SYDNEY. Sitting Magistrate for the ensuing Week— C. THROSBY. Esq. Assize of Bread as before. SHIP NEWS. Yesterday arrived from the Southward the Governor Bligh colonial vessel, Mr. Grono, master, with upwards of 10,000 fur seal skins. The 31st of January she fell in with the brig Fox at sea, with about the same complement. The Fox had lost her anchors and cables, and was very short of water, which latter want Mr. Grono relieved as far as was in his power. In a new discovered Strait which cuts off the South Cape of New Zealand from the main land, fell in about the middle of February with the Pegasus, Captain Bunker, who had been pretty successful ; and learned from him, that he had spoke the Antipode schooner 9 or 10 weeks before, she being then very short of provisions and upon the return to the Seal-islands to take her gangs off. In the Strait above-mentioned, which is called Foveaux Strait, the Pegasus struck on a rock but received little damage ; and the Governor Bligh met a like accident, tho' with no material injury. The above Strait Mr. Grono describes as being from about 36 to 40 miles in width, and a very dangerous navigation from the numerous rocks, shoals, and little islands, with what it is crowded. The Review of the New South Wales Corps, which was designed for Wednesday last, was in consequence of the dreadful weather necessarily put off to Tuesday next ; should the weather prove favorable. Among other infamous characters who have taken to the woods we have to notice a man whose name is George Gilbert, and was lately a stockman to Mr. O'Hara, settler at Seven Hills, who had exhi- bited a charge of robbery against him prior to his going off. This offender is about 5 feet 4 inches high, with fair hair, is somewhat round-shouldered, and stoops in walking. He wore a straw hat, blue jacket, and nankeen trowsers.—We are thus par- ticular in his description that the well-disposed may be upon their guard against harbouring or employing him, to their own extreme hazard nor will it be ill-received, we trust, to recapitulate the following Section of an existing Order, imine- dirtely pertinent to the subject, and bearing date the 4th of August, 1804 :— "Persons employing or harbouring any prisoner or freeman, without seeing his Certificate or Permission, will on conviction be fined Five Pounds, and 2s. 6d. for each day such freeman or prisoner has been harboured or employed ; and Twenty Pounds, with 2s. 6d. each day any prisoner has been harboured or employed, until he is regularly indented for, according to the Orders of January 6, 1804." On Thursday night, or early on Friday morning the house of W. DAVIDSON, Esq. was entered in the evening, and a small case stolen therefrom, containing a considerable property in cash and notes ; Same night the shop of Mr. James Morris, in Pitt's Row was broke into, and the following Ar- ticles stolen, the description of which will it is to be hoped lead to an immediate discovery.— One piece of tape 48 yards, 2 red shirts ; 8 check and cotton shirts, 4 pair of English shoes ; a quan- tity of India shawls, 50 yards and upwards of fine muslin ; 30 yards and upwards of sprigged ditto of different patterns ; 30 muslin handkerchiefs, a quantity of policat ditto ; 4 yards of swandown flannel, a remnant of English calico ; 2½ yards of English print, olive colour, white flower ; 1½ yard of Marseilla fancy waistcoating yellow ground ; 1 piece of waistcoating, purple striped ; 1 piece of ditto, black and white cross-bar ; 1 piece of ditto of various colours ; 2 pair of black worsted stock- ings, 1 pair of white cotton ditto ; 10 black silk handkerchiefs, 15 blue ditto cross-barr'd ; 8 pieces of yellow nankeen, 2 pieces of English tape ; a quantity of loose thread, 1 shirt mended on both shoulders; 1 looking glass 6½ inches by 8½. A Reward of Twenty Guineas has been tendered on discovery of the above Robbery, which is de- voutly to be wished, as vice falls heaviest where a large and heavy instant charge are to be the sup- porters of the loss. For some years we have not witnessed so heavy a fall of rain as last night and this morning, it came on about six in the evening, the wind being then at S. E. and continued the whole night and morning with little intermission, the wind, fre- quently shifting, and blowing almost a constant hurricane. Last Monday night several native dogs got into the inclosures of John HARRIS, Esq. at Ultimo, and killed among other stock one English ram of very considerable value. The morning following Mr. Harris had the satisfaction to fall in with one of these pests, which he shot dead ; he also saw several others, but could not get near enough to shoot them.—ln addition to the loss sustained by the above Gentleman from the voracity of these animals, Mr. Kable has within a very short period lost upwards of 50 turkies, and other poultry in abundance. On Friday se'nnight Nicholas Lacey, a bush-ranger, was apprehended at Richmond Hill, and lodged in custody ; and On Sunday last James Hutchinson, another offender of the same description, was apprehended at a public house in Sydney, into which he had entered by squeezing through two iron bars at the back window of a bed-room, which were so close together as to oblige him to strip stark naked before he could make his entry good. With scarce a feeble glimmering of light in the room, the mistress first perceived what she considered to be the faint shadow of a human likeness, which imagination she communicated to her husband in a very low whisper ; and he, considering upon the other hand the vast improbability of any corporal substance being gifted with the power of compressing itself sufficiently to enter any aperture in the apartment, soon made his mind up that what she saw and was now to himself visible, could be neither more or less than one of those etherial visitors better known by the denomi- nation of a ghost ; nor did she hesitate a moment to fall into the conception, as it had long been mutually understood the house was haunted. The discovery was perfectly sudorifick ; the teeth chattered ; the sinews received an agitated motion ; piety burst forth in ejaculations fervent, with every other circumstance of pure and unadulterated terror.—It happened also that the Tales of the Genii, and some very ancient and respectable histories of British Goblins had frequently contributed to the evening's family recreation.—this therefore was a favorable opportunity for the recollection to harrow up some of the most terrific visions with which those chime- rical productions improve the taste, and enlarge the understanding. Without the aid of so much useful reading, the sensation of terror could not have been half so perfect ; but as it was, so rationally wound up, every hair stood individually erect, like "quills upon the fretful porcupine."—It is generally understood, that terror, which is one of the baser affections, does not operate upon every mind alike ; in fact this also has been remarked with respect to the noblest passions of the human heart. This remark, so far as relates to terror, was here sufficiently exemplified : for while the husband decorously observed a profound silence, not willing that the apparition should even hear him draw his breath, the wise went off into a fit and with her screams still more alarmed him than the ghost had done already.—As there can be no hazard in stirring in things that are already at the worst, desperation sometimes has the effect of courage, and very frequently accomplishes more than deli- berate bravery would have attempted ; but be it as it might, the consequences are all we have to look at.—For he leaped as the ghost was about to retire, and caught in his arms the choice spirit above- mentioned, to whom may be attributed a more mischievous design in his nocturnal visit, than could have entered the imagination of any real ghost that ever returned to "tell the secrets of his dwelling." On Friday last a boy about 6 years old received a violent kick on one of the temples from a young horse near the Hospital, and was very much hurt, but much less than could have been expected if the animal had been shod, which happily happened not to have been the case. Potatoes yesterday sold at the beginning of the market at 12s. but before the day was over fell to 9s. per 100 lbs, although the supply of all kinds was rather scanty ; and the prices of butchers' meat were as before. From Kissing Point and Concord we are directed to rectify an outrageous error that appeared in last week's paper, stating that the two ladies who fought in the market were from the above places, whereas they were both from the Field of Mars, which in- deed might readily have been inferred from their heroic turn of mind, and the scientific manner in which they they acquited themselves ; which must have been hignly acceptable to the Deity by whose honoured name the place of their abode is so happily distinguished. A few days since the following serious circumstance is reported to have taken place at no great distance from the Green Hills.—A vessel containing little more or less than ten to fifteen gallons of a universal beverage, during the absence of the owner held forth a temptation to his wife which required every exertion of feminine fortitude to resist :-—It was the forbidden juice at least of some superior fruit, whose eminence was sufficiently distinguished by the strength of its very vapour; and had it been but tapped, all would have been well, but this unfortunately happened ot to be the case.—Satan, who seldom suffers a mischief to escape him, no doubt was at her elbow, and imperceptibly instilling into her imagination a thousand pleasant suggestions as to the strength, transparency, and flavour of the precious cordial :— to get at which appeared an insuperable bar, until the arch contriver of sin so managed as that a glance from her despondent eye should come in contact with a cork in one of the barrel's heads ; & upon examining whether it would be difficult to draw it forth or not, it unexpectedly went in, and only a mischievous spirit at hand, which instead of comforting had occasioned her embarrassment.. Stir from her post she durst not, nor had she any remedy but to keep her fair hand upon the vent-hole until chance should send to her relief some kind Samaritan, who importunely proved to be her husband. A coup- dœil was sufficient evidence against her ; but he supposing her to be only in the act of tapping his liquid treasure, which, like a faithful partner, she was then endeavouring to preserve, proclaimed ocular demonstration to be the best of evidence, and courteously laid his whip across her shoulders ; the poor woman, in obedience of the strongest of all human impellatives quitted her important post and sought safety in immediate flight ; and being closely pursued, it is easy to imagine what became of the seducing spirit. 