Sydney. ———— SITTING MAGISTRATE for the ensuing Week—W. BROUGHTON, Esq. Assize of Bread as before. Average Price of Articles at last Saturday's Market :— Wheat 10s. 10¾d. per bushel ; maize 6s. per ditto ; potatoes 10s. per cwt ; fowls 6s. per couple ; eggs 2s. 6d. per dozen. The Sydney Races commence on Monday the 17th ; and we may of course expect a numerous list of visitors from all parts of the Colony during the ensuing week. Upon the racing days it is to be hoped that persons who keep dogs will secure them at home, and not allow them to be at the Course, an inattention to which pre- caution might be attended with very serious, if not fatal consequences to the riders, one of whom received a dangerous and painful fall at a former race, owing to a dog's crossing the Course. On Monday last the body of Michael Coolaghan, one of the unfortunate men who was drowned in a wood boat the week before last, was picked up floating near Goat Island ; an Inquest was convened the same forenoon by J. W. LEWIN, Esq. Coroner, whose Ver- dict was Accidental Death ; and On Wednesday the body of — Cronlan was found floating near the above place. An Inquest was also convened thereon, whose Verdict was similar to the foregoing. Last Thursday se'nnight, a man employed at the Salt Works of Mr. Wm. Mason, at Scotland Island, was killed on the spot by the fall of a tree. We can learn nothing farther than that his Christian name was Dennis. A Coroner's Inquest was assembled on Wednesday last, at Parramatta, on the body of William Snead, who died suddenly on Tuesday evening, opposite the house of Mr. Rowland Hassall, while in the act of rolling a cask. Verdict—Death by the Visitation of God. This morning a pick-pocket was detected in the market in the act of disburthening an elderly matron of a pocket-book, containing all the produce of her vegetable sales.—Upon detection, the delinquent was seized by the old lady, and made an effort to escape, but in vain ; for so determined was she in maintaining her grasp, that his exertion proved ineffectual. The Chief Constable happening fortunately to be at hand, the villain was secured, and taken before the Superin- tendant of Police, who ordered him 50 lashes, and close imprisonment in the gaol during the intervals of la- bour, as he was already a prisoner. The new road to South Head, so far as it is now car- ried, presents to the Inhabitants of the Town a beauti- ful avenue of recreation, either as a pleasant ride or pro- monade, that attracts the wonder of the meditating pas- senger who reflects, that scarce a twelvemonth has elapsed since the smooth and level course that now in- vites him onward, exhibited a wild, almost impenetrable. As once the captive Briton, while he graced the Roman triumph fixed his attentive eye upon a chariot wheel, and sadly mused upon the RISE which one spoke had upon another's FALL, now may not we, in grateful, in contrasted contemplation fondly dwell upon our benefits, and gladly hail the splendid dawn that animates our prospects. In the object new before us, we are pre- sented with an advantage which intense labour only could produce ; & from the locality of which the Inha- bitants of Sydney peculiarly are to benefit. By volun- tary subscription the plan has been proceeded in ; and happy we are to say, that in the truest sense of the word the contribution has been voluntary. Much, much has been accomplished, but something yet remains to render the work effectual. An additional subscription for this excellent purpose will answer its completion upon the liberal scale pursued ; and if we may aspire to the phrase that animates the British bosom, this, as a NA- TIONAL UNDERTAKING, will entitle our little Com- munity to the gratifying enlogium of a spirited ex- ertion. The condition of wheat arriving at Sydney by the Hawkesbury boats, too generally speaking, is among the greatest evils of which the inhabitants of either set- tlement has to complain ; and unless some method be adopted for the preservation of grain sent round by water, the utility of those vehicles must be totally done away with. The land carriage of wheat from Hawkes- bury to Sydney is at the general rate charged half-a- crown a bushel, and the water carriage only one shilling ; and yet it is a well-known fact that all who have an opportunity prefer paying the difference of eighteen pence per bushel for cartage, rather than submit to the damage it is in most cases certain of receiving by water conveyance. This preference, persisted in as is univer- sally known to be the fact, at so great a disadvantage, must of course be considered to proceed from some equivalent reason ; which in brief stands thus : that the wheat brought down by land carriage arrives in as good condition as when carted, whereas that brought by water is mostly damaged, sometimes entirely spoilt, and always so abominably intermixed as to make a difference in the value of good samples put on board, far exceed- ing the difference of carriage. A slight damage, may proceed from unavoidable detention, on the passage, and the tendency of the grain itself to become heated if long kept in a large body, and particularly in the hold of a vessel laden in bulk. Without a tedious passage, how- ever, and without any complaint of winds or weather, it seldom arrives in marketable condition, and without any propable cause being assigned for the diminished value of the grain, the owner sustains a loss of perhaps several shillings per bushel. In cases of severe damage it has sometimes happened that the grain has been scarcely worth unlading, and as the loss falls upon the owner, if the boatmen have but the presence of mind to attribute the disaster to the elements, the injury may amount to a positive state of ruin—while the true source of the damage might in all probability have been the bad state of the boat itself ; for all consequences result- ing from which, the owner of the boat, and not of the wheat, perhaps would be made liable if the fact were ascertained. With regard to the injury done to grain by the intermixture of all quantities put on board in one general mass, it can no otherwise be considered than an impudent imposition of the boatmen, and a grievance of the most injurious kind ; for although the pretext of adverse winds and bad weather may stand in excuse for a great deal of negligence, and a great deal of dissi- pation at the expence of the cargo, yet nothing can possibly extenuate this offence—for an offence it is of a most flagrant and injurious kind. Hence comes a uni- versal complaint against the boat wheat ; those for whom it is intended in Sydney are careless whether they receive it or not ; they expected and had a right to ex- pect a clean grain, instead of which the whole bulk ap- pears to have undergone an intentional intermixture : —The boatmen declare it to be no fault of theirs, though it cannot possibly be that of any other person ; as they frequently refuse to admit grain in a foul state at Hawkesbury, and consequently can be under no necessity of receiving such into their boats at all, nor should they do so, unless they can keep it separate.— In answer to frequent complaints against this abuse the ready argument is, that the intermixture of samples can be of no benefit to them : But this is impossible, for no man would act so absurdly in the very face of com- plaint and remonstrance, unless he found an interest in it :—As for instance, if one man turns into a boat 100 bushels of grain, value 10s. per bushel, and another turns 100 bushels, worth only 5s. the intermixture equallizes all ; and consequently one must gain as much as the other loses, namely, half-a-crown a bushel, which in so trifling a quantity as 100 bushels would take 12l. 10s. out of the pocket of the one to put it into that of the other. It also follows, that a boatman might trade in this way upon his own account, and upon this equal- lizing principle convert the entire refuse of a Hawkes- bury barn into such wheat as his general lading is to consist of when he delivers his freight at Sydney. Will any one imagine, then, that a total change in the aspect of their cargo is always purely accidental, or that they derive no emolument whatever from its transformed ap- pearance ? It is not intended to notice the intermixture of samples that vary a shade or two, in quality from each other, but the fraudulent incorporation of an entire bad kind of grain with a general cargo of good, to the prejudice of the owners. It is not however, a disease without a remedy, for the remedy is at hand—namely, A positive order from the proprietor of every boat to receive no wheat that shall not be clean, and fit to be put among other grain ; or, if continuing to take in any that came first to hand, to contrive to do so without prejudice to another's property, by parti- tioning off the good from the bad ; which most certainly ought in every ease to be done where the inequality is very evident, and thus would one of the most grievous complaints arising out of the boats be silenced. As they are now conducted their utility is much less than it ought to be, and could any other mode be resorted to for the conveyance of grain in large quantities, the dif- ference between one shilling and half-a-crown a bushel would be cheerfully submitted to, as of two evils we generally like to choose the least. The owners them- selves of craft employed in the Hawkesbury trade ought in justice to the Public to attend seriously to the evils which are here but hinted at, and which it becomes their more immediate duty to restrain ; for such is the aversion that prevails against the boat wheat that it can- not be sold without difficulty, and some of the bakers will not purchase it at all. It is a property in which the cultivator must place his chief dependance ; and how distressing is the reflexion that the annual production of his harvest should, in its bare conveyance to market, undergo an ordeal more dangerous than even floods and blights. It is a matter of universal interest—and if any effectual method of security could be proposed it would be gladly promulgated through the channel of this Paper. The person who is the subject of the following account belongs to the Phoenix, Captain Parker, in what capacity we know not, having only seen him the day previous to the vessel's departure, when he exhibited a paper of which the following is a copy :— AN INTERESTING PRINCE. The youngest son of Crangalow, King of Easter island, baptised at Rotherhithe Church, in the name of Henry Easter, after the island. This Prince came to England six years ago, in the ship Adventure, Captain Page, South-whaler, who touched there to refresh the crew, they having the scurvy.— 'When he departed, Crangalow was supposed to be 125 years old, scarcely able to walk ; his hair as white as milk, and he the father of 23 children, all of whom were alive. This young Prince is in every respect a handsome man about 22 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches high, is very tractable and probably may in time be able to civilize his countrymen, if an opportunity should offer of his return. Easter island is situated in the Great Pa- cific Ocean, is about 12 leagues in circuit, and a fortnight's sail from the nearest land, which is the Marquesas.—About a year previous to this Prince's departure from the island, an American ship visited them for the same purpose as the Ad- venture ; but after receiving the different fruits which the natives were able to furnish them with, took seven of them away, which was likely to be attended with serious consequences to the next visitors ; they, not knowing what had happened, approached the shore unguarded, when they were attacked with showers of stones from slings, with which they are very dexterous, and struck the Captain on the breast with such violence as to nearly kill him. Through the above affair, King Crangalow will not, let any boat communicate with the shore." The above account is dated London, October 31, 1811, and appears to have been made out more as a certificate of protection against the impress service than for any other purpose. This native Prince answers the description given of him ; and states verbally, that he went to school in England, but we did not discover that he could write or read. His English is very tolerable ; and his manners more like those of a European than the native of a South-sea Island. Whether Captain Parker's idea was to return him to the place of his nativity or not we had not the opportunity to enquire ; but from the benevolence of that gentle- man's disposition we cannot doubt that to have been his view. The young man was very healthy, well-cloathed, and had every appearance of a satisfied mind. The continuing rains are very uncommon at this sea- son of the year, which has generally been remarkable for the few showers that have visited us. The chief inconvenience they occasion is, however, to the tra- veller, who finds much inconvenience from the depth of such parts of the roads as have had occasion to be le- velled, the fresh earth used in which has not had time sufficiently to harden. This ought to be a busy month in the field and garden ; as it is the fit season for sowing cucumbers and melons, the transplantation of ever- greens ; the cleaning of the nursery, and preparation of young trees for grafting ; the proper trimming of fruit trees, by divesting them of useless or decayed branches ; the cutting of vines, and planting for new vineyards ; planting potatoes for a general crop ; breaking up ground for, and sowing clover ; ploughing and breaking up ground for maize, &c.; &c.; &c; DIED—At his house in York-street, on Sunday evening last, between seven and eight o'clock, Mr. Thomas Abbott, who had long laboured under a con- sumptive complaint, to which he fell a victim in his 46th year. He came to the Colony more than 20 years ago, and was much respected as a settler on the banks of Hawkesbury, until about the middle of 1804, when he left his agricultural pursuits, and with a very small property commenced the business of a retail trade at Sydney, that being perhaps best suited to his con- stitution, which was far from robust. His advancement in trade was rapid, and his circumstances were shortly improved to a state of promised independence. In the mercantile line he became respectably connected and was concerned in various vessels ; but whether his speculations in this way were likely to prove pro- fitable or not, he had not time to form a judgment. Having no children, he has bequeathed his property in legacies to those whom he considered best entitled to his regard ; and who very sincerely regret ; his death. ———— Miscellanious Extracts from the latest London Paper received. The Emperor Bonaparte, wishing to make several dispositions useful to the city of Rome, upon the 27th July, 1811, made the following decrees : " The Imperial Court of Justice shall be established at the Chancery ; the Academy of the University in the good city of Rome shall be established at the Colle deila Sapienz. Two Lyceums shall be established Rome, one at the Roman College, and the other at of the Jesuits. The magazines of corn and oil at Baths of Dioclesion and Coeneto, and Civitia Vecchi are ceded to the City of Rome. " Every year there shall be provided an extraordi- nary fund of one million, under the title of the Special Funds for the embellishments of Rome. This fund shall be raised partly on the city and partly on the revenues of the extraordinary. It shall be applied to the exca- vations for the discovery of antiquities ; to the perfec- tioning of the navigation of the Tiber ; to the construc- tion of a new bridge on the scite of that of Horatius Cocles ; to the finishing of the Bridge of Sextus ; to the aggrandizement and embellishment of the Squares of Trajan, and the Pantheon ; to the construction of a Market and two Slaughtering-places ; to the opening of a Promenade on the side of the Gate of the People, and another on the scite of the Forum, of the Colisæum and of the Mount Palatine ; to the establishment of a Botanic Garden, &c.; " The fund of one million shall be employed in 1811, in the following manner :—100,000 livers for the wood to complete the navigation of the Tiber, especially in that part of the river which flows through the city of Rome ; 50,000 to begin the new bridge of Horatius Cocles ; 50,000 tor the bridge of Sextus ; 50,000 for the enlargement and embellishment of the Squares of Trajan and the Pantheon ; 150,000 for the Promenade at the Gate of the People ; 100,000 for the Promenade at the Capitol ; 50,000 for the Market ; 100,000 for the Slaughtering-Places ; 50,000 for the Botanic Gar- den ; 300,000 livres for a fund to furnish supplementary aid, according to the statements made of the progress of the works, and to commence new ones, according to the proposals which shall be made by the Committee. " The plans for the perfectioning of the navigation of the Tiber, from Perugia to the sea, and especially of that part of the river which flows through the City of Rome, the new bridge of Horatius Cocles, and the bridge of Sextus, shall be commenced without delay, and shall be submitted to his Majesty in the Sittings of bridges and causeways, which shall be held in De- cember. " Also shall be commenced, with as little delay as possible, the plans for the enlargement and embellish- ments of the squares of Trajan and the Pantheon, and for the Market and Slaughtering-Places. In the mean time, till the plans for the square of Trajan shall have received his Majesty's approbation, the Convents of the Holy Ghost and of St. Euphemia shall be pulled down. " The plans which have been submitted to his Ma- jesty for the promenade on the side of the Gate of the People, are approved; and to carry them into ef- fect the Convent del Populo, and its dependencies shall be pulled down. This promenade shall be called the 'Garden of the Great Cæsar.' " The promenade projected on the scite of the Ca- pitol and the Colisæum, shall be called the ' Garden of the Capitol.' The plans of them shall be presented without delay, as well as those of the Botanic Garden. " The houses, palaces, and dependencies situated on the scites destined for the embellishments of Rome, and which appertain to his Majesty, or which apper- tain to the Court of Naples, shall be pulled down." Biographical Account, of Marshal Macdonald. His Excellency Alexander M'Donald, Marshal and General in the French army, Duke of Taren- to, &c.; is a native of Ireland, He was born with- in a few miles of Ardee, in the county of Louth, of parents in easy circumstances. His father in- tending him for the church gave him a liberal edu- cation. At the age of 15 he was sent to the aca- demy at Dundalk, where he remained for the space of two years ; but, naturally inclined to go to France, he eloped from school on pretence of go- ing to see his parents, & got to Dublin, from whence he took shipping to Calais, where he had some friends in great opulence. When his pa- rents heard of his elopement they conjectured he might have set out for Calais, as an aunt, for whom he always had a great affection, lived there ; they therefore wrote immediately to Calais, and shortly after received a letter from himself, asking pardon for the anxiety he had occasioned them, at the same time assuring them he had no other object in view than that of getting to the Irish College at Paris, in order to complete his studies. On receipt of this letter his father wrote to his aunt to have him sent to Paris according to his wishes, which she lost no time in doing. In seve- ral letters which he wrote to a gentleman in this country, previous to the Revolution, he always said, nothing could save the French nation but a total change of system ; in the Court, he said, there existed nothing but bribery and corruption, the upper circles were contaminated with luxury and ambition, whilst in the lower there was nothing to be seen but misery and wretchedness. He saw the Revolution in motion long before it broke out, which induced him to study tactics in all his leisure hours : he often said, he was inclined from his infancy for the army ; but that the gates of promotion were closed against him in the soil which gave him birth. When the Revolution commenced, he joined the army, and was at the storming of the Bastile, where he first attracted notice, which caused him to be made a Subaltern Officer ; he was of those who were under Bona- parte in the ever memorable crossing of the Alps, on which occasion he obtained much glory. It would go beyond the limits of a newspaper to de- tail the numerous battles in which he distinguished himself. He now ranks amongst the greatest warriors of the age. He is 49, years of age, very active, of a strong constitution, 5 feet 10 inches high, very handsome, black eyes and eye-brows a most intelligent countenance, writes with great point and eloquence. In the Cabinet he is con- sidered an able man, and at the Court of Denmark displayed all the abilities of a great Ambassador. [Dublin Evening Post. The Royal Academy of sciences at Lisbon, has advertised a premium of a gold medal, of the value of 50,000 reals, (1240l.) to the Author of the best Essay upon the subject proposed, under the following title :— " Memoirs for a History of the Campaigns of Marshal General Lord Viscount Wellington, in Portugal and Spain, to the end of the year 1811." The terms are, that the Memoirs be written in Portuguese, English, or French ; that they be transmitted to the secretary of the Academy, at the end of May 1812, to be judged according to the established regulations. And that the names of the authors be contained in sealed papers, having the same device with the Memoirs, to be opened only in the event of being, successful. Sentimental Anecdote.—Fahlun has lately wit- nessed an incident which partakes of the roman- tic. In opening a communication between two mines, the corpse of a miner was found com- pletely preserved, and in a state of softness, being impregnated with the vitriolic water of the mine. When exposed to the open air it became stiff.— The features were not recognized by any person present : but tradition had prolonged the recollec- tion of the accident by which he had been in- volved in the bowels of the earth more than half a century ago. All further inquiry was dropped ; when, suddenly, a decrepid old woman, leaning on her crutches advanced, and discovered that the party was a young man to whom she had been en- gaged, by promise of marriage, fifty years before ! She threw herself on the body of her former lover, and bedewed it with many tears ; fainting with joy to have again beheld the object of her affection, before she descended to the tomb. The contrast between these parties, one of them buried during 50 years, yet preserving all the features of youth ; the other, bending beneath the load of years, and living, if she could be said to live, du- ring an equal space of time, above ground, may be more easily conceived than described. SCOTS VETERAN.—There is now living in the village of Delnies, in the parish of Nairn, in the full possession of all his faculties, a veteran named JOHN REID, who may perhaps be reckoned the oldest soldier in Great Britain, he having nearly completed his hundredth year. He entered the second battalion of the Scots Royals upwards of 80 years ago and fought at the battles of Dettin- gen, Fontenoy, Walls, and Culloden. He served also through the whole of the American war, and was present at the sieges of Quebec and Ticonde- rago, where he was severely wounded by a musket ball, which entered his thigh, and which it was found impossible impossible to extract. This ball he means to bequeath as a legacy to one of his sons of whom he has several, all begotten in law- ful wedlock, although he married at the age of 70, and all of whom are serving their king and country. Such has been the uniform regularity of this highland veteran's mode of living, that he has only been twice fuddled in the course of his life, viz. at the period of his inlistment, and when the news of His Majesty's corronation arrived at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, where the Royals then lay. He is, moreover, very cheerful, and has an uncommonly retentive memory, and, with great good sense joined to no small portion of wit, "all the live long day he talks of war." We hear that Dr. Buchanan intends to visit Jeru- salem and the interior of Palestine, with a view to the promotion of the translation of the Scriptures, and the extension of Christianity. One of his ob- jets, it is said, is to ascertain whether it may be practicable to establish presses in Jerusalem or Aleppo, for the Hebrew, Arabic, and Syriac languages. He intends to touch at Alexandria, in his voyage to Palestine, and to return by the Lesser Asia, through the region of the seven pri- ative Churches ; to pass from thence to Athens and Corinth, and the largest islands of the Archi- pelago. Fifty tons of Bullion, part of the cargo of the Archduke Charles, lately aarived from Lima and Rio de Janeiro, have been safely deposited in the Bank of England. There is now living in Sussex county, State of Delaware, a native African, who is 124 years of age. His strength at 70 was unimpaired, and ex- ceeded the strength of much younger men. All his teeth are sound, and in their full number. His vision is as correct as it was in early life ; his hear- ing is somewhat impaired, also his memory as to persons, but to events and situations it is still in a sound state. He has had three wives and 31 children. The account of this extraordinary in- stance of longevity was communicated to a gen- tleman of the city of Boston by Dr Gibbons, of Sussex, by whom the facts herein mentioned were obtained from the venerable subject of them him- self, and confirmed by several of his neighbours. Letters have been received from the north side of the Island of St. Domingo, under the Govern- ment of CHRISTOPHE, now called King HENRY. They state the frequent commission of cruelties for the maintenance of his authority ; and the writers intreat that no political discussions may be introduced into the answer, as all of them are opened by the Black Magistracy. They also desire that the address in future be to Cape Henry, and not to Cape Francois, as letters di- rected under the latter name are by public order destroyed. A letter from New York, dated 22d July, 1811, gives the following account.—" Captain Bulkely arrived here last evening, informs that on Saturday last, off the Capes of the Delaware, 40 miles from the land, he witnessed an engagement between two ships of war, which continued from four till half past six P. M. when one of the ships struck. After the engagement, an Offi- cer from one of them came on board Capt B's schooner, the Ann Eliza, who proved to be an Officer from the British sloop of war Atalante, Capt. Hickey, who in- formed, that the ship that had just struck to the Atalan- te was the French frigate Entreprenante, of 32 guns, bound from Brest to New York, with dispatches and some cargo. The Atalante had one man killed and four wounded. The Entreprenante had 30 killed and wounded. The Atalante mounts 24 guns. (Not true, only 18). Captain Bulkely did not learn how long the French ship had been out, or what became of the dis- patches. According to recent private letters from Gibraltar, the Marope sloop of war, Captain Flyn, had carried in there a ship of war of considerably superior force, toge- ther with a prize of great value, which the Frenchmen had captured immediately previous to the Merope falling in with him. The Emperor of Austria has abolished the for- mal tax on the Jews, who performed in their own houses, private acts of their religion, known by the name of miniam—a sum, however, is levied by granting permissions on stamped paper. The Jews, domiciliated in Holland, have found it necessary to appeal, from the Lieutenant-Go- vernor, the Duke of Placentia, to Bonaparte, on the subject of the Conscription, which had been enforced with much rigour against them. The Deputation of that nation, after a three weeks' residence in Paris, obtaided of Bonaparte that their brethren should be placed on the same footing as the Hollanders, and permitted to find substi- tutes. 