S Y D N E Y. Sitting Magistrate for the ensuing Week—A. Riley, Esq. Assize of Bread to remain the same as before. Average Prices of Articles at last Saturday's Mar- ket :—Wheat 9s. 4¾d. per bushel ; maize 6s. 6d. per bushel ; potatoes 9s. per cwt ; fowls 6s. per couple ; eggs 2s. 9d. per dozen. An application was this day made to a Bench of Magistrates by an apprentice, praying that his indentures might be cancelled, upon the grounds set forth in a memorial which was read.—The cir- cumstances of the case were, that the young man, when nearly 19 years of age, had bound himself to his master, who is a cabinet maker in Pitt street, for the space of three years, 6 or 7 months prior to the expiration of which he arrived to full age, and considered that as one sufficient ground for the application.—Secondly, he complained of oppressive treatment, in being kept at work from day-light till 10, and sometimes 11 at night ; whereas that 12 hours was by the established cus- tom of the place considered a fair and sufficient day's work for journeymen as well as apprentices. In support of the first principle, namely, that the perfection of the age of twenty-one was to vitiate an indenture, a reference was made to the 18th G.S. c. 47, which relates only to the power vested in churchwardens and overseers of binding poor apprentices until they come to the age of 21 ; which did not at all affect the present case ; whereupon the Bench ordered, that the apprentice should continue with his master until the term for which he had bound himself should expire ; but that upon the other hand the master should not exact from him a greater proportion of labour than custom authorised ; which appeared to be 12 hours a day ; viz. from 6 to 6. A fine boy, son of Mr. Barber of Parramatta, was this morning unfortunately killed by a load from a cart that was unexpectedly tilted, falling directly upon him. On the night of Tuesday last the daughter of Mr. James Badgery, at the South Creek, was bit in the foot by a black snake, which lay extended in her passage from the kitchen into a back skil- lion ; and instantly alarming the persons in the house by her shrieks, her life was saved, as may doubtless be conjectured, by the precautions that ensued, which were as follow :—A ligature, or cord, was immediately bound as firmly as could be borne, round the leg, a little above the wounded part, so as considerably to check, if not entirely prevent the circulation of the blood ; which done, the punctures occasioned by the indention of the teeth were cut out with a razor, and the leg then immersed in a bucket of cold water, and constant- ly rubbed downwards for the space of two hours. Overcome by fatigue the young patient soon after- wards fell into a profound sleep, from which she awoke perfectly recovered, but will no doubt long retain a recollection of her miraculous escape from one of the most dreadful of all accidents. Yesterday was married at St. Philip's Church, Sydney, N. Lucas, to Miss Sarah Squires, third daughter of Mr. James Squires, of Kissing Point. A Ghost was detected in August last at Ken- sington Gore, after a repetition of its anticks for several nights, to the great terror of the neigh- bourhood. His detection was effected by a large dog, whose master had flown with precipitation from the ghost, which the dog immediately gave chace to, and after tearing off its disguise, obliged the presumptuous spirit to call aloud for mortal aid. When apprehended, the rash impostor ac- knowledged himself the son of a neighbouring builder, and would have been dismissed, had not several persons come up whom he had dreadfully scared. It was instantly determined he should be ducked, which was performed accordingly ; and the unfortunate ghost was allowed to pursue his wandering inclination. 