SYDNEY . . . SITTING MAGISTRATE - W. BROUGHTON, Esq. Assize of Bread for the ensuing Week - 8½d. SHIP NEWS.—On Monday arrived the Eliza, Capt. Murray, from Bengal via Hobart Town. On Tuesday arrived the Cochin, Capt. Pearson, from the same place, which she left the 2d of De- cember; with a cargo of grain, spirits, and sundries; she also called at Hobart Town. On Thursday arrived the Elizabeth cutter, Mr Hardwicke master, from Hobart Town; bringing letters containing some very unpleasant information respecting the excesses of the bush-rangers, which will be found in the following columns. Remain with His Majesty's brig Emu and schooner Estramina, the ships Indefatigable, Union, Frederick, Sydney Packet, Catherine, Cochin, and Eliza; the brigs Campbell Macquarie, Perseve- rance, Daphne, Trial, and Cumberland; and the schooners Brothers and Henrietta Packet. His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR, and Mrs. MACQUARIE, returned from their excursion through the Mountains yesterday morning; and most of the Officers and Gentlemen who had the pleasure of forming the accompanying party have also returned, we have the satisfaction say, without experien- cing or witnessing any accident that could diminish the general satisfaction. By the Cochin we receive the information of the arrival from hence at Batavia of the ship Broxborne- bury, and also of the Surry and Somersetshire at China. A trunk belonging to Mr Thomas Settle, of the Indefatigable, was on Sunday broke open on board that ship, and robbed of a small case of jewellery; which having been opened by Mr. Settle, was left unlocked, by which fortunate accident most of its contents were saved, as either from hurry or alarm the depredator, in taking it out, had turned it upside down, and left the greater part of the otherwise devoted spoil behind. The small box has been since recovered through the channel of the Police, but none of the few articles, that adhered to it, and a seaman, suspected of the offence, is in custody on the charge. The external of the brick building which will form the center of the new barracks was last week completed, and will prove an agreeable ornament to the Town, it is three stories high, with a front of 72 feet, built with a pedement of 33 feet with rustic ends, and rising ten feet. The interior will be laid out in military store-rooms, clerk's offices, and working places for tradesmen and artificers. We do not learn that the rains of the week now ended have extended to any considerable distance from Sydney; the effects of drought therefore still continue to be felt throughout most of the settle- ments. The accounts received by the Cochin from Ho- bart Town teem with the enormities in daily practice by the bushrangers, of whom four had been apprehended. A party of villains, eight in number, and accom- panied by a native woman, made a daring attack upon the settlement of New Norfolk on Monday the 24th of last month, and stripped the settlers of all property they could carry off, together with all arms and ammunition they could find. They had previously visited the Government herds about five miles from New Norfolk, and killed a fine cow. When in their course of plundering they had reached as far as the Back River, Mr. Dennis McCarthy, who resides about two miles distant, received infor- mation of their approach, and determined to give them a meeting, without knowing their number, or the manner in which they were armed; for during a late absence from the settlement his house had been plundered by a party of the banditti; and on the present occasion his vessel the Geordy lay near his premises, and contained a considerable property which would have been at the mercy of the plunder- ers. Accompanied by some acquaintances who hap- pened to be on the spot at the time, namely, Mr Jas. O'Berne, master of the Geordy, Mr. Keith Hacking, mate, Messrs. Murphy, Jamott, Charles Carlisle, James Triffit, a neighbouring settler's son, John Brown, a servant, and ___Tooms, who belonged to the vessel, and was rewarded with a conditional emancipation for his good conduct in apprehending the desperate offenders McCabe and Townshend, who were some time since executed for their crimes, and armed with four fowling pieces and one brace of pistols, the party set forward upon the laudable en- terprize, and soon came within musket shot of the offenders, who were armed with twelve muskets, three or four brace of pistols, and a broadsword. Not relaxing from his determination to secure them, if practicable, Mr. McCarthy commanded them to lay down their arms—but received in reply the fire of three of the ruffians, by which five persons fell, one of whom (Carlisle) received a ball in the groin and three slugs in the breast, of which wounds he died in less than an hour after. Messrs. Jamotte and Triffit were severely wounded on the thigh, Murphy on the lower part of the belly, and Mr. O'Berne receiving a ball in the cheek, which perforated the tongue and lodged in the neck, his recovery was very doubtful. The major part of Mr McCarthy's party being thus disabled, the villains ordered him to lay down his arms; to which command he re- turned a shot. He fired thrice, but without execu- tion, as the bush-rangers were positioned behind trees. Two of their balls passed through his coat; his servant Brown behaved with equal gallantry; and with only a broad-sword sprang forward to engage the miscreants hand to hand; but was alone with his master, and was compelled to retire with him. Murphy, whose wound confined him to the spot where he received it, fell into the hands of the mis- creants, who, although suffering excessive pain, they threatened to tie up and scourge severely; which, however, the one who seemed to have the greatest authority among them would not permit. The persons who composed this sanguinary gang have been ascertained, from the declaration of two bush- rangers since apprehended, to be John Whitehead, Michael Howe, Richard McGuire, Richard Coll- yer, Hugh Byrne, Peter Septon, Dennis Geary, Edward Edwards, John Jones, and the native woman before mentioned, who was armed with a musket and brace of pistols. The first eight are identified to have been present at the perpetration of the dreadful crimes that marked the progress of that ill spent day, but the affirmation does not so positively extend to Jones. From the same chan- nel of information the incendiaries who set fire to the stacks of Mr. Humphries and Mr. Reardon have also been declared, as well as those who effected the robbery on Mr. Fisk, whose property, we are happy to state, has been in great part recovered. The inquest summoned on the body of the unfortu- nate Carlisle returned a Verdict of Wilful Murder against the above persons, and parties are sent in various directions to run them down. A party of the 73d detachment was upon the 31st ult., close up with a body of them; they found their fires newly extinguished, and the skin of a sheep that had been but recently killed. A party of the 40th was in pursuit of others; and 18 inhabitants of Hobart Town, well armed, were scouring the woods in another direction. All their succours must be now ne - cessarily cut off, and they must either deliver them- selves up, or perish through harrassing and hunger. —In addition to the parties above mentioned, another was formed to pursue the murderers of Carlisle, and led forward by Tooms, who ¡s well acquainted with the intricacies of the woods, and every place of retirement that can afford shelter to the objects of the pursuit. His Honor the LIEU- TENANT GOVERNOR, deriving every possible assistance from the Magistrates and other Officers of the Settlement, has adopted every measure that promised to bring their crimes to a crisis, and them- selves to condign punishment. The necessity of the case imperiously required the establishment of Martial Law, as the lives of the inhabitants were in equal danger with their properties, and on the 25th of April a Proclamation was accordingly is- sued by the Lieutenant Governor, declaring at the same time that Martial Law should continue in force until repealed by a counter Proclamation. This measure will very soon bring the excesses of the banditti to a termination, and by their example we trust others will be hereafter awed from the adoption of their ruinous courses. A previous Proclamation, bearing date the 11th of March, published a Reward of 50 guineas to any person, whether free or bond, who would apprehend a Bush- ranger, and lodge him in safe custody; holding out at the same time the most encouraging prospects of Pardon and Reward to such of the offenders themselves (not personally implicated in any act of felony), as would procure the apprehension of any one or more of his associates. And as it had been represented to His Honor the LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR that the bush-rangers derived much occasional assistance, and indeed all the supplies they stood in need of, from settlers or other fixed inhabitants, the same Proclamation, in taking review of a conduct in itself so highly criminal and unworthy, offered a further reward of 50 guineas to any person giving information that should lead to the conviction of an offender of this heinous class, without whose assistance the desperadoes could not have subsisted in the woods for any length of time. DUKE OF WELLINGTON.—The following list of the gradations through which this gallant Hero has passed in the Army, cannot fail of exciting in the breast of the military Reader the highest gratification. Ensign—73d Foot, March 7, 1787. Lieutenant—76th Foot, December 25, 1787. \-----------------41st Foot, January 27, 1788. \------------------12th Dragoons, June 25, 1780. Captain—58th Foot, June 30, 1791. Brevet Major—18th Dragoons, October 31, 1792. Major—33d Foot, April 30, 1793. Brevet Colonel—March 3, 1796. Lieutenant Colonel—33d Foot, Sept. 30, 1798. Major General—April 29,1802. Knight of the Bath, 1804. Colonel—33d Foot, January 30, 1806. Lieutenant General—April 25, 1808. Commander of the Forces in Spain and Portugal— June 14, 1808. Created Viscount, 1809. Created Conde de Vimiera, 1811. Local Rank of General in Spain and Portugal— July 31, 1811. Created Marquis Wellington, 1812. Colonel—Royal Horse Guards, Jan. 1, 1813. Elected Knight of the Garter, 1813. Field Marshal—June 21, 1813. And now DUKE of WELLINGTON. From a late English Paper we copy the following curious occurrence.—" A short time since a niece of Lord G—, a young lady about twelve or thirteen years of age, rushed out of her chamber in great alarm, exclaiming that she had seen the ghost of a female servant who had lately quitted the family, but who was still living in London. In spite of all the expostulations and arguments used to remove this mental delusion, she persisted in declaring that she invariably saw the same phantom on entering the same chamber, and the terror of its appearance had such an effect upon her nervous system, that it was feared her faculties would become disordered, and it was deemed expedient to consult Sir F. M.— After several ineffectual attempts to dispel the phan- tasy by which she was afflicted, he recommended that the servant whose figure was thus presented to her, should be procured, and placed in the room, in the exact attitude described by the young lady, that by this means she might be convinced of her existence, and be satisfied that the fancied vision was only the coinage of her own brain. This was accordingly done, and the young lady was con- ducted to the chamber, which she had no sooner entered than she uttered a piercing shrink, clasped her hands, and exclaimed "two ghosts! two ghosts!" fell on the floor in a convulsion fit, which in a few hours terminated her existence." 