BRITISH INTELLIGENCE, DOWN TO THE 24th JULY, 1815. We hear that an additional Batch of Knights Commanders of the Bath will immediately make its appearance ; in which will be included all the Generals and Officers commanding brigades at the Battle of Waterloo. A special brevet promotion is expected to take place on the Prince Regent's birth day, of the gallant Officers who survived the sanguinary con flict of Waterloo, now denominated that of La Belle Alliance. Extract of a Letter, dated Brussels, June 23 — " Among those who have fallen, you will learn with poignant regret the fate of Lieut. Colonel Miller, of the Guards. It was only yesterday that I heard the melancholy tidings. He was brought wounded to Brussels, and expired on the follow ing evening, and I am happy to add, without suf fering. In his last mortal scene he displayed the soul and the spirit of a hero. On finding himself wounded, he sent for Col. Thomas.—' Thomas,' said he, ' I feel I am mortally wounded ; I am pleased to think that it is my fate rather than yours, whose life is involved in that of your young wife.' After a pause, said he faintly, ' I should like to see the Colours of the Regiment once more before I quit them for ever.'- [They were brought to him, and waved round his wounded body] — His countenance brightened, he smiled, and declaring himself satisfied, he was carried from the field." It is said in the higher circles, that immediately on the receipt of the account of the battle of La Belle Alliance, the Prince Regent wrote with his own hand a most gracious letter of approbation to the Duke of Wellington. His Grace's acknow ledgments of this distinguished mark of favour is said to have been written under the walls of Paris, in which the Duke, after expressing his thanks, concludes by congratulating his Royal Highness " on having again saved the world." A tribute of praise to his Royal Highness which the whole country is proud to echo, and which could not be paid on a more important occasion than at the moment when the perseverance of his Royal Highness, and the valour of his armies, were about to be crowned by the conquest of the capi tal of France. The Duke of Wellington, by the exemplary forbearance he had shewn, was seen riding about the streets of Paris with a single groom. In the battle of the 18th of June, the command of the remains of the gallant 95th devolved on Volunteer Kellett, every Officer with the regi- ment having been either killed or wounded. A considerable crowd went yesterday (June 30) to the avenue of Neuilly, near the Bois de Bou logne, to see the English army reviewed ; but the Public were disappointed. Some regiments, it is true, were inspected, on which occasion several Generals were present. It is to day that the Duke of Wellington is to review all the English troops that are in Paris and its environs. Friday morning, (July 21), as soon as the news of the surrender of Bonaparte reached the French Ambassador, His Excellency sent an express to the Duchess of Augouleme, at her house at Battersea, when her Highness immediately re- paired to his Excellence's house in Portman- square, where she received the congratulatory visits of the Princess Sophia of Gloucester, the Duchess of Beaufort, Marchioness of Downshire, and a large party of distinction. It is confidently stated, that the principal con ditons of the Treaty, which is to secure the Peace of Europe, are already definitively settled. The territory of France will be maintained in its integrity, and such as it was fixed by the Treaty of Paris. France is to pay, to cover the ex- pences of ihe war, a contribution, in four years ; and the allies are to commence, on the 25th of August, to evacuate the French territory, with the exception of certain corps, who are to pro- long their stay for a fixed period, which will be deemed necessary for the maintenance and solid establishment of public tranquillity. Paris, July 8 — Lord Castlereagh is arrived at the Duke of Wellington's head quarters. He immediately waited on the King of France. We are informed that the King has appointed Prince Talleyrand Minister for Foreien Affairs; and President of the Council of Ministers; the Duke of Otranto, Minister of the Interior; the Duke of Richelieu, Minister of the Marine ; the Duke of Feltre, Minister of War ; Baron Louis, Provisional Minister of the Finances ; Count Lally Tollendahl, Minister of the Houshold ; M. Laine, Vice Chancellor and Keeper of the Seals; and M. D'Ambray, Honorary Chancellor. Lucien and Joseph Bonaparte have departed for England. Madame Bonaparte (the mother), and Madame Hortense, follow the ex Emperor. Cardinal Fesch alone, of this family, remains in Paris, and he sets off to morrow. The Journal de l'Empire mentions the follow- ing persons as composing the suite of Bonaparte, when on his way to Rochfort.-Generals Ber- trand, Savary, Lallemaud, Labedoyere, Mon- tholon, and Gorgan; Colonels Baillon and Des- champs; the Chiefs of Squadron, Morin,Rosigny, and St. Yon; Capt. Pieron, Lieut. Antrie; De- lascase, Chamberlain, and his son; Ste. Cathe- rine, page ; Bathery, Secretary; Coting and Ap- piani, Maitres d'Hotel; Plana, St. Jacques, and Chiappi, with eight or ten domestics. Courier Extraordinary, July 8 —The King entered Paris this day at noon. The National Guard and all the Authorities went to meet him. The two Chambers were shut up at six o'clock, by order of Gen. Desolles. The Emperors of Russia and Austria, and the King of Prussia, will arrive in Paris this evening. Paris, July 17.—Yesterday, about 4 o'clock, a vast concourse of the inhabitants of the capital began to move from different quarters towards the castle of the Thuilleries, which seemed to have been the preconcerted point of junction. The influx of people gradually increased, and the multitude at length became so great that it is no exaggeration to estimate the number at 100,000 individuals, the number of those who at the same time inundated all parts of the garden, and who rushed forward in particular upon the ter- race of the castle, and into the walks and par- terres. A spontaneous and unanimous feeling had given the general rendezvous ; this immense crowd of inhabitants, national soldiers, foreigners, women, children, and persons of all ranks, con- stituting this truly popular festival, was, in some degree, unexpected. Dances, bands of vocal and instrumental music, numerous groupes collected round white flags, incessant acclamations, songs of rejoicing, and reiterated shouts of " Vive le Roi !" produced a most interesting and animated effect during the whole evening, the pleasures of which were greatly heightened by the serenity and mildness of the weather. The fortresses of Charleville has been sacked, and there hardly remains one stone above ano- ther. It drew upon itself this misfortune, by the extravagant conduct of some of the workmen employed in the manufacture of arms, who fired on the Allies, and killed a superior Officer. CORONER'S INQUEST. - On the evening of July the 6th, a Coroner's Inquest was held at No. 3. Dover street. Piccadilly, before W. H. Geil, Esq. on the body of Samuel Whitbread, Esq. who was found dead near to his writing desk, in his dressing room, about ten minutes before ten o'clock on Thursday morning. The evidence of John Weir, who had lived with the deceased for 27 years, in the capacity of butler, went to prove the hour at which he went to bed on the preceding night, the hour of his rising, and the situation in which he was found dead. The Jury, without the slightest hesitation, re- turned a verdict of Insanity. The deceased was seen by the porter coming down from his bed room at the usual hour. He went into his dressing room, whither he was fol- lowed in a few minutes by his servant, who dis- covered his master in a slate, which, from con- siderations unnecessary to be explained, we for- bear to describe. A razor was found near the body. To assign any cause for the rash and deeply lamented act would be worse than idle, after the Coroner's Jury have returned a verdict of Insanity. His amiable Lady and numerous family are inconsolable. The following is a copy of the Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving for the late Victory, which was read on Sunday, July 9th, in all the Churches in England, Scotland, and Ireland :— " O God, the Disposer of all human events, without whose aid the strength of man is weakness, and the counsels of the wisest are as nothing, ac- cept our praise and thanksgiving for the signal victory which thou hast recently vouchsafed to the Allied Armies in Flanders.—Grant, O mer- ciful God, that the result of this mighty battle, terrible in conflict, but glorious beyond example in success, may put an end to the miseries of Europe, and staunch the blood of Nations. Bless, we beseech Thee, the Allied Armies with thy con- tinued favour. Stretch forth thy right hand to help and direct them. Let not the glory of their pro- gres be stained by ambition, nor sullied by re- venge ; but let Thy Holy Spirit support them in danger, controul them in victory, and raise them above all temptation to evil, through Jesus Christ our Lord ; to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, now and for ever, Amen." SYDNEY ; PRINTED BY G. HOWE. 