EXTRACTS FROM LATE LONDON PAPERS. The following was the state of the Navy in Com- mission in May last :-Ships of the line, 25 ; fifties, 7 ; frigates and post ships, 70; sloops of war, schoon- ers, &c;, 104 ; troop ships, 10 :-total 226. The Goliath has been broken up at Chatham, and the Mermaid at Plymouth. The Amaranthe, Bover, Bustard, Cornet, Escort, Intelligent, Papillion, Princess, Rattler- Thisbe, Sar- pea, Transit, Solebay, and Vestal, have been sold out of the service. There are now building at the several dock-yards named, 17 sail of the line, three frigates, and two sloops, viz.-At Portsmouth, Princess Charlotte 98, Carnatic 74, Pitt 74, Patlas 36.-At Plymouth, Britannia 100, London 93, Agincourt 7-1.-At Chatham, Prince Regent 120, Trafalgar 98, For- midable 80, Minotaur 74:.-At Deptford, Hero 74, Russell 74.-At Woolwich, Hawke 74, Thun- derer 74, Lynx 16.-At Bombay, Malabar 74, Melville 74, Trincomalee 38, Seringapatam 38. At Canada, Burlington 74.-At Milford, the Va- lorous 20. His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been graciously pleased to make choice of six Admirals and four Captains, as his Naval Aides-de-Camp.-The Honorable Rear Admiral Henry Blackwood is one of the distinguished Officers upon whom this honor has fallen. There are no arrangements with which we feel more satisfaction than those which tend to iden- tify in interest and favor those two branches of our National pride-the Navy and the Army. It is said, that Lieutenant General Lord Comber- mere is appointed to command the cavalry, and Lord Hill the infantry, destined to remain in France. Lieutenant Generals Cole, Clinton, and Colville, will each command divisions ; and Major Generals Bris- bane, Bradford, Kemp, Keane, Pack, Power, Lambert, Maitland, and O'Callaghan, will each command brigades. The Vice Royalty of Ireland has been offered to the Dukes of Wellington and Rutland, and Earl Powis – -and they have declined accepting it. The Duke of Wellington has received another addi- tion to his splendid honours, which is to be accompa nied with a reward of a more substantial description. The Order of the Holy Ghost (the highest in the Old Monarchy) is said to have been conferred upon His Grace by Louis XVIll ; and the estate of Grosbois is to be disposed of in favour of our gallant Country- man. The King of Naples has lately given a diamond necklace and some of Murat's jewels to the Virgin Mary! The King of Naples, has complimented Lord Bur- gersh with the Royal Order of St. Ferdinand and of Merit, set in diamonds, in consideration of his services at that Court. A variety of accounts from Spain have lately been received indicative only of the rapid growth of des- potism and degradation, blended with the silent mur- murs of an oppressed people, fully sensible of their wrongs. The new Court instituted by Ferdinand to try the Liberales proceeds apace. . Ruiz Padrón, the Clergyman who made so brilliant and solid a speech in the late Cortes in favour of "the abolition of the Inqui- sition, has been, on this account, condemned to perpe- tual imprisonment ; Martinez de la Rosa, also a Mem- ber of the late Cortes, to ten years' hard labour ; and Lopez, generally called El Cojo de Malaga, to the same for four years; but, as a special favour, he has been allowed to commute his punishment for a sum of money. It is stated under the head of Rome, that a decision of his Holiness relative to the form of proceedings in the Inquisition, has forbid the application of the torture to the accused. This decision has been officially communicated to the Court of Spain, as a hint to follow the example. The most hideous feature of this horrid Tribunal is thus effaced : but it is a disgrace to the age that any part of it should continue to exist. A pamphlet has been published at Paris, the object of which is to recommend the expulsion of the present King of Sweden, with his adopted son the Crown Prince, and the restoration of the Ex-King Gustuvus Adolphus, now on a visit to the Holy Land, under the title of Count Gottorp. The writer of this pamphlet, addressing himself to the nation, says - "Sweden; arise ! boldly complain of your just affliction while it is yet time : tear the act of abdication which grief wrung from the hands of your King, pronounce the oath of a new alliance, and become again what you were under a government essential, just, and paternal." A Greek Literary Society has recently been esta- blished at Athens, composed of very distinguished scholars of that country, and of illustrious Europeans; Many ecclesiastics are members; and the meetings take place once a week in a monastery. Anecdote of the Due de Feltre.-Lavalette had been for many years his intimate friend. Mindful of the political tenets of the Minister, he abstained du- ring his trial from any personal appeal to him, nor would he suffer him to be interrogated concerning the habits of his former life. While under condemna- tion he preserved the same silence. A few days pre- vious lo his escape he wrote to the Duke ; his letter was short, and breathed a deep spirit of resignation and courage. He implored his friend, by the recol- lection of their former ties, not to suffer him to perish by the vile hands of the executioner, but to procure for him an order to be shot. The Minister, profoundly agitated, hastened to the Royal presence, and throw- ing himself at the feet of His Majesty, solicited mercy for his friend. The King refused. The affliction of the Duke, though one of the most zealous Royalists in France, was said to have been excessive. A dreadful instance of parricide has taken place near Versaiiles. The culprit conceived the horrid de- sign in consequence of being excluded from bequest in his father's will. He first designed to effect his horrid purpose by poison ; but having dropped some expressions which excited suspicion, a warning was given to the unfortunate parent, who, however, con- tented himself with reproaching and remonstrating with the wretch. This had only the effect of inducing a more cautious system of proceeding in the guilty purpose. The son pretended to remove his residence to St. Leu, some distance from his father's house, in the vale of Montmorency ; but he came in the night, and perpetrated the horrid deed by plunging a knife in the father's bosom, as he lay asleep. He returned the next day, visited the dreadful scene, and went thence to make a declaration before the magistrates of being wholly innccent. But strong circumstances appearing to criminate him, he was seized, brought to trial, and fully convicted. His conduct during the trial, and on receiving the declaration of his guilt,, and the consequent sentence, was hardened and un- feeling. That highly respectable Judge, Sir Simon Le Blanc died at his house in Bedford Square, on the 15th of April last. 