To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, I beg leave to resume the subject of my former letters on the best method of improving the condi- tion of the poor. Of all the articles of food, animal matter contains the greatest quantity of nourishment in a given weight. It is true that a large proportion of the poor are unable to purchase much of it ; but by adopting some of the plans to be pointed out, small as their finances may be, they will be able to procure a portion of it. It is a remarkable circumstance, that the fisheries appear to be (speaking by comparison) very considerably neglected on this coast :—no regular system has ever been established to obtain a constant supply of this most valuable description of food, abundant as it is on all the Coasts of this Territory : most of the fish we find here abound in gelatine, a substance highly nourishing, and which, under the form of isinglass, is used as a restorative when sub- stances easy of digestion are required; the policy of creating a great consumption of fish has been fre- quently proved in a national point of view in the mother country, and it was very clearly seen in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. At the Reformation, ab- stinence from flesh was still enjoined on all the Fridays and Saturdays in the year, and on other days called fish days; but these injunctions were accompanied by an express declaration that they proceeded from no religious consideration, but from a mere measure of policy in order to promote the consumption of fish, and with a view of giving employment to our islanders in a maritime capacity. The prejudice which exists among many of the poor against fish arises from their being ignorant of its value, and many of them pro- bably having been unaccustomed to it at home. But if persons of opulence would set the example of in- troducing a larger proportion of fish food at their tables, it would have considerable effect in removing these prejudices. In Spain and Italy, salted fish is boiled with a small piece of fat bacon, which gives it a savory taste; and a kind of sauce from the fat of the bacon, to which a little rice is added, and which makes very palatable and nutritious food. Maize or Indian Corn is also in great use in those countries, and it is obvious to every person who may have been where this most wholesome and nourishing substance is much consumed, how little its value is-understood here ; a certain disagreeable, raw taste, which is the only objection to this valuable article, is effectually removed by boiling it two or three hours over a slow fire ; there are several methods of preparing it for food, but the following is perhaps one of the best : a quantity of water proportioned to the quantity of food intended to be prepared, is put over the fire in an open iron pot or kettle, and a proper quantity of salt sufficient for seasoning the same being dissolved in the water, Indian Corn Meal is stirred into it, little by little, while the water goes on to be heated and made to boil; great care being taken to put in the meal in small quantities so as to prevent lumps :—this operation is continued for a couple of hours, when the mass having obtained a sufficient consistency, it is taken out, moulded into cakes, and baked in the embers. It produces excellent bread, and there are several provinces in Spain in which little other is made use of. The aborigines of North America having no mills, by a very ingenious process, worthy imitation, make their corn into bread in the following manner :-this preparation is called samp. It is Indian Com deprived of its external coat, by soaking it ten or twelve hours in a lixivium of water and wood ashes; the coat or husk being separated from the kernel, rises to the surface of the water, while the grain which is speci- ficaily heavier than water remains at the bottom of the vessel; the gram thus deprived of its hard coat of armour is boiled, or rather simmered for a great length of time (twelve hours for instance in a kettle of water placed near the fire. When sufficiently cooked, the kernels will be found swelled to a great size and burst open ; and this food, which is uncom- monly sweet and nourishing, may be used in a variety of ways; and being quite as palatable as bread, is certainly a most important addition to the general food of man. It would be a very considerable point gained, if the poor could be convinced that the money they lay out in tea might (as is certainly the fact), be made to contribute much more essentially to their comfort, it is astonishing with what avidity the very poorest person will expend the few pence they may happen to obtain from their avocations in that deleterious production; and it is a well known fact, that the small shopkeepers in this town receive considerable sums by the sale of small quantities of tea and sugar to persons who perhaps have little animal food ex- cepting upon particular occasion ; the cost of a meal of tea and sugar sufficient for three or four persons can, even if of the commonest materials, seldom be calculated at less than five-pence—to say nothing of the price of the bread necessary to complete the meal ; whilst for this sum, a much more nutritious and pa- latable repast could be provided, if once the pernicious habit of tea drinking could be exploded. For instance, half a pound of meat (beef or pork) cut small, 2 lbs, of potatoes pared and also cut small, an onion, and a few pot herbs if they can be obtained, boiled gently in two quarts of water, and a pound of Indian Corn Meal added to thicken it, with the addition of a little salt, will provide a meal for three or four persons, in- finitely more nourishing and at less expence than the usual dose of tea and bread. The advantages to be derived by the poor from the adoption of the plans here proposed are sufficiently obvious; but it unfortunately happens that they who from their circumstances stand the most in need of management and economy are too often the greatest strangers to it:-the lower orders of people have pre. jiidices which it is difficult to remove, but which however experience has shewn/ not to be unsnrmount able. In the " annals of agriculture/' a very long and detailed account is given by Sir William Pulteney, of a Shropshire Cottager, who, with a wife and six children occupied one acre ten perches of land, upon which, principally by the labour of his wife, the man being employed elsewhere, were r_*:scd annually 15 statute bushel of wheat, and 140 bushels of potatoes of 80 lbs. to the bushel, over and above the seed ; and from which was supported and fatted a hog of 300 lbs. weight. In this case the odd ten perches were cul- tivated for girden vegetables; and the acre in two division?-, wheat and polatoes alternately, half an acre <\3ch ; the manure produced by the hog, by means of the wheat straw and potato stalks, being sufficient to support the ciops. The wheat was soviu by the wo- man upon'the following pian :-in autumn when the potatoes were fit to take up, she daily in the morning marked oui the work of one day on the potato ground, fiom which she first cleared oil'the potato tops and stilks; this served to litter the pig and make manure. She then sowed that spot with wheat, and proceeded to take up the potatoes ; the seed was properly covered by that operation, and the wheat crop succeeded equally well, or better thus than in any other way. In this system, an acre of land produces annually 15 bushels of wheat, which, if of 60 lbs weight per bushel will give near 1000 lbs. of bread ; and potatoes 110 bushels (bevides seed for next year) at 80 lbs. to the bushel, 11,200 lbs.-this produce is probably more than the average, but it may certainly be ob- tained upon land well managed and "kept clean from "weeds, which, m this case was done by the wife and children :-a clean crop of potatoes being one of the btst preparations for wheat, which is found gene- rally to flourish afterwards. I now come to that valuable root, the potato, which I shall continue in your next number; and 1 am, Sir, Yours, &c.; Civis. The following, copied from a lately arrived Calcutta Paper, is stated to be the Estimate of the probable Annual Expenceof the Island of St. Helena, during the period of its continuing to be the residence of Napoiean Bonaparte, and his suite : Total charge..-..¿117,854 15 4 Deduct a\erage annual e.vpence of the garrison At St. Helena, previous to f -« "«¿ Q « its becoming the residence of Na- ^ '' l poieon Bonaparte. ^37,471 15 4 The whole expence of the squadron on the station is 131,2751.9s. per annum; the expenceof that part which would, if Lhere were no St. Helena squadron, be restored to the India station and employed in per- forming the ordiiiary duties of the Cape of Í rood Hope station, including the Mauritius, &c.; is 76,7121. 1 -is. Id. which being deducted from the first-sum, leaves 54,5621. 15s. lid. as the expence of the St. Helena squadron. WAR OFFICE, FEB. -23.-The Prince Regent, in the name and on the behalf of His Majesty, has. been pleased to direct, that the battalions of the 95th regi- ment shall in future be styled "the Rifle brigade," and that it be taken out of the numbered regiments of the line. His Royal Highness has also been pleased to direct, that the number of the following corps shall accord- ingly be altered ;viz. The 96th regiment to be numbered the 95th regiment. The 97th (or Queen's Own) to be numbered the 96th (or Queen's Own). The 98th regiment to be numbered the 97th regiment. The 99th regiment tobe numbered to 98th, retaining the title of the Prince of Wales's Tipperary re- giment. The 100th regiment to be numbered the 99th, re- taining the title of the Prince Regent's County of Dublin regiment. The 102d regiment to be numbered the 100th regt. The following humourous story of a SKILFUL DOC- TOR is related by a French writer. A lover, whose mistress was dangerously ill, sought every where for a skilful physician, in whom he could place confidence, and to whose care he might confide a life so dear to him. In the course of his search, he met with a man possessed of a talisman, by the aid of which spirits might be rendered visible. The young man exchang- ed for this talisman half his possessions; and, having secured his treasure, ran with it to the house of a fa- mous physician. Flocking round the door he beheld a crowd of shades, the ghosts of those persons whom the physician had killed. The same vision presented itself, more or less, at the houses of every physician of eminence in the city. One at length was pointed out to him in a distant quarter of the town, at whose door he only perceived two little ghosts. " Behold," exclaimed he, " with a joyful cry, the good physician of whom I have so long been in search!" The doctor, astonished, asked how he had been able to discover this? "Pardon me," said the afflicted lover, com- placently, "your ability and your reputation are well- known to me." "My reputation! why I have been in the city but eight days, and in that time I have had but two patients." 