CURIOUS MENTION OP THE DEATH OF THE LATE LORD LYTTLETON. (Copied from an esteemed Memoir). "Whilst The World was in being, the house in which Mr. Topham and I resided, in Beaufort buildings, was the constant resort of men of high literary cha- racter ; and, among the number, we had the pleasure of reckoning Miles Peter Andrews, Esq. who had been the friend of Mr. Topham from his youth. I should not have introduced his name in these pa- ges, it being somewhat extraneous to my subject, but to mention a circumstance that I heard from himself ; which, as I ever knew him to be a man of veracity and strict honour, I have every reason to believe true; and ab it explains some circumstances respecting the death of the late Lord Lyttclton (Mr. Andrews's intimate companion for several years) never before made known to the public, it may not be deemed uninteresting. A few nights previous to Lord Lyttelton's demise (as mentioned in his biography attached to his poems), soon after he had got into bed he saw a female at the foot of it. with a "dove in her hand, and beautifully arrayed in white, who told him, in a very impressive manner, to prepare himself for death, as the third night from that, exactly at twelve o'clock, he should depart this life ! His Lordship, who had ever led a very gay life, conceiving it was some female who had got into his room, and had said so merely to jest with him, jumped out of bed; but, to his astonii-hmeut, found the door fast, and no person in the room except his valet, who was fast asleep in a rece.-s, where he always lay. Greatly alarmed at the circumstance, it made a deep impression upon him, and he determined to put off a visit he was to hare paid Mr. Andrews that very week; and the night which the spectre prescribed as his last, was the\ery one he was expected to sleep at Dartford. On the fatal evening his Lordship had se veral of his friends about him, who amused themselves with looking at the family pictures till the hour of twelve arrived. As some oi them regarded it a phantom of his Lordship'* brain, they privately put the clock forward a few minutes. As soon as it struck, he turned round to^allwho were about him, and said, '." You see, I have cheated the ghost !"-Upon which lie went up to bed, and his valet brought him some trifling medicine to take, but had forgotten a spoon to stir it: he sent him down for one; and, on his return, found him actually a corpse on the bed ! He looked at his Lordship's fine stop-watch, and found the hands exactly at the stroke of twelve o'clock. Mr, Andrews finding his Lordship did not come down ow the day he promised, which was the very one on which he died, could not imagine the reason of it, and had retired to rest somewhat before twelve. He had not been long lying down when the curtains at the foot of the bed were drawn open, and he saw his Lordship standing before him, in a large figured morn- ing-gown which always remained in the house for his Lordship's sole use. Mr. Andrews conceiving that his Lordship had arrived after he had retired, as he so positively expected him on that day, said to him, " My Lord, you are at some of your tricks j go to your bed, or I will throw something at you." The answer he re- turned was-" Ii is ali over with me, Andrews!*' and instantly disappeared. As there was a large clothes press at the foot of the bed, he conceived his Lordship had got into it, and ro^e to see ; but he did not find him there. He next examined the night-bolt on the door, and fouud it fast; and he saw by the candle he had not been long in bed, or he might otherwise have conceived it a dream. He rung his bell, and enquired of his servants where Lord Lyttelton was ? they said they had not seen him. The night-gown was next sought for, and found in its usual place. Mr. Andrews knew not of his Lordship's death till next day, when letters from London announced it to have taken place exactly at twelve o'clock the night before. As must naturally be supposed, the circumstance and the loss of his friend made a very great impression upon Mr. Andrews, and affected him for some months after, as he is positive to his being awake at the time it happen- ed, and of the appearance of the phantom. Upon taking an impartial view of the business :-The circumstances connected with Lord Lyttelton's death are on record, well authenticated by people of honour, veracity, and high rank; and that he died at the exact hour of twelve is beyond a doubt. With respect to Mr. Andrews, he is a man of a strong mind, stored with the most elegant accomplishments which litera- ture, a refined education, and a good understanding, could give it; his character as a man of honour and oí truth has never been impeached ; while his ample for- tune has placed him above the petty cavils or petty ne- cessities of chequered life; therefore, under buch circumstances, we can have no reason to suspect Mr. Andrews of telling any thing but what he really saw. But this I solemnly protest: he mentioned the occur- rence to me athis own table, in his own house, and in the presence of Mr. Topham. Whether Lord Lyttelton's death is to be attributed to a divine source or not I cannot pretend to deter- mine; but many people suppose, as he was found with h s watch in his band after his death, and by it, it wa* exactly twelve, the idea of. the time not being past which was ordained to finish his exigence gave him such a shock aa to cause his immediate death from the fright." 