BRITISH EXTRACTS. POLAR EXPEDITION. —The new expedi- tion to the arctic regions is undertaken for the purpose of satisfying the world whether the assertions of Captain Ross, or of the officer who has published his narrative in the journal of voyages and travels, are best founded. The former asserts, that Whale Sound and Lancas- ter Sound were closed by land ; while the other asserts, that no land was visible to him, and that those sounds are open channels, or, at least, were not proved to be closed. DUKE OF KENT.—To the satisfaction which his Royal Highness must enjoy at having his Royal Infant born in England, must be added, that of its being born on the birth day of our revered Sovereign. The 24th of May, the day on which the Duke of Kent's child was born, is actually the birth day of the King, which was transferred to the 4th June, from the change that took place from old to new style. The Duchess continues to suckle the infant, which thrives most favourably. On Thursday week the private christening of the Infant Princess, daughter of the Duke, and Duchess of Kent, took place at Kensing- ton Palace. The Infant Princess was named Alexandrina Victoria. While the 7th Hussars lately passed by the Marquis of Angleson's seat near Litchfield, on their route to Manchester, they were enter- tained by the Marquis at his mansion with good old England cheer. Whilst the soldiers were parading on the lawn in front of the house, immediately before their departure, a some- what singular appearance presented itself in the persons of the Marquis, his brother (a Captain in the Navy), Lord Uxbridge (the Marquis' son), and the daughter of the Marquis. The first wanted a leg, which he lost at Waterloo ; the Captain an arm ; the Noble Lord Uxbridge was on crutches, being wounded in the knee ; and the fair lady was minus her right hand, which she lost while attending her husband at one of the battles in Spain. EULOGIES ON SIR S. ROMILLY.—Messi- eurs the Duc de Broglic, Voyer d'Argenson, Bignon, Dupont de l'Eure, La Fayette, Martin du Gray, B. de Constant, Etienne, Jouy, Lacretelle, &c;, had, it seems, intended to celebrate a solemn service in the Protestant Church, to the memory of Sir Samuel Romilly ; but the ministers of that religion represented that their dogmas were inconsistant with such ceremonies. In consequence of this, the Li- beraux have determined that an eulogy on his talents and virtues shall be pronounced by one of their members, M. Say, in a public hall, to which the friends of justice, freedom, and hu- manity, of all nations shall be invited. It is not only the friends of the liberty of the press who are thus resolved to commemorate the vir- tues of this celebrated friend of his species, and to spread some flowers on his tomb, but the Atheneum also has invited M. Benjamin de Constant, one of its members, to pronounce, at the opening of its session, an oration on the philanthropist and patriot, the loss of whom England and the enlightened world regret. During the voyage of discovery last year to Baffin's Bay, a bottle was thrown into the sea from the Alexander, Lieut. Parry, on the 24th May, when that ship was off Cape Farewell. It contained the latitude and longitude she was then in. About two months since the bottle was found on the island of Bartragh, in Killala- bay, and an account of it forwarded to the Ad- miralty. It is supposed it must have floated at about the rate of eight miles per day across the Atlantic. Lord NORBURY, the Irish Judge, is ad- mitted to be one of the greatest wits of the present age. As he was lately riding in the Phoenix Park, at Dublin, he met with Mr. Pepper, who was mounted on an uncommonly fine looking horse. His Lordship admired the animal, and complimented Mr. Pepper on possessing him ; Mr. P. said he was certainly a horse of perfect symmetry, but he had a bad trick, he had thrown him off two or three times. Before they separated, Mr. Pepper said he had not yet given his horse a name, and as his Lordship was known to be quick in most matters, he would thank him to name the animal he so much admired. His Lordship instantly replied, that the proper name for this horse was unquestionably. Pepper Caster. A Philadelphia Paper has the following par- agraph :— AMERICAN ARTISTS GOING TO EUROPE. —It is stated in the papers that Messrs Perkins and Topper, of Newbury Port, Massachusets, lately passed through New London, Connecti- cut, on their way to London. Mr. Fairman, Engraver, of Philadelphia, goes out with these gentlemen. They are to be employed in engraving for the Bank of Eng- gland. From the specimens of their abilities which have been exhibited in London, Mr. Ragst, it is stated, has advanced them 5,000l. sterling, and if they succeed in their business, they are to receive in addition 100,000l. A little girl, about 11 years old, appeared on the London Royal Exchange on Friday week, and made some very extraordinary calculations in figures by her head only. Several gentlemen asked her some most intricate questions, and while they were calculating on paper, she gave a correct answer ; She was asked to multiply 525,600 by 250, which she did in one minute, and answered 657,000,000 ; again, if a man was 42 years old, how many minutes was he ? Answer, 22,075,200. She was then desired to multiply 525,600 by 450 ; answer, 236,520, 000\. Several other questions equally difficult were put, all of which she answered very cor- rectly. She says she can neither read nor write, that her name is Heywood, and is the daughter of a weaver, living in Mile End New Town. She was rewarded with several small sums by the gentlemen present. The Gazette of Saturday night (the 17th Oct. 1818) contains an advertisement, announ- cing to the creditors BOYLE and Co. late of Love-lane, East-cheap, who were bankrupts in the year 1772, being a lapse of forty-six years, that they, or their legal representatives, may receive the full amount of their respective debts. The total amount advertised is about five thousand five hundred pounds. The lowest sum mentioned is a glover's bill for 5s. 4d. ; the largest a banker, 920l. The list of credi- tors enumerates a curious medley of professions, viz. Snuff-merchants, tailors, haberdashers, shoe-makers, &c.; ; and one debt is due to a Mr. Shakespeare, Alderman of the city of Lon- don, merchant. BRICK-MAKING.—A machine has been in- vented in America, by which, it is said, 2000 bricks can be made per hour, ready to be put immediately into the kiln, much neater and more compactly formed than is practicable in the common mode ; and which completely su- persedes the tedious process of preparing clay, by cutting and making it of the consistence of mortar. ANECDOTE OF THE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA. —A great Sovereign, (says a correspondent to one of the French papers), in proceeding from Sedan to Paris, travelled in a plain berline de voyage. A young peasant, who had mistaken his carriage for that of his suite, climbed up behind, at some leagues from the city. The august traveller ordered his carriage to stop, and asked his travelling companion why he mounted behind, " Sir," said he, " I wish to go to Sedan, to see the Emperor Alexander." " And why do you wish to see the Emperor !" " Because,'' said he, ''my parents have told me that he loves Frenchmen ; I wish therefore, to see him for once," "Very well, my good fellow, '' said Alexander, "you now see him; I am the Emperor.'' The child, in confusion and terror, began to cry, and after stammering out an escuse was preparing to descend to pursue his journey on foot, The Emperor, desired him to remain, saying, we shall go to- gether. When they arrived at the city, the Emperor requested him to call at his hotel. The youth did so. The Emperor asked if he wished to go to Russia? "With pleasure," replied the boy, " Well," said he, '' since Providence his given you to me, I shall take care of your fortune." The youth went away on the following day in the suite of the Em- peror. ANECDOTE.—A farmer had a dispute with the Dean and Chapter of ------. The body stood out resolutely for an oppressive rent, but the farmer was on excellent terms with all individually, and they would not injure him for the world. He had his friends to a sumptuous dinner, and pleased them with excellent wines. These they applauded to the echo.—" Well.'' quoth the farmer, " Since you approve so much of each of my wines separately, I am sure they must be excellent mixed;" and so he jumbled the port, and the Sherry, and the hock, and the Madeira, and the Constantia, and the claret, all together, and filled the glasses of the guests. The beverage was an abomination, and they made mouths, and spat and sputtered, as much as good breeding would permit, in persons so dignified as Dean and Chapter. This was what the waggish entertainer expected ; and, rising up, he addressed them—" Gentlemen, like my wines, you are all good men apart, and my very best fiends ; but when you are mixed together in one body, you are so bad there is no bearing of you."—The story had its effect, and the farmer had his lease renewed on fair terms. A pony, the property of Mrs. Halt, of Chur- ton, near Chester, died lately, at the advanced age of forty-four years. SPECIMENS OF MR. CURRAN'S SON MOTS.' Mr. Curran was engaged in a legal argument —behind him stood his colleague, a gentleman whose person was remarkably tall and slender, and who had originally designed to take orders. The judge observing that the case under discus- sion involved a question of ecclesiastical law.— "Then," said Mr. Curran, ''I can refer your Lordship to a high authority behind me, who was once intended for the church, though (in a whisper to a friend beside him) in my opinion he was fitter for the steeple." An officer of one of the Courts, named Half- penny, having frequently interrupted Mr. Curran, the Judge peremptorily ordered him to be silent, and sit down. " I thank your Lordship," said the Counsel, "for having at length nailed that rap to the counter." " I can't tell you, Curran," observed an Irish nobleman, who had voted for the Union, how frightful our old House of Commons appears to me." "Ah! my Lord," replied the other, "it is only natural for murderers to be afraid of ghosts." 