Sydney. Assize of Bread, the Loaf of Two Pounds, 4½d. Holiday at the Bank on Monday next. Average Prices of Articles at yesterday's market: -- Wheat 6s. 10¼d. per bushel ; maize 6s. per ditto ; barley 4s. 6d. per ditto; potatoes 4s. 6d. per cwt ; eggs 2s. 6d. per dozen ; butter 2s. 6d. per lb. fowls 3s. 6d. per couple. TO THE PUBLIC. This Printer of this Paper, arrived in the ship Royal Admiral (2d) in the month of November 1800\. He was immediately brought into public employment by the choice of His Excellency Go- vernor King, as Printer to His Majesty's Govern- ment. The Sydney Gazette commenced printing on the 5th of March, 1803; its commencement was under the present Printer, who had enough to do to support it, for it supported not him ; and the first ten years of the Paper was indeed a time of vi- cissitude. He bought the Paper at a very dear price ; he distributed his type; he invented and ob- tained new matter without any auxiliary assistance; he worked the Paper off at press ; and he afterwards carried it out, that is to say, delivered it to the Syd- ney Subscribers. A Paper in England, under 700 in number, is sensibly a losing concern ; and what must be a Paper here within half the number, and half of that unpaid for, but as an untrodden field we have gently, for 17 years, traced through the track of the wilderness. Innumerable Gentlemen have borne testimony to our hardships; and the Printing Business, in this Colony, may undoubtedly be said to have been uniformly struggling against adversity. That time may put an end to the perpe- tuation of so discouraging a condition we look for- ward to. To those noble Friends to the Press, who are kind enough to encourage and support us, we throw down the gaud of true thanksgiving ; for if the Printing Business may be deemed worthy of sup- port m any part of the world, here is its utmost claim. We have au infant population, to whom the benevolence of Government has extended itself in a very superior degree ; and in whose favour the heart of the philanthropist has shed its brightest rays ; but now we come to our own affair :-- Our Reader will expect from us a Christmas Box, which will consist of a billet doux, nominating pounds, shil- lings, and pence, for an attention to which we shall ever esteem ourselves most gratefully obliged. The adjunct of this Christmas Box is to be the most sensitive feeling which the human heart can possibly conceive towards its Benefactor-- A LIBE- RAL AND BENEVOLENT PUBLIC. --To the Youth of the Colony we present a Christmas Box, in the wish that they may rise in virtue ; and in the love of their parent home, Great Britain.--To the Cultiva- tors of the Soil we respectfully beg leave to present a wish that their crops may flourish , and afford them the means of happiness and comfort.-To the Tra- der we present a wish that his commercial inter- courses may succeed. To the Merchant we wish success to the operations of his enterprising spirit ; and to the King and Prince Regent a loval health, with three times three ! ! ! This Day being Christmas Day, Divine Service will be performed in the various Churches and Places of Worship throughout the Territory. Mr. Riley's Party.—We do not recollect since the establishment of the Colony a more pleasant or agreeable party than the dinner, ball, and supper last Monday at Mr. Riley's. The urbanity and unwearied attention of the host, together with the sumptuous and superabundant delicacies of the entertainment, have we believe been seldom if ever exceeded. At about six o'clock the party, consisting of 69 persons, sat down to the festive board: the walls of the dining room were decorated with inscriptions indicative of the feelings of the inhabitants of Sydney respecting their French visitors; and in the toasts and sentiments given after dinner, the greatness of soul of two rival nations was fully evinced ; in fact, the officers of the corvette L'Uranie seemed really affected by the flattering kindness and attention that had been shewn them during their sojourn here. At about nine o'clock the company recollected that their presence was expected by their fair visitors, and that moment fully evinced the triumph of Venus over Bacchus ; and nothing could deter the company from repairing to those in whose society alone true delight reposes. They retired to the dancing room, where the Guardian Genius of Sydney seemed to have culled its choicest sweets to grace the " mazy dance." We have in vain endeavoured to collect from the author of this para- graph the particular excellencies of the female band ; sufficient be it to say, that where all were amiable, to form distinctions would be invidious. We regret to observe, that the presence of the amiable hostess was wanting; indisposition, we understand, was the cause of her absence ; but we are sure that every person who can appreciate real merit will wish for a speedy re- establishment of her health. Bench of Magistrates.—On Tuesday last Joseph Richardson and Thomas Jennings, both prisoners under sentence of transportation for life, underwent a final examination ; the former being charged with "breaking and entering the quarters of Lieutenant Wilson, of the 53d, and taking therefrom a quantity of wearing apparel and other articles ; and the latter with being the perpetrator of the robbery at the residence of Captain Freycinet, on Bunker's Hill, from whence sundry articles of plate, &c.; were stolen.—Several ex- aminations had taken place on the subject of these & other recent robberies ; and the Police had no small difficulty in discovering the perpetrators, which, by means of its customary vigilance, has at length been effected.—The prisoners were, upon the most ample testimony, declared guilty of the crimes alledged against them ; and were sentenced to be transported to His Majesty's Settlement at Newcastle for the remainder of their terms of transportation—life. By Papers to August last, received from England, we learn that Parliament has opened this port for ves- sels of any number of tons burthen ; has taken off the new duty of 6d. per lb. as to wool imported from this Colony for three years ; and has imposed the present rates of colonial duty upon wine, spirits, and tobacco only, for the ensuing year ; that the Chief Baron of Scotland having resigned, Mr Samuel Shepherd has received that appointment ; Sir Robert Gifford being promoted to the office of Attorney General, and Mr. Serjeant Copley being made Solicitor General ; and that Professor Playfair is dead. These papers give an unpleasant view of the state of popular clamour for annual parliaments and universal suffrage both in London and in the provinces. Immense meetings have been held in Manchester and Smithfield. The inhabitants of Birmingham having no Member, have taken upon themselves to elect an Agent (Sir C. Worsley) to represent their grievances to the House of Commons. A proclamation to exhort to tranquillity has been made in His Majesty's name. No riots had taken place in London ; but in the country several lives had been sacrificed to " the madness of the people." Hoaxing.— This term is applied to those frauds which are creative of much loss to those they are aimed at, and of no profit to those who do the mis- chief ; and the London accounts of these delusions, which are similar in their intent, though interwoven with greater mischiefs than the trivial jests passed upon the first of April, are more of a thrilling than a pleasant nature.— A gentleman displeased at the im- portunity of his taylor, who resided in a court in Wych-street, and was esteemed, got a report to be circulated that his house was haunted ; and the malice of the report corresponding with its design, the court was for several weeks like a common fair, and every body that passed in or out was stared at with amaze- ment by the spectators, who either considered that those going in were in danger of being devoured by the ghosts ; or that those who came out had had a mi- raculous escape. The Hoax in a street leading into Oxford-street has also come before us :— Upwards of 200 upholsterers were upon this memorable occasion ordered to produce a costly furnishment to a house (which happened to be occupied by a miserable usurer and money-lender) for the immediate reception of a family of the first consequence returning home from a long tour. The strange jumble of carts and waggons which occupied the scene of confusion upon the day appointed drew a mob of spectators about, which to the amateurs of this species of amusement no doubt contributed excessively to hilarity and mirth. The unfortuate miser kept few if any servants, and was obliged to answer the door himself ; and if he did not come quick, the unladings commenced ; so that in a short time the exhibition of furniture in and out of carts and waggons, trucks, and trays, was won- derful ; the parlours and the passage were all clogged, and with a voice deriving strength from the apprehen- sion of danger from the law, he told the people it was'nt him ; that the Number of the house must have been mistaken ; and that he had scarcely three sound chairs in all the premises. Upon which last ex- pression the clerks and carters considered him some poor pensioner upon bounty who had lost his wits, and there being no further opposition, they filled the house from top to bottom, leaving nothing but the staircase vacant. He determined at length to answer no more knocks ; but this was in vain ; for the lovers of sport, entering into the zest of the hoax, were assem- bled, and would be admitted. The thundering at the door was of compulsion to be answered from the area, and many a poor broker had his goods with which he purposely provided himself, returned upon his hands. Another report of a hoax informs us, that from a high family in a great square commands were propa- gated to all the principal undertakers to furnish a coffin each, and provide for the funeral of a young gentleman of fortune : the coffins were provided, with cards descriptive of their capacity to bury the dead in style ; and when 20 or 30 coffins were laid down before the door, one of the undertakers, clapping his hands together, vehemently enquired if the whole family were dead ? To this Colony has this facetious ribaldry extended itself. A merry fellow wrote up to a family at Rich- mond, pressing their immediate coming to Sydney to participate in the intended festival at a daughter's christening. The good people, man, wife, a son and daughter, came accordingly the day before the ap- pointment, and went in as invited guests; they were tolerably received ; dined, and so forth ; they made themselves comfortable and familiar, and making no provision for other lodgings, the explanation came out at midnight, when the letter of invitation was exhi- bited ; no child was then to be christened, and all was but a hoax ; which had nevertheless put the Hawkes- bury family to an unaffordable expence ; the Sydney family to the stare ; and terminates in nothing but a laugh to its contrivers.— With innocent mirth the Sage will not find fault ; but it must be innoxious, or he will find fault ; and as the propagater of a mischief endeavours always to conceal himself, it is evident that he is either afraid or ashamed of his device. If dis- covered, he becomes odious to the injured or insulted parties, and despicable to all the rest of his acquain- tance, with whom his veracity is ever held in doubt, and all his future assertions or asseverations treated with as much esteem and confidence as the jabberings of a Guinea monkey. 