Sydney. Assize of Bread, the Loaf of Two Pounds, 5d. Average Prices of Articles at yesterday's market:— Wheat 7s. 8½d. per bushel ; maize 6s. 6d. per ditto; barley 5s. per ditto ; potatoes 4s. 6d. per cwt ; eggs 2s. 6d. per dozen ; butter 2s. 6d. per lb. fowls 3s. 9d. per couple._ HIS EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR and COMMANDER in CHIEF, accompanied by Mrs. Macquarie, arrived in Town from Parramatta this morning. The Annual Assemblage of the Native Tribes under their respective Chiefs took place at Parramatta on Tuesday last (the 28th of December), agreeably to the invitation of HIS EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR. This meeting was not altogether so numerously attended as on the former occasion, owing, as was reported by the natives themselves, to the excessive heat of the weather, which had prevented several of those belonging to the more remote tribes from proceeding on their journey.—We noticed, however, some tribes who had travelled from far distant parts, whose general appearance and peculiar style of ornaments distinguished them from those inhabiting the country on this side the Rivers Hawkesbury and Nepean. There were altogether between 240 and 250 of different tribes, ages, and sexes, who were abundantly regaled with roast and boiled beef, bread, potatoes, puddings, and plum cakes, diluted with a proper proportion of spirits made into punch. The interest universally excited in behalf of these unoffending children of nature, rendered the present assemblage a scene eminently entitled to the colourings in description which a humane heart, under the guidance of an able head, would be willing to afford it. The numerous spectators, Ladies and Gentlemen, who had resorted to Parramatta from every part of the Colony on this occasion, cannot fail to convey and impress this sentiment far more powerfully than the language of recital, and imagination must therefore supply the deficiency. His Excellency the Governor, we are sorry to remark, did not appear sufficiently recovered from his late severe indisposition to be as circumstantial and minute in his enquiries among the tribes as on former occasions ; yet, with his usual lively and anxious solicitude, His Excellency went repeatedly round the circle formed by the natives, and made such observation as circumstances suggested. The Governor was accompanied by his Lady, and the Officers of his Staff. Among the spectators we saw His Honor the Lieutenant Governor, the Honorable the Commissioner of Enquiry, and Mr. Secretary Scott; the Honorable the Judge Advocate, the Judge of the Supreme Court, the Assistant Chaplains from Sydney, Liverpool, and Castlereagh, the several Patronesses and Members of the Native Institution, the Magistrates, and many other Civil and Military Officers ; together with some Gentlemen lately arrived from England and India. The heat of the day was too intense to allow of a very particular examination of the native children belonging to the Institution ; but their writing and drawings were publicly exhibited, and excited alternate emotions of admiration and applause; after which the children passed round the circle, and received the affectionate embraces of their parents and friends, all of whom beheld with a gaze of admiration, and apparently of gratitude and delight, the improved personal appearance of the little ones, who were neatly and uniformly dressed in the English manner ; but what their parents must have felt at finding their children's progress in writing and drawing, as an earnest of their advancement to civiliza- tion, can better be conceived than described. The specimens produced of their drawing were received with evident symptoms of the highest pleasure and astonishment. After this ceremony had passed over, the children of the Institution retired to their School in the same order they had arrived, marching in pairs of two and two, the females foremost, all, under the direction of their teacher. About two o'clock in the afternoon the entertainment closed, and the sable visitors retired in the greatest harmony, each tribe under its own chief, all in high spirits, and confessedly much pleased with the liberal manifestation they had enjoyed of the good will and protection of this Government, and the urbanity of heart displayed by the British people towards them. This being New Year's Day, the same will be observed as a Holiday throughout the Colony. FREDERICK DRINNAN, Esq. Deputy Commissary General, has returned to Head Quarters by the Admiral Cockburn. The detachments who came here as guards on board the transport ships lately arrived, embarked yesterday on board the Atlas, Captain Short, for Madras.—The accompanying Officers are Lieutenants Ramus, Ashurst, Wilton, Prior, Harrison, and Marsh. By the arrival of the Admiral Cockburn from Hobart Town we learn the arrival at that settlement, on the 1st of November, of the ship Regalia, Captain Dixon, with a valuable and extensive assortment of merchandize. She took her departure from England immediately subsequent to that of the David Shaw ; and we derive no information but what we are already in possession of. The Lord Wellington, having on board 200 female prisoners for this Colony, was entering Rio on the Regalia's departure, and therefore may be daily expected. The brig John Shore, commanded by Mr. J. T. Williams, formerly of the ship Frederick, which vessel was lost in Torres' Straits on her passage from Van Diemen's Land to Calcutta in 1818, had arrived at Hobart Town on the 9th ult. with an investment comprising teas, sugars, spirits, &c.; A juvenile Correspondent has obliged us with the following very edifying article upon the subject of the Thursday evening's service at the Church of St. Philip, which we give precisely in his own words. He must be a youth of some information, or else he would not have so well guided his language; for it is more metrical than prosaiacal, and sounds better because it contains no matter of invention, but the pure dictates of a mind that appears to have felt much upon the solemn occasion. Thus goes the communication :— " Sir,—I was at the Church of St. Philip last Thursday evening, when the Reverend Gentlemen, Mr. Cowper and Mr. Hill, performed the service. Mr. Hill preceded Mr. Cowper in the delivery of the prayers for the expiring year ; which was followed by a psalm sung by the boys who have been received into the Male Orphan Institution, graciously founded by our present Governor, under the endowments of Royal liberality. Mr. Bowlen, the Master of the School, led the little vocal band ; and the performance of the juvenile choir was so excessively well applied to the heart that it was scarcely distinguishable whether a desire of future bliss, or of present pleasure in its attainment by our little colonial generation, most prevailed. Indeed the ear must have been closed that did not participate in the harmony which those voices displayed in giving attraction to the softest harmonies of the heart ; and the singing was exceedingly well performed. The Reverend Mr. Cowper followed, with a charming oration from the pulpit, in which he called forth to view a solemn reflexion on the expiring and beginning year. He here took an extraordinary review of the state of man, retrospectively passing over the past and commencing on the present, informing his auditors of the kindness of the benignity of Providence which had permitted us in life to pass the last and commence the present era, which he hoped, with fervor, would redound to their blessings in a future state. The Reverend Gentleman, in a strain of argument which establishes him as a Minister of the Divine Authority, urged the Holy Writ in a manner so impressive that tears were drawn from the eyes of the auditors, and concluded to the heart-felt satisfaction of all present. This Thursday evening assemblage in the house of God no one can possibly object to from the want of time ; and not to attend the house of God at all is a crime in faith, and against morality ; and to all those who have the slightest affection towards their future state, it is a crime unpardonable ; for of all the delicious treats of which the mind is susceptible, surely an attendance to the Church is of every other the most pacifying ; the most conducive to an orderly conduct; the most delightful; and the greatest of all human blessings." A Bachelors Ball was given by those Gentlemen of the Colony who happen unfortunately to be in that state of solitude on Friday evening at the house of Mrs. Nichols, in George-street. Upon this occasion, Mr. Woolstonecraft bestowed gentlemanly attention in conducting the ceremonial, and was assisted by several Gentlemen of the party. The company was more than a hundred and twenty, nearly one half Ladies ; and taste and beauty were at issue ; nor can the magic controversy ever be determined. The ball-room was decorated with the colours of various nations; the lighting up of the room was brilliant, and the supper elegant; the cheering flow of spirits of that engaging kind which fascinates the mind, and brings the grave and the gay into a mutual susceptibility of the delights which a refined harmony imparts to the mental soft composure. The nights being short, the amusements commenced late in the evening, and did not terminate until Phoebus had announced his radiant glories, and given notice by his presence of his intention io commence his daily tour. That dancing upon laurels and trophies should become common to a kingdom, animated by the love of the trophies they tread upon, would appear a solecism ; and the floor which the gay, the sprightly, the beautiful and blooming, were tripping it gracefully over on " the light fantastic toe," was crayoned out with peculiar nicety by Mr. Reid, whose talents as a painter are too sufficiently known to call forth a panegyric. The subject, considering the decorations of the room, was curiously brought into action. Atlas, emblematical of Britain, sustaining the weight of the globe upon his shoulders, surrounded by the emblamatiques of Europe, Asia, Africa, and America ; the great Columbus pointing oot the path to new discovery ; Time instructing History in the perpetuation of great and noble subjects of record ; and numerous small introductions of intersticial pieces to fill up the groupe of ornamental decoration. The party was much gratified with the elegance of the entertainment, and very much delighted at the Bachelor's Ball. A TRUE SKETCH OF LIFE.—Dick Smith was a bachelor at four years old, which is not to be wondered at, and Death sparing him up to eighteen, he commenced the notion of becoming a gentleman. Having been reared to no particular profession, the unhappy youth of eighteen was a much unexercised in mind as a child of three, but teeming with lewdness of disposition, unfortunately the parent of crime in most large cities. His grandfather had been the vender of a particular drug for children, which had - either poisoned or only half poisoned the little ghosts who danced about his door of a night, and Dick thereby considered himself a person of some degree of situation in society, & being fashionable, he could not help keeping a pair of blood horses, and furiously rushing into the world as a gentleman without the necessary qualifications ; imprimis, a moral rectitude of conduct ; secondarily, an English education ; tertionally, a knowledge of those languages which distinguish men in the upper classes of society ; fourthly, the address that consummates the gentlemanly character ; and fifthly, the obligingness of manners that conciliates man to man. With all these wants Dick still thought he was to be a gentleman, and because that well-bred men soon discovered that he was not fit company for them, he devised a scheme of mending his condition by associating with those only who were less instructed than himself. You will find through life that vice and ignorance form the jumble of the debased character, and poor Dick fell into this unhappy snare. His extravangance sold an amiable aunt up, upon whom all his resources had depended; and he had yet friends to give bail for his appearance against a capias for several hundreds of pounds. The man, however, who had so ungraciously treated a loving relative the sister of his, mother, ought not to have been entrusted with such a bail as this ; but the case was this, that as his consideration extended not beyond himself, he left his bail to answer for itself. His name was every where posted, & no sanctuary, however solemn & sacred, could have afforded him personal protection ; but Dick managed it somehow to get away, and his bail suffered. This would have been nothing to the considerations of humanity, were it not unhappily too true that thirteen orphans were driven upon the parish by the too great confidence of their fathers in the probity of this unhappy young man ; but mark the miserable sequel. He embarked in his escape as a vagrant in a Spanish ship, when was seized at the mouth of the Mediterranean by a corsair ; and, as a slave, in the most horrible degree of slavery, went off to expiate his crimes amongst the Arabs. EXECUTION.—Yesterday morning Matthew Dace and Robert Parsons, who were condemned to death at the last criminal sessions for perpetrating a robbery on the person of Dennis Guiney, on the Parramatta Road, on the evening of the 3d ult. were executed pursuant to their sentence. The unhappy men were apparently resigned to their destiny, and comported themelves in a manner becoming their awful situation. They made no confession of their guilt, nor did they attempt to exculpate themselves from any knowledge of the transaction which untimely terminated their existence, and it is at least consolatory to remark, that the unhappy men died penitently. 