LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR's COURT.—Oct. 22. Jarvis v. Fisk, The plaintiff in this action is a convict, and was employed by the defendant to work his mill. The plaintiff was with the defendant 35 days ; he considered himself entitled to £9 as wages for his services, which he now sought to recover. The defendant refused to pay him any thing alleging, that the plaintiff had robbed him, whilst in his employ. The record of the plaintiff's conviction of the same before a Justice of the Peace was pro- duced, the Court were of opinion, that under such circumstances, the plaintiff could not claim any wages, and gave a verdict for the defendant. We have the pleasure of laying before our Readers a Letter addressed to the Rev. ROBERT KNOPWOOD, M. A.: "To the Rev, Robert Knop- | " British and Fo- wood, one of the Vice- | reign Bible So- Presidents, and Secretary | ciety's House, to the Auxiliary Branch | Earl-street, Lon- Bible Society of Van Die- | don, Feb. 17th, men's Land Hobart Town. | 1821. " REV. AND DEAR SIR, " The first Report of the transactions of your Society, which you had the goodness to address to the President of the British and Foreign Bible Society, has given much satisfaction; and I cannot let the opportunity pass, which a shipment made from our Depository to Port Jackson offers, with- out addressing to your Committee a few lines by way of acknowledgement of your zeal and judi- cious activity, on the part of the Committee of which I have the honour to be the organ on this occasion. " The establishment of a Bible Society in your place, forms a mosl important link in that conca- tenation of events which is to bring mankind under the peaceful sway of the sceptre of HIM, to whom it was said by the Almighty--" I will give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession."-- You are faithfully sowing the seed of regene- ration; and HE who gives the increase will make good his word, that it shall not return void, but execute that unto which it has been sent. " We therefore look, confidently forward to- wards the time when the fruits of the spirit shall abound with you, as well as wherever the Scrip- tures have been spread ; when the Kingdom of God upon Earth shall manifest itself more and more by righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. " The close investigation which your Society has instituted, though proving that there was need of a Bible Society, is still not without its pleasing results. " When we consider how many villages in Great Britain itself (how much more in other Countries of Europe) have, on enquiry into the wants of the Scriptures, presented a much more distressing picture, we cannot but rejoice in the existence of so many Bibles among your poor, and many of them exiled neighbours, as have been dis- covered.-This may be considered as a proof, that more or less value has been attached to the Volume which the hand of Benevolence has distributed among them, on leaving their native shores ; and it is to be hoped, that many, after having been seeking by its direction, the Kingdom of GOD and its righteousness, and experienced that all other things of the necessaries of life are added there- unto, will burn with holy zeal, and in tender compassion strive to communicate the same heaven- ly boon to those who are still destitute of it, and whose numbers are hundreds of millions. "The handsome remittances made by your Treasurer to the Auxiliary at Sydney, prove that such are the sentiments of the numerous body of Subscribers and Donors to your Institution. We would wish, if it were necessary, to encourage them to perseverance. Every revolving year de- velopes to the view of our Committee new fields of labour, which are prepared for the reception of the Divine Treasure; and opportunities for culti- vating them with success, as well as suitable agency, offer to an extent beyond any means which they can command." [The Letter proceeds to detail the very satisfac- tory progress made by the, efforts of the British and Foreign Bible Society in various Countries of Europe and Asia, which have heretofore been im- penetrable to the Scriptures in the native tongue; and it concludes as follows]:— "I have thus gone into a few details, because I know that good news from a far country is always very agreeable; and I make no doubt our friends with you will feel stimulated in their ex- ertions for an Institution which is evidently an instrument in the Hand of GOD for executing His gracious will that all Men be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. "I have the honor to be, "Reverend and Dear Sir, "Your very humble and obedient Servant, "E. F. RONNEBERS, "Assistant Foreign Secretary." In our last Paper we quoted an article from the Sydney Gazette, enumerating ships which had been notified in England for Van Diemen's Land, with settlers and merchandize. We observe in the English Papers of May and June, which we have received by the Malabar, the Castle Forbes, the Minstrel, and the Packet Hops advertised, which were not in the list alluded to. The late Papers announce the decease of the Countess of Liverpool, after a painful illness at Whitehall ; also of the Marquiss of Drogheda, and the Earls of Carhampton and Stair. A General Census of the Population of the United-Kingdom was in progress in May and June, which exhibited a very considerable increase since the last Census in 1811. The Royal State Coach, which was made so long ago as the beginning of the Reign of George 2d, has just been repaired, New wheels and new linings have been furnished, and the old ornaments have been furbished up, so that the whole makes a very splendid appearance. The King of Portugal and Brazil has published a Decree by which his return to the former king- dom is declared to necessary in conformity to the Constitutional Regulations and Limitations recently adopted in that country. His Majesty's Son, the Prince Royal, the Decree adds, is to re- main in administration of the Government of Brazil. 