Sydney. Assize of Bread, the Loaf of Two Pounds, 5 ½d. Average Prices of Articles at Yesterday's Market :— Wheat 9s. 1½d. per bushel; maize 6s. per ditto; barley 4s. 6d. per. ditto ; potatoes 5s. per cwt ; fowls 2s. 9d per couple; butter 2s. 4d. per lb ; and eggs 2s. 6d.per dozen. TO CORRESPONDENTS.—We have received a long letter, signed " AMICUS," which should have been gladly inserted, could it have been deemed admissible ; but we are well assured that the paragraph which has drawn forth the animadversions of Amicus, was not intended to create that unnecessary and unlimited controversy to which it is obvious the insertion of A's communication would give birth. Such matter, however, as may tend to embrace a similar topic, will not, in future, gain admission into our Gazette; We trust, therefore, that with this assurance Amicus will rest satisfied. The following is a list of the passengers gone to Eng- land by the Shipley; viz. Lieutenant Leroux and Lady, Thomas Morris, Esq. Mr. G. F. Hamilton, Mr. W. T. Hughes, Mr. Edw. Paine, and Drs. Ryan, Rutherford, Hamilton, and Hunter, R.N. The Expedition for the intended new settlement of Port Macquarie, under command of Captain F. ALLMAN, of His Majesty's 48th Regt. sailed for its destination on Wednesday last. His Majesty's brig Lady Nelson, schooner Prince Regent, and Mermaid cutter, are the vessels that have taken down the troops, prisoners, and stores. Some curious instances of petty robbery have very recently occurred, mostly in pursuit of iron, come from where it will. The hinges have been taken off gates, the tyers from the wheels of carts; the springs from carriages ; and scandalous to the conception, the very tombs have not been suffered to escape a visita- tion from the sacrilegious robber, who can be little aware of the penalties which would follow a detection. The pallisades erected by friends and relatives have been stripped of their gates, and not only the hinges, but the pallisades themselves taken away, perhaps for fuel ; and the solemn sanctuary of the departed is, from the scattering of feathers, doubtless converted into a place of conveniency for the roost-robber to strip his feathered booty in. A few detections would possibly awe felons of those kinds, as the law would exert its influence in bringing the offender to compunction. The present month has been hitherto less a subject of regret to the Colony than has occurred for more than twenty years. There have been some few showers, but not of continuance to excite alarm. March has customarily appeared to Hawkesbury as Cæsar's ghost to Brutus, as its evil genius; but the " angry spirit of the water," disdaining composition, and determining upon a general and not a partial ruin, abashed at the disappointment which the precautions adopted by His EXCELLENCY for securing the grain upon higher grounds produces, retires for a time, to which, however, we can set no limit. Two servant men, named Swift and Grogan, were committed to prison by Sir John Jamieson, Magistrate in the district of Evan, for the murder of Mrs. Minton wife of Mr. Michael Minton, constable of the dis- trict, on St. Patrick's Day, under circumstances the most extraordinary and atrocious, in which Swift was the principal. He was Mr. Minton's servant; and as the case is represented to us on undoubted authority, he in his master's absence demanded a dollar of his mistress; who refusing it, he became turbulent, and declared he would have it; she then told him that if he used any violence he would be punished ; where- upon he took down a pistol, and deliberately dis- charged a ball through her left breast: she fell bleeding, and he commenced plundering the house; she arose to prevent it, and he discharged a second pistol at her, the ball of which taking a no less fated direction than the first, she fell to rise no more. He then broke open a chest, from which he took 9l. in money; and mak- ing up two bundles of clothes, re-loaded the pistols and went down to the settlement, having given Grogan a part of the booty. The ill-fated woman expired two days after the sad event. From the Captain of a whaler that returned to Eng- land in July 1819, from a prosperous voyage of 333 tons of sperm oil, procured in 22 months, we receive the very extraordinary assurance, that in consequence of the glut in the London market, his cargo went at £55 per ton ; which was the effect of three other ar- rivals within three days, whose cargoes amounted in the whole to 2100 tons; but, from the constantly great demand, a scarcity ensued, and in two months the price mounted up to £80 per ton; and black oil, from £25, in the same period got up to £40 per ton. Not above a month or six weeks ago, Captain West, in the Indian, fell in with a whale which he killed; and cutting out the under jaw, took out of it thirty- two teeth, of fine ivory; measuring from six to eight inches in length, and weighing from six to eight pounds each. He has preserved the jaw, and it appears as a great curiosity. We have much pleasure in laying before our Readers the following extracts from the list of pre- miums offered by the Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce, in their sessions of 1820-21. WOOL FROM NEW SOUTH WALES.—TO the person who, previous to February 1822, shall import into Great Britain or Ireland, the greatest quantity, not less than two tons, of fine wool, the produce of New South Wales—the Gold Medal. Proper certificates, with the bills of lading, and sam- ples of the wool, to be produced to the Society on or before the last Tuesday in February 1822. For the next greatest quantity, not less than one ton, on similar conditions—the Silver Medal, FINE WOOL FROM NEW SOUTH WALES.—To the person who shall produce to the Society the finest sample of wool, the produce of New South Wales, superior to the best Saxon or Spanish—the Gold Medal. Not less than 14 lbs. of the wool to be produced to the Society on or before the last Tuesday in February, 1822, together with certificates, that at least 5 cwt. equal to the sample has been imported by the claimant. EXTIRPATING THE STUMPS AND ROOTS OF TREES— To the person who shall invent and discover to the Society the best methods verified by actual experience, of raising out of the earth and removing the stumps and roots of trees which have been left after felling the timber, so as to clear the land for the purposes of Cul- tivation—the Gold Medal, or Fifty Guineas. Certificates that the method has succeeded with at least fifty trees of large girth, and a full description of the means employed, to be delivered to the So- ciety on or before the last Tuesday in February, 1821. We are assured, upon the minutest enquiry and ob- nation of infallible causes; among which are the follow- ing; namely, the plantation is far more general and extensive; the grub that preyed upon the grain before it was old enough to resist its attacks has disappeared from natural causes; and there has been just rain enough to keep the ground in a state of moisture need- ful to the plant; the result of which is, that the stalk bears one third more of cobs than it did last year; and, those are all sound and healthy; and that the extensively increased plantation enjoying equal ad- vantages in all its parts, the produce is likely to be excessively abundant. Last year the little poaching insect of a grub was as direful as the flight of locusts to the Egyptians ; and if we had been devoid of other dependance, would have left us no other subsistence than the wild honey.—Lest, however, it should be sup- posed that we consider the locust mentioned in holy writ to be the living insect, as in parts of the world out of the Torrid Zone many perhaps erroneously ima- gine, we must here observe, that there grows in those hot climates a flattich oval fruit, if it may so be termed, which is called the locust. A shell and an inclosed powder are its component parts. The shell is of a dark brown colour, of the thickness and appear- ance of a stone jug or bottle, six or seven inches long, and not above an inch thick; the powder of a light brown, close wedged, extremely pungent, and inclined to sweetness; which those who have been in the West Indies cannot be altogether unacquainted with. GRASSES.—Several Gentlemen of the Colony have arduously exerted themselves in the improvement of some of the fine British grassess that have been intro- duced ; but with the exception of those very few praise-worthy individuals, we find nothing but a re- liance upon the natural herbage, which, but for the assistance of the barley which the stock are allowed to eat off, an English agriculturist would deem sufficient to famish all the stock in the Colony : This, however, is not the case ; for with the exception of three or four months in the year, and inclement droughts, our wild and spontaneous pasturage has proved sufficiently nutri- mental to promote the increase of the flocks and herds, and to supply the Colony the greatest part of the year with good milk. It must be nevertheless remem- bered, that the poor grazing animal periodically suf- fers under extreme and unendurable want from a great part of May to September ; and that whole flocks of sheep, sinking under their miseries, become a prey to poverty ; the carcase withers, cutaneous excrescences ensue, the whole body becomes more or less ulcerated; and they drag their cast fleeces on the ground as they weakly stagger over it. Happy for the herds that the New Country was explored :—there, in a boundless untrodden waste, what numbers find an asylum of re- lief and sustenance, far distant from the close-bitten tract they had been removed from.—Then for the sheep. It has already been observed, that a few Gen- tlemen have exerted themselves in preventing their total reliance upon a wild and fallible herbage, by the introduction and cultivation of the British grasses; and how far their example might be hoped to diffuse itself everyone who owns a flock of sheep will judge best for himself. The following abstract of remarks by Mr. Potts upon the various grasses, may, we should presume, be introduced without its being considered that we would endeavour to press an unwelcome sub- ject upon our general Readers, as the grazier may find its instruction pleasing if not serviceable. It has long been the opinion of many of the more enlightened agriculturists of the present age, that our meadow and pasture lands may be rendered infinitely more valuable than it is, by the introduction of some of our best grasses ; but hitherto ray grass continues to be the only grass whose seeds can be purchased for the purpose of laying down meadow and pasture land, and how inadequate that grass is for such a purpose, must be known to every intelligent farmer."—Note. We are not acquainted whether what is here termed rye grass, and often spoils a crop of wheat, is the same with that spoken of by Mr. Potts ; but we have been informed that a gentleman on the banks of the South Creek had many years ago sowed a field of rye grass, which has intermingled with the growing grain all over the settlements at and contiguous to the Hawkes- bury, and been found a very pernicious and irradicable weed. It may then be enquired, how comes it that the ray or rye grass so generally in use in England, has not the same diffusive and pernicious effect? which may be replied to, by the frequency and ex- cessive violence of our floods, to which the field of rye grass is not exposed in England ; though some counties are not altogether devoid of complaint ; and besides, their implements of husbandry are much better adapted than ours to the cleansing of the grain. and divesting it of unwelcome interlopers ; so that a sack of wheat in an English market would, from its clean and bright appearance, seem to have very little affinity to a bag of wheat with us. Mr. Potts asserts, that there are upwards of a hundred grasses growing wild in England : but we have never heard any report of the varieties of our grasses ; or it might fall to the share of the chemist, & some enlightened botanist, to find among them grasses that were of a quality which entitled them to a share of attention to which others had no pretension ; and hence might ensue the possibi- lity of finding in our own extensive fields and forests, those that might claim a more particular share of at- tention, such as to abstract them from the promis- cuous mixtiue, and recommend them to a separate cultivation; for it would seem evident that there must be grasses highly nutritive ; otherwise, when our pas- turage is at the worst in the winter season, the animals would all die for want of the alimentary nourishment they derive from even the hard and withered remnants of the then unvegetating grasses. It further makes agrainst the stock, that when they are in a condition the least capable of fatigue, they have to double or triple their former distances to support life at all. But quit- ting speculative theories, we shall now adhere to the advice of Mr. Potts, who recommends certain English grasses (exotics would possibly thrive here best) : but this will be best known by those gentlemen who have bestowed many years of attention upon the object of improvment. He recommends six distinct species; and premises the article with these remarks; " grasses, as well as other plants, have been frequently recom- mended from a partial and limited observation of them, by persons who neither knew them well as bo- tanists or agriculturists, or who have recommended them merely to gain by the credulity of the public; perhaps the chief reason has been, that persons who might have been expected to make the improve- ment, have not had the means fairly put into their hands of making the experiment. The following six grasses are recommended, as con- stituting the bulk of our best pastures ; most of them are early, all of them are productive, and they are adapted to such soils and situations as are proper for meadows and pastures. No 1. Sweet-scented Vernal Grass. Next to the blue dog's-tail grass, this of all our English grasses comes first into blossom ; it is valuable as an early grass, and also for its readiness to grow in all kinds of soils and situations. Cattle are fond of it, and it is very odo- riferous. No. 2. Meadow Fox-tail Grass. This produces its spike almost, and often full as early as the foregoing; it is much larger, and quicker in its growth, and con- sequently more productive; and on rich land two crops are not too much for it to bear. No. 3. Smooth-stalked Meadow Grass. Its foliage begins to shoot and assume a beautiful verdure early in spring. It affects a dry rather than a moist situa- tion, and hence keeps its verdure in long continued dry weather better than most others, but will thrive in either ; will grow on the top of a dry wall, but better in a rich meadow. No. 4. Rough-stalked Meadow Grass. Similar in appearance to the preceding ; but differing essentially quality ; it principally occurs in moist meadows or on the edges of wet ditches; loves moisture and a shady situation. Poor dry land is its enemy. No. 5. Meadow Fescue Grass. This comes nearest appearance to the ray grass, but greatly superior for forming and improving meadows; larger and more productive of foliage ; strictly perennial ; very hardy ; will thrive not only in wet but also in dry ground. It produces more seeds than any other, which are easily gathered & readily grow ; but is late of flowering. No. 6. Crested Dog-tail Grass. A favorite and wholesome food for sheep ; grows naturally in dry si- tuations, and will not thrive in meadows that are very wet ; is late of flowering, and not very productive of foliage. We conclude with observing, that the Encyclopædia of Mr. Potts is not an ancient but a very modern work, published in 1807; and may therefore be regarded as the compendium of the vast improvements of a long experience ; whose invaluable axioms are dissimenated from all the learned Societies of Great Britain. \--------------------------- Biographical traits relative to O'Brien, known many years in London by the appellation of the Irish Giant, who exhibited himself in that character through all the fairs and towns in Great Britain, but whose real name was Patrick Colter. Remarks.—" Some of the earliest records of man- kind attest the existence of giants, but whether the earth ever produced a race of such men, may, not- withstanding the opinion of many persons of great learning, be very justly disputed. With respect to the discoveries of human skeletons, twenty, fifty, nay even one hundred feet long, though related by many respectable writers, they must be regarded as altogether fabulous. Numerous accounts of this kind are to be met with, but for their authenticity we have no other voucher than the confidence due to first-rate historians, who might themselves have been deceived in the credit they gave to the relations of others from whom they borrowed the circumstances. On the contrary, in all the accounts of giants which have been handed down to us from the remotest period, we find no instance of any living individual who attained to a greater height than nine or at farthest ten feet, whence it may fairly be inferred, that this is the ne plus ultra of human growth. That there exist men of a stature considerably above the ordinary standard, our own time has afforded ocular demonstration. In the year 1780, a gigantic youth named Byrne, a native of Ireland, was exhibited in the metropolis, in the neighbourhood of Charing-Cross, where he died, and was buried in St. Martin's church yard. He was within two inches of eight feet at his death, and it was thought that the continuance of his growth proved fatal to him, as he had not then attained his twentieth year. The most remarkable instance of extraordinary stature in the present age, was however exhibited in the person of O'Brian. He was born in the year 1761, in the county of Kinsale, in Ireland, of obscure parents, who were people of middling stature. He was brought up to the trade of a bricklayer ; but his growth was so rapid, that when he had attained the age of eighteen years, his un- common size attracted the notice of a shewman, who obtained permission of the simple youth to exhibit him three years in England, for which he was to pay him fifty pounds per annum. Not contented with his bar- gain, the chapman agreed to underlet the liberty of shewing him to another speculator; and O'Bryan resist- ed this intended transfer of his person, & was saddled with a fictitious debt, for which he was arrested at Bristol, but was soon released. He now commenced, and continued a regular exhibi- tion of his person. His stature increased till he arrived at the age of twenty-five, when his growth somewhat abated, but he continued growing after that period, till he attained the height of eight feet seven inches. He was at the same time proportionably lusty. His hand, from the commencement of the palm to the extremity of the middle finger, measured twelve inches, and his shoe was seventeen inches long. He could not, how- ever, be denominated a well-made man ; for though his limbs were not strikingly disproportioned, his figure wanted that general symmetry which a man of ordinary dimensions more commonly possesses. The astonish- ment of the observant spectator at the extraordinary stature of Mr. O'Brien was not unaccompanied with pity, as every movement appeared to be attended with trouble, and a degree of pain. In the action of rising to salute or surprize his visitors, he generally placed both his hands on the small of his back, and bending his body forward, rose with considerable difficulty from his seat, consisting of a common-sized table, on which was placed the cushion of a carriage. At times he used to walk about the streets for air and exercise, at two or three o'clock in the morning. ln one of these nocturnal excursions, he was observed ac- companied by two persons of common size, on whose shoulders he supported himself in the same manner as we sometimes see a well-grown man resting his hands on the shoulders of children ten or twelve years of age. ln walking up Holborn-Hill, he appeared to be greatly fatigued, and might be said rather to shuffle along than to walk, as he never moved either of his feet from the stones. Proceeding along the more level pavement, his body appeared more erect, and had he not paid attention to avoid the lamps, his head would have struck against many of them. The following anecdote is related on the authority of those with whom he was most familiar. Being on a journey in his own carriage, he was one day stopped by a highwayman; on which he put his head forward to discover the cause that interrupted his progress. The highwayman, at the sight of so prodigious a figure, was struck with such a panic, that he clapped spurs to his horse, and made a precipitate retreat. It should be observed, that the vehicle in which he travelled was of a peculiar construction, having a kind of box sunk to a considerable depth below the bottom of the vehicle, to admit his legs and feet. In 1801, having realized an independence sufficient to keep a carriage, and to secure the conveniences of life, he declined the public exhibition of his person, which was always extremely irksome to his feelings. He died at Bristol, in September, 1806, in the 46th year of his age. 