To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, Your Correspondent, in the new guise of Obadiah Prim, has taken the trouble to tell me, that he is the same DEMOCRITUS that cut up Mercator so unmerci- fully; but he might have saved himself the trouble, as I could have sworn to the satirical rogue from his very first paragraph.—The ludicrous dress in which his fan- cy has decorated the old Spanish Philosopher, particu- larly the arrangement of his wig and whiskers, I consider un chef d'œuvre that could emanate from no other pen ; and at which I laughed most heartily. I am sorry, however, he should think me so unrea- sonable as to deny him a broad grin now and then ; or, that I should attempt to prevent him (if he has philo- sophy enough for the occasion) from laughing at his own misery ; though I should be better pleased to hear that he had a more agreeable subject to excite his risi- ble faculties, than misery of any kind.—I must also regret, that Democritus should deem it expedient to as- sume so much gravity; as, if I may form an opinion from his writing, it is an ingredient he has no particular relish for.—Perhaps he is something of my opinion, that dry discussion may not be inaptly compared to a bad curry, very insipid for want of proper seasoning!—If so, Mr. Editor, I can assure him, and all your other Cor- respondents, that I shall not feel the slightest offence at their grinning and laughing at my lucubrations as long as they please ; provided they introduce any thing like argument to refute them. I was in hopes that the Spanish dollar subject had died a natural death, and that it would be left for time to develop our predictions on this question; particu- larly, as I see little more can be said in illustration of it. The cool, dispassionate, and pointed manner that your Correspondent now addresses me; together with the implied suggestion from another quarter, that I volun- teered my services to advocate Spanish dollars from interested motives, has induced me, though reluctantly, once more to take up my pen, in defence of what is termed my theoretical principles.—Hence I deem it ne- cessary to preface my observations, by a declaration, that the SUBSCRIBER never did, nor ever expected to receive, the slightest remuneration, recompence, or favor, for what he has written or may write on this subject. Neither himself, or any person belonging to him, has ever been fed or clothed at the expence of Government ; and, what may appear still more extraordinary to some of your readers, is, that the Subscriber would not ac- cept such indulgences, if offered him. It is therefore to be hoped, henceforth, that persons, enjoying these comforts, will at least have the modesty to be silent as to the motives that prompted the Subscriber to take a part in the present discussion. Democritus commences by an attempt to explain the "other means" whereby an advantage may be gained by Government on easier terms, which I noticed in a former letter ; and then says, " If the the Government uses its all-powerful influence to force into circulation a foreign coin, as in the present instance, the Spanish dollar, of the intrinsic value of 4s. 2d, but passing it at 5s. this I call the introduction of a depreciated cur- rency ;" and, in the next sentence, " Now Government can really have no other motive for so doing, than to effect a saving, by virtually purchasing for 4s. 2d. what formerly cost 5s ; or, which is the same thing, nominally paying the same price as before, but virtually a small one." These are his own words. Now I cannot pos- sibly comprehend what meaning Democritus wishes to attach to these two sentences, unless it is, in the first place, that Government introduced these dollars, and forced them into circulation at an enhanced rate to their former value ; and secondly, that Government actually purchased them at 4s. 2d. each. Whereas, I believe the true state of the case is this, that a stranger intro- duced the dollars on speculation ; the Government vir- tually not nominally purchased them at 5s. each ; un- less payment in Treasury bills, at par, may be con- sidered a nominal payment; and lastly, that Government issued them at the same rate of 5s. which was their cur- rent value for years before the period complained of. How Government, then, could make a saving by this transaction, I must leave to wiser heads than mine to determine. With respect to what Government ought to pay the settler for a bushel of wheat, I shall not pretend to judge; though I must confess (en-passant) that it puz- zles me to find out, why two Spanish dollars will not pay the growers for a bushel of wheat in this country where the land costs nothing, and where we are exempt from taxes ; when I perceive, by a London Paper of January last, that the price or the same article in Eng- land is 6s. and in France 3s. 4d. per bushel; although the rent of land is very high, and the taxes very heavy. But I agree with Democritus, that this topic is irrelevant to the present question; or at least but remotely con- nected with it. No doubt however can be entertained, that the higher our produce sells for, the better for the Colony ; but this doctrine is as applicable to any other country, as to New South Wales. I regret to learn that Democritus should be restrained from freely staring his opinions on this or any other subject for fear, as he says, that the clashing of opi- nions may give offence, as in the present agitated sub- ject. If this insinuation is meant for me, I beg to assure him, that I do not feel in the least offended, nor can I conceive it possible for any person to be so, by the mild and temperate tone of argument now addressed to me. I hope Democritus will give me credit for a little more sense than to suppose that I would prefer Spanish dollars to a British sterling currency; but this is not the question ; it is, which shall we prefer—Spanish dollars, or Sydney Bank notes, as a currency ? Now, Mr. Editor, though I do not know your Correspondent, I can perceive, by his style, that he is fully competent to answer the following questions, which if he does with candour, and in the affirmative, I pledge myself to become a convert to his opinions forthwith : So you then, Democritus, think or believe, that the Bank could, at the time these dollars were purchased, or any time since, fulfil its implied engagements with the Public, by paying on demand in sterling money ; I will not say the whole, but the third of her paper, then, or now in circulation ? It will be no answer to say, that the Bank has deposits to the full amount of their issues. Mr. A, Mr. B, or any other Mister's notes, though no doubt very good, yet are not a legal tender to you or me, in payment for Bank paper, as we cannot procure Treasury bills for them on the eve of our de- parture. I would also ask Democritus (whose acquaintance with Mr. Ricardo's publication must give him a know- ledge of the Banking system), what is his opinion of an establishment ? I mean the Sydney Bank—that, by four months discounting (for I understand no discount, ex- cept the renewal of bills, has been done for two months past), can divide 20 per cent, which I am credibly in- formed is now the case. This, according to Cocker, would be 60 per cent per annum on their nominal capital ; and if, as I have been told, one half this ca- pital was lost by the defalcation of their late cashier, it will amount to 120 per cent annually on their real capital. If this statement be correct, which I verily believe it to be, it can require no hesitation in making an election between Bank notes and Spanish dollars for a circulating medium. It will be thought, no doubt, from my frequent allusions to the Bank, that I am an enemy to institutions of this description—quite the contrary ; I think a Bank, under proper restrictions, of great utility. But the fact is, that it is impossible to separate the Bank from the Spanish dollar in the present discussion, which, by a personal address, I am in a manner forced into. But to return to Democritus.—I see he is determined to come to close quarters with me. He has already pressed into his service two of my auxiliaries ; i. e. Mr, Ricardo, and the Ghost of Adam Smith. Be it so ;— he is welcome, to any assistance they can render him ; but I cannot submit to a total monopoly of them on his side. The question is now brought to fair issue by the mode of liquidating our surplus debt. But I am afraid, Mr. Editor, that I have already trespassed be- yond your limits, and shall therefore postpone further observations until another opportunity is afforded. A SUBSCRIBER, 8th July, 1822, 24th July, 1822. P. S.—I have but this moment learned that the Bank Solicitor has given notice to the Editor of this Gazette, that he has received instructions from the Bank Direc- tors to prosecute the Subscriber for a libel published in his Paper of the 28th June, and calling upon him to give up the author. A month is now nearly elapsed since the publication of this letter ;—Is it not astonish- ing that the wisdom of these Gentlemen did not find out the libellous matter before now ? Surely the formal invitation to further discussion, addressed to " Mr. SUBSCRIBER," could not be an incentive, or a trap, to catch some unguarded expressions for the purpose of ruining the Subscriber, in damages, costs, expences, &c.; The length of time seems strongly to savour, or impress the mind with such an idea ; but, for the honour of human nature, I hope such is not the case ! Indeed, I am persuaded that the venerable Democritus (the father of practical philosophy), would never lend his name to promote an act so fraught with moral turpitude. When I first heard this rumour, knowing, as I thought I did intimately, some of the Bank Directors, who, I declare to God, I thought would as soon consent to lose their right arm, as consent to this unjust prosecution, I naturally thought it a hoax. But, alas ! now I find it a reality ! This is then our boasted privilege, Democritus! " The liberal and enlightened policy by which we are allowed to indulge in legitimate discussion?" Oh ! "tell it not in Gath ! publish it not in the streets of Askelon ! ! !" But let us take a more favourable view of the pic- ture. And to do so impartially, I now call on every man, capable of understanding the English language, to read over carefully, and with attention, the letter signed " A Settler of the Middle Class" and afterwards mine of the 28th June; then lay his hand on his heart, and declare, which is the libel! If one in a thousand says mine is, then will I consent to suffer the penal infliction of the most rigorous law. In fact, I think it would be an insult to common sense to draw a comparison, Moreover, I should feel sorry to proclaim the writings of any man libellous. Nevertheless, I cannot help drawing the public attention to a comparative view of both cases. The Subscriber is selected as the victim of vindictive persecution ; whilst the real libeller is al- lowed to retire to his peaceful slumbers unmolested. This, Democritus, I call truly noble and magnanimous conduct on the part of Government, on the parties who felt themselves aggrieved by the libel ; and this single instance of disinterested, and generous forbearance, would in my opinion, be a brighter gem emblazoned on the shield of our present worthy Governor, than any emblematic symbol that decorates or irradiates the cap of his predecessor. Let it not be supposed that the Subscriber means to recant any thing he has written on the present subject owing to a dread of persecution ; no, Sir, the Sub- scriber has written nothing on this subject that he does not believe to be truth ; and certainly nothing from prejudice to any man, or body of men; he is like other mortals, liable to err; but is not the Press as open to every other person as to him ? Convince him of his error, and he will instantly retreat ; nay, beg pardon for any unintentional offence ; but, until then, he must hold the same opinions ;—his observations may be un- palatable to some, but he imagines it will be difficult to find them libellous. No, Mr. Editor, the Subscriber can lay his head on his pillow, and exclaim, with great truth, thank God ! I never intentionally injured any man ! ! ! \---------------------------- 