Sydney. ASSIZE OF BREAD, THE LOAF OF TWO POUNDS, 5¾d. Average prices of articles at the last market :— Wheat, 9s. per bushel ; maize, 4s. 6d. per do ; potatoes, 7s. 6d. per cwt ; fowls, 4s. per couple ; butter, 2s. 9d. per lb; eggs, 1s. 3d. per dozen ; and cheese, 1s. 3d. per lb. To CORRESPONDENTS.—The OLD EMIGRANT SETTLER will Appear next week. We regret that the Errata to his last letter did not arrive till late last evening SHIP NEWS.—On Monday arrived from Rio de Janeiro, with an excellent investment of the most choice goods, the ship Marshal Wellington, Captain Martin. She left Port Jackson on the 10th of March last ; and sailed from Rio on the 13th of July. On Friday last sailed for Hobart Town, the brig Deve- ron, Captain Wilson. She has taken a detachment of the 48th, to join the troops already in the Southern Settle- ments.—Passenger, W. H. Moore, Esq. Solicitor. Same day the brig Ann, Captain Wrangles, sailed for the cedar ground. On Wednesday last His Majesty's surveying-brig Bathurst, Captain KING, R. N. sailed for England.— Passengers, Mrs. KING and Family ; and Drs. MONT- GOMERY and HALL, R. N. Yesterday sailed the Mariner, Captain Douglass, for Macquarie Island. Captain Martin, of the Wellington, has been par- ticularly obliging in handing to us a file of the Times down to May 7. It is to be regretted that there is no possibility of inserting extracts this week. Even the reports of the trials we are compelled only merely to mention, an instance or two excepted ; but still it is to be remembered the Paper is full, as usual ; therefore, we trust the Public are satisfied at unremitting exertion to crowd all the matter we can into our at present contracted Journal. GOVERNOR MACQUARIE.—By the arrival of the Marshal Wellington, we are enabled to disseminate the gratulatory information of the safe arrival of the Surry, Captain Raine, at St. Salvador. The fondly remem- bered MAJOR GENERAL (our late respected Governor), Mrs. MACQUARIE, and SON, were in the best health ; as were all on board. Captain Raine left St. Salvador, in May, for England. On Friday evening last several Gentlemen, of Syd- ney, gave a farewell Ball and Supper, at Hill's Rooms, Hyde Park, to Captain KING, and the Officers of His Majesty's brig Bathurst, which was well attended, and kept up until an early hour on Wednesday. Much praise is due to Mrs. Hill, for the very neat manner in which the rooms were fitted up, and the excellent sup- per provided. The brig Thalia, belonging to Captain Welsh, upon the arrival of the Ann at the cedar ground, will imme- diately sail for the Cape of Good Hope. Conjectural information says, that Captain King in- tends to make his passage through Torres' Straits. The Battery at Dawes' Point saluted the Bathurst upon get- ting under weigh on Wednesday morning, which was consequently returned. Point Piper Fort also compli- mented the Bathurst upon passing. The Constance, sloop of war, commanded by Capt. Wm. Thomas Morgan, was lost on the western coast of Ireland, on the 21st of April last.—All hands perished ! The late sale of horses at Riley and Walker's will probably satisfy the world that Australasia has no lon- ger need of such importations; the price offered for those fine animals, brought on the Ann, falling very short of what was expected.—The colonial breed of horses is well known to be rapidly approximating to perfection. THE WESLEYAN AUXILIARY MISSIONARY SO- CIETY. - It will appear, by the advertisement in this day's Paper, that the second Anniversary of this inter- esting and highly important Institution is to be held in the Macquarie-street Chapel on Monday evening next. We shall then learn whether it has met with all that support fondly expected at the last Anniversary; and whether the hands of those Missionary Gentlemen have been liberally upheld by an enlightened Public. Those that were present at the first Anniversary, we are pretty certain will not withhold their attendance upon this occasion; while others, who are fond of an in- tellectual repast, blended with some degree of spir- tuality, will doubtless be more than abundantly repaid by giving their attendance, UPON SUCH AN OCCASION, for the evening. It is to be regretted that the friends to Christianity, in Australasia, have, for the last fortnight, been de- prived of the sincere pleasure that must be afforded them, upon a perusal of the following article:— On Sunday evening, the 8th instant, a very interest- ing ceremony was performed in the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Parramatta. The Rev. Wm. WALKER, Wes- leyan Missionary to the Aborigines of this Colony, publicly baptized the son of Bennelong, of notorious memory; and named him, THOMAS WALKER COKE. A sermon was preached on the occasion "Can any man forbid water, that those should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?" The words are to be found in the 10th chapter of Acts. The Rev. Gentleman took occasion to enlarge on the character of his young disciple; and his remarks, which were judiciously guarded, pleasingly shewed how qua- lified the young person was, to be initiated into the visible Church of Christ. The aboriginal displayed considerable feeling during the ceremony, and wept much. Many of his brethren were present on the oc- casion. The congregation was unusually large, were very attentive, and appeared highly interested. We are enabled to explain the seeming mystery that enveloped the article from Newcastle, inserted in the last Gazette:-About fourteen days since, perhaps three weeks (so goes our information), two men, viz. Thomas Wilson, the owner of the boat in question, and one John King, left Cockle-bay for the Five Islands; but, owing to the strong westerly and south-westerly winds, were driven away to the northward ; and, in en- deavouring to gain Hunter's River, as has been un for- tunately related, the boat was overturned, and the two poor men were consigned to a watery grave. Yesterday se'nnight, in the afternoon, a wood-boat, heavily laden, was perceived to go down off Long-nose Point. No assistance could possibly be rendered the unfortunates in the frail little bark. Two individuals (father and son) were in the boat, and were both drowned. Their names were Blake. The father has been known for these 20 years past, in the town of Syd- ney, as an honest and inoffensive sail maker. On Monday last those extensive and valuable pre- mises of Mr. Bevan, Auctioneer, were threatened with destruction. About one in the morning, the centinel at the main-guard gave the alarm of "fire". The guard presently fell in, and proceeded from the lum- ber-yard to Mr. Bevan's, where some of the out-houses close to the large building were in a blaze. In about 20 minutes, Lieutenant ROE, of His Majesty's brig Bathurst with some seamen gained the spot, and it was principally owing to the coolness and intrepidity of this worthy Officer that the raging element was quickly subdued. The surrounding inhabitants were shortly in motion, from the terrifying circumstance as, in case of the flames reaching the main-building which is the present residence .of Captain CAMPBELL and LADY, the consequences might have been doleful - at least destructive. We are told that Ensign ROBERTS commanded the guard, who vied with the seamen their endeavours to extinguish the flames. We are happy to say that the loss is truly small, when compared with the destruction that was anticipated upon the fire alarm. The cause of the fire is unknown. CRIMINAL COURT.-Consonant to Government and General Orders, the Sessions commenced on Monday last. The Members were sworn in ; and the Court then adjourned to TUESDAY.—John Hatkenson was indicted for a burglary in the dwelling-house of Mr. Wm. Whitfield in George-street, on the 18th of July last. The of- fence was proved to have been perpetrated ; and a bundle, containing the property stolen, was found in the possession of the prisoner, who was pursued im- mediately after the robbery by some of the police, and apprehended. In the watch-house the prisoner was searched ; and two pick-locks, with other house break ing implements, were found upon him. The prisoner was declared Guilty.—Remanded. William Hogg was next indicted for stealing a watch, which was given to him for the purpose of cleaning and repairing. Guilty-three years transportation. Edward Stone was indicted for stealing in the dwel- ling-house. It appeared that the prisoner had been a servant in the employ of Mrs. Jenkins, of George- street, and had availed himself of the confidence ne- cessariiy reposed in domestics, to plunder the premises at every opportunity. The police soon gained informa- tion of the prisoner's supposed villany. One afternoon he was stopped in Pitt-street, and searched upon the spot, when he was found to be laden with pieces of nankeen, as well as other property. Further search was made in the room in which he slept, and some more nankeen was found secreted in his bed. The property was satisfactorily proved to belong to Mrs. Jenkins, notwithstanding the unsupported assertion of the pri- soner, who stated that he had purchased the articles of a man gone from the Colony, Guilty—7 years trans- portation. James Marra was indicted for stopping and robbing, on the King's highway between Parramatta and Wind- sor, on the 22d of May last, John Alexander Vielle- mont, a foreigner, and dealer in the town of Sydney. Only one evidence was called upon this trial, and that was the prosecutor; who proved that the prisoner stopped him early in the morning of the 22d of May, with a presented musket ; that he was compelled to de- liver to him four dollars and a shirt, upon pain of bring shot, whereupon the prisoner immediately decamped. Upon being frequently questioned by His Honor the JUDGE ADVOCATE as to the possibility of positively identifying the prisoner, the prosecutor stated, that the prisoner had been a fellow passenger with him the day before in the Parramatta-boat ; that they conversed to- gether, occasionally, on the way ; and that, upon his arrival at Parramatta, the prisoner actually conducted him to one of the inns in that town, to which he (Ville- mont) was an utter stranger. His apprehension for this transaction was quite casual ; the Sydney Police were conveying bim to one of the watch-houses early one morning through Kent-street, and the prosecutor, pas- sing at the time, recognised in the person of the pri- soner, his fellow passenger and the highwayman. Guilty.—Remanded. WEDNESDAY.--Ann Spinks, who had been a servant in the house of Mr Solomon Levey, was indicted for stealing in the dwelling-house. She was found Guilty, and sentenced—7 years transportation. James Ratten, found Guilty of stealing sundry ar- ticles of wearing apparel, the property of Walter Brum- migen—3 years transportation Henry Crane was Acquitted of cattle stealing. John Connor was indicted for stealing a ewe lamb, the property of Mr. F. E. Forbes. Guilty.—Remanded. William Smith, Michael Mullin, and James Conden, were indicted for stealing a heifer, at Minto, on the 28th of June last, the property of Mrs. Mary Reibey, The prisoner Smith pleaded Guilty, Charles Fell deposed, that he was a stock-keeper in the employ oí Mr. Chippendall, at Minto, and that on the day named in the information he lost a heifer from the flock of which he had the charge. Next morning he went in search of the animal, and about a mile from his master's house he saw a man (the prisoner Smith) in a field of wheat; that he enquired of him whether any cattle had been seen in that quarter, and was an- swered in the negative. The man had an axe, and seemed to be burying something in the earth. As soon as Smith left the spot, ihe witness went towards it, and found the hide of a beast only half covered ; that he examined the same, and it turned out to be the skin of the very animal he was in quest of, having the brand M. R. remaining (happily for the ends of justice) un- destroyed. H. took the hide immediately to his master, Mr. Chippendall, whose testimony went to corroborate thal of his stockman, with this addition only, that upon further search, three, bags of beef were found contigu- ous to the spot, and not far distant from the huts of a clearing gang; that which the prisoners at the bar oc- cupied was about half a-quarter of a mile off. The testimony of John Chippendall also agreed with the foregoing. Anthony Bogan, overseer of the gang to which the prisoners belonged, deposed, that he was employed on the estate of Wm. Howe, Esquire ; that upon the even- ing of the 28th June last, he mustered the prisoners and found them all in their hut, with three others, whose names were McCarthy, Bell, and another Smith. An approver of the name of John Bell, deposed, that he slept in the hut with the prisoners, and that upon the night mentioned, the head of a beast was brought in by them, and cooked. Daniel M'Carthy, another of the parties implicated in this transaction, further reluctantly deposed, that the prisoner Win. Smith, who pleaded guilty, killed the animal with an axe while he held it by the horns, and that the other prisoners, Conden and Mullin, were present. The prisoners were adjudged Guilty.— Remanded. THURSDAY.— Wm. White and John Winch were Ac- quitted of pig-stealing. Charles Connor was found Guilty of stealing in the dwelling-house.— Remanded. John Harris, found Guilty of larceny— 12 months transportation. A case of assault became next the subject of inves- tigation ; but the parties were necessarily discharged. EVILS OF WAR.— War is the most dreadful of all evils by which Heaven has afflicted man. War never fails to exhaust the state, and endanger its destruction, with whatever success it is carried on.— Though it may be commenced with advantage, it can never be finished without danger of some fatal reverse of fortune; nor eau a nation prosper — it destroys itself by destroying others — the country depopulated — the soil untilled, and trade interrupted, and, what is worse, the best laws lose their force, and a corruption of manners insensibly takes place. Literature is neglected among the youth ; the military indulge in the most pernicious licentious- ness, and the disorder generally spreads through all the branches of government.— Famine, war, and the plague, are the three most famous ingredients in this lower world ; some of whose gifts we hold from Providence, but war, in which they are concentred, we owe to the ??? of 3 or 4000 persons scattered over the surface of the globe, under the name of Princes and Ministers. It is a questionably a very notable art to ravage coun- tries, destroy dwellings, and, one year with another, out of a hundred thousand men, to cut off 40 or 50 thousand. An odd circumstance in this internal enter- prise is, that every Chief has his colours consecrated, and solemnly prays to God before he goes to destroy his neighbour. All countries pay a certain number of orators to celebrate these sanguinary actions, some in a long black coat, others with a gown, and a kind of shirt over it. They generally make long-winded ha- rangues, and to illustrate a battle fought the other day, bring up what passed thousands of years ago in Pales- tine, At other times, these gentry declaim against vice, and prove, that he whose table, on a day of abstinence, is loaded with fish is infallibly saved : and that a poor man, for eating two pennyworth of mutton, goes to the devil for ever and ever. Among five or six thousand declamations, there may be three or four which a man may bear to read, but, in not one of these has he the spirit to animadvert on war— that scourge and crime which includes all others. These orators are continually prating against love, mankind's only solace, and the only way left to repair its losses. Ye bungling soul physicians ! to bellow, for an hour or more, against a few flea bites, and not say a word about that horrid distemper which destroys us. Of what avail is huma- nity, benevolence, mildness, temperance, discretion, and piety, when half a pound of lead, discharged at the distance of 600 paces, shatters my body ? When I expire, at the age of 20, most miserably— when my eyes, at their last opening, see my native town all in a blaze, and the last sounds I hear are the shrieks and groans of my fellow creatures, expiring among the ruins, and all for the pretended interest of a man who is a stranger to us.— Manual of Liberty. 