SUBSCRIBER'S REPLY TO DEMOCRITUS. (Concluded.) Before I notice the conclusion of Democritus' letter to me, it will be necessary to make a few further obser- valions on the first part. He there states, that "in the general market there is no appearance whatever of a rise in the exchange, for Treasury bills pass as formerly from hand to hand, at par."—Now I appeal for the truth or fallacy of this assertion to every man con- nected with mercantile business in Sydney; as it is well known, that Treasury bills were publicly sold within the last month from 5 to 7½ per cent, premium.—The Sub- scriber refused the latter offer for bills he had by him previous to fhe departure of the last ships for India. Should Democritus doubt this assertion, the Subscriber could refer him to two different persons in Pitt-street, who actually sold them at that rate.—It may be thought invidious to mention their names; though I see nothing improper in the transaction.—But is it not an idle waste of words to say more on the subject, when the Bank refuse to take dollars at more than 4s. 2d. which, if there be any truth in figures, make these bills above 16 per cent, premium? Democritus next makes use of a still bolder asser- tion; viz. "I most decidedly say, that there would be no rise in the exchange whatever, even should our im- ports double our exports."—Such an assertion I could scarcely expect from your correspondent, with the ghost of Adam Smith too at his elbow: indeed, I con- sider it not only a libel on the memory of that excellent author, but on every honest man in the colony. As this doctrine, according to my conception of it, states in the most unqualified terms, that we must necessarily defraud our creditors out of exactly one-half of their property; at least I see no human alternative it leaves for paying the other. Your correspondent further states, that the only ap- pearance of the exchange being against us, is at the Commissariat Office; "where," he says, "a small number of bills are offered to the Public al 2½ per cent. premium."—Mark the small number of bills, Mr. Editor. This is the rub! If Democritus can persuade the Government to draw bills on the Treasury equal to our wants, then will I retract every word I have written on the subject, and will warrant no rise in the exchange. I wish him success in his undertaking; though I doubt he will find it rather a difficult one to induce Govern- ment to draw for more than the requisite colonial ex- penditure. But what will your correspondent say, when he learns that the small number of bills not only offered for sale, but actually sold at this rate, is ade- quate to the current expenses of the colony for three months, which I am told (from good authority) is the case!—Has this, then, the appearance of a finesse on the part of Government to enhance the value of their bills? —l am afraid not, Democritus. I am next asked by your correspondent, "is it pos- sible that you can imagine a rise in the exchange would really enable him to pay this £70,000," meaning our surplus debt, "that although all our means of remit- tance were really sent out of the colony, we, by making a sacrifice, could create fresh means?"—To this I an- swer, without a moment's hesitation,—Certainly not! And beg to refer him to the concluding paragraph of my letter of the 20th June (i.e. the libellous one); he will there find the mode I pointed out to remedy the evil to he exactly the same that he now suggests; viz. to restrict our importations within our own means of payment. The second part of Democritus' letter commences with a strange jumble of the preterit, present, and fu- ture tense; as thus: "So long as our transactions in this colony are carried on as they were until lately, in sterling, our exchange will always be at par; that is to say, until a depreciated currency is forcibly intro- duced."—This, one would suppose, contemplates a fu- ture introduction; whereas, in the former part of his letter, he accuses the Government of having already introduced such currency in the shape of Spanish dol- lars. I would here beg to remind your correspondent, that declamation is not argument, much less proof. The idea of passing half-crowns for five shillings is too absurd to merit notice; not so, however, the sicca rupee passing at 2s. 6d. its current value in all our India possessions. I am not so conversant in the quantity of silver each contains as Democritus; but I know their relative value to the Spanish dollar in Bengal, for the last ten years, has been from 2 to 3¼ per cent, less than the latter; or, about 205 sicca rupees for 100 Spanish dollars: hence it will be seen that Democritus has also, undervalued the rupee, if we take 4s. 2d. the standard for the dollar. In the event of exporting dollars, which I think must be the case ere long, the Subscriber has to offer a hint to the Public, which perhaps may not be generally known, which is, to avoid sending German crowns to India, where they are about 4 per cent. less in Value than the Spanish dollar.—The rupee will give an additional illustration to my arguments (?) to the exchange between all countries, being influenced or ra- ther governed by the balance of trade. Soon after the Act which opened a free trade to In- dia, in 1814, the sicca rupee rose nearly 20 per cent. in value above its denomination, owing to the great de- mand for India goods, and consequent immense exports, which made the balance in her favor.—In eighteen months, or two years after, the European market be- came glutted with India productions; the trade was at a stand; the rupee gradually sunk in value; and the same rupee that a few years ago was worth 2s. 10d. is now scarcely worth two shillings.—This statement, which I presume no one will venture to deny, is the na- tural result of the balance of trade changing against India, in favor of Europe; and such, depend upon it, will be our case, in despite of any thing that can be said or written to the contrary, unless, as I before stated, we restrict our imports, or find additional means to what we at present possess of paying for them. The other parts of your correspondent's letter are, I perceive, answered by anticipation in my letter of the 8th ultimo, except the last paragraph, where Democritus asks me what I mean by the tacit sanction of Govern- ment; as the latter incurred no responsibility on ac- count of the Bank. I certainly did not mean to imply such definition by these words. Perhaps permission would express my meaning better than sanction; if Democritus thinks so, I beg leave now to substitute it. With respect to the facilities afforded Government by the Bank, I declare I was not aware of any, or I should be most happy to give the latter credit for them. I am now come to the conclusion of Democritus; his two last lines are as follow: i. e. "and every indi- vidual in the colony will bear testimony to my assertion, that no Bank bill has ever been dishonored."—The Subscriber is perfectly aware how delicate a subject this is for him to touch on, after the prosecution already commenced against him; nevertheless cannot resist the impulse that prompts him to risk a few remarks on the passage. If then by dishonored, is meant Bank notes having been protested, I have not heard that such has ever been the case But, if the legal construction of what subjects a bill or note to dishonor be according to my ideas; i.e. refusing to pay on presentation, when due (and a note on demand is always due), the full amount written on the face of it, then indeed are there indi- viduals in the colony who can prove that it was only by indulgence of the holders that Bank notes were not protested. Yes, Democritus; if we admit the above premises to be correct, the Subscriber (the present object of Bank prosecution) had the power, and might have protested Sydney Banknotes!! Nay, was strongly advised to it. But he scorned to take a mean advantage of an opportunity which perhaps unforeseen circumstances threw in his way.—This is a strong assertion; but it is a true one: it has been forced from me with reluctance. I know the consequence. The onus lays upon me; if I cannot prove it, it is a libel!!! In taking leave of this subject, and the colony, per- haps for ever, it rests with me to return thanks, Mr. Editor, for the very liberal mannar in which this dis- cussion has been allowed to proceed, heated as it has occasionally been by the over temperate zeal of the disputants. With respect to the prosecution instituted against myself, I have no apprehension for the result. It was my intention to quit the colony in peace with all man- kind; but such indulgence it appears will not be allowed me. Goaded on, then, by unprovoked oppo- sition to my peaceable departure, I have only to make use of the best means that I have in my power in self defence; and have no doubt they will be found fully ample to prove, to every man within whose bosom vi- brates an English heart, that the character of libeller has been unjustly blended with that of the SUBSCRIBER. 