A LETTER FROM DEMOCRITUS. MR. SUBSCRIBER, I am the same old Democritus who formerly spoke of Julius Caesar and the ass ; the doctor and apoplexy. Really, I must say, that you are very unreasonable to deny me a broad grin, laughing as I was at my own misery, when completely mauled by an unmerciful shower of hard dollars, which had been pelted at my head. I have lately, however, had my whiskers newly trimmed, and the hair- dresser has cropt all the super- fluous curls from my wig ; the consequence of which is, my appearance is so much altered, that, on looking in- to the glass I hardly knew myself; in fact, I appear almost as prim as a Quaker ; therefore, as jesting would now be unbecoming, 1 shall endeavour to demean my- self with corresponding gravity. I trust also, that my improved appearance will excite greater respect, and corresponding correctness, on the part of the printer's devils ;* so that there may be less occasion for verbal criticism. I observed in my letter to Mercator, that public advantage, i. e. advantage to the Government, may more easily be obtained by other means than by the in- troduction of a depreciated circulating medium ; this I shall now explain. If the Government uses its all powerful influence to force into circulation a foreign coin, as in the present instance, the Spanish dollar, of the intrinsic value of 4s. 2d, but passing it at 5s, this I call the introduction of a depreciated currency. Now Government can really have no other motive for so doing, than to effect a saving, by virtually purchasing for 4s 2d. what formerly cost 5s ; or, which is the same thing, nominally paying the same price as before, but virtually a smaller one. The depreciation of a circulating medium in times of ignorance, was no doubt sometimes resorted to, because it might have been then possible to have compassed the change before its effects were fully felt or understood. This, however, is a re- commendation which, I presume, will not be listened to for one moment, by any enlightened, moral, and virtuous Government ; because, independent of other objections, it must misguide the people with respect to the real amount of their incomes, and therefore, in many cases, may lead them to their ruin; besides this, the establishment by law of a depreciated currency, enriches all debtors at the expence of their creditors, &c.; No wonder, therefore, that I observed, that any ap- parent advantage resulting therefrom, ought to be ob- tained by other means ; and the easy mode to which I alluded, as applicable to the circumstances of this Co- lony, is so obvious, that I did not expect my meaning could have been misunderstood. It consists simply, in directly purchasing cheaper ! And circumstanced as we are, nothing can be more easy ; for the Government, being the great consumer of colonial produce, have a full command of the market and may regulate the prices at pleasure. By making the reduction of prices directly, it could be done in the most gradual manner, and regulated with a precision, equally consistent with the prosperity of the Colony and the advantage of the Mother Country; and I know that nothing is so much desired by our present worthy and benevolent Go- vernor, to whose liberal and enlightened policy we owe the privilege of indulging in these discussions, as a proper mode of reconciling and effecting these two ob- jects. The prices of provisions ought, of course, to be such, as will remunerate the settler until the Colony has attained such a state of maturity as to enable it to pay for the necessary imports, by the exports of the raw or staple produce of the soil. A discussion of this kind is, however, foreign to my present purpose, although I may revert to it at some future period, pro- vided I find that I am likely to be met in a fair field of discussion, and had a certainty that the clashing of opinions would not give offence, as in the present agi- tated question. To return to the subject. All the dollarists, and yourself amongst the number, seem to take it for granted, that the anti-dollarists are annoyed, because silver has been introduced to supersede their beloved Bank currency ! This is so ludicrous a mis- take, that I should find it difficult to believe it, if I did not hear the well-founded murmuring of the latter, attributed uniformly by the former, to that cause. It is very true, that the introduction of foreign bullion, as our circulating medium, is regarded by most of them as a retrograde step ; still, " this is not the rub." What is decidedly complained of, is, the introduction of said bullion, at the enhanced rate of 5s, when it is only worth 4s. 2d. elsewhere ; for it is quite evident, that notwithstanding any endeavour to the contrary, it must inevitably settle fixedly to the same value in this Colony ; the sooner this effect is established the better for the Colony; for, supposing the attempt to bolster \-------------------------------- * We beg leave to inform Democtilus that the devils in England have nothing to do with composing, there- fore they would be exempt from any such charge as typographical errors. In this country, however, we have no printing devil ; indeed, there is no occasion for having such an agent, as Satan himself is so busily engaged, we should be fearful of thus countenancing him, when it is our wish to behold all such characters expelled the community. ED. up the dollar were seriously attempted by the Go- vernment, the natural consequence would be a huge im- portation thereof, and more serious ultimate loss. If the dollars were stamped, or were passed into circulation at their intrinsic value, there would then be an immediate end to all our complaints. You speak of dollars as " a legal article of merchandize," in such a way as to give reason to conclude that the importation had been objected on that score. So far as I under- stand the subject, the only objection or complaint, arises from the Government compelling the Public to buy this merchandise at its own price, and not allowing them to purchase it at its real and intrinsic value. That I may not be misunderstood, it is necessary to say, that the mere exercise of its influence by the Government, so far as respects a great majority of its customers, is precisely the same as compulsion in any other situation. You observe, "that the circumstances of the Colony, agreeably to the theory of Adam Smith, would produce a rise in the exchange."—Although sorry to differ from such authority, I can by no means assent to this position; nay, I boldly say, that were the identical Ricardo, at- tended by the ghost of Adam Smith, suddenly to ap- pear amongst us, they would soon marshal themselves on my side, and say, that they saw no natural reason for a rise of the exchange in our community, whatever might have been their pre-conceived theories. The only appearance of this effect arises from a certain operation of the Government, which has been con- trived in such a way, as to appear to correspond to this pre-conceived theory. Still even now, the only ap- pearance of it, is in the Office of the Commissariat, where a small number of bills are offered to the Public, at a premium of 2½ per cent, upon the same dollars which have been issued and still continue issuing ; and which, instead of a rise of the rate of exchange, I can consider in no other light than as the beginning of an intended saving, which no doubt the Government means gradually to augment until the dollar reaches, or rather falls, to its real value of 4s. 2d. In the general market, there is no appearance whatever of a rise in the exchange, for Treasury bills pass, as formerly, from hand to hand at par. In fact, if the old system was once more resorted to of paying in store receipts, or even if the dollar was passed at its intrinsic value of 4s. 2d, or, which is still better, if it was made a co- lonial coin by stamping it, I most decidedly say, that there would be no rise of the exchange whatever, even should our imports double our exports. I shall try and prove this reasoning by applying it to your own assump- tions. Supposing, with you, that our imports amount to £250,000, and our means of payment to only £180,000, leaving us in debt to the extent of £70,000. For this, you say, we must buy a bill, or other equiva- lent, at any price, to repay it ; and that the excess, which we pay over and above the true value of the bill, is what is called exchange! Is it possible, that you can imagine a rise in the exchange would really enable us to pay this £70,000 ? That, although all our means of remittances were really sent out of the Colony, we, by making a sacrifice, could create fresh means? Re- flect one moment, and you will see that it is impossible. We must be compelled to wait until we again shear the fleeces from the backs of our sheep, kill more whales and seals, and sell more salt beef to the Government ; and then pay last year's debts out of this year's income. In fact, if our exports only amount to £180,000, should we even import to the amount of a million for a single year, yet in the long run, the Colony can only consume what it has the means of paying for, namely £180,000. All the surplus will remain on hand as a dead stock, and from the competition of the sellers ex- ceeding that of the buyers, goods will become very cheap, every body selling as low as they can, and many even cheaper than they purchased, according as their necessities compel them. In such a situation of things, although £1 sterling (if sterling is to be our circulating medium) will buy a larger quantity of the redundant articles, still this will have no effect in alter- ing the real nature of that same pound itself. Surely you do not imagine that in a year of scarcity our bushel measures have a natural disposition to contract them- selves, and again naturally expand in years of plenty ? Perhaps, you repel the idea with contempt? Still I do not hesitate to say, that it is equally reasonable with your own proposition. Nay more, if you consider the mat- ter fully, you will remain convinced of the fact your- self. [To be concluded. 