To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, Perhaps you may think any further observation on the state of the Colony, as arising from the present Course of the money exchange, altogether unneces- sary, after the truly luminous and unanswerable article which appeared in your last Gazette (Feb 13). But I am induced to intrude upon you a very few remarks, which perhaps you may not think wholly unappropriate. You have most ably exposed the real wolf who is threatening the sheep-fold ; and that it is not the set- tler who suffers from any alteration in the course of ex- change, but the class of individuals, who you have well designated " hungry shopkeepers," acting upon the im- pulse of the " vulturine merchant." These persons, it appears, make a terrible outcry, because the Government, in its wisdom, has thought proper to have a little con- sideration for the starving and truly pitiable state of the Mother Country ; and for this, so great a lamentation is made! As well might the mother be blamed who, find- ing her strength decline, and her very existence in dan- ger, discontinued giving her infant milk, when by so doing her own life was saved. To this the old answer is made, " what signifies the trifling half million which was during the last year of Governor Macquarie's administration, drawn from England, in comparison with the immense expenditure of the Empire?" But it was the last ounce which (in the fable) broke the camel's back! This year not forty thousand pounds will be drawn from home. Surely this very consideration, that such an immense saving has been made in the colo- nial expenditure, is of itself an answer to the " vulturine caviller." And, what great sufferings have been expe- rienced by the real Australasian in the cultivation of the land, even at the moment of the shock, which so great a change in the expenditure created ? Is there a single farm more advertised to be sold ? Are the public houses less thronged on the eve of the market-day? Is less rum (that bane of every thing good and desirable) drank than formerly ? Look at the demand for spirit licences, upwards of 200 applications are already made, producing to the revenue the enormous sum of thirty thousand dollars or £7500, colonial money. There are much fewer mortgages and warrants of attor- ney taken than formerly by the hungry shopkeeper, from the improvident settler. If so, this alone is a glorious proof of the advantage derived from the new order of things ; for it is well known, Mr Editor, that such was the system of trade adopted by most of the " hungry vultures" who alone have fattened by the prodigality with which bills on England were until lately drawn. When every other cause of complaint had been abun- dantly refuted, the late measure of Government, in paying the salaries at their denomination in English money, and in having its own revenue collected in a similar way, while it defrays its own expenditure in Spanish dollars, is now made a subject of complaint ; and where is the hardship of this, and upon whom does it fall? The dealer pays for his proof rum a duty of two dollars and fifty cents, instead of ten shillings, as formerly. If this should check the sale of that perni- cious article, so much the better; but will there be less wheat grown, or will the settler suffer by the change?—in no way. For wheat, the price of which is well known to be the standard, regulating that of every other article, will still be grown in increased abundance; and if not here, the surplus produce of Van Diemen's Land will always afford us an ample sup- ply. Where then is the mischief ?—None, Mr. Editor ; in reality, nothing but a phantom, a ghost, conjured up by the avaricious trader for his own base mercenary purposes. The greatest evil which has been brought upon this country, even during the very worst of times, has been the establishment of the Bank. This is a fact so well understood, that it requires no explanation : the false capital created by it, the facilities which it affords to the " hungry shopkeeper" and the " vulturine mer- chant" to carry on trade by discount upon discount, are quite palpable and notorious. The approaching dissolution of this body, by the expiration of the in- strument so improperly called a charter, will be a sub- ject of congratulation to the whole Colony. Men will then be obliged to swim by their own buoyancy alone, and the only difficulty to be encountered, will be to find a market for the surplus staple commodities, already known, and to render available the numerous others which this most rich and abundant Country affords. In the mean time, it will become necessary to adopt a little of that system of economy which the pressure of the time has so imperiously called for in Britain—and the adoption in wear and consumption of every article of colonial produce, the rejection of every thing foreign, that is not absolutely necessary cannot be too strongly recommended and enforced ; and in a short time, by merely calling into action our own resources, we shall and ourselves abundantly independent of external assistance. I am, Mr. Editor, Yours, &c.; A COLONIST. Sydney, Feb. 17, 1823. 