THE DOUBLE DISTILLED ; OR PROCESSION EXTRAORDINARY ! The goods folks of Sydney were entertained on Friday last with a grand and nouvel spectacle. No less a personage than the mighty King of Spirits made his first and triumphant entree into this loyal town. Music playing — banners flying — lads huzzaing— de- noted the approach of the imposing cavalcade. — Lest "the winds of Heaven" should "visit his face too roughly" his spirituous majesty was safely enclosed in a royal machine, ycleped a butt; from which he occa- sionally took a hasty glance at the admiring throng. This was the first occasion of his youthful person being shewn to a faithful people. The procession moved slowly forward from the palace, vulgarly called the Sydney distillery, in which his august form first saw the light of Heaven. He was accompanied in the parade with all due pomp. Four fine (not cream co- lored) animals (as the ladies would have said, if they had seen, them) were yoked to the vehicle, in which was seated his kingly person. He was supported on the right hand and on the left by a numerous train of courtiers; on whom he condescendingly bestowed his enlivening smiles, whenever his royal hand drew aside the curtain which, concealed him from the popu- lar gaze, to take a glimpse of the surrounding throng. When he arrived at the house of his host, he was po- litely ushered into the apartments prepared for his re- ception, by Mr. Underwood and the Gentlemen in waiting, amidst the acclamations of a delighted mul- titude ; and while the royal band played "See the conquering hero comes." A sumptuous feast was provided for the occasion; consisting of every deli- cacy the season could produce. His majesty, by his affability and gracious demeanour, enlivened the con- verse ; captivated both the heads and the hearts of his subjects; diffused gladness all round ; and really shewed himself to be not only a powerful potentate, but also a very pleasing companion. Such was his wish not to interrupt the harmony of the assembly, though they drew largeky on his good humour, that he did not think of withdrawing until he found himself almost exhausted with the constant and repaired proofs of devotion and attachment, manifested towards him by his numerous and affectionate subjects. Had the intelligence of our informant ended here, we should have rejoiced; but melancholy to relate, an accident happened, which occasioned a general gloom, and proved fatal to his majesty. An indisposition which was only slight at first, encreased suddenly to a very alarming degree; and just as he was on the point of retiring, he was seized with a convulsive agony, and gave up the ghost. He expired in the arms of his people, who rent the air with their lamentations. His royal body was opened for the purpose of being em- balmed, and, in order to ascertain the cause of his death: his medical advisers were not exactly agreed on this point. Some thought it might be from repletion, but the prevailing opinion seemed to be, that it pro- ceeded from exhaustion. Sic transit gloria mundi. We are happy to hear that the distillation of spirits from sugar is not likely to interfere with the interests of the farmer. Mr. Underwood, we are told, intends to export wheat, in proportion to the quantity of spirits distilled. We should, however, prefer the grain being used to sugar. The spirit would, we think, be more wholesome; and it would be much more satisfactory to see the farmers produce thus consumed. 