British Extracts. On Saturday last (July 19) died at Fleurs, near Kelso, the Duke of Roxburghe. His Grace suc- ceeded William (Bellenden), who succeeded John Ker, the Duke of Roxburghe so eminently known to the literary world as the Nobleman whose taste for old books led to the foundation of that club which bears his name. John was the last of the direct male branches of the ancient border family of Kers. His successor, William, was of a female branch from Earl Robert ; and we believe the Duke, now deceased, of another female branch from the same Earl. The descent and property have been the source of much litigation, but the heirdom at present clear in the person of the young Marquis of Beaumont, the only child of the deceased Duke. The Marquis (now Duke) is about five year of age: his father was nearly eighty when be died. A man of the name of W. Harris, a con- victed felon, now confined in the gaol of Portsmouth, has confessed that he was con- cerned with Hussey, and another man, of the name of Lee, in the murder of Mr. Bird and his housekeeper, at Greenwich, about five years ago; and he was also concerned in the murder of Lieut. Johnson, on the Deptford road, about nineteen years since. MARLBOROUGH-STREET.—Mary Pearce, better known at all the police-offices by the title of Lady Barrymore, was yesterday brought from St. Giles's watch-house before Mr. Dyer, the sitting Magistrate, charged with conduct very unbecoming a woman of her rank. Green, one of the beadles of St. Giles's parish, stated that he found her ladyship on the night before quite drunk, in the street, surrounded by a mob of about 50 persons, and kicking up a regular row. He attempted to take her to the watch-house, but so violent was her resistance being well instructed in the pugilistic art, that he was obliged to force her with great diffi- culty into a coach, and by that means convey her away. During the whole of this recital, her ladyship appeared at the bar as cute and modest as if she were in her pristine inno- cence; but no sooner did Mr. Dyer utter the words "Twenty-one days at the tread-mill," than the mild Lady Barrymore was suddenly transformed into the furious Mary Pearce. She d---d and b----ted the whole Magis- tracy, and every other species of authority, but in particular Mr. Dyer; and "suiting the action to the word," aimed a desperate blow at Green, the beadle, who stood rather near her, which, had it not missed its aim, would have soon made Mr. Green's face look black. As it was, he appeared rather blue, for she sent his hat flying to the opposite side of the office. The Magistrate now said he should add seven days more to her amusement at the tread-mill, and a month should be the period of her so- journ in the House of Correction. On the officers' proceeding to remove her, in obedi- ence to this sentence, she swore she would not move an inch, and her ladyship kicked and plunged within the bar as gracefully as a young colt first tried in harness. She directed ano- ther tremendous hit at Green's head, which he had also the good fortune to escape the full force of. At length, after a desperate struggle, her ladyship was by main strength literally carried to the strong-room, where she was left to prance about until the hour for removing her to her final destination. The absent Man.—A rich individual, resi- ding in the Chausse d'Antin, lately furnished a remarkable instance of absence of mind. On leaving 'Change he went home, his mind oc- cupied with the transactions of the morning. Finding the doors all wide open, and arrived without meeting with any obstruction in the dining-room, where he found the table covered for him and his wife, and the plate exposed at the mercy of the first person who might enter as he had, but with different intentions—" The rascals," muttered he, between his teeth, "the doors all open ! my plate exposed to pillage! where the devil are they? One might take away all the house!" These last words in- spired him suddenly with the idea of giving a lesson to his servants, which should make them more cautious in future. No sooner said than done. Our distrait, without more ado, ga- thered up the plate and filled his pockets with it. At this moment a door opened at the bottom of the room, and a lady and gentleman advanced, who, seeing a man disposing of the plate in the manner just described, began to call "thieves" with all their might. The house was instantly in a bustle; the servants ran and laid hold of the astonished gentleman, who then perceived his mistake. He had been deceived by the resemblance of the apartments to those of his own house, by a perfect cor- respondence of circumstances. His confusion may be imagined ; but as his character for probity was well known, his neighbours and friends found in this instance of abstraction only a subject for joke and laughter.—Paris Paper. ANNE BOLEYN.—in Houssaie's Memoirs, vol. 1, page 435, a little circumstance is re- corded concerning the decapitation of the unfortunate Anne Boleyn, which illustrates an observation of Hume.—Our historian notices that her executioner was a Frenchman of Ca- lais, who was supposed to be uncommonly skilful; it is probable that the following inci- dent may have been proved by tradition in France, from the account of the executioner himself. Anne Boleyn being on the scaffold, would not consent to have her eyes covered with a bandage, saying that she had no fear of death. All that the Minister, who assisted at her execution, could obtain from her was, that she would shut her eyes. But, as she was opening them at every moment, the execu- tioner was fearful of missing his aim, and was obliged to invent an expedient to behead the Queen. He drew off his shoes, and ap- proached her silently ; while he was at her left hand, another person advanced at her right, who made a great noise in walking, so that this circumstance drew the attention of Anne ; the turned her face from the executioner, who was enabled by this circumstance to strike the final blow without being disarmed by that spirit of affecting resignation which shone in the eye of the lovely but unfortunate victim. GHOSTS.—A very interesting little volume of ghost stories has just appeared, with which we have been uncommonly pleased, it being (to use the words of the preface) an humble attempt to counteract the belief in Ghosts and Spectres, and to prevent the pernicious con- sequences arising from the fear of them, by the exposure of the perfectly natural causes and means to which appearances deemed super- natural owe their origin. The alarm occasi- oned by an unexpected nocturnal phenomenon, and the horror consequent upon it, proceed chiefly from the inability to detect immediately the natural cause of phenomenon. In this volume the reader will find the solution of many such phenomena at first considered as supernatural, and he may collect from it a store of facts which may prove useful to him in guiding his judgment, should he himself meet with any adventure of an apparently mysterious nature. He will thereby be enabled to detect more readily the natural cause of whatever befalls him : he will be relieved the sooner from his anxiety, and will be the less liable to form wrong conclusions of the matter. A fact which argues powerfully against the reality of Ghosts is, that they are never seen by any one who disbelieves their existence, and that they never venture to appear where preparations are made for receiving them with due respect. Spirits have lost the confidence which they formerly placed in the living, be- cause in general their adventures terminate rather disagreeably ; since it has become the fashion to lie in wait for them with cudgels and pistols, and to spoil their nocturnal sport so effectually, that they take good care not to play the same game a second time. It is fear, superstition, and a heated imagination that create spectres and all their train; sober, scrutinizing reason finds nothing of the kind. He whose head is filled with superstitious no- tions and nurses but too often introduce an abundant store of them into the infant mind— need but on retiring to rest, hang a white great coat on a peg, perch his hat on this top, and set his boots underneath, and when he wakes in the night, he will be sure to perceive by the faint light of the moon, the very figure ; either of a friend whom he has recently lost, or of the late occupant of his chamber ; nay, he will not only see him, but on listening, he will even hear deep sighs burst from his labouring bosom. We give the following as a speci- men :— " In the year 1704, a gentleman, to all ap- pearance of large fortune, took furnished lodgings in a house in Soho-square. After he had resided there some weeks with his es- tablisment, he lost his brother, who had lived at Hampstead, and who on his death bed particularly desired to be interred in the family vault at Westminster Abbey. The gen- tleman requested his landlord to permit him to bring the corpse of his brother to his lodg- ings, and to make arrangements there for the funeral. The landlord, without hesitation, sig- nified his compliance. "The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accordingly brought in a very handsome coffin, and placed in the great dining-room. The funeral was to take place the next day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the necessary preparations for the solemnity. He staid out late ; but this was no uncommon thing. The landlord and his family, conceiv- ing that they had no occasion to wait for him, retired to bed as usual, about twelve o'clock. One maid servant was left up to let him in, and to boil some water, which he desired might be ready for making tea on his return. The girl was sitting all alone in the kitchen, when a tall, spectre looking figure entered, and clapped itself down in a chair opposite to her. " The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex ; but she was terrified beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this unexpected apparition. Uttering a loud scream, she flew out like an arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of her master and mis- tress. Scarely had she awakened them, and communicated to the whole family some por- tion of the fright with which she was herself overwhelmed, when the spectre, enveloped in a shroud, and with a death-like paleness, made its appearance, and sat down in a chair in the bed-room, without their having observed how it entered. The worst of all was, that this chair stood by the door of the bed-chamber, so that not a creature could get away without passing close to the apparition, which rolled its glaring eyes so frightfully, and so hideously distorted its features, that they could not bear to look at it. The master and mistress crept under the bed-clothes, covered with profuse perspiration, while the maid-servant sunk nearly insensible by the side of the bed. "At the same time the whole house seemed to be in an uproar; for though they had co- vered themselves over head and ears, they could still hear the incessant noise and clatter, which served to increase their terror. " At length all became perfectly still in the house. The landlord ventured to raise his head, and to steal a glance at the chair by the door ; but, behold, the ghost was gone ! Sober reason began to resume its power. The poor girl was brought to herself after a good deal of shaking. In a short time, they plucked up sufficient courage to quit the bed-room and to commence an examination of the house, which they expected to find in great disorder. Nor were their anticipations unfounded. The whole house had been stripped by artful thieves, and the gentleman had decamped without paying his lodging. It turned out that he was no other than an accomplice of the notorious Arthur Chambers, who was ex- ecuted in Tyburn in 1706 ; and that the sup- posed corpse was this arch rogue himself, who had whitened his hands and face with chalk, and merely counterfeited death. About mid- night he quitted the coffin, and appeared to the maid in the kitchen. When she flew up stairs, he softly followed her, and seated at the door of the chamber, he acted as a senti- nal, so that his industrious accomplices were enabled to plunder the house without the least molestation." 