HORRIBLE FANATICISM. CRUCIFIXION OF A FEMALE.---A book has been just pub- lished in Paris, intitled " Narrative of the Atrocities c m- mitted in the canton of Zurich, in 1823, by a Fanatical Association." The details are of so horrible a nature, that one would be led to discredit their authenticity, had they not been publicly and juridically proved before the tribunals of Zurich. The following is an abstract of the principal facts:--- In the northern part of the canton of Zurich is a little village, or hamlet, named Weldensbuch, the inhabitants of which, amounting to about five-and- twenty families, are employed in agriculture Amongst these, the family of Jean Peter was considered to be the most prosperous and happy, until the deplorable event which has plunged them into misery and ignominy. Marguerite Peter, aged twenty-eight years, one of the six children of Jean Peter, had acquired for some years back, amongst the fanatics of the country, a reputation for sanctity. She was considered a woman endowed with supernatural knowledge, and intrusted with a mission from heaven to relume the torch of faith. Her natural enthusias- tic temperament had been excited and nourished by preach- ings to such a pitch, as to give her, in the ignorant eyes of those around her, an air of inspiration. By this means she had insensibly acquired a most unbounded influence over her father, her brothers, sisters, and servants, and had even succeeded in forming numerous assemblies of persons of both sexes and all ages, who, in these pious orgies, delivered themseves up to the most revolting practices that folly and su- perstition can suggest. On Saturday morning, the 15th, at about ten o'clock, a great number of persons, many of whom had been specially sent for by Marguerite, had assembled in the house. Maguerite made them ascend into one of the upper rooms, and there declared to them in a prophetic tone, that " the day was at hand when blood shall be shed for a multitude of souls, and that there was not a moment to be lost if they wished to snatch the victory from Satan." "I see," added she, " the ghost of my grandmother, who reveals to me, that in order to save the souls of my father and brother, it is necessary that one of us should lay down his life. I myself am ready to give mine in order to redeem with my blood the souls of several millions of the living and the dead." She concluded by ordering those persons present to strike their breasts with their hands, which they accordingly did. After this exordium she seized an iron mallet, and inflicted several blows with it upon her brothers, Ursula Kundig, and John Moser. Their blood soon flowed in abundance, and the life of her brother had nearly paid the forfeit of the holy vigour with which she applied the mallet. He was hurried away from her devout fury in the arms of a female servant named Marguerite Jaeggli. Elizabeth Peter then offered herself as the first victim, upon which her sister Marguerite, and her friend Ursula Kundig, fell to striking her upon the head until she expired under their blows. Her sister Susanna, and Henry Ernst, helped on the work of blood also with the handle of a large scissors, and a piece of timber torn from the partition. Marguerite then declared to those present, that her sister, though apparently dead, was alive in the spirit, and the Lord would not fail to recal her to visible life. Then announcing her own resurrection as an appronching event, she commenced preparations for her own suffering. It may be asked what was Peter, the father of the family, doing during these hideous scenes? He was in a room below stairs, very calmly occupied with his domestic affairs. He saw with indifference his son brought down bathed in blood, and in a dying state, and he awaited with great calm- ness the dreadful catastrophe preparing above stairs, so com- pletely had a stupid fanaticism stifled in his heart every natural sentiment. In the mean time Marguerite seated her- self upon the bed on which was the still palpitating body of her sister, and commenced striking herself on the head with the iron mallet ; but not satisfied with self execution, she com- manded Ursula Kundig to take the fatal instrument and try her hand. This did not even content her, for she exclaimed that as she was the expiatory victim offered by Christ to his Father for the ransom of several millions of souls, it was neces- sary that she should not only die, but die the death of the Cross. At these words Ursula and the others present shuddered ; but she became indignant at their weakness, and said to her friend, " What, you do not wish to do anything for Christ? take courage, strike; may God strengthen your arm !" At this command Ursula redoubled her blows, and the blood which soon followed in abundance, was received in a bucket. This was termed the precious pledge of the redemption of many. Marguerite then called for a razor, and told Ursula to scar her with it round the neck, and to make a crucial incision on her forehead. The trembling hand of Ursula at first refused the horrible office; but Marguerite aroused her courage by say- ing, " May God strengthen your arm---now is the moment of victory--the souls are ransomed---Satan is vanquished--I see him plunging into darkness." During the operation, she gave n signs of pain, nor uttered the slightest complaint, unless against the irresolution of her executioner. But all was not yet accomplished. She said that she must be crucified. "What fear you ?" said she to those around her on seeing them hesitate. "My hour is come; I am going to resuscitate my sister, and I myself shall come to life in three days." She then had some pieces of timber placed upon the bed in form of across. Upon these she laid herself, and at her request John Moser, Susannah Peter, and Ursula Kundig, commenced nailing her to the cross. Following her reiterated orders, they drove nails into her hands and feet, and into the articulation of her elbows, and through her breasts. Marguerite, in the midst of these hellish operations, never uttered the slightest plaint. She only found fault with the want of vigour of her exe- cutioners. From time to time she exclaimed, " I feel no pain, be strong, in order that Jesus Christ may conquer." Thus fixed upon the cross, and so transpierced with nails that her body was but one wound, she cried in a loud voice," Rejoice you with me, that God may rejoice with you in heaven!" and at another moment, '' As the woman in labour cannot retard the hour of her deliverance, so must my death-warrant be accomplished, in order that the souls yet in the power of Satan may be saved." To Conrad Moser, who endeavoured repeatedly to persuade her to put an end to her sufferings, she only replied, " Do what I command you." The cru- cifixion beingcompleted, Maguerite told them to drive a nail into her heart, or to split her head. Ursula Kundig, who obeyed most implicitly to the wishes of her friend, endea- voured to pierce her skull with a knife, but the point turning, she cried out in a frantic transport, and looking at those near her with a wild and haggard air, " What! must I do every thing myself ?---Will no one come to my aid ?" Upon hearing this apostrophe, and after a fresh order from Marguerite, the youngest of the Mosers seized an iron mallet, and aided by Ursula Kundig, soon broke to pieces the skull of the victim. A low moan announced to them that the horrid ministry was at an end, then the unfortunate wretch ceased to breathe. When the slaughter was over, and that the hellish excitation of Ihe perpetration had subsided a little, some feelings of horror came over them. At the sight of the mutilated bodies they shed tears in abundance, and evinced, if not remorse, at least - inquietude. However they soon reassured themselves by the conviction that they had performed the most sacred of duties, in obeying the inspired commands of one whose death was to bring salvation to thousands. All these individuals were taken up, and transferred to the prisons of Zurich, whither also the bodies of the victims were transported, and examined in the presence of several members of the tribunals, physicians, sur- geons, and several students. Never probably was there a more hideous spectacle than that offered upon the occasion, by those mutilated and mangled bodies, streaming with a thou- sand wounds, black and vivid from numberless blows and con- tusions. Near them were exposed the instruments of death, covered with clotted gore, and portions of flesh, brain, and hair. Eleven individuals were tried upon this occasion. Each of them addressed the court, and made a public avowal of their monstrous conduct. None of them were condemned to death. The sentence was, that they should be led through the streets in the day time, the bells ringing, to the town-hall, and there hear the judgment of the court read ; from thence they were to be conducted to the principal chu ch, there to listen to a sermon analogous to the occasion; after which, they were to be confined in the house of correction. The house of Jean Peter was ordered to be razed to the ground, the materials to be sold for the benefit of the poor, with the ex- ception of the furniture of the room in which the murders were committed, which was to be burned. It was moreover expressly forbid ever to erect any building upon the site of the house of Jean Peter. The Cantonal Consistory was charged with looking to the support and condition of a child of Mar- guerite Peter, the fruit of an adulterous commerce with Jacques Morf, who is a shoemaker. She seemed to have been devotedly attached to him ; a part of one of her letters to him is as follows :---" Ah, why are you more dear to me than my mouth can utter? Why have I wished so much to love you? The Friday after your departure I again ascended the hill where we took leave of each other. I kept my eyes fixed for a long time upon the spot where you live.---I rec gnised the chateau of Kybourg. Since that moment I have often fallen into my delicious reverie." Were it not for the wise precau- tion of the magistrates, in exposing the bodies of the victims to public view, their promised resurrection would have been soon spread through the country and credited by the fanatics. The authors of this narrative state their regret at not being at liberty to expose to public indignation the measures put in practice to trouble the peace of the Canton of Zurich, and ex- cite a spirit of fanaticism there. AUSTRALIA: PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY R. HOWE. 