Supreme Criminal Court FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, Before the Chief Justices. The following prisoners received sentence :— William Chapman, for manslaughter to be trans- ported to Port Macquarie for 2 years. William Henesy, William Lovel, Samuel Phipps, and Edward Mahon (capital respites), for a high- way robbery on the person of Thomas Shear, a private in the 3d (Buffs), at Rollin's Plains, Port Macquarie, on the 3d of June last—Death. Samuel Adams, and Thomas Bayley, for stealing a bullock, the property of Messrs. Berry and Wollstonecraft, from their estate at Shoalhaven, on the 22d of June last—Judgment of death recorded. Thomas Bayley and William Brown, who pleaded guilty to a grand larceny, in the house of Mr. William Smith, overseer to Messrs. Berry and Wollstonecraft, at Shoalhaven, on the 6th of Aug, last—To be transported for 7 years. John Flood, for a grand larceny in the house of Mr. William Smith, at Shoalhaven, on the 6th of Aug. last ; and for a burglary and robbery in the same premises, on the 18th of July last—Death. Dennis Keefe was indicted for burning 2 stacks of corn, the property of Messrs. Berry and Woll- stonecraft, at Shoalhaven, on the 1st of July last.— Not Guilty. Remanded on a fresh information. John M'Cartney was indicted for a highway robbery, and taking from the person of John Jeffer- son Napier, 13 sovereigns, 3 dollars, a silver watch, and a hat, at Sydney, on the evening of the 1st of September last. John Jefferson Napier deposed, that he is servant to Captain Piper, and resides on his estate at Eliza Point ; that he was in Sydney on the 1st of Septem- ber; that he was crossing the Race-course be- tween 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening, on his return home, and not being certain as to the direction he was taking, he accosted the prisoner, and asked him if he (witness) was on the direct road to Point Piper ; the prisoner said he was not, and offered to accompany him, and shew him the way, for which witness promised to reward him. On the way, witness called into the shop of a man named Quigley, in Market- street, who advised him not to proceed on that night, but to remain in Sydney. The prisoner, who stood waiting outside the door during this conversation, now put in his head, and sad, " It ¡s I who am going to shew him the way!" and Quigley replied, '* very good, I know you." Witness and the prisoner then proceeded across the Race- course, and as they went forward, the prisoner pretended to stumble, caught hold of wit- ness, and attempted to pull him down also. Wit- nets began to suspect the prisoner's object, and re- fusing to go any farther, he turned back ; and about 6 yards from the place where the prisoner attempted to pull him down, he received a blow on the head from behind, which brought him to the ground. The blow was not given by the prisoner, as he stood on witness's right hand, and the blow came from the left. When witness bad recovered from the effects of the blow, he found that his watch and money had been taken from his pocket, and saw the prisoner with witness's hat in his hand, in company with another man, run across the Course towards the new prison. Witness then returned into town, and gave information to the police of the robbery, and on the following morn- ing while talking to Mr. Dunn, the chief con- stable, the prisoner passed by handcuffed, on his way to the watch-house, and witness immediately recognized him as the man by whom he had been robbed the preceding evening. Mr. Thomas Dunn, Chief Constable, deposed, that the last witness came to his house between 6 and 7 o'clock on the morning of the 2d of Septem- ber, to inquire if any intelligence had been ob- tained respecting the robbery on the preceding evening. While they stood at the door, the priso- ner passed by in custody of some constables on his way to No. 6 watch-house, and as he went by ap- peared to turn his head on one side; the last witness immediately said, that was the man who robbed him ; and upon being brought to him in the watch- house, he fully identified him. Court.—The prosecutor did not mention that he had been to Quigley's with the person in the pre- ceding evening. Peter Quigley deposed, that Napier came into his shop on the evening of the 1st of September, and asked if he was on the way to Point Piper ; he was intoxicated, and witness advised him not to proceed that night, but to remain in Sydney. While they were talking, the prisoner, whom he knew by sight, from his having sometimes pur- chased some articles in the shop, put in his head, and said " I am going to show him the way." Witness replied, very well, I know you, and then they went away. Patrick Nolan, in the employ of Quigley, cor- roborated the evidence of the last witness. Thomas Ford and Benjamin Nichols, constables, apprehended the prisoner about 3 o'clock in the morning of the 2d of September, near the Brick- fields, for being out after hours ; they had not at that time heard of the robbery. The prisoner, in his defence, called Felix McCabe, who deposed, that he keeps a public-house in Market-street; that, on the evening of the 1st of September, between 7 and 8 o'clock, two men came into the house, and called for some liquor. Witness understood that one was going to treat the other for shewing him the way to Point Piper; previous to drinking the liquor one of the men put his hand into his pocket to get the money to pay for it, and after searching found only three-halfpence; he then wanted witness to give him the drink, and said he would pay when he next came to Sydney, which witness refused to do, and they both went away; believes the prisoner was one of the men. By the Court.—Keeps a public-house; has been here nine years, and came as a prisoner; has no assistance in his house except his own family; there were none of them present at the time; would not know the other man again; the prisoner sent a letter from the gaol about a fortnight ago, remind- ing him of the circumstances; did not go to see him in consequence; cannot say how the prisoner was dressed ; might remember the other man's appearance. This witness was here confronted with the prose- cutor, who denied ever having been in his house at all. The Chief Justice summed up the evidence, and stated that this was a highway robbery under very aggravated circumstances, supposing the facts to be true as related by the party. All the details were borne out by the other witnesses, as far as going to Quigley's house, for which reason he was anxious to know of Mr. Dunn if the prosecutor had mentioned, on the following morning, that the man who robbed him was known to Quigley, which would have been a very natural circumstance, and a fair account that he had recollection sufficient to be able to speak positively to the other parts of his testimony ; but, as the auxiliary evidence, which would have been afforded by that powerful circum- stance was wanted, the case entirely turned upon the solitary testimony of one witness. It was for the Jury to act upon their own impression of the case, and to consider how far the witness, called in behalf of the prisoner was entitled to credit. Guilty.—Remanded. We have been favoured this day (Saturday) with some interesting particulars regarding the suppres- sion of bushranging in the Bathurst Country, which we are reluctantly induced to postpone to our next. -oooooo - From the last Australian we copy the following precious scrap, so highly honourable from the ap- parition of one Newspaper to the ghost of another : " Extract of a letter, dated Singapore, August 14, and addressed to the Editor of the Austra- lian. " The Editor of the Singapore Chronicle sends you his Journal for your perusal. Your Paper has the highest character here and at Batavia." We are particularly happy on the receipt of such information as this, since it must be rather gratify- ing to our contemporary to understand, that his Pa- per has arrived at its climax at Singapore and Bata- via, where they know more about a cheroot, and the cholera morbus, than they do about either the ma- nagement or the *' high character" of a Newspaper. 