TO THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY GAZETTE. " Now the essence of a duty is equality and justice; and " if an evasion is effected by one set of persons, those who " have paid the whole duty were actually robbed of that " portion of money, which they paid over and above that " sum paid by their neighbours."-Chancellor of Exche- quer's Speech in the House of Commons ,2d March, 1824. SIR, In my last letter I endeavoured to shew how in- jurious the present duties are to the interests of the Colony generally -to the Public, as well as to the Government. I must now beg a corner to shew the operation of these restrictions upon in dividuals. Of course, if there were no duties there would be no smuggling; and it is not until du ties have become excessive that men find any pro fit in evading them. The most rational and hu- mane method, therefore, to prevent smuggling, is to reduce the duties to such a moderate scale, as to hold out no inducement to the illicit trader to transgress the law. Nobody is more aware of the truth of this position, than the present en- lightened members of the British Government ; and although, from necessity, they have been slow and cautious in acting on these principles, seeing the heavy responsibility they have lain under of raising a sum, which will astonish many of your Readers, amounting in some years to one million dollars every day, to pay the interest of the debt, army, navy, and council of the country ; yet they no sooner began to raise income above ex- penditure, than measures were immediately taken to relieve the public burthens, by reducing the duties on most of the principal exciseabie articles as salt, leather, spirits, &c.; together with the cus toms upon raw silk ; for, with all their thousands of custom-house officers, landing waiters and tide waiters, and a whole army of excisemen, aided by the preventive service and revenue cutters, sta- tioned all round the coast of Great Britain, and in that part opposite the French coast, so close together, during the night, as to be within hail of each other ; either in row-guard boats, painted the colour of the water, or, sword in hand, pacing the dreary beach ; yet, with all these precau- tions - backs by licenses - stock taking - and the permission given to revenue officers to enter dealers houses at all hours, in search of suspected goods - yet, nothing has been able to prevent smuggling; and, according to the evidence of William Hale, Esq. a most respectable silk manu- facturer in Spitalfields given before the Committee of the House of Commons, any merchant in France or Holland, for the trifling charge of 10 per cent. by way of insurance for the risk, would engage to deliver his goods to the buyer in London, free of dut¡es; and this system had grown up to a re- gular organized, and most profitable business to the destruction of a certain portion of the fair traders who paid their duties. Therefore, if the British Government, with all this host of officers, changed every two or three days, to prevent collu sion, and the terrors of that modern Star Chamber, the Court of Exchequer, hanging over the heads of offenders, - with all the dearest interests of the country at stake, in keeping up the national credit, by the most punctual payment of the dividends, half of which are derived from the Customs and Excise ; if they cannot prevent smuggling, with such great advantages and inducements, how is it possible it can be prevented here in New South Wales, where we are almost in a state of nature, our very metropolis of Sydney, still being better known by the term " the camp" than any other ? [The?] very idea is absurd. Fifty years hence the [case?] may be different, and we may be expected to pay our own expenses then, but at present to think of raising a large colonial fund, out of the [markets?] of the people, is premature. Ministers at home don't expect it ; on the contrary, they look [on?] this Colony as a penal establishment, the general receptacle for all the convicts of Great Britain and Ireland, and as such, lay their account to a heavy annual expenditure, on account of this Colonv, [maligned?] Mr Hume, and his penny-wise and pound foolish systems of retrenchment. If a certain sum be necessary - so it be laid out for the general good - no one will complain - the soundest way of raising it, is as the Congress of the United Slate« do, by a small ad valorem duty on every thing im ported; for any heavy particular duly will be constantly evaded, and while it is productive of vice and crime, it brings ruin and litigation and empty coffers into the bargain. Look at our port - look at our coast - what is to prevent a ship load of spirits and tobacco being landed any night in the week, in our magnificent harbour of a hundred coves? - and outside the heads, whichever way you go, whether to the northward, or to the straits of Van Diemen's Land, what is to prevent a fleet of ships landing cargoes of their commodity, if they were inclined ; perhaps in the whole globe, there is not a country so formed by nature, in its peculiar indentations of coast, to facilitate smug gling, as New South Wales. Let us therefore ex- punge the very term from our Australian dic- tionary, ['til?] the vices and the wars of this southern world some thousand years hence may bring ¡t into use again, with all the sweets of heavy tax- ation, national debt, and all the train of evils now experienced in the old world. It is very well known, that while the trade of Sydney is almost at a stand still, and has been for many months, masters of ships coming to the harbour, particularly of prison ships, find a very good sale for their private investments of spirits and tobacco, not withstanding the duty. ' It needs no ghost come from the grave to tell us" how this is managed. How beautiful the system works! We tax ourselves enormously upon articles [too?] now because the necessaries of life, and for which vvhi'e we are filling the pockets of private ad- venturers, who have no expensive establishments - nor any interest in the Colony - but come in ships and merely touch and go - all paid by the con- sumer eventually - our public officers are exhausted \- the balance of the colonial fund is not pub- lished, as formerly, which does not look well, and there are thousands of pounds of property lying rotting and leaking in that limbo, the bonded store, as useless, and nearly as unsaleable as if [it?] were at the bottom of the sea. Reserving my other remarks for another letter, I will recur to vour recollection that well known axiom of Dr. Adam Smith's, that " taxes imposed, with a view " to prevent importation, are evidently as destruc- " tive of the revenue as of the freedom of trade." Your's, &c.; Andrew Freeport 