Colonial Times. HOBART TOWN : FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1825. The Hobart Town Gazette, and Van Diemen's Land Advertiser, which for nearly ten years has been the only vehicle of communication in this Colony, is now no more ! In our last we briefly stated the causes by which we have been induced to present our Journal to our Readers under another designation. The pira- tical assumption of our late title, by the Go- vernment Printers, would have been of little consequence to us, because where there is a competition, each party must (as far as the public patronage is concerned) prosper or de- cline, as he may fairly deserve. The public judgment, if left to itself, is always accurate. He who merits the reward, will always obtain it. We therefore felt no resentment at the mere pirating our designation ; because we were aware that such, if it was unaccompanied with other interferences, could do us no inju- ry. But not so. Our letters have been inter- cepted, as appeared by the insolent avowal of the interceptors themselves. Advertisements intended for us, have been withheld ; our Subscribers tampered with ; and every en- gine, which official power and ministerial in- fluence can bring to bear, has been put in ope- ration against us.—Now, although we have no doubt that an appeal to the Law would have replaced us in the full possession of those rights, which as we have said again and again have been most foully invaded, yet to repeat our language of last week, as we place no value upon mere appellations, and as, we trust, we shall always maintain the decided superiority we have the gratification to hold in the public estimation upon other and very dif- ferent grounds, we have, at present determined upon leaving the Govt. Printers in the pos- session of their ill-acquired spoil. It is unne- cessary to say any thing as to the manner in which this Journal will continue to be con- ducted. The Public will look to the future by the experience of the past. Indeed the rules by which we are governed are few and simple. They are such as ought to influence all Jour- nalists, except the menials of the greatest evil in any community—an Hireling Press. We have no purposes to serve ; no cause to advo- cate ; no object to gain. The public interests alone do we recognize, as influencing us ; the public patronage alone do we look to, for sup- port. Above all we shall continue, carefully and rigidly to exclude from our columns, any, even the most remote interference with the sacred privacy of domestic life. A private li- beller is a public assassin ; and bad indeed must that cause be, which can only be defend- ed by such detestable means. The Government Gazette of last week pro- duced a most mysterious article, on the sub- ject of the great privilege of Britons, the right of "Trial by Jury." We do not pretend to more comprehension than our neighbours, but we certainly cannot understand at all which side of the question the writers mean to take. It is one of their productions which can be adopted to either part of the argument. They set out with a panegyric upon the decision of His Honor the CHIEF JUSTICE, in which we not only agree, but have expressed the senti- ments to which it gave rise in us, not perhaps in so fulsome a strain, but with quite as much admiration of the learning, patience, and inte- grity evinced by the Chief Justice on that oc- casion. But the Gazette writers shift the question. It is not as to the Judge's decision that any complaints are made ; on the very contrary, the whole Island is convinced that the Law as it stands, was most accurately in- terpreted. But it is the Law itself, by which these Colonies are now governed, which it is sought to alter, to the effect of restoring to the Inhabitants their just rights as British sub- jects, and which are now withheld from them, by the very Law of which they complain. We trust then, that the people will not allow their exertions to relax, in consequence of the shift- ing and shufflings of the hired writers, who, our Readers may rest assured, will never suf- fer us to possess either Trial by Jury, or any other popular right, if they can prevent it.— We extract the following passage from the ar- ticle on which we are commenting, as an in- stance of the most unintelligible contradictory nonsense which ever appeared in, print to any people who possessed the reasoning faculty :— "The voice of this infant Colony may perhaps proclaim, with truth, that its circumstances are ripe for this inestimable privilege. The wisdom of Parliament has hitherto, as we con- ceive very properly, withheld it, regarding us as a penal Settlement, in which justice ought to be dispensed by a Judge and seven Mili- tary Officers. Nevertheless, Trial by Jury is so dear to every Englishman, so paramount in importance to every one of us, who view it as our birthright, that we hope, nay we are con- vinced, it will be bestowed the moment we are found prepared to receive it. The Colonial Go- vernment have too watchful and too anxious an eye for our welfare, to bereave us, for one hour longer than is necessary, of a right which would so materially enhance our collective and individual consequence." Here we are told, that the wisdom of Parliament has most properly withheld this privilege, while at the same time the broad admission is made, that it would materially enhance our collective and individual consequence if we had it ! If this is not a down- right straight forward contradiction, we know not what it is. The Gazette writers admit, that it will be bestowed "the moment we are pre- pared to receive it ;" and in the same breath t\hey confess " the circumstances of the Colony are ripe for this inestimable privilege !" Then why do we not receive it ! We have all along contended that we are in every way prepared for it. We agree with Mr. BIGGE, that this Colony is, of the two, the most fit for the resto- tation of that right. What then does the hired writer mean by his unintelligible verbo- sity, his yes, and no ; his hot and cold, on this important subject. He is with us, to the ear, but against us to the touch : he will shift, and wriggle, and shuffle, to keep us from our pur- pose as long as he can, by all sorts of manoe- vring ; but, depend on it Tasmanians, when- ever you get him to the point, that be can no longer evade you, he will turn round upon you, and preserve his part of the produce of the Taxes in any way he can, even by the most open opposition to your dearest interests. He talks about "fustian." Why he is all fustian. We never read so perfect a specimen of what li- terary men designate by that appellation, as the article on which we are now commenting. One string of unmeaning sentences, of contradictory assertions, expressed in what we suppose he considers fine words ; but which we declare to be the real, simple, pure, and genuine fustian,— and that of the very coarsest Grub-street manu- facture. We are sorry our limits prevent our giving it entire to our Readers, instead of a specimen of the superlative nonsense of which it consists—the unintelligible mixture of unmeaning words ! There is a sort of half comprehensible insinuation, that there are some here who would oppose the restoration of the right of Trial by Jury : we know it. All those who eat the public bread, particularly if they do so in idleness, would oppose it, manibus pe- dibusque. But we can assert, and defy con- tradiction, that every Independent Inhabitant of the whole Colony, who is not directly or indi- rectly connected with Government, would hail the restoration of that right as the greatest blessing we could receive. To be sure, the Government folks are the only persons whose approbation the Government Gazette writers recognize : all the rest are, we suppose, those to whom they applied the elegant, the deco- rous, the commonly decent appellation "mo- ving vermin !" You, Tasmanians, who dare venture to express your honest sentiments, as to your country's rights, you are " moving vermin ! " This was indeed a phrase, to the adoption of which we never saw the Periodi- cal Press descend, even in the most rancorous times of political hostility ; but least of all, to come forth in the Official Government Gazette, Published by Authority, paying the writer £300 a-year out of the Taxes, levied upon the industry, coming out of the pockets of His Majesty's subjects, resident in this Colony, to whom is indecently applied this coarse and in- sulting phrase, this " moving vermin" appella- tion ! And this is the method of obtaining the Public support, adopted by the writers of the Government Gazette, a Journal which, accord- ing to the Sydney Mouth-piece, was to be con- ducted by a very " Colossus of Literature," one who, in his turn boasted, that he would "put us down in a week !" We repeat our former re- mark, pretty putting down he has made of it ! Our Brother of the Quill (the Govt. Goose Quill) has entertained his Readers with what they, of the Government offices, no doubt con- sider to be another most witty and entertain- ing production. We shall offer a very few remarks upon it. We pass over the unintel- ligible "fustian" with which it opens, and proceed to one particular point, to which we request the public attention. We are con- vinced we shall be borne out in the assertion, that if the Government Gazette writer makes bold unqualified assertions, positively stating that he can prove them,—and if when such are flatly contradicted, and his proofs called for, he either refuses or fails to do so, that he stands forth as a malignant libeller. Let us see then whether he is in this situation. In the article in his last number, now under observation, there is the following passage :— " We nevertheless again declare, that his wri- tings tend to ruin and desolate the land—nay, to produce crime, dissatisfaction, and public misery ! That such is their tendency, we can prove."—Our Readers will of course be aware that this most serious, and we assert most false charge, is made against an individual connected with us, who has been from the very commencement of the Government Ga- zette, the unceasing object of the most coarse personal abuse ; to vilify whom appears in- deed the principal business of that Journal. Now the Government Gazette writer is pledged to prove these serious charges. We defy him ! We call upon him to produce his proofs ! we dare him to offer even a shadow of such ! we know that he cannot do so, and we therefore charge him again to his head, with wilful and malignant falsehood, coarse and shameless personal defamation ! It is however worthy notice, that he has as usual shifted a little in this article. The writings of the individual alluded to, now only tend to effect these purposes. In the former one, they were charged as being written with the very intention so to do ! But these shufflings, contemptible as they are, shall not avail him. We close with him even with his modi- fications. We dare him to prove that the wri- tings he alludes to, can bear even by the con- structions of his evil and malicious imaginati- on, the imputations he has put upon them. We " hurl a proud defiance in his teeth,"—and grapple with him on his own grounds,—re- peating, that if he does not come forward and give the proofs which he has so boldly promised, that he will stand confessed to the Public, as he is, a false and malignant defa- mer of private reputation ! He goes on, " who this man personally is, becomes ano- ther question." Now to his ignorance, his consummate ignorance, of all the usages and customs connected with the Public Press, this mean and pitiful assault can only be at- tributed. An instance was never before known, (except in the cases we lately men- tioned) in the whole history of the News- paper Press, of such allusions being made by persons engaged in one Journal, as to those occupied in another. For what is it to him from whose pen come the writings to which he has to oppose his own ! It is the writings themselves, and the writings alone, which he is called upon to answer, and if he can- not do so without entering into the News- paper office and attacking the " men," whom he may find there, he must be but little cal- culated to conduct even a penny ballad shop ! If we could laugh at any part of the personal malignancy contained in every line of his writings, it would be at that passage, where he talks of the individual he is abus- ing " handling matters of politics beyond his reach ! ! !" And this too from the driveller who has never yet in any one of his produc- tions attempted, even offered the ghost of an argument in support of the measures of his patrons ! not one single line ! nothing but personal abuse of one poor humble indivi- dual ! We cannot at all understand what is meant by the following passage :—" In con- clusion, we admonish him to touch less on certain points, he himself best knows our al- lusion, lest, in a freak, we should take up one or his sentences, and tear it and him in tatters for the public derision !" What means the empty declaimer by this pompous flourish ? what are these "certain points" to which he alludes ? what are these " senten- ces" which, together with the writer, he could "tear in tatters !" Why, the base calumniator ! does he suppose such a threat as this can excite any other feeling in the mind of the individual to whom it is address- ed, than that of the most profound, the most ineffable, the most unspeakable contempt ! What ! does the wretched calumniator ima- gine that his most imbecile vapourings can excite any other emotions ! Let the base threatener come forth ! let the Public see what this half-uttered denunciation means : or let him cover his head in shame, if he has any, at so cowardly an attempt at assassina- tion, without the courage to consummate the half- perpetrated act ! Let him come forth, we say again ! we dare him ! we defy him ! we despise him ! In the same strain of ran- corous mis-representation, of direct false- hood, is the assertion, so daringly unfound- ed, that the individual (to calumniate whom appears to be the object, for which alone this wretched production the Government Gazette is called into ephemeral existence), has boasted of " surprizing intellect, deep reading" and other attributes, which none but an ideot could appropriate to himself. The individual alluded to, has too perfect a knowledge of the accuracy of the public judgment, not to be convinced that such empty boastings would soon bring down upon him the public disgust. He boasts of none such. He hopes that he possesses the habits, as he has received the education of a Gentleman ; which have taught him to spurn at such base personal attacks, such a wan- ton disclaiming of every thing hitherto held sacred, and untouched in public political controversy, which disgraces the pages of the Newspaper now published under the aus- pices of Government ! We really lament to see it so degraded ! we lament to see a pub- lication bearing the high notifications of offi- cial authority, sanctioned as it professes to be by the very Government itself, become, as it has done, the unqualified object either of ridicule or disgust throughout the whole Island ! We trust those to whose hands it is confided, will yet retrace their steps, and by the adopting of the language and manner of Gentlemen, by ceasing to assail the hitherto always respected privacy of domestic life, which assaults bring no discredit upon any but the base assailers, assume a character and a bearing more appropriate to its digni- fied denomination ; and by confining itself to the usual line of conduct customary with the Periodical Press, if it did not convince, at least it would not disgust ; if it was inferior in the power of argument, from causes per- haps without its controul, yet by all perso- nalities ceasing, bitterness of opposition would also cease ; and political discussion being thus carried on in a tone of decency and decorum, it would escape becoming the universal object of public contumely and re- proach ! When the Denmark Hill left Rio de Janiero, the latest information, which had reached that port from England, was of the date of the 9th March. We have been favoured with the pe- rusal of Newspapers up to that period. The affairs of Ireland had created the greatest in- terest, particularly the discussion which had arisen relative to the interference of the Ro- man Catholic Clergy, with the operations of the Bible Societies. At all the Provincial Meetings, at which the Catholic Clergy at- tended, very long debates ensued,—in many cases, by persons selected on each side to ar- gue, whether the indiscriminate perusal of the Scriptures was or was not authorized by the Divine Law. The arguments had generally been most decidedly in favour of the right of all Christians to the use of the Bible. Indeed the arguments adduced against this (although the Newspapers report them at very consider- able length, several speakers of the Roman Catholic Clergy having occupied four hours in the delivery) appear to be altogether sophistical. The Catholic Association had been put down by Act of Parliament ; but it seems to be ge- nerally understood, that Catholic Emancipati- on, with considerable modifications, and espe- cially the right to Veto, preserved to the King, will pass the Legislature in the course of this Session. Commodore Sir Charles Brisbane, K.C.B. was at Rio, on his way to India, as Naval Com- mander in Chief. He stated openly that he considered it useless to address Sir Thomas Brisbane at Sydney, as he had no doubt that before the Denmark Hill could reach the Co- lonies, Sir Thomas would have embarked for England. We lament to state, that Mr. Rowcroft, the British Consul General at Lima, had been barbarously murdered by a Spanish banditti. —He had assembled the British Residents in that city on the 30th July ; to whom he had exhibited his Commission, and read extracts from his instructions ; in which he was char- ged to prevent illicit trade of every sort, either as regarded the Laws of England, those of the Spanish, or the newly-constituted Authorities. No mention is made of his having presented his Credentials to the Spanish Authorities.— General ROPDIL, who commanded in Callao, on the approach of Commodore GUISE with the Chili Fleet, put an end to all communication between the British Merchants and the ship- ing, with a view to prevent any information being conveyed to the Independent Fleet.— Considerable jealousies existed on the parts of the Spaniards, as to the supposed favourable disposition or the British towards the Inde- pendents.—The particulars of the horrid as- sassination of Mr. Rowcroft are differently described. By some accounts, it occurred by mistake ; by others, it was by banditti ; and a- gain, that it was by a band of Guerilla Soldiery. This most respected Gentleman was however shot dead, and under circumstances of peculiar barbarity in the presence of his daughter, who had accompanied him to Lima. This young Lady, who is described as possessing the highest accomplishments, had received the utmost attention, not only from the whole of the Inhabitants, but also from the Public Au- thorities—by whom a considerable sum of mo- ney had been presented to her. And it was understood, that the fullest explanations would be made of this unhappy event to the British Government, and every effort exerted to bring the diabolical assassins to justice. Lord ALTHORPE'S Bill, for the establish- ment of County Courts throughout England, for the recovery of sums under £20, had been again brought into the House of Commons, & the 2d reading carried by a great majority. There are now no Law Stamps on legal proceedings in England, except deeds, legacy stamps, and others of the same order. We lament exceedingly that an Advertise- ment from Mr. Humphrey, the Superinten- dent of Police, offering a reward of £100, and a free pardon to any person or persons by whose means the ruffains who so barbarously murdered the unhappy soldier, Thompson, may be apprehended, was not sent to us for insertion last week. We say we lament this, because it would have had through us a pub- licity, which it cannot otherwise obtain, and which might have produced the desired ob- ject. We can have other motive, because we should cheerfully have inserted it gratuitously, as we are desirous of doing every other Public Notification, solely on public grounds. We hope, however, that, in future, these little petty littlenesses may cease ; and that, as is the case as regards The Australian newspaper at Sydney, the Public interests may be con- sulted by giving that publicity to the Govern- ment Notices and Orders, which our Journal can so much better do, than the publication in which they are at present exclusively inserted ; —while it cannot but be apparent to the whole Colony, that the withholding them from us, is solely and wholly to be attributed to the con- temptible operation of party feeling. We mentioned last week that a Commis- sion had issued to re-organize the Port Regu- lations. The Gentlemen who composed it commenced their operations on Saturday last. We were not very far wrong in our an- ticipations, as to the nominations. The Com- missioners who assembled were (as we are informed) the following :— The Naval Officer Messrs. Kerr The Wharfinger Bethune The Inspector of Dis- Hood. tilleries Now our Readers will observe that here were three Public Officers, one Gentleman whose son is under Treasurer, and who is himself supposed to be in some way connect- ed with Government, (or in trade with the Naval Officer), and two Gentlemen uncon- nected with Government. Whether then a Government Order might not have saved these Commissioners the trouble of assembling, we leave to the Public to determine. Their labours however were not of the most exten- sive description ; nothing being left to them (by the Orders of Council under which they act) but the mere Pilot and Harbour Dues and Fees ; and we understand they have left matters pretty nearly as they found them ; for that the only alterations they have made have been by addition instead of reduction. How truly farcical is all this ! But why was Mr. Kemp excluded ? who is certainly as materially interested on this subject as any Merchant here. Why was he shut out ? Had he been added to the Commission, there wouhd still have been a Government majori- ty. The Sydney Commission was differently constituted ; it consisted of the follows Gentlemen :— The Naval Officer Mr. Rich. Aspinall The Master Attendant Mr. Walker Mr. R. Campbell Mr. F. Dixon. Thus the Sydney Commission was the con- verse of that now appointed here. At Syd- ney there are two Public Officers and four Independent Gentlemen ; here, four Public Officers and two Independent Gentlemen. This really does afford to the cavillers an op- portunity to say, that nothing can be trusted here but to the Officers of Government. They manage these things better certainly at Syd- ney. We anxiously look for a long and de- lightful article in the Government Gazette, a very puff major, as to the able manner in which this most important Commission has been executed, and of the tender attention which has been paid to the public interests, by placing it in the hands of these Commis- sioners, of whom we shall only say, that two to one are odds at foot-ball. The following is a copy of the Resolutions published at Port Jackson :— " Sydney N.S. Wales, June 21, 1825. " At an adjourned Meeting of a Commit- tee appointed under a Letter of Major OVENS, private Secretary to His Excellency the GO- VERNOR, dated the 4th ultimo, in order to fix the rates of pilotage and harbour fees, mentioned in the 4th and 5th section of the Port Regulations (Act of Council.) " The Committee recommend the follow- ing rates of pilotage ; viz. " Vessels, with British registers, to pay one dollar per foot pilotage outwards ; if above six inches, to be charged for the full foot, and if under not to be charged for such additional inches ; Colonial vessels to be ex- empt from pilotage, unless they choose to have one ; in which case they shall be at- tended by the pilot at the above rates. " Vessels, not holding British registers, to pay one-half more than those ; namely, one and a half dollar per foot. " Vessels to be considered Colonial which belong in whole, or in part, to persons resi- dent within the Colony, and employed in the coasting trade for a period not less than six months at one time—the following ports to be considered as embracing such coasting trade ;—From Sydney to and from Hobart Town and the river Derwent ; Launceston, and the river Tamar ; the Hawkesbury and Broken-bay ; Newcastle, Hunter's river, Port Stephen, Shoal-haven, Port Macquarie, and Morton-bay. " The Committee recommend that no pi- lotage shall be chargeable, if the vesssel has passed the Sow and Pigs before the pilot boards ; and they beg to suggest, that a decked vessel should be provided, for the purpose of enabling pilots to board outside the heads during the weather—at which time their services are more particularly necessary. " The Committee having proceeded to take the Harbour Master's fees and duties into consideration, under the 5th section of the Act of Council, recommend that, all ves- sels shall be chargeable with only two re- moves ; unless the master requests his ves- sel to be removed to an anchorage for his own convenience, in which case the Harbour Master shall be entitled to his fee for every such additional remove, as may be applied for. " the Committee recommend, that the Har- bour Master shall be entitled to a fee of one penny per ton on the ship's register tonnage, for every remove, payable in Spanish dollars at 5s. each." We understand the Hobart Town Commit- tee assembled again yesterday, with the ad- dition of Captain Read. The pilot rates were established in order to afford each pilot about £150 yearly. A Light-house upon Iron-pot Island was suggested, to be supported by a Tonnage Duty of 2d. per ton. Such a duty would destroy our little remaining trade. The New Government Gazette.—We have so often exposed the fallacy of the as- sumed "independence" of this Paper, that it is a waste of space to occupy our Readers more upon a subject so thoroughly laid open,—yet some assertions which the persons who manufacture it, have given to the Public, as to the nature of its establishment, call for some little notice. The words which they make use of are the following :— " Before we say a few words on the pro- priety of this measure, we beg to remark a preliminary observation of our esteemed cor- respondent " Clydius".—He looks on our strictures as conveying the sentiments of those in authority, and therefore expects that the views we take shall be correct and deliberate. As far as our humble abilities go, they shall be so; but that any responsi- ility should be attached to them beyond the weight of their own intrinsic arguments would be unreasonable and unjust ;—unjust to the Government, who might thus be called upon to answer for opinions which they never en- tertained ; and unjust to ourselves, who should be cramped and restrained in the use of that pen which, we trust, will ever be free to express our thoughts as they rise spon- taneously in the mind." Our Readers will doubtless observe that this is a sort of " non-descript" connexion. There is an avowal in another of these papers, that they receive £300 per annum from Govern- ment. Now one of the following two things must be : the Paper either is, or is not, the property of Government. If it is, then the whole of the sentence above quoted is one continued untruth ; and if it is not, then upon what pretence have Messrs. Ross and Howe presumed to designate their Paper by its present title :—their only claim to which, they themselves state, is derived from its being Government property ; and yet Messrs. Ross and Howe are, they say, (we take it from themselves) totally unconnected with Government. Then, if so, what an audacious piracy of the property of the Government was their assuming a title, which they say themselves, belongs to the Government. These are the horns of a dilemma, out of which we should like to see the worthy Gen- tlemen extricate themselves. But let us carry the subject farther ; let us suppose that Messrs. Ross and Howe should, from some most unhappy cause, lose their present favour and salary; would they, or would they not, retain their present title ? If they would, the unlawful assumption of it from us stands confessed ; and if they could not, what would become of their Gazette ! Must they carry it back to Launceston, and com- mence anew series of The Tasmanian ? But we will go yet farther. We will suppose, that it was the pleasure of His Majesty's Mi- nisters to change the Government of Van Diemen's Land ;—and that (as might proba- bly happen), the measures of the new comers should be such as to call for and obtain our warm and unqualified support. Might it not happen that we might become the organ of the Government ? And we really do believe it is not a very great exercise of our vanity to suppose such an event quite possible, when ours is compared with the rival production, one of which the new Chief Magistrate would have to adopt, are utrum horum ? And do our Rivals suppose he would hesitate ! If they do, how lamentably are they ignorant of their own condition !—There is another part of this sub- ject as to which a few words are necessary. The writers of the new Gazette admit that they receive £300 a-year out of the Taxes. They say expressly also, that this is paid them for publishing the Government Orders, and for "Jobs." Now we do not like to touch this word "Job." It is one for which we have no great predilection ; but it will be recollected, that we are only commenting upon it, as adopted by the Government wri- ters. Well then, they receive £300 per an- num out of the Public Purse, for "Jobs," and for inserting in their Journal the Government Notices, &c.; ; which we have earnestly re- quested, and still do earnestly request, on the public account, to be permitted to do gratis ! ! ! It is obvious then, that this £300 per annum cannot be paid to them for these " jobs" and other services, because we can- not suppose it possible that the Government would pay away £300 a-year of the public money for what we offer to do (and much more effectually too, owing to our exten- sive circulation and means) gratuitously ! For what then do they really receive their £300 per annum ? We leave the Public to draw the only conclusion which remains ! And if after this they dare to utter the word " inde- pendence" or to make use of the word " job" we trust they may be immediately visited with an ex officio Information for a Libel ! CORONER'S INQUEST.—On Friday last an In- quest was held by A.W.H. HUMPHREY, Esq. the Coroner, on the body of Joseph Thomson, the soldier of the 40th Regt., who lost his life as mentioned in our last.—Patrick Daly, a soldier of the 40th, proved that he accompa- nied the deceased in search of bush-rangers. A Constable, named Maycock, was also with them, from whom they accidentally separat- ed : they approached the foot of the Moun- tain, when they heard a whistle ; they thought it was from their own people ; at that moment the deceased fell. The witness heard a shot, and saw two men standing behind trees ; one had on a whitish jacket ; one was a broad- faced man, the other's features be could not distinguish ; but he wore a hat. When the deceased fell, one of the men called to wit- ness to fire ; he did so, and then immediate- ly retreated. He never stopped until he tumbled down over a log, at about 2 or 300 yards' distance from where his comrade fell ; he only spoke a few words—" the Lord have mercy on me." The witness made the best of his way back to Hobart Town. This was the substance of his evidence.—Constable May- cock proved the going out by order of Mr. Humphrey, with the soldiers of the 40th Regt., in search of bush-rangers.—He and the deceased and Daly the last witness with him ; he separated from them accidentally ; he heard a shot fired ; he could not tell ex- actly in what direction. He returned with the other man to Hobart Town ; he was sub- sequently sent out with Corporal Little and other men in search of the deceased. When he came to the place where they imagined the deed was perpetrated, two kangaroo dogs came to them ;—they secured them, and soon after came to a hut curiously con- structed in a hollow tree, and covered with cattle skins ; in it were two pair of trowsers, a razor, an axe, a Catholic Prayer Book, and a knapsack : there was a trough for salting meat cut out of the solid tree, about 4 feet long and 2 feet broad and wide. The embers of a fire were still warm. About 200 yards further up the hill they found the body ; the head was horribly mangled, the brains beaten out, the musket and ammuni- tion were gone, and the pocket of the de- ceased's coat cut away ; they brought the body to Hobart Town. Corporal Little, of the 40th Regiment, confirmed the evidence of the last witness. He added that he had re- ceived orders from the Superintendent of Po- lice to shoot the dogs ; he took them to the Barracks, and Major Kirkwood took one of them himself, and ordered the men to keep the other. That they are still at the Bar- racks, although he confessed he told the Su- perintendent of Police that he had shot them. He knew not why he said so—he re- ceived no orders to tell that untruth. Dr. SECCOMBE.—I am a Surgeon. I have examined the deceased ; he had received a gun-shot wound, which had grazed the nose, entered the upper lip, broken the palate bone, knocked out three or four teeth, frac- tured the jaw bone, and passed out under the chin. This wound would not have caused death. The skull of the deceased was cut through in several places by a sharp instru- ment, so as that a man's fist could have been passed through the aperture ; and the brains had been beaten out of the lower hemis- phere. These wounds caused the death of the deceased. Dr. Seccombe explained the state of the injuries received by the deceas- ed in the most clear and scientific manner.— The Jury returned a verdict of " wilful mur- der by persons unknown." It is unnecessary to comment upon the circumstances above detailed. It is proba- ble that after Daly had run away, that the poor fellow, whose first wound, although se- vere, was not mortal, recovered sufficiently to attempt to rise, that the ruffians, who had seen Daly's departure, then came to him and dispatched him by beating out his brains with an axe. The Superintendent of Police will, it is to be hoped, succeed in bringing these detestable murderers to condign pu- nishment. Wheat has been selling this week for 9s. per bushel. Flour is also much cheaper. We have great pleasure in inserting the following handsome acknowledgment of the sense entertained by the Cabin Passengers of the ship Denmark Hill, on the voyage from hence to Rio. Independent of which, we have seen Letters, in which the kind treat- ment they invariably experienced from Cap- tain and Mrs. Foreman, is spoken of in the strongest terms :— Ship Denmark Hill, Rio de Janeiro, March 14, 1825. We, the undersigned, the Cabin Passen- gers on board the ship Denmark HIll, from Van Diemen's Land, fully impressed with the truly kind, hospitable, and generous treat- ment we have experienced from Captain and Mrs. Foreman, during the voyage, beg thus to offer to-them our grateful acknowledg- ments, and our best wishes for their health and happiness.—We further request of them to be pleased to accept a small Silver Cup, as a trifling token of our esteem ; for the purchase of which we Leg to transmit One Hundred Dollars. Edward Lord Mary Brown Robert Martin F. Slade, Lieut. R.N. J.A. Barbosa, jun. R. Espie, Surgeon, R.N. John Watt. Inhumanity.—We have more than once called the attention of those in authority to the inhuman treatment which the wretched animals suffer, employed in the operations of Government near the new bridge. We lament to observe, that we have done so in vain. If Persons who are in authority would condescend to look at two oxen which are employed in the three-wheeled carts, to carry rubbish on the new road, we are con- vinced they would immediately order them a little respite from the dreadful labour which they daily undergo, and the cruel treatment they experience ; if only from the miserable skin and bone appearance which they exhi- bit. If the quagmire, through which the Government water carts approach the creek was inspected, and the extrication of which carts, when they are laden with water, is only effected by the exertion of every nerve of the wretched animals which draw them, strained almost to bursting asunder ; if, we say, the scenes which occur daily at the place we have mentioned were witnessed, we are convinced a continuance of the bar- barities by which, daily and hourly, humanity is shocked, would be prevented.—We hope these remarks may fall under the notice of Lieut. Simmons, of the Royal Artillery, whose public services are most useful, and who we are convinced will not pass them by. HUMBUG NOTICES to CORRESPONDENTS.— These Notices exhibited last week as perfect a display of the hand from whence they one and all come, as if the writer had been taken "in the maner." It certainly exhibits no great versatility of genius in the writer, to be able to designate his Correspondents from one class only, out of the great range of no- mination open to him. None but a Pedant of the most ultra-determined condition would have arranged in so few lines, so many " great names of antiquity." Let us refer to them :—"Diogenes, Menippus, Paterfamilias, Clydius, Cicero, Theta, Agricola, and Rusti- cus Olim."—Now we ask our Readers whe- ther since their days of "Propria quæ mari- bus," they ever met with such a school-room collection of signatures ! If our Brother goes on at this rate, he will soon have in his cor- respondence, the 12 Cæsars, the Grecian School of Philosophers, and the whole Hea- then Mythology ! We entreat of him to have some compassion upon the unlearned : it is terrible hard work to follow him through so much classical lore. But as to the humbug about "Correspondents," tell it no more in Gath. Alas ! dear Brother, thou has't not yet become sufficiently initiated in the mys- teries of the Press, to be able to put forth such palpable humbugs as these without im- mediate detection. If thou must play at this game, for appearances sake at least forget the shop ! ROBBERIES, &c.;—A few days since, Dr. McNab, while riding near Launceston, was knocked off his horse by five or six men, and robbed of his coat, watch, and £3 in cash. The depredators were supposed to belong to a road party employed in the neighbourhood. A Mrs. Kennedy, accompanied by a Mr. Dil- lon, were lately robbed near Ross Bridge while proceeding to Port Dalrymple, of the whole of their wearing apparel, valued at £20, and £10 in notes, by a bushranger named Geo. Clay, who being at first unknown was allow- ed to carry Mrs. Kennedy's bundle. It was supposed that he had pistols concealed about his person. The female was left entirely des- titute. In our last we stated by mistake, that Mr. G. C. Clark had been robbed by Brady and McCabe :—it was a Mr. Cleve.—This gentle- man was robbed by them of all he possess- ed ; they compelled him to drink a pint of rum, which almost suffocated him. They had heard of the robberies committed by Priest ; and they expressed their determination to (as they stated) to bring him to Justice, for his rascally conduct in robbing women and children,—declaring, that if they fell in with him, they would execute him summarily. The cart of Mr. Anstey, one of the Magis- trates at Jericho, was robbed on Friday last within the precepts of his own domain by Priest. Lieut. Serjeantson and Mr. Anstey pursued him on horseback but he plunged into the bush. The soldiers were actively occupied in the pursuit of McCabe and Brady, but hitherto without obtaining the smallest clue as to the place of their retreat.—The information these men possess is astonishing. We mentioned in our last the circumstance of Mr. Bryan's cart having been robbed near New-town. It was a singular circum- strnce, that Mrs. Kemp passed the cart in her carriage, just before the robbery was com- mitted, and returned almost immediately after. The robbers had retreated into the bush, where they were so courageously fol- lowed by Mr. Bryan. 