On Thursday last the Archdeacon delivered -M I address to the- Clergy in his Capacity of Visitor. TWj melange with which he treated his congregation, M.,.1 braced matters both in place and out of place. Till I liberality of his mind and his . extensive knowledgi j ?were most eminently displayed. Had he merely «»?( lined himself to one of the innumerable printed Form of Charges to the inferior Clergy on the Visitation of dignitaries he would have conveyed, much usefolMU;; struction, and given a proper direction to theMPfe of the pious Divines whom'-he was' addressing. 'i*WS ing- against the infidelity and corruptness of the Sl was as unclassical, as it showed bad taste. He w-*l know but little of the real strength of .Christianity he must be but superficially versed in its powerful principles, and as yet have experienced nothing of its influence if he think that to insure its exteniiob W propagation, the pen of controversy must be'w» aside, or arguments on disputed points confined to the closet. Prosecution and persecution have had their day, they are bad substitutes for arguments, and but miserable weapons to meet even the infidel with-* Wiser heads than this Gentleman's have been convert. ed to the belief that the Press possesses its own anti dote, and that' the- Christian Religion is better able to meet its own assailants by reasonings than by the terr rors of a Prison. 'To reprobate the Press as danger .ous to Christianity is to point out an enemy which it dare not encounter and to impress the people with the unjust,and erroneous belief that their religion is not invulnerable. The malignity of Controversialists, who did something more than limit their disputations to the Cloister or the Closet, purged the Old Church of the gross immoralities which obscured it, and through their means the light of -reason and of true religion broke through the clouded atmosphere. The Refor mation cherished a schism in the Church, but it pre served religion. The Press accomplishes by preven tion what the reformation effected as a cure. It pre vents the accumulation of that dross which in time would get mixed up with the pure ore, and by a due watchfulness over its Ministers, secures religion from the dangers to 'which licentiousness in them, if they resembled the holy fathers of old, might expose it.— We shall be happy to see the Archdeacon converting his labours which certainly have commenced uncor- dially and inconsiderately to some more useful. pur- pose than inveighing against the great bulwark of our liberties, both civil and religious — the Press. One hundred and seventy-five thousand Acres of Land on this side the mountains are to be measured forthwith, and appropriated as a Glebe to the Austra lian Church. This quantity is independent of the immense' grant, for the like use, over the mountains. Five hundred thousand. acres also, at Van Diemen's Land, are destined to become the property p,f; 'the Church. These are no despicable endowments, and are likely to have.no despicable influence on the fate of* the two Colonies. Until the Church be put in pos session of this Land, by admeasurement, &c.; the busi ness of the Settler must stand still. He can obtain no order for land, can see no prospect of applying his time or his industry to any profit. It is making him at all events pay in advance, by his temporal losses here, for his spiritual comfort hereafter. One-third ' oftiie Land grakted to the Church- may -be sold, and another third mortgaged for the improvement of the remaining third and for other purposes. The Arch deacon's Salary is a mere trifle, only Two Thousand a tear, with liberty to appoint a Curate, and return to England in the enjoyment of the full Salary minus the Curate's Stipend— some eighty pounds a year, we suppose. ? ?' It -may very fairly be argued that, under the laxity of the system which has hitherto existed in .the Col lecting of Duties, and during a total absence of a cus2 tom-housc establishment, one shilling a pound on to bacco is more protective to 'the cultivator, than four shillings. The question indeed almost reduces itself to this — whether a nominal duty of four shillings, or a real duty of one shilling, is the more efficacious. A high duty hanging in'terrorem over the importer, but easily evaded, or a low duty, about which it is worth no ped lar's while to incur a risk; and to avoid which would not repaj the trouble, expense, and anxiety necessarily attendant upon smuggling.. In regulating this duty thenT there ought .-to be considered under actual cir cumstances not so much what duty is necessary to af ford, a positive and complete remuneration ' to the' cultivator; as what duty can be imposed with a pro spect of levying it» and of ifs approximating as nearly as possible to that remuneration, without holding out inducement to illicit dealings. It is easy enough to impose, but not 'so* easy to levy a duty in a Country affording unbounded scope to smuggling. To impose a duty of four shillings a pound, without concomitant arrangements for ensuring the payment of it, would toe holding out false allurements to the cultivator, and offering a bribe for the commission of frauds. Ruin to the experimentalist who had devoted his ca pital to a useful, and as he thought profitable purpose, would be the inevitable consequence, while the morals of the common people enticed by the hope of acquiring great gains rapidly, would be 'effectually undermined and destroyed. It is impossible conscientiously to punish with severity a crime, tojrevent which, no pains or precautions are adopted. Punishment in such cases might more justly be visited on those who thoughtlessly expose the weakness of human nature to trials which experience tells us it cannot at all- times resist. It is also impossible to prevent smuggling, without the aid of severe penalties, without the terror of a severe accountability on detection. Tobacco for a length of time has seldom exceeded in. price three shillings and sixpence, and from that to Four shillings currency, notwitstanding the supposed existence of a duty of four shillings sterling. This low price has been, and is now by most people attri buted to there being a large quantity- brnnght into the Country, when a duty of sixpence only was levied ; and it has been vainly imagined that, when that quan tity was consumed, the utility of a duty of four shil lings would begin to be experienced. We might be of this opinion also, could we be persuaded that no to bacco had been introduced into the Colony since the publication of the Proclamation, ^.dated the third of .March 1823. We might be of this opinion were it not notorious that thousands of Rolls had been smug gled into the Colony since that period, in so open 'and undisguised a manner as to be detected by cart loads at a time in the public streets, in the face of rday. - We might in short be of this opinion, could we believe that by encreasing the profits of smuggling the inclination, to smuggle would be diminished. And that these profits must be encreased, is evident from' this fact; — that when the stock on hand in the Colo'nyj-on which haB been paid sixpence duty, is ex hausted, the smugglers would have the trade to the m selvqs.— they /would have a monopb.lv. , There cotild' siily' be siuuj-g-led and' tvnsmug-gleil' tobacco in I'll* market — that which' had pafcl'no duty at all, and that which had paid four shillings duty; and it i^ quite certain that there would be none of the latter, except an inconsiderable portion which riiigh£ pass through the bonded stores as a blind for dealing in it. Surely if illicit traffic were sufficiently lucrative to enable per sons to compete with the price of tobacco which had only paid sixpence, it would be at least equally lucra tive, equally tempting, when they had only to com pete' with tobacco, paying four shillings. : It would surely enable them further to go to great expense in order to bring it circuitously from the Coast over the Country — through the flush, or in * variety of ways to elude the vigilance of guards and preventive ser vicemen, or even to bribe these with a share of the spoil, should a horde of them be appointed to protect the re venue. But let us suppose that a pceventive service could check, or even effectually put a stop to smug gling, and we by no means think that they could aot, were they honest and active ; where is the use of tempting the integrity of men, by imposing a heavy duty, ^whileno measures are taken to enforce 'it) which would invariably be eluded in preference -to 'a. smaller one, which would always be paid. ,' ' ... , ?: ' Let us have high duties by all means, let us protect the cultivator, and make tobacco a staple article of commerce, if possible. But this is not to be effected by the jumble and jargon. of a confused aad unintel ligible Proclamation, with all its corrections arid emen dations. It is not indeed, to be done by any Procla mation alone. 'And what hopes have we at present in prbspect.that any thingelse but this 'blank cartridge' will orcanbe made available S- The Revenue of the Co lony has already been drained to the dregs, and is threa tened to be kept in a state of constant exhaustion by such sinecure appointments as. Clerk to the Council, and a variety of other things equally absurd, equally abominable. It has been already too much drawn upon, for one purpose . or othev ; too many buildings have been commenced, and only commenced ; too many systems of internal regulations have been projected and only projected, to give us any promise of security being provided against smuggling, or to afford us any room to anticipate, the erection of custom houses, and the organization of a regular preventive service. Un til these be made the accompaniments of a Proclama tion, and an Act of Parliament, the settlers may rest assured, that they are infinitely better off with a duty of one shilling1, than with one of four shillings. To render foreign tobacco contraband altogether, might narrow the mischief done to the grower in ad mitting it without a heavy impost ; as suoL a regula tion would necessarily confine the hazardous trading' in it to a few persons of desperate means. The mere having in possession, after a short lapse of time, would afford such strong presumption of illegal trad ing, that no one of character would like to subject himself to suspicion, much less to danger. Even this provision might prove abortive, if the imported tobacco could be so disguised as to assume the appearance of Colonial grown. But this is a matter of no conse quence at. present; for (he measure is entirely without tne boundaries ot the Uovernor s Authority,— -the Aci of Parliament being altogether silent on the subject o prohibition, whatever it may nave done with respect ti the imposing of duties. The cultivators of tobacct however have a right 'to all the protection that thii and the British Government can atibrd— they have ap plied their capital on the faith of, and with a depen dance on both, and under the expectation of receiving all the encouragement which 'politic and useful legis lation can confer. Afier all the pains and industry employed in ascertaining what maybe mosf beneficial the Governments may. fail,; , , still, however, the settler' are entitled to those exertions, be the result what ii niay — be their effect prejudicial to, or. fully protective of, the interests taken in hand.. . ' The reasonableness and policy of fixing the Duty on Tobacco at one shi 1 lingua pound may well be called in question, when it :is-kno\vn from whom information! as a basis for legislation, i:ivas sought arid acquired— from the Merchants ! .-. The.dnly persons, besides the consumers, whose interest and advantage it is on al] occasions to obtain a minimum of duty on all goodi without exception. ' Duties art all times shackle trade, and impede the circulation of money. And it is only from absolute necessity or for some .countervailing ad vantages, such as the encouragement. of the growth of the articleat home, as in the present case, thatany dulies at all are or should be imposed and levied. By., thct «' being' imposed, the profits of the Merchants are consi derably diminished, while the risks they incur from the insolvency of their customers are both greater ami more serious. To take them as a guide, was an acr of weakness, equalled only by tHe absurd manner in which the information was collected. An instance did certainly occur wherein Growers of Tobacco, because they happened to unite ? within themselves the two Characters 6f Cultivators and Merchants, were ap pealed, to for an opinion. There is one thing, however, connected with this affair, which is satifactory arid pleasing, namely, the proof afforded us of a desire on the part of- the Legislator to take opinions, and to pass a Law beneficial to the Country. A more weighty trust cannot well devolve upon a single individual, than levying rates and duties — so necessary is it to be acquainted with all th« intricate interest* involved nj measures of tljat dascdpllon When a Governor therefore: finds himself unequal to the task, it is a happy illustration of correct feeling, that he- looks for -information elsewhere, and does not depend only upon his own concoptions'and his own con clusions. But. in collecting-opinions that one set.of men only should have been appealed to is what we deprecate, not that only one- shilling at the present -moment should have been imposed. The Proclamation may have prescribed the most advantageous duty, but this, if so, is mere chance, as. the Merchants might have recommended any other rate. . While they had the means in their power,.1 it is somewhat surprising* that they did not consider sixpence or even one far ihing a- sufficiently , protecting Duty, and so con trive to- hare that sum imposed; for we are Vound to suppose that, as their advica was asked and fol lowed — it was requested with the intention of adopt ing it, and that therefore whatever that advice might hare been, it would have equally been followed. . An active canvass, by various Candidates, for the honorable post of Gaoler has already commenced, on the^ strength of the Prison Commissioners' suggestion. W« fully expect;, for consistency sake, to see that part of the Gaol Report which recommends a change .of Keepers first attended to; arid the work of Reforma tion begun at the wrong end. * The delinquencies and irregularities complained of are principally owing to atotal wantof surveillance in and over an establishment which requires more than almost any other1 to be^fre qu'ently and periodically looked into. The Gaolers have hitherto had no check upon their actions, they have not been taught to look up to any persons as their superiors ; but have been left with the entire management of- the Gaol, as if it were their own house. No wonder then that they should allow visi ,tor,8 to be indiscriminately admitted, for they were allowed to believe that they performed their duty by keeping the prisoners in safe custody. Considering the character of Gaolers in general, the materials that they must be made up of, the opposite qualities of mind and disposition- they .must possess, and the description of persons from whom they are in general, selected, a. little further scrutiny we think should -have been made into the conduct of the Sydney Gaol -Keepers, than what a casual and momentary observa tion afforded. When misconduct was detected, it ought to have. been remembered to whose remjssness it might be attributed, and that as much blame was at tachable to their superiors as to the men. It will be no easy matter to find in this Country men combining all the qualifications of a Gaoler, with the willingness to accept the office. It is a peculiar office — one of. responsibility and trust, and yet ..with 'something de grading in it. To meet with persons^'to fill such an office, and who may be depended on as religiously and ?strictly honest, would be a miracle. Precautions may be effectually used to prevent dishonest practices in a Gaoler ; but precautions are unavailing to prevent the effects of many other vices,, or supply 'many other failings. It would be next to an impossibility that Government clothing, or any thing else indeed, should be misappropriated,, were there what there ought to he, weekly visitations of Magistrates, and ?« weekly r«ports' made. !? ? : '? '. »- A complaint was made at the Police Office a few days since against one of the Police Officers for having accosted a Gentleman the previous evening and insist ing on knowing his name, under a threat of taking him to the watch- house in case of refusal. It turned out on investigation that the Superintendent of Po lice had given the most positive instructions to the constables to challenge all persons who might be walking through the streets after nine o'clock - and this to preserve order. We recommend the Superin tendent forthwith to withdraw this order to prevent disorders. We don't happen to inhabit a garrisoned Town, nor do we live under Dutch law. There are plenty of means of ensuring good order without put ting it within the power of constables to insult whom they please, under the colour of instructions from the Superintendent of Police. It is not necessary that, any annoyance of this kind should be summitted to by the inhabitants. It will neither ensure tranquil lity nor secure them from depredations, and robberies. It is moreover illegal, and that is objection enough against it. The practice therefore must be discon tinued. We understand that some wonderful regulations are in active preparation, somewhat in' the shape of penal ties on smuggling.. We could tell the labourers in the fruitless Vineyard, not only that they will, but why they will, fail to reap any harvest fur their toil, but we think it quite a3 well to let them grope in the dark for a little while longer. These penalties will be something like their Proclamations, not worth a straw. The shareholders in the Australian Agricultural Company have been called upon for an advance of one pound upon each share, one hundredth part of their nominal capital, So that upon one million acres of land there is to be employed, or rather nominally employed, for we cannot answer for the useful appro- priation of even this, about as much capital as a common settler brings into, the Country, and lays out on his two thousand acre grant. Between the Church and this Company emigrants must thrive, and the Country improve ! It was expected that the Jury. Question would hare been disposed' of on Monday lasf, but the Attorney- General did not attend the Court, it was therefore put off 'till to-morrow. The Sir Charles Forbes in weighing anchor on. Friday last met* with an accident, which has detained her in harbour. In passing Dawe's Battery she was on the point of tacking from the North Shore, when the wind, which vvus blowing strong- from the South ward, took her somewhat aback, and drove her stern most agaiust a perpendicular rock. She was in.foiir teen fathom water at the moment site struck, aiul went at the rate of ? four or five knpts. The rudder was danag-ed considerably. It is not yet ascertained we believe what is the extent of the injury done to thu ship. , It is probable she mast be hove down before this can /be known. ? ' Most of the seamen belonging to the Royal Char lotte not liking to quit the harbour on Sunday last, refused to comply with the orders of their Commander, to get the ship under weigh. They all skulked be low and the Master of the ship got the assistance of the detachment of troops, proceeding in her to Madras,. The anchor was weighed, and the sails set, chiefly by the soldiers, in tolerably good style, Theschobrier Prince Regent will accompany the Royal Charlotte through Torres' 'Straits. The brig. Ann, Captain Grimes, with a cargo of sugar from the Isle- of France, may be expected herB in the beginning- of the ensuing month. ? - ? The ship Elizabeth has been chai-terod by Govern* ment to proceed to Van Diemen's Land with troops The'Hervey, from Van Diemen's Land, approached the Heads within- the distance of a mile on Sunday. She was driven out of sight again during- the heavy ' squalls which prevailed during the whole. of that and the following day, and has not been seen since.?— She did not appear able to work well at all, owing probably to the damag-e she had' sustained in her passage from England. ' ?? The Government mechanics commenced pulling down the steeple of the Church at Newcastle,' on the 27th ult, It will be necessary, in order to ensure the safety of the body of the Church, to remove the whole of the upper tower, and about ten feet of the upper part of the lower tower, and then it will be a question if the remainder of the building- will be safe, for one part of the foundation is bedded on a rock, and the other part on sand. On the 1st instant the workmen had succeeded in takirig-.down the upper part of the ^eeple,' ball and cross, without any accident, '. Mr. Molten, in his ' Travels in the Interior of Africa,' m«n. tion s a custom not less barbarous than singular which prevails ir» Fontatoro; a slave who wishes to change his master seeks by surprise orforce to cut off 'the ear of the man whom he fancies j if he siicpceds, he immediately becomes the property of that per. son, and his old master cannot claim him agnin. J ?' St,,Pal«ge obs(;rve?, ihat to carry the arnis on h^h wn, con. sidered graceful ; and hence the cu.torsmry plirasc of 'carrying '' filings with a high hand.' He also observes, that ' riding H,e ' .lug!, horse,' is likewise derived fro.., the war li.^cs, or dextcvg appropriated to knights alone in battle. On marches they roder coursers or roadsters.— A knight wlio was ever seen on a Tiia'fe was degraded from his rank, as these were reserved for the pur.' pose of agriculture.^ - . . - ? ? .. . ' I will see you paid.'r-A. case was recently decided in Stog. land, bjr which a debt .f £\\*-l. l8s. was recovered of a man, who casually, in conversation, said you heed not be afraid to trust-— .I'll see you. paid. The defendant, it seem., only intended to convey the idea, that he would set the money paid as Ins friend could get it. : A lady, 'being awfully sick on her passage from Dover to 'Calais, astonished every one from the profusion of her biliary production ; she was asked what she had takeii for breakfast when she replied, —? I had mutton chops for Breakfast, some Scotish marmalade on bread and butter, two eggs, two cups bf coffee, and three of tea, besides toast, a little fried whiting, some charr, and a few shrimps ; and after breakfast T took a' class of warm white wine negus and a few oysters, which lasted me till wa got into the boat, when I began eating sbme gingerbread nuts ajf ' the way to the packet, arid then was persuaded to take a glass of botlled porter, to keep every thing snug and comfortable. Upon Lord North's retirement?, from office, he went down to Bath for the recovery of his health^and particularly forhis sight, which was nearly lost. The conversation turning one day afte dinner en the perishable condition of patty zeal and political enmity, his Lordship thoroughly agreed in the principle; 'And as a proof of if,' says he, ' there is. Colonel Barre (who. was. a» blind as his Lordship); no man has opposed me more-in.the House of Commons than he has, and I of course him ; and yet T can fairly answer formyself, and I dare say I may equally an swer for him, we should be verygla«lvto;«w on» another »t this moment. ' ? ? ? ~' ??-... ...-:??: .The character of Ferdinand of Spain being the subject of dis cussion, there was a good deal of speculation about what vouhj be the conduct of the new King of France towards his august ? cousin, -'T should suppose,' said a high personage, ' he will give him adFice,' ?' 1 differ from your highness,, thai,' t»itj » poet, ' there' being no yiee he can addP' '..'', A player peiforming the Ghost in Hamlet very badly, was hissed: After bearing it a good while, lie put the audience in * good humour by stepping forward, 'and saying, ' Ladies a»d; gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my humble endeavours -{o. ' please are unsuccessful ; but if you are not satisfied, I'must giveuplheCrhostp' . ' ' '. -' 