British Extracts, DOWN TO JUNE 15. CORONATION OF THE KING OF FRANCE. Rheims, May 30. — "Before five o'clock in the morning, the doors of the Cathedral were be- sieged by the crowd. At six they were opened, and at half- past six all the galleries in the body of the church, the choir, the sanctuary, &c.; were fitted. The galleries reserved for the Dauphiness, the Duchess of Berry, and the Princes of the blood, were on the right of His Majesty's pew. The Peers of France, and great Officers of the Crown were placed on the steps of the choir. On the right, the Deputies and Mayors of the good cities, the Prefects, and many other public func- tionaries, called to the Coronation by sealed letters. The Royal courts, the tribunals, a great number of general officers, occupied the steps in the body of the church, to the right and left. The gal- leries erected on both sides between the pillars were filled with ladies, most of them presented. The Dauphiness had a robe embroidered with silver on a gold ground, and a diadem sparkling with diamonds. The Duchess of Berry wore a crimson-coloured robe bordered with silver lama ; she wore in her hair a wreath of roses mixed with diamonds. The Princesses of the blood wore white roses worked with silver. At half-past seven the clergy repaired to the Cathedral. The Arch- bishop of Rheims advanced towards the altar, preceded by the Bishops of Soissons and Rheims, acting as deacon and sub-deacon, and by the Archdeacons of Besoncon and Bruges, and the Bishops of Auton and Evereux, appointed to chaunt the litanies. Cardinals Clermont-Ton- nere and La Fare, assisting his Majesty, went to fetch the King from his apartments, preceded by the Chapter. The Chapter having arrived at the door of his Majesty's chamber with the Dauphin, the Dukes of Orleans and Bourbon, the great Officers of the Crown, the Officers of the House- hold having functions to perform in the ceremony of the Coronation, and the principal Chapter of the Cathedral, knocked at the door. Prince Talleyrand, the High Chamberlain, said in a loud voice, "What do you desire ?" The Cardinal Cler- mont-Tonnere answered, ' Charles X. whom God has given us for our King." The two Cardinals then approached the King (who rose from his seat) and saluted his Majesty, The Dauphin, and the Dukes of Orleans and Bourbon, then pro- ceeded to the church, conducted by the Master of the Ceremonies, and preceded and followed by their chief officers, who took their places in the. sanctuary. The first of the two Cardinals pre- sented the holy water to the King, and repeated a prayer, after which the two Cardinals conducted the King to the church. The King wore a silver robe ; his slippers were trimmed with silver, and he had a cap (toque) of black velvet, with two white aigrettes, separated in the middle by a diamond cross. When the King arrived at the door of the church, Cardinal La Fare repeated a prayer; after which a psalm was chauuted. During the psalm, the clergy took their places, and the King was conducted by the two Cardinals to the foot of the altar, where his Majesty knelt down. The Archbishop of Rheims, as soon as the King entered the choir, said over his Majesty a prayer; after which his Majesty was conducted lo the seat prepared for him in the middle of the sanctuary, under the high canopy. The Archbishop of Rheims presented holy water to his Majesty, who rose to receive it. His Grace afterwards gave holy water to the whole assembly, and then with- drew behind the high altar, to put on his pon- tifical robes; he then brought the holy phial {Sainte Ampoule.) During this time the choir chanted sexte. His Grace, having saluted the altar, and the King commenced the Veni Creator, his Majesty remained kneeling during the first verse. After which the Archbishop advanced to the King, accompanied by his two assisting Car- dinals, bearing one the book of the Evangelists, the other the relic of the true cross ; he took the book, on which he placed the relic, and held it open before his Majesty, to whom he presented the forms of the oaths, placed thus on the book of the Gospel. After the oaths, the King being led to the altar, by two Cardinals, put off his upper robe. After the litanies and prayer, the Arch- bishop took his place on the seat with his back to the altar. The King was conducted by the two Cardinals to the Archbishop, and knelt down. The Archbishop, seated, with his mitre on his head, said another prayer. The Bishop of Soissons look from the altar the holy oil, and presented it to the Archbishop, who took some with his thumb to anoint his Majesty on the usual places. The ceremony of the Coronation being finished, the Archbishop raised the King by the right arm, and his Majesty was conducted to his Throne. His Majesty was attended in the same manner as on entering the Church, the Duke of Cornegliano bearing the sword of Charlemagne naked in his hand. The prayers being ended, the Archbishop put off his mitre, made a profound obeisance to the King, kissed him on the forehead and said, Vivat Rex in æternum. The Dauphin and the Princess took off their crowns, which they placed on their seals ; they advanced and each of them received the embrace from the King, saying, Vivat Rex in æternum. At this moment the trumpets sounded, and the people entered the Church ; the heralds distributed the medals ; a thousand birds were let loose, all the bells were rung, and three vollies of musquetry, fired by the infantry of the Royal Guard, were answered by that Artillery of the ramparts of the city. After these ceremonies, the Archbishop chaunt- ed Te Deum, then high mass was celebrated, during which the Dauphin and the Princess took off their crowns, and the Cardinals their mitres. The Dauphin took the King's crown and laid it on the desk of his Majesty's pew. After the gospel he replaced the crown on the King's head, and re sumed his own, as did the Princess. During the offertory, the King-at-arms and three heralds carried the offerings to four knights of the Holy Ghost. These offerings are a vase of silver gilt, containing the wine ; a silver loaf, a gold loaf, and a large dish of silver gilt, containing the medals struck on the Coronation. After the elevation of the host, the High Almoner, Prince de Croi, went to take the kiss of peace from the Archbishop ; then, going up to the Throne, he gave it to the King ; the Dauphin and the Princess of the blood came to receive it of his Majesty, when the Dau- phin bent his knee. The Dauphin having received the King's embrace, (accolade), bent his knee to his august father, who raised him and held him long pressed in his arms. This affecting scenes made a profound impression on the assembly, and tears produced by the sweetest emotions were mingled with numerous cries of "'Vive le Roi!" "Vive le Dauphin." The enthusiasm of the spec- tators was without bounds. His Majesty, after- wards took the sacrament in both kinds; after which the Dauphin approached the King, and delivered his crown to him again. His Majesty remained a few moments on his knees in prayer, after which the Archbishop took, from him the crown of Charlemagne, and gave him a lighter one. He afterwards returned to his apartments, and repaired to the Royal entertainment in the great hall of the Archiepiscopal Palace. The Paris Papers contain an account of a seri- ous accident which had nearly befallen the King, as he approached Rheims, and which actually be- fel some of his suite. It appears, according to the details as they are given, that the noise of the cannon, in firing a salute, frightened the horses of the carriage in which were the Dukes d'Aumont and Damas, and Counts Coise and Curial, The carriage itself was dashed to pieces ; Count Curial had his left shoulder blade broken, and the right lacerated by the glass, while the Duke de Damas was also dangerously wounded. Count Cosse re- ceived a violent contusion on the head. His Ma- jesty, it is added, likewise ran considerable dan- ger, for the echo having doubled the noise of the cannon, the horses of his carriage were frightened, and it was with great difficulty they were quieted. The King was, of course, much distressed at the accident, and refused to proceed to Tinquex, till he was assured that the wounded noblemen of his suite were not in imminent danger. Subsequent accounts say, that Count Curial had two ribs broken, and as an old wound had re-opened in his breast, and the disorder had become complex, great apprehensions were entertained for his life. This was not the only accident which happened about this period. On the 27th of May, a fire broke out in the stables of the Post House at Braine, two leagues from Fismes, which destroyed 18 of the King's horses. The origin of the con- flagration could not be traced. A terrible acci- dent, also happened at Rennes on the 19th ult. As some soldiers of the garrison were preparing fireworks for the celebration of the coronation, a spark fell on the powder in the apartment. The explosion was dreadful. The roof of the house wes thrown across the river, the trees of a public walk were torn up by the roots, the windows of the neighbouring houses were shattered at the distance of 300 paces, and about 60 of the artil- lerymen were killed or wounded. The bodies of four or five were buried under the ruins. Some were saved in an extraordinary manner, being thrown into the air, and alighting on their feet with slight injuries, in the neighbouring river, in the gardens, and in the streets. Lisbon Gazettes state, that Sir Charles Stewart had brought to a satisfactory close the important negociations with which he was charged in that capital. They further announce, that he was to set out in a few days for Rio de Janeiro ; and, in the interval, the King, accompanied by the Prin- cesses his daughters, honoured the Captain of the Wellesley with his company at an entertainment and ball, which were given on board that vessel. It is this ship which conveys Sir C. Stewart to the Brazils; and there is no doubt but he will execute his commission there with the same bril- liant success, by which his labours have been dis- tinguished at the onset. The German Papers, received on Thursday, contain accounts from Constantinople, dated the 23d of April, from which it appears, that the Porte positively asserts, that up to the 12th nothing unfortunate had occurred in the Morea, though unfavourable reports prevailed in that capital. Letters, however, received on Thursday by the Greek Deputies from Zante, to the 24th of April, mention the defeat of the Turkish forces, but no details are given. They also contain a rumour of the Egyptian fleet having been de- feated. The action took place before Modonl The heads of four Albanian Chiefs, who had been put to death by Redschild Pacha, had arrived at Constantinople to ornament the gate of the Seraglio, from which it is supposed that he dis- trusted their fidelity, and therefore cannot depend upon the Albanians, whose defection alone would decide the fate of the campaign. Letters from Beloglio, received by.the way of Semlin, announce the defeat of Redschild Pacha, on Easter Sunday, who had reached Yanina on his retreat. Constantinople, April 26. — The arrears of the Janissaries were paid to them on the 12th, and every thing appears now to be tranquil. The Capitan Pacha has not yet put to sea. A Greek division of 20 sail are wailing for him at the heights of Tenedos. The Sultan has ordered 1,500 Tartars on board, armed with muskets. The Eng- lish Captain, coming from the Morea, arrived at Constantinople on the 16th, and brings most disastrous news from the Porte; he declares that he saw with his own eyes the destruction of ten thousand Egyptians, who were surprised by the Greeks at Navarino during the night; but other Captains (Franks), coming from the Morea, differ in the accounts of the English Captain, and state that Ibrahim Pacha had received reinforcements, and was beseiging Navarina both by land and sea. THE UNLAWFULNES[S] OF WAR.— A most sin- gular pamphlet is just published, under the title of " A Letter addressed to the King by Thomas Trush, on resigning his Commission as a Captain in the Royal Navy, on the ground of the unlawful- ness of War." Mr. Trush declares that he began to doubt the lawfulness of war more than three years ago ; but that, in order not to take an impor- tant step rashly, he devoted these three years, which he has passed in retirement, to reading and reflection on the subject, assisted by earnest prayer to the Supreme Being. The result is thus stated : — " Determined as a Christian never to draw's sword, or pull a trigger, for the purpose of shed- ding human blood ; nor yet to return a blow for a blow, or an insult for an insult ; I feel myself per- fectly unfit for your Majesty's Naval service, and I think I should act neither honestly nor consis- tently in retaining my commission." The Dutch are making preparations to surpass us in vessels navigable by steam. There is now building at Rotterdam a vessel which, when com- pleted, will be of the burden of 1,100 tons, to be propelled by an engine of 300 horse power. She is intended to carry troops and passengers to Ba- tavia, and will be commanded by a lieutenant in the Dutch navy. The machine for furnishing her is manufactured at Liege. 