THE DRAMA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY GAZETTE. SIR, I forbore to contribute my humble mite in sup- port of the Drama, as I saw the subject in very able hands, and considered it to be conducted with liberality, moderation, and candour, on both sides. I own, Mr. Editor, that I am so far interested in the promotion of what I conscientiously consider would be conducive to the gratification of the major part of the population of this Colony, and at the same time combine moral instruction with entertainment, that I trust the period is not very far distant, when, as the mists of prejudice disap- pear, a theatre, projected on a regular system, and arranged with due regard to decorum and pro- priety, shall be instituted and supported in this Colony. Leaving this point at its own issue, I now come to the principal objects of my precent address, and beg leave to call the attention and to bespeak the abilities of some of your best dramatic Cor- respondents to a subject immediately relative to the life of our immortal Shakespeare—a subject on which I have long felt an anxious desire to be made acquainted, but for which I have in vain ex- plored and traced and retraced the pages of his numerous biographers—on this point they are uniformly silent. When the affair of the veni- son purloined from Sir Wm. Lucy's park, com- pelled our bard to fly to London ; his first employ- ment appears to be in holding the horses of persons of consequence, who came from distant places on horseback, and taking care of them during the performance, for which he picked up a few pence ; at length, we are told, he was no- ticed by the comedians of that day, and got into the threatre, where he officiated as a call boy to the prompter, in which very humble capacity he remained until he became an actor, but of so little note, that according te Dr. Johnson, his principal character was that of the ghost in his own tragedy of Hamlet. Here, then, is the mys- terious lapse or chasm that I want to have filled up. What became of Shakespeare, from the period when he just emerged from the duty of a call boy, to that where he burst upon the world as the greatest and most original genius of his own, ar.o every succeeding age? Twenty years must have elapsed beforer he produced his first tradegy of Romeo and Juliet, and Shakespeare was then 33 years old. But admitting that, according to Ma- lone, he commenced dramatic writer in 1591, he was then 27 years of age, and it is a most re- markable circumstance that of so distinguished a character so little should be known or have been gathered, by his most sedulous biographers, during a period, of at least 15 years ; if he had devoted this important interval of his life, to study or to travel, it must haye been traced and discovered; or how could he have acquired such a valuable knowledge of mankind, their passions and pro- pensities, their virtues and vices, as to have been able to draw, with so eminent and faithful a hand, such correct and masterly delineations of nature ? Of the dramatic poets, who succeeded our im- mortal bard, history has furuished very minute particulars, perhaps not so immediately inte- resting to the world, but at any rate illustrative of the great end of biography. It may be admitted that a difficulty has attended every enquiry into the subject as it relates to Shakespeare, from the distance that time has left behind, and because the exertions of dramatic biographers were very little in practice at that period., or I believe for more than a century afterwards. Still, should any of your intelligent Correspondents be able to furnish information that may throw a light upon the occult subject of my present inquiry, I shall ap- preciate it with respect and veneration, as a trophy due to the memory and the genius of Avon's un- rivalled bard. I am, Sir, yours, obediently, SCHILTO. 