THE PUBLIC DINNER TO THE GOVERNOR. The Public Dinner, the Grand Public Dinner to the Governor was celebrated, according to previous announcement, at Parramatta, on Monday last. It ??? New South Wales, generally had ever joined in; but, it was indeed the first thing of the kind that was ever effected, or even projected, since the foundation of the colony. Much interest was naturally raised, and many speculations ventured on the probable issue of the attempt. It was supposed impossible that the people, being such novices in all the arts essential to the management of public entertainments, could suc- ceed in a business of that magnitude— it was sup- poscd impossible also to bring together all classes in the Colony in social union, even for the temporary purpose of paying a compliment to the Repre- sentative of their common King. The trial of Mon- day proved, at least, that the Colony was in a " fit state" to undertake a good dinner, and the cordiality with which all parties - all classes, blended on the oc- casion, also showed that they felt the strongest in- ducement to mix in harmony, and that respect for Sir Thomas Brisbane prevailed over every other consider- ation: Having said thus much by way of opening, we shall proceed a little more into detail. By the in- dustry of the Stewards, who all pulled one way, and by the activity of all who had a share in the prepara- tory arrangements - the Dining Room, with its ad- denda, a profuse dinner, was ready for the reception of his Excellency and the company at seven o'clock, at which hour grace was said, and all sat down to en- joy music and wine, and substantial fare, " together with all the deli —" The room was filled, most gen- teelly filled, but not " comfortably" filled, because to merit that character there must be " a squeeze," a regular squeeze, otherwise it is not fashionable, and of course what is not fashionable is not comfortable. In this point of view then — there being space suffici- ent, if " set out by metes and Bounds," for three per- sons.— just three persons more than were accommo- dated, exclusive of the chair vacant for Banquo's Ghost — we all know who Banquo's Ghost is, not Shake- speare's Banqo's Ghost, but the shades of HIM (me- tonymically) who died on a certain Friday— in this point of view the dining room was not so comfortably filled as it might have been. The assemblage of per- sons collected together really shewed the wealth, the respectability, the wonders of this " unknown" coun- try.- There were above one hundred persons present, how many above we do not know, but the company certainly exceeded one hundred, and that to happen in Parramatta is shewing something in favor of New South Wales, and not a little in favor of the Go- vernor. Most of those who fill the highest civil offices in the Colony attended on the occasion. The absentees were such as could not appear on account of ill-health, or because they had not received their cards in time. Such as would not attend can hardly be said to reach the plural number.. Of the military we observed the Lieut. Governor, Capt. Stewart, the Go- vernor's Aid-de-Camp ; - Colonel Dumaresq also was present. It would be endlesss, and indeed unnecessary, to enumerate all by name. The dinner partook of that character only, which all such meetings should do — it was a convivial party, but it was a public dinner. When cloth was removed the usual incidents followed:- Dessert and toasts and speechifying. — When the Governor's health had been drank, his Ex- cellency made a few observations, which were both appropriate and feeling, and energetic. We were, indeed, exceedingly well pleased with the pertinent and candid remarks which fell from him. There was a degree of ingenuousness and liberality in his acknowledgments, And the avowal that " The peo- ple of the Colony had relieved his Honor from every imputation which had been cast upon it," shewed, not only how much he prized public opinion, but that when he was sensible of being justly treated by it, he was not above conferring on it his meed of gratitude. It is not uncommon with many public men to affect to despise the applauses even of the vulgar ; while in truth, those applauses are the food they feed on. Such was not the way in which his Excellency treated the re-iterated attentions of the people ; but, at once confessed the extent of the debt, the measure of his gratification and the warmth of his feelings. There was a political honesty in this which WE admire. When " the Liberty of the Press" was given, Sir Thomas, also repeated his oft repeated opinions with respect to the necessity of extending to this Colony the " free Institutions of England." After four hours of real enjoyment to every one, his Excellency retired about eleven o'clock. A good deal of the company sat to a late hour, and the party then broke up, as it had continued during the evening - in per- fect harmony. Every praise is due to the Landlord for his assi- duity and attentions. We must not omit to notice the ''grand trans- parency" in the Dining-room, and its grand device, " Diogenes in search of an honest man," — the light of his lantern falls upon the Governor. The following Song, composed for the occasion, was recited in the course of the evening : — The trophies of freedom, transcendent, have shone, In graceful reflection, from Britain's bright throne ; And the star she diffus'd — with munificent smile, Has glimmer'd, at last, on Australia's Isle. The zeal of, our fore- fathers— hallowed thro' ages, The arts in their triumph — the wisdom of sages, Combin'd to bid freedom's fair scions expand, And guard, whilst they wav'd o'er the genial land. And as the young seedlings were nursed in her vales, O'erspread her green mountains, and bloom'd in her dales, The shoots were dispers'd thro' the civiliz'd world, Whertjver Brkannia's flag was unfurl'd. And tliej flotirish'd around, 'till the Atlantic wave Was crimson'd no more, with the blood of the slave, Nor the task-masters lash, the red signal for toil, But the Afric's dark brow rose illum'd with a smile And ye;1 on 'these shores, to' whose oraisons, heav'n,' ? - So sacred i charge has ailspidio'uslygiv'n,' — . 1 - Oh treasure it wisely, and temper its spirit, That your children inay, long^its pure blessingsanherlti'' ' The time now is past, when 'by tyranny* aw'd, Fair freedom was outrag'd and justice onllaw'd'; For tlie hydra, oppression, has sculk'd fav away, - ? ?-. And her death-blow, once struck, is completed this day. By ethics dedue'd from philoso'pliy's Jaws, -- ? We are taught to retrace the efTec't to the cause ; That cause is before us — all hail itf and bend To our chief — to our advoc-tte', patron, and frieiid ! , » - Whilst fond recollections ou'r'hearts shall endear,' . His name, and his worth will survive with us';'Iiere— And the legend ,- attested- by youth and by age, Shall form a proud column in history's p'nge: Emancipists — lot .your warm plaudits resound, '? And the full chord o'f -gratitude vibrate around ;'? ' ' - Swell, savcII, the- proud goblet — full charge — now or never!- ' While, the toast is — Our Brisbane and Freedom for .ever'!./ J The Governor dined with the Garrison on Tuesday, and yesterday with the Turf Club. 