Shipping Intelligence. On Thursday morning last the ship Admiral Cockburn, Captain Cooling, arrived from England, and last from Hobart Town. She sailed from Lon- don on the 27th August, and the Derwent on the 13th ult. She brings a valuable cargo of sundries. Passengers, from England, Mrs. Cooling, Mrs. Rea, and 13 others, whose names appear elsewhere. From Hobart Town, Mrs. Robert Howe, Mr. Cave- nagh, Mr. W. McKenzie, Mr. Thomas Gooche, Mr. W. B. Shand, Mr. W. Miles, Mr. James Cobb, Mr. T. Burkett, Mr. H. Rowcroft, Mary Ann Capon, Mr. William Smith, Mr. R. Chapman, and Richard Wallace. On Friday last arrived from Chili and the Pacific Isles, the brig Calder, Captain Dillon. Her cargo comprises 3500lbs. of negrohead tobacco, 2 tons of arrow root, copper, &c.; Passenger, Mr. Busby, Civil Engineer. Same day returned to port, from a sealing cruise, the colonial brig Elizabeth, Captain Books. She came last from Dusky-bay, New Zealand, and brings 3000 skins, finely preserved. On Sunday arrived, last from Hobart Town, the ship Henry, Captain Ferrier. She left London the 12th October, called at St. Jago, and then pro- ceeded to Hobart Town, where she landed the pri- soners (females). She brings to Head- quarters two prisoners, two free women, and four children. Pas- senger, the Rev. Mr. Garrard. Surgeon Superin- tendent, Dr Carlisle, R. N. Yesterday arrived from London, the schooner Prince of Denmark, Captain William Stewart, laden with sundries. She left London the 8th of October. Passenger, Mr. Mat- thew. Sailed, on Sunday last, for Madras, the ship Grenada, Captain Anderson, with the remainder of the 48th Regt. on board, under the orders of Lieutenant Brotheridge. On Tuesday sailed, for the Isle of France, the brig Ann, Captain Grimes. Yesterday the brig Haweis, Captain Dibbs, sailed for Ho- bart Town. Yesterday morning was taken from this port, under charge of Mr Matthews, First Lieutenant of H M. ship Slaney, the ship Almorah, we understand for Calcutta. Remain in the harbour, with H. M. S. Slaney ; the ships Ardent, Phoenix, Swallow, Hope, St. Michael, Asia, Admiral Cockburn, and Henry ; with the brigs Active, Calder, Elizabeth, Perseverance, and Fame ; and the schooner Prince of Denmark. HIS EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR in CHIEF came to Town on Monday morning early. A COUNCIL was held on Saturday and on Tuesday. Yesterday His EXCELLENCY returned to Parra- matta. The late rains, with which the country has been favoured, call for proportioned gratitude towards a gracious and considerate Providence. The maize crops however, those of the earlier kind, were blasted with the long succession of drought---not one cob out of fifteen being saved upon the average ! Of the latter crop there may be some hope, but then it will entirely depend upon the weather. In a few months maize will, no doubt, be as high as ever it was in the Colony, with the exception of the me- morable year 1806--- when bread brought a dollar a-loaf, and that of a most inferior and scarcely eat- able quality. With the deficiency of maize, pork ne- cessarily advances in price ; but as the rainy season may be daily expected to set in, the fields will not fail to yield abundance of herbage, so that we shall ob- tain plentiful supplies of beef, of which article the Colony has been rather destitute lately, another consequence of the long drought. It has been remarked, by some of the oldest inhabitants, that a warmer summer, has seldom been experienced ; which may be justly attributable to the unfrequency of thunder and lightning.---The storms have been but few in comparison with former years ; and when such is the case, the heat of the atmosphere becomes intense. The failure of the maize crop leads us to contemplate the consequences that may arise in the course of the year. Thus animals, that are accustomed to feed on maize, must now be sup- ported with wheat, or else with indifferent aliment, that is only casually obtainable. The wheat must therefore become lessened rather in an unforeseen way. We are now induced to enquire how we stand effected, for the present year, in regard to that article, from which is derived the staff of life. The most correct calculators in the Colony seem to think, in the event of the maize crop having answered the fullest expectations, that still there would only have been a bare sufficiency for our consumption ! The maize crop is gone ; and to supply this loss, or we will say only partially supply this deficiency, the present mere sufficiency of our wheat (not viewing the increase of population) will grow every day less ! " Oh," but says some wise-acre, " we can get supplies, from our friendly neighbours in Tas- mania !" We answer that such cannot be ex- pected, in the nature of things, to be the case. If ever the Vandemonians increased in wisdom, it was during the end of last year, when they thoughtlessly parted with that identical grain, which should have been retained for their own consumption, and which, most curious, we did not stand in need of. They suffered for their indiscretion, and we benefitted not by our sapient speculations. The failure of the maize crop being notorious, us well as the impossi- bility of any redundancy in our wheat, it becomes every Colonist to consider in time for their families, and lay up provision while it is reasonably to be had. Government, too, we think would do well to fill their granaries without delay, and give the poor settler an equitable price for his grain, that he may feel some encouragement to go forward. The set- tler, in his mere isolated character, may be an object of inconsideration ; but take the settlers collectively in New South Wales, high and low, rich and poor, and there are no Colonists (the agri- culturists excepted) who deserve so much at the hands of a reflecting Administration. We are not of the same opinion with our contemporary, who stated, in his last, " that if even the maize crop should fail, still it would be time enough to dis- patch a vessel for foreign supplies, when such failure should have taken place." It is observed by ONE not given to err, that if a wise man fore- seeth the evil ;" we cannot discern any degree of wisdom in awaiting the arrival of a famine with the view of meeting it, when all are starving. How- ever authoritatively Captain Mitchell may have acted in his seizure of the Almorah, and in taking her off with flying colours, we have no question ere the year 1825 closes, that we shall be glad of the rice thus violently wrested from the Colony. Cap- tain Mitchell has no doubt been well advised ; and also indemnified, but we think those parties will prove to have gone beyond the mark by next Christ- mas. A few months, and this great political ques- tion, that has so agitated our capital, will per- haps have burst upon the heads of its devoted victims ; and, " Like the baseless fabric of a vision, Leave not a wreck behind !" The Almorah is off ! The Executive Authority has been set at defiance ! And His Majesty's Officers have been daringly and wantonly fired on ! For the sake of Captain MITCHELL, and his First Lieutenant (MATTHEWS), we had almost ex- pressed a hope that the Almorah might turn out to be a law- ful prize, for if such should not be the case there can be but one opinion as to the painful but necessary result, originating in conduct so glaringly repugnant to every principle of jus- tice or humanity. The transaction, in all its ramifications, was no doubt well canvassed, and maturely deliberated on, by the COUNCIL of Saturday and Tuesday. The ATTORNEY GENERAL, and Deputy Assistant Commissary General CLE- MENTS, attended by the high constable (Dunn) with a War- rant under the hand and seal of the Chief Magistrate of the Territory, attempted to proceed on board the Almorah on the forenoon of Tuesday. In the course of the morning she had been removed from her moorings in the cove, within almost whisper of the Slaney, down the harbour abreast of Point Piper. That forenooon she was reported to be on her way to Calcutta, under charge of the First Lieutenant, notwith- standing the Government had offered to guarantee to Cap- tain Mitchell the amount of the property on board belonging to the Crown, until the affair was brought to issue before some competent tribunal. Upon the approach of the boat within 200 yards, Mr. Matthews was seen to wave his hand. Marines had been sent down from the Slaney to protect the prize from re-capture by nine unarmed individuals in a de- fenceless boat ! The prize-master kept waving his arm, but they were too distant to hear any words : at length six mus- kets were successively discharged. As the shot came whir- ling about the boat, the Attorney General directed the men to return to town,---upon which THREE CHEERS WERE MANFULLY GIVEN BY THESE NAVAL WORTHIES ! In the af- ternoon the Attorney General and Mr. Clements made another attempt to board, and were welcomed by a similar warm re- ception ! This they might have expected, as Captain Mitchell was met on his return from the Almorah, and he very considerately advised them not to think of going on board---so HE was well aware of the instructions he had given to his Lieutenant to shoot the Attorney General, or any other Officer, even in the execution of their duty ! Upon the return of the Attorney General to town, an infor- mation was filed, under Lord Ellenborough's Act, against Captain Charles Mitchell, and Lieutenant Bathurst Matthews. The former was immediately apprehended at the Sydney Ho- tel by the Sheriff, who executed the warranty and Sir John Jamison and Captain Raine became security, in the course of the evening, for the appearance of Captain Mitchell. Upon Mr. Matthews, however, as he thought it best to cut and run, though he was reported to be on shore during the night dis- guised as a common sailor, the warrant was not executed--- but he will be forthcoming at a future day. The whole of the Almorah's crew, we understand, were made prisoners of, and eventually turned out of the ship. Captain Boyd, however, was permitted to take a passage. That no blood has been shed, we rejoice ; and that the matter did not come to an amicable arrangement, pro tempore, we regret. We know the tide of public opinion is against us, but all that we require is a suspension of judgment for a few months, as re- gards the legality of the seizure. With reference to firing at a defenceless boat, and at King's Officers, some of the laws of New Zealand or China might justify the step, but the mere presenting of a loaded piece (by our law) is death ! How far the discharge of the piece may lessen the offence, we are not prepared to say. After all it is an ugly affair, and we should not like to be so racked with anxiety as some are, not for all the tea, rice, and dollars in the universe---and even with the Almorah into the bargain. The Quarter Sessions at Parramatta were held last week at Nash's Inn. Some cases were transferred to Sydney ; and several prisoners were sentenced to two, three, and five years banishment to Port Macquarie. The Grand Jury, on the last day of the Sessions, made several presentments. The Gaol, Factory, Lunatic Asylum (at Castle hill), Parramatta Toll- gate (on the Windsor-road), and the Female Orphan Institu- tion, were subjects of presentation. One might be allowed to question how far any Grand Jury have right, ex-officio, to investigate such Institutions as the Orphan. We never read of a Grand Jury proceeding from the Old Bailey to pre- sent the habitations and Officers of the Lords of the Treasury. But the same argument applies with equal force to both ; and does not exempt the residence of any Officer of the Crown ; for might we know the Gazette Office may be presented at the next Sessions ! or, perhaps the Guard-house, to which we should have no objection. The Toll-gate is certainly a great burden to the people of Parramatta, as they cannot pass from one part of the Town to another, without paying toll. And no person can take a ride on an evening, one mile out of the Town, without being arrested by these nuisances. The Lu- natic Asylum should be removed. The building is exceed- ingly dilapidated ; and the utmost inconvenience attaches to the whole structure. Were there no other objection to this place, its distance would present an insuperable one. The want of a convenient Court-house was particularly pressed ; and it is hoped, that the Colonial Government will forthwith erect a building so essentially necessary for the administration of justice. Grand Juries, in the execution of their proper office, are instruments calculated to produce essential public good, or great harm ; and it would be well if they did not permit the high privilege, which their country confers upon them, to he sullied by an improper feeling towards the Au- thorities under whose auspices they have been raised to inde- pendence of spirit in making all presentations. No forced construction---no exaggerated or coloured statement, should be produced by a body so exalted--- so privileged---so inde- pendent ! A freedom of enquiry is a constituent part of every Englishman. But too frequently a sudden elevation is the cause of men becoming supercilious, and whilst they forget the proper intention of their office, feel greatly chagrined if their presentations are not most scrupulously and promptly attended to. \--oooooo-- The prisoners that arrived per the Asia were landed on Monday morning last. The customary inspection by His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR took place in the course of the forenoon, who was much pleased with the appearance of the men. They were afterwards distributed throughout the country. We hear nothing about the much talked-of tour of inspection to the Southern Settlements of His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR in CHIEF. We are glad to announce the return of Mr. Busby, the Civil Engineer. This Gentleman went in the Mermaid cutter, some few months since, to the relief of the Government colonial brig Elizabeth Henrietta, which valuable vessel was on shore on one of the islands in Foveaux's Straits, called by Mr. Kent Goulburn island. His Majesty's ship Tees had visited the brig, and after several ineffec- tual attempts, the vessel was abandoned. Mr. Busby, however, was not to be intimidated from an attempt to save the Elizabeth Henrietta, with which view he offered his services to the Colonial Govern- ment. Mr. Kent, the former commander, expressed it as his conviction that any effort would be fruit- less. With the aid of only six men, however, in the space of 26 days, Mr. Busby completed his Herculean task. The vessel was quickly rigged, and accompanied the Mermaid to the Bay of Islands, 800 miles distant, where Mr. Busby left her. The crew were out of provisions, and had been living for some time upon almost nothing---in which privations Mr. Busby participated. The Elizabeth Henrietta may be daily expected. We should hope that Government will not fail, most liberally, to reward Mr. Busby for all his toil and ability. SYDNEY BIBLE ASSOCIATION.---The fifth Anniversary of this Institution was held on Tuesday evening last, in St. Philip's Church : the Reverend WM COWPER in the chair. We have merely time to notice that the Institution still conti- nues to go forward amid many obstructions. One hundred and forty-three Bibles, and seventy-four Testaments have been distributed by means of this Association ; and £330 have been received, in aid of the general funds, since its formation in 1820. The Roman Catholics are thirsting for the Bible throughout every corner of the globe. The principal speakers were, the Reverend Messrs. Cowper, Hill, Tyerman, Ers- kine, and Leigh. The late arrivals at the Derwent have not fur- nished us with any intelligence so late as that which we had previously received. Already news has reached us down to November, whereas all these departures seem to have occurred in August. We have budgets of English papers come to hand by these opportunities---but then they imbibe what we are bound to call old news. The Sessions of Oyer and Terminer were held at Launceston in January, and concluded the same month. The trials appear, at the usual length, in The Tasmanian. No very dreadful offences seem to have darkened their calendar. It is reported that Captain Briggs is the owner of the Admiral Cockburn ; and that this old visitant to these Colonies is on his way out with a brig named the Cyprus. The Rev. W. GARRARD, a Clergyman on the Tasmanian Establishment, arrived per the Henry. Dr. CARLISLE has brought five ewes and a ram, of the best Merino breed. The following is a list of the passengers that ar- rived from England at Hobart Town on the Admi- ral Cockburn :---Mr. and Mrs. Walker, and 3 children ; Captain and Mrs. Ker ; Miss Binfield, Mr. Cavenagh, Mr. Austice, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. James Ailslie, Mr. John Drydon, Mr. John Gaf- ney, Miss Ann Maddock, Miss Susanna Wilson, Miss Fanny Wilson, Mr. Augustus Earle, and Mr. Henry Gooche. The ship Cumberland, Captain Carns (formerly of the Neptune), arrived at Hobart Town on the 24th January. She imports a valuable cargo of merchandize ; and brings the following passen- gers :---( Cabin ).----Alfred Stephen, Esq. Barrister at Law (son of our Solicitor General), and Mrs. Stephen ; Major J. S. Jackson, Mrs. Jackson, and family ; Major T. D. Lord, Mrs. Lord, and family ; John Raine, Esq. charterer ; Miss Barbara Cot- trell, Miss S. E. Holland, Mr. and Mrs. Crowther and 2 children, Mr. W. Dangar, Mr. T. Dangar, Mr. Thomas Stephenson, Mr. Frederick Pendray, and Mr. John Elliott, besides four servants. (Steerage).---Mr. and Mrs. Facey and family, Mrs. Honer Makepeace and family, Mrs. Flanegan and family, Mr. Edward Hayes, Mr. Henry Batten, Mr. George Mann, Mr. Daniel Stockman, Mr. Wil- liam Skinner, Mr. Richard Smarden, Mr. George Evans, Mr. Francis Cook, and Mr. Abraham Aaron. The long-looked for Phoenix, Captain Dixon (formerly of the Regalia and Venerable), arrived at Hobart Town on the 26th January. Her cargo comprises a most valuable assortment of merchan- dize, some of which she is landing at the Southern Settlements. Including children, the number of passengers is reported to amount to 76. The fol- lowing is a list :---(Cabin).---Mrs. Dixon, and infant ; Dudley Ferriday, Esq ; Captain and Mrs. Pike ; Mr. and Mrs. Gough, and 3 children ; Mrs. and Miss Blachford ; Mrs. and Miss Bignall, and 2 children ; Mrs and Miss Clark ; Mrs. Johnson, and 3 children ; Mrs. Lansdell, and 2 children ; Mrs. Dalrymple ; Mr. Hill, Mr. G. Ives, S. R. A. Architect, Mr. Redfern and son, and Mr. Griffiths, Surgeon of the ship. (Steerage).--- Mrs. Scro- martie, and 2 children ; Mr. and Mrs. Fox ; Mr. and Mrs. Horsden, and 4 children ; Mrs. English and son ; Mr. and Mrs. Mannington, and 2 children ; Mrs. Rawlins and child ; Miss Ann Bol- ton ; Mrs. Rowe ; Mr. and Mrs. Appleton, and 2 children ; Mr. and Mrs. Watchom, and 4 children ; Mr. and Mrs. Chapman, and 3 children ; Mr. Morgan, Mr. Addison, Mr. H. Addison, Mr. Henderson, Mr. J. Crouch, Bridget Dunn, Charles Radcliffe, John Medhurst, Thomas Bolton, and Sa- muel Cox. The ship Henry, Captain Ferrier, arrived at Ho- bart Town, on the 9th ult. with 79 female prisoners, all whom were landed with the exception of two. There were also on board 25 free women, and 33 children, who came out, at the expence of Govern- ment, to join their husbands and parents. We see that Port Dalrymple exports wheat to Hobart Town ; and it is said we may look forward to supplies from Launceston in the course of the year. We are given to understand, from more sources than one, that our old friend, Robert Lathrop Murray, Esq. is either the principal or assistant Editor of the Hobart Town Gazette We are somewhat astonished at this information, as we always took R.L M. to be more of the loyalist than to take up the cudgels against Government ; but we shall suspend our judgment upon this matter till further advices reach us, well knowing that Captain Murray must have greatly changed his principles to associate so openly, with the cha- racter from whom he was accustomed to receive the towel and soap when frequenting the Globe tavern in a certain far- famed city---more notorious even than Albion house ! ! ! Reverses of fortune must be allowed to have no small oper- ation upon the mind of the gentleman ; but for an ex- captain to descend to descend to the rank of an ex-waiter is too monstrous for us to reconcile. If Mr. Murray knew that this said waiter so far imposed upon a certain Personage in this land as to elicit an invitation to dinner, what would he say ? But he did, and was apprehensive of attending to it ; indeed, the learned towellist of The Globe tavern, was so unpolite as to forget, in the plenitude of his instructions as am- bassador to our Court, to render any acknowledgment of the written invitation. He knew better than to attend---a disco- very of his pretensions to the Master of Arts took place---and had he again obtruded in the quarter alluded to, the back- door would have been shewn to him by a fellow-servant. We hope Mr. Murray has not formed, in his old age, so dero- gatory a coalition---he should not so far forget himself as to descend to the level of one who endeavours to ape him in his many well-known singularities, but in none more prominently than the huge mustachoes ! The Tasmanian has at length made its debut on the Australian stage. Five numbers have been forwarded by the late arrivals. Many may expect us to say something uncommon on the occasion, but to eulogise a production with which we are ever so remotely connected we feel no disposition. Like the Sydney Gazette (the first Newspaper in the Southern world), The Tasmanian must rise by its own worth. Professions are cheap commodities, in the fulfilment of which we have found much dif- ficulty, but still have endeavoured to perform all our engagements ; we esteem, therefore, the modest attire with which the first Tasmanian ushers itself into public notice ; and the Address displays good sense and simplicity, apart from that dictatorial tone and pedantry which distinguish too many Journals of the day. " The object (says the Address) of the Publisher will be to render The Tasmanian as useful as possible, and never to allow it to be the vehicle of personal attack ;" such are sentiments worthy any Australian ! A Newspaper, upon ever so contracted a principle, must be conducted with some portion of energy blended with a degree of ability. Now, these two ingredients, independent of very fair execution with make-shift materials, seem to form the features of the unassuming but violently-opposed Tasmanian. The Proprietor has fully justified every expectation concerning his expanding ability : and we have no hesitation in ad- vancing, that as the Colony of Port Dalrymple in- creases in Public regard, so will The Tasmanian grow into equal consideration, and Eclipse every competitor, in that part of the globe at least. The Sydney Gazette was a far less respectable paper, in point of appearance, for many years, than The Tasmanian, even in its birth ;---we hope that the founder of The Tasmanian may turn out as clever as the founder of the Sydney Gazette, and then the name of our Progenitor will not be calumniated for a deficiency of professional skill. The Hobart Town Gazette was only the ghost of any thing in the shape of a Journal tor some years ;---but still the late Editor, and present sole Proprietor, did his best in the absence of proper materials, as we had occasion to supply his wants, from time to time, as well as we were able. The Hobart Town Gazette may now loudly exclaim against ingratitude, but we would ask, publicly, whether this paper would not have dropped years ago, but for our obliviated assistance ? We look upon the Hobart Town Gazette as one of our children, which after pater- nally rearing, dares to turn about as soon as it arrives to a stripling state, and lift its puny arm against the hoary headed sire ! When children offend, correction generally follows ; but as we are yet Bent upon exculpating friend Andrew from the capital offence in this case, we shall only partially charge him with the crime of impeaching us with ingratitude, because in so doing he fails not to pro- claim his own. We censure Mr. Bent for allowing any whipper-snapper of a Globe-tavern waiter to so far prostitute his hard-earned press, as to level the shafts of calumny indiscriminately against the posterity of HIM, whose shoe latchet he will never be qualified to unloose, as relates to his editorial functions. The heathens always observed it as a maxim, to speak of the dead with respect--- but this Editor has demonstrated that he is below the gentile tribes---and were it not that he has an uncommon " gift of the gab," or flow of smattering, he would not be distinguishable from that race of animals, of whom there were no less than 3000 drowned at once. His sweeping and dulcified calumniations might very well suit the bar of the Cat-and-fiddle which this said Editor kept in Hobart Town, but they are not calculated to give the desired effect to the Readers of his Journal---a P per which owes so much to us---except it be akin to the disagreeable effect produced on accosting the London waiter transmogrified into the Tasmanian Esquire !--- Waiters, tap-room keepers, lolly-pop merchants, and Editors, sound mighty well ! Such a conglomeration never before was embodied in one character, and we recommend the Compiler of the Tasmanian Almanack, in his next year's chronology, to append these titles to that of Stenographist, and then the Globe will not be able to exhibit so singular a piece of mechanism.---We doubt not but that the newly- arrived emigrants would eagerly enquire in what part of the town this noted character resided ;--- and then, in great state, they would be conducted, by one of the devils no doubt, to Albion-house ; where, in durable brass, and in legible print, would be visible all the various titles of this Tasmanian grandee --- this puerile, bombastic, insignificant, but consequential low-life, Editor ! We would advise Mr. Bent, at least, not to allow the once respected Hobart Town Gazette to be the vehicle of slandering or libelling those who are far beyond the missiles of his present dandified Editor, for whom we have a rod in pickle---such an one as will make him wish to re-emigrate from those shores on which he will only live to become more odious, and less regarded. Upon us, at all times, any one is welcome to bring their heaviest guns to bear--- we care not for the most severe action, having al- ways a choice supply of shot in store that seldom fail to hit the mark, but then we do not like the dead (whom this spawn of a waiter denominates " cabbage-eaters") to be disturbed in their graves. We have no wish to protect The Tasmanian---no, let that paper fight its own battles---it will soon silence any opponent. We requested, in fact en- joined Mr. Howe to court the friendship of Mr. Bent---but the loss of a few paltry shillings or pounds was too great a consideration to allow of the existence of peace ! We have been seriously advised to institute legal process against the Hobart Town Editor and his compeers,---but such a remedy (only fit for the coward) we disdain. Our own weapons are much better understood by the genuine Editor than any Court of Law. The Law can only cut one way, but the Editorial weapon is double-edged--- though never called into action except in cases of dire necessity---something like the present. Should the whole scurrillity of the Globe come down upon our devoted pate, in our public capacity, neither waiter nor Editor need fear the vengence of the Law at our hands ; but of private character we shall ever be tenacious. When this said Editor was here on his embassy, he had the impudence to tell us of two Presses that he expected daily, either to compete with, or assist his present too easy and incredulous employer ; but he must have been very shallow in- deed, for a moment to suppose that we gave credence to all the nonsensical volubility he chose to utter, in total disregard to every principle of truth. We are not much surprised at the wrathful expressions of the man, when we come to recollect that he had the temerity to propose himself to us as an Editor---complimented the very streets he now con- demns---admired the pre-eminent magnificence of our endless structures---became enraptured with the vast superiority of our harbour---remarked upon His excellence of our land travelling---descanted, in the strongest terms of disrespect, upon the wanton inefficiency of the local Authorities---then fowled the Supreme Government---spoke of the liberty we enjoyed---in fact this Colony became elevated to the skies, whilst ours sister Colony (now the second Eden !) sunk lower than the bottomless abyss ! We heard the silvery tones of this silencing Editor---for we found it impossible to participate in the luxury of conversation---and we remembered at the time it was somewhere expressed, that " lying is an abomination." We will now hasten to stop our pen, and so far escape the filth with which otherwise we should inevitably be polluted. We assure our Readers that their time shall never, in any other instance, be obtruded upon by such matter, but they will be kind enough to admit that silence would not well become us when the memory of our Progenitor attacked ; upon such occasions (may this be the last !) our pen shall inflict strokes that none but culprits ought to feel. As the Tasmanian pro- poses " not to become the vehicle of personal attack," it is trusted such a sentiment will ever be kept in view-though we are aware even-handed justice will, occasionally, elicit the correcting rod ; but then an adherence in life to the professions set out with (if these professions are honourable) not only will secure respect and esteem, but also prove a source of internal peace to the upright and con- scientious mind. In the words of a celebrated Tasmanian ex- lawyer, one of the ancient regime we would conclude this subject, as regards the Hobart Town Editor, by hoping that "his cat may never scratch us, or his fiddle cease to play." In our last Paper there was a letter published bearing the subscription of "A Warning Voice." This production, though brief, it seems has yielded no trivial offence to those connected with Police matters, who all exclaim against the veracity of the assertions therein stated by the "Warning Voice," whom we leave to stand on his own bottom. We must beg leave to say, however potently acrimonious the display of illiberal feeling may be towards us in the performance of public duty, from that duty we shall be as little inclined to shrink as any con- temporary we may have to cope with. We are just as independent as the Australian, the Tasmanian, or the Hobart Town Gazette---a paper for which we had once more than ordinary respect ; and are therefore not to he intimidated by the pitiful inuen- does, or the secret wiles, of those who are more ad- dicted to the parade than to the administration of justice--- who are more influenced by prejudice and revenge, than prompted to strict impartiality from an inherent love of justice. Those who are seated in the chair of office, however low may be their sphere of action, should always bear in mind that the " Judge of all the earth" will sooner or later " weigh them in the balance," and woe unto those that will then be " found wanting." We will not moralise, but must nevertheless point those charac- ters to the first model of justice Australia has ever been honored with since her foundation, namely, our present CHIEF JUSTICE---who regards neither " high or low, rich or poor," in his sacred and important character as Judge ! This is an example worthy of imitation---and an example which we fear not in holding up to view, us the whole Austra- lian world well know we have nought to apprehend, and as little to expect, from fulsome adulation, which, could only meet with its proper reward---con- tempt ; and the just contempt of good men is what we shall ever avoid. The Editor of a Paper is not by any means responsible for letters that gain inser- tion. If such letters contain mis-statements, in the name of common sense let them meet with de- served contradiction. If they should, upon the other hand, imbibe matter of a libellous tendency, there are the Courts of Law open to seek redress---a remedy which we would beg to recommend to the ene- mies of free discussion. As long as we are indem- nified, and saved harmless, we shall never fail to make ourselves responsible for any consequences--- one of the greatest boasts the Conductor of a Journal can publicly avow---and one of those privileges which will be the last to wrest from a constiti- tional---an independent Editor ! The Roman Catholic Tract we spoke of in our last, contains 39 pages of closely printed matter. The replication will not be much less, and very likely the whole will be re-printed, so us to give the Reader an opportunity of perusing both sides of the question. This step would not have been re- sorted to, but from the circumstance of the work being printed in the Colony, and that, too, without any imprint, which we by no means approve of. Let the Printers father their own publications, as is the case in other parts of the world. Why should our contemporary think it any disgrace to set his name at the foot of these " Principles ;" as we have no ambition to deprive him of the plea- sure, though it is is neatly executed ? We have of tea exclaimed against being versedin legal tactics, but yet we feel impelled to invite the attention of our contemporary to the following extract train the Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 79, passed exclusively for Prin- ters, and we entreat his obedience, in future, to the Laws of his parent land :— " That from and after the expiration of forty days after the passing of this Act, every person, who shall print any paper or book whatsoever, which shall be meant or intended to he published or dispersed, whether the same shall be sold or given away, shall print upon the front of every such paper, if the same shall be printed on one side only, and upon the first and last leaves of every paper or book which shall consist of more than one leaf, in legible characters, his or her name, and the name of the city, town, parish, or place, and also the name (if any) of the square, street, lane, court, or place, in which his or her dwelling-house or usual place of abode shall be ; and every person, who shall omit so to print his name and place of abode on eveiry such paper or nook printed by him, and also every person who shalI pub- lish or disperse, or assist in publishing or dispersing, either gratis or for money, any printed paper or book, which shall have been printed after the expiration of forty days from the passing of this Act, and on which the name and place of abode of the person printing the same shall not be printed as aforesaid, shall, for every copy of such paper so published or dispersed by him, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds " The salary of the Cashier of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land has been raised to £400 per annum, which is equal to that of our Secretary and Cashier ; with this difference Mr. M'Kenzie's salary is paid in sterling, and that of Mr. Lewis in currency, or dollars at 5s. each. The Cumberland, we are informed, was chartered by Mr. John Raine. Some disputes are said to have arisen between the charterer and Captain Carns ; and one of the parties, to settle all disputes on his side, actually destroyed the charter-party. Such conduct may answer for Hobart Town, but we have not yet, in Sydney, arrived at the acme of mercantile honour. Captain Dillon has been absent from this port, on his late trip, 20 months and 8 days. This old Com- mander out of Australia has visited, in that interim, all the islands from the Paliseers down to New Cale- donia. From the Society Islands he brings nothing new, as we have later information. The Fejee Islands have only been visited by two ships, with the exception of the Calder, since the massacre of Captain Robson, of the East India ship Hunter, many years ago. The Calder remained among the Fejees three weeks, during which time Captain Dillon experienced the utmost attention and kind- ness. He brings here one of their chiefs (an admiral), together with a Tonga native. The Fejee islands consist of between 200 and 300, and leaving Chris- tianity out of the scale, make the nearest approxi- mation to civilization of any of the South-sea Islanders. The difference in the idioms of the Tonga and Fejee natives is not by any means great, as those two on board the Calder freely converse with, and understand each other. The natives of the Fejees are distinguished from the rest of the myriads in the Southern ocean by one circumstance, viz. the manufacture of earthenware. These islands, in former years, were noted for the vast cargoes of sandal wood with which the East India trade was supplied---but, so scarce is that article now, that Captain Dillon could only procure 300 pounds weight. From thence the Calder proceeded to the New Hebrides, and called at Port Resolution, in the island of Tana, in which harbour a vessel had not anchored since Captain Cook was there. A few of the old natives mentioned the memorable name of Cook, as well as those of Mr. Wales and Mr. Foster. We should have previously stated, that the Fejeeans on board the Calder, conducted Captain Dillon to an island not before visited by Europeans, to which Captain D. gave the appellation of Joseph Bar- ratto's Island, its latitude is 20° 39 S. and longi- tude 178° 26' W." The island abounds in all the various kinds of tropical luxuries and provisions; and the natives were well- dressed. They had a pistol and some beads amongst them, of a foreign manufacture, which they reported to have obtained from a vessel that had been wrecked on a low, sandy, and uninhabited island, only one day's sail to the leeward of their own, called Toovenah. All hands were lost ! No other tidings of this dis- astrous event could Captain D. succeed in gleaning. Some of the most choice and rare curiosities, the productions of the South-sea Islands, are brought to the Colony by this opportunity. They are well entitled to the inspection of the curious, and the learned. In addition to the above, Captain Dillon has been kind enough to furnish us with the following in- teresting but dismal account :---A few days prior to the departure of the Calder from the Coast of Peru, the American ship Globe, of Nantucket, of 250 or 300 tons, arrived at Valparaiso with only two men and three boys on board ; having the union down, covered with human blood ! She was commanded by a Mr. Smith, formerly a boat- steerer. He stated, that on the ship's way to the Sandwich Islands, towards Kingsmell's Group, at no great distance from the North part of this coast, the majority of the crew mutinied and conspired against the captain and officers. They entered the unfortunate commander's cabin, and without cere- mony knocked out his brains with an axe. The chief officer was next butchered. They then pro- ceeded to the cabin occupied by the second and third officers, who were prepared for resistance, and a dreadful conflict ensued, but, being overcome by strength, they also were numbered with the slain being thrown overboard while alive, though hor- ribly wounded.---A ruffian, named Countstock, then took charge of the vessel. Two days after these atrocities, the steward was detected in the act of loading a pistol --- he was taken on deck --- a court was formed by the pirates --- the steward was con- demned to be hanged at the fore-yard arm --- and the sentence was immediately executed. The ves- sel then shaped her course towards Kingsmell's Group, where the natives opposed their landing, upon which many of them were slaughtered. Lord Mulgrave's Range, in 5° N. was the next course steered for. Here they anchored, and were kindly received by the natives. The provisions and stores were then landed, and tents erected on the beach from the sails of the ship. Countstock governed the party on shore, whilst a man named Oliver (the only Englishman, all the rest being Americans) had the command on board. In distributing the cap- tain's clothes, they disputed on the beach, when Countstock was shot dead by Oliver, who now be- came the head of the pirates. Oliver and his party remained on shore during the night, to enjoy their guilty pleasures ; which was seized upon, as a fa- vourable opportunity by Mr. Smith, a youth of 17 or 18 years, and 3 boys, to secure the only villain that remained on board, cut the cables, and make sail, which was effected. The vessel reached Val- paraiso in August, after a voyage of 3 months, during which those on board underwent extreme privation. The dreadful narrative being communi- cated to the American Consul, a man-of-war was despatched to secure Oliver and his party. By the Tasmanian, as well as the Hobart Town Gazette, it would appear that information has reached Van Diemen's Land of the death of that able and distinguished Officer, Colonel CIMITIERE, who is said to have been cut off with a part of his troops, in a rencontre with some of the Indians. As particulars are not stated, we will yet abstain from giving credence to the tidings. If we may believe The Tasmanian, the Settlement of Port Dalrymple bids fair to Eclipse the other side of the island in a few year. Time must be allowed for all things. The good people of Port Dalrymple are in a fair way of hearing Divine Service performed, at length, with something like regularity. Colonel ARTHUR (the praiseworthy and indefatigable LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR) has decided that Launceston shall be the capital of Port Dalrymple, and not George-town, in consequence of which the Rev. Mr. YOUL, or some other Clergyman will officiate, at least every Sab- bath, in the new capital, which contains fourteen streets, the names of which are published by Mr. Howe, in The Tas- manian, and are as follow :---1. Brisbane-street ; 2. Paterson street; 3. Cameron-street ; 4. Cimitiere-street ; 5. William- street; 6. York-street; 7 Elizabeth-street; 8. Frederick street ; 9. Tamar street ; 10. George-street ; 11. St. John's street; 12. Charles-street; 13. Wellington-street; and 14. Bathurst-street. It seems the Tasmanians have a battery in front of the barracks, called, after the present Commandant, 'Fort Cameron." No respect is paid, in any of these names, to the memory of MACQUARIE or SORELL ! Well; perhaps the inhabitants are under no obligation to either ---- else there would be some token of giatitude. Mr. Sadler, the aeronaut, has terminated his ter- restrial career. This unfortunate Gentleman, who ventured his life times out of number, fell from his balloon, and was killed on the spot. Such is the end of most, if not all, of these unwise adventurers ! Are there not dangers enough on earth ? 