To the EDITOR, Adulationi crimep fænum servilutis. Sir, -In endeavouring to reply to the last reduction of your Correspondent, "Com- mon Sense," I shall pass over, (as I am certain the Public will) much of the incomprehensi- ble rhodomontade with which his Letter abounds-fustian and bombast too ridicu- ously absurd, to be worthy notice. Blun- ders need not exposure, such as those, where in one sentence, your various Corres- pondents are reduced to a single " multifa- E'VHM grumbler," and in the nextare described as " multitudinous howlers :" he gathers, he says that they are all the production of one pen. " Methinks," I can gather, that his, are the production of two -the happy union of Law and Divinity. The incognito of an anony- mous writer is always inviolable ; yet I ven- ture to state, that none of your various Cor- rspondents would, shrink from avowal. As for himself, he may rest satisfied, that he will never be enquired after. He charges us with " scurrility, falsehood and abuse." This is a general accusation : let him particula- rize ; we can defy him ; for myself I despise the application of such weapons, non tah auxilio- The education of a Gentleman brings with it an appropriate style; does it appear in either of the productions of "Com- mon Sense;" or does not that, of which he complains, appear to be his own particular forte ! for example, he calls the Commuica- tions of your Correspondents, the unchristian, gross, virulent, disreputable falsehoods of how- lers, reeking with petty spite and party animo- sity ! and yet this, writer talks of scurrility ! The grievances complained of, have been put in tangible shapes, and in moderate lan- guage : plain specific, direct, charges,-which this writer's coarse and vulgar contradictions cannot do away ! Let us refer to some few of those which have appeared in your co- lumns. It is said that the Naval Officer treated Mr. Edward Lord most uncourteously, in confining him to the ship, in which he had made the wearisome voyage from England, until he was released by the orders of the Lieutenant Governor; that his little portman- teau was searched on landing, lest rum or tobacco should have been concealed in the folds of his linen ; that the Public, even fe- males, are driven from a landing-place, ex pressly erected for the public accommoda- tion, at the public expence, by the late Lieu-tenant Governor Sorell (or ever re- spected and regretted memory) ; that Gui- neas are refused to be taken in payment of the Colonial Revenue, upon, a pretence, which the pretender can support by no au- thority; that the Merchants have been re- fused permission to take such part of their property from the King's Bonded Stores, as they may from time to time have occasion for; that certain Public Officers comport themselves "with general incivility and rude- ness, in the discharge of their public duties, to that Public by whom they are so well paid, so far beyond their deserts, and most sanguine possible expectations ! and that va- rious other breaches of usage and Courtesy, now, for the first time, prevail in particular Public Departments. Again, another indivi- dual has received some gentle reminiscent acknowledgments of the Christian virtues for which he is so pre-eminently distinguished ; gentleness, charity, humility, meekness, and disinterestedness ! Reference is made to the conveniencies afforded by Lord Bathurst's back door Act of Parliament, as to the lack of academical education, in cases of Colonial ordination! These recollections to persons holding Public Offices, paid out of the Re- venue, raised from our industry, have given, it seems, mortal offence. Your Correspon- dent does not reply to these plain tangible istatements, except by unmannerly contradic- tions ; he calls them " calumnies" and says that all the men of respectability know them to be false. This, Sir, is his assertion : mine is certainly at least quite as good ; and I as- sert, that all the men of respectability know them to be true ; but it seems his heroes cannot enter into controversies upon anony- mous attacks ; he is mistaken. They have tions made to the late Naval Officer and ano ther Gentleman formerly holding a high pub- lic situation, and their answers, and let him publish them if he dares ! This is pretty straight forward work, Mr. Editor ; there is no occasion to shift, and shuffle, and call names, and tMk about "Marlyn"and a Me- ridian splendors," and " thick glooms," and " suns quenched in the tropics" (a figure fur- nished by the holy co-partner), and all the other trumpery rant; but let him, I" say, produce these Letters, if he dares! it is mi- serable stuff to talk to us of the high respec- tability of his great personages (Botany Bay respectability after all); nor does he befriend them greatly by inviting these sort of abori- ginal enquiries, which had much better be let alone: personality is a wretched mode or argument, either in panegyric or abuse; for what avails it in answer to a charge of misconduct, to tell us, that the misdoer is a respectable man ! equally valuable is the "solemn protest" your Correspondent talks of -the solemn protest of an anonymous writer -a ghost ! a shadow ! for what else is he? Hel tells us that we come "reeking with petty spite and party animonsity." Now, to say nothing of this "elegant" and "eru- dite" Moorfields language, what party does he allude to ? I know of none ! This, again, is another of the partnership' sublimities, whose joint conjurations are really too pro- found for common comprehensions. -I think, Mr. Editor, I have troubled you enough at present. If your Correspondent ventures again to the attack (which, I doubt, unless in a fresh volume of abuse), he shall certainly be attended,to ; but let this miserable patch- er of a miserable cause beware ! it is only child's play at present ! there is yet that be- hind, which if provoked forth, will exhibit what are the meanings he attaches, to the words " RESPECTABILITY, CHRISTIANITY, INTEGRITY, and HONOUR !" -I am, Sir, yours, &c.; Q. 