Shipping Intelligence. On Friday last arrived from the Friendly Islands, and last from New Zealand, the ship St. Michael, Captain Beveridge. Her cargo comprises 35 tons of pork, and a ton or two of sinnet. Remain in the harbour, with H. M. S. Slaney ; the ships Ardent, Mangles, Minerva, Phoenix, Swallow, Hope, Mary Anne, St. Michael, and Ann and Amelia ; with the brigs Active, Ann, and Go- vernor Macquarie. His Excellency the Governor, in Chief paid the customary visit to Town, for the Despatch of Public Business, on Tuesday morning ; and re- turned yesterday to Parramatta. The Council met on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Proclamation of His Excellency the Go- vernor in Chief, in this day's Gazette, we are aware will afford general satisfaction-confining the- tern general to these Colonies exclusively. The Home Government can only be transiently ac- quainted with the localities of its Colonies, and therefore prudently invests the Covernors with a discretionary powvr of acting, in all cases, with a view to the prosperity and»safe government of the colonies committed to their charge. Greater ge- neralship cannot be displayed than the exercise of wisdom by the Ruling Power at the critical moment ii may be called for, which is precisely the case as regards these Colonies. That the rates and duties, now liberally reduced, were extremely excessive, an experience of two years has loudly and lament- ably testified : hence is obvious the impolicy of a measure at length pronounced, not only detrimental to the Public interest, but also equally ruinous to the advancement of commercial enterprize. We are decidedly of opinion, that, whilst heavy duties are exacted from a Community, the trading interest must necessarily languish, and languishing die.-- and the revenue of the country soon dwindle into a non-entity; whereas a small and reasonable duty, so far from holding out inducement to smuggling, or affording any cause of complain, will encourage trade-resuscitate commerce- swiftly though im-, perceptibly fill the public coffers---and thus dissem- inate satisfaction amongst all classes of' the Com- inunity. That considerable attention has been given to the interest of the- settler, as well as the colonial distiller, all will candidly admit who read the Proclamation. Whilst, what may be esteemed a fair duty is laid on colonial spirits, rather a heavy restraint is still imposed on the importation of East India rum which will no doubt for ever shut it out from our market.--Long enough that Company drained our purse, from the effects of which we have not yet recovered. The distinction between spirits distilled from Colonial, grain, and that produced from molasses, is wisely observed ; for, whilst upon the one hand, distillation from sugar (which we must yet import) is thus discoun- tenanced---though the discouragement apparently be insignificant---yet, upon the other hand, proper inducement is held out to the industrious agricul- turist---the man, of all others, that is entitled to the warmest support ! Our own spirits will now necessarily grow more into general acceptation ; as, in a short time, the quantity imported will be but trifling; and we entertain little apprehension,but that the spirits of Australia will vie with that of far-famed Jamaica ! Though the duties respecting tobacco appear not to be determined on by the Legislative Council, we think the time is close at hand when the result of mature deliberation, on this other important branch of commerce, will also meet with the same pub- licity as that of the Proclamation alluded to. It is our wish to behold the Colonies overcome their late depression, and make rapid strides to equal wealth and proportioned respectability with other British appendages ; we flatter ourselves, therefore, that the duty on tobacco will shortly meet that consi- deration to which its importance is every way en- titled-as, in that case, the system of duties will be more, complete. When so much is effected, Australia and Tasmania may be said to enter upon their establishment in commercial enterprize. In our last we intended to make some observa- tions on the Emancipist-question, which arose to our view on the late discussion before the Supreme Court, but were then prevented from saying a few words, in addition to those volumes we almost might say, that have been reiterated in the columns of this Journal--a Paper that has never, in. one solitary instance, attempted to depreciate the alleged rights of the Emancipists, nor presumed to buoy them up with hopes that might be dashed in the very birth. That the question "went off as it did, whether it is thereby procrastinated for only a fortnight, or for six months, was with us a matter of regret ;-we anti- cipated to have had the pleasure of recording, in our last, the amplest success of the measure resorted to.-though the step turned' out to be the only in- efficient one that could have been adopted. The defeat of that day (if such it may be termed) should teach all men, who hold themselves up lo the Public as being pre-eminently clever in more trades than one, that'there is "just a possibility" of losing their cause-one, too, upon which the Pub- lic may be greatly "convulsed," or said to be " convulsed." Upon mature reflection, we must confess, that we never thought success would be the issue of the step that was adopted ; for, leaving law (of which we know very little) out of the ques- tion, it did appear rather ludicrous that a body of individuals, however respectable, should anticipate a disgrace with which they might not be \¡sited that of wilful exclusion from the jury list ! That the Emancipists were excluded the last Quarter Sessions, is an indisputable fact ; but that a repeti- tion of the same evil (for so we will call if) must take place February next, as a matter of course, was a species' of divination altogether without the powers of our carrow comprehension. The Sheriff became honorably relieved of the odium that might have attached itself to him, but for the explanation I that came before the Court ; and we really believe it is wholly a matter of indifference to that Gentle- man who is, or who is not, impannelled. Like the worthy Solicitor. General, the Sheriff declared, through his learned Counsel, that he was no party man, and that he did not intend to become sub- ject to such a designation ! These are the charac- ters that will render our Colony truly illustrious; and till one set of meu get divested of their preju- dices, and another throw off their spleen, we must be subject to commoti m and disquietude, in which fermented state the Colony will be kept, purely with the noble design of filling the coffers of a set of needy adventurers, who, findiug their inde- pendence no longer vendible in the mother country, come here to dispose of their drugs 1 Our contem- porary was at great pains last week to give the Public an outline of the legalities connected with this question iii his defensive leading article, and among other quotations he cited the statute of 3 Geo. II. c. 25 ; whereby it is made to appear, that the omission of any person whose name ottçht to be inserted, or the insertion of any name whick ought to be omitted, by ",ttye person re- quired to make up such writ," is punishable, for every such offence, by a fine of 20s. on conviction before one Justice. But our contemporary could not have borne in mind, that this omission or inser- tion must be proved to be wilful (" wilfully omit ;") else that statute, the one in question'too, falls to the ground ! That this question .should be at rest, there cannot be much diversity of opinion ; but,that the same should be rightly effected, is what we are most concerned for-as, in that event, it will then for ever be settled. Let the Emancipists be urged lo any measures to which they may be prqinpted, we can assure their Counsel, that*, in a few months, this matter will be arranged in the Mother Country, to the satisfaction of their Clients, which ¡would have been effected too without their interference, else our respectable authority is seriously mistaken. Rut, in the mean time, we beg that no enemy will turn .round upon us, and proclaim aloud that we are thus " nipping the nascent liberties of the'Country," by trying to* procrastinate the unhoped-for bondage of> ,the majority of the Colonists, in holding oat to them those rights and liberties prospectivly^wlHch should be theirs immediately. So contrariare!our, feelings and views to such double dealing,, f.h{rtjwe 'hope to live to see that day wlien all. pari yrrdistiocA tions (iq public life at least) are banished from the society of Australia. These are our sentiments, ¡from which nothing save dissolution can disunite us. In our contemporary of last week we were some what surprised on meeting with the following para graph, in his Police report : - "James Bennett, a painter residing in George street, professing to be a lover of sweet sounds, was deprived of his ticket of leave, for taking certain liberties, with the choral department of St. James's Church, in a letter to the Editor of the Sydney Gazette, some few weeks since." Were this report true, and had the Magistrates deprived the man of his liberty upon the only ac- count stated as above, we have no hesitation in averring, that Bennett was unjustly dealt with; inasmuch as neither that individual, nor any other prisoner of the crown, was the author of the letter that appeared in our columns "some few weeks since," which was subscribed, "A Lover of sweets Sounds." But our contemporary, with a facility that reflects credit to his scholarship, takes the gentlemanly advantage, at the moment afforded, of trying to depreciate our Journal, at the expence of any poor fellow that may happen to come be- fore the new Censorship of the Press, so recently established, but which will bring more odium upon our contemporary than he perhaps is aware of, un- less such a practice is at once abandoned. The man, Bennett, we have learnt, held a ticket of leave at the instance of the Rev. Mr. Hill, so long as he continued a member of "the choral department of St. James's Church;" but, as he thought proper to relinquish the only condition upon which liberty was suspended, of course his ticket of leave was can- celled; - this is nearer the fact. Not that Bennett ever wrote a letter to the Editor of the Sydney Gazette; or that the Editor of the Sydney Gazette is in the habit of receiving correspondencies from any other writers but Gentlemen, and those generally scholars! We anticipate that Whitfield's case will be tho- roughly explained by our contemporary of this morning-as nothing will afford more satisfaction to his Readera than for him to shew that he was no party to that transaction :-we wish him to main- tain his credit with the Public. We think it rather unfortunate that our contemporary should bear so heavy upon ticket of leave men and prisoners of the crown, and where there is little or no occasion. He most certainly must forget that these men, at no remote period (to-morrow for aught he knows), may become invested with all the rights of free subjects ; but, it is not improbable that his friendship for them is deferred till they become Emancipists and, then, he will advocate their cause.--Glorious independence, this ! In our opinion, the man who would trample on the rights of a ticket of leave man, or the lowest prisoner of the crown, would just as soon, could his own private ends thereby be brought about, also as readily oppress the Emanci- pists. The latter should never forget, whilst a spark of humanity pervades their frame, "that once they were in the condition of those who are now traver- sing the same thorny path to equal respect, and equal independence, with themselves. ' At the General Quarterly Meeting of the Agricultural Society, held at Walker's Inn, Parramatta, on the 15th inst, in addition the usual routine of business, the following Members were unanimously elected. Honourable Chief Justice FORBES; John STEPHEN, Esq. Solicitor General; John MACKANESS, Esq; George MILLS, Esq; Assistant Commissary-General LITHGOW ; Gregory BLAXLAND, Esq; Lieutenant STEWART; G. T. SAVAGE, Esq; Mr John HOWE, Glenlee; Mr Nelson LAWSON; Mr. Robert HOWE, Sydney. The Gentlemen of the Deputation (the Reverend, Daniel Tyerman and George Bennett, Esq.) with the Rev. Mr. Threlkeld, visited the settlement of Newcastle on Friday last, on the Lord Liverpool. These Gentlemen, we understand, in- tend taking a journey as far as Bathurst, and going going from thenre to Wellington Valley, with the view of ascertaining the most adapted spot to enter upon a Missionary undertaking, They also pro- pose visiting the sister Colony (Van Diemen's Land) by the earliest opportunity. By the arrival of the St. Michael we learn the safety of the Mermaid, at New Zealand ; and that the active Mr. Busby was employed in endeavouring to float off the Elizabeth Henrietta by means of casks. It is not improbable, therefore, that we shall again have the pleasure of seeing one of our old navy returning to port after a long and critical cruize. The attention of the Public is earnestly called to the present depressed and very low state of the funds of the Benevolent Society---an Institution that should most certainly not be allowed to droop ; but from its present exhausted state, is positively in danger of altogether going to decay. We mention this alarming fact to rouse the minds of the really Benevolent to a sense of that duty which is claimed, at our hands, by the maimed, the halt, the blind, and also required by that BEING, who bestows superfluities and riches upon one por- tion of mankind, that the wants and miseries of the other may thereby be proportionably alleviated,. Let us, therefore, promptly and liberally obey this urgent call to public duty! The following extract of a letter from one of our Correspondents at New Zealand, will throw con- siderable light on the subject of colonizing New Zealand with British subjects, which was men- tioned some few months since : " We have just been favoured with the copy of a letter sent to Mr. Kendell from a German Baron, residing in London, with whom Mr. K. was ac- quainted when in England. It goes to inform him, that he, the Baron, is sending out a considerable number of mechanics of every description, with all things requisite to form a free settlement and Colony in New Zealand, and that he might expect their arrival in the months of August or Septem- ber of the present (last) year. The land is already purchased by Mr. Kendall, from the natives of, Shukaanza, where they intend to settle. How far, this speculation may answer, it is impossible to conjecture. As, Mr. K. speaks of great things, I hope it may answer." The moschetoes still continue to infest the town, of Sydney, whilst their numbers, in the country parts, are less numerous than ever before known. It has been generally remarked, by butchers parti- cularly, that, since their visit, the large blow fly (so great a pest in the summer season) has scarcely been met with. Relative to the Friendly Islands we have some interesting particulars favoured us by Captain Be- veridge, of the St. Michael, which, however, are deferred till our next publication. Mr. Kelly, settler, at the Half-way house on the Windsor- road, met wifh a serious loss on Friday last. Five stacks of wheat, a new chaise, and a large barn, were all consumed by fire, which lasted for three hours, and was only then got under by the utmost exertions of the few parties who hap- pened to be on the spot. Mr. K. thus loses the produce of 37 acres of fine wheat, with the exception of about twenty two bushels. It is thought that the fire was occasioned by an incendiary who is not unsuspected. A Windsor Correspondent kindly transmits us the following :—"The servant of a Mr Field, a settler on Freeman's Reach (on the Hawkesbury Banks), was in the act of cutting grass on his mas- ter's farm, on Saturday the 8th instant, when he was bitten, on one of his toes, by a dark brown snake, bordering a little upon yellow on the belly. He repaired to Windsor as soon as possible,where he did not arrive arrive before the lapse of three quar- ters of an hour. The usual means were had recourse to by Mr Clayton, late pupil to Dr. Par- meter, which fortunately terminated most fa- vourably—no other untoward symptom occurring than that of an affecton of the eyes, which is consequent on the bite of these reptiles."—This is said to be only one of many other similarly suc- cessful cases. One of the Moniteurs, of, August 10, announces that Louis XVIII. has established a new species of nobility within the French empire, to consist of the titles of "Baron, Viscount, Count, Marquis, and Duke," which is only to be conferred on those subjects who shall appear worthy of such royal regard, but that these titles are only personal, and only to go down to their children or descendants, under certain conditions which almost render it im- possible for the progeny of one of these new made Dukes to have a title once in an age. The English Editors pronounce it a poor nobility ! We ques- tion much whether such titles, are superior to the commonalty of the Australian or Tasmanian esquires! Accounts have reached us, per the St. Michael, of rather a flattering nature to the Religious world, namely, the safety and prosperity of the Wesleyan Mission at Whangarooa, New Zealand. Letters from Messrs. White and Turner give the most sa- tiafactory proofs that the cause of Religion will, ere long, begin to be powerfully felt, and gratefully acknowledged, by the cannibals of this country. Many Gentlemen and others have visited Wesley- dale, the name of the Mission-station at Whan- garooa, and all concur in stating that, it is wonder- ful what an amazing change has been wrought in the, face of that part of the country within the short compass of less than two years. Though Religion cannot be expected as yet to have made those im- pressions on the savage heart, which it must sooner or later produce, still there is a principle of morality gradually diffusing itself throughout the tribes within the vicinity of Wesleydale, for some miles around, that would no doubt cause many a Christian to blush ! The savage cannot long withstand the omnipotence of the Christian code---whilst the pro- fession of those heavenly doctrines can, too often, and oh, how lamentably, treat them with contempt \---and pass them by as unworthy of their consider- ation. But we are not, now going to moralise, as we might offend, which is not by any means our aim. Schools are formed in Whangarooa, and the Mis- sionaries and their assistants, Messrs. Hobbs and Stack (two excellent young men), have entered upon the itinerant plan of preaching to the heathens every Sabbath---thus visiting 5 or 6 different sta- lions, and traversing from Wesleydale upwards of six miles over hills and dales. Tranquillity now pervades,the island, and war was not expected has- tily to transpire, unless created by some unforeseen event. A letter of September 17 last, says--- " The darkness, ignorance, and wickedness of the people, are almost indescribable, and much are we affected with it. In our attempts to instruct them, we are sometimes much dis- couraged, while at other times our hopes are considerably enlivened. Thank God, we hare overcome a good deal of the fagging part of our outward labour, which has been very heavy to our bodies as well as oppressive to our minds. Were you to visit us in our lovely dale, yon would exclaim that much had been effected in 12 mouths, considering the few- ness of hands engaged. In point of enchanting scenery, fer- tility of soil, and healthiness of situation, few Mission sta- tions in the world can exceed ours; but, at the same time, it is well known, to all who are acquainted with the spirit and habits of the New Zealauder, that we liave enough to exer- cise us among them from day to day, which must remain so, till Divine Grace hath wrought the wished for change. The natives are at peace among themselves throughout the island, for anglit we know ; and we have enjoyed much quietude, among them for some time, and appear to be grow ing in their esteem and confidence." Another letter of the 24th ult. adds further:— "We are still persevering steadily in our Work, and not, without some pleasing intimations that we shall shortly see the fruit of our labours We are quite at home among the natives, and all we require is to be instrumental in leading them to the "Lamb of God, which taketh away the sins of the world." From the report by the Endeavour some time ago, we apprehended you would tremble for our safety, but for this there would be no occasion. Whatever ungodly seamen may bring upon themselves, through their impudence or misconduct, we have nothing to fear while we live and act as men of GOD! They have learnt to distinguish between Missionaries, and ungodly seamen. With respect to the latter, they often tell us, that they never pray to JEHOVAH, and that they will go, when they die, to the kaputar mei, i.e. the great fire! The doctrine of rewards and punishments is now pretty generally known, and acknowledged by those who come within the reach of our instruction ; and we hope that some are receiving it as an undoubted truth. We are able to ob- tain a patient hearing from most of them wherever we pursue our course, and have had repeated testimonials that they are as capable of understanding the duties of Christianity as we are. We only want a better knowledge of the language, so as to be able to speak to them in the vernacular idiom; then New Zealanders (with the Holy Ghost sent down from yea- ven) will be converted to God. These facts impel us onward is the study of the language, as we have little doubt but that God has given us talents to be useful in New Zealand." Fur ther particulars are reserved to another opportunity. \+ + + + + + + + About three weeks since the following circum- stance occurred in the town of Bathurst :-Mrs. Bonner, the wife of a respectable settler, was bit by a snake. As medical ,aid was not immediately within reach, Mr. B. lost-no time in making an ex- cision of the wounded part, to which he applied his mouth, and sucked the wound for some considerable time. The next day, Mrs. B. was safely delivered of a fine infant, whom, with the mother, we are happy to say, was doing well. This remedy, which was instantaneous, deserves to be recorded. as well for its simplicity as its efficiency. A soldier belonging to the detachment doing duty at Parramatta, was yesterday morning drowned in that town. The result of the Coro- ner's Inquest has not come to hand. 