CORONER'S INQUESTS. An inquest was held on Wednesday last at the Hope and Anchor, Macquarie- street, on the body of John Walton a seaman be- longing to the brig Prince Leopold. On Monday, Mr. Hassel, of the Glory, was fishing from the vessel, and hooked some- thing which he thought was a body, but the hook broke as he endeavoured to draw it to the surface. The following night a body was found floating alongside, in a dreadfully wasted and putrid state, which proved to be that of John Walton. A snatch-block was tied to the right thigh, which weighed about 20 pounds. The deceased was much addicted to drinking, and for ten days before he was missing, was seldom, if ever, sober. Intoxication seemed to have brought on a sort of mental phrensy. A constant dread of someone being about to apprehend him, haunted his mind. He was so disordered, as at times to insist that a tea kettle was a man. He was missing from the deck of the vessel on the night of the 15th July, and must have been in the water four weeks. Verdict— Drowned himself, being in a temporary state of derangement. We cannot avoid a remark here, on the dreadful effects of drinking. During the short period that has elapsed, since we commenced our la- bours, we have had to record many in- stances of premature death from this cause. Not only the body, but even the mind, is completely wasted and subdued, inducing a state of unspeakable wretchedness; and also that wealth and property which ought to be the support and comfort of many happy families, is consumed in ruinous and poisonous potations. An inquest was also held on Thursday, at the Coach and Horses, Elizabeth- street, on the body of John Boucher, a child only twenty months of age. The mother, an industrious woman, lives on the New Town rivulet, near Mrs. Lempriere's. The child had followed some geese to the water, and had been missed but a short period, when it was picked up from a little pool barely knee deep. Verdict -Drowned by accident. It is to be lamented that the usual methods of restoring life, in cases of suffocation by water, are not more generally known. We shall publish the rules of the Humane Society as soon as we can; meantime, we may mention, that the patients should never be held up by the heels, as was done in this case, as drowned persons have seldom much water in their stomachs. The wet clothes should be immediately taken off, the body sheltered from the cold air, -wrapped in coarse covering, - and moved and agitated in various directions. Spirits (or if not at hand), warm urine, should be poured into the mouth; the nose tickled with a feather or snuff, and warm air blown into the mouth, by a pipe or bellows. We do not mention bleeding or bronchotomy, because where these and other operations are requisite, professional men must be present, who know much better than we what is proper to be done. (from a Correspondent.) On Thursday last, so strong a gale blew down the river, that the surface of the water was completely white. This arose from the influx round the heads, forced, violently up the river, and meeting the wind. It was not, however, sufficient to return the tide, which continued at flood mark, for upwards of nine hours. We may observe here, that off the southern extremity of this Island, like that of Africa and of America, there is found a constant current to the westward, whilst the pre- vailing wind is in an opposite direction a similar phenomenon is found in Simon's Bay at the Cape, being what is termed the lee-side of the land, where when a gale blows from the north-west, the tide is raised much above its usual level. But the coast to the south and east of this Island, with the exception of the Derwent and Oyster Bay, affording no shelter for shipping or inlets of any magnitude for the tide to flow into, and surrounded as it is by an extensive ocean, is little subject to the rise and fall of tide. The irregularity of the Derwent, may probably be accounted for in this way. The prevailing winds blowing from the westward, and blowing sometimes with violence obliquely on the mast, meet the current of waters, and cause a heavy swell, on the shore. This again being repelled, by its bold front, forms a counter current, and a body of water is thrown up. D'Entrecasteaux Channel, which finding its way through the ??age, at the north end of Brunie Island, takes a direction towards Southarm, and empties itself into Storm Bay. This last, however, being already swollen consider- ably from the same cause, the stream is forced across the river, and confines the water higher up. Hence the cause of high tides at Hobart Town, for several days together. When the gale ceases, or the wind shifts, the current becomes stronger to the westward, and the bays are emptied of their overcharge of water. And hence, several days pass without a rise of tide, and the water continues very low, nor does the tide again rise, until the sea off the coast, has found its usual level. In a future number we shall illustrate the truth of these remarks, by examples from other parts of the world. By the late arrivals, we have London Papers to the 29th April. The Gazette of the 23d April notifies the appointment of Major-General RALPH DARLING as Governor and Commander-in-Chief of New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, and their Dependencies. The bill for the Van Diemen's Land Agricultural-Company passed the House of Commons on the 28th April. Mr. Edward Curr was appointed Secretary. Mr Plunkett was expected to be made Lord Chancellor of Ireland. Count Palmella and suite, Ambassador from the Court of Portugal, had arrived at Portsmouth. Mr. Orator Hunt has turned shoe blacking manufacturer, and the walls of London are now enlivened with " Hunt's Matchless." The reduction of the duty on foreign bark, for tanning, is from 20 to 10 per cent. Fifteen thousand tons of this ar- ticle are imported annually into Great Britain. A new canal for ships, from the sea to Paris, is proposed, and estimated to cost eight millions sterling. There had been some disturbance among the natives at Java, and a skirmish had taken place, in which some lives were lost. Tranquillity was nearly restored when Captain Salmon sailed. The Barossa, Captain Hutchinson, last from the Isle of France, was at Deal 28th April. By the schooner Prince Regent we learn that the ship Aguilar, Captain Wat- son, had arrived at Singapore in the beginn- ning of April, and had taken the greater part of her cargo on board for Europe. She was to touch at Malacca, to fill up with spices and drugs, and was expected to sail for England in the beginning of July. Rundell and Bridge are making a silver trowel, with which the Duke of York is to lay the first stone of a new wing, to Christ's Hospital, intended to open into Newgate street. Major-General DARLING, on his appointment to the Government of New South Wales, &c.; and Sir Thomas Coch- rane on being appointed Governor of Newfoundland, were among the presenta- tions at His Majesty's Levee, 27 th April Welsh, in conjunction with Glossop, has become lessee of the Italian opera, La Scala, at Milan. Miss Wilson was engaged as Prima Donna. The spirit of gambling, which it was hoped would have been quelled by the extinction of the State Lottery, has again broken out in innumerable bubble com- panies, and brings ruin on many indivi- duals. The second reading of Mr. Littleton's bill, securing the elective franchise to the Irish Catholics, was carried, by a majority of 48, after a long and interesting debate, at a quarter to three o'clock on the 27th April. And on the following day, Mr. Whitmore's motion for the amendment of the corn laws, was lost after a debate equally long, by a large majority. We shall give extracts from these and other interesting debates with our earliest op- portunity. An interesting work, under the title of the last days of Lord Byron, is just pub- lished. Slaughter houses are about to be esta- blished in different parts of London, to prevent the driving of cattle through the streets, and the accumulation of filth, in the heart of the town, whereby the air becomes tainted and unwholesome. Provisions were high in London,-- Mutton was from 8d, to 10d. a lb ; bread, 3d ; insurance from Hull to Ham- burgh and Leith 5 percent ; from Liver- pool to Quebec, and back, 45 per cent. The Countess of Harcourt, with pri- soners for these Colonies, had returned to England, and disembarked. Hunt whose sentence of death had been com- muted to transportation for life, was on board. The service of plate to be used by the Duke of Northumberland, at the corona- tion of the King of France, is estimated at £100,000. The Lang, Captain Lusk, from New South Wales and the Mauritius, was off Portsmouth, and the Prince Regent, Captain Wales, had arrived in the River. All kinds of raw and manufactured goods had risen. Cotton had got up to an amazing price. The consumption of the raw material in England, is 50,000 bags a month. The Alliance Company insured- L 33,000 in specie, from London to Jamaica, by a King's vessel, at 10s. per cent. which with the discount, &c.; would reduce it to 7s 6d. Extract from the Churchwarden's account, of St. Margaret's, Westminster, for the year 1746: - " Also paid to Roger Flypott, learned in the law, for his counsel giving, 3 s. 8d. with 4 I. for his dinner. " We hope our colonist Lawyers will take the hint. Major General Turner had arrived at Sierra Leone, on the 5th February. The Colony was in a prosperous state. Parliament was expected to be dissolved soon after the prorogation. At the latest, in the month of August. Deaths. - Mr, Fuseli, the artist, died in full possession of his faculties. He was a native of Zurich, and enjoyed the friendship of his celebrated townsman, Lavater, as well, as of the most distin- guished characters of his time. He came to England at an early age, more with the intention of making literature his study than art. Indeed he published a few works ; but while he was yet unde- termined, and speculating, as he said, on the great resolve of life, he took some of his drawings to Sir Joshua Reynolds, and asked his candid opinion whether he had any chance of success as an artist. The President was so struck with the conception and power displayed in them, that, after viewing them attentively, he said, "Young man, were I the author of these drawings, and offered ten thousand a year not to practise as an artist, I would reject the offer with contempt." This decided him ; but it was not until the open- ing of the Milton Gallery, about the year 1798, that the extent of his intellectual acquirements, his lofty imagination, and unequalled fancy, were fully appreciated. His Ghost of Hamlet can never be for- gotten, while the art exists. Mr. Fuseli enjoyed excellent health, probably the result of habitual temperance. He was an early riser, and was a most affectionate husband. Mrs. Fuseli survives him. The body was brought to Town, and received at the Royal Academy by Mr. Knowles and Mr. R. Balmanno, the executors. We regret to add, also, that Colonel SORELL had lost his eldest boy from an inflammation of the lungs. He was buried on the 16th April. 