To the EDITOR. Sir,_I read in your last number the effu- sion of Civis, and at first respected the au- thor for what I took as his zeal in the good cause; but on Ihe second perusal, I blushed though in vaia through impotence", to pile ! another faggot on the fast spreading fire of ' already too violent discord and confusion. What can Civis intend, except to propagate feelings unjustly hostile to Gentlemen in Oflice, when he boldly misrepresents that Hobart Town bad been'left, at least for one night, under the protection of but two Con- stables I The contrary of «,0 base a state- ment is notorious. Sir, undoubtedly our Po- lice may be improved, or rendered more effi- cient by an increased force ; and possibly in- stead of Constables being exclusive guards at individual houses, it would be better that Military Centinels were there placed, so as to afford the Public in general all possible aid from their Civil protectors, lint Civis scribbles to vent his Zanyasms with no one palpable motive which is either generous or just. He prates about " Wood :" stuff, Mr. Editor; it's rank egotism; for Civis is a Block had! Ile tells us of our Magistrates; wouldn't he join their number Sir, if he could? He spouts about " lives and pro- perty."--" competent salaries,"- "sixty constables," and " the çeneralgood." What sublime quackery! As well might my grand- mother's ghost rise to instruct us in the latest dances, as Civis pretend to understand the politics required to control even a pi- geon house ! Let, Sir, Civis, when he next presumes to occupy your pages with his undigested gil)-; hcrish, nts expectorations of absurdity, en d"avonr to support assertions by something like argument; and not again insult your Readers by such a sentence as the follow- ing :-;i Surely the public is not expecting too much, when claiming of them to some du// in the week perambulate lhe town dur- ing Hie nit/fit ! to see that the Constables are doing their duty. - -I am, Sir, your obedient | servant,. 5CIÍÍTI__¿. 