Shipping Intelligence. On Friday last arrived from England and Hobart Town, the ship Harvey, Captain Peache. She left London the 5th of January, and therefore brings no new intelligence from that quarter. She sailed from Hobart Town the 2d instant, up to which period there had been no fresh arrivals from Europe. Passengers, Mr John Spearing and 2 children, Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Ives. Sunday last arrived from Port Dalrymple, the brig Queen Charlotte, Strange, having been exactly a week on the pas- sage. Her cargo comprises 1200 bushels of wheat, 80 bales of wool, 10 tons of potatoes, and 300 kangaroo skins. Pas- sengers ; Andrew Allan, Esq. Lady, and family ; Major McLeod ; Mr. Lewis and son ; and several others. On Sunday se'nnight the schooner Prince Regent, Captain Row, sailed for the Cape of Good Hope and Rio Janeiro. On Monday se'nnight sailed for Manilla, the ship Valetta, Captain Phillips. On Tuesday se'nnight the schooner Liberty resumed her sealing trip. On Tuesday last sailed, for Batavia, the Australian Company's ship City of Edinburgh, Captain Mackellar. Same day sailed, for Calcutta, the ship Sir Charles Forbes, Captain Fullarton. His Excellency the Governor in Chief visited the Capital on Tuesday morning. At noon a Council was held at Government-house. Yesterday His Excellency returned to Parramatta. We are at not all surprised that the Archdeacon has called forth the phillipics of the Australian. In a paper which had all along been a professed assailant of the Authorities of the State, it was per- fectly in character to assail the Dignitaries of the Church. When writers have formed a pre-deter- mination to condemn rank, and to persist in opposition for its own sake, no sense of decorum regulates their pen, and no lack of fair opportunity for censure can restrain the ebullition of their ire. No matter how exalted be the Personage, or how unexceptionable his conduct :— the dignity of his office must fall prostrate before the shrine of their malice, and the innocence of his character must be destroyed by their misconstruction of his motives, or their mis- representation of his acts. Those of our Readers, who candidly listened to the Archdeacon's Charge, and those who have impartially perused the abstract which was published in the Express, will readily admit that these observations are fully exemplified in the leading article of the last Australian. That this may the more clearly appear, we shall proceed to examine that splenetic effusion with an attentive eye. It sets out with an assertion both illogical and ungrammatical :— " The melange in which he (the Archdeacon) treated his congregation, embraced matters both in place and out of place." When we were school-boys, we were always taught to be- lieve, that a thing could not be at the same time right and wrong ; but according to this learned Editor, the Archdeacon has found out the wonderful secret of making an impossibility possible, and actually " treats his congregation" with an exhibi- tion of matters which are at once " both in place and put of place ! ! !" A slight acquaintance with Lindley Murray's elements of sound English would have saved our contemporary from the folly of thus attributing to a Reverend Divine a species of leger- demain. A little further on we find it gravely asserted, that " railing against the infidelity and corruptness of the Press was as unclassical, as it shewed bad taste." Had the Charge " railed" at all, especially had it railed "against the Press," abstractedly considered, it might justly have been pronounced unclassical and in bad taste. But the fact is, there yás nothing in the Charge that had the least resem- blance to " raillery;" it simply states, that the Church ought not to be left undefended from " the poisoned shafts of infidelity daily issuing from a malignant and corrupt Press which attacks both virtue and faith." Is there any thing " unclassical," any thing like " bad taste" in this ? Is it " unclassi- cal" to defend the Christian fold from the incursions of " infidelity ?" Is it "bad taste" to deplore " the corruptness of the Press," and to recommend the preparation of antidotes against the desecrating effects of that corruptness ? We apprehend these sounding words— " unclassical" and " bad taste"— are dragged in to make a bombastic flourish : they furnish a striking instance of literary cant. The next sentence begs a most important question, and imputes to the Archdeacon a sentiment which we are sure is as foreign from his feelings, as his language was foreign from his Charge— that, in the defence of Christianity, " prosecution and perse- cution" are to be " substituted for arguments." We know not by what powers of sophistry any words, which fell from the Archdeacon's lips, could be tortured into such a meaning as this : we there- fore deem it unnecessary to meet this accusation with any thing more than a simple denial of its truth. Our contemporary raises the ghost of an objection, and then, with a valour that would have done credit to the knight of La Mancha, rushes impetuously into the lists of conflict, " armed, at all points, cap-a-pee." " To reprobate the Press as dangerous to Chris- tianity, is to point out an enemy which it dares not encounter." Indeed ! We were really not aware of this before. Then are we to understand that when the Allies " reprobated" Buonaparte " as dange- rous to" the liberties of Europe, they " pointed out an enemy whom they durst not encounter ?" No ! in proportion to the degree in which they viewed him as a " dangerous" enemy, was the vehemence with which they " reprobated" his soaring ambition, and the courage with which they met him on the field. And thus it is with the conservators of our most holy faith. It is their business to ascend the watch tower— to descry afar the approaching enemies of truth— to sound the alarm— to rally round the common standard— and to " contend earnestly for the faith once delivered to the saints." As regards the " dangerousness" of the Press, who can soberly doubt that the blasphemous and licen- tious pamphlets that issue from the purlieus of Fleet-street, have a tendency to shake the unedu- cated part of the community, for whose perusal they are widely, and almost gratuitously dissemi- nated ! The unenlightened mind is unprepared with those sound arguments which, like a wall of adamant encircle Christianity, and therefore yields, sometimes a reluctant, often a ready assent to the plausible lies of infidelity. But, because a venal Press is thus dangerous to the illiterate orders of society, is it " an enemy which Christianity itself dare not en- counter ?" We pity those whose reasoning powers are so imbecile, as from such a predicate to deduce such a conclusion. " The malignity of controversialists, who did something more than limit their disputations to the cloister nr the closet, purged the old Church of the gross immoralities which obscured it, &c.;" It is here insinuated that the Archdeacon would have his Clergy shut their months on the subject of Christianity, and never take a single step in its defence, save in the «* cloister or the closet." When did such a direction escape his lips ? Cer- tainly not when delivering his primary Charge, and we presume that is the only occasion to which the Australian adverts. We will venture to assert 9 that whenever the Press of this Colony shall raise its strength against the truth of Revelation, the Archdeacon will adopt a procedure very different from that of commanding his Clergy to keep aloof from the contest; he will afford them every en couragemnnt to resort lo the same weapons, and through the Press to pour forth .that mighty train of evidences before which infidelity trembles. We request our Readers to notice the pure and gene- rous motives which our contemporary ascribes to " the noble army of martyrs," who were instru- mental in effecting the Reformation-it is to «'the malignity of controversialists" that we are in- debted for a Church " purged of the gross immo- ralities which obscured it." The Reformers, then, were actuated by no sincere conviction of resisting errors, by no ardent zeal for the cause of truth, by no patrotic ambition to rescue their country from tim bondage of superstition : no, it was mere " malignity" that led them to brave the world's deep frown, and to glory in confiscation, imprison- ment, or death ! But not only are these immortal men insulted by this gross calumniation of their motives, but they are held up as parallels to those wretched scribblers who now attack the very foundation of that Church for Which the martyrs burned and bled ! For it was to these assailants alone that the Archdeacon (not in his capacity of Visitor, but of Archdeacon) could allude, when deprecating the unresisted encroach- ments of " a malignant and corrupt Press." Who does not see the immeasurable difference between the disputants thus exhibited as consimilar ? The one class aimed at purifying the Church, the other aims at destroying it; the one sought to protect the torch of truth from the murky vapours which obscured it, the other seeks nothing less than its extinction ; the object of the one was to prove that the Bible had been neglected and perverted, the object of the other is to prove that the Bible itself is a cheat ! Where, then, lies that resemblance which alone could warrant our contemporary to adduce the one as a precedent for the other ? and how is it possible that, from sources so essentially unlike, the same consequences can be expected to flow? The finale oí this unprovoked attack is wot thy of the rest of it. It expresses a wish that the Archdeacon may abandon a course which he never adopted, and convert his labours to a more useful purpose than that to which 'they were neve»' devoted. Against " the Press," when was he known to «. inveigh ?" Never,, unless to censure the abuse of a thing, be to censuro the thing itself. Between inveighing aga'inst " a malignant and corrupt Press," and inveighing against '"run Press," lhere is precisely as much différence as between inveighing against gluttony, and inveigh- ing' against the use of food. " We shall be happy to see the Australian con- verting his'labonrs, which certaiuly.have commenced uncordially and inconsiderately, to a more useful purpose than inveighing against"-The Minis- ters of Religion. The Jury Question has again gone off. From what comes within our personal knowledge we think there is little likelihood of speedy success, as the Lawyers are only trying experiments to ascertain in what shape the knotty point can legally come under the cognizance of the Supreme Court. To the learned Counsel employed by the Emancipists we wish to infer no disparagement in their high pro- fession, but with profound deference to their expe- rience, it strikes us that the only Lawyer who could have brought the matter to issue at once, happens to be professionally opposed to the question ; and it is not saying too much, perhaps, wheu the conviction is expressed, that the ingenuity and experience of this learned tïentleman has hitherto too successfully de- feated the " brothers-in-law," whose inge- nuity, as well as experience, we have no right to question-every day experience confirming us in the opinion we have long since been obliged to form on these points. The Jury Question has been un- der discussion several mouths-nearly one year and seems as forward as it was last July. We have all along evinced our anxiety to see it properly dis- posed of, but, until it can be brought before the Court in a legal shape, it may reasonably be ex- pected that His Honor the Chief Justice will refrain from giving that judgment which then he would feel at liberty to pronounce. If we are cor rectly informed, the question is one of so much complexity, as to divide the opinions of the most eminent Lawyers in the Mother Country ; therefore, it would be monstrous to suppose that the Supreme Court of this Colony, however extensive its powers, or distinguished its legal knowledge, would come to a conclusion, without the nicest deliberation, on a point which involves so much importance and intri- cacy. The Counsel of the Emancipists will no doubt continue to urge the question in a new shape, but it is our opinion-though not a legal one that the third attempt will be attended with similar success to its predecessors. We are not now ad- vocating the point against the Emancipists, as such a line of policy would be altogether at variance with those principles which we have publicly avowed ; but nothing is more clear to our comprehension, than that the legal Gentlemen are honoured with a cause which they have hitherto proved them- selves inadequate successfully to espouse, if we may judge from the upshot of the efforts that have been resorted to. That it is a consideration of some interest, all will candidly admit ; and we know of no public event that would give more universal satis- faction than the judgment of the Supreme Court, founded on the Law of England-nothing short of which can possibly give quietude to the supposed injured Emancipist. There are several Gentlemen as Candidates for the contemplated vacancy in the Direction of the Bank. William Lithgow, Esq. Assistant Commis- sary General, who would prove no small acquisition to such an Establishment; and Mr. Aspinall, elder Partner in the highly respectable House of Aspinall, Browne, and Company, we learn are among the Candidates. Mr. R. C. Pritchett is also said to be one of the aspirants after this ho- nourable and useful post. This Paper is intended to make its appearance in January next, twice a-week, at a reduced price of 25 per cent. A newtThurch is about to be erected forthwith in the vicinity of Kissing- point, which will be of vast benefit to the neighbourhood of the Flats, and the Field of Mars. On reading the last Express, we become informed that the Church of St. Philip is on the eve of being turned into a Cathedral. Whatever brings to the Colony consideration and importance we shall ever be delighted with. Saturday last, being the tenth anniversary of the ever-memorable battle of Waterloo, that part of the Barrack-square which is occupied by the brave 40th, was illuminated on the occasion, and decorated with green boughs, illustrative of the laurels won by this corps, in common with other gallant regi- ments, on that field whose fame will run coeval with time. 