SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. -000000 Thursday last arrived, from Macquarie' Island, with 65tons of elephant oil, the Colonial brig Wel- lington, Captain Day. Also arrived from Auckland's Island, the Colo- nial schooner Samuel, Captain Drydesdale, with 200 fir seal skins. On Saturday arrived from England, the brig Columbia, Captain Wilson, with merchandize, 115 Merino sheep, and 1 blood mare. She sailed from London the 7th, and Plymouth the 16th of July, and Rio de Janeiro the 27th August. Passengers ; T.Icely, Esq. of the Firm of Messrs. Icely and Hind- son ; Lieutenant Rose, R. N ; Mr. J. T. Tiscomb ; Mr. W. Brien ; Mr. John Evans, and 2 servants. On Saturday sailed, for Hobart Town, on her maiden trip, the Colonial schooner Darling, Cap- tain Dowsett. Same day sailed, for Calcutta, the ship Brothers, Captain Motley. Remain in the harbour, with His Majesty's sloop-of-war Larne, the ships Ardent, Triton, York, Mountaineer, Henry Porcher, Rolla, Midas, Sir George Osborne, Cathe- rine Stewart Forbes, barque Lynx, the bugs Active, Glory, Dragon, Lord Rodnev, Brutus, Columbia, and Wel lington, the schooners Samuel, Isabella, Elizabeth and Mary, and Prince of Denmark , and the cutter Sydney Packet. His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR in CHIEF, accompanied by His Staff, attended Divine Service in the forenoon and afternoon of yesterday (CHRISTMAS DAY),at the Churches of St. James and St Phillip. The congregations were not a little delighted on seeing their Governor in their midst. On both occasions the Venerable the Archdeacon delivered impressive and appropriate discourses. _______ In trying to glean something worth insertion in our columns, from the file of Calcutta Papers lying before us our eye was particularly attracted to an article headed "New South Wales." This pro- duction appears in the shape of a correspondence, professes to be written by an inhabitant of these regions, who designates himself Mercator, and is addressed " To the Editor of the Scotsman in the East." We should not have condescended to no- tice this letter, did it not appear to us a subtle, though indirect attack upon some of our Consti- tuted Authorities, amongst the number of whom this Mercator, that happens to be well known to me, can never look in the face without a blush, if he is not altogether destitute of those finer feelings which adorn human nature. We have inserted this letter, because it is almost impossible, with the limited sale of our Journal, that much more exten ive publicity could be afforded, than that which it had obtained in the Eastern Scotsman, therefore our readers will be able to detect the multiplied in- consistencies and falsehoods of Mercator, who ought, in justice to some of the characters he has thought proper to impugn, to have awaited the re- sult of certain circumstances which were only be- ginning to be developed at the time he wrote. The burden of Mercator's song seems principally le- velled at the late Commissioner of Enquiry, at which we are not a little astonished, considering the professions of good will that this writer had previously made, and more especially since, to the friends and supporters of Mr. BIGGE ; indeed, the very friends of that Gentleman happen to be the friends of Mercator at the present day ! In the first place, the Public must bear in mind that this epistle is dated the 18th January last ; and upon looking at the first paragraph, we see an allegation which goes to state " that the Colonists were desponding," that " crying mischiefs, moral awl political, had been forced upon the Country by tl* prevailing system of misrule, &c.; &c.;" In °tbe Tery onset, therefore, of Mercatort it is " quite clear that his representations were most un- founded, since that " despondency," of which he sneaks, lasted only whilst the dollar question was in agitation, and it is universally admitted, within the last Jvery few weeks, that that which was considered ' in 1822 likely to be an evil, turned out m 1825 to ' be one of those temporary evils, out of which su _ perlative advantage arisen to the Country. As for the " prevailing system of misrule," the late Publie Addresses, from all ranks of the Community < to Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, most flatly contradict j K§o inconsistent a charge. " The second paragraph is equally inaccurate with its precursor, inasmuch as " the Governor did not acknowledge that the burden of the highly inju . dicious and odious duties, which he had imposed at the recommendation of Mr. Commissioner BIGGE, tended to sink the revenue to annihilation.*1 The ,\ Proclamation did not by any means charge the i< Commissioner with originating the abolished and ' odious duties," but merely said, that " expe mce proved the revenue was sunk by the burden. of these imposition»;" and, as soon as the Gover- nor was convinced of the fact, the alleged evil was removed. So,much for " the system of misrule !'» The third paragraph unequivocally accuses the late Commissioner of Enquiry with a want of can- dour and impartiality, and a shallowuess of com- prehension. In reference to the " Commissioner's Report" being *' uncandid," we have nothing to urge ;-as to its " partiality," we are quite satis- fied he might have been more impartial, which the Honorable Gentleman himself confesses, in the apology with which he winds up the second part of his Report ; and so far as Mr. BIGGE is impeached by Mercator with having sent forth a " shallow compilation," we must do him the justice to say, that, in our opinion, there is a profundity of re- flection which is calculated more to astonish the people, than to impart satisfaction ; for, had the Commissioner felt it his duty nobly to forego those petty enquiries and personalities, which detract from the dignity of his Report, the same I would have met with universal admiration, instead \ of general dislike. The Report, however, notwith- j standing all its real and imaginary blemishes, has i been of service to the Country, though several respectable individuals have more or less suffered from the personalities mixed up in the elaborute production ; yet it must be admitted, that Mr. BIGGE has unconsciously benefited the Country, by attracting to our interests that attention, which otherwise might have slumbered for another 20 or 50 years. The conclusion of the third, and the commence- ment of the fourth paragraphs, impugn the inde- fatigable and independent Colonial Secretary of this Colony, willi being inimical io the prosperity of the Country. Now, if it were even true, for the Siike of argument, that the Colonial Secretary " swayed the local measures," yet it would be impossible to prove that any " system of misrule" has been in adoption under a Gentleman for whom the Colonists entertain no ordinary degree of regard ; but upon the contrary, so far from being dissatisfied with the present Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, he is universally esteemed by the ColonisU, as one of the most independent, upright, and con- sistent public characters, with which Australia has yet been honoured ; and we have no doubt, had he only been the twisting and twirling character Mercator has proved himself to be, he would not have experienced that encomiastic regard, which it will be no more than his right to take with him, in his retirement from a Colony, after a faithful, labo- rious, and painful servitude of five years, in behalf of his King and Country. Mr. Bigge may have " brought from Trinidad prejudices against the East ;" but w* are inclined to abnegate that he was M a credulous dupe" to " designing knaves,^' for they did not so " monopolize his attention," as to shut his eyes against those " schemes" which they had in view ; but the misfortune was, that Mr. j Bigge suffered his mitid to be unduly prejudiced against a class of raen, that were every way worthy his consideration, iii preference to those more exalted characters whom he well knew, from his intimate acquaintance with men and things, to be nothing more nor less than " designing knaves" and this was the rock upon which Mr. Bigge split, since we are bound to believe he had the good of the Colony at heart, though unfortunately he went the wrong way to accomplish his purpose. Still we are firmly of opinion, that Mr. Bigge had no sinister prediliction in favour of the West India Islands, to the prejudice of the East Indies, in which assertion every rational mind will bear us out, when it is considered that the West Indians could scarcely, if at all, be advantaged by the insignificant supplies of spirits, which Australia would require from their snores, and no other mind, save Mer- cator's would have ever conceived so ridiculous a project. The temptations to smuggle, previously to the last Proclamation issued relative to the duties, were almost uncontrolled, bul to say that it origi- nated with the Commissioner, is altogether mon- strous, for we are aware that numbers in the Colony, and particularly some not many miles from the capital, who live convenient to rivers, were accus- tomed to smuggle before the Commissioner was heard of ; and it is to that abominable crime, and setting up people in retail shops, that many of them owe their present wealth, and first-rate respectability ! Is not this a fact Mercator? In coming to the fifth paragraph, it must be ad- mitted that we have never been able, satisfactorily, to get at the point why 50 per cent, should have been exacted on Bengal rum, over West India spirits ; but unless Mercator can shew us, that the profits of the «40,000 gallons of rum annually,' which lie states it was the object of the Commissioner to get exported to this Country from the West Indies, was to go into Mr. Bigge's own nocket, or become absorbed in the purse of " his connexions," no one can believe that so paltry an object could possibly weigh with him. Besides, it is within our recol- lection, that it was very improbable Mr. Bigge could have contemplated that the West Indian " manufacturers might have a profit of £10,000," when he was aware that Colonial distillation, which would have a tendency to keep out all foreign spirits from the market, was about to be commenced in the Colony, for Governor Macquarie published the first Proclamation, allowing distillation, prior to Mr. Bigge's departure from the Country. There- fore, all the elaborate calculations of Mercator on this occasion at least, must fall to the ground. We approve of those strictures which apply to the former " intercourse being encouraged" betwixt Hindostán and New South Wales, but it is very clear, if Mr. Bigge is censured for being a West Indian, that we shall not be tar out oi our reckon- ing in designating Mercator of the East Indian race, for the conclusion of his fourth paragraph savours strongly of that clime, when he is pleased to talk of the effects of their " principle and libe- rality, mingling in succession amongst a commnuity not overstocked with virtue." It is not our wish io make invidious comparisons, but we must in- dulge in the pleusing reflection that, if Mr. Bigge's principal fault was that of being a West Indian, it was a species of offence of which he had ample reason to boast. The " principles and liberality" of the West Indians, are too proverbial for us* to comment upon, and we consider it somewhat a matter of misfortune, that the West Indies are'so remote from this Country, otherwise that "prin- ciple and liberality," which are the pride and joy of every West Indian and every British heart, would more predominate' amongst all our orders, than that " principle and liberality," which we have seen developed by our neighbours in the East. How- ever anxious we may be for the re-establishment of our intercourse with Hindostán, we shall never cometo .the conclusion« that our " Community is overstocked with virtue," either by accessions of number or of wealth from those shores, because we have hitherto, in numberless instances, with some few exceptions, experienced, that «* VIRTUE" has not been one of the rxportable commodities of Hindostán ; whilst, in Australia, they have beheld that modest and dignified virtue, which are all their " principles and liberality" were unable to conquer. The sixth paragraph is impregnated with a great variety of absurdities the most striking. It com- mences with a reference to the Proclamation to which allusion has already been made; and it is stated by Mercator, upon what authority we have yet to learn, " that au unjust bias, illiberal preju- dice, and disregard of the true interests of this Colony, prevail over our Councils," and it is hoped that the "efforts of a Free Press" (a knock-down blow this to the " system of misrule !") would bring about a "rebel." The castigation with which Mr. BIGGE W.IS honoured in " the strictures of the 16th December ¡ust," we shall not here re- ply to, having done that most effectually in our Journal of the 23d December last, to which we request a reference by those who may wish to ascer- tain our sentiments on that occasion. If Mercator speak the truth, weare certainly of opinion that all the alleged faults of the late Commissioner of En- quiry should be blotted out from the Australian records, inasmuch as Mr. Bigge is given credit for having " named to the Colonial Council the Chief Ju9lice," and that it was by the West India Ascendent that Chief Justice FORBES rame to New South Wales !" Should you be correct, Mercator^ we beg that you will be so obliging, in vour next communication to the ¡Scotsman in the East, ¡is lo communicate the fact, that the Colonists of Austra- lia will consider themselves eternally under an obli- gation to Mr. Commissioner BIGGE, for having been instrumental of bestowing to thom such a Judge as they never wish to lose ; and mind, good Mercator, this does not escape you iii the midst of yotii very profound calculations ! ! In that part the Colonial Secretary is mentioned as a " pro- prietor or agent," there is evidently obscurity, arising probably from typographical haste. The " Chief Surgeon," and the " Surveyor General," of course are not allowed toesc.ipethe penetration of this sage Correspondrai of the East. With res- pect to the first-named ¡Vlember of the Colonial Go- vernment, we should be inclined to suppose, that he could not be the consignee of any mercantile house whatever, but we will not venture flatly to contra- dict Mercator until we hav,í authority to that effect ; and in reference io t)ie second Public Of- ficer, surely Mercator must entena in strange no tious io imagine íhat ii is a high crime for one Gentleman to entertain warm friendship for ano- ther. As to the " Commissioner not being able to claim the originality" of his Report, we think it is just as feasible as that a man should be unable to "father" his own offspring. Whether Mr. BIGGE " is the industrious enemy of New South Wales," may be doubted with .some shew of reason, because he is not now in England-he is employed abroad in other arduous Enquiries, and he cannot be in- terested in a Country from which he is cut off, and altogether abstracted-aud we think it very impro- bable that that Gentleman would trouble himself about a part of the globe, in which he no doubt feels assured he is generally disliked. Mercatort in winding up his correspondence, has bren pleased to honour us with his notice, by presenting the Hiudoslanees with " a scrap from the Oracle of the Commissioner," which title is affixed to the Sydney Gazette. In explanation, perhaps, it is only necessary to say, that we have measured our steps, in reference lo Mr. BIGGE, with our wonted impartiality, invariably giving bim credit for those mensures which we thought praise- worthy, and condemning that line of policy which we conceived, and stilldo think, objectionable in Mr. BIGGE ; and had it not been for the extreme se- verity with which that Gentleman had been treated in the public prints, we should never have ventured to interfere with his name, and we only step for- ward on the present occasion to save him from fur- ther obloquy. But Mercator, and all his new associates, are at liberty to abu-e us, only it seems rather odd that Mercator should so conveniently and suddenly change with the times. This is con- sistency with a vengeance ! We still retain the same opinion which we enter- tained when we wrote the article from which the " scrap" is taken ; and we yet must think «« long enough has the East India Company drained our purse," so far only, however, as regarded the im- portation into our Colonies of Bengal ruin, for which we could not see any necessity, when our own distillation was commencing, and is going on in a spirited way. So much for Mercator. THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.---From un- doubted authority, we have just ascertained that that highly respected and much valued Public Offi- cer, Mr. BALCOMBE, has forwarded his resignation to Mr. BERRY, the Secretary of this Institution. The only reason that Mr. Balcombe assigns for de- priving the Society of his powerful influence is, a " recent event." That this "event" must be ex- tremely painful to beget so decided a step, we are constrained to admit, and from what the numerous Members of the Agricultural Society know of Mr. Balcombe, and his amiable and interesting family, we are certain they will fully sympathize with him in the cause which has led to so disagreeable an " event ;" since we feel assured, that the whole body of the Colonists, from certain reports which have been flitting about, will feel profound regret that Mr Balcombe should be obliged to forego fur- ther connexion, with one of the most respectable and weighty Bodies in New South Wales. If Mr. Balcombe were only a private individual in our So- ciety, he might be indifferent to our regard, but we esteem him as one of the Members of the Colonial Government, of high rank, and unsullied honour, and it is the knowledge of such facts that renders it imperative on us, as we stand connected with the Society, and also with the Public, to notice a resig- nation which, at least, we fervently hope, will be enquired into ; it being our opinion, that so effi- cient a Member should not be lost to the Agricul- tural Society, unless upon good grounds. The Law Report in our present columns is not only lengthy, but is also of a novel complexion. It would seem that the King's Visitor complains of contumacy, on the part of a certain Reverend Gen- tleman that has charge of a very important Public Institution; namely, the Female Orphan School. From what passes current on this subject in the Colony, and from the circumstances that came out on Wednesday, it appears that the complaint origi- nated in consequence of the absence of the Rev. Gentleman (the Master), and of his wife (the Matron of the Institution), both at the same time, on a certain' afternoon. The King's Visitor, per- chance, called in at the school, which is situate on the banks of the Parramatta River, at the identical juncture when the absence complained of occurred. The King's Visitor was, as might be supposed, not at all gratified in making such a discovery, because the Institution, which is one exclusively for girls, must ever be considered too important to be left alone. The King's Visitor, therefore, communi nicated with the Reverend Gentleman, either directly or indirectly, expressing his surprise in finding neither the Matron nor the Master present ; in reply to which a letter was forwarded that formed the basis of the complaint, and originated those proceedings which are quite new to us in Australia. As regards the individual or individuals interested, we think it a matter of non- importance ; but, taken in a public point of view, it requires to be looked at seriously, and tends to shew the becoming anxiety with which the King's Visitor wishes to discharge the responsibility of his office ; and if the Master or Matron were incapable of affording prompt satis- faction for their absence at the same time-if it actually be necessary that they should be continually on the spot, and have no one in whom confidence could be placed for an hour or two-then they should most unquestionably be constrained to shift their quarters forthwith, since the female virtue of these rising Colonies is too estimable to be trifled with. Rumour however says, that the Matron accompanied one or two of the females of the In- stitution on the said afternoon, in order that they might lay out their little earnings at the shops in the town of Parramatta, in a way that would be useful-leaving the Master at home. The Matron had scarcely been gone three quarters of an hour, before the husband, who had been in excruciating agony the whole day from the effects of the tooth- ache, was obliged from excessive torture to make the best of his way into town, for the purpose of getting the offensive tooth extracted ; the Reverend Gentleman taking the precaution, however, to leave the Institution in charge of a confidential and tried female domestic-that is a kind of housekeeper. It was at this crisis that the Institution was honoured with one of the customary calls of the King's Visitor. So far as report goes, this comprises the whole marrow of the case ; but should there be any thing more serious, it will doubtless be elicited during the proceedings. It is said, in the first place, that the Commission of the King's Visitor is disputed ; and, secondly, supposing him to possess such a Commission, his authority or influence over public Institutions, of this kind, is thought to be questionable; and should it so happen that these points turn in favour of the King's Visitor, it will not only go to shew that he has power over the Female Orphan Institution, but that the authority of the King's Visitor extends over all the other schools in the Colony, which latter circumstance alone renders the point at issue of some impor- tance. But we would urge, if the King's Visitor possessed all the powers of a King's Visitor in the Mother Country, yet that he he is not imested with the power of acting arbitrarily by being judge in his own cause, and of dismissing the Master or Matron of an Institution without the wilful infrac- tion of some positive rule, and all Institutions should have their rules set forth for their guidance. The King's Visitor, if armed with power to superin- tend, correct, organize, or re-model, certainly should be obeyed and properly respected ; and we hope, whichever way the case may terminate, that such an Officer will invariably meet with propor- tioned respect in the execution of his duties. We understand that the Master and Matron some time since tendered their resignation to Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, on account of indisposition and other causes, but His Excellency was pleased to express his high sense of the services which had been ren- dered to this particular Institution, within only the lapse of a few months, and therefore peremptorily refused to accept the resignation so tendered. His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR in CHIEF, accompanied by Major GOULBURN, the Colonial Secretary, inspected the female prisoners on board the Midas, on Thursday last ; after which they were sent to Parramatta by water. Mr. Panton, the Colonial Postmaster, will have several Deputies or Assistants placed under him almost immediately, since it is the intention of the Government to bring the New Post Office into ope- ration without delay, though there is much to ar- range before the complicated machinery can be brought to bear. We have been consulting with Mr. Panton on the propriety of at all opening packets, and with us he is inclined to think that it appears anomalous at first S'ght, and it might be attended with extreme inconvenience where persons live at a distance in the interior, who would object to the appointment of any one to allow their packets to be opened ; but, on the other hand, it is a diffi ! culty that may be easily obviated by persons in ! future sending their letters singly, and not enclosed 1 in packets, and packing up newspapers willi the : ends open. No one will be inclined to cavil at a , measure that is calculated to be of universal advan 1 tage, as it must tend not only to facilitate public I business, but also propel the advancement of j Australia. We take this public opportunity, there I fore, of requesting that all our Correspondents will, in future, be pleased to comply with our wishes on ; this head, which will not only save a good deal of ; trouble, but also evince their desire to assist us in ] supporting the measures of the Government. The passengers, by the Midas, beg us publicly to testify their grateful acknowledgments to Captain Baigrie, for his very gentlemanly and liberal con- duct during the arduous passage. They speak also in.the highest possible terms of the Surgeon Su- perintendent, Dr. Cameron. Captain Thompson, of the Pearl Fishery Com- pany, who is the Commodore of the Sir George Osborne and the Rolla, will sail as early as possible to prosecute the objects of his voyage. The pas- sengers that came by this old Australian Commo- dore, speak in good terms of his obliging conduct on board. The Sir George Osborne and the Rolla are two of the prettiest vessels that ever beautified our Cove. , Of all the barbarous amusements for which na tions are characterized in the present age, that of pugilism is certainly the most disgusting to a hu mane mind, and injurious to society. It is to be regretted that England, which is so justly cele brated for the cultivation of the noblest virtues, should be the hot-bed of its practisioners, and itsu people their patrons. The partiality of the ancient Romans for the contests of the gladiators, has been ever considered one of the foulest stains on their national character. If, then, all the superstition and looseness of heathen morality is considered as no palliation for their savage ferocity, what exte nuation can we find for a custom, equally abhorrent and degrading to human nature, practised injo a Country in which the principles of the Christian religion are so generally known ? It is not only inconsistent with the national character, but un worthy of the present advanced state of refinement. Yet, barbarous as the practice is, it it not without its advocates, who recommend it as essential in pre- serving the spirit of the people. This sagacious argument reminds us of an anecdote we have leen somewhere, of one of our modern men of honour, who, conceiving he had received an affront from a gallant son of Neptune, sent him a challenge in the heat of his anger, and sat up all night musing on the necessity of vindicating his injured horionr, with a drawn sword in one hand, and a loaded pistol in the other, to prevent his valour, like that of Bob Acres, from oozing out at his finger ends! We have been led into these cursory remarks from having observed the announcement of an intended milling match, as it is technically or professionally termed, between an Irishman and one of the youths of this Colony. It is to be regretted that, at any time, the public prints should confer celebrity on such de moralizing practices, by noticing them at all ; but we confidently trust, that the accustomed activity of our worthy Superintendent of Police will be exerted to prevent a fracas of so odious a description, and thereby destroy the growth of an evil which would otherwise lead to the most baneful consequences. -oooooo By the arrival of the Colombia several Rio or Brasilia« Gazettes hnve nmved. One of the latest of these contain« the Treaty of Peace which wag ratified, on the 281 h of Au- gust Inst, between King JOHN, of Portugal, and Don Pcoao, his Son, tie Emperor of the Brazil». The Father acknow- ledge! the Brazils to b« an independent Empire, and accedes to Don PEDRO quietly enjoying ihe tille of HU Imperial Ma- jesty, whilst the latter is willing that the former 11101114 rrw tain the title of " Most Faithful," us heretofore. This ¡ni. portant political movement has been effected through the all« Îowerful mediation of Oui Beloved MONAICH, GBOBQI TSI 'OUBTH ! The Hibernia, steam packet, had arrirrd at Bio from Li- verpool-the fiist of the kind. Captain Day, of the brig Wellington, in his late cruise to Macquarie Island, fell in with a reef io lal 54° S. long. 158° 58* E. extending about 90 miles N. E. and S. W. This discovery will prove valuable, at least, to our Colonial navy. We understand that the half-yearly examination of Mr. M'Leod's pupils took place on Thursday last when the silver medal was awarded to Master Ro- bert Whitaker, and silver pencil cases to Master Charles Berry Cameron, Master Ewen Cameron, and to Master John Stubbs, who had formerly re- ceived a medal. It has beeu somewhat sedulously propagated about Town, that a certain Gentleman of inns m the Country, only of late importation, introduced with him 40 or 50,000 rupees, which he shortly after exchanged for dollars! We beg leave to contradict this report, so far as regards the consoli- dation of the rupee into dollars, This.Genttemu consulted with a friend upon the subject* and be was given to understand that the rupee««* 5 per cent, less in value than the dollar; whereupon juW disposed of all his rupee-specie as bullion. < ~-00000000 History records of the Scotch martyr Maccuil, who gave up the ghost under the hands,of the tor- turer, that he seemed to die in an ecstasy of joy. " Farewell, sun, moon, and stars ! Farewell, world and time ! Farewell, weak and frail body ! Wel- come, eternity! Welcome, Saviour of the world, and welcome God, the Judge of all." "Such," says the historian, " were his last words ; and these animated speeches he uttered with an accent and manner, which struck all the bye-standers with astonishment." And now, compared with this, what are all the boasted dying feelings, and the dying words of our heroes, our worldly minded am I bilious admirals, generals, princes, and kings, who ; lived and died in the work of slaughtering man- kind ? The greater part of them hare died as the fool dieth, without knowledge, or hope, or fame. Their perishing fame, and the vanishing things of earth, occupied their turbulent ambitious spirits to the last, while God, and heaven, and saints, and angels, and Glmst, were far from their thoughts and desires. Give me, 0 my heavenly Father, thy martyr's faith and feelings when I die, and then shall I depart more happy and more honourable, than ever any worldly hero did, or ever can do. Cottage Mag. No. 160-April 1825. 