h *...A »...* \\...t X.i British Extracts. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. -0000000 - HOUSE OF LOUDS.-Friday, Junb 3. \- -ooooooo UNITARIAN MARRIAGE BILL. The-Marquis of Lansdown said, that he bud to propose the second reading of a bill, which had been last Session thrown out of that House, hut which had been a second time sent up bj the Cumiiioiii, and that with scarce any alteration. The simple question would be, whether it was necestarv to main- tain the present marriage regulations, us regarded members of the Unitarian Church, and if not absolutely necessary, to cease to enforce a ceremony in a particular form which was at variance with the religious belief of so large,a portion of the . . , \ I .' l-l' 1 "».'.' . community. The only alteration between the bills of this and of last Session,-wns, that, in the former the registry wa« left unaffected, bul iii this the registry.was io'be planed in the hands of' the Clergy of the persons Who'were petitioning for the bill. He therefor« trusted their Lordships would suffer the bill to go ¡Moa Committee. ' The Archbishop of Canterbiirv approved of the hill, which he deemed calculated to give relief as well to the Minister's of the Established Church us to the Unitarians. He should therefore vote for the second reading of the hill, reserving to himself the.right of disdustiif tbe severn! cluu«es in the Committee. * The Bishop of Bath and Wells objected te the principle of the bill. He could not conceive how Unitarians could ob- ject to the marriage ceremony o the Church of England. He was called upon to make no other declaration than that he wedded in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, which words he made use of in his own form of prayer. The benediction of the Clergyman was given in the same words, and surely if the Unitarian did not profit by the benediction, he was at all events none the worse for it. If such a privilege should he granted to the Unitarians, a similar privilege should be granted to every other dissenting Sect of the community. The Unitarians were not a sect to be looked upon with n favourable eye. Their doctrines laid an axe to the root of the tree, and should be regarded with jealousy. He .should therefore move that it be read a second time this day three months. . The Bishop of Litchfield entertained as serious an hostility a« any of his brethren to the doctrines of the Unitarians, but he could not agree that those doctrines should affect their right as citizens of the empire. He was as solicitous for the character and interests of the Church of England its any one, but he conceived that that character and those interests would be best consulted by refraining from compelling sectarians to join in the most serions ceremonies of the Church. He ' was a friend to toleration, und lie could see no mischief likely to arise fronr its exercise in this instance. Under these im Sressions of the expediency of the measure, he should give is support to the bill. , .The Lord Chancellor co.iiId nor gita his consent to the second rending of the bill, {le'wished to ask. in the first instance, what ttns flu? mca'uiñg of the wont Unitarian ? Weis it not a person who denied tue divinity of our Saviour ? The noble lord then read the extract of an Act of William and Mary, which stated, that, persons with such doctrines, should possess neither place nor office under the Government, and should sutler three years imprisonment, without bailer inuiiiprizc. The Act of Toleration exempted persons from the latter punishment. By the same Act, a second offence was punishable even by death. This Act was repealed by the Act of Toleration. In a conversation with the lion. grut, who brought in the hill in the other House, it «as understood that the bill was not to affect the common law. The common law, therefore, regarded the persons holding such doctrines as criminals, and that should be altered before their lordship« were called upon to sanction such a bill. He should he glad lo know why the Roman Catholics should not be permitted to murry without entering the English Church, if this lu vonr was to be granted to the Unitarians. He thought the Unita- rians were establishing and furthering- the mischief-of dis- belief, to an extent to which he could see no termination. Upon these grounds, he could not, us an individual, give his consent to the bill. The Earl of Liverpool differed with considerable pain from his noble friend on the woolsack, and could not suffer the question to go to a division, without giving his reasons for supporting the bill. By the general understanding of the word, it was conceded that marriages were legal if in con- formity to the religious opinions of the parties married. Mar riages amongst the Jews were legal, although the opposers of Christianity, and the crucifiers of its Founder. If a mem- ber of the Church of England went to France, or to Scotland, and theie married according to the Catholic or the Presby- terian form?., that marriage would he held lethal, and oti¿¡ht tit be ; because, according to the doctrines of the Bible, every facility should be afforded, and every eu.tourarement given to the marriage ceremony. He could not see why the Church should look with any jealousy on the marriage of parties elsewhr e, who disbelieved in the ceremonies as well us in the doctrines of the Established Church. The Bishop of Chester thought the scruples of the Uni tarians should he held as valid, if they really disbelieved the fundamental doctrines of the Church of England. He thought their Lordships had no right to call in question the sincerity of the scruples of the Unitarians; there were others who might feel repugnant to the marriage cere- mony of the Church of England, and those peisons he would wish to sec included in u similar bill. Although favourable to the bill, yet he felt compelled lo oppose its adoption, this Session, hrcausc it did not oner any sufficient securities, in its present shape, against clandestine' marriages. He also thought that the Bishops of the Church of England should not he compelled to license the churches of those who were endeavouring to stipulant its doctrines. To. wuil another Session could be no great hardship, moreover, when such a delay would give time lo shrjpe.tjioslHll so a* to obviate all opposition. He thought they should propose a, bill to place them on a similar fooling with the Quakers, subject to the interference of the Senate, hut not through the medium of the Established Church, the Clergy of which would sutler iiunuuy insluucoi the most painful'humiliation. Lord Redesdale said, that, as the Unitarians were not Christinus, they ought rather to be put on a footing with.the Jews than the Quakers. Lord Calthorpe should gi»e hi.« vole for the second reading of the hill, with a view to the security und r«'al welfare of the Established Church, which must at last uphold itself by the spirit which pertaded ¡ts clergy, and by the liberality of their institutions. Their Loi (¡ships then divided, when their appeared, for the second reading- Contents, 32 ;- -Proxies, l'¿-44 Non Content*, 31;--Pioxies, l8- 49.-Mnjoiity b, against the bill.-Adjourned. HOUSE OF COMMONS.-Mon da v, May 30. SWPPl.V. On the motion of Mr. Goulburn, the House went into n Committee of Supplv.--.The following sums were voted-. £6,(HH) for the Protestant schools in Ireland; £-2,000 for the education of the poor; £10,000 for the Foundling Hospital of Dublin: and £45,000 for Public Works in Iieluud. The drant to the Duchess of Kent, for herdaughter was then agreed to. Upon the motion l.»r asimilar sum to the Duke of Cumber, land, for the education of the young Prince, Mr. Hume said, that he would propose that the vote should be negatived altogether. Upou reference to foi mit precedents he found thal 110 such advances were mude until th<> children had attained a considerably greater age than those tu w limn his Majesty's present Message alluded.. The Chancellor of the Exchequer* said, that if -he House had increased the income of the Duke of Cumberland on his marriage, as it had done the incomes of the other Princes of the Blood, there would he a want of reason in then coming forward to ask a sum for the education of his son. It was the unequivocal undei standing of the House, as he (the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer) thought, that the young Prince should be educated in England, and he had no objection that any words should be introdúded into the bill which could secure that adjustment to the.country. Dr. Lushington moved that the words "to the Duke of Cumberland" be omitted, and that the words " in England" be added to the resolution. , Mr. Cieevy could neither agree to the original vote, nor to the amendment. He thought it nu attempt to raise money ou false pretences. It was au outrage on the) House. Was such a thin«- ever heard of ns £(¿,000 per annum for the education of a child? ' It was a mere pretence for increasing the income of the Duke of Cumberland. 1 ' Mr. Cripps professed himself friendly, tit Ihe amendment. 31\. II. Gurney thought that the House had no right to inter- fere with a father iii the education of his child, and tlierefure should rote for the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr. Peel »aid, that with regard to. rlrie companion which had been made between the income of lb;e Duke of Cumber, land and that of the Duchess of Kent, he bud to observe, that the latter was a widow, and could not be supposed to require such a sum to deep up her rank as might he required by the. I Duke of Cumberland. Ile bud no objection that the guaran- tee should be introduced into the bill, that the education should take place iii Enghind-but he was most anxious that | uo stop might be taken by the House which might hereafter j cause the child to form the opinion that his father was un. worthy of ililli. Mr. Brougham felt an objection to the vote altogether, and he wished the House was better informed us to former precedents upon the subject, for it appeared to him exceed ingly dangerous, that every child of every member of the ltoyal Family should be presented at' a certain age with 6,0001. per annum. He thought that the House had no right to interfere with a father in the education of his child unless indeed where they paid the expenses. (A laugh ) He had uo doubt but that the Duke of Cumberland knew of the present application, and that he consented to it ; aud he was equally certain that the Duchess of Kent did not cou- sent ; but that she was obliged to give way, because the Duke wanted 6,0001. per annum. He was 'therefore fully prepared to vote aguinst the grant for the Duke of Cumber- land in tola. Mr. Canning said, the vote was solely for the education of the child, in which the country had an interest, and not for an increase of the income of the Royal Duke. Sir F. Burdett said, he could not conceive how it was pos. sible that 6,0001. a year could be spent: in the education of a child of six years of age. If the House did come to the con elusion that this expenditure wai for the advantage of the public, they ought at least to be assured that the money wus I expended in the way they intended, aisd in no other way. I. Mr. Brougham suggested that'his han. friend should with. draw the arasmiment proposed, *nA talc* lim teni« of the House on Ihf original lesnlntjon. i , ' , After m few words fruin fir. Lushington anti Mr. Canning, ihr Hon«« divided, when lhere appeared-For the original resolution« 140; Against ¡t, 97-Majority in favour of ihc re- solution, S3.-Adjourned. SW.ARIKS OP THB JODObS. The Chancellor of the Ia chequer moved the Committee« the Judg < « Salarie» hill, 'I he right lum. gent, staled, I hut < the It+pnit he should more a i eduction ol the salary of ihc Puisne Judges to£ft,500o-year. On the subject ol'the »elired allowniice, he should move £3,100 u-ycar to the Puisne Judges ; 1 and £3,000 lo the Vice-Chancellor, who tit present held no retired ullowonce at all. The same to the Lord Chief Baron, and Mnstci of the Roll*, and £4.000 to each of the Chief Jus. tices. The fees to be suppressed were lo be transferred to the Consolidated Fund. He altó iiieHiit to propose an alteration in the Writs of Error. The right hon, gent, then moved an ad- dition of £000 a-year to the ret ii ed allowance of the Puisne Judges. _ < Mi. J. Williams thought thal professional men should be called to the bench in the prime of life. The first thing to be done uns In get a good Judge, afterwards to get lum at a pro- per time off the bench. Ile should move that £900 be taken from the sunny to add to the reined allowance ; which in that case would be £3,500. Mr. Denman concurred iii the amendment. Mi. Peel said, that the retired allowance of some of the Chief Officers of the Crown, was not equal to that of the Puisne Judge«. Mi. J. Williams thought, that part of the business of the Kinn's Bench might be transferred to the Common Pleas und the Court of Exchequer. The Chief Justice of the Common Pirns had expressed hiimeIf highly satisfied with the provisions of the bill. * Dr. Lushington lind tern examples ¡of Judges continuing on the Bench, when they weic no longer competent to dis cjioige their function. It wa« on that account desirable, that ft high retiring sal&ly; should be given. Ile was also leady to inciense the letirirtg suliiry of the Heads of Courts. ¡ The Attorney General would recommend to his ii'ht han. friend to accede to the amendment. " 1 he Amendment was then agreed to. i'3,750 was then moved, as the letired allowance of the M ister of the Rolls, the Vice.Chnucellor, mut the Chief Baron of the Exchequer. In answer to a question norn Mr. Hume, Mr. Peel said, that the Allister of the Rolls wa* not entitled to his retired allow- ance until he lind sei ved 15 yeais. The retiri'ig salary of 4,0(101 per annum wis then ngreed to foi the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench. Mi Hume wished to know if it was intended that in fuluie nil offices iii the Courts of Law should be perfoi med in person. The Chancellor of the Exchequer replied, that ¡is fast as the sinrniiisis in the Courts of Law died off, tin* offices weie so far reformed as that personal attendance n reame necescniy mid hencefoilh all unnecessary ones shuiild not be re-filled The offices being patent, they had no power of depriving the, pr< sent pnss< ssors of I hem. The hill for the Grant to the Duchess of Kent was then read a second lime. Upon the motion foi the second reading of the bill for the Grant In the Duke of Cumberland, the House divided, when there appealed--For the Grant, 5° ; against il4 48-Ma- jority 11. The Grant of 2,0001. to Mr. M'Adam was agreed to. Adjourned. -O0000O A letter from Canton, dated October 25, says, " Every thing here is going on quietly with the Chi-, nese, the Linton question having been eutirely set at rest by the Chinese themselves having given up every poiut. By the arrival of the direct ships from England, Mr. Urmstou, the chief of the British Factory, received accounts of his Majesty having been graciously pleased to confer on hint the honour of Knighthood by patent, for his conduct during the long and anxious discussion in which he was engaged with the Chinese authorities relative to the affair of the Topaze frigate at Lintin." In Buenos Ajres horses are so plentiful, that beggars make their rounds, asking aims, on horse- back, and do not consider that position as diminish« ingin any degree their claims to sympathy. 4Si%4^sJb ip^^^^h jpn% jffïts/Wïs^fltifcAttKA^ASj^^sik^M^^i^ ^^ 