MISCELLANEOUS. PROFESSOR OF SIGNS.—King James VI. on removing to London, was waited upon by the Spanish Ambassador, a man of erudition, but who had a crotchet in his head that every country should have a Professor of Signs, to teach him and the like of him to understand one another. The Ambassador was lamenting one day, before the King, this great disideratum throughout all Europe, when the King, who was a queerish sort of man, says to him— 'Why, I have a Professor of Signs in the northernmost college in my dominions, viz. at Aberdeen ; but it is a great way off, perhaps 600 miles." — " Were it 10,000 leagues off I shall see him, says the Ambassador, ' and am determined to set out in two or three days.' The King saw he had committed himself, and writes, or causes to be written, to the University of Aberdeen, (stating the case, and desiring the Pro- fessors to put him off home way, or make the best of him. The Ambassador arrives, is received with great solemnity ; but soon began to enquire which of them had the honor to be Professor of Signs ? and being told that the Professor was absent in ttie Highlands, and would not return nobody could say when, says the Ambassador, " I will wait his return, though it were twelve months.' Seeing that this would not do, and that they had to entertain him a- a great expence all the while, they contrived a stratagem. There was one Geordy, a butcher, blind of an eye, a droll fellow, with much wit and roguery about him. He is got, told the story, and instructed to be a Pro- fessor of Signs ; but not to speak on pain of death ! Geordy undertakes it. The Ambassador is now told that the Pro- fessor of Signs would be at home the next day, at which he rejoiced greatly. Geordy is gowned, wigged, and placed in a chair of state in a room of the col- lege, all the Professors and the Ambas- sador being in an adjoining room. The Ambassador is now shown into Geordy's room, and left to converse with him as well as he could, the whole Professors waiting the issue with fear and trembling. The Ambassador holds up one of his fingers to Geordy ; — Geordy holds up two of his. The Ambassador holds up three; — Geordy clenches his fist, and looks stern. The Ambassador then takes an orange from his pocket, and holds it up ; — Geordy takes a piece of barley cake from his pocket and holds that up. After which the Ambassador bows to him, and retires to the other Professors, who anxiously enquired his opinion of their brother. ' He is a PERFECT MIRACLE,' says the Ambassador ; 'I would not give him for the wealth of the Indies.' ? " Well," say the Professors, " to descend to particulars."- " Why," said the Ambassador, ' I first held up one finger, denoting that there is one God ; he held up two, signifying that these are the Father and Son. I held up three, meaning the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; — he then clenched his fist, to say that these three are one. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives his creatures not only the necessaries, but the luxuries of life; upon which the wonderful man presented a piece of bread, showing that it was the staff of life, and preferable to every luxury.' The Professors were glad that matters had turned out so well ; so having got quit of the Ambassador, they next got Geordy, to hear his version of the signs. " Well, Geordy, how have you come on, and what do you think of yon man ?" " The rascal !' says Geordy, ' what did he do first, think ye ? He held up one finger, as much as to say, you have only one eye ! Then I held up two, meaning that my one eye was perhaps as good as both his. Then the fellow held up three of his fingers, to say that there, were but three eyes between us ; and then I was so mad at the scoun- drel, that I STEEKED MY NIEVE, and was to come a whack on the side of his head, and would ha' done it too, but for your sakes. Then the rascal did not stop with his provocation here; but forsooth takes out an orange, as much as to say, your poor beggarly cold country cannot produce that! I showed him a whang of a bear bannock, meaning that I did nae care a farthing for him, nor his trash neither, as lang's I hae this ! But, by a' that's guid (concluded Geordy) I'm angry yet that I didna' thrash the hide o' the scoundrel.'; — (So much for sigus, or two ways of telling a story). SPLENDID FETE AT BALLYGROOGAH. — Ballygroogagh House, the hospitable mansion of Timothy O' Mulligan, was lately graced by the most elegant festivi- ties, on the happy return of their eldest son from the North of Europe, where he had been incog, in the humble disguise of cook to a whaler. ' The principal entrance to the house was most handsomely decorated for the occasion ; on one side was seen a heap of manure, shaped like an ancient tumulus, and tastefully ornamented with hanging straws, &c; ; on the other side appeared a stagnant pool, whose smooth surface was gently moved by a duck and drake, who muddled through it with uncommon vivacity and spirit ; in perspective was seen a venerable turf-kish, around which a pair of old trowsers being- carelessly thrown, gave a light and graceful finish to the whole scene. ' About two o'clock, the approach of company was proclaimed by the distant clatter of wheel-cars ; this deep sound, mingled with the finer tones of cur-dogs barking, whipped children crying, &c.; produced a full and mellow volume of the most delightful harmony. The first arrival, was that of the dowager Mrs. Fluggins, an eminent accoucheuse ; she was soon followed bv the rest of the ex pected company, who speedily repaired to a grand rustic saloon, the walls of which were painted a-la-soot-drop. " Here rich and finely flavoured beve- rage was handed round in noble wooden vases, which the charming hostess, with a bewitching simplicity, denominated BROTH in NOGGINS. Dinner was shortly afterwards served up; a plateau was dispensed with, but its place was mostly supplied by a fine skate, cooked up in the Turkish fashion, with all its tails ; hear it a quarter of delicate veal, which, had breathed its last sigh after an exis- tence of five hours. On the central dish, was placed a male bird, which, during a life of nine years, had increased to such a size as to excite the admiration of the whole company. There were many other rarities, such as are seldom to be met with at the most sumptuous tables. 'After dinner, some original senti- ments and well-selected songs were given, a few of which are the following : — " Mr. O'Mulligan. - A speedy rise to the price of pigs.' ' Song — The night that I put the pig under the pot, ' Mr. O'Loughlin — 'A merry go round to the foot organ.' " Song — -The weary pound of tow. ' Mr. M'Dade— ' The weaver's harp sichord.' ' Song — A weaver boy shall be my dear.' ' When the pleasures of the festive board were concluded, preparations were made for dancing. The orchestra, as unique of the most simple beauty, was an inverted creel, on which a single minstrel sat, the interest of whose ap pearance was much heightened by the loss of his left eye. Mr. Patrick O'Mul- ligan, disliking the monotony of the waltz, and the vagaries of a quadrille, opened the ball by dancing a jig with Miss Judy Higgins : they were soon fol lowed by Master Charley M'Dade, who floated into a reel with Miss Nancy Fluggins. Dancing was kept up until a late hour, and the elegant revelers parted with mutual regret.' PORT DALRYMPLE, Printed and Published by George Terry Howe BY WHOM ALL ORDERS AND ADVERTISERS ARE RECEIVED. 