HOUSE OF COMMONS. The Speaker having read his Majesty's speech to the House — Lord F. L. Gower, the Mover of the Address, spoke to the following effect: — ''I rise, Sir, for the purpose of moving an Address to his Majesty, to.express to his Majesty the sense which this House entertains of the gracious speech which we have just heard. I believe, Sir, there are sometimes periods in a nation's career when the national prosperity is either raised so high, or depressed so low, that but one general sensation as to the real state of the country pervades every class of the community; when one uniform feeling springing up spontaneously, and arising from no process of rea- son or argument, exists in every bosom; when those who are uninitiated in the mysteries of government, or the details of administration, are conscious of the same great truths as those to whom the direction of our po- litical machinery is committed. At periods when any particular interest or any peculiar source of the wealth, prosperity, and power of the country is depressed be- low the level of others, it may be the duty of a mem- ber of this house to call its attention to such a parti- cular subject separately and distinctly; At the pre- sent moment, such is the general state of prosperity at which the country has arrived, that I feel in some measure at a loss how to proceed; whether to give precedence to our agriculture, which is the main sup- port of the country: to our manufactures, which have increased, and are increasing to a most unexampled extent, or to our commerce, which distributes them to the ends of the earth; which finds daily new outworks for their distribution, and new sources of national wealth and prosperity. The distress under which the country lately laboured has vanished from the face of it, and the too frequent concomitants of distress— ex- asperation and sedition— have happily disappeared. In speaking of the general prosperity of the country, I know of no local or geographical exception, if I may be allowed that expression. I know of no exception as to any particular district or province of the British dominions, whether in England, Wales, Scotland, or, I am happy to add, Ireland. Hon. gentlemen have been so used to the voice of lamentation whenever, the state of Ireland has been alluded to, that some may feel disposed to start at language more cheering and consolatory. I think, however, that the indications of improvement in that country fully bear out the lan- guage of his Majesty's speech. British enterprise is already beginning to exercise a salutary operation in that country, by giving increased energy and activity to those pursuits which tend to the improvement and civilization of mankind. British capital, the instru- ment of that enterprise, is already insinuating its sa- lutary juices into the exhausted veins of that country. Above all, that tranquillity, which is the only basis on which improvement can permanently rest, reigns in Ireland to a degree which is almost unparalleled in our recollection." &c.; &c.; &c.; Extract from Mr. Brougham's Speech on this occasion. "When we reflect on the general impression that the approach to a liberal policy has produced throughout every class of the British community; when we bear in mind how every step in that progress has been extolled, and its authors panegyrised, one is at a loss to discover the reasons why such principles have not been more equally extended; but, above all, it is astonishing that the conciliatory system should be denied, where interest, ho- nour, duty, gratitude, most imperatively command it. — (Hear, hear.) On what ground is it, I ask, that the liberal feeling which you have extended to distant, to foreign communities, are denied to Ireland?—(Cheers.) . To that ancient member of your dominions, for centuries united to this country by so many ties, is a liberal policy only to be excluded from that portion of the United Kingdom? Shall it be said, that having yielded per- chance from selfish policy, peradventure from views of commer- cial aggrandizement, to be liberal towards the people of the South American states, we hesitate— nay, refuse, to extend our policy on a question by which half our empire is affected? — (Hear, hear, hear.) Are we, in a word, prepared to say that we are ne- ver to render justice to the people of Ireland? I hope the day is passed forever when it shall be ventured to state in this house that the situation of that country is a question too delicate to be touched upon. No, no. There hare been already too many shades of distinction— too many conflicting opinions between the members of his Majesty's government, to allow such an evasion of duty to be longer countenanced. Why then is it, that after all such different distinctions have been yielded or conquered, that upon the affairs of Ireland such an evasion is to be listened to? a question admitted by common consent, on which there ne- ver should have been two opinions in an administration— (hear, hear,) and on which, unless there existed an undivided, distinct, and intelligible cabinet, the greatest responsibility that ever an adviser incurred, rested on the shoulders of the ministers. — (Cheers.) It was worse than idle to say that the condition of Ireland was the only question on which a cabinet might be divided. "There are many who may not approve of all the measures adopted by the Catholic Association in Ireland — of the rent for instance — but who may still be ready to adhere to the association with their lives. To attack, by Act of Parliament, an associa- tion thus representing the sentiments, wishes, and feelings of the people of Ireland, would be to attack the people of Ireland them- selves. And how are you to draw the line ? How can you put down that body, and not put down at the same time hundreda of bodies of similar construction? Subscriptions are raised by other bodies. They are raised by other than Catholics, and for other purposes than to prevent the circulation of the Bible. What is to become of the Bible Societies, the annual contribution of which is, I understand, ninety or a hundred thousand pounds; and which push their branches all over the realm? These socie- ties have enlisted under their banners many of the leaders of the great sects. They include many dignitaries of the church. At their head is a peer of the realm. One of the most active mem- bers of the Auxiliary Bible Societies is a Noble Lord with whom I have how so often the honour to act; I mean the Earl of Liver- pool— (a laugh;) not to mention another Noble Lord (Lord Bexley) who, however we formerly differed on questions of trade, would now, I suppose, bo ready to meet me at least half-way upon such questions. There are other associations which ought to be put down on the principle on which the catholic associa- tion is sought to be put down. Borne of them are of a much more pernicious character. How can those attack the catholic associa- tion who supported an association to which the Duke of Welling- ton was a subscriber — the Bridge-street association? "Oh, but," they will say, "that association merely prosecuted the writers of libels; they did not attempt to regain the rights of their countrymen. But is the latter a less laudable purpose than the former? Are they only to be punished who complain of the grievances they suffer? But, Sir, I mention these things merely to show the difficulty of legislating on the subject. I fear I shall have but too many occasions for being more diffuse res- pecting it. From the very first to the very last of the proposed proceedings — on the first reading of the projected bill — nay, on the production of the papers on which the motion for leave to bring in the bill will probably be founded. I for one will take my stand, and give to it every opposition which a man so indiffer- ently endowed for no great a task, as I am, can make, to what ap- pears to me to be an enormous mischief, bottomed on tho grossest injustice, pregnant with the most fatal consequences; and which, in my opinion, must lead, sooner or later, to the severance of the two kingdoms — (Hear, hear, hear!) Sir, it would at present be no difficult task to alienate the minds of the people of Ireland from this country. They were taught to look to the British Par- liament for support; that support has failed them. They were advised to look up to their representatives, but there again they found themselves deceived. There is not in this house any man who more laments the fact than I do; but so it is, that the peace of Ireland is secured by the catholic association, and the catholic association alone: — (Cries of hear, hear!) Ireland is at this moment tranquil; never were the laws of the land more regu- larly enforced, more cheerfully obeyed in that country than they are at present. It is true that some abuses of the administration of the laws are still complained of, yet such is the luxury of even an approach to an equal distribution of justice amongst these poor people, that they already rejoice and feel comparatively happy. But is.this feeling produced by the government of the country? I deny it; it would be to cloak the truth to make such an assertion — it it. produced by the exertions of the catholic as- sociation. — (Hear, hear.) The people of Ireland placed their trust in you. They found themselves disappointed. They threw themselves upon their former friends — those friends who had sup- ported and flattered them at a period when we were surrounded by war and by danger, and they found that the war being over, and the danger subsided, their friends looked to office and to power, and deserted them. — (Cheers from the opposition benches.) Having found this, I then ask, Sir, what resource had this body? They discovered that they had no hope from parliament; that they could not trust their friends; at least those leading friends who forsook them for office; what then, I ask, could they do, but throw themselves, upon those persons who continued to advo- cate their cause and support their interests? But his Majesty's ministers complain of this; and why? just because it is their own handy work — a piece of machinery of their own creation, and, therefore, they hate and abuse it. They say, and very na- turally, "this is our own work; we may thank ourselves for allow- ing this catholic association, this new power, to grow up but now that it has grown, we dread and would crush it." Let me ask, Sir, how can they do this? It has been well said by Swift, that nothing is more common in society than that men should first render themselves ridiculous by their actions, and turn round and feel angry because other men laughed at them. And, Sir, there is nothing more unreasonable, and yet more common than that bad rulers should create mischiefs, and afterwards turn round and find fault with, and feel enraged at those, who whilst they complained of the evil, pointed out the remedy.— (Cheers from the opposition benches.) But what is to be done? they tell us that the government must be kept in motion, while at the same time they vituperate and find fault with some of the mem- bers, who are connected with it, and the alarm of rebellion is spread abroad. Sir, I now mean to cast no reflections on any set of persons. I thank God that there never was a period when disaffection was less to be apprehended in Ireland than at present, and, in my opinion, there is only one way by which those unfor- tunate disturbances could be rekindled — namely, by taking any legal steps to put down the catholic association. — (Hear, hear, from both sides of the house.) If, Sir, you introduce such a measure as this, if you turn a deaf ear to the complaints and suf- ferings of that unhappy country, if you allow even the 12th hour to pass— if, I say, you will at once annihilate that body which your own negligence and misgovernment have allowed to grow up: you will give an additional proof of the impolicy of of your measures, and the want of attention to the interests and happiness of Ireland. — (Hear, hear.) This house as well as his Majesty's ministers must know, Sir, that the system now complained of has so grown up in Ireland; they must know the strength which it has attained, and the deep and solid act which it has taken; they may try to put it down by an act of parliament; and they may do so — in 24 hours they may do so; but if they do it, or attempt to do it, then I shall say that they are unworthy of the smallest portion of that praise which they have received, for the 'removal of even the most trifling restric- tions, which, in their liberal policy, they removed from our fo- reign comerce, and for the which no man is more ready to give them credit than myself. — (Hear.) I say you may put down the catholic association in 24 hours, but if you do, it is your own fault. You are conscious of the injuries you have inflicted on that body; you feel that you have denied to it even common justice, and now its ghost haunts you; and you feel uneasy and dissatisfied at the course you have taken, without arguing the firmness necessary to remedy the evil. — (Hear.) If, however, you really wish to put that body down, if you wish to annihilate it for ever, then, I say, let the Roman Catholics know that you are determined to carry the question of catholic emancipation; let them know that you are determined, though late, to do them justice, and there is at once an end to the catholic association.— (Hear, hear.) That you may be so wise, so just, as to do this, instead of waging a harsh and impolitic war against 6,000,000 Roman Catholics, is my most sincere wish (would I could say my most sanguine hope;) but I can say, that my wishes that it may be so, are as strong as my fears that it may not." 