CORONER'S INQUESTS. On Friday last an Inquest was held on the body of Sarah Newton. The deceased, who is a resident at Kissing-Point, it appeared, had attended the Sydney Market on Thursday last, and had been prevailed upon by some acquaintances to remain in town until a late hour in the day. About seven o'clock in the evening she went to the Market Wharf in order to procure a boat for the purpose of conveying her home. It is supposed, that owing to the darkness of the night, added to the circumstance of her having drank rather freely of spirits in the course of the, day, she approached too near the edge of the Wharf, and had accidentally fallen into the water. The deceased has left a hus- band and children to deplore her loss. The Jury returned a verdict, found drowned. Another Inquest was held on the same day on the body of Isaac Nicholls, who was found dead (evidently occasioned by a severe fall) in Cockle Bay, at an early hour on the same morning. The deceased, who was a man universally respected by his neighbours, is supposed to have missed his road upon the previous evening on returning home, and to have incautiously approached too near the edge of a precipice, down which he had fallen into a cavity nearly fifty feet in depth, and was killed. Verdict, accidental death. The ship John Munro, Capt. Green, is chartered by one of our first mercantile houses to the Isle of France and back with a cargo of sugar. Marshal Turenne one hot day was lolling out of the window with a white cap and waistcoat on. One of the under cooks coming behind him, and fancying that it was a fellow cook struck him a violent slap on his seat of honour. The Marshal instantly turned round, and the poor cook frightened out of his wits, fell on his marrow-bones, exclaiming, ''Oh! my Lord in- deed I thought it was George." "And suppose you did," re- plied the Marshal, rubbing himself, "you need not strike so d___d hard." A countryman going into the office of the commons where the wills are kept, and gazing on the shelves, asked ''if they were all bibles." No," replied a wag, "they are only testaments." A wag, who pretended to have seen a ghost who spoke to him, was asked what he said to him ? "why how should I understand what he said," was his reply—" for you know very well that I never studied the dead languages." An Irishman being asked the meaning of a "general illumi- nation," replied, " it was only to keep people in the dark." 