MISCELLANY, ORIGINAL AND SELECT. A steam vessel has been propelled on the Thames by means of four small steel chambers, six feet long, and five inches in diameter, instead of a boiler, and has answered the purpose extremely well. Carriages to be driven on the common road, on a similar principle, are in pro- gress. To so new and important an in- vention, combining economy with safety, and promising such great advantages to the Public, we wish every success. The Spring London fashions arrive just in season for Van Diemen’s Land. The performance of the Italian opera, at the small theatre in the Haymarket, and the concerts at the Argyle Rooms, where the powerful talents of Madame Catalani are displayed, draw together an elegant as- semblage of fashion. White increases every day in favour. These dresses are made of fine Indian muslin, with flounces richly embroidered, and a row of open work in satin stitch surmounting the up- per flounce; the corsage is made entirely of lace, ornamented with ethereal blue ribbon. A sapphire blue pelisse of levan- tine, is one of the newest out-door en- velopes. In the new Monthly Magazine for April, Mr. Thomas Campbell, in an article of sixteen pages, has discussed the ques- tion of the establishment of a university in London, with all the vigour and ele- gance for which he is so justly distin- guished. He has pointed out the advan- tages, and replied to the objections, with great force of reasoning. By this plan, young men may be classically and scien- tifically educated, at thirty pounds a year. When we call to mind the Muse- um, and Jardin des Plantes at Paris, so admirably modelled by Buffon, we cannot but highly approve of this scheme. On the 15th March, a bill was brought in by Mr. W. Horton, and read a first time, for the sale and improvement of waste lands in Upper Canada, by which the Colonial Ministers will be empowered to dispose of land there to certain indivi- duals, forming a company, who are to pay to Government £20,000 sterling, an- nually, for fifteen years. In the course of the debate, it appeared, that out of 39,000 emigrants to Upper Canada, only 100 families had been able to establish themselves. Mr. Hume took occasion to make a violent attack on Lord Ba- thurst, which we, in this Colony at least, know to be most unjust and unmerited on the part of his Lordship. We hope the Member for Aberdeen, that active reformer, will bestir himself, and take a speedy voyage, by some one of those newly invented steam vessels, in order to assist the present Editor, in his laborious and distressing exertions, to keep afloat the Colonial Times Journal, of indepen- dent principles. On the saine day, Colonel Trench ob. tained ieinw*, t>y a large majority, to bring in a bill to build a quay and lei mee, with a carnage wa), cm the north bank of the Th.iHi s. He maintained that the plan wa> mit oni^ol paramount importance, but of absolute necessity. The estimate ior a granite terrace, the whole length of the river, was ,£688,000, and persons were ready to contract for it at that sum* Mr. Croker, and Mi. Secretary Peel, thought it impiudent to raise a building, wben the current of i&ë^Thatûes Would be aiteied by ihe erection of die new' London bridge, in a manner that at pre« < seut baffled the wisest heads to calculate. Mr. Peel did not wish lo see a wall 27 ' ?feet in height, built upon the bank« of the Thames, o thai a person descending < any 01 ihe streets 111 the Strand, would ! lo^fk m vam tor that noble river, andftsee < nothing bul this wall. The fine view of < the river, from the Temple Gardens, would i be intercepted. i At Shrewsbury Assizes, on the 27th March, Miss Capper, aged 17, obtained £1000 damages from Mr. Orton, for breach of promise of marriage Mr. Campbell, for the defendant, said, his client was invited to a jovial party, and under the excitement of wine, seized the father by the hand, and said, “ My good fellow, will you allow me to address your, daughter; will you become my papa? ” The father communicated to his daughter, —“ My dear, what do you think? Mr. Orton has offered to marry you. ” She replied, “ Me, papa, dear me, I thought he came to see my uncle George, not me.” There had been no token of love, no sixpence broken, no fairing from the wake, no innocent familiarity of kissing. Squire Western did not believe Tom Jones was in love with Sophia, because he had never seen him kiss her. He did not consider 35 very old, but to a girl of 17 it was something. In Miss Austen's novel, Sense and Sensibility, the heroine about Miss Capper’s age expressed indig- nation that a man of 30, only 30, should even propose to marry her. So Miss Capper probably said “ La, pa, you are quizzing me,” and saying she would never consent, consented. But the ena- moured swain at this time was gone to a pig-race. In a Committee on American and West India trade« Mr. Huskisson proposed a new plan q( colonial policy. All colonial^ commerce had long been confined to the Mother Courtiry, but of late years a great change had taken place in the Biazils, St. 'Domingo, ano! the Stales of South Ameri- ca, with all which a fiee trade had now been opened» Amonopolycouldnpt.be , continued, on tbe part of Britain, without ! weakening the attachment ol the Colonies, and injuring the cause of commerce itself. Ireland had long oeen held in a state ol subserviency> but commercial prejudices were silenced by state tvecessity, and these restrictions weie, from time iv time, token off, till the l.tst of them were re. moved two years ago. The whole com- merce of the world was now in a state of changée Whatever impedes the com- merce of the Colonies, must also impede that of the Parent State. At the same time, cejtain protecting ad valorem amies must be imposed, and the pioduce of the duties would form the revenue of the par- ticular Colony. He would also ptoposé the Waiehousing system,as carried on at home, to extend to the Colonies, and he should propose to put the sugar from the Mauritius on the same footing as tnht from the West Indie«. The duties now imposed on the corn of Canada amount- ed to u prohibition, and it might remain locked up for years in house?. Mr. Peel succeeded in raising the sa- laries of Police Maghtiatei io eight hundred pounds per annum. When the salaries were low, the perions employed were incompetent to ihe duties. Of the twelve magïstidtef, first appointed, 3 vvere barristeis, 1 a major, 3 clergymen, 2 staich dealers, and I Glasgow trader. Mr. Martin's bill, fur preventing fhe ill-treatment of animals, was rejected by a majority of S3 to 23. On the 25th March, Mr. Huskisson proposed several new commercial regula- tions. The cotton manufacture was the most extensive and prosperous in the coun- try. 'Ihe export of cotton goods, from England» in the coutte of last year, ex- ceeded the enormous sum of thirty millions sterling; yet the duty on importation,kof one species of cotton goods, was £75 per cent, advahiem; the lowest 50 guineas. He proposed to repeal the whole, and to propose a duty of JO per cent, on ¿ditton! manufactures of foreign countries. At' present the duty on imported woollens was 50 per cent.; he proposed J5. It was by a spirit of competition we could best promote that increase of means, which was the surest foundation for public pros perity. The lowest rate of duty on linen was «£40j the highest £180 percent.; he should propose £lo. On -glass he proposed a reduction from 80 to 20 per cent. - A'fr«JP«L my ; tiie Custom-house Officers w«rèi embarrassed in what class of articles to consider it. After due deliberation they decided it was a manufactured article. His friend valued the mummy at L400, and consequently had to pay L.200 duty. Such .it system of petty annoyance and vexation reflected any thing but honour on legislation. By the present system, smuggling is carried on to an immense' extent. French paper is superior to Eng* lish for takmg off impressions. Allow importation, and our own manufacture will be.stimulated and improved. This is already the case with silk, so that Eng li>h silk is now smuggled into France. He proposed to reduce also the duties on' raw materials* particularly oil, which was much used in woollen' manufacture, and ,tery soon to take off the duty b» oil from rape seed and flax seed; ¡that .(he duty on all foreign wool, under a shilling' a! pound, should be reduced to one half- penny. He also proposed the abolition of feet on ali commerce to our Colonies, ] and a repeal of the tax on the transfer of shares tn ships, artd to reduce the stamp duty on bonds given to the Custom-* ! hou-e, from 40s. to 4s. He Unsted j before the en j ment would prove they followed the | recommendation of the «peech from the throne, to remove all u«eless restiamt* by which the commerce of the countiy Wii's impeded. The Dissenter«*'Marriage Bill has parsed the House ol Commons. The Diamond frigate had arrived from Mexico, having on board Mr. Lionel Har vey, one of the Commissioners sent to that couhiry. Tranquillity prevailed there. The accounts from the mines were very favour able. The Emperor of Russia and King of Prussia were to go to Italy in May. The'Duke of York's residence is to be pulled down, and re-built on a large scale. Dr. Bailey has communicated to the In- stitute the resuitsof some curious researches on ihe^rmföbers °* births in several town» He jnfer£;rha,t the Heahh fjaga remarkable influence, on çhe &exo;( the offspring, and that itNsposrib^e' by means of appropriate regimen, to produce such a state of health, as may augment the chances in favour of a male or female birth. 'I his discovery may bèuseful in many respects, particularly by enabling us to augment either the male* or females of our flocks and herds. Mr*. Matthews* last entertainment, called the Memorandum Book, does nor possess such merit as some of hit, former pieces. One fat ladv takes up the whole side of the coach. «' Porter, fetch me my bundle.'* " Yes, Marm, in vich room dtd you sleep ?" in the double-beded room." u So 1 suppose by your size," .* These horses are like the discovery ships." " V\ by so, Sir ?" «' Because tney are frozen to the pole." There is a dialogue between Mr. Testy and Mr. Qui verton. "You are never behind time, Sit." '* Time has not thinned my flowing hair." &c.; A telescope is then handed rqund to view Wcnur and Jupiter's set of lights. But the first gentleman sees nothing, and the se. cond and third see nothing no more than nobody else, because the brass top that ki vers the glass harnt been taken off at all. Mr. Alum will not Jet Mr. Chyle eat, exclaiming always, <" Beware,, 'tis poison, I have analysed it, Í have tasted it, and I know it." Mr. Allbut is on the brink of fortune, all but a trifle. He was elected member for Rottenborough ali but one vote, to which his friend answer " Indeed, you don't say so." Xnen there is ä dialogue with the Ghost in Hamlet, who thinks he has swallowed poison in. stead of brandy :? Hamlet. Whether wilt thou lead me ? Speak, I'll go no farther ! Ghost. Mark me. (Aside.) I believe I shall not be able to go much farther. Hamlet, AJas ! poor Ghost. Ghost. I am thy fathers* spirit. (Aside.) O that brandy and water. 1 am d) ing. Hamlet. Stay a little-you will descend presently. Ghost. I cannot go on. Hamlet* Then you had better go off. Mr. Kemble then comes forward, and tells the house that Mr. Bensley is indis- posed. In the meantime, the poisonous glass 'urns out to be rose pink, mixed to make blood, for the murderers in the ensu ing pantomine. »- -. Trial and Execution of Godalming. On Saturday last, John Pollock, John Godalming, and George Harding, were found guilty, in the Criminal Court, of stealing two sheep, the property of Mr. W. Pike, near Lemon Springs; and on Monday, John Pollock and John God- alming were put upon their trial for the murder of Samuel Hunt, who was shep- herd to Mr. Pike at the time of the rob- bery, and who was found barbarously and inhumanly murdered about a fort- night after. It appeared from the evi- dence that Godalming, knowing that the shepherd was privy to the circumstances, had murdered him, in order that he should not appear as a witness against him on any future trial. On Saturday the 17th of January last, Hunt having gone out with his flock, did not return in the evening as usual ; Mr. Pike then instituted an active search until next day, when the body was found about 400 yards from the house in a gore of blood, collected in a kangaroo jacket, which was under him. There was a violent blow on the left temple, inflicted appa- rently by a hammer, and a wound on the left side of the neck about one inch in length and eight deep, either of which acts of violence, Mr. M'Lauchlan de- clared, was sufficient to occasion death. On the body being brought to Town the injury done to the head could not be as- certained until the scalp was taken off when it appeared that it must have suf- fered several other severe blows which would have proved mortal. The ossa parietalia were separated from each other, and from the occiput. The evi- dence of one witness, Bizzard, was so much in detail, and so particular, that some doubt seemed to arise as to its being genuine ; but though examined, and cross-examined, very minutely, he did not vary in the least. He said, that being one of the road party at Lemon Springs, he retired to rest in a corner of the hut at only four feet distance from Godalming, who was soon after joined by a man named Morgan. He heard the latter say to Godalming, " It is a pity but you had put that man, Hunt, on one side last week, when you had Mead with you;" to which Godalming replied " Never mind, I shall put him on one side myself.' " How can you," said the other " as you have no tools ?" His companion answered, " I have a good knife and a steel, and I will go to Town and buy a tomahawk. I will return next Friday and lie in wait all Saturday, and if I cannot do it then I will do it on Sunday and whether I catch him standing up or asleep (I would rather catch him asleep), I will first hit him on the head with a tomahawk, and then stick him like a sheep. I will kill that man, Hunt, if ever there was a man killed in the world (throwing down a piece of damper he held in his hand, as if in a passion); by this day week Hunt shall be a dead man." The Jury found the prisoner Godalming guilty, and he was sentenced to expiate his offence, as far as earthly sufferings can, on the gallows on the following Wednesday. The mental apathy of this man was such, that, though he was con- fined in the dark cell, and had the solacing and invaluable truths of the gospel placed before him, in the most persuasive and satisfactory manner, he remained insens- sible to the last, and died, we lament to say, in a very different frame of mind from those unhappy men who suffered the previous week. 