THE POLICE. MARCH 25.-Richard Coleman, prisoner of the crown, remanded from the 23d for stealing a watch, as brought up this morning, and sentenced to have his original term of transportation extended. for three yeans from the period of its expiration. Alexander M'Pherson, prisoner of the crown, remanded for stealing a book from the passage of a miblic office ; sentenced to receive 50 lashes. John Anthony, prisoner of the crown (a man of colour), charged with indecently exposing his per- son in the public street, under circumstances of great aggravation ; sentenced 75 lashes. John Norgrove, prisoner of the crown, for drun- kenness in his service, and disorderly and insolent conduct to his master; 25 lashes. This day six men, all prisoners of the crown, who had been apprehended under an information in the skilling of a hut in Cockle-bay, al 12 o'clock Last night, where thoy were all found in their beds, lying on the floor, were brought forward, together with a considerable quantity of gold coin of various descriptions, and rupees and other silver monies to a great amount, found on the persons or in the boxes of the respective prisoners, and part of the property stolen from 'the warehouse of Messrs. Cooper and Levey some weeks since, but of which no ttace could be had until the present discovery took place. To some of the gold coin, of a very singular description, a clerk of the house positively deposed ; and Mr. Cooper was equally as certain to its having been amongst the other monies in the «liett when ¡I was broke open and plundered of its c intents. Tlie wretched appearalice of the pri- soners immediately set at rest the plea that one of them set up, " that he had brought the gold coin willi him some time since from England ;" and, in the present stage of the enquiry, the Bench deemed it expedient to commit two of the offenders, viz. Willam Walker and Matthew Baker, for trial. The other four were remanded for further exami- nai ion. The depositions in this very extraordinary case were taken at great length, and furnished an additional test of what can be effected by an ac- tive, vigilant, and a cautious and judicious system of Police. MARCH 27.-Several cases of minor importance were disposed of in the course of this day, chiefly of drunken and disorderly free men and prisoners. The free men were respectively fined, and the pri- soners adjudged to the tread-mill for a certain pe jind, proportioned to the nature and degree of their offences. James Connor, prisoner of the crown, charged with stealing a bucket, the property of Thomas Kelly : 50 lashes. At half-past 3 the Bench adjourned. Our contemporary published twice last week,after having threatened us that he would do so for nearly J2 months, and we really think he is one of the most comical geniuses we have seen for a long time. Whe- ther his wig was in requisition or not on the occa- sion, it would be a difficult matter for us to deter- mine, but he endeavours at the commencement of his leaders, to smirk and smile himself into the good graces of his subscribers with, " Our readers will this morniug be surprised" (at paying for an addi- tional shilling's worth of trash, we suppose) " agreeably so we hope, at the appearance of the Australian I" Jrudge ! We would like to know whether he intends making any charge for the ad- vertisements, or whether he does not charge full price!!! This is agreeably surprising the Public. Let him do as we did, publish advertisements, for five months, gratis-let him then come down to half price every second insertion-and let him reduce his typographical spectre, we mean his paper, 25 per cent, that is to nine-pence ! We are not angry because he has, with great labour, and after 11 months' conception, brought forth the re- iteration of a ghost, which has been so long in anticipation, but we do not like to see the Aus- tralian Public gulled with the pretended efforts of a contemporary who only wants their cash. Lei him make a retort of this kind on us, and we will thank him. 