AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. \- - -oooooo- - - ⁂ For the political and other discussions of this Journal, the Government is wholly irresponsible, as well as quite unconnected---that department being entirely at the individual discretion of the Editor. In a brief way we beg to call the attention of the Public to the Government Order, No. 13, in to-day's Gazelle. Though it is our province not to condemn, but to uphold and enforce the mea- sures of the Government, yet we feel satisfied that, on the present occasion, our accustomed duty may be foregone with great propriety, since the Order speaks volumes for itself ; and we regret that our present limits will not allow of more en- larged observation than we are able now to afford. The Executive Council assembled on Saturday, at 5 o'clock, and sat until half-past 8 ; and, in or- der that no further delay should lake place in car- rying the sentence of the law into effect on the several culprits condemned to death, the Council met again at 2 o'clock on Sunday, when it became too apparent that no favourable circumstances could be discovered which would have justified the interposition of the Executive Authority to save the criminals from their justly merited fate. In a very narrow compass we see the efficiency and firmness, under distressingly delicate circum- stances, of the present Government. All is ob- vious and striking to the poorest comprehension. From the awful results of yesterday, and the pre- vious day, the bushranger, and every other species of robber, will at once perceive there is little or no hope of escaping the uplifted arm of offended justice. The receivers of stolen property have now experienced a blow which, we think, will tend to accelerate the extirpation of that species of of- fence which has too long gone uncontrouled, though occasionally checked. But for the induce- ments held out to bushrangers and others, by their insidious colleagues in crime—those receivers— such offences would long since have met with an- nihilation ; and the receivers, absolute traffickers in the lives of their fellow mortals, would not have had to answer for the blood of those men who have been hurried into the presence of insulted Deity ! Yes ; the receiver is the foulest monster with which our globe is accursed—for, were there no receivers, there could be no thieves—and very many murders might thus be prevented. In aiming at the receivers of stolen goods, the GO- VERNOR has wisely struck at the very root of a system, which nothing less than the enforcement of the most rigid measures of the law could pos- sibly repress. The bushranger, and the receiver of stolen property, dare no longer plead igno- rance of what they may expect in adhering to vicious propensities ; and we would therefore hope, that the former might be induced to forsake his abandoned courses, and live honestly, soberly, and, righteously ; if not, however successful he may be in his career, he may rest assured that, sooner or later, the receiver will watch a favour- able moment to be the first to consign him to the pains of death ! The history of the world shews, that no bond of faith can exist amongst persons engaged in pursuits that are inimical to the peace, safety, and good government of any Country. As for the receivers—if such men and such women have any conscience left, any apprehensions of the future, the least regard to a judgment-day, we would earnestly recommend them to turn over a new leaf, and not madly incur that inevitable temporal infamy, which we fear is too generally followed by anguish—eternal in its duration ! WE have been sorry to learn that dissatisfaction pervades the minds of some people, from whom better things were expected, but there are indivi- duals in every Community that will never allow their restless dispositions to repose even for a day, much more for three months. As soon as our in- formation is complete on certain points, it will then become our duty, most probably, to make such an exposé as will astonish some of those gentry who act behind the curtain. Two or three individuals, perhaps a dozen, if not more, have been indus- triously avowing sentiments, which are not only decidedly incompatible with their own interests, but equally pernicious to society, and at variance with the benign and liberal views of the Colonial Go- vernment. The institution of the LAND BOARD--- one of the wisest plans that could be executed by our GOVERNOR, and which deprives the Executive of that all- powerful influence which otherwise HIS EXCELLENCY must have retained in his pos- session---is now considered, as a measure, quite foreign from the peace and prosperity of the Country---so shallow are many of our most en- lightened Colonists ! Had these people avowed their astonishment at the GOVERNOR consenting to lessen his authority, we should not have been so surprised ourselves, since we certainly did view it as strange policy for a new Governor to act upon ; but that their amazement should have been excited, at the adoption of an act which must enroll the name of our present GOVERNOR in more distinguished characters than any of his Predeces- sors, is unquestionably the greatest piece of stu- pidity that has ever fallen under our consideration. But, let us examine whether this objection, to the establishment of the Land Board, is founded upon disinterested views ; and who are the parties that dare to fulminate their objections ? We have made some enquiry into the sentiments of the parties---for they cannot act so secretly but that we can inva- riably manage to get behind them---and we find, as was naturally anticipated, that they are mortally offended, because, forsooth, the GOVERNOR has referred their applications to the Land Board, and that the Gentlemen of the Board have not yet been able to find time to attend to their individual claims, because there are hundreds, if not thousands, who happen to have a priority of claim. So much for their would-be disinterested policy. And the parties, that attempt industriously to create divi- sions, and sow discord amongst our uniting Society, are themselves the very individuals that are crying out against the licentiousness of the press, and the lamentable want of unanimity and peace in our borders ! These parties, too, are already under ob- ligations to the Governments of New South Wales for all they enjoy. Such kind of men bring to our remembrance a certain king, of the name of David, who, when he wished for peace, his enemies would cry out " war ;" but there is this great difference be- tween the people to whom we allude and king David ; they roar out, and exclaim " Peace---peace !" and all the time mean nothing short of " War ! !" We would strenuously recommend to such persons the adoption of better principles ; for, unless they be- tray in their future conduct a more enlightened degree of policy, the sooner they retire from our shores with the wealth they have acquired---though we do not say in which way---the earlier will the Royal Standard of Peace be seen to wave from the proud battlements of Australia. Owing to the transmission of fresh instructions from Earl BATHURST, in reference to the future location of lands, it has been found inexpedient to act upon the system formerly in adoption regarding the granting of lands. With Earl BATHURST'S instructions, the Colonial Government experiences that it is not possible to act in such a way as will either render satisfaction to the Colonists, or have a tendency to promote the interests of the Crown. In this dilemma---none of the most plea- sant for such a Government as that with which New South Wales is now blessed---the Executive has found it necessary to steer rather a middle course, which, with the experience of the Constituted Au- thorities, we candidly pronounce not only to be the safest, but also the most eligible for the interests of all parties. No Country could ever be more awkwardly situated than this, as regards the location of lands. There are nearly a million of acres, we understand, in the possession of the Colonists which have never yet been properly defined, and to which no legitimate limits have been prescribed. There are close upon half-a-million of acres that have been granted, which it is thought will necessarily revert to the Crown. The work that is marked out for the Land Board, in the Surveying Department alone, is enough to occupy the attention of the three Gentlemen, we learn, for years to come, without attending to ten thousand other equally important duties. Though our acquaintance with the various Departments is but trifling, when viewed in a com- parative light, yet we must express our honest con- viction, that we do not know how they possibly wade through the masses of incongruity which incessantly present themselves for disposal. We should suppose that it will take the whole of the present year, speaking within compass, indeed, to enable the GOVERNOR to get all the various com- plicated wheels of the Administrative machine in proper play. That wonders have already been ef- fected, every coming day loudly and indubitably proclaims. ======== On Monday embarked on board the Govern- ment brig Amity, 1 Captain, 1 subaltern, 2 ser- jeants, and 41 rank and file, of the 57th Regiment, and 9 women and 13 children, to relieve a detach- ment of the 40th Regiment, under the command of Captain Bishop, at Moreton-bay. Fourteen prisoners also proceed thither by the same con- veyance. Our attention has been called to the transporta- tion of offenders to the various penal settlements, and more particularly to the case of many of those who are now stationed at Port Macquarie. That there are shades in crime, as well as a variety of hues in the rainbow, is too obvious to need the commonest proof, and it is upon this principle that we take upon ourselves to handle a subject which unquestionably demands more than ordinary attention. The culprit who has been twice or thrice at the hulks, and probably been a pest to every police office in or about London, when exiled to these shores, is merely drafted to some settler, or else assigned to some respectable householder, where, in all likelihood, he is better off than ever he was prior to his conviction. Should he transgress the laws here, finding it impossible to restrain his vi- cious courses even while the lash is suspended in terrorem over him, after the second or third offence, he runs the hazard of being forwarded to one of the penal settlements. But let us see what has been the fate of the culprit that happened, for the first time, to lay himself open to the visitation of the law in this Colony. If he should have arrived free in the Coun- try, or if he were native-born, it mattered not, so that the unfortunate man were transported, and off he has been despatched, with the ten-fold felon, to Port Macquarie, or some other settlement, there to finish his career in all the arts of vice, in which, up to his said conviction, he was merely a novice ! This is a topic worthy of the serious consideration of our present enlightened Government, because reforma- tion, and not revenge, is one grand object of punish- ment under the British jurisprudence ; and it must be clear, that all hope of reformation is excluded, when the parties to be reformed are destined to spend their days with the most depraved of the human family. Instances out of number have oc- curred, within the last few years, wherein, had atten- tion only been opportunely paid to such grievances, many a misguided youth, and many an unfortunate man, might have, ere this, not only been " restored to all the rights of free subjects," but also have become useful and industrious members of the community. Some of the native-born youths are at Port Macquarie, at this moment, with the most depraved felons that ever rendered society ac- cursed ;—can we therefore hope, if the term of their sentences should ever expire, that they will be restored to us with any principles of reformation animating their breasts ? No---it is more likely that they will come back seven times more the children of vice than they were before. For the information of the present Government, we must be allowed to speak in unsophisticated language, be- cause we are aware that His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR seeks for information through every channel, so that he may be rendered a blessing to all ranks and classes of the community. In the settlement of Port Macquarie alone, respectable authority assures us, that there are many characters highly deserving of encouragement for long and exemplary good behaviour. Several of these men, however, have been destined, upon the mere dictum of one or two Magistrates---though we respect the authority and service of these gentlemen as far as it should extend---to spend the remainder of their days in that distant settlement, without any hope of mitigation, because many of them are for life. It has not been usual for prisoners to be sentenced to penal settlements for the remainder of their terms of transportation for all kinds of offences ; some of those, however, have been more fortunate than others, for it has not unfrequently transpired, that men have had only to serve a few weeks or months \---whilst others have thus been transported, upon the mere magisterial voice, for the term of their na- tural lives. To this day, too many have been dragging out a horrible existence there, for years, and some too in irons (if our information be cor- rect), without any hope of alleviation, until the friendly hand of death, and the merciful interposi- tion of a Supreme Being, release the unfortunate creatures, we hope, from further suffering. Siberia cannot be much worse than this prolengthened tor- ture ; but we now write for the especial information of His Excellency Lieutenant General DARLING, who, we are satisfied, will, as soon as possible, abolish a system that only requires investigation in order to be scouted from a British Community. Again we beg to iterate the fact, that our authority for this statement is most respectable---otherwise we would not venture to be so bold ; but we feel assured that the Colonial Government, if we are to judge by the adoption of recent measures in fur- therance of the comforts of the prisoners, that such a statement will be honoured with early attention. We were advised to suggest the propriety of a Commission of Enquiry to Port Macquarie, but we do not think it prudent to prefer the suggestion ourselves---we would much rather that the Govern- ment would pursue its own course of proceeding with- out any intervention of ours. In future, however, we would most certainly suggest the propriety and ex- pediency of classifying the criminals that emanate from the Supreme Court*, and all first convictions should at least be treated with equal consideration to those prisoners who come out from the Mother Coun- try and on no account should they be drafted to the penal settlements, where the most abandoned are obliged to be sent ; but we think that some settle- ment---say Bathurst, Wellington Valley, or New- castle---would be most fitting for our unfortunate native-born youths, and for other equally misguided of our fellow-creatures. We leave these hasty remarks for future consideration. * We understand that this system is actually in progress. ======== The receipt of the Sydney Gazettes up to the latest arrival in London, are acknowledged in the Times. The expedition to Western Port, by Messrs. Hovell and Hume, is rendered public in that Journal. In a late Paper we had the pleasure of observing, that MAURICE CHARLES O'CONNELL, jun. eldest son of Colonel O'CONNELL, of the 73d Regt. and formerly Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales, is honoured with an Ensigncy in the same Regt. Ensign O'CONNELL is in his 15th year, and is an Australian : his mother was the relict of Captain PUTLAND, R. N. and daughter of the late Gover- nor BLIGH. Advices were received in town yesterday, that a fine river has been discovered about 8 or 10 miles to the Northward of Port Macquarie. The new Bishop of Chester has adopted the Irish costume of not wearing a wig. Lord Gifford has made the same inroad upon the judicial habits of former times. The present race of physicians, however, were the first to set the example. " Such an argument, then, is a fallacy !" [Vide last Australian.] Our contemporary seems to be but the ghost of what he was. His leading articles are generally composed of mere fiddle-faddle, and he furnishes us with his mawkish comments with as much gra- vity as if they were every thing but fudge. The only thing in his paper that is written with any de- gree of spirit is his tag-rag-and-bobtail police reports. But then, we think they do a great deal more of harm than good, and it is purely for that reason that we, in ours, retain our altitudes. But, bah ! our devil is at our Editorial elbow craving copy, and that is no joke, so we must proceed to punch our grim adversary without farther supere- rogation. In his article on the licenses, with much of his usual whining, he tells us that the Regula- tions are " calculated to give satisfaction" —these are his own words. Now, Reader, mark his con- sistency ! In the very same sentence he says, " they are not without faults, some very serious faults !" If they have very serious faults, we de- sire to know, in the name of common sense, how they can possibly be calculated to give satisfac- tion ?" Nothing can be more palpably absurd than the reasonings and inductions of the Australian, and in this case it would be just as proper to say that that which is seriously wrong is seriously right, which is the most absurd of human absurdities, as to propose that serious faults can be calculated to give satisfaction. But let us examine these " se- rious faults," of which our learned contemporary so seriously complains, and see whether we cannot arrive at more sober and legitimate conclusions ; in order to accomplish which, we will proceed with FAULT FIRST.—Very serious.—Our legislators cannot legislate, " from their having to depend on second hand information ; and from having no per- sonal experience themselves of the things about which they have to legislate !!!" This, then, is one of the Australian's "serious evils;" and we have no alternative left us, on the Australian's mode of legislation, but to have the Legislative As- sembly composed exclusively of publicans, if any future change should be contemplated in the busi- ness, as the publicans are the only individuals who can be supposed to have the Australian's requisite "personal experience ;" and, in like manner, " the personal experience" of a gang of thieves will be best calculated to propose laws to protect the Community from the attacks of the bushranger, the midnight robber, and the highwayman. These are the absurd effects that would result from the adoption of the proposed measures of the Austra- lian, and the Public will at once see that they are ridiculous enough. We cannot but regret, how- ever, the pertinacity and infatuation with which our contemporary pursues the crooked tenor of his way, by decoying the mode in which the Legislative Coun- cil obtained its information. The Members of that distinguished Body, in place of keeping tippling houses, as our contemporary recommends, made every possible enquiry to obtain the requisite infor- mation, and this to be sure is a very imperfect mode of acquiring knowledge, inasmuch as it is acquired from a great variety of quarters, and savours too much of the method by which the Members of the British Parliament arrive at their conclusions, which is not all what the Australian wants. How- ever, as nothing but the tippling shops will go down with him, we will leave him in one of them by and bye to slake his thirst. FAULT SECOND—Very dolorous.—" We ob- serve," says the Australian, " that publicans sel- ling beer only, are required to takeout a licence of the same amount, twenty-five pounds sterling, as those who retail wine, &c.; This is not only oppres- sive, but impolitic." When our contemporary views this measure as an evil, it is clear he has not once thought of the disastrous consequences that have resulted from the great increase of colonial and ginger-beer houses, many of which secretly retailed spirituous liquors to a great extent, thereby defrauding the fair and honest dealer, and at the same time converting their wretched hovels into asylums for thieves, and their stolen property. These receptacles of crime, and nurseries for vice, were by no means confined to the metropolis, but extended themselves over the principal roads in the Country, where, as very recent experience has too sufficiently verified, they became the noted retreats of gangs of bushrangers, in place of safe and con- venient houses of call for the honest and industrious settler. The mode, now wisely adopted, will con- tribute greatly (if not altogether) to subvert these alarming evils. In place of receptacles for hordes of bushrangers on our most public roads, we will now have respectable houses, and it will be the in- terest of their proprietors to keep a vigilant eye on the characters of their guests ; and, in our towns, the honest and fearless publican will be protected from the oppressive and destructive effects of illicit dealings. He will feel a laudable pride in main- taining the respectability of his house, and that honest rivalry for fame which has been a distin- guished characteristic of our publicans, will re- ceive a new impetus, and be productive of the happiest effects. FAULT THIRD —very shocking—for our contem- porary objects, and we generally find his objections to be in general shocking enough. " We object," says he, " to the Regulation requiring the signa- ture of the chief constables to the certificates," be- cause " the chief constables are generally on terms of sociality and familiarity with publicans. They intermix the one with the other." It would have been worth our contemporary's while, had he paused on the threshold of his argument, and taken a look at the manner in which these certificates are signed. The Act requires that they should obtain the signature of the chief constable, and three respectable householders ; and, it is worthy of re- mark, that notwithstanding the signature of the chief constable is the first that appears on the cer- tificate, it is the last procured ; for, in the first place, the applicant takes his certificate round to such respectable householders as he thinks will re- commend him, and when the number is supplied he introduces himself to the chief constable, who, without remark, finishes the business, by complying with the spirit of the Act. We are somewhat sorry that our contemporary did not avail himself of our suggestions on this identical point that were published in our Gazette of the 10th of February last, which would have been of some service to him. But is it to be supposed, for an instant, that the chief constable would so far forget his own interest as to pit himself against the opinions of three respect- able men, without having good and sufficient reason for so doing. This is not at all likely, because it would he the direct means of subjecting his motives to the most rigid scrutiny ; and, if these motives were found to be improper, which is highly impro- bable, the consequence would be his disgrace and dismissal. On the other hand, granting, for the sake of argument, that what we have advanced is irrelevant to the present question, still we are ca- pable of condemning the Australian out of his own mouth. He says " the chief constables are gene- rally on terms of familiarity with the publicans," so that, in place of any danger arising to the pub- lican from this familiarity, the very reverse would be the consequence, and the probability would be, that he would give his signature too readily, were this not wisely provided for by the signatures of the three respectable householders. FAULT FOURTH —very awful---because the 19th clause of the Act is "entirely condemned," by the Australian. He says, " let a Magistrate's presence be required at the scene of drinking !" That is to say, a Magistrate must be sent for to witness the legality of a fuddling-match, distant probably 50 miles from any station where a Magis- trate is placed---or, he would most courteously have one of our Justices, at the hour of midnight, aroused by the rattle of a watchman, to go and be- hold a group of disturbers tossing off their noctur- nal libations ! We will not offer a word on this preposterous proposal, but allow its self-evident absurdity to speak for itself. In conclusion, we agree with our contemporary that " the publicans are as deserving of protection as other people, but that the people must be pro- tected from outrage." This is as it should be---and savours something of a legal opinion, inasmuch as it is common sense ; and we will candidly admit that the Australian is sometimes right, as he is now, when he speaks on general principles. The power that is vested in our present indefatigable and enlightened Magistracy, we think, will never be wilfully abused. We feel that they are the prime safeguards, not only of individual, but of public liberty ; and, under this impression, with the COLLECTIVE WISDOM of our Legislative As- sembly, and our excellent and impartial GOVER- NOR at its head, the people may safely confide that the most enlightened policy will continue to be in- variably adopted. Now, for the coming Australian ! ======== By way of hasty replication to an attack directed at the LAND BOARD, we think it only needful at present to state, that every possible facility is re- garded in the promptest attention to all the multi- farious commands with which this new Department is extensively honoured. We do not believe the Settlers are discontented, since they pretty well know that the present Executive is rigidly atten- ding to the redress of every alleged grievance, and endeavouring to benefit the condition, and improve the circumstances of those respectable settlers and agriculturists who thickly inhabit our extending regions. One great inducement for the Government to withdraw the indulgence of giving Crown servants to ticket-of-leave men was, that the settlers might be more unavailing in their interests in this respect. Surely while such a cry exists of a want of hands, which prevents the toiling cultivator of our soil from reaching the market, it would be highly censurable in the Executive to lavish away the prisoners on ticket-of-leave holders, however decent and indus- trious that class of individuals might happen to be considered. The ticket-of-leave holder will ac- knowledge the justice of this remark, and we are assured feel they are above the wish of even desiring an extension of indulgence, for which the Government very properly considers them unqualified. The prin- cipal Superintendent of Convicts is too attentive in his arduous duties not to forward all the applications sent in to his office ---therefore no blame rests with that Officer---nor, in fact, with any other Officer. Curs, however, should be suffered to growl, while they cannot bite. ======== THE BANK OF AUSTRALIA.—A Meeting of " the original Proprietors of shares" in this recently formed Institution is to take place to-morrow even- ing at the Sydney Hotel, "for the purpose (it is said) of apportioning the unappropriated shares in that undertaking amongst the numerous applicants for the same." As far as the harmony of society goes, we cannot do less than view it as a matter of regret that the " original Proprietors" of this Institution, be whom or what they may, should have missed their way in not giving greater publicity to their important proceedings, by convening a public meeting at some one of the hotels, and inviting the attention of all classes of the Community to so highly expedient and beneficial a measure as that of the for- mation of a second Bank. Abstracted from this consideration, however, we are pleased that the Committee were governed by the principles which eventually became developed to the Public, as an opportunity was thereby afforded of demonstrating the activity and energies of the people, when that people happily combine to promote the good of the body politic---apart from all illiberal and petulant policy, and invidious party distinctions---the bane of every Country in which such feelings are allowed to operate to the prejudice of social order, and to the destruction of good will. However, we congratulate the Bank of Australia on the prosperity that we think must be consequent on the undertaking, if the institution is viewed in connection with the prospe- rity of the Country generally, which we would hope is the primary aim that the Proprietors have in regard, and which indeed some of the most enlightened and honourable amongst them have declared to us in unequivocal terms. There are numbers of these gen- tlemen amalgamated in the Bank of Australia, who, we know, have no other design than to promote the prosperity of the Country, and such being our knowledge we shall content ourselves with notifying, we trust, the successful co-operation of all the Banks, in laudably contributing to the advancement of a second BRITAIN in the Southern world. ======== It is rumoured in the upper circles, that Captain PIPER has some intention of re-visiting Europe by an early opportunity. Some go as far as to say, that leave of absence has been solicited, and that HIS EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR was pleased to say that permission would be granted the Naval Officer as soon as his department was newly organized. The beau monde, and the poorer orders, also, will sincerely regret the absence of a Gentleman who is esteemed by all ranks. Parliament would have been dissolved, and not prorogued at the last Sessions, only that the views of Mr. CANNING and his friends were against the dis- solution, it having been apprehended that such a measure would have been likely to produce party feeling throughout the Country, which it was wisely deemed advisable to avoid. 