AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. -000000 - - '*#. for the political and other discussions of this Journnl, . the Government is wholly irresponsible, as well as quite unconnected-that department being entirely ot tht individual discretion of the Editor. OUR Readers will this day observe that they have «very reason to rejoice at the wisdom and firmness of His EXCELLENCY. Whilst He expresses His determination not lo interfere with the Act of Coun- ell, No. 2, He concedes a boon which, we think, will stimulate the publicans to vie with each other in carrying into the most perfect effect the wishes of the Government, as far as regards them. NOW FOR THE "TUG OF WAR!" Such was our exclamation on reading the leader of the last Aus- tralian. The most useful and valuable piece of information that ever decorated the columns of that Journal was so fortunate as to meet with the re- ception that characterizes all the proceedings of men whose aim is any thing save the public good. "Our Readers will be pleased at being put in possession of the details which this Report con- tain, as they will learn from this the precise cha- racter of the MONSTER that is let loose amongst them." This is a most paradoxical opening for a leader, for we are entirely at a stand to imagine how his Readers can be pleased, when a monster is let loose in the Colony! But the Doctor's apt to be quizzical occasionally, when surveying his establishment at Carlton-house, his offices, his out- houses, and his barns! But, mum! One of our devils is in waiting, and must be attended to; be- sides our devils have a great dislike to "satiate vindictive feelings---to attack private character to feed rancorous and unchristian-like passions." --- No, no, our devils would have us "leave every man to enjoy the pleasure of his own parlour, of his own fire-side," and also of his own unsullied inner cham- ber. But mum, again--- this fiend will not be sa- tisfied---"copy, copy," is all his cry ! Now for this monster ! What is it like ? Why, a monster, we suppose, is made up of arms, legs, head, &c.; &c.; &c.; like most other animals ; and the 'monster, to which the unmonstrous Australian alludes, is nothing less nor more than the AUSTRA- LIAN AGRICULTURAL COMPANY ! Well, we must analyze this curious-looking beast. It has a head, body, and limbs, consisting of Governors, Direc- tors, Committees, Treasurers, Secretaries, Proprie- tors, &c.; &c.; and with these are amalgamated Mem- bers of Parliament, and the first men of influence and property in Great Britain. Such is the outline of that Company which is now, in mere sport we would hope, designated by the Australian---" THE MONSTER !" The attacks which are at present renewed on the Agricultural Company, only comprise two in num- ber, and refer lo these clauses: 1st. "The Surveyorv General shall cause an accurate survey and descrip- tion to be prepared of one million acres of land, carefully availing himself of all natural boundaries and land-marks, and adding to the grant of one million of acres any quantity of land which he may think necessary to render the boundaries of the grant more complete and distinct." This is ho- noured with no less than five notes of admiration ! And, 2d, "His Majesty's Government have also agreed to grant to the Company leases of any other minerals (besides coal) which may be found in the Colony." This receives the attention of only three admirations ! Our Readers are generally men of sense---they think for themselves---and therefore are not apt to be misled by the heated malevolence of a writer who is influenced in his political career by any thing but principle. We would say, let any candid and reflecting mind peruse the Report of the Direc- tors to the Proprietors of the Australian Agricul- tural Company, which has appeared in print, and then pronounce, whether it is likely not only to at- tract the attention of Europe to our shores, but whether the views of the Company are not such that must inevitably "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA?" Let the Public banish from their recollection those prejudices which the illiberal remarks of the Aus- tralian were calculated to produce at first sight, and merely take the naked Report, and we would stake our political safety that an answer, in favour of the Company, and to its lasting honour, would be unhe sitatingly elicited. So much for this monster of the Doctor's creation---a monster that is far be- yond the grasp of his political genius. If the man undertook to make it appear that this Company were "not for the good of the Colony," we should then be more satisfied, and perhaps convinced ; but he gives himself no trouble about the matter---he embellishes his paper with a most valuable docu- ment---runs over a column of rancour and spleen--- laughs at Sir THOMAS BRISBANE under the cowl of affected commiseration---abuses a Company which he does not comprehend---and designates the most respectable men in this as well as in the Mo- ther Country, with the learned appellation of mon- ster ! ! ! ! ! ! ! The Australian has not taken the trouble to consi- der that the Ministers well digested and approved of all the measures of this Company. He will not pretend to say that the present Ministry is not of the most enlightened and liberal character that ever encircled and supported the British Crown ; from which we argue, with every degree of consistency, that in abusing the Company, he is in fact vilifying the Minister---traducing Parliament---and, is it too much to say, that such a man, this monstrous politi- cian, is scandalizing the Head of the Government? Supposing that the formation of the Company origi- nated in this Colony, and taking ¡t for granted that Mr. John McArthur, at whom the Australian is chiefly aiming, first suggested the plan to the consideration of the British Public, would our learned friend mean to infer, from such a course of reasoning, that the Company is not " for the good of the Colony," and that it is likely to prove the bane of the Colony ? Is it fair to make such a deduction ? We will not insult the common sense of the Reader by replying. "The cry was, all for the good of the Colony," says our contemporary. If such truly were the fact, it was a cry that would ill recompense the pro- iectors of the Company in England, for it would be extremely hard indeed if the Colony should reap "ALL the good," and not allow some trifling remu- neration to go towards the encouragement of those enlightened men, whose " characteristic energies" had been so patriotically and substantially developed in the cause of the Colony generally. So far we acknowledge the Australian is correct---it is not "all for the good of the Colony," for we expect the Company will participate in the benefits of such efforts to promote the interests of our adopted soil. Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, though he was none of the firmest men in the world, was blessed with a considerable share of penetration, and highly gifted with acquired knowledge; and His Excellency was so justly conscious of the extreme importance that this Company would be to the Colony, that he de- clared " nothing would afford him more gratifica- tion than to become instrumental in promoting the patriotic and enlightened views of the Company." Let our contemporary demonstrate that their views are otherwise than patriotic and enlightened--- for we are now loo intimately acquainted with the Doc- tor to take any of his affirmations on trust---he has too often attempted to deceive us by his over- flow of legal verbosity. This calumniated Report further states, that " if the first experiments be conducted cautiously, and on a prudent and limited scale, no apprehensions are entertained but that the property of the Company will become of great value, and that the importance and character of the Colony, and its population, will be raised beyond what has ever yet been con- templated ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !" Why not advert to this passage, Mr. (we should say Dr.) Australian ! We all know here that Sir THOMAS BRISBANE was not on the most friendly terms with some of the Gentlemen in the Committee ---but Sir THOMAS was a Gentleman of too great candour, and possessed too much nobleness of soul, to allow his feelings to operate to the prejudice of his judgment; and therefore, despite of his private feelings as a man, and his political sentiments as a Governor, he ren- ders every justice to the Gentlemen constituting the Committee in New South Wales, by saying, "that be considers as the most favourable omen of the future well-being of the Company, the selection they have made of the Committee resident in the Colony, and concludes by heartily wishing the Company every success in their power, and that he must ever consider the Gentlemen as promoting the interest alike of the Government as of the Company !" Look over the Report again, Doctor, and try the effect of spectacles. But our contemporary would arouse the indigna- tion of the Public against this illustrious Company, because the Proprietors have thought proper, in attending to the welfare of the Colony, also to pay due attention to their own interests. Perhaps he would have them send us their money, and throw it into our lap, without daring to seek any thing in the shape of a return. This doctrine, however, must be first studied by the Australian Doctor, who sets the dustman a very bad example in this matter, only that the latter, in such affairs, imitates not the gen- tleman and the scholar. The Company has a grant of a million of acres, which is sanctioned by the Home Government ; and in order to " render the boundaries of the grant more complete and distinct," the Company is to have "any quantity of land which may be thought necessary" for that purpose. Why, this indul- gence is no more than that which has been ex- perienced by every holder of land in the Colony, and we have little doubt, were all the grants to be ac- curately defined, but some of our first agricul- turists would greatly suffer thereby---so little does our contemporary know of the subject on which he presumes to treat. We have already shewn upon what footing the Company are to have possession of our coal mines for 31 years. When the Public understand that coals have been exported from the Mother Country to Hindostan, it surely cannot be viewed as very injurious to Australia, which approximates so nearly to India as almost to form a junction of territory, to transform her coals into silver and gold, and the luxuries of the East. Our contemporary knew this was tender ground, and that it was too propitious a circumstance to be laughed at, even by him at whom every one laughs. But " His Majesty's Government have also agreed to grant to the Company leases of any other minerals which may be found in the Colony !" Cer- tainly, and nothing but justice too! Is there any absurdity in rewarding merit ? And, in the event of the Company making discoveries that will tend to raise Australia in the scale of national impor- tance, are not the instruments to be satisfied for their toil, risk, and assiduity? We only hope, that the Company may not merely fall in with abundant fields of coal, but that, they may also suc- ceed in exploring many mines of gold---so that the gold of Australia may even eclipse the celebrated treasures of Golconda. That the Company had a claim upon Government to make such selections of land as were unlocated, no one can reasonably dispute---since the private individual is anxious to procure the most choice spot for the favourable prosecution of his pursuits. It is useless, however, to carry out the subject, for all our Readers understand the drift of our contempo- rary in these reiterated attacks on the Agricultural Company, through the sides of which he levels his ridiculous artillery at that Gentleman whom he only suspects of having originated this Company, and with whom, we wish it to be explicitly understood, we have not the most remote communication on the subject, for our views lay claim to the merit of originality at least ; whether they will prove con- vincing is not for us to determine. One circumstance we must not omit to notice ere we close. It would be well for our Readers to re- collect, that in " AUGMENTING THE WORTH OF THE COMPANY'S ESTATES," the advancement of Australia, so far as limited wealth and respecta- bility can operate, will inevitably be secured upon a broad and permanent basis. " Too much grief, like too much joy, is very in- jurious , we will not, therefore, load our contempo- rary with any more exhilarating doses;" but reserve further appropriate and irresistible arguments for our next number. We have repeatedly asserted, and sufficiently , proved, that the Colony, even since the arrival of j His present EXCELLENCY among us, has beenad ! vanning in improvement with a rapidity unexampled i in the history of any other Colony ; and it becomes s our duty to record, on the present occasion, another Í eminent proof of this fact-we mean the publication j of the Australian twice- a-week. If lhere is suffi { cient encouragement to be found in such underta-" 'kings, it unequivocally goes to establish (however I meanly we, in common with the rest of the Colony, ' may think of the Australian) that the spirit of en j quiry, which is daily propelled by the enlightened ' mind of our Ruler will, as it has already done, tend still more extensively to enlarge our resources, and give an entirely new tone lo the public feeling. It has been said, by rather an antiquated writer whom we have every reason in the world to venerate, " Prove all things, and hold fast that which is good." This duty we are vastly fond of performing, as our Readers are well aware ; and we will, on the pre- sent occasion, do so for the benefit of our brother Editor, who has, in that part of our advice which J he adopted last Saturday, acted wisely for himself j and his Subscribers, viz. in reducing the price of \ his paper tonine-pence. This approach to docility \ on his part does not go without requital, as our f approval will do much in recommending him to the ] notice and patron?ge of hundreds, who otherwise I would never have befriended him, and surely this is Í a great reward for his first good behaviour. In speaking so far with a liberality which he would i likewise do well to imitate, we must render him another piece of service, by tolling him of his faults j -the principal mark we can give him of our couti I tilted good will-as we will not do so in that bitter \ and malicious strain which he unnecessarily prac l tises, and which he would do well to correct. In sayiug all this it will be seenj that " we have no vindictive feelings to satiate, no rancorous and unchristian-like passions to feed," and we would be glad if our contemporary could join with us in truly asserting, that " we do not become the rude disturber of the domestic circle, and of domestic happiness;" without descending to particulars he knows what we mean ; but should his recollection fail, we shall be proud of the honour of a call from the gentleman and the scholar, when we will exhibit to him a feie articles of rather a demo- niac complexion, from a certain file of papers now before us, 'yclept The Australian. . Our enraged contemporary says, that .« his labours have been liberally rewarded, so much so, that he finds no difficulty in making a very great reduction in the price both of the newspapers, and of the advertisements." Mark, Reader! He says " a very great reduction !" Our paper, which contains twenty columns, is sold for nine-pence ; his, which has no more than sixteen, he has always sold to the Public for one shilling, un:ii Saturday last, when, out of sheer gratitude, he took our advice, and reduced it to the same price with ours. We very much regret that the liberality of the Public does not admit of bira making his Journal as large as ours, nor of printing his extracts, &c.; on a. smaller type, in order to make room for one-third more matter to render it equal to the Gazette. We have been induced to make a calcu- lation in order to be correct on (his point, and we find that the Gazette contains 736 superficial inches on one side, that is, in two pages ; whereas the Australian only exhibits 507 inches, which leaves a balance in our favour of 229 inches ; therefore, if this be doubled, of the paper, the Gazette contains 1572 inches, whilst the Australian products only 1014, leaving a total balance in our favour of five hundred and fifty-eight inches ! Every number of our Journal thus is made to exhibit ONE-THIRD more, in poiut of size than the, Australian, for which is demanded the same, price as that we are inclined to ask at present for ours-but which we intend to reduce as soon as circumstances will possibly permit-so that owr Readers may have their favourite Journal in their hands at least thrice-a- week. We are sorry that the liberality of the Public does not allow him to pay more attention to the Editorial department ; but perhaps, poor man, the deficiency may lie in his understanding, and if so we cannot but regret that the Public should lose by his doltishness. He seems to possess one quality which fools have in common with some wise men we mean an ardent love of pelf ; but we will let that pass, as we are too good-natured lo be personal. We must congratulate the merchants, traders, and other adventurers, on the great sacrifice the Aus- tralian is making in their favour. Suppose, for example, that a pretty longish advertisement costs 10s. for one insertion, why he will insert it three times for 30s. for as one is to 10s. so is three to 30s. This he says-the Australian, we mean-and the Australian is not only a grateful but an honourable man, ergo, we must believe him-" this," he says, "is an actual reduction of SIXTY PER CENT." (but. alas! the reduction is only in the small capital letters !) It will be necessary to no- tice that the majority of advertisers do not adver- tise more than thrice, therefore for such there can be no possible, gain, but on the contrary he causes them to pay, for the paper and advertisements, look- ing at the difference of size, at the rate of 70 per cent, more (han is charged by us ; whilst uumbers j of his advertisers, who are his subscribers, aud who ! advertise six times, have to pay at the rate of 25 | per cent, more than our advertising subscribers ! !! I But let us, for an instant, unravel the cunning and craft of this learned man. For every second in- sertion, we charge half price. For every second insertion, he charges full price. He says that every fourth and fifth insertion will appear gratis. Now, then, for the mystery. If he should insert an advertisement the four! h lime, it only comes up to our second insertion, and therefore is then the same price as ours ; but should he insert an advertisement (hefifth time, we grant that such a favour would be half gratis, but will not our contemporary take good care (o arrogate to himself the liberty of insert- ing it thcsi.t//¿ time, which still brings it to our terms ? -and, as no doubfhe will, in nine cases out of ten, verge into the seventh time, then, the duped adver- tiser pays dearly forour learned friend's liberality whilst it is to be remarked, that, for all the adver itisements he may insert n fourth time, without going into the sixth, he compels ordinary adver . tisera to pixy full price every second insertion I which must advance his advertising fund, at the very least, seventy-five per cent ! ! ! We would gladly come doicn lo the liberal terms of our con- temporary, were it not that he might perchance fall in with a brief at our expense, in prosecuting us for extortion. We have anolher shot or two in the locker, that we will reserve for our contemporary's explanation, which he is bound lo give in justice to that Ptibiic by which he is supported; but we cannot avoid re- marking, that this is reducing matters with a witness, and shows gratitude to boot, to that Com- munity, who, they say, have ** so liberally re- warded their labours." Bah ! s The School of Industry is in a state of much greater forwardness than we anticipated. Being given to understand that a sum of not less than £1,000 a year would be required to sustain the Institution, we were rather apprehensive the season might possibly be procrastinated when operations would commence; but having been credibly informed, that, with the opportune aid of the Colonial Government, £300 or £400, at most, will accomplish the beneficent pro- ject, we hasten to communicate the pleasing intelli- gence, because many of our kind-hearted ladies and gentlemen will not be able to subscribe if they do not step forward with alacrity, and we know that many have suffered their timidity to get the better of their godlike charity, merely from the consideration that it would be quite in time if they filled up the list- therefore, we trust, for the sake of our cur- rency lasses, that this intimation will act as a sti- mulus to conquer backwardness in one of the noblest causes, and especially when it is so illustriously and zealously patronized. The intended school-house will be prepared with all speed. The Institution has been very fortunate in meeting with a matron in every way qualified for the office, having only very recently arrived in the Country from Europe, where she had been previously engaged similarly though upon a much more ex- tended scale. It is conjectured that the expense of each girl will not exceed £12 per annum, for economy will not only be strictly observed, but what is more the inmates of the Institution will soon be reared to such industrious habits, as to lessen the burden of the expense. Many applicants have come forward soliciting that children might be permitted to be received into the Institution as boarders, which in- deed satisfactorily demonstrates that the design meets with universal approbation. We shall have real pleasure in announcing the opening of the Institution. The Entertainment that enlivened Ultimo-house, the seat of Chief Justice STEPHEN, on the evening of Saturday last, was attended by a very gay and brilliant Assemblage. A select Party, in number about 20, sat down at the usual hour to a sumptuous dinner ; and, in the course of the evening, nearly 40 Ladies and Gentlemen were ushered into the ball-room, which was occupied until the close ap- proach of the Sabbath-morn bade the elated groupe disperse for more solemn duties. The contemplated Monitor, from what we can glean, has made The Australian quite sick ; indeed, the indisposition is of so sudden and alarming a cha-, rae ter- though our contemporary seems tp have been affected ever since his birth with the liver complaint--that his most intimate friends fearfully anticipate, in the event of the Monitor proving a healthy scion, that the Australian will then give up the ghost. As soon as we hear that the breath is out of the body, without waiting for St. Philip's knell, we promise to go into ¡fitll black--out of respect for departed worth. The Monitor will not, as some people expect, be a vehicle of a//-work, but it will assuredly be Hall's work. We have now before us the sprig of a peach- tree, plucked from Sir John Jamison's garden in town, which bears a most beautiful blossom ; we *may therefore calculate on peaches being in season in the depth of winter, as well as in midsummer. What an odd Conntry is this same Australia for fhildren, fruit, moschcttoes, and newspapers ! The John Dunn and the Lang had lafely reached Hobart Town. The Saint Patrick, Captain Dillon, wa« lying in the River Thames, when the Larne called., He was shipping spars for Calcutta, and is not coming here. The Ann (whaler) was at the Bay of Islands, being Only four monihs from England. The Kent was also lying there willi a full cargo, and on the eve of sailing for England : one of her men wai in irons for the murder of a fellow seaman. The Prudent, Emily, and Vansittart were also lying at the Bay of Islands; together with the Prince Regent (schooner). The Larne experienced very tempestuous weather off the coast the night before she arrived. Captain KINGCOMBE was determined to land on Norfolk Island, and in the attempt in which he providentially succeeded, the boat was swamped, but no lives were lost. Capt K. was accompanied by Lieut. DOBSON, Mr. Midshipman Webb, and Mr. Frazier, Colonial Botanist (who has returned to Sydney). Before they were aware of the swell, in making for Anson's Cove, the boat was within its influence. The first sea half filled the boat; the second completely filled her; and the third swell washed all on shore. Assistance was dispatched from the ship lying off, but no boat dared approach near enough to effect any aid. Captain Kingcombe, therefore, with Messrs. Dobson and Webb, plunged into the surf and waded through it, at the risk of their lives, to the boats that were in waiting --- leaving Mr. Frazier, and the crew, to make themselves as comfortable as they could for the night. The ship not being in sight the fol- lowing morning, Mr. Frazier and his party encountered the terrific cliffs, and succeeded in exploring their way to King- ston, the capital of Norfolk Island. To Major Turton, the Commandant, every commendation is due, for the amusing progress he has effected in the public works since his com- mand. The little island assumes no other feature than that of tranquillity and prosperity, and daily gives additional proof of the wisdom of the Government in once more turning their attention to a dependency that should never have been eva- cuated. The guava, orange, citron, fig, &c.; &c.; are growing in all parts of the island. The sugar rune is nearly destroyed by the swine that were, for a number of years, the only lords of the soil. Time will not allow us to say more at present. The new Commandant, with his party, who sailed from here some weeks ago on the Isabella, had not arrived. Staff Assistant Surgeon WOOD, M. D. we are given to understand has left town for Parramatta, with directions to take medical charge of the mili- tary detachment in thal district. The Post Office, upon the new and i m proved, plan, we are happy to understand is likely to be in opera- tion within the short period of a mouth. Some of the Proprietors of the Bunk of New South Wales, it appears, are selling out by auction. The other day shares were fetching £75 and ¿80; we much question if they will go so high by public sale, though they may be as valuable. It is reported that the Reverend Mr. MIDDLE- TON, Assistant Chaplain at Newcastle, haa-received instructions not to leave the Settlement without permission being first had and obtained of the Commandant. We hope the day is not far distant when all our dependencies, and among the rest Pat terson's-plains, Moreton-bay, Port Macquarie, and Norfolk Island, will be supplied with Evangelical Clergymen, of which the capital and principal towns can make their boast. We are quite satisfied that the present Government will not only acknow I ledge the necessity that exists for every penal set- tlement being supplied with Ministers, but, also exert its influence in promoting an object so de- sirable. The Reverend Mr. WALKER, and Mrs. WALKER, have resigned the offices of Master and Matron of the Female Orphan Institution. Vast improvements have been effected in the morals and condition of the children, since Mr. and Mrs. WALKER were introduced to the Institution by the late GOVER- NOR. Rumour proclaims, that the Venerable the ARCHDEACON has nominated the Reverend Mr. KEAN to the Mastership, pro tempore. Of this we are glad, for we have no doubt, thal competent parties will be chosen to so responsible a trust. We are convinced that none but such will meet with the confirmation of His EXCELLENCY. The Parramatta Quarter Sessions opened-yester- day in that Town. As our Supreme Court Reporter was in attendance, we shall give the most interes- ting trials in Saturday's Gazette. By a recent calculation, which we will prove to any one sceptically inclined in the matter, we print seventeen and a half papers more than the Austra- lian in the course of the year, which is equal to five quarters-so that our Patrons have more than three months news over and above that which they wou'd have if they patronized our contemporary. Dr. Priest died at Launctston ou the 18th tilt. Had he submitted to tit« amputation of his leg above lfye knee, his existence would have been certain. The Tasmanian monster, Jefferies, together with the desperadoes, Brady, Bryant, Goodwin, and Perry, were all conveyed from Launceston to Hobart Town on the Prince Leopold. Mr. Batman, an Australian, and a very respect- able settler on the South Esk on the Port Dalrym- ple side, was the individual so fortunate as to secure Brady. The Cape Packet was lying in the Derwent Ri- ver when the Larne called." Captain Kellie's trial, for shooting al Valentine Hobbs, one of his seamen, commenced the 23d ulr. The Court was occupied from ten in the morning till eight in the evening, when the witnesses on the prosecution not having been all examined, the Court adjourned till the25th. None of the particulars are published in ei her of the papers. Rub-a-dub has been at his old pranks of con- verting truth into lies. We will expose this foul mouthed Mahometan as soon as we can snatch five minutes' leisure. The Colonial Times seems to feel sorely that the Government and Geueral Orders, the Acts of Couu* eil, &c.; are no1 forwarded to that anti- constitutional Journal for insertion. Colonel ARTHUR not only treats this Times with justice, but we are glad to see also protects the rights of the Hobart Town Gazette from invasion. The case of John Laurie, who has been lately transported . for seven years, under peculiar eil cn instances, affords another sad proof of the instability of human affairs. Notmauy year« ngo this unfortunate man was possessed of thousands of pounds, and was held in universal estimation nu an honest, indttstiiotis, and uudisstpated citizen- but now he is subjec- ted to a melancholy reverse of foi tune. Did »e not think bia case rattier out of the common order of offences, we sboald have abstained from saying any thing about him; but it strikes us that his offence originated in an anxiety to get with- out the pale of his crediton. ' ' Shungie, the renowned sanguinary warrior, and chief at New Zealand, had visited, the River Thames, and succeeded in carrying off the field of battle 180 heads ! The women and children were indiscriminately slaughtered ; and the former, who were far advanced in pregnancy, had their bel- lies ripped up, and the children dashed to atoms! Such is the state of the heathen nations, even in our day ! How much does it behove the Christian world more strenu- ously than ever to propagate that Cause which alone can remove such abominations ? While they shed each others' blood, Christians should weep blood in their behalf, in order that the blessings of Christianity might more speedily be imparted- since, eveu for these creatures, the [?] tide of the ALMIGHTY'S SON was liberally poured [?]! 