AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. For the political and other discussions of this Journal, the Government is wholly irresponsible, as well as quite unconnected---that department being entirely at the individual discretion of the Editor. "The British Ministry, we should imagine, will not overlook Van Diemen's Land in the work of improvement which they are promoting in many of the Colonies, and it is highly probable that the Lieutenant Governor of the sister Colony is hoking forward, with some degree of certainty, to a CHANGE." Such is the insidious winding up, in the last Australian, of an article that is written under the mask of proffering advice to "writers home," but wholly with the view of panegyrizing the miserable Colonial Times, at the expense of a Government that should long since have crushed the hydra-headed monster with that power which we are satisfied Colonel ARTHUR possesses in his own hands. Yes! we iterate the fact, that His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor of Van Die- men's Land might have suppressed the publication of that political incendiary, had he only thought proper to have stretched out the arm of power, which advices from the Mother Country have in- structed him to do—but Colonel ARTHUR has de- monstrated his love of the Liberty of the Press at the expense of his domestic repose, and to the entire sacrifice of his happiness as a public character. We, indeed, should have a poor opi- nion of the British Ministry if they were to pay the smallest attention to productions that grace the Colonial Times, or its satellite, the Australian, though there is a degree of caution and timidity about the latter, which can only be accounted for on the ground that those concerned are immoderately fond of pelf, owing to which a certain fearfulness and trembling---a shivering and shaking---is con- tinually developed, that only allows of such an ex- planation. The Colonial Times, on the contrary, is conducted by parties whose prime ambition is to be notorious, and the manner in which that notoriety is to be attained is never considered worth a thought, which puts us in mind of the monster Jefferies of Van Diemen's Land---the murderer of infants--- who seems to have been prompted in all his excesses by a thirst for celebrity after death. The Colonial Times sticks at nothing, for the writers of that political vehicle are determined to dash through thick and thin; and this is the paper that "speaks truths which cannot be con- tradicted!" Why, the writer, who could unblush- ingly make such an assertion, is entitled to the rank in society of a maniac, unless he conjectures that the Public are all madmen. "The public, and for the most part correct, remarks of the Colonial Times, will supersede all underhand 'writings home.'" Granted, people may come to the conclusion that it is of little utility "writing home," when so many engines are at work to spread disaffection, and counteract truth; but the Colonial Times and the Australian conjoined, are unable to prevent the SYDNEY GAZETTE from declaring THE TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND NO- THING BUT THE TRUTH, and thus rendering justice to the insulted and vilified Government of the sister Colony! The Doctor and the Captain, with all their underlings, will not be able to silence us in the prosecution of that line of duty, in which we will uniformly abide while we have a pen to wield a mind to reflect---and a press to govern. These Journals, we mean the Colonial Times and the Australian---poor conceited and empty productions as they are!---would fain make the world believe that they are calculated to influence public opinion, and give a tone to public sentiment; but can either of them pretend to say that they are the voice of the people? The contrary is too well established, even for the Colonial Times or the Australian to dare to assert as a fact. They are unacquainted with vox populi, and the Colonial Times writes particularly, not for the people, but for himself---the scribblers of that Journal have self continually in view, and so far do they give a tone to public opinion. We fear that the bushranging fraternity have too seriously been influenced by the spirit of that in- dependent paper, for we are credibly informed that a great diminution in the subscription list will be experienced now that Brady and his gang are cap- tured; but we have never heard whether the bushrangers of Australia have subscribed to the Australian, indeed we think there has never been any thing of sufficient interest for them to bestow their patronage--- besides our "men of the wood" possess a little more reflection than to be gulled into insufferable long leaders, which none but a few law- yers can comprehend, and with law they have no wish to be connected, until eventually they become exalted. The Colonial Times, however, we are significantly told, "will" not only "supersede all underhand 'writings home,'" but also "meet from the British Ministry much more attention than any private letters, however much the accu- racy of them may be vouched for, or whatever precaution may be taken to authenticate them." Did any one ever read such impertinence and ab- surdity? In the first place, it is impertinent to make such a declaration; and secondly, it clearly shews to what a pitch human depravity has arrived, when the world is given to understand that the Bri- tish Ministry will pay more attention---much more attention---to the Colonial Times (and we suppose the Australian) than to any private letters (official documents of course!) however much the accu- racy of them may be vouched for, or whatever precaution may be taken to authenticate them.'' In plain terms this is letting us know that error shall preponderate with the British Ministry, and that the grossest falsehoods must, as a matter of necessity, totally eclipse the splendour and ra- diancy of celestial truth. It matters not, Colonel ARTHUR, how strongly your vouchers are authen- ticated--- it is quite useless for you to afford proper explanations to the British Cabinet of the gross im- propriety of a few of the worst men that ever disgraced any Community---inasmuch as whatever may be your precaution, the lies and effrontery of the Colonial Times shall prevail, not only to your confusion, but also to the dismay of all the loyal subjects over whom His MAJESTY has been graciously pleased to place you as the Ruler! We are sorry for the pitiable plight to which your Government is re- duced, but the business is all settled-since it is the irreversible decree of the OVERPOWERING Australian---we mean the independent Journal of New South Wales, that has learned men, aye, gentlemen and scholars, for its proprietors, edi- tors, conductors, printers, &c.; &c.; &c.; But, thank Heaven! the Throne of the Great Eternal will recede, before TRUTH, by which it is alone supported, shall yield the slightest iota of ground; therefore, however malignantly the Australian may predict that error shall prevail over truth, which our contemporary so unequivocally asserts, we know that the contrary is the fact, and so does the Sunday-school pupil of 5 years old! Such an article only exhibits another specimen of the wonderful acumen of our contemporary---he may boast of his gentility and scholastic acquirements, but it is evi- dent that he is very ignorant of the doctrines of that Book which he had better commence studying, for with all our contempt of his public and political career, as a vender of news, we shall not carry our displeasure beyond the grave. The man who can prostitute his talents to the perversion of truth, and thus attempt, insidiously to undermine governments, because those governments are necessarily opposed to vices which too awfully characterized former administrations, is far from being a blessing to the community of which he constitutes a member:---whether the case will apply to the Colonial Times, or the Aus- tralian, or both, we will leave those most interested to pronounce, and we hope they will give righteous judgment, even if the point be against themselves. "The Colonial Times exposes, in a masterly man- ner, all the mistakes of an unfortunate and unpo- pular Administration!" The Government of the sister Colony is unfortunate in thy estimation, Mr. Australian, on account of a certain squabble that occurred in the Secretary's Office at Hobart Town, whilst the Alfred lay there in the middle of 1824, when some of the public functionaries, and even the Lieutenant Governor himself, was grossly insulted by men, who are now nick-named the gen- tlemen and the scholars; and, as for the unpopu- larity of Colonel ARTHUR'S Administration, it is unpopular with the Colonial Times, ergo, it must be unpopular with the people! But this is not the fact; for there is no one, in either of the Colonies, who is a lover of concord, and at all anxious for "the peace, welfare, and good government of the Co- lony," that does not execrate the Colonial Times, and would equally detest its Australian rival for the like celebrity, were its columns as gross ---but thanks be to the Gazette, we keep the latter paper in tolerably good order, though it is at the expense of narrow watching, and close looking after. For the present we must hasten to a close, but we intend to drub these people by fair reasoning, and irresistible truth, whenever they throw them- selves in our way, with the view of annoying the Colonial Governments. Once for all, we must tell them, whatever the Hobart Town Gazette may do, that we shall invariably continue to adhere to the Administration of the sister Colony, for we be- lieve that amore estimable character, either in pub- lic or private life, has never existed than the self-same calumniated Colonel ARTHUR, who ranks with His Excellency Lieutenant General DARLING, the late Governor in Chief, inasmuch as each has proved himself, in various quarters of the globe, THE FRIEND OF THE SLAVE! With our contemporary, "we should imagine that the British Ministry will not overlook Van Diemen's Land in the work of improvement which they are promoting in many of the Colonies (then it is admitted they have already promoted improvement in the sister Colony); and it is highly probable that the Lieutenant Governor of the sister Colony is looking with some degree of certainty to a CHANGE"---a CHANGE of sentiments that are in future to be advanced under the sacred banners of the Freedom of the Press, which alone will abolish all party feuds, and destroy threatened intestine commotions. "THE ALMORAH IS OFF."---Intelligence has once more reached us of this celebrated ship by the John Shore via Batavia, Captain Rees brings no Calcutta Papers, having given them all over to his agents at Batavia, who never returned them. We have, however, succeeded in ascertaining that the anomalous affair had come under the consideration of the Court of Admiralty in Calcutta, and that a divi- sion of opinion among the legal fraternity was con- sequent upon such investigation. She was not con- demned when the John Shore left Calcutta, which was early in November; but it was rumoured that the cargo, which was of a perishable kind, would be disposed of by consent of parties; and that the transaction, in all its unprecedented ramifications, was to be referred to England, by consent of Coun- sel and not by appeal, as the late advices say that no decision had been given; and had any decision been awarded unfavourable to the Government, Mr. Goodsir, the Deputy Assistant Commissary General from this Colony, would immediately have obeyed his instructions,by instituting an appeal; but as no appeal was made, no decision had been awarded, from which we argue that the Almorah is not so desperately situated as some would hope; and, were inclined to prophecy, we should augur that the tables would be reversed, to the sad discomfiture of those most deeply involved in that never-to-be-for- gotten business. Previous to the Larne visiting this situation, she had captured, in the Indian seas, pro tempore, an American brig, named the Governor Andycott, under the impression that she was trading contrary to the Act of Parliament in that case made and pro- vided. This case also was under the consideration of the Admiralty Court in Calcutta, but there was not a shadow of hope for the seizers, it being the universal opinion she would have to be restored, with immense damages. Lord AMHERST, the almost new Governor Gene- ral of India, is said to be exceedingly unpopular in his Government. We give this as mere rumour; adding at the same time, however, that the causes assigned for the alleged unpopularity of His Lord- ship, arises out of the protracted Burmese war, to which there appeared no more hope of a speedy or successful termination than when it was commenced; indeed, in the early stage of the contest, it was con- fidently anticipated that the whole of the Burmese territory would soon yield to the combined powers of the British and Native forces. Yet, for all this, the Governor General may be as free from any good cause of unpopularity as the Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land. We shall always be very slow in giving credence to sentiments that are ad- vanced to the prejudice of Governors or Govern- ments---though we will never support an ignoble and unsound Administration. A Gentleman, who shall be nameless, some few weeks ago, perhaps three months, observed to a friend, "You will not be surprised, if, in a short time, I should change my political sentiments!!" At this the friend was astonished, and was looking for- ward daily for the change. Accordingly a kind of trimming was maintained for some weeks, but not being found to take, the weathercock politician re- turned to his old course and his old ways, from which, however, the prior man will be altogether driven by a young Monitor that has recently been imported in the shape of an Old Emigrant. The costly and attractive addition to the Waterloo stores was completed on the evening of Saturday last, so far as raising the walls may be considered a completion. Without exception this is the finest edifice of the kind in Australia. It is rumoured, upon pretty good authority, that the Government are about to part, not only with all their sheep, as well as the valuable residue of horned cattle, but also that it is the intention of His Ex- cellency the GOVERNOR to direct that all the Crown lands, those which have been cultivated, and long retained as agricultural and other establishments, may be disposed of forthwith. In the event of our information being correct, this is what must meet with the universal approbation of the Colonists, as it affords another unequivocal proof, in spite of the inuendoes thrown out by certain disaffected and in- congruous parties, that the present Administration is determined to call forth the energies of the Co- lonists, by giving them every possible opportunity to realize, to the fullest extent, those golden pros- pects which the world, and especially the Mother Country, already entertains of her distant daughter, AUSTRALIA. We are aware some will say that this is only a piece of finesse to throw the choice land of the Colony into the hands of certain individuals, but it is of little moment what such people will ad- vance, inasmuch as those concerned are satisfied that their good word is so little to be valued, that their ill-will is not worth a moment's consideration. In the event of the Crown lands being put up to the hammer, there is no lack of monied men in the Country, and such a sale would create no ordinary contest amongst the Australian nabobs. Upon looking over the manifest of the cargo im- ported on the John Shore, from Batavia, our Readers will be as displeased as ourselves in finding that 400 barrels of pork and beef, and 800 barrels of flour, have thus been introduced to the Colonial market. Though this part of the cargo is con- signed to the respectable house of ASPINALL and BROWNE, we are convinced that there are no Colo- nists more averse to such importations than the Gentlemen connected with that firm. We are aware that the present Government will never travel out of its proper path to ensure supplies of this description, and it certainly should become a serious matter with the Colonial merchants not to afford encouragement to such speculations, because, in doing so, the interests of the Australian agricul- turist and grazier are most materially involved. The laudable efforts of the Australian Agricultural Company will soon abolish all similar importations on the part of foreign merchants. The Australian, of the 5th instant, in a long commentary on the Act relative to Licensed Vic- tuallers, contains the following singular perversion, in our opinion, of the plain spirit of that Act:--- "What prevention is there in existence against the consequences of tippling, and drinking, and gaming on Sunday, or any other day, when the publican has paid the penalty of, or been sued upon his, bond. The Magistrate cannot again sue on this bond, he cannot exact penalties which the Act does not au- thorise, &c.; The publican, therefore, is perfectly lawless, he is under no restriction whatever, and the Colony is subject to all the disturbances and riots which excited passions may induce." If this is not the most perfect specimen of legal torture, we do not know what is; but the simple and un- equivocal language of the 17th clause furnishes a sufficient refutation of this new-fangled doctrine of the Australian, and lays the Doctor once more flat on his back, when "it is enacted that it shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace, in a summary way, to take cognizance of any com- plaint made against any person or persons licensed to keep a public-house," &c.; "for suffering any person to become drunk AT ANY TIME," &c.; that is, upon any and every occasion. We would not have noticed the subject, which we think is thread- bare, were it not that we supposed the legal opi- nions of the Australian, which are delivered with so much confidence, might tend to involve the pub- licans in new fines and law-suits without end, which is the very object at which some casuists aim. We have discharged our duty in warning them, and trust they will fulfil theirs, in exercising common sense, and in adhering to what is right. The Ghost and the Mahometan have shaken hands. "Fowls of a feather" says the proverb. "Timber to timber," said a wise man, when he ap- plied a piece of wood to a fool's head; and like master like man," say we, while the tide of life is gurgling joyously round our editorial heart. They seem now to go snacks with each other in compli- mentary puffs. Mustapha calls the Australian "the dignified Journal," writing all the while to the ghost to return the compliment, who, by a nod and leer, advises him to puff away, and he will throw him a sop every time his literary stew-pan is in requisi- tion. Then Rum-bottle and the ghost, the one with arms a-kimbo, and the other with his knuckles fixed on his haunches, begin merrily to puff and blow in each other's faces, no doubt to the great edification of their Readers, while we are like to split our sides with laughter at hearing the ghost screaming "who's like us?" and the hoarse voice of Mustapha issuing from between his mustachios, "We two fine fellows the season has sent forth!" The long communication, signed "John Laurie," which appeared in the columns of our contemporary on Saturday morning last, was most certainly "re- fused insertion in this Paper," from motives of pure benevolence towards the wife and family of the un- fortunate man, notwithstanding we were offered pay- ment for its insertion---but any thing cannot obtain insertion in our columns, no, not even for gold. Reporters are not obliged to give all the pros and cons of any trial, particularly when the record of conviction is consequent on the proceedings of a Court of Justice. Even if there are occasional errors in a report, it is of little moment when the party is condemned; and it was from the conviction that such an alleged emendation of our report could not alter the judgment of the Supreme Court, that we refused to comply with reiterated intreaties re- garding its insertion, and in order to shew the un- fortunate man whom it affects, that we do not attend to his request from any unkind feeling, we inserted a paragraph with the view of exciting some degree of commiseration in his behalf from THOSE whose dis- tinguished province it is to exercise mercy. However, our contemporary felt more interested than we did--- he inserted the letter, and pocketed the dumps! But what effect will this expose of our alleged "omissions" and "errors" produce? Our con- temporary may possibly answer the question. The case that occupied the attention of the Supreme Court on Monday last, wherein a Mr. Wm. Merritt was plaintiff, and Capt. Kenn, of the Wm. Shand, defendant, at least enforces caution. The Honorable Mr. M'ARTHUR sends home, by the Mangles, a most splendid and extensive assort- ment of wools, exclusively the produce of his own invaluable flocks. Report says that the number is not far short of 100 bales. Cooper and Levey ship a great quantity on their own account. In 8 or 10 years more we shall be able to send home a ship regularly every month, with nothing but wool for her cargo. "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA!" The Scots Church, we are happy to say, is in such a state of forwardness as to diffuse the hope that Divine Service will be performed within its walls within a couple of mouths. From the eligi- bility of the site, and the neatness of the struc- ture, the Scots Church disputes the palm for excel- lence with many of the buildings in the capital. From what we can glean The Monitor will make his debut on the Australian stage about the end of the present month. The Australian is in such a fever, that he has not been able to write a sentence upon the subject, which might be construed into congratulations on the auspicious event. But we fear the birth of one contemporary will prove the death of the other ; and then we'll go to the funeral. Captain Rees, of the ship John Shore, informs us that we may look for the arrival of the Prince Re gent, from Calcutta, in the course of a very few weeks, with a cargo of those valuables which the Colony principally needs. The Prince Regent be- longs to JONES and WALKER, Relative to the report that was afloat a few days back, which stated that a certain legal Gentleman was about matrimonially encountering a fair spinster from Europe, we are now called upon to contradict such statement, as it was only a rumour; and we, are authorised to state, that the learned Gentleman will prosecute any one for libel who will continue to fulminate such foul slanders to the prejudice of himself, or those connected with him. Really this is a shocking slanderous country, for between tit- tle-tattling and moschettoes there's scarcely any sleep to be had. Mr. Solomon Levey has announced his intended departure on the Mangles, which fine ship has been chartered by his splendidly established firm of COOPER and LEVEY. Mr. Levey, it appears, pur- poses to return in about two years at furthest, when we anticipate he will introduce with him a capital in good old English money, of £50,000 or £75,000! We have known many astonishing men to arise in this Colony, but Mr. Levey is one of those enter- prising characters that has eclipsed not a few. We wish him cordial success and shall gladly hail his return. The Gannet, a small vessel belonging to Mr. Thomas Street, was attempted to be run off with by a gang of prisoners a few nights ago, while lying off Nobby's Island, in Hunter's River. About midnight the vessel was boarded by a boat full of men, who reported that the pilot was on board to take her out. As soon as they gained the deck, the fellows presented bayonets to the breasts of the crew, and put them all below. After keeping pos- session of the vessel 5 hours, they were obliged to abandon their prize, and retake to the boat, there not being a breath of wind to carry them to sea. No discovery of the parties had taken place. Several applications having been made in re- ference to the Poems of AUSTRALIA'S Bard (Mr. C. Thompson, jun.) we are obliged to state, that the fault---if there be any---lies with the printer, since the MSS. have been in the Gazette Office upwards of a month, but the typography has unfortunately been hitherto delayed in consequence of the press of every-day work that flows in from the various in- creasing public departments. However, we pro- mise, on the part of the printer, that no unneces- sary delay will be observed---as it must be too well known that it is a real pleasure with us to "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA". In reference to a letter signed "IGNOTUS," in the last Australian, we are authorised to state that the pilferage, of which he complains, as being "committed on the wharf by the children of persons on the Rocks," is totally unfounded. Besides, it is a well-attested fact, that the youth of the Colony are remarkable for their aversion to such propensities; and it ill becomes the Australian to allow the cha- racters of the rising race to be aspersed. We are authorised to state, that Dr. Wardell did not write the late successful petition to His excel- lency the GOVERNOR upon the subject of the Li- censing Act, but that it was Mr. Edward Smith Hall, the Doctor's intended competitor. We by no means wish to infer that Dr. Wardell could not have computed so talented a production—because, with a little study, we think he might have completed such a task---and, moreover, upon mature reflection, we always considered he had tact sufficient for this species of arduousness, though some illiberal- minded people may surmise other things; but never mind, brother, pursue the path of duty, reckless of those snarling curs, who are only envious at thy editorial prosperity! A CASE of DISTRESS.---On Saturday evening last a poor and industrious man, named James Car- roll, died almost suddenly, leaving a wife and eight children to deplore the loss of an only parent that could contribute to their support, as the mother is unfortunately a poor helpless creature. The oldest child is not 9 years old. Several gentlemen and praise-worthy individuals have contributed a few pounds to answer present exigencies; but should any ladies, gentlemen, and other respectable and beneficent individuals, feel their sympathy excited, subscriptions will be gratefully received and only acknowledged at the GAZETTE OFFICE. CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED. W. W. . . £15 0 I Mr. Solomon Levey 1 0 0 Mr. A. Coss . 0 10 0 Mr. Wm. Long . 0 10 0 Mr. Faircloth . 0 5 0 Mr. Boyd . 0 10 0 W. Templeton . 0 10 0 James Bloodsworth 0 5 0 W. Bart . . 0 5 0 Mr S. Terry . 0 5 0 Captain Beveridge 0 10 0 J. G. . . 0 2 6 Wm. Harding . 0 2 6 R. Jones, Esq. . 2 0 0 Mr. Joseph Moore 1 0 0 Mr. Thos. Walker 1 0 0 Mr. J. Hodges, Mas- ter brig Lynx . 1 0 0 Mr. Haggarty, First Officer Toward Cas- tle . . . 0 5 0 Mr. Symmons, 2d do. ditto . . . 0 5 0 Wm. Johnson, car- penter, ditto . 0 5 0 George Atherdon 0 5 0 Mr P. Webster, First | Wm. Forster . 0 5 0 Officer brig Lynx 0 5 0 | Archibald Buchanan 0 5 0 Mr. G. Grimes, First | Michael Connor . 0 5 0 Officer Pocklington 0 5 0 | Thomas Russel . 0 5 0 Geo. Carr, carpenter 0 5 0 | John Tardy . 0 5 0 Wm. Fielder, ditto 0 5 0 | James Gordon . 0 5 0 George Peate, ditto 0 5 | George Falkner 0 5 0 Thos. Watkins, ditto 0 5 0 | John Bishop . 0 5 0 Somerville, ditto 0 5 0 | Robert Hourston 010 0 James Watson, ditto 0 5 0 | Charles Faircloth 0 2 6 Lewis, ditto 0 5 0 | Mr. Munn . 0 5 0 George, ditto 0 5 0| Mr. Cooper 0 5 0 Jacob Pester, ditto 0 5 | George Bloodworth 0 5 6 Argent Carr . 0 10 0 | Wm Clark . 0 2 6 Mr. D. Cooper . 1 0 0 | W. Phillips . 0 5 0 Mrs. R. Howe . 1 0 0 | John Coleman . 0 5 0 Mr. Jos. Underwood 1 0 0 | Richard Manuel 0 5 0 