ENGLISH EXTRACTS. FROM THF INDIANA INQUIRRIT - Samuel Fields bid been convicted of the critin of mu dei, and sentenced bj the Court to be executed on 11 id iy last, the 27th of M iy , ihe Sh« i id «if this county, pinsiiint to the sentence of the Comt, at »bout 12 o'clock, opened the pi ison door, and exhibit« d to public view one of the most iivful spectacles the human eie could have billilli- -it ivis Tulds Ile was lifttd hy four or five men up in i pi it foi in elected on i willigon, and sentid in n recumbent chair, which ii is consul« red neccssiri on ac- count of Ins bodily debility A piocessinn uns funned, and the ungiruiHi «hove ton nils the place prtpirtd for his ixeciition He ii is el id in uhitc, the usu ii habiliment 1 he «Id ni in, nilli siiou uliiti licks, mid n countenance th it had lost its « xpiessiou ni w11 ii kies, ii hose uiuuh liime li id been visittd bj eijrhtv six imitéis, and ivhost c indie of life was 311st llickeiin" out, w,is conducted through a syinpnthttic throng' of thons mils to the ¿.allons Heit he 11 is halted in the midst of three ni foin thousand people, who assembled to witness the solemn scene 'I lie Rev Augustus Jocelj n rose mid delivered nil eloquent and ippropnatt sirmoii, md linn st ited that be li id fre- quently «omeiscd mt 1 the old man durnifr Ins confinement, «md tint he lind ilwajs found bim truly penitent Some will adapted run irks ueic m ide by the RCT MI -, ind Di- vine ¡service u is then concl ided The isherift told tht pn »oner " he had but tnenti three minutes to live " At this time nil was in r« idiuess to suspend the old man, llic rop being round his neck ind in ult fist to the ¿allows j very etc ?was riveted on the iiufoilunate nhpet 111 hit nhless expíela lion At this crisis nimble filling peividcd the nhuleas nenihlv- the impulse ot liuuiiiiitv ivis visibly depicted in almost every f tee «Tien nt tins moment, the numerous multitude tichela in Fit Ids' nil thnt u is eli ir-ieteiistie of n lit UP, pitnolic, ind nellie ofliei r of the ?« v iliitiuii, nuda man w bo lind fought and bled ni support of our institutions, nuil bail wasted tim Ho» i r of j until ni conquering ind dispillin^ the «nrnnes of our com ni in cnunttv, and »bo, for tin fust time in so long- a life, bad been ti irj.t«l willi trune - Im cid liv human iiilho nt} to i\ peet nulling but to meet Ins God' No pmdiuuig power »ns known to In present, willing to liileipose be tween the» At this cnticil jil ctuie, just is the Sheriff wns ibont to perfo ni Ins dun, Ins I \celknc\ J unes Ü Uiy, icttnj- Go Ternoi of the state of 1 nil i inn, ippiuitd, mil uildttssid the pris-oi ei in woids to the following purpoit " ¡s. mini Fnlds1 You b ive bien tonvicttd ol the crime of inurdirhv II July of vour cnuntrv, mid sentenced bv the Court ti lit executed on tins d u Your I ist hour is just ex pu ni_r Y ou linvi pet it Hitit «' th« onlv liiinuin nutliorilv on em ih l hat his tlower to sme joitj to pi runt \on to live \ oin petition lins neil leceuid wilgi td, mid investigan «I ^ our whole casi lins bien examined mid niitured lu ni iking this ipi i ii, jon linvr imp ised ilpili mc the 11 rforiinui' of tin most lespon sible und impon mt duty of tin life If, in culling to a coti LIIISIOII on lins suhjitt, I bud itt« titptt d to cone ii It populo let-hug, I must h UP been 1 ist in the v irietv of opinion Uutv willi mt is iilniie ill otlur cniMdi I liions, and my toustuiiep must be mv guide I hou^b von staudcouvicti ti, i uinjiuu of the oflîeeis of the Cturt th it ti it -vour fellow eiti/.ens, linvi petitioned ni \our behalf, including the Cleigy of your tounti v - men well known tor then ut Inchnieut togood Govt rum«tit und to law -men who would uevet nit nilly tin uiselie.s with vour cast ii the, tlim^ht Min n wilful md milicions tuiiidi iel "iournwn und thise pt ti tions Intvt hud wfiirhl with mt , but let me nssiite you, that you li ive li id j still more powi iful advocate 1 In blood \on liavp so fri « ly ptntid with in otu gtiog^hs foi imleppude tte, und youl infirmities mid ¡>t ii» speak f r \on ' 1 li ise suldu is vvho d gbt with \ in I >r our tuimuon coiiuti v, who now st mil around, ne powe ful ointors md successful idvocites for you, ni I 1 almost fnnrv that 1 htm the voices of Washington mid Wurr« t nilling foi meicyin your behalf J ike tins, hu, (bindii g luina piidon,) and remeiubei, that bv eter 'cisin" lins Inuli coiistitutioiuil power, I mi responsible to im cotintiv I vom future good bolmiour Though 1 view you is n clntd in tnte'leet nuil tis idwug initn, jet should jon ever, bj the fivour of Ileiven, be íestored to health, ic liieinlie'i that I nu secunty tor your conduct Whilst I un willing, undei ml circumstances, to teston vou your lite, 1 do not do so under tin belief lint j ou hive continued no ernie No, in*, opinion is that \au lmvi. been emmett«! of iiiunsljoglitei But as tim verdict stands ugittisl you, j ou must be either hanged or pardoned 1 have no poiur lo commute -to cb inge vour punishment-- no, none, but to /orgivt you lu doing ibis 1 may err But "to en is Iinniau, to forgive, du nu " Nevei h id dectricity mott influence upon the bumin fíame than this att had on tin pncoiiei md the spictntois Ihe ilnoli ut uini cr.s ii ipproh ilion w is inst intuiiiouslv f« li, and some tveu shouted willi jo> 1 be poor old mun raised Ins lie id from tin most stuput ltllnrgj, and nt onct bec nue mi- niated giutitudt vtis imincdi ile-1) seated in his heart but few seemed dissutisfitd with tins uinguaiiiinuus act of the Go »ernor VISITATION SERMON -The Taunton Courier ?Aay», "A sermon lately preached by ihe Rev. 'JOHN MATTHEW, Rector of Kilve, a village on the ¡North Coast of.lhis county, has excited consid- erable altention, and proves as fertile of praise )'with some as it has been prolific of rebuke in others. Mr. Matthew is a highly respected Gen- tleman, of eminent learning; his Sermon was ; preached at a late Visitation, and has been printed at the instance of ihe clergy present. It is en- titled, "TA« Necessity of Philosophy to the Di- vine," and by various arguments, in the course of which some points are advanced which are ra- ther novel and startling to orthodox belief, the Reverend writer enforces his philosophic views, and endeavous to harmonize them with the Chris- tian .creed. He says, "that ihe mere literal interpetraiion of the Inspired Writers cannot of itself be a sufficient guide io ihe faith and lo the life of the disciple of Jesus; lhal it must lead, and has in fact led, ¡Is deluded votaries to ijie adoption of tenets the most extravagant, and to the commission of actions the most atrocious; and that to the accurate comprehension of com- munications from heaven lo man, every assistance is required lhat not literature only but philosophy and science can afford." In discussing the par- ticulars of the miracle of Cana, Mr. Matthew ?denies thai the water was changed into wine. He ¿ays, " Even boundless power cannot command .iia Ho be a fact which never happened ; if the fluid, therefore, in the water pots never did, in truth, enter into the fruit of the vine, not even an Almighty Agent could cause thal it should have entered " The difficulty on this point Mr. ¡VI. gets over either by miraculously removing the liquid and substituting the other, or by vesting into particles of the water the qualities which might assimilate it to wine. The Reverend Wri- ter takes occasion to denounce pedesination to eternal punishment, and exhibits no favouritism to Bible Societies -As might be expected, objectors io Mr. Matthew's opinions have presented them elves, among whom is a young hut respeiied townsman of ours, Mr. W. P. PINCHADO. 'Ibis gentleman, although no1 professionally accus- tomed to the suhtlcti s of theological disputation, has controverted, with considerable skill, theare«?/} twnabk points in ibis sermon. His chief object appeals lo luvt been io demonstrate that the sa cred Scriptures are sufficient guide to true Chris tun fatih. Admitting, however, willi Mi. Mitthtw, that" REASON and CONSCIENCE" are not by themselves sufficient to a thorough under standing of all parts of the Scripture, he contends thal metaphysical philosophy is not the only nor chief guide to which the student of the Inspired Writings should have recourse; but that the " Revelation of ihe Holy Ghost" is lint winch must furnish the necessary issistance to otu facul- ties!"- The Editor ot tlie Taunton Com ter can. eludes his notice ol this precious dispute willi ihe following «satirical passage :-" Ii were greaily to be wished, lhat polemical writer«, however di#. metric illy opposed in principle, as m tht present ca*e, would discuss each other's opinions like gentlemen and Christians, for which courteous spirit, Mr. P.'s is a gratifying example."-As far a» we are able tp îudge fiom the extracts in and comments ot the '¡nunton Com itr, it seems to u«, that the cau>e ot the difieiciice between ihe Rector lies in Ihi«,- that the nonsense of the learned elerie is not like the nonsense of the learned laynnn. One dooms the poor predes tinarians to eternal tortures (like a gentleman and a Christian .)-and the other (like a true lawyer) prefers consulting the Holy Ghost io listening lo ihe dictates of Conscience and Reason'-The worthy Editor of the '¡nunton Couiur would, in our judgment, do well to advise his " young townsman" not to gue up hi» reasons in future, nor lo di»mi»s his conscience, even if he could, for we suspect tnai none but Archdeacons can willi impunity avow that th^y cannot afforJ to keep such a monitor. As for the Reverend De- nouncer of Eternal Punishments, he most likely is too old to learn, or to listen to advice ; so he musl continue, in his folly, lo preach about a union between Philosophy and such Divinity ! -ító>4í> COSMETICS -There is an article in the last Number of the London Magazine, quite as amusing a¡> it is instructive, on ihe subject of cos- metic* ; pointing out the absurd and pernicious notions that prevail in rtgard to ihe powers of cer- tain composition«, palmed upon ihe public at prices which hive filled the pockets of the knaves who puffed them off, and but too often injuied, not to say ruined, the health of the de« luded creamies who puichase them. "CLEANLI NLSS (says ihe judicious wruer) is ihe true cos- metic ; and it is " the cosmetic," or " the cleansi fier" --nothing more. You cinnoi aller the colour of your skins, for nature has placed her laws here against you ; but you may scrub and scour of! ihe dut ; which we slrongly advise you to do, whenever it is necessary. Thus you wll be cleaned cosmified ; and having done this, li is no matter to you how soon Messrs. Bailey and Blew are blown up or burnt down. Wash your faces, deals, that is all ; and if waler will no1 make them c eau, Use soap, and chuse the one that gratifies your noses m« si- thal is all. As soon as the dirt is off your »km, you are as beautiful, precisely, as Naiuie, and your sweet temper cliu»e;and all else is hopeless toil ; hopeless as bleaching a black- amoor though you were to labour on the milks j and soaps liiat have been created from the days of Judith oi Faustina, down to these ot Del CIOIX. Thebeuic sad vulgar iiuihs;ytt, alas! loo true. 'I he Hung is impossible : be content: and as you can as lillie add one uni to jour com j pleMon as one in eli lo j oui stature«, without paint oi without high heel«, do what you can lo apply the cosmetics to your minds, a« j ou have been often told how. Ihm is the art of be tul} . A GENTEEL SOUL and a SWEET I LMPfc.it, intellect and virtue, - these are cosmetics which will take out all your freckles an I smoutn all your vvnnkes; which will render you bountiful even above your beauty, and beautiful even through your illalo- ne»«.- London Magazine ;-Ait, «« 'Hie Duties uf a Larfy'» Mind." PHRENOLOGY-Ou i uuisday evening the So cu tj issciiiuled for ihe put pose of di>-ru«siug Mr. Coniht's puper on " Human ?esponsibilily as af- fected by Pill etiology " Pievious lo lueilebaie, Mr. BntJjes solicited thal some ladies who were w ming might be admitted to the debate. If a «ingle member were disinclined to accede to the requtst, he should withdraw ii; but we under- stood lum to saj,that the female sex were be- ginning lo bel the injustice of being «hut out from sharing in the interests on subjects wini li involved ihe happiness and good of ihe species. The doors were thrown open, and ihe ladies made their ap pearauce, and added, in our estimation at least, to the already highly respectable appeal ance ol the assembly. It is i ot our intention lo go into the merits of ihe discussion ; bul one thing was piainly manifested, thal ihe phrenologists have not only the courage bul the requisite quantum of knowledge and ability, as speakers, lo defend themselves from the attacks of their adversaries Mr. Combe explained some parts of his essay winch Seemed to his more mature judgment faulty ; and pariiculaily applied himself lo show ihe distinction between fualism and necessity, insisting that no true phrenologist could ever be a fatalist. He alluded to the assertion of Bona parte, whilst al bl Helena, Uiat willi lins belief it was a maiter of indifference to a man whether he descended from his chamber by the stairs or out at the window. A taiahst might so act; bul a necessitarian, being a rigid adhérant to the doc- trine of cau«es and effects, never could. He wou'd know that the laws of gravitation could not be suspended in his favour, and therefore, if his in «ellects were first annihilated, including also Hie leehngs of cautiousness ami sell- respect, it would be as impossible thal he should ever jump out of the window as thal he should jump up to i!. -lhere were present as auditors, ihe Rev. Dr. Dickson, the Rev. Dr. Gordon, and some oilier Clergymen of ihe Lstabhshed Church. We were much pleased wah the candid and uncompromisiug spi- rit displayed by Mr. Combe, relative to ihe ap- plication of the science, of which he stands forth as a leading champion. He «aid it ought to sink deeper than the line could fathom, if its practical utility cannot be made out. He gave several cases where its utility lud been established, and others vvheredisappointment and unhappmesshad flowed from disregard or ignorance ot >t. Individuals, possessing talents honourable to themselves and useful to the society, were irequently placed »here they could nqt.be brought hilo activity, and became a burden to themselves and to their friends; and others' again,'having'propensities unfavourable to virtue, were placed under cicum stancei which gave rise to actions not merely the negatives of good, but which society could not tolerate, and which, »ooner or laier, were expiated on the tcalTdd.-Edinburgh Advertiser. CONJUGAL AFFECTION.— A few years ago, a man died in Paisley, leaving his wife and four children in very indigent circumstances. For the nature of his disease, and other causes, the widow had reason to suspect that an attempt would be made to disinter her husband’s body after burial. She was too poor to pay for a guard to watch the grave, and she was resolved to per- form the fearful task herself. Her children, the youngest of which was an infant on her breast, were unable to contribute in the least towards their maintenance ; and she was obliged to support the family, as she does still, by washing clothes. Every day, for the space of six weeks after her husband’s burial, did she discharge her duty to the living, by toiling at her laborious occupation from day-break till sun-set--while her nights were spent in the church yard tending her husband’s grave. Unawed by the superstitious terrors which the strongest mind could scarcely fortify itself against in such a place --heedless of the drifting snow which sometimes fell in wreaths around her--of chilling night-damps, drenching rains, and howling winds, did this affectionate creature, seated on a tomb-stone by the side of her husband’s grave, with an infant at her bosom, maintain her solitary vigils, for forty- two successive nights, at the close of a stormy Autumn. “ While’s’ added she, in delivering her simple narrative, “ I was kept at the washin’ green till night was settin’ in, an’ then I cam straight to the kirk-yard---lap owre the dyke— and set me down on the thruch-stone till the weans brought out dry claes an’ my supper. After chan- gin’ mysel, I just sat down wi’ my cloak about me, faulded my baby in my bosom, an’ keepit my dreary watch as weel’s as I could, till it was time to gang to the fiel’ in the mornin’.” -otto THE USE OF THE LETTER E.-The following singular circumstance has recently taken place in the neighbourhood of Toulon. A young man and woman, accompanied by (heir respective families, carne before the Mayor of Ihe commune, lo go through the formalities preparatory to (heir mar- riage. On the girl being asked her name and age, she replied, " Louise Dona!, aged 25," Reference was then had lo ihe registers of birlhs, where was found, under the date of the 7th June, 1800, the following entry :- " Louis Donal, male child." " The bride is a man !" cried Ihe astonished Mayor. «' A mau !" echoed those present. The bridegroom alone, though looking a lillie awkward, seemed not to partake in the general surprise, but smiling sig- nificantly at Louise, said he was willing to run the chance. However, the worthy Mayor would not accept his proposition, declaring (hal ihe bride was a man in ihe eyes of the law lill (he contrary should be shown by judicial inquiry. Accordingly an in- quiry wao instituted ; and on the 14ih of lins month Ihe Tribunal of Toulon gave its judgment in this case, pronouncing Louise Douai to be a woman. Such and so mighty are the embarrassments that may flow from the omission of a final .?. IRELAND.-DECLARA HON OF THE AUCHEISHOPS^ AND BISHOP» OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH IN IPELAND-Ala time when the spirit of calm in- quiry ii abroad, and men seem anxious to resign those prejudices through which they viewed ihe doctrines of others, the Archbishops aud Bishops of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland avail themselves with pleasure of this dispassionate tone nf the public mind, to exhibit a simple and conect view of those tenels that are most tre quently misrepresented. If it please the Al uiijity that the Catholic of Ireland should be doomed to continue in the humbled and degraded condition in which they are now placed, they will submit willi resignation to Ihe divine will. The Prelates, however, conceive it a duty which they owe io themselves, as well as to their Prolestint fellow-subject«, whose good opinion they value, lo endeavour once more to -emove Ihe lalse impu- tations that have been frequently cast upon ih¿ i nth ind discipline of thal Church which is in j trusted to their care, that all m iy be enabled to! know with accuracy Hie genuine principles of tlio«e men who are proscribed by law bom any participation in the honour«, dignities, and emolo- ¡ uitnts ot the biate. j Established tor promoting the happiness of j mankind, lo which order is essential, the Catholic religion, lar from inlerfer n.» with the constiluttd uilliorilies of any stale, is leconcilable willi every regular tot m which human government» may as- sume,- Republics as well as monarchies have thriven where it has been professed, and, undet it» protecting inlluence, any combination ot those forms may be secute. EXTRAORDINARY ANLCDOTE or AN ARCHBISHOP. -The lollovving anecdote is taken from a scarce work, called1' Artacluhos," containing au ac-| count of all the remarkable famines winch have j occurred in England .«ince i fie Conquest:-" A. D. j 1234, Ihe 18th of Henry HI, was a great frost at Chrtsimasse, which destroyed the come in the I ground, and the roots of hearbs in ihe gardens, ' continuing lill Candlemasse wilhout any snow, so that no man could plough the ground, and all . the yeare after was unseasonable weather, so that . barrennesse af all things ensued, and many poor folks died for want of victualls, the rich being so bewitched with avarice ihat they would yeeld them no reliefe. Amongst whom Walter Gray, then Archbishop of York, was no1 leasl covetous, of whom it is recorded thal his come being ihen five years old, he doubting the same to be spoiled willi vermine, did command that ii should be de- livered to the husbandmen, that inhabited his inannours, upon condition that they should pay lum the like quantity of new come after harvest, but would give none to the poore for God's sake, whereupon it came to passe, ihat when men canit to a great stack of bis come, which sloode neare ihe town of Rippon, lhere appeared in the sheaves all over the heads of wormes, serpents, and toads ; besides, a voice was heard oui of the come mow, saying, ' Lay no hands on the come, for the Archbishop, and all that he bath is the devill'*.' To conclude, the bailiffs were obliged to build a high wall round ihe come, and then set ft on fire, lesithe venomous wormes should have gotten out, and poisoned other places. How this Bi- shop died, I have not yet heard, and whether he went to God or the dev ill, is no1 for me to deter« mine." GIVING QUARTER.-This phrase originates from an agreement between the Dutch aud Spaniards, thal the ransom of an officer or soldier should be a quarter of his pay.- Heuce, " io beg quarter," wa» to offer a quarter of their pay for their safety ; and, " lo refuse quarter pay," waa not to accept: that composition as a ransom. 