AN AUSTRALIAN GAMBOL. Extract of a Letter from a Friend in London, To the high and mighty R. Howe, Esq. pursuant Editor of that illustrious paper 'yclept the Syd- ney Gazette. Magnificent Sir,—I have to acknowledge, in reply to your condescension, that our healths are pretty tol-lol, all things considered, which we cer- tainly owe in a great measure to our perusal of your momus-faced paper. We beseech your Lof- tiness to send us no more Australians, as poor bro- ther Dick, after perusing one, slept for six weeks, and was only awakened by wrapping a Gazette round his head, and reading another in his ear, when he began to sneeze, and immediately burst into a violent fit of laughter. Then there was Jemi, poor fellow, on reading one of its leaders, was seized with a fit of vomiting which we thought would never terminate; at length, about 48 hours after its commencement, we thought of applying a Ga- zette to his stomach, when, wonderful to relate! the spasms immediately ceased. Ned was the next that suffered: he had proceeded halfway with a jalap-looking leader, when he was seized with a violent diarrhea; but he came off better than his brothers, for it at once occurred to us to make an abdominal plaster of a Gazette, which not only proved a sufficient antidote, but also wonderfully delighted, and illuminated his understanding. With such facts as these before your Sublimity's eyes, your Magnificence will not bother us with more Australians, the shocking effects of which have already wrought enough of mischief in our house. Little Biddy t'other day came into my study, and seeing a number of it lying on the desk, screamed with the greatest fury, and point- ing to the paper, faintly articulated, "the ghost!" Dick and Jem ran immediately up stairs, the child still screaming and pointing at the ghastly sheet; they all fell a-shouting in chorus. Dick, with a grin, said it was an opiate, and Jem that it was an emetic. Exasperated at their din, I threw the dis- gusting cause into the fire, and pushed a Gazette into each of their hands. This had the desired effect, for they were instantly restored to their senses. Our contemporary is quite profuse in his com- mendatory remarks on the Governor's measures in reference to the prisoners of Port Macquarie. We happened to have the good fortune to broach the be- nign intentions of the Executive in this respect, and our contemporary—modest man!—doubtless comes in and calls it a child of his own creation, and thus again attempts to deprive the Government of its own well-merited honours. It is really amusing to see how happily the Australian manages to come in a day after the fair, yet he once said, in his first number—"we like fairs!" We are not surprised that the Public have univer- sally expressed their disgust with the unmeaning and uninteresting two-column leader of the last Australian. How the writer could be such a niuny we know not—but stiil he is an object of pity, in- asmuch as he takes the Public to be fools, whereas they know him to be such; in illustration of which we have only need to call attention to the publicans' letter, which is so ably and effectually handled by the Colonial Secretary, and which renders the cus- tomary dressing from us unnecessary. The Editor of the Monitor is on his way to the scene of his future hazardous and perplexing la- bours. The Australian was only squeamish last week, but he is now dangerously ill. Several phy- sicians have been called in, and serious consequences are apprehended in the event of success at lending Mr. Hall's Monitions. Perhaps this may prove a cordial, and afford the patient some small relief. We have made enquiry in the proper quarter, and are happy to have it in our power to state, that a certain Doctor is not going mad. It is ne- vertheless true that he had his eye directed to a Government post, but, after much reconnoitering, it was not found likely to answer, so he was glad to sheer off just in time to save himself from a de- structive broadside. The ghastly grin is nothing new—that's natural; and "Nature, when un- adorned, is adorned the most." 