TASMANIA. To what a woeful plight has the renowned Musta- pha Rub-a-dub Keli Khan, by his own imprudence, reduced himself ! His evil genius and not the shade of Mahomet, must have presided over him at the time he availed himself of private letters to strengthen his political views, for he could not have imagined that when he lifted a two-edged sword, we would be contented with a switch only. But we care not— we can fight with any weapons— and therefore have no hesitation in leaving the choice to our adversaries. They have all seen now, and are all sensible, that we can dust their jackets with a twig, shatter their craniums with our shillelagh, and pink them at fence ; and if they can devise any other mode of warfare, we pledge ourselves (such is the versatility of our dustman-like talent) to humble them as much as we have hitherto done— if we do not per- chance plunge into that gulf which is yawning to receive them. They have only to make the experi- ment to find the truth of what we surmise. In return, however, to the Colonial Times Editor— the wonder-working mirth-inspiring Mustapha.— " Apropos !" What will Mr. W. W. think of Capi- taine R. L. Murray ? What will Keli Khan think of the exposé— of the Scrapiana which appeared in our last Gazette ? How art thou, our dear Rub- a-dub ? Twirl not thy Mahometan whiskers at us !" " Thou can'st not say that we did it !" Eh ? Is it spooney with you ? Quite chop- fallen, man ? Consult the Doctor, goose ! who will feed thee with jalap to restore thee. Wilt thou then become " second fiddle" to the Hobart Town Gazette ? Alack, no ! but thou may'st fiddle, sing, and caper to the Ghost !! while " A Colonist"— what ! sick again ! This will never do. We will strive to soothe thee bye and bye, but we are obliged, in the first instance, to administer a few stimulants. Mustapha has charged us with coarseness, but we will furnish him with a specimen of R. L. Murray's fineness, and no doubt it is very fine, pleasant, and edifying. Reader, thou shall judge between us. " The silly, ridiculous, bombastical, fustian, stupid, ignorant, unmeaning rubbish that Thomas writes." Very fine indeed, and beyond the criticism of Blair ; but " my Mr. W." we should think, will not, more than Mr. Thomas, feel much obliged by the fineness that follows. We believe no one that Robert Lathrop speaks of in the " Scraps," will feel comfortable excepting ourselves. " I have great pleasure," says he," in congratulating you (marvel not, Reader, at a congratulation from R. L. Murray, the PRINTER of the Times) upon the superiority you maintain over your competitors." What does the Ghost say to this ? How will the learned Australian look, when he sees his friend, the present Publisher of the " Colonial Times," thus pronouncing sentence of inferiority upon him ? " You have beat them hollow— the stupid Australian"— says Rub-a-dub. There is certainly somewhat sepulchral or ghost- like in beating our competitors hollow, and so far we believe Murray to be right. We are always candid enough to admit the truth, even when we find it in an enemy, as the Ghost himself can testify, if he chooses; we likewise grant that the stuff, enti- tled "A Colonist," which we have indubitable proof, and will prove, that Murray wrote, will be " his strong hold" indeed. We think there is something like the spirit of prophecy running through the let- ters of Sir Robert Lathrop (we forget whether our friend is a knight or a baronet), when he speaks either of himself, or of his coadjutors ; and we certainly suspect that he has been consulting some fakir or dervise, who has been exhibiting to him the wonderful perspective of futurity. Our Rea- ders would observe that in Scrap iii, he asks, " why do you not quote some extracts from my tremen- dous works ?" Could there have been a more mali- cious request ? With his " tremendous" works we have had abundant reason to rejoice that we had no- thing to do. We were never led to encourage disaf- fection, and Murray knew it, for in Scrap iii, he says, " I grant you write from principle;" knowing, there- fore, as he did, that we were not at all unprincipled, but that our motives were of the most honourable description, he must have been Bent on our des- truction when he wished us to have any thing to do with his " tremendous works," for tremendous they have already proved to poor simple Bent, whilst even Tasmania has fell their snakish influence, and we ourselves would long ago have suffered, had we listened to the wily tempter. Mr. Bent, we trust, from our last exposé, will now have his eyes opened, reduced as he unfortunately is to the deepest " trou- ble," with " the loss of independence and self- power"— and some of the people of Tasmania will not be at a loss to apply the words " humbug, dou- ble-dealing, pitiful fellow" when they see that Mr. Murray, their patriot— their idol— declares that " a more pitiful contemptible mob than the whole island is, cannot be imagined ! ! !" Such is the consistency— the patriotism— the conscientiousness of the thrice renowned Mustapha Rub-a-dub Keli Khan, that we cannot fail to keep " pegging away" at him. " Gigantic" as our "' enterprize" certainly is, and although it be " be- yond" Mr. Murray's " comprehension," we are equal to the task. In endeavouring to avoid " knocking ourselves up with so much application," we will take care to knock down " dirty" low cun- ning— " double dealing"— or any " pitiful" at- tempt to attack " our hero," or any branch of the Government which we have had the distinguished ho- nour of serving long and faithfully ; and, whenever we see gross imposition attempted to be practised either upon the people Australia or Tasmania— any attempts to propagate disaffection— neither the renowned Rub-a-dub, nor his brother Ghost, will avert the annihilating influence of our literary sledge hammer. Anon. The signalizing duty at South-head is wretchedly performed now— there is scarcely a vessel enters our port, but the telegraph is incorrectly worked. For the John Munro, No. 29 was made, which sig- nifies a ship from England with prisoners, and the whole mercantile world was in bustle for the news ; when, lo and behold, upon paying the Post- master a visit, it turned out that it was a ship from the Isle of France ! We would advise the telegraph-master to grow circumspect, as we have a fine view of him from our editorial chair. We think it would be as well if the Gentlemen of the Law, when instructed to institute proceedings against old, and respectable, and independent Co- lonists, would be so considerate as to trouble the parties with a line, and not honour them, as the first salute, with the tap of a Sheriff's officer. This has lately been done, and it will speak little of the Gentlemen of the profession if such a system is repeated. 