A SHORT ACCOUNT OF A FEW GOOD THINGS. GRAPES are the fruit of the vine; which is a native of most of the temperate regions of the earth, and is cultivated with care wherever its fruit can be brought to perfection. Its culture is supposed to have been introduced from the East, where it is cultivated, and wine made from the fruit, in the earliest ages; for we are told, that Noah "planted a vineyard, and drank of the wine, and was drunken." In Great Britain, it was cultivated in 731, when Bede finished his History, and at one period was brought to considerable perfection; for it is stated in the Museum Rusticum, "that there were vineyards in different parts of this country, from which wine was made ; and we are informed, that in the cellar of Ardudel Castle, there were sixty pipes of excel- lent Burgundy (artificial?) the produce of a vineyard attached to the castle." But from the greater value of the ground for the cultivation of corn, vineyards are now scarcely known in Eng- land, and the vine only cultivated for the desert. There are many varieties of the Vine; that which is called the Alexandrian Frontiniac, yields the most delicious grapes for eating, and the Syrian the largest bunches; the last is supposed to be the sort which the spies, sent by Moses to examine Canaan, cut down at the brook Eschol; "a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two on a staff." Strabo relates, that in Margiana, bunches of grapes were produced, two cubits, or a yard long and in some of the Archipelago islands, they weigh from 30 to 40 pounds. The Syrian grape in this country has produced bunches weighing 19½ pounds. The celebrated Vine in the garden at Hampton Court, which was planted in the year 1769, and allowed by all foreigners to surpass any in Europe, produced in one season 2,272 bunches, weighing it 18cwt; it measures 72 feet by 20, and is about 13 inches in girth. Raisins are made from apes, either by cutting the stalk of the bunch half through when the grapes ae nearly ripe, and leaving them suspended on the vine till their watery part is evaporated by the heat of the sun, whence they are called Raisins of the Sun; or, by gathering the fruit when fully ripe, and dipping it in a levy made of the ashes of the burnt trendrils ; after which, it is exposed, to the heat of the sun, or to that of an oven, till dry ; the former are reckoned the finest, and are imported in boxes, others in jars, and the inferior kind in mats, &c.; Spain is the country which supplies us with the greatest quantity of this, article, and Malaga the port whence they are exported chiefly. Grenada, in Spain, and Calabria, in Italy, are supposed to produce the best fruit of any part. Currants are a smaller kind of grape, brought principally, from Zante and Cephalonia , they are gathered off the bunches, and laid to dry in the sun, and then packed up in large butts. They were first planted in England in 1555, and called Corin- thian grapes, being originally from Corinth, which at length was corrupted into Currant. WINE—In the preceding account of the Vine, it will have been perceived that wine was manufactured from the fruit in the earliest ages. Ancient historians mention, that the Asiatics first learned the art of cultivating the vine from the Egyptians; the Grecians from the Asiatics ; and the Romans from the Greeks. We learn from Pliny, that the Romans were very curious in searching after the most excellent wines ; the distinction between many of them consisted - in the place of their manufacture ; as the Seritanum, Cacuhum, Falerinini, &c.; &c; which were the most delicate wines of Italy in the time of that author. Among the wines of Greece, they esteemed the Maronean, Thracian Chian, &c.; _ Their luxurious taste carried them in search of the wines of Asia, as those of Mount Lebanus, as may be seen in the same author. In the wine countries, when the grapes are fully ripe, they are gathered, and immediately subjected to the press, by which the juice is separated from the skins and seed ; at Madeira, (and at Epernay, where the best Champagne is made) the grapes are previously picked from the stalks, and freed from all the unsound ones with great care. In some places the juice is concentrated, by suffering the grape to remain on the vine, the stem of each cluster being half cut through, the afflux of any fresh juice from the plant is prevented; and the moisture exhaling the grape is nearly dried to a raisin. The sweet Hungarian and Spanich wines are made from grapes that have been thus half dried. The wine of Chio was made from fruit treated in the same manner, and which was esteemed by the ancients for its strength, sweetness, and exquisite aromatic fla- vour. On the juice being pressed, it is collected into vats, and; in this state is called must; it is kept in a temperature of 70 deg grees. The component parts soon begin to act on each other; the liquor becomes turbid, an intestine niotion is evident in it, its tem- perature increases, a scum collects on its surface, and carbonic acid gas is disengaged. This is the process of vinous fermentation. Its activity gradually decreases, the scum and impurities, subside to the bottom, and the liquor clears, having lost its saccharine taste, and becomes wine. It is then put into barrels, and in due time into bottles; in both of which kind of vessels the fermentation it continued, although in an imperceptible degree. On the proper quantities of sugar contained in the grape, and the manner in which the fermentation is conducted, depend the strength and goodness of the wine. When the fruit abounds in saccharine matter, and is not completely decomposed, or the fer- mentation checked, the wine retains a sweet taste; a more per- fect decomposition, with a brisker fermentation, render it strong and spirituous; but if the quantity of sugar be small, a thin and weak wine is produced. In England, the fruit containing little saccharine matter, large quantities' of sugar, are added in the manufacture of wine ; but in foreign wines, none whatever. When wine is bottled, early, the fermentation still proceeds, and a large quantity of carbonic acid gas collects ; this on the drawing of the cork, causing frothing and sparkling appear- ance of Champagne. When the husks of the coloured grapes are allowed to remain, in the must during the fermentation, the nascent spirit acts on them, and extracts the colouring, matter and astringent property, and- thus gives colour and, flavour to Port ; for it is only, in the skin of the grape that the colour, exists ; when the juice alone is fermented, coloured grapes will produce white wine. The colour of wine is, however, frequently artificial; a deep red is almost always the effect of foreign additions, as red wood, logwood, elderberries, &c.; &c.; Wine was first made in England in 1140. Various cirucmstances, such as climate, soil, and the modes of conduction the fermentation, modify the taste and flavour of wines; the essential components parts of all are, however the same. Wine, when good; and of a proper age, is cordial and tonic; but when new it is flatulent, debilating and purgative, and intoxicates sooner than old wine. In a dietetical point of view, the temperate use of it promotes digestion, and gives additional energy to the action of the heart and arteries, strengthens the animal functions, exhilarates the spirits, sharpens the wit, and calls into action all the intellectual powers; but when taken in excess, intoxicates, producing sickness, headache, and nervous temors ; and like ardent spirit, its habitual excessive use ex- tinguishes the faculties, both of body and mind, producing indigestion, emaciation, dropsy, and a long train of diseases and wretchedness. BRANDY is a spirituous and inflammable liquor, extracted from wine and other liquors, and likewise from the husks of grapes by distillation. It is prepared in many of the wine countries of Europe ; and with particular excellence at Lan guedoc, in Anjou, and other parts of the south of France ; in-. deed in every part of the kingdom,where vines are grown.- The brandies of Nantes and Poitou, whose qualities are pretty nearly alike are the best made in France, and the most esteemed throughout- being uncommonly well flavored, fine and strong. In distilling brandy, the strong, heavy wines are preferred— though in France where a great deal of wine is made, particu- larly at the commencement or the vintage, that is too weak to be a saleable commodity it is a common practice to subject this wine to distillation, in order to draw off the spirit. When good wines are used for this purpose, it is expected that they should yield at least one-sixth of their quantity of spirit. The appa- atus for distillation is composed of three parts; the boiler, into which the wine is put, and fire applied beneath; the capital, fitted on the top of the boiler to receive the spirituous vapour ; and a pipe twisted spirally, like a corkscrew, which is im- mersed in cold water, and through which the vapour passing is condensed, and flows out in the form of a pellucid fluid; that part of the spirit which comes over first, has the strongest richest and highest flavour. Brandy is naturally clear and co- lourless as water. The different shades of colour which it has in commerce arise partly from the casks in which it is kept, but chiefly from the addition of burnt sugar, saunders wood, and other colouring matters, that are added intentionally and which are neither of advantage or disadvantage to the quality of the spirit. -RUM is distilled from the juice of the sugar cane, molasses, the skimmings of the pans in the making of sugar, &c.; in the West lndies; principally at Jamaica, Antigua, and Barbadoes ; the former being accounted the finest. When a sufficient stock of materials is got together, water is added, and they are fer- mented in the common manner. When the wash is duly fer- mented, or to a degreee of acidity, it is distilled in the man- ner stated for brandy, and the spirit made proof ; though some- times it is made up to a much greater strength, nearly approach- ing alchohol, and is then called double distilled rum. When first drawn, it is as clear and pellucid as water, and if prevented from collecting adventitious colouring, all rum would arrive in England perfectly colourless. Sliced pine apples are frequently, put into the puncheons of rum, especially when designed as presents for European friends : this gives the spirit a most deli cious flavour, and hence the designation, pine apple rum. HOLLANDs.— A- superior kind of gin so named from the country where it is distilled ; it is made from a spirit obtained by fermenting wheat, malt, , rye, meal, &c; and twice rectified over juniper berries. They pay so much regard to the water employed, that many send vessels to fetch it on purpose from the Meuse; but all use the softest and clearest river water they can get. Scheidam is noted for producing the finest Hollands, vast quantities of which are annually imported into Great Britain. Our Geneva, or, as it is usually denominated. Gin is an imitation of the Dutch spirit, and is made after the same, manner ; to which, however, it is inferior in flavour, al- though it is considered, when unadulterated with noxious mix tures, to be equally as wholesome as the Hollands. WHISKEY is distilled from barley &c.; fermented ; it is simply the first distillation, without any subsequent rectification or fla vouring. Jack Ketch. — In 1663, Dun was the name of the public executioner, and the executioners long after that went by the same name. Mr. Butler, in his Proposals for farming Liberty of Conscience, published in 1663, amongst other re- solutions, gave the following one :— "Resolved, that a day of solemn fasting be ; and, among many other particulars, lastly to be delivered from the hand of Dun, that uncir- cumcised Philistine." His predecessor's name was Gre- gory, as appears from the prologue to Mercurius Prag- maticus, a tragi-comedy, acted at Paris, in 1641 : "This trembles under the black rod, and he Doth fear his fate from the Gregorian tree." and in a paper called The Parliament Kite, 1648, mention is made of him : "What would you say to see them fall With both their houses vile, Because they have deceived us all, Now Gregory they'll beguile you.'' Sir William Segar, garter king-at-arms, was imposed upon by Brook, a herald, who procured him, by artifice, to confirm arms to Gregory Brandon, who was found to be common hangman of London. And from him, probably, the hangman was called Gregpry for some time. The name of Dun, which;succeeded that of Gregor, is mentioned by Cotton, in Virgil Traveste, published in 1670, b. 4. p. 124; ''Away, therefore, my lass does trot, And presently an halter got, Made of the best string hempen teer, And, 'ere a cat could lick her ear, Had tied it up, with as much art As Dun himself could, from his heart." The name of Dun was continued to these finishers of the law twelve years longer, when one "Jack Ketch," about one hundred and forty years ago, was advanced to that of- fice, who has left his name to his successors ever since. This appears from Butler's Ghost published in 1682. When the author wrote the first part of it, it is plain that Dun was the executioner's name or nick-name: "For you yourself to act 'Squire Dun — Such ignominy ne'er saw the sun;" but before he had printed off his poem, Jack Ketch was in office: "Till Ketch observing he was chous'd, And in his profits much abus'd In open hall the tribune dunn'd, To do his office, or refund." None of these however, in their office could come up to the Dutch headsman, mentioned by Mr. Cleveland; and of whom it was reported, "that he would do his office with so much ease and dexterity, that the head, after the exe- cution, should stand still upon the shoulders.'' JOHN CROSLAND THE HANGMAN. — About the reign of Oliver Cromwell; or the beginning of Charles the Second's, a whole family, consisting of a father and two sons, of the name of Crosland, were tried at Derby assizes, and con- demned for horse-stealing. As the offence was capital, the bench, after sentence, entertained the cruel whim of extending mercy to one of the criminals, but upon this bar- barous condition, that the pardoned man should hang the other two. Where favour wantons in cruelty, it becomes detestable, and gives greater offence tham even the culprits. The offer was made to the father, being the senior. As distress is the season for reflection, he replied with meek- ness, "Was it ever known that a father hanged his chil- dren? How can I take away those lives which I have given, have cherished, and which of all things are most dear ?" He bowed, declined the offer, and gave up his life ; but this noble reply ought to have pleaded his pardon. It was then made to the eldest son, who trembling answered, ''Though life is the most valuable of all possessions, yet even that may be purchased too dear — I cannot consent to preserve my existence by taking away his who gave it ; nor could I face the world, or even myself, should I be left the only branch of that family I had destroyed." Love, ten- derness, compassion, and all the appendages of honour, must have association in returning this answer. The pro- position was then made to the youngest son, John, who ac- cepted it with an avidavit that seemed to tell the court, he would hang half the creation, and even his own judges, sooner than be a sufferer himself. He performed the fa- tal work without remorse, upon his father and brother; in which he acquitted himself with dexterity; that he was appointed to the office of hangman in Derby, and two or three neighbouring counties, and continued in it to extreme age. So void was he of feeling for distress, that he re- joiced at a murder, because it brought him the prospect of a guinea. Perhaps he was the only man in court who could hear with pleasure a sentence of death. The bodies of the executed were perquisites ; signs of life have been known to return after the execution, in which case he prevented the growing existence by violence.— Loving none, and be- loved by none, he spent a life of enmity with man. The very children pelted him in the streets: the mother en- deavoured to stop the infant's cry with the name of "John Crosland." He died in the year 1705. Newspapers.— It is a curious fact in the history of newspapers, that in the year 1758, when Mr John New- berry, of St. Paul's Church-yard London, well known as the compiler of, and dealer in, many excellent little books for "Young Masters and Misses," projected a newspaper called "The Universal Chronicle, or Weekly Gazette" he engaged to allow Dr Johnson a share in the profits of that paper, for which the latter was to furnish a short essay, on such subjects; of a general or temporary nature, as might suit the taste of newspaper readers, and distinguish his publication from its contemporaries. The reason as- signed for Mr Newberry's wishing to have an essay in his paper, is exceedingly curious to modern readers of ''folios of four pages;" it was that the occurrences, during the intervals of its publication were not sufficient to fill its columns. What a curious fact is this in the history of po litical intelligence! It is to this dearth of occurrences that we owe that collection of essays, by Johnson, called "The Idler," which first appeared in Newberry's Universal Chronicle. INITIATION OF STYLE.- Every man has a certain man- ner and character in writing and speaking, which he spoils, by a too close and servile imitation of another ; as Bishop Felton, an imitator of Bishop Andrews, observed, "I had almost marred my own natural trot, by endeavouring to imitate his artificial amble. AN EXTENSIVE SAVING. — -A spice merchant of Constan- tinople, carrying a piece of fine cloth to a tailor desired to have a cloak and tunic made of it, and enquired if there was enough. The artist having measured the stuff, declared it sufficient- ; and then requested to know what had been the cost of it ? " Five sequins," replied the customer, " was the price ; and, considering the quality, that is not dear.' The tailor paused for a moment, " I am a begin- ner in trade,"said he to the spice dealer, "and money is no object to me -give me two sequins, and I will show you how you may save three in this affair." "I agree," re- turned the other; and the two, sequins were produced and paid, "It is well !" said the man of the needle. "I am a person of my word! " This cloth has cost five sequins and I have promised to save you three. Take it then to some other tailor, and Allah direct you to one of more ex perience ; for I have never made such a dress as that you want; and if I attempt it, it will certainly bespoiled. COSTUME. — In Scudder's museum, at New York, there is a repreaentation in wax of Saul, Samuel, and the Witch of Endor. Saul wears a blue silk coat and small clothes, covered with spangles; the witch sits in a parlour chair in a printed cotton gown, with a white shawl, cap, and black riband ; and Samuel sports a white cotton night- cap. DR. PARR. — A lady was once holding forth with great loqua city, and not permitting the Doctor to wedge in a word, till he fairly said to her, "Madam, allow me to have, my share in the conversation." — "Why, you know, Dr. Parr." she replied, "it is the privilege of ladies to talk." "No, Madam," said he,- "it is not their privilege, but their infirmity ! Ladies are privileged to talk, because they cannot help it ; as ducks are privileged to waddle, because they cannot walk straight." - The Doctor was disputing with a gentleman, who had evidently the worst of the argument, but who was unwilling to give it up, though he had nothing more to say. " Well, Dr. Parr, after all, " said he,. 'I will still maintain my opinion." " No, " was the reply, " you may retain it, but you cannot maintain it." — . Dr. Parr once said to the late Lord Tamworth, " Come, my, lord, button my gaitors, for me." — 'With the greatest plea sure," said his lordship, and stooped to do so. Upon which the doctor waived his hand over him with mock solemnity, and said, "There, nobility is where it ought to be— at the foot of learning." WAR.— -Mr. Thrust, late a captain in the Royal Nayy, whose renouncement, of his profession upon conscientious principles most people must remember, has lately published ' Observa tions on the Causes and Evils of War,' intended as an apology for withdrawing from the Naval Service. "It is certainly a hard case."says the Gentleman's Magazine, remaining upon this pamphlet, that a fighting cock should kill an unoffending craven ! that the earthquake should swallow a child in a cradle, and that passions create vices but we are inclined to think that such evils are only permitted because they are necessary instru ments of reflecting some greater good." CaptainThrust says, ''when Christianity arrives at maturity, armies will disappear;" and no doubt we shall catch sparrows, when we can put salt on their tails. Inisii Firs^Ftuits. — W/ipnSir John Newport was ashort time ago making his speech and motion upon this subject, a raw Scotchman, who had just entered upon the duty of lepo'ting the wisdom of Parliament, and ,whq w.is of course ignor-uit !,of the forms and vocabulary of the House, asked a veteran, fronV the sister kingdom, w hat was' meant by' ' Irish first fruits.1'-— r ' Och !^ and sure it's a chopping boy before marriage,' replied the Hib'emian. — French Morality.— It appears from a table of the births in France during the year 1823, published in the "Pevue Encyclopedique," that the whole amounted to 961,793, and that of these, the enormous proportion of 70,043 were of children born out of wedlock. In Paris, in 1824 there were 28,812 births, and 10,221 of these were illegitimate children. Spanish Tavern.— The Spaniards drink little at a time, but frequently, and taverns , are very numerous in the streets of Madrid. They are all alike. Beneath a score or so of quartillo-pots, hung up to the wall by the handles, is a counter, and underneath that are stored away two or three large goat skins; which contain the vono tinto de la Mancha, from which is filled, the measure, which the woman of the house, for the most part coarse-looking and old, brings you, with a most gracious simper. At night these retreats of the jovially disposed part of the community are lighted by copper lamps with four sockets, suspended from the roof. At the further end from where you enter, a curtain tucked up dis covers a place lighted, and set out with tabled in the same man- ner as the first, and at night these tables are all filled with com pany. — Memoirs Espagnoles. As a general observatiom, an aeronaut states, that at an elevation of 3,000 feet, the earth appears to be one contin uous level, the houses and trees appearing as so many co loured patches upon its surface: Indeed, so perfect is the illusion, that Mr. Green, jun. on the occasion of his first trip, actually mistook a plantation of the trees for a bean field. Rivers and lakes, are at all times discernible objects, and when the sun is shining upon them, have all the ap pearance of highly-polished metal ; the former is com pnaed to a vein of silver, running along the surface of the earth. When the sun does not shine on these objects, they have, a dull and heavy aspect. The appearance of the sea, when the sun is shining on it, is pronounced to be grand in the extreme, presenting as far as the eye can reach, one vast sheet of polished steel. A few years ago a country gentleman wrote- a letter to a lady of rank in town, and sent it through the general post with the following; address.— "To The 25th March, Foley-place, Lon don." The postman duly delivered the letter at the house of Lady Day ; for whom it was intended. ' 