OUTLINE OF AN ARRANGEMENT FOR GRANTING TICKETS OF LEAVE. Period of Transportation. QUALIFICATION. 7 years. 1st, Having served four years with one master, or five years with two. 14 years. Six years with one master; eight years with two; or ten years with three. Life. Eight years with one master; ten years with two ; or twelve years with three. 2d, Change of service from circumstances which do not attach blame to the individual, if duly cer- tified, not to be a bar to the indulgence. 3d, Prisoners, in the immediate employ of Go- vernment, to be considered eligible under the above Regulations. 4th, The apprehension of two runaways, having been absent not less, than forty-eight hours; one bushranger or felon; or bringing to justice a re- ceiver of stolen properly, to be deemed equivalent to a period of six months' faithful service. 5th, The above period to be increased in propor- tion for any additional number of offenders who may be brought to justice. 6th, Prisoners eligible, under the above Regula- tions, to receive a "Ticket of Leave," to address themselves to the nearest Bench of Magistrates, at stated periods. The Magistrates will strictly in- vestigate the merits of the respective applicants, and, to this end, will refer to the Benches of the Districts in which the prisoners may have previously resided. 7th, Should the master of the applicant consider him undeserving the indulgence, it will be his duty to represent the circumstance to the Magistrales, though the master's certificate to the contrary will no longer be an indispensable preliminary to a ser- vant's receiving a "Ticket of Leave." 8th, Returns of approved applicants to be made up, periodically, by the several Benches of Magis- trates, and forwarded to the Principal Superinten- dent of Convicts, in order to their being compared with the registers in his office, and submitted to the Governor. 9th, "Tickets of Leave" to be granted for par- ticular districts only, except in the case of distin- guished public services, or of other special circum- stances. 10th The "Tickets" to be registered by the Bench of the District in which the individual resides. 11th, The "Ticket of Leave Men", to be mus- tered quarterly, or half-yearly, by the nearest Magistrate, who will give each individual a certifi- cate, and transmit to the Bench the names of the several men mustered by him, in order to their being noted accordingly. 12th, "Tickets of Leave Men," residing within four or five miles of a place of divine worship, to attend every Sunday. Those who repeatedly neglect to do so, to be deprived of their ticket. 13th, The Governor's permission must be ob- tained for removing from one district to another. In case of its being granted, the change of residence to be noted on the Ticket by the Colonial Secretary, who will signify the same to the Bench in which the individual is to res.de. 14th, Magistrates may grant passes to men holding " Tickets of Leave," for any period not exceeding one month. The pass to be returned, at the expiration of the period, or the indulgence must not be repeated. 15th, "Tickets of Leave Men," who apprehend runaways, or bushrangers, or give information which shall lead to the conviction of receivers of stolen property, or of persons harbouring prisoners, to be rewarded by an extension of their Tickets to two or more districts. 16th, No " Ticket of Leave" Man will be con- sidered eligible to receive a Conditional Pardon, who cannot produce the most satisfactory test mo- nials of uninterrupted good conduct for a period of six years from the date of his " Ticket of Leave." We shall see what our contemporaries, as well as the correspondents of the day, "will have to offer on this contemplated Regulation. " Melville Island," we knoio, " is not to be abanduued forthwith." So that " //i/'.v" m.iy be ! " a down.fal to hopes, and adownfal to thousands !" i " For once (says the Yorkshireman, we mean ' the Australian, being one and the same) the Go i verumeut of Van Dieinen's Land have Liken the i statt of us in ¡i useful project. The building of a j new gaol is to be commenced forthwith. Tiiat it is j not laudable in the Tasmanian Government to j build a new gaol, if one is required, we don't mean j lo assert, but it is any thing save the truth to pro ( claim, that they have the "start of us, even for j once" since the erection of the ponderous gaol j wall overhanging Woolloomooloo, gives the liedirect to so grave an assertion. The great guns of the Warspite, accompanied by those of the Volage and Fly, made an un- expected uproar on Sunday last, about one o'clock, which, upon enquiry, proved to be in honour of' the fortúnate discovery and providential explo- sion of the celebrated Popish gunpowder plot ; and on Monday Mister Guy Fawkes was escorted through the streets of the metropolis in due form, and, as usual, in the evening, literally burnt to ashes ! We insist that the Sydney Market-place is quite capacious and commodious enough for all the pur- poses for which it was and is intended -this we say by way of contradicting one of our contemporaries who asserts the contrary. But we must confess that we cannot see either the right or the propriety, of estabbshiiigthereiii tanneries, and cooperages, and tinkers' shops, besides other indescribable out- houses. If the whole square-supposing it to be such- were only occupied by the Public once-a week, for we should have two market- days, there would be an abundance of room. Most certainly these shops, which permanently occupy so much ground, ought hot to be allowed. The Colonial Times-now the mere lag of a Journal, and destitute of any thing in the shape of principle-affects to t»-e:\t this Paper willi sove- reign contempt, and yet with all the impudence ima- ginable, condescends, ia his number of the Gili.tilt, to extract one ol' our most elaborate leaders on the currency, or more properly speaking the sterling, question. But, whilst he could thus distinguish his columns with our labours, the poor mau daru no1, at least envy choked him, advert to the source whence his paper was so embellished once in au ¡tge. It will be a long while, if ever, before the Colonial Times gets another Editor to render it notorious, for it seems already to have lost all its celebrity : being not so much us the ghost of what it once was. '1 he Supreme Court is adjourned to Thursday next (to-morrow), at 10 o'clock in the iuorniug. Tile ¡Monitor and the Australian, both seem lo .ie agreed in copying ancieniEnglifb Extracts from . tir columns. The last immbrrvi of our contem- poraries furnish many proof's of the fact we now ?.tate, principally with a view, however, to make hem exercise those eyes willi which ibey are 'u'essed in common with their species, though the Monitor has hut one, and the Australian the other .lay was near losing both by a legal suap~ but it .urned out a mere Hash III the pun. We promised, in our lait, that we would embrace! ineatlv opportunity of analy zing the article ml the Mondol, which charges His Mijesty'« Q0 I vernment with discoursing émigration to thevj ColoiiK.il, and willi sundry othei evils. Like hu I occasionally gi umbhiig bi other, the Ati\tt altan he puls lorth tis new, thinps which have been lontji igo n luted To be sure he mixes tip thesp \\\u\A urti with others which possess something of t|lts I cb uni ot novelty, ni the hope of passing off the b|,e I with that which he nnngines u, be the pine nu tal bul the pinn is loo flimsy lo escape our cle>eciiou! It is nue thal he states lo us his own dread lore! boilings-the devils black, bim, gi cm, and yellow winch li.uttu his sickly luiiigiiiaiion -and thai nothing will seive bim but a coi tige-a thatch^ coilagt, in Engla-id oi the south of Fiance, on the sea- shote, we suppose, where he may quicily disembooue his roastci*,. Certainly this is all itry sentimental, and quite woiihy oi such a great man as the Monitor undoubtedly fancies Innistif lo he. 'Ihe degigee mtunerv too, in which de ¿licks a blast upon a shoot, is woiihy the adnu, ration jut every novue in literature. But vre must pass on to th~ main object of the piesent article, and leave lum to the lull enjoyment of Ins sentimental vagaries. The ßlomlor (ears tint Mr. Bigge, Mr. M'Anhur of London, Mr E*. Judge 1'icld, and our public meetings, have all conti ibuied lo excite distrust m Hie minds of His Majesty's MmiMeis " Hence, (says he,) the late location of territory to the endowment of a na. nona! church, which will optrate to extend the preiogalive lights of the Kng beyond their con- stitutional and wholesome tulltitiict." This is the conclusion al which the Monitor arrives by taking a view of oui national chinch establishment, it he could shew that the church, alter ceutuiicsof experience, had occasioned io Great Britain the evil which he affects to apprehend, then indeed we might have reason to dread the Clergy ; but if, upon referring Io history, and comparing ihe present tUent of the libetty of the subject willi the past, we find that the ptengative ot ilie bo veieign is kept w11 hit) tis 11 irrowest lunns, and that Hie liberty of Hie subject is m teality much more extended, then ue will have no reason to be alia d of Hie establishment of the church of Eng- land in these colonies. Willi respect to the land granted, any person, who will tal e ihe trouble of leading the charter1 will find thal it is simply 1 tiust reposed ni the hinds of Hie Clergy for the benefit of ihe poor. Tne education ol their chil- dren, too, is placed in their bandi,; and in whom could a trust so san eil be belter deposited, than in those who hate had ihe most I1ber.1l cdiictlioii, and whose lues are passed irreproachably? In place, then, of finding fault, Wc ou,» lu to be very thankful for the Royal gill-it 1» a gift to the people-it prevents the exercise of the ty thing system-and, while it will secure ihe education of the poor, our Cleigy will lie paul without being fell a» a binden on the comino Mty, .whilst their leligiotis instruction will check the progressé! vice, and their superintendence ot the educ »lion of the offspring ol the poor will prove a sufficient safe ¡ guatd against it. If Ihe accomplishment ot ah this will extend the pierogattve itghi» of the King beyond their consliluiional and wholesome influence, then we ate totally in »-iror. With regard to the pneouragement held out to militaty officers to settle bete, we can sLe no cause of ap- prehension wbatcier ; but, on the couti ary, every thing to hope foi, because the intiodiiction of a House of Assembly is inevitable, in which case we will absolutely itquire an aristocracy to | balance the highly demociatical feelings of the populace, if ive aie al all desirous of securing those privileges which are enjoyed in England. BesiJe«, the Brilisb Government tannoi d scinrg-e men who hut faithfully served tbeii country 111 the mo»t turbulent time«, without allowing iheni some consideration foi their exertion«. II they have spent fortunes to purchaee commissions m the anny during a lime of war, and have exposed themselves to all its horrois besides III defence ol then country, they eertunly have claims upon the Goieiiiineni and that toa very gi eat extent. The pitiful consideration of a halt pay is no re muueiation foi a broken down constitution. Pro- perty alone can never be put in competition willi propei ly and personal iisk together, therefore ihe claims of the merchant, the agrictilluiist, or laiherthe needy adven'tnei, should give place to ihe hall-pay olhcer, who has not only positive claims upon the Government, but upon his conn ti v likewise. 'I ne "bold yeoman," which the Monitor speaks of may etrugiate to this Colony with great advantage to himself, but this advan- tage ib certainly not at all diminished by conlei iing a greater upon the h«lf pay officer. Besides our community will be unproved by ihe influx of men of piobity, talent, and education, whose de meanoui will not only contribute to refine Ihe mauneisandinoralsof our society, but whine means and mdustiy, being employed in cultivating the soil, will greatly add to our internal resouices,and thereby increase oin riches and independence. Respecting the old story of renting land of the Crown, it is scarcely necessary to ad- vert to it, because it is a question which we have long ago satisfactorily discussed. On these occasions we stated that we had no desire to contend about names. The Monitor may call a rent a tax if he pleases, or vice versa; but in neither case will the true state of the question be altered. The legality of the measure is unques- tionable, as we clearly proved from the best law authorities, and its expediency no man gifted with common sense can deny. But, besides what we have formerly advanced, it ought to be remem- bered that the Government justly look upon this as a conquered country. It was taken possession of by force, and the consequent right of his Majesty to let or sell the land, is placed beyond the possibility of doubt, the natives have been driven into the interior, and they have frequently resisted our en- croachments by force of arms. We will not ap- peal to ihe testimony of recent facts to prove this, because our allegation need only to be seen in order to convince by its truth. Under these circumstances, therefore, that man must be igno- rant, indeed, who can doubt the right of his Majesty. It is true that objections have been raised, but ask any "bold yeoman," in England, whether he would consider it a hardship to give 2½ d. for an acre of land, and he would certainly think the man a blockhead that would grumble at the exaction. Yet the Monitor is desirous of mend- ing the matter in a way quite peculiar to him- self - he proposes that all the money raised in this way (blessed specimen of political economy!) should be "sent-home to the King!" If the Go- vernment were to act upon this principle, then ihe Colonists would indeed have cause to grumble; but no, the money is raised and spent in the Colony, consequently the people are not a whit the poorer. The Monitor, however, bungs in Magna Challa to prove that the renting of crown land is uuconstsiutional, although nothing CAO be more pteposlerous than his induction. * No English man shall be taxed without his own consent." This is the Momtot'siexi, and a precious fi>i he makes of it. Ile takes the wold» ni their most literal sense, although any blockhead might per- ceive that they contain nothing more nor less than a fiction. It is true that a Member of Parliament has a power granted him by his consti- tuents to frame laws, but how often does he oppose their wishes by acting agreeably to his own judg- ment ? This fact the Monitor should have kept in remembrance, because it is of no small impor- tance in the present question ; neither should he have forgotten that Members of Parliament have frequently opposed even the prayers and en- treaties of their constituents when deciding on questions of the most vital importance. As to the legality of taxation in New South Wales there cannot be a doubt. If we have not yet obtained a House of Assembly, we are not without a Legisla- tive Council, whose Acts, on receiving the approval of His Excellency the Governor, are perfectly binding. If the landholder cannot pay a rent (or tax, if the Monitor will have it so,) of 2½d. for the acre of land to support the Government, he is not worthy of having one ; but of this, perhaps, here- after. On the present occasion we have discharged our duty to the Public, and to those who may have an inclination to visit our shores. We grant that two or three individuals may have been ruined, but then they were ruined before they left their na- tive country. When they came among us they arrived with empty pockets, and idle and dissolute habits. No industrious man need be afraid to come among us ; for awhile he will have abundance to em- ploy his time, he will have ample opportunities to enrich himself. As to idlers we have no occa- sion for them. They may find a ready champion in the Monitor, but in us they will invariably ex- perience a decided foe. After five long months dtliheinlion on (he one hand, mid tinov mouths mt die other, the Australian thinks fit to call in (¡in slum the decision either of His Honor tin- Chief Jus. lice or that of the Chairman of the Qunrlci Si suions, hut takes very good care to leave his lleudéis in the dark ics pecting vvheie the error lie». We do not fiel ouisclves quite competent to decide on tegul points, hut although ive ti.ink that the learned Doctor has toiiclud upon the stihj ct to which MC allude with n vic» to di.m us into a siinir, nu will iievirthclcss give oin opinion, and if we should happen to lu iv ron,'-, a thing- windi seldom occurs with tis, we will not feil the least ushaniid m being set light A man named ]>ili y was tittil hy His Honor the Chief dust ice on n eli uge ? mular to that of one Mary Weston, who was brought lie lo re the Court of Quarter Sessions for "stealing six hundred dollar notes (or six bits of papei ns (hey were denominated in the uifutmulina) ; lli»|llouoi acquitted Riley, because ho held the count foi hits of paper to he insufficient, as lliesti.il ing of pimmssoiy notes for a sterling coiisidcinttou was a st notable oflence, and the statute cn ittug that ofi< nee did not include notes foi a dollur constdciattoii. lu point of law tin re eniinot hen shadow of a doubt, we should imagine, tint the Chief Justice is light, mid lu point of equity we du not think tint the Chairman of the Quartet Sessions wus wioiig in his decision. Every lunn in the Colony knotts lint ui dispensing the la», His Honor the Chief Jus. tice is sciiipuloiisly exact in defining it, and that he is particularly caielul in not allow nig any loose const i ue- noo to operate to the disadvantage of the prisonei. This is pruably one of the finest tunis in his cluuactei as tv Judge while the knowledge of it endears lum, us a lin- vale Gentleman, to all classes III the community. But as the Australian admits that law) eis are liable to err nant II a» olhei nu n, we would he glad (o know whether Mary Wes ton, in stealing six one hundred dollar notes, did no1, in point of lact.sttal f 130 sterling, although the nolls vveienolso expressed, and whether, fur this extensile theft, in getting mien yiurs tiniisportution,she gol seven minutes- too much, liesptcting iitufoi nilly in Courts of Law, we have only to oh sirve, that what has frequently been declared legal m one Couti tu Engl md, luisas often been declined illegal in olheis. In London, the tuilhois, punters, and publishers of libels, for example, have been declared not guilty, while, in a uei^h. bniiung town, perhaps, their bookseileis have been found guilt\ and punished. But for all these incongruities it viould have pleased ns better had the decision of the Chun- um! of the Quarter Stssions bein agreeable to that of the Chief Justice, although we nie decidedly of opinion, thal, in point of equity, the sentence wa» poifcctlj coriect. Al auviile we would strongly repioh.ite the Austiuliun foi Imaging- n question of this*Kiud before the Public, after al- lowing such u length of lune to elapse He should baie made Ins complaint in another ipi.ulcr, where, had tlieic been any thing wioiig, it would baie been promptly ut- il mied to. This would have been inoie honourable, p n11e.11 lailv as lie is a lawyer himself, and admits thnt 1 iwyers are apt to ni We do not know the reason of the Austialum's wish to find fault willi the present Chun man of the Quarter .Sessions. We know very »«II that winn Mi. Carter was appointed to the office he was brimful of compliment on the incision; but now the tubles seem tobe tumid with lum, foihcsi\s, " if the Cou rls of Quarter Session ni England must undergo u change, if law ycis he to become Chuirmiii, thin lit a lawyer be appointed a Chairman here " Now we must iiihr ti oin this, tint he me ins to insinuate that the pic seiit ( bunnan is no lawyer, mid if so, what will become of the Doctor's consistency ' When Qu irtei Sessions were in- stitut! d in this Cotonyj the M igistialcs confessed the ncces s tv of having, for a Cb.iirin ni, a pet sou who was al iwj ei, mid tie liisti iii in tin n thought that they g.ive great pioot of g-oud ti use, but now be wishes no lawvci in the situation, bieiuse the Colonv, in the sp ice of two veui«, he says, is a dillereut Culoul 1'lie shuffling way III which the Australian wishes to get nil of his old opinions aie no way ct editable to lum, for the wine iiecesílty now exists foi a 1 iw \ei to lill the cb ur as did tnn yeirs ago Mr. Ctutei has disch irged the duties of Ins «'li ce with gi ( it credit to himself, and his given univers it s iiislaclion. If it hu due tint the Com t of Requests, icqturcs altwyei to decide upon paltiy cues of debt, how much {.re.itei is the necessity for >i lawyer tosupeiintend the Quar- ter Sessions whirc real difticultiis in point of luv must fio (jii« tilly if nut itiiuiiahlv arise' High as our opinion ceitainly is of the Gentleim n who compose our present Mngistwici, we cerlatulv do nut think that they could do so well without i h gal ulviser .is with one in conducting the arduous and ficipienlly lilliicate business of the Quartet Sessions. If a liiiyir has eirnl, and is liable to err in di Im nug Ins opi- nions at the Sessions,as ûic Australian endeavours to prove, Imw much gnuter must the liability to ennr bein those who have not been educiled to the law ' The Australian should have comp ned and weighed big own arguments well hi foie he piisuuitd lo .lett miine upon a question of so much inipoiiance " Piivute piquts," he says, "and peisoual re si nttm-nts nre not now can ml into Courts of Justice." We pi i f« eil v agree with lum, and it would be gi at ify uig to us if we iiiuld dicl.ne that private piques and peisonnl icseiilments ire not earned into the .louni ils of oin conteuipoiaiies. We would then have good reason to boast of the press of Aus- tralia. — — — — The non-commissioned officers and privates of Lieutenant-Colonel DUMARESQ'S Company of the Royal Veterans at Sydney, have subscribed one day's pay to the funds of the Benevolent Society. The dollars will soon be off - in fact must be off. The Commissariat now re- issue them to such mer- chants as may stand in need of remittances, in ex- change for British money, on consideration of the parties entering into bonds not to re-issue any of the said dollars in the Australian market. There seems to be something like determination in such acts as these. HINDU WIDOWHOOD.—The first thing that oc- curs, in contemplating the state of widowhood among the people in question, is, Us horrid ter- mination, almost ibe moment n commences, au instance, in which religious enthusiasm has been inul.'io opérale on the hopes and feat* of llie »eluded victims; to bum willi her deceased hus bdtm ijeing inculcated upon the Hindu widow, not onto! rtsped to his memory merely, bot a» the "leans of his redemption from the unhappy state .iib» which lie is believed to have passed ; and, as t"i-»u,ing, in consequence, to heiself (not eieilast iii";, united, bin) long-continued lelicuy. A» fMKiui¿ his pile, and cas mg herself with him into the s mif- íhuiie, she said " lo draw her lord irom a lecion of torment, as a serpent- catcher draws a snake ft oin his hole." Her v.rtue expiates vvhat tter crimes he bad commuted even to the «« slaying a lirahmih'sretuiiniig evil for good, or killing his fritnd." And, lor this proof of u, a kind of Ma » uitdan p.iiddi*e I» piomised her. They niouni ll,''her to the higbet regions; and there with Hie btst o) husbands, lauded by chou s of Apsuras *lt spell» with lum as long as fourteen ladras 'ti, u, or, accoidmg to another medium of com- ical tun, fur so many years as thtre are hairs on '?'<\- hu man body, li is not, howevei, a practice to vl"ih the Hindus are in general enthusiastically studied ; or about which, as to its piopriety, they d/e uinvei sally aateed. - ElepunU of Hmau Laut. ./ BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF THE LATE GO- VERNOR KING.—A few authentic particulars of the life of this once Australian Ruler may be ac- ceptable to our Readers. He was born at Laun- ceston, in Cornwall, on the 23d of April, 1758 ; and was the son of Mr. Philip King, of that town, dra- per, who married the daughter of one Mr. John Gidley, of Exeter, Attorney at Law. Much as he owed to his parents, who educated him as far as their means would admit, he was indebted for his scholastic learning to Mr. Bailey, at Yarmouth. He derived, probably, some advantages from making an early choice of his profession. At the age of 12, young King went to the East Indies on board the Swallow frigate, Captain Shirley, by whom he was rated a midshipman. From this station he re- turned to England, at the end of five years, with much knowledge of his business, and some acquain- tance with the world. In 1775, he entered upon real service, in which he continued until relieved by Captain Bligh in the Government of this Colony. He went to Virginia with Captain Bellew, in the Liverpool, during the year 1775, with whom he con- tinued till the shipwreck of that frigate in Dela- ware Day. Having entered on board the Princess Royal, in October 1778, he was made a Lieutenant by Admiral Byron, into the Renown, on the 26th of November following. He returned to England in the subsequent year, and proceeded in the Chan- nel on board the Kite cutter, and Ariadne frigate, till the beginning of 1783. With Captain Phillip, afterwards first Governor of this Country, he went to the East Indies, as Lieutenant of the Europe, in January, 1783 ; whence he returned on the resto- ration of complete peace, in May 1784. In this service it was, that Phillip and King became ac- quainted with the merit of each other ; and when the expedition to New South Wales was projected, King was appointed Lieutenant of the Sirius, on the 25th of October, 1786, at the same time that Phillip was nominated Commander of the voyage. Lieutenant King had the honour to conduct the original settlers to Norfolk Island, of which he was constituted the first Commandant. At this time he was only second Lieutenant of the Sirius, but he was an officer so much esteemed by Governor Phillip, for great merit in his profession, that he was distinguished on this occasion from a groupe of his naval brethren. Subsequently, it is known, upon the retirement of Governor Hunter, that Phi- lip Gidley King, Esq. was appointed Governor in Chief of this Colony, over which he ruled, but was more feared than loved, for nearly a period of seven years. Mrs. KING, the mother of Mrs. HANNIBAL M'ARTHUR, was universally beloved in the Co- lony, for her very many excellent virtues, but above all, on account of pleading for those, in that era of the Colony, who needed some such powerful and attractive advocate. The Reader will not know which to admire most, in this rapid and brief sketch, whether the elevation of a draper's son to the Representative-ship of the British Monarch, or the superlative merit that leads to so great an exal- tation. But what must it have been that originally paved the way even to nobility itself—why the very qualification that exalted PHILIP GIDLEY KING—MERIT, only MERIT ! 