AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. \- - 000000 - *** For the political and other discussions of this Journal, the Government is wholly irresponsible, as well as quite unconnected-that department being entirely at the individual disretion of the Editor. The Government Notice, in reference to the ex- planation why and wherefore licences and assigned servants should not be afforded to individuals merely holding tickets of leave, will, no doubt, be univer- sally viewed as an act of condescension on the part of the Governor, which gives another illustration of the extreme benignity and firmness that have hitherto characterized the present Administration. From the multitude of animadversions that teemed from the Opposition, His Excellency perhaps thought it as well to efface evil impressions, that inevitably would otherwise have fastened on the unreflecting part of the community. It is upon this ground only that the Executive is justified, in our humble opinion, for making that stoop which at least calls forth gratitude from the breasts of those whom it most affects. With no trifling pleasure have we lately wit- nessed the renewal of that intercourse betwixt Australia and Hindostan, which we, in common with the defunct Express, have repeatedly laboured, to the utmost of our ability, to accomplish. When we see our harbour revisited by vessels from the en- riching climes of India, old times forcibly recur to our remembrance, and we cannot but with sensa- tions of delight recollect the years that are gone, when Sydney Cove could boast of many vessels riding at anchor, laden with the useful and valuable produce of Hindostan. For several years we have been unfortunately isolated from all connexion with India, and it is a well-known fact that letters have been forwarded from Calcutta via the Mauritius, and occupied 12 and even 15 months in reaching their destination. But this dreary state of things has lived its day, and at length is yielding to more propitious events. The Country is gradually at- tracting notice in India, as it must with every na- tion, and that confidence is becoming acquired which constitutes one of the grand essentials in affording stability to our rising Commerce. We are no longer a Colony of paltry dealers, furnished through the medium of three or four merchants, but Australia is growing into a commercial state, which, with every new year, will increase her importance in the scale of empires. Instead of a few mercantile houses, we have now firms and houses of the most respectable kind, not merely starting up, but established in every direction ; and to the vast num- ber which we could enumerate, were it necessary for our purpose, accessions of wealth and importance are continually flowing in to our shores. The mer- chant of Calcutta has now no need of consider- ing the safest house to which he may consign his ship and cargo- since we should be puzzled to tell him that which was likely to prove unsafe, upon so broad and permanent a scale has our commer- cial credit become established ; and emigration will not, we suppose, occasion any diminution in so prosperous a synopsis of our mercantile condition, which will be rendered indelibly secure by the establishment of the Bank of Australia, and the amalgamation of the Bank of New South Wales with that of the Sydney Commercial Bank-which we cordially hope will meet with no obstruction. That old and honourable house of Mr. Robert Campbell, of George- street, which once had nearly the whole run of the Hindostanee mart, so far as our trifling wants could be considered of mo- ment, has once more entered upon its commercial-re- lations with that Country, and the Active has been fitted out for Calcutta accordingly, to which port she long since sailed. The house of Aspinall, Browne, and Co. the-stability of which no one can question, has given us noble proofs of its wish to "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA;" and at the same time, as a very proper reward for such patriotism, thereby must inevitably promote its own commer- cial aggrandizement. Jones and Walker, Cooper and Levey, and Mr. A. B. Spark, with several others, have all shewn a readiness, and a laudable anxiety, to renew and maintain that intercourse which would be beneficial to both Countries-to Australia in a commercial point of view ; and to Hindostan, as a very safe and cheap retreat for all her European invalids- where health would, in 19 cases out of 20, meet with speedy and certain restoration. We have often urged these points for the consideration of those whom they most affect, and therefore will again leave the subject-satis- fied as we are that Countries so nearly allied, by geographical situation, could not do better than promote the prosperity of each other. Besides, we do not forget that Australia is, at present, tributary to Hindostan, so far as Ecclesiastical relations can recognize such a condition. We feel tempted to close these remarks with a verse from a poetical effusion, composed on a celebrated occasion, by our paternal Progenitor. "Now Commerce her bosom expands to the gale, And Science o'er darkness begins to prevail ; Religion's pure dictates illumines the mind, And a Friend in our Patron and Ruler we find ! A Patron, whose sympathy hails the decree, That bids the lorn exile "Amend, and be free !" omitted to attend. There was a good deal of busi- ness done. William Carter, Esq. the very ex- cellent and worthy Treasurer, relinquished his post, to the regret of all the Trustees, Gregory Blax- A Meeting of the Trustees of the Sydney Gram- mar School was held on Monday last. Through some misconception, several of the Gentlemen omitted to attend. There was a good deal of busi- ness done. William Ca cellent and worthy to the regret of land, Esq. withdrew two of his sons from the Institution, until some unpleasant reports, which had gone abroad relating to those connected with the teaching department, were investigated. A Com- mittee of five Gentlemen were appointed to enquire into the truth and nature of these calumnies. Some- thing unpleasant, too, occurred concerning certain subscriptions, which are said not to be clear to the Trustees, and this also is to be adjusted. After the alacrity and earnestness with which this Institution was set on foot, we should be very sorry to see it drop into decay through any misunderstanding or incon- venience that the Trustees have power to remedy. Mr. Carter's loss is no trifle in so young an Insti- tution, though it is supplied by the appointment of Mr. Samuel Terry. We are glad to see, for the sake of our Readers in the Country, that the stage-coaches will start, after Monday next, at the usual-winter-hours, viz right and four. Our contemporary is really a sympathetic and kind-hearted fellow, when one becomes acquainted with him. In his last, he says, that "the sympa- thy of the Public seems to be very justly exerted on behalf of the well-behaved ticket- of-leave holders." Rather does he not sympathize with those deserving men from interested motives, there- by aiming at the extension of their support to his declining Journal ? Is not this the fact, learned Sir ? But too many, notwithstanding this flimsy covering, exclaim with us- " We do not like thee, Doctor Fell; The reason why we cannot tell, But this we know, and that full well, We do not like thee, Doctor Fell !" " We cannot complain (says our contemporary) of the most rigid discipline that can be adopted to keep in awe and order, and due controul, the prison population of the Country." The ticket-of-leave men are thus flatly told how unfortunately they are circumstanced for the present in life ; and then, by way of a palliative for such unnecessary and unac- ceptable candour, they are instructed that they have at least a right to expect the same indulgence as a free man looks for, namely, the bestowment of a licence ! We are aware that the deserving ticket of-leave man, who has been hitherto a decent pub- lican, must feel the disadvantages attending the withdrawment of such an indulgence in future ; but, ask any prisoner of the Crown whether he would not consider the indulgence of a ticket-of-leave to be a boon sufficient, without the appendage of a licence. Ascertain what would be his answer; and only let the enquiry be instituted, whether those who now possess tickets-of-leave would not have condemned the idea of a licence, if it could possi- bly have interfered with their personal liberty ? The Crown has a right to exert its influence over its own subjects, and a ticket-of-leave holder, upon the shewing of our contemporary, is a Crown ser- vant ; therefore, abstracted from all hypothetical argument, the Crown has a right to exercise all its jurisdiction over its servants, so that cruelty and injustice are not manifested in the course of events. It cannot be termed cruelty to favour a deserving man with relief from bondage; and pray where can be the injustice in not allowing a man to get a precarious and fortuitous existence, as that of the public line has often proved to be, and obliging him to have recourse to other callings over which the Government choose to exercise no controul? The Government has a right to guard the morals I of the people ; this cannot be better effected than by narrowly looking after public-houses; and it has often been a matter of surprise to us, that so many licences had been issued indiscriminately to all ranks and conditions of men, by which means the moral condition of the people has been altoge- ther overlooked. Our contemporary might just as well find fault with the Sydney Bench for withdraw- ing a ticket-of-leave from John Jones, on the 7th instant, because the fellow cohabited with another man's wife--thanks to the Magistracy for such an act- one that has prevailed throughout the Country to the disgrace of too many of the Powers that be ; but now that the Sydney Magistracy has led the van in striking at the root of so monstrous an evil as that of adultery, we fervently hope that the Justices of the Peace, throughout the Territory, will nobly follow the example of their moral Brethren-a moral Magistrate being a blessing for which Aus- tralia cannot be too grateful. But our contemporary might, with equal propriety, espouse Jones's cause as that of the ticket-of-leave men-though we do not say they are parallel cases ; but his arguments will apply with equal force to each circumstance, though totally dissimilar-so great a novice is the Australian Editor in the article of common sense. "It might happen (says he) that the privilege of a ticket-of-leave could be no service whatever, for it might happen (might happen again !) that, the indi- vidual to whom it was given could apply himself to nothing whatever, but to the business of a publi- can." Then, it would appear that tickets-of-leave have been given in times past-at least it might happen- that publicans might be increased ; and also, that those ticket-of-leave men, who were pub- licans, had no other means of subsistence ! Did ever any one read such stuff, said to emanate from the learned brains of a gentleman and scholar. Then, by our contemporary's shewing, the Govern- ment had better call a census of the ticket-of-leave men, and ascertain the number of them that cannot live without keeping a public-house, as it is a pity that such good characters hitherto should be neces- sitated to "vagabondize" through the Colony, as it would be infinitely wiser in the Government to allow them (as the Australian says) to " return to the Barracks." If the arguments of our contem- porary be built upon solid grounds, we are inclined to own that the Crown must be highly indebted to him for his gratuitous acumen, because there is no need, in our day, of increasing the roll of va- grants, as the list of absentees can testify. Such argumentation, however, is illogical and imbecile in the extreme-and of that kind which might be avoided by a 12-year old school-boy. Some of the ticket-of-leave holders are possessed of property, which will save them from "vagabondizing," and their continued exemplary and honest behaviour will not, we apprehend, accelerate their "return to the Barracks." We have gone further with this arti- cle than we intended, with the view of calming the fears of the Government, because, were arguments like those of our contemporary to be relied on, all the ticket-of-leave men, at least those who are said not to be able to live without selling beer and rum, might be called in ; it is a wish, therefore, to preserve a great portion of our industrious Commu- nity from such unpleasantnesses, that constrains us to descend to notice such foolery. We know se- veral ex-publicans that are now going to sell off their sock in trade wholesale, and turn their atten- tion to objects more worthy of themselves, and that will be infinitely more entitled to the esteem of the Public than selling grog ; and one enterprising man, of the name of Wilson-but there are many such- is employing his money, and his mechanical genius, in establishing the gas lights in the Country. Such men are true patriots, and deserve well at the hands of their fellow-citizens ; and these are the charac- ters that will assuredly meet with protection and encouragement under a wise, enlightened, and ener- getic Administration. Last Thursday we saw a long attack on the Free Grammar School, or at least one levelled at those connected with it. Now, we would enquire, might it not be as well to leave silvery hairs and old age alone, for " the hoary head is a crown of glory, if it ; be found, in the way of righteousness." But our contemporary seems to entertain little " good-will" for those connected with the Grammar School. " Rub-a-dub, of once flourishingTasmania, forgets that " it is not persons but principles" we attack. This we have always avowed ; this we will always declare ; and any thing short of this we defy Mus- tapha, or any other of our wily contemporaries, to demonstrate. We acknowledge no medium between truth and falsehood ; our principles remain in- variably the same ; they take their origin from a strong desire to strengthen the hands of the Govern- ment that this desirable object should be kept within its grasp. It is here we essentially differ from Rub-a-dub. He knows it-he feels it-he sees our principles ratifying though every portion of our flourishing Community-a vigorous Govern- ment, plentiful crops, enriching commerce, smiling faces, and loyal hearts. To the principles of the Government we remain unshaken ; our institutions are healthy; their decrees are just and beneficial ; the community invariably acknowledge this; and because we adhere to what is good and beneficial, Mustapha, the miserable satellite of the dis- tracted Australian, is assailed with convulsive agonies. He contrasts the condition of Tasmania with New South Wales. Like the arch fiend, how- ever, he seems to triumph over the ruin which the Colonial Times has created, and would fain tempt us to become his auxiliary in guilt to involve our adopted Country, and the Country of our children, in similar destruction. But, no ! We will jog on in the good old faith, and leave Mustapha, if he choose, to become captain- general of bushrangers and other banditti, with his rum-bottle in one hand, his bible-bumper in the other, and his whole seraglio of strumpets at his heels ! ! The shade of Lantech bids us stop. " That was the unkindest cut of all," thought our contemporary, when he found that he was not ap- pointed to sit on the Bench as Puisne Judge, nor even as Commissioner of the Court of Requests. His learned stomach* seemed to have been yawning after a place, and when he found that the experiment of giving a sort of half accommodation to the Go- vernment in his Journal, and thought to make up for the rest by nods and winks-we say, when he found that his cajollery availed him not, he turns fairly round, and attacks, sans cérémonie, Government Orders, Orders in Council, &c.; then lunges furiously at the new Commissioner, thinking, by these des- perate manoeuvres, to effect a breach where he could accomplish none before. He is afraid of attempting any direct attack upon us-indeed he could not so far condescend, pure Merino as he is,-but endea- vours to reach us through the medium of the Com- missioner. He charges him with " boldly standing forward as his own champion ;" but this is one of his old tales ; and we beg to assure him, that the Com- missioner might have written a more scholastic article, but he could not have produced one so unan- swerable, as far as our judgment goes-and that stretches beyond the comprehension of our gentle- manly contemporary. We would wish to insinuate to the Public, that we were incapable of making such "learned distinctions between law and equity:" but our contemporary has proved himself once more unable to furnish a single reason, by way of success- ful replication to our unsophisticated arguments, unless we abandon our usual fastidiousness of taste, and accept his assertions for arguments. We have no doubt our " way-worn brother" felicitated himself on the mode of attack which he devised, but we must assure him that, however much we may respect the talents of Dr. Douglass, we stand in no need of his assistance in our official capacity. We have always been-so it strikes us-more than a match for the scholarship of the Australian ; and, although we have not the honour of being called to wear a wig, we at all times carry about with us a thundering thumping shillelagh-no thanks to a certain celebra- ted solicitor-as an emblem of the sledge-hammer like manner in which we can attack and lay pros- trate every ignoble adversary. P.S.-Our contemporary has spoken, we think, most disrespectfully of the Chancellor's foot. He does not declare it to be cloven, but he very plainly gives us to understand that it is, in point of size, unlike every other body's. Is this actionable? Eli ? " A Dr. Brown has written a work for the express purpose of proving, that the stomach is the seal of wisdom. Cruelty to Animals.-A mau named Cuth- bert, who we believe to be an industrious and other- wise honest character, is accustomed, like many others in the town, to let out horses to hire. On the night of Saturday last a horse was engaged for the following day to go as far as the half-way house. The money was desired to be sent early in the morning, as it was said " the first come, the first served." Accordingly, a messenger was despatched in the morning with 10s. who returned with an animal, that was in every sense of the word, a second Resinante. The bridle and saddle were in tatters the entrails of the saddle exuding from beneath the tattered leather. But the horse, or the ghost of the horse, was of all animals the most miserable to be- hold. One of his shoulders was bare, to the bone the back was nearly as bad-the girt of the saddle was stiffened with blood that had flown from the belly of the animal, and the inside of the beast might have been seen, could humanity only have indulged in the spectacle-conjoined to which there was not a rib, nor any bone, that did not manifest itself in every direction. Such was the beast intro- duced to go on a journey, that did not appear able to stand two minutes together. The servant, or rider of the suffering animal, was remonstrated with on the extreme cruelty of lending out such a steed, which was calculated to excite horror in the breast of the beholder. But he merely laughed, and when he was told to request his master to return the money, and take back his horse, he whipped and spurred the poor bag of bones off in a taunting way, saying that no money would be returned. This fact came under our personal observation, and occurred on Sunday morning last ; and were it not for that inten- sity of business which incessantly occupies our at- tention, we should certainly have moved in some other way, but as it is, we thought it our duty to render public the transaction, as we have a host of witnesses to substantiate the inhumanity which we fail in delineating. We would hope that Cuthbert was ignorant of his servants letting out such animals, for we are satisfied that no man of common feeling could have mounted so tortured and miserable an animal ; and the person, that could ride such a horse we should consider infinitely worse than the owner, and guilty of the greater outrage on humanity. Any servant that could let out horses of the above description to hire, either with or without their masters' knowledge, ought most unquestionably to be visited with corporal punishment, for much as we abominate that kind of chastisement, we think it is the only one fit for men of such unfeeling hearts. We have received our usual supply of South African Commercial Advertisers, per the Toward Castle. In that of the 14th of December, there is upwards of a page occupied in " Extracts from Mr. Bigge's Report on New South Wales." We should not have deemed this entitled to notice, only it happens to form that highly objectionable por- tion which has created such universal dissatisfac- tion among all ranks and classes of our Community, and therefore cannot fail of ripping up old grie- vances every time it appears anew in print. We should not express our disapprobation at seeing Mr. Greig so studious to please his Readers, only it appears to us that his Extracts are not re-pub- lished with the best motives in the world. The Ministry, too, are no way anxious that the Colonists should be annoyed with certain representations upon which they have long since ceased to act. However a day is coming when this Report shall have justice ren- dered to every line of it, and where commendation is due to the Commissioner he shall have it, and when the beam goes against him, we trust no offence will be entertained, as it will be the aim of some one to render justice impartially to all. This is enough for the present. There was a report in Town the latter part of the last week, that the Chief Justice (Forbes) was much worse at Regent-ville ; but we have sincere pleasure in contradicting such a report, as the Chief Justice and Suite pursued their route over the mountains on Friday last, and His Honor's health was improving. The Bank of Australia will commence business at an early day-so it is conjectured. On Thurs- day evening last the shares were extended to 1200, but Mr. J. T. Campbell proposed that they should be increased to 1500, which however was overruled by the meeting at the instance of Mr. Oxley, who stated that the former number would be fully ade- quate to the present means of the Colony. A Com- mittee was appointed, and a suitable building is to be taken forthwith. The John, on her way to this port, had occasion to put into Jervis's Bay, and while lying there rescued two men from famine. They at first re- ported themselves to be shipwrecked seamen, not supposing that the vessel was coming to Sydney, but as soon as they ascertained that they were bound for this port, it then was thought advisable to state that they were runaways from the farm of Thomas Wal- ker, Esq. of Concord. There was a boat lying in Jervis's Bay, which seemed to be unseaworthy, and had no doubt been conveyed thither by these run- aways, but of the boat they knew nothing. The current price of wheat in Hobart Town is from 8s. 6d. to 9s. Some of an inferior quality has been sold for 7s. One of the Launceston settlers sold 8000 bushels of wheat very recently, to one house there, at the rate of 8s. a bushel. Thus, it appears, the grain maintains a fair price. The way in which the Post Office is conducted at Hobart Town reflects the highest possible credit on Mr.Collicott, the Postmaster. The moment a ship or vessel is announced in sight, a well-manned boat is in readiness, and, while the vessel is making her way up the river-one of far greater extent than Sydney Harbour, though not by any means so com- modious-Mr. Collicott proceeds to meet her, and his pinnace is always second alongside to that of the Naval Oflicer. He never thinks of allowing the vessel to be at anchor, even in that tremendous har- bour, without relieving her of that part of the cargo which constitutes the mail. Mr. C. then hastens to shore with the rapidity of a corsair, and the moment he reaches terrafirma, he flies to his Office, where, in the course of a few minutes, with proper assistance, all the letters and despatches are assorted, and in the course of half an hour there is hardly a person in the large town of Hobart with- out his letter. After the bustle is over, before he moves afoot, Mr. Collicott then prepares an alpha- betical list, which is exposed as quickly as possible pro bono publico. This is something like public business, but this is not all. The Post Office at Hobart Town is open the live-long day, not closed even during the breakfast and dinner-hour, and even after tea, Mr. Collicott is so extremely polite, that he will, in the twinkling of an eye, toss over piles of papers, to deliver any letter that may be applied for. This is business-like, say our Readers ; yes, we respond-Hobart Town is the place for a true English Post-office; and we care not how soon the disadvantages, under which Mr. Panton labours, are removed. The Toward Castle was only 108 days at sea, on, her way to this port. She called and stopped at four different ports, and was two months at the Cape . Jefferies, the monster of Tasmania, has written his life. He is a painter by trade, and we have now lying before us three drawings, in which the mon- . ster has pourtrayed himself in various circum- stances, but still keeping in view that demoniac cast which stamps him as a very fiend. His life he wrote in the gaol at Launceston, which is also be- fore us, and is intituled " The History of Thomas Jefferies, bom in the Cily of Bristol, in the year of 1791, aged 34, executed at Launceston 1826." It is written in a legible and clear hand ; reads to- lerably well ; but the orthography is indifferent, as might be expected from a creature that has passed his life in the most foul and bloody career ever nar- rated. In 21 days only, he perpetrated the follow- ing murders, viz. 1. Tibb's man ; 2. Tibb's infant;' 3\. Mr. Sutherland's man ; 4. one of his associates ; 5\. Baker,a constable; 6. Russell; 7. wounded Tibbs; and 8. wounded a soldier ! Of several other mur- ders he has also been guilty. We have thoughts of publishing the history of this monster's awful career, and prefixing to it engravings of the drawings which he has afforded, could they be done in time. The celebrated Michael Howe, of Tasma- nian celebrity, is no way comparable to this wretch, for Jefferies stands confessed, in our opinion, the greatest monster that ever cursed the earth. Co- lonel Arthur, while at Launceston, saw him in gaol. His Excellency told him there could be no hope of mercy for such a character, and therefore advised him to prepare for another state. He re- plied, in the most cool manner possible, that he did not expect mercy, and the only favour he had to ask was, that he might be led out to execution with as little delay as possible! His parents, he says, were respectable and religious. CORONER'S INQUEST. — On Friday last an In- quest was held at the Cheshire Cheese public-house, on the Parramatta-road, on the body of a man named Joseph Smith, a prisoner of the Crown, who was killed by a fall from a cart while in a state of in- toxication. Verdict - Died from suffocation, occa- sioned by excessive drinking. 