ANECDOTES, &c.;— AMUSING AND INSTRUC- TIVE. The Dead Alive.— The following singular cir- cumstance lately occurred at St. Petersburgh :— " Two gentlemen had contracted a bitter and irre- concileable enmity against each other. A servant of one happening to die, was buried within twenty-four hours, after the Russian custom, when the other de- termined to gratify his revenge upon his adversary, by accusing him of the murder of his man. To give a colour to this accusation, accompanied by some of his confiden- tial servants, he proceeded privately to disinter the corpse, with a view of inflicting marks of violence upon it. The body was removed from the coffin and held erect, that it might undergo a severe flogging, when, to the astonishment and dismay of the party, after a few blows had been inflicted, animation returned, and the affrighted resurrection men ran off with the utmost pre- cipitation. The corpse at length recovering its animation, was enabled to move off in its shroud and regain its master's habita- tion, which it entered, to the great terror of its respective inha- bitants. At length, however, his reality becoming certain, they were re- assured, and the supposed ghost communicated all he could remember of the state he had been in, which was, that his senses had, not left him, notwithstanding he had felt so cold and torpid as to he incapable of speech or motion, until the blows had restored him. This led to the detection of the diabolical plan against his master's life and character. The servants of the monster confessed their participation in the act, and he was con- sequently arraigned before the senate." The DOG of EXPEDIENTS.— One of the mountaineers, of Au- vergne, whose trade it is to exhibit live monkeys and dancing bears, had.also trained half a dozen dogs to different exercises. One mounted guard, with a gun and little sabre ; another made perilous leaps ; a third jumped Iike a frog ; a fourth, clad in a black robe, and placed in a chair, maintained a thesis, by howl- ing incessantly at the others, who replied in return, by barking at him. In short, this little corps of four-footed comedians formed the revenue of their master with two ; for mankind pay better for what amuses them, than for lessons of wisdom and prudence. Through a jealousy, too common among people of the same trade, a dealer in bears poisoned five of the dramatis personae of his rival, who, afflicted at so serious a loss (for five dancers cannot be made in a day) fell sick and took to his bed. Having no means, and being in extreme want, the poor devil had recourse to the following expedient :— He trained his re- maining spaniel to carry a billet, on which were written the fol- lowing lines :— " For my sick master in his bed Mourning o'er his actors dead, All whose drollery hath fled, Kind spectators, give me bread." The animal, who was very sagacious, had learnt his part in less than a week, when his owner said, " Go, Sapajou, and save the life of your master.'' Sapajou was a little marmozet, that mounted the dog's back and laboured with him in his mimic exhibition. The dog accordingly received the monkey on his back, dressed in a rose-coloured gown and blue turban : then, guided by the little son of the mountaineer, he went to the place Belle Cour. and crowds ran to see the sport. On this, the monkey alighted, and seizing a slick, -drove Ahem -tova-ceriainjJialance, wbere they formed a circle.- The ground, being clear, the dog performed, by way of prelude, several of his customary tricks; he then danced a minuet,with the monkey ; he leaped for the King, the Queen, and the Count d'Artois ; and, at the conclusion of his tricks, he took a hat between his paws and made a collection, as he so licited respectfully, the delighted spectators. The farthings pence, and even pieces of silver, fell in such abundance, that the sick master got money enough to cure him, and in a litt- time set up another corps of comedians. — L'Histoire des Chiens 'Celebres. Fatal EFFECTS of Seduction.— Berne, Aug. 2. — A most extraordinary and distressing event has lately occurred in our. town.- A Hanoverian, 80 years of age who was formerly a master of arms, resided at a coun- try-house near Berne, with his five daughters,' the eldest of whom was, aged 30, and the youngest 16. The family were of very retired habits, but were chiefly governed by the elder-sister, who was noted for her imperious disposition, and an opposition to religion which approached to fanaticism. It appeared that a young Englishman, who had been for some time an occasional visitor to the house, became smitten with one of the daughters, and, one fine evening, as the five sisters were taking the air in a carriage in the avenues of the Eugi, they met him in his cabrio- let, accompanied by a friend. After parading up and down for some time, an exchange of vehicles was proposed to, and ac- cepted by the young ladies — one of whom accompapied the Englishman, and his friend entered the carriage with the ladies. A similar change was effected, until the Englishman found him self with the object of his affection, with whom he immediately decamped, and the others, thinking that he had returned to the house by another road; gave themselves no uneasiness, but con- tinued their road homewards. On arriving, however, they found he had not returned, and the eldest sister becoming alarmed, sent and informed the police that her sister had been runaway with. The next day news was heard that the runaways were at Fri- bourg, to which place she immediately set out, accompanied by one of her sisters. Before her departure she told the two re- maining, that if she were not returned by a certain hour, it would be a proof that their family was dishonored, in which case it be came the duty of them all to renounce life. She required even, and extorted from them a solemn oath, that they would drown themselves if they (the two elder sisters) were not returned at the hour mentioned. On arriving at Fribourg, and finding their sister, whom they could not persuade to return to their paternal home, the two resolved upon putting their fatal resolution into effect, for which purpose they repaired to the banks of the Sa- rine, but the younger on arriving, finding her courage fail, ex- claimed,''Kill me, sister, I can, never, throw myself into the river. ''The eldest immediately drew a dagger, and was about to perpetrate the fatal deed, when a peasant coming up interrupted the fatal design. It appears that at this moment an idea crossed her mind, and she immediately despatched the peasant to pre- ven her other two sisters from putting their fatal oath into effect. but, alas ! too late. After having prepared every necessary for their aged father during the day, they dressed themselves in their best apparel, and on arriving at the banks of the Aar, they fas- tened themselves with a shawl, and embracing each other, preci- pitated themselves into the river, in which position their bodies were found some time after. The Englishman and his friend, to gether with the eldest sister, who have declared all the above circumstances, have been put into close confinement, and the affair will be brought before the tribunals. WINES. — The fine flavour of all fruits being nearly destroyed by the process of fermentation, those who wish to preserve the fla- vour of a fruit in wine should dissolve the sugar in water, and ferment it forteen days in an atmosphere of about the temperature of 60. (The fermentation is more complete hi a (ub overod ov,f with a; bluukct than in a cask.) 'I lie juice of I lie fruit or Ih broktri/ruit, may, then he \veil mixed with i\\\ and ,ifier stnndin one df»'y» the' licjuor jij.vv he strained off into .i Cri^k. rft d a fcin.i c|uaiitity of binndy --dtif.d to prCv«iit fiirtlicr f- riiicntatioii. 'ih wiiie thus prewired will not only coutaia the Jiavour ul' the frui nit will be equal to any foreign wine in consequence uf lltp sugar' leing properly decomposed by foimentnlion, 'City Wit. — The Recorder of London, at -a. city dinner/ laving been called upon for a^song. regretted that it was iwt'in lis power to gratify the wishes of (lie company .? a worthy alder nan, who wns present, observed (hat he was much surprised by he refusal of Uie learned person, as it was notorious that num -efs 'had been transported by his voice. ,, Gambling. — The Count-Salvjnsky, a rich Polander, has re :ently lost at Piquet 20,000 acres of woodland, and a ,uia.gnifi cient chateau, situated in Saxony. The Prince Dolgorouky is he winner. The Count Salvinsky is the sanie''pprson'swln- ai Constantinople won of the Captain Pacha, at a game 'off-chess, twelve slaves, and 16,000 leopard skins, which'he sold in Hun gary for 700,000 florins and set the slaves at liberty. — Paris paper. FRENCH MANUFACTURES. — A gentle'man lately arrived from Fiance, state that the capitalists who had recently established cotton spinning in France, had procured a person, from'. Mr. Houldsworth's factory in Manchester, to overlook the spinning of' finer cotton than they had hitherto spun in the new establish ment ; but on their learning that the degree' of 'hear required for this purpose, was from 75 to 90 degrees, they 'told' him that nothing could indued the French to work in that heat. The in tended superintendant accordingly returned to England.'' Effects of Temperance.—We find from the registers of the Society, of Friends or Quakers, that as a consequence of their temperance, one half of those that are born live to the age of 47 years, whereas Dr. Price tells us, that of the general popu lation of London, half that are born live only 23 -4-t years! Among the Quakers, 1 in 10 arrives, at 80 years of age; of the general population of London, only 1 in 40.. .Never did a more powerful argument support the practicc of temperance and vir tue.—Boston Medical Intelligence. The Grand Streets.—The streets from the British Mus- eum to Northumberland House will be the cheif d'oeuvre of Mr. Nash's skill, for report speaks of it in the highest terms of pane- gyric. It will be perfectly straight,' ascending by St. Martin's lane to the spot called 'The Seven' Dials,' cutting away numer- ous triangles in its approach to Holborn, and three cross-streets to the Museum. The whole of St. Martin's-lane, right and Jeft, comes down, for it is'to be the widest street in Europe. The centre of the left is Lord Salisbury's estate, and the 'houses now standing were many of them mansions, the 'abode' of Members of Parliament, little more than half a century ago. The Tuscan, the Doric',' and the' Composite, are to be the favountc- orders ; the first;' being the most simple ami solid, will take tlie'lead. The uuitcd parishes of St. Martin's, St. Anne's, and St. Giles's, have fiad plans laid before them by the Government. It is to be the ' most magnificent street in the world' — the words are so ex pressed ! Lately the plans have been recalled by 'the Board of Works from each vestry, with an intimation lb.at they.will be re turned in January next. This street will improve the Bedford Estate by^-at least twenty thousand, a year ; and, had Waterloo bridge been in a line with1 it, what a matchless pictme it would have produced. It is the due consideration of this that has .suggested ' the commendable idea of opening a wide street from .Waterloo-bridge to the New road, upon a plan which will render -it perhaps the most magni ficent thing of the 'kind in all Europe. ? ' On a tomb-stone in the burying ground of Church Crettow, a village in Shropshire, on the road between Ludlow and Shrews bury, is the epitaph : — On a Thursday she was born, On a Thursday made a bride, On a Thursday put to bed, On a Thursday broke her leg, and On a Thursday died ! Tn the lnst Monthly Magazine, the old hypothesis of Iloinc Tooke's being the author of Juhiu's's 'Letters/is again broached. Wedonot think the magazine writer is very- happy in the proofs he brings, but lie asserts one or two facts ; that the copies of Jiinius, bound in the blue marble paper,'- Sic. (as directed in:bis private correspondence with Woodfall,^' had .been found in Tooke's library after his death ;i and that tire original MSS. of Junius, in Tooke's hand-writing, have been discovered among some mnsty papers; by, and. arc how hi the possession of, 'John W. Croker, Esq. M. P. Secretary to the Admiralty.- We doubt Ihu 'facets, b.iit if triiei they are certainly curious. Junius is a most' polymo^ihuiis -person. ~ Lord GeorgcSack .ville' was certainly 'Uie man the other day. 'He was -preceded by Sir P. Francis. Some have been- Juhius^because'they wore white coats, others because they were tall and thin.'1 There 'was, a ge neral. Lee who was Junius because he was followed by an odd dug, ilioiigli some iromttiQ same reason inclined to think him the man in the room. But to make ' Parson Horne'\Tuniiis, is certainly a novelty. Perhaps, after all, lie wll turnout to be the Duke of Grafton or George the Third.] A lady in Kent asked her gardener why the weeds always out grew and overran the flowers ? ' Madam,' answered the gardener, ' the soil is mother to the -weeds, but only stepmother to the flowers." A lady, who had been a long while under the care. of a London physician, was advised by him to visit Bath, and her attentive friend furnished, her with a letter of introduction to a no', less ce lelebrated practitioner 'at that place. The lady, with true' femi- nine curiosity, stimulated' not a' little by a natural* wish to know his real opinion of lier case; so far violated the laws of honour, as to break the seal — when she found, to 'utter dismay, ihe letter, of which-she was the bearer, as follows : — ' My dear Friend— I send you a fine fat pigeon, whom I have well plucked, and who will bear more plucking. Pray make the most of her. Your's ever.'' From this letter, laconic as it was, the lady derived more benefit than from all the prescriptionsr^of her physician ; for instead of going to be plucked, she stayed quietly at home, abandoned doctors and medicine, and with the letter, sent a ready-plucked pigeon to the physician at Bath. One of a fine pair of coach horses, which a Judge once had upon trial, died suddenly ; and the servant calling upon the horse-dealer, to communicate the misfortune that hacThappYned,' 'Ay,' said the horse-dealer, with a significant shrug of the shoulders, '' I knew how it would be when your master had them on trial." A person has invented what he calls a marine cravat, to pre vent persons from drowning. It is a cylinder of leather, water proof, three inches in diameter, sufficiently long to surround the neck, and fasten behind with a buckle, or clasp. It possesses a buoyancy sufficient to keep person's head above water, so that by its use any one, though unable to swim, might venture into the deepest water, and remain suspended in security. 