AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. Mr. Peel, and the Consolidation of the Statute Law of Theft.- Our Parlia- mentary News, in the last page of this Paper, is of the most interesting kind. To some of our Readers it may appear heavy, but there is no1 a Briton, un- der a British Government, that is not more or less immediately involved in this noble effort of the above Right Honorable Gentleman to ameliorate, simplify, and consolidate the Statute Law of Theft. The man who would pass over Mr. Peel's elaborate and learned speech, without favouring it with a steady perusal, we should feel no reluctance in re- cording as any thing but an Englishman. The ef- forts, in the course of last Session, of Mr. Peel, respecting the Jury Act, can never be lost sight of by the grateful Briton ; and we have little doubt that the same distinguished success will crown the labours of this truly patriotic and popular Minister on the present occasion. We will not enter into the merits of the question, because it is our object that the Public should read for themselves, by which means they will more readily understand the benefits that will inevitably result from the renovating ef- fects of this contemplated Act, to the fate of which we shall look forward with some degree of anxiety.' One observation, made by the Right Honorable Se- cretary, as it helps our remarks lately on the Po lice of this country, is worthy of regard in this place. "In the connty of Middlesex (says Mr. Peel), during the seven years from 1793, the num- ber of criminals executed was 272; and, during a like period, terminating with the past year, they amounted to 165. This diminution of crime might be fairly attributed to the efficiency of the Police ; and it was his intention to give additional efficiency lo the laws, by improving them, an attempt in which, he hoped, he should not be discouraged." - So far from being discouraged, we trust that the Right Honorable Gentleman will be encouraged by the united voices of both Houses of Parliament, and that the topstone will be laid to this superlative art of policy, by the gracious voice of Majesty itself. It would seem, however, that a diminution of crime must necessarily be preceded by an efficient Police. 'Tis true that crime does not pervade this Country to the frightful extent it once did, and this may be attributed to our present improved and more efficient Police; but 'tis quite clear, if we place any reliance on Mr. Peel, as one of the most resplendent oracles of the present day, that crime in this Country will not so rapidly diminish as it has done in the Mother Country, unless we also have an efficient Police, which we have not, as yet - otherwise Captain Rossi would demonstrate that greater things might be effected than have hitherto | come to pass. We wish, therefore, that the Go- vernment would, at its earliest convenience, favour the observations that we have dropped on this head with its consideration-particularly our former al- lusions to the Veteran Corps. We understand that the Attorney General baa commenced a prosecution, ex- officio, against the Monitor, for an attack on the Magistracy. We are sorry for this, because a tolerable share of com mon sense, and an efficient Journal to keep every opposition paper in proper order, is, in our estima- tion, quite enough, without the interposition of the Law. Upon this ground it is, that we would argue against the re-imposition of any Censorship on the Colonial Press, inasmuch as so far from rendering a benefit to the Country, it would be the greatest blow that could be levelled at our growing interests. No real friend to Australia would ever think of calling into fashion those letters which hare been so lately knocked off, and wc do not ¡mag ne, at least we should hope so, that there is au individual in the Country, who possesses an iota of liberality, that would harbour sentiments so averse to the spirit of the British Constitution. If there were no press to detect and expose vituperation and falsehood, then, indeed, the case would be altered, but where there is a Journal that sweeps every opponent before it with the same facility as the hurricane carries away the chaff, no danger can possibly arise, and no ill effects are likely to result. The powers of contro- versy only render truth more simple, more fasci- nating, more majestic - and Governments -, that are founded on truth, justice, and mercy, can have little to apprehend from those little curs around that must bark, in order to let the world know they stand in need of support. Unless an Editor were outrageously violent, like unto the Colonial Times, and continued to demónstrate that his aim was first to undermine, and then to revolutionine the land, we should say that a calm perusal of a few speci- mens of his own rashness, with the marked disap- probation of the Public, would be attended with more salutary effects than the most rigid prosecution that could possibly be enforced against such an Editor. We are decidedly opposed to this prosecu- tion, if the report be correct ; and wc should not be so candid on this occasion, had it not been our im- pression that Mr. Hall had been rendered ridiculous enough, without pushing him too hard with the ter- rors of the law. By no means do we question the acts of His Majesty's Attorney General, because we think the learned Gentleman laudably views his interference as absolutely necessary for the protection, or the safety, or the peace of the Government- but all these prosecutions, if followed up, will be equal to the imposition of a Censorship on this Journal, because we. shall not feel the same liberty in chastising our offending brethren, if the law is also to take its course, as such conduct would be quite ungenerous ; but this observation only is intended to apply so far as the Government is involved in these castigations from the opposite side. To wind up: we wish everyone that may be tried for libels a safe deliverance. We confess we were rather considerably sur- prised on seeing the trial, if such it might be termed, and acquittal of Mr. Geoige Harper, so triumphantly blazoned forth in the columns of the last Australian. Application was made some weeks ago, and we are bound to say we know not for what purpose—perhaps for a Iaudable one —to the Aus- tralian, that insertion of the then pending trial might be foregone. To the Monitor, we perfectly well know that a communication was sent, and that Mr. Hall immediately acquiesced, else the same trial would doubtless have appeared in the Monitor on Friday. For some time we resisted the appli- cation, reserving to ourselves the right of action, in such a case, until the result of the investigation was known. In consequence of so much interest, therefore, having been excited with all the Papers, as we fully understood, and as the issue of the ju- dicial enquiry terminated more like the abandon- ment of the case, than even so much as an acquittal, we thought it as well to soothe the feelings of those concerned, by a strict silence ; but could we pos- sibly have dreamt that Mr. George Harper, or any harper like the Australian, would have availed himself of our credulity to aim a blow at the Constituted Authorities, we should indubitably also have given a report of the case (and not a partial report) accompanied with our remarks, and it is not quite clear to us that our view would have been in any way assimilated to that of our ex- ulting contemporary. In that case we might have remarked, that it would have been extremely im- prudent in the Government, and especially in a new Government, to have neglected to act with undis- sembled strictness, upon the information which it received of the alleged nefariousness that was said to be in exercise in that branch of the Commissa- riat to which Mr. Harper was immediately attached. Our contemporary himself even admits " there certainly was error somewhere," but that it was an " error " to " place Mr. Harper at the bar of a Criminal Court, we altogether deny." Mr Harper, so far from feeling chagrined will his arraignment and acquittal, should feel grateful to the Authorities for thus affording him an opportunity of openly vindicating his character from the aspersions under which it had laboured ; and we feel assured, that our contemporary is particularly obliged to "the Powers that be," notwithstanding all that he would say to the contrary, because by this act of justice towards Mr. Harper, the Australian has become weightier in dumps—no, no, not dumps exactly, but in British money, for these lawyers will have sterling. To say the least, there was suspicion excited against Mr. Harper, on the moment that information—whether the information were true or false —was communicated to the Superintendent of Police. As a store-keeper, Mr. Harper might have been tried, had it been the pleasure of those in power, by a Court Martial, and every body is aware, at least most are, of the vast difference that exists betwixt Military and Civil Law. It was therefore decided, that Mr. Harper should have the benefit of a trial by that tribunal which is more accessible to the Public, and also more congenial to the susceptibilities of our nature. But, say the opposition men, upon looking over the evidence, there was no need for the solemn parade of judicial investigation ; for " not a scintilla of evidence was adduced" that could ever so remotely strengthen the slightest suspicion, and therefore it was an unne- cessary torture to the feelings ot " Mr. George Harper, a gentleman much respected in his station and in his office." Supposing, however, that the case had been abandoned without any thing in the shape of a trial, what then would have been the nature of the observations liberally passing from one mouth to another ? Would it have been said that the Government had acted wisely, and liberally, and magnanimously ? Oh, no ! any thing but this, it would then have occurred to the politicians of the day, that Mr. Harper had been unjustly sus- pected — causelessly removed from his office — wan- tonly, placed under an arrest —and in every respect treated in the most ungentlemanly way—and, by way of finale to such a concatenation of absurdities, lawyers being concerned, an action would be talked of. The Government, therefore, or at least His Majesty's Attorney General, had no other course to steer, for the ends of public justice, than to place Mr. Harper in that situation in which men of the first rank and consideration in society have un- fortunately often stood, and who have not always come off with so much eclat as Mr. Harper fortu- lately did. At any time we would much rather witness the acquittal than the guilt of any indivi- dual that may undergo arraignment at the bar of justice, and we feel convinced that the Public will believe us, when we say, that we rejoice in the acquittal of Mr. Harper, though we must, for once in a way, fall in with the opinion of our contem- porary, and to a learned opinion we shall be always happy to bow, that "there certainly is error some- where." " Mr. Wemyss might have been asked to state out of Court, what he stated in Court," but then we should be glad to know, whatever de- gree of weight we might be induced to give to the assertions of a Gentleman like Mr. Wemyss, how the Superintendent of Police, or any other Magistrate, could have received such declarations ; when the fact is known to every Englishman, that committals always take place upon ex-parte statements. We are therefore bound to repeat, what must appear to every one quite obvious, that it would have been incompatible with the commonest justice, and be- yond the prerogalive of the Attorney General, to abandon the case against Mr. Harper, without giving himm the opportunity of that impartial inves- tigation which has terminated in such in acquittal. But the Australian says, and it ought to be borne in mind as he says it, particularly as we are of his opinion, that " there certainly is error somewhere." The Australian says that every credulous blockhead will see plainly enough that the Com- pany," id est, the Australian Agricultural Company, "is an evil of the first magnitude." We were somewhat struck with the singularity of this admission on the part of our contemporary and perfectly agree that every credulous blockhead, and none but such, will consider the Company to be an evil. But, although he makes the above admission, and admissions are rare indeed with gentlemen of the long robe, he expresses himself dissatisfied that the mines should be wrought by the Company, and talks as if the coal would be the means of draining the Community of its cash, and of bearing away its fine mares, fine merinos, and fine homed cattle. These are the direful evils which the Australian seems to anticipate, in the event of the Company working the coal-mines, and could we conceive our- selves that these dreadful effects would issue from the mouth of a coal-pit, we would readily join with him in the hue and cry against the offending coals, and do everything in our power to keep them snugly in the bowels of earth; but when, on the con- trary, we are convinced that important advantages will arise from the Company's operations, we can- not help reprobating the Australian's unjust and illiberal animadversions. He talks of the injustice done to our merchants, by allowing the Company the privilege of working the mines at Newcastle, and declares they could have purchased engines for the purpose just is well is the Company. With re- gard to their ability to purchase an engine, we have no doubt. With this we have nothing to do what- ever. The principal evil which we have had cause to complain, is the scarcity and consequent dearth of fuel. The Public can derive no satisfac- tion, nor advantage, from the assurance that the mer- chants have the ability to serve them, unless that ability be exercised in their behalf; and, when it is seen that the Company are on the eve of tendering the required service, it is not fair to turn around upon them and proclaim, that "although their coals should be dirt cheap, we bear no good-will to- wards them." If the Company furnish the Public with a necessity article of consumpt, at a much cheaper rate than they had ever before been ob- tained, an obligation is incurred, according to our notions in such matters, consequently they are entitled to thanks - not to insult. We cannot think there is much consistency in our contemporary admitting, that the "working of the coal- mines efficiently will be of advantage," and notwithstanding declare to the Company, that "he bears them no good will." The Australian cannot forgive them - cannot re- ceive them into favour - because they are to take any thing for their coals. Dirt cheap will not do for him. He must have them for nothing, or he will bear them no good will. But this is not all of which he complains, he declares that the coal will be a mere article of import, because it will never be ad- vantageous as an export. These random asser- tions, unsupported by an iota of proof, are very dull and ridiculous. To export the coal to In- dia, for example, will be as good a thing as the Company can do, and to take in exchange such commodities as may be suitable for the Australian market. By this means both the Company, and the Public, will inevitably be benefited, because, sup- posing all the money arising from the transaction were to be remitted to England which will by no means be the case, the Public will still have the be- nefit of the merchandize, and of cheap fuel, while the quantum of money drained off, will be no greater than what a merchant would have been obliged to empty away, on an India purchase. On the other hand, if our merchants take the coals from the Com- pany, and send them on to India, they will have it in their power to speculate to their own advantage in a way which would not have been in their power simply with money which has a fixed value, and that money they are putting into the hands of those who are improving our soil, our sheep, and cattle of every description, and who are introducing every possible improvement. The money must have been paid out of the Country at any rate, so that there is, to say the least of it, no injury sustained. Yet the Australian should have remembered, that cer- tain Members of the Company are settlers - very opulent settlers -with the rest of the Colonists, and that consequently their money, we should naturally suppose, will remain in the Country. But we are sick of the subject, not because it is indefensible on the contrary, because the establishment of such a Company will prove one of the most beneficial events that ever happened for the Colony. If it be a bad thing to have good coals "cheap as dirt" - if it be bad to have labour abridged, where labour is imperatively required - if it be bad to have the face of the Country changed from barrenness to fertility, and to render it a second garden of Eden and if it be bad to improve the breed of sheep, and cattle of every description - to introduce labourers and artisans - to cultivate the vine and the olive, and to do all that art, industry, and capital can ac- complish for the benefit of arising empire, then the AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL COMPANY may be pronounced very bad indeed. The Sittings of Cmncil are to take place, we understand, in future, on Wednesday, and not on Tuesday, as formerly. All the fees in ihe various Public Depaitments, which went us perquisites to the various principals and suhnrd nales, are now handed over to the Co- lonial Treasurer, for the judicious purpose of aug- menting! he treasury-chest. Li lieu of these indul- gences, fixed salaries ure given lo those Gentlemen who were in the custom of receiving such fees. Tiie Heurv, Capta n Bunney, has been chartered ' by Captain Wilson, of Hobart Town, to carry home I another cargo of Colonial produce. The Australian, of the 26th ult. gave us the ac- count of the seizure of a cedar-boat, "under cir- cumstances of great hardship." This same seizure was alleged to have taken place for a violation of the late Government Notice on that head, and in our following number we took occasion to observe that the Governor would allow no case of hardship to go unattended to, and unmitigated, during his Go- vernment-or words to such intent. Upon enquiry we find that the Government has no more to do with the boat-the cedar-or the seizure, than we our- selves. It was a private individual that seized the cedar, by virtue of a search warrant, and that indi- vidual was Mr. Thomas Hyndes, of Darling Har- bour, who, every one knows, would not wilfully in- jure any "industrious and deserving men." But the truth is, that this identical cedar was cut at the Five Islands by Mr. Hyndes' men- and from his men the cedar had been surreptitiously obtained by the parties themselves, or those connected with them, from whom the cedar was seized as stolen property. We have the authority of Mr. Hyndes a very respectable man - for this declaration, so that this other broadside, against the Cedar Regulation, falls to the ground like so much hair-powder. The situation of Mr. Bent, the Printerand Pro- prietor of the Colonial Times, in consequence of the writings of Mr. Murray, has, on more than one occasion, excited our commiseration. We of'tyn had occasion to notice the former honourable ex- ertions of Mr. Bent, and it is willi no small degree of regret that we find him still under the influence of those writers, whose productions may eventually entail ruin on his infant family. Were he aware that a third conviction, for a libel on the Govern- ment, may be followed by the penalty of transpor- tation for 7 years, we think he would shake off' those people who have so grossly induced bim to mistake his true interests, and who are certa again to mislead him. When we say so much, we are serious in our profession of having Mr. Bent's real interests at heart. We have done our duly to an old friend -a man that we respected -and who may yet, once more, regret thai lie did not adopt our advice. Nothing would please us more sincerely than to hear ol Mr. Bent's discharge from prison ; and as the Tasmanian Government will now be able to tap the right shoulder, we fervently trust that the next news will bring the liberation of Tas- mania*:» first but most unfortunate Typo. The lates* rews brou "Jit by the Henry contains little in addition lo what we have already pub- lished ; however, we lay the following Extract«, from the Courier, before our Readers : - We this moment received a letter from Madrid, in which we find some expían ilion of the reports which bad been spread of a rupture between Spain and England. It seems that this report was not wholly destitute of foundation. The latter Cabinet had, in fact, claimed the execution of ihe decree of the Cortes of 1823, relative to the indemnity due from Spain to the English mer chants, who»e properly had been seized by pirates from the Havannah. The Spanish Government persisting in not sending any answer, and the opening of Parliament being at hand, Mr. Can- ning sent insliuciions lo Mr Lamb, to require a decision in twenty-four hour«, and in case of a refusal he ordered bun to declare thal England would take posse sion of the Havannah, and of Porio Rico. The Spanish Ministers ai length answered that every thing should be settled lo Mr. Can- ning's satisfaction. A notice was posted at Lloyd's the 30th of January, 1826, that three ships of the line, five frigate!, and 2 corvettes, with four thousand French troops, had arrived al the Havannah. The Marquis of Wellesley'» removal from the Chief Government of Ireland, has beEn definitively resolved upon from a certain high quarter, and this for the express purpose of sending his Lord- ship to India, as the most eligible person to set in ihe present critical state of affairs in that vast country. Ii may be mentioned, as a proof of ihe difficulties experienced at the preterit moment hy persons in trade, that of the prompt sale on In- digo, due at Ihe East India House, on Friday last, and which amounts to «£700,000, near £300,000 has not been paid. His Majesty's warrant has been issued for the raising of the Ulli-, 19th, and 20th Dragoons. According to the new Bankrupt Act, passed las! Sessions, Members of Parliament are liable le> a commission of bankruptcy, and all its conse- quences. Their privilege from arrest, however, is preserved inviolable,except in cases of felony. Fifteen thousand men will embark for India as soon as transports can be procured fur their con- veyance. Lisbon papers announce the death of the Patriarch, and slate that a friar had been named by the King in his stead, to the very great annoyance of the secu ar clergy, particularly of that part more immediately in contact willi the See of Rome. -------- We have much pleasure in announcing, the safe arrival, in the London River, of the ship Harvey, Captain Peache, which vessel sailed on the 7th of November- the day that the Colonists entertained Sir Thomas Brisbane so loyally, and so sump- tuously, at Nash's Inn, Parramatta. She reached home about the 15th of March. We shall have some Ncivs shortly. From certain constructions that have been put upon our writings, which we never intended they should convey, we deem it necessary, in justice to all parties concerned, to observe, that we never in- tended to expose the Editor of the Australian in his legal capacity as a Barrister: all our observati ins were intended exclusively to apply to the Editor. It never entered our brains to impugn Dr. War- dell as a Councillor and Btrrister, towards whom most explicitly we wish it to be understood, that we never had personal animosity. Whilst we "afford this explanation, perfectly unsol cted, we th nk ii also our duly to state, that, as the E I tor of 'the Austral an, we shall ever cons der Dr. Wardell our publ c property, and we will not allow the Court of Requests' man to interfere willi our friend, the Doctor, with impunity. A most splendid and expensive device, cut in brass, and executed in the first style, has arrived by the Henry, and was intended as the head of Howe's Express-but, alas ! the Express has long been defunct, being absorded in the overwhelming Ga- zette. Someday or other we will shew it to the Public, and the Proprieterof the lamented Express has particularly assured us, that, sooner than not I see this enchanting device in pritit, which has cost lum so much, he would recommence the publication of Ins Paper. We think it would drive the one eyed Monitor oui of the field in d month. A very neal devir-e, beautifully cut in brass, has been forwarded t> order for the Tasmanian, but this Paper, too, like the Express, gave up the ghost in favour of the Tasmanian Gtveinment, and the type, which foi merty was used in the publicity of the Tasmanian, is noyv the same that executes the present sensible Hobart Town Gazette. Mr. Geohge Howe, the G'verumeut Printer of the sister island, and Proprietor and Founder of the present slumbering Tasmanian, receives by the Henry a much needed supply of types, paper, &e.; The Monitor accuses us of peevishness, and then it would appear, from what he afterwards says, that he had thrown his paper into a well» in order that he might li ive the pleasure of the pain, as Paddy st d, of pulling it up again ; then he rails his pa« pir a downngl t bticktt, alter which he says the Gazette is a set earning bucket; then he soys the Gazette and Mom toi are two editorial buckets ; ind thus he goes on bucketing uwiyui the most comical nniiuer possible. The idea of a bucket scie mung has, we believe, ali the meut of ori- ginality. 'Hie conception maybe quite poetical, but we confess it is of thal sptcies which surpasses our compieheusion A screaming bin ket ! Zounds, it is the great ~sl oddity in n it ure, if we mike the single exception of the ach evement wliith Mi. Hall tells of this self-suine bin ket. Ii is lins the won« dei ful bucket in question goes to the office tn which the Monitor burket istleposittd, on Wedms« day list, and, contrary to cvei y piuuipleof ethics, willi a diawn poignard, covered with asiltt rag, de- bhel Hy stabs the office ' Mr. Hall does not say win tlter the poignaid penetrated the wal), but it was cei i nilly a very «ricked attempt of the bucket, and shews that, old and ciazy as it is, it may be a some- what formidable enemy. But, to lay aside Mr. II ill's ridiculous metaphors, and inrorrect style» we will pioceed to refute the absurdities which he h is advanced, as far .is ihey regard ourselves, be- cause the charges he has prefened against us, be must be fully aware, a e exti emery preposterous. However, we will not he very severe upon Mr. Hall, nor his ethics, on this occasion, because he evinces something in the sh ipe of candour when he says« "Governor Darling has li eat ed us with libe- rality ; we approve of the present Ooveniment,** Sec. Had he always conducted hiuisi If iii his de- cent and respectful minnel, we uevei would have filed any of our grape shot it bun ; and, as far as I regards ourselves, we would simply enquire of him, | in ihespmt of meekness, how he can foi a moment suppose that we made any msid ous all« mpt to de pi ive lum of Ins men ? He is fully awaie that it is chiefly owing to our foi bear nu e lie is indebted for those he now pos-.esses, as we bad a pnoi claim. He c innot be lgnoi mt of this, bec tuse, in the pre- sence of the Colotn ii Scent nj, wt, on one occa« sion, relinquished that claim, in favour of Mr. Hall, when it turned out that wcwcie ipplying for the same mau Oui n une has been upon the list for many months p ist fur tintt compositors, and had we been desnous of I lu owing my obstructions ni the way of the Editoi of the Monitor, he would not have been able to publish, lu obliging Mr. Hall, in this instance, we made a greater personal sacrifice than he can be aware of, and much greater than any one else in the Colony, under similar cir- cinus! mees, would voluntarily have submitted to; since the great quantity of public work we had to perform, was absolutely at a stand for want of hands. With what lace, then, can the Monitor accuse ue of an ins dious attempt to dt prive lum of Ins men, when he îsentiiely and exclusively indebted to us, and the good pleasure of His Exofi.lency, for those he now employs > But the flesh of the Mo* nitor quivers under the lash, and it is to this alorrt, we believe, that we are indebted for his vague ami splenelic assertions. He accuses us of publishing absurd and malicious, critiques on our contempora- ries, but, as usual, offers not a word in evidence of the justice of his accusation. He declares, thal " whether he takes occasion to express his loyally in reviewing the company at a Concert, or whether he makes some peaceable reflections in a privat* walk, it is all the same. Let him say what lie will, he is sure to attract the censure of the Sydney Ga- zette.'" So far he is correct, because if Brother Hall, in his drill-serjeant capacity, or in his private walk reflections, writes downright nonsenRe, and attempts to palm them upon the Public for loyally and ethics, ridicule, agreeably lo the laws of attrac- tion, will as invariably point to him as the needle to the pole. If loyally consists in gravely proposing to sing one million songs in three hours, which is only about 5550 in one minute of time, then thil Court of Requests' Barrister turns out to be a most loyal subject, and worthy of all acceptation; and if it be highly ethical to write a long disserta- tion on fish-scales, und to assure his Readers that a bucket screamed most melodiously and with despe- ration, he is entitled to abundance of merit ; but, if all these propositions are obviously downright non- sense, the principle of attraction is just, and tho , ridicule is applied exactly as it should be. But the Monitor taxes us with inconsistency, and assures us that he is perfectly consistent himself, al- though in one week he abuses, and in the next he speaks in the highest terms of eulogium of, the Go- vernment of His Excellency Lieutenant General Darling. Then, another week he rails at an Act of Council, because he assures his Readers ii is in« compatible with the Laws and antient customs of England. Tins statement, however, was imme- diately refuted ¡nour columns; when out comes the Monitor, teeming with importance, shifts his ground, and tells us that the Law of England, in this respect, did not exactly agree with the opinions of one or two Members of Parliament, who had thoughts on the subject similar to his own. Why» we never yet heard that any Act of the Legislature of Great Britain ever passed into a Law without opposition from some of the Senators, and the Mo nitor willi all his legal skill, would be puzzled, ;t)e, were he to pore over Burns' Justice for the next week, lo furnish us with an Act of Parlia- ment that was passed nem. con. But he said, in the face o' the whole Public of Australia, that the Sterling Money Act, lutely passed, was CONTRARY to the Law of England, and opposed to antient custom, whereas it has been made to appear that this same Act of Council, of yesterday's birth, originated at least half a century ago. Why.does not the Monitor try to upset this kind of logic? We know he is a reasouer, and a moralizer, Sec. Sec. but, like too many would-be- great men in the world, he finds that TRUTH s too stubborn to hope to overcome, and therefore he would fain try the effects of throwing a little dust in the eyes of his Readers-but he should remember, that one gentle puff fruin our bucket, as he calls it, will promptly dissipate every cloud he, and a host like bim, eau raise. This, however, the Monitor rall» consistency, but let him perambulate the metro- polis, and ascertain whether he can succeed in get ling so much as an old bell-man to second his one-eyed views. He tells his Readers, thai " when ihe Parliament of Great Britain passed the Acts quoted by the Gazette (does he mean the 70-year» old Act ?) in order to do away with notes for »unis less than 20s. the English mint had previously poured into the Country, by agents, commissioned to spread the same in every part of the kingdom, abundance of half-sovereigns, crowns, half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and copper-iuouey." Had the Monitor only exercised his jt.dgment, as far as regards existing truths, he would have found that ample provision had been made by the Government lu avoid every possible inconvenience; and lliesiu gle fact that none of any consequence has been ex- perienced, although the Act of Council has been some time in operation, is the best refutation that can be given to the expiring Monitor. Ina former number we clearly exhibited that we could not be ata loss for a circulating medium, so long as oar" merchants had the tempting revyard held out .to them of from 20 to 30 per eent. for the importation Öldollars ; we therefore deem it unnecesaaiy to take any further nonce of the Monitoi, tor the piesent, but will leave hint lo ibu enjoyment of his ethical fish-scale disquisition, hissilk-cnveicd poij;ii ntl, Ins ?creaming buck« ts, and Ins ¡Momlorial consistency. The Minístrales, a.id other Gentlemen of Van Diemen's Lind, «p perceive by the late Hnbait Town Gizetles baie foimed a Tasmanian Tut J Club. Lieutenant G ¡vernor A ni nu it lins been requested to honour the I istitution willi his pa- tronage, which most SiUisfacloiily d<ministriles thal His ExCEM CNtY ii not so vera unpopiilai amongst the people he has the happnusu and the honour to govern, as some wiseacies would repitsent. We congi at u la! e the Tasmaniaiis upon the unanimity that privails amongst them, and we hope (hen «ports will be as inoffensive and bannit as ns the Patron, we are assured, would wish. We like to see, and to hear of people, living in term's of fin ml ship-then all things go on «moodily and com Sui- tably. We rejoice lo witness that our predictions, in reference to the concord, and happiness, and comparative prosperity of Ihe sister Colony, are all meeting with happy realization. , Dr. Redfern has at length resolved on tabcrnncliüg durantai vita: we suppose, in Australia's capital - in which he was some years ago so justly celebiated. The Doctor has taken, for the present, one half of Mr. Lord's stately edifice. Mis. Redfern, with her family, have returned to Sydney. Captain Maingy, formerly of the Governor Phil- lips, was on a visit to Scotland lespeituig some property he bad there; and was accompanied, we believe, by Mr. Fergusson, formelly of tht fit ni of Macqueen and Feigusson. Meeting willi some disappointment, on his return in one of the steam boa's, he tbiew himself overboard, and penshed. Ernies, Theology, Sec.-In looking over an old book the other day, we weie much si nick with the following passage, and as I he Monitor has a particular corner in Ins miscellany set a put for such morceaux, we have embraced the earliest op- portunity of tendering it public for Ins mfoiilla- tion and future guidance .-" Submit youl selves lo every oi di nance of man for the Lord's sake ; whether it be to the King, as supreme, or unto Go- vernors, as unto them that aie sent by him for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the pi,use of them that do well. For so is the will or God, that, with well-doing, ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men ' !.'" The late bill lo simplify weights and measures, regulates measures of capacity by the weight of pure water which they contain. A vessel, which contains exactly lOlbs. avondupois of pine rain water, is an imputai gallon, 2.}lbs. a quail, and l$lb. an impeilal pint. A bushel foi heaped mea- sure must be cj ¡indue, and its outside diameter 19 ! inches. In a paper read by Mr. Buckton,at l' Hull Pt i losoohical Siciety, lhat Gentleman eudeavouis to prove, that the Atncncau tubes onginally pro- ceeded fiom the north coast of Asia, «mil that they have a close affinity to the Mjgulsand Tirtais. M'Culloch, in Ins late publication on political economy, says, " that a miserable people is nev r civilized, and an opulent nation is nevei baibaious." Tins position ol the Edinburgh professor (says the Hobail Town Gizelte) is liable to be disputed. The tilifoi túnate man, who vussentcnctd In be executed on Monday last, for inurdei, has been respited As tht re are various conflicting reports in cueiil itinu icspeituip/ the canse of this, we foi be ir saying anv lhing on thesnh|eet, vnlh the txteption that we know his eise is to come under (he consideration of the Executive Council ibis day 