AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. \- 0000000- THE Proclamation, in our front page, only goes to constitute the dependencies of Port Macquarie, Moreton Bay, and Norfolk Island, as the penal settlements. The new Government Notice announces the appointment of His Honor Chief Justice FORBES to the office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court-we trust with an adequate salary. We are happy to observe that the Government is determined on facilitating the conveyance of letters to and from the principal districts throughout the Country, since this is an object well worthy of public regard. The Government Notice to this effect, therefore, which appears in our present number, must impart proportionate satisfaction to the Public at large, and to none more than the agri- cultural Community, whose interests will thereby be greatly promoted. There is nothing like des- patch in business, but it is impossible that there can be any thing existing in the shape of despatch, whilst the means are wanting. The proposals and resolutions of His EXCELLENCY, in this respect, will go a great way in lessening, if not altogether removing, those impediments to a free communica- tion with the interior, which have so long unfortu- nately been existing. We should think that there will be no lack of Tenders for the contemplated Mail Carts, and we care not how soon they are in operation. On seriously pondering o'er the Bank of New South Wales' Notice, which appeared in our last, and in fact in our present number, it does seem, notwithstanding our want of reliance in the tale, that there has been something like a requisition on the part of the Directors, or some of the Directors, for we will not say all, to induce the Public to in- sist upon British money, or dollars at the extrava- gant rate of 20 per cent, premium, instead of 15, in defrayment of those notes which have been dis- counted for dollars at four shillings and four pence. Certainly, there was no great harm in making the attempt, but how any of these said Directors could bring themselves to the conclusion that the Public were so to be operated upon, we are at a loss to account. The advertisement seems quite clear on the point, and really has a tendency to make the Bank one of the most singular Institu- tions in the Country. There is nothing underhand in the Notice-'tis as obvious as the meridian sun ; and this renders our astonishment the greater, that the Bank should pay that coin away one hour for 4s. 4d. which, in the next, they refused to receive back for the same note it was issued, for a greater value than 4s.-if it be received at all ! We confess our inability to argue upon points that are so simple and clear - because there is no room for contention, for explication, for any thing ; and were we to at- tempt the discussion of the subject further, we should most certainly get bewildered in the bogs of error;-it is therefore best, in our opinion, to leave the unprecedented transaction Until it comes, in due form, before the Court of Proprietors, where it will meet-however legal the exaction may be consi- dered-with appropriate, and general, if not uni- versal, disapprobation. Considerable anxiety has been excited in the Colony on account of the state of the money mar- kets in England, which, although they were in an awkward predicament, are now in a more pros- perous condition. In this department things are getting round to their former sound condition; confidence, the great desideratum, is restored ; and the last failures, of the Country Banks, and mer- cantile houses, have not been of a very serious description. The latest English Papers bear us out in these assertions, which are further confirmed by several private letters that we have seen. On this subject we have a few remarks to offer, which, however, we have not opportunity, in our present number, to publish. It is a source of no inconsiderable pleasure to witness the advances which this Colony makes, in every thing that is calculated to advance its real interests. Though the modus quo is not alto .gether such as we can entirely approve, yet there is abundance effected to encourage the most sanguine expectations, that when the mode of oper- ation is properly managed-which is every day improving-our expectations will be covered with full realization. From the frequent failures of the philanthropic and persevering Colonists, they will soon learn how to plan, and how to act, without suffering from the effects of disappointment. A little reflection would certainly prevent the occur- rence of those various causes, which, in this Co- lony, have too generally frustrated the plans of the wise and good to benefit the Country. How many good and great things have been projected within the last few years, and how few have been brought to any good or great result ! Plans have been laid down-rules and regulations have been drawn up - but the motives of action have been so various, and the object to be attained has not only been so ill de- fined, but the means to secure it have been so multi- plied and so heterogeneous in their nature, that the success of any measure has been rendered morally impracticable. The justness and applicability of such effects will receive ample illustration from the consideration of COLONIAL EDUCATION. To this important topic we beg leave to call the atten- tion of our Readers. Concerning the necessity and advantages of a "good education," there cannot possibly be two opinions, though we have lately read, in an English Paper, an article, written by a Mr. Single, which is certainly one of the oddest productions we ever saw, wherein the writer attempts to prove that man- kind is better off without, than with any thing like an education ; the Editor, however, of the Tra- veller, gives poor Mr. Single a very proper drub- bing for his singular remarks. But, leaving this digression, it is to be regretted that, notwith- standing the vigorous efforts which have been made to introduce the embryo of a Colonial " Seat of Learning," the only exhibition of the shadow of unity in acting has been in the commencement. The majority of the members have, we apprehend, neglected the main object of their combination ; the education of youth has only formed a subject of secondary importance ; and the fabric, not being properly supported, has not yet acquired strength. From every thing, therefore, which has come under our consideration, we have arrived at the conclusion, that no foundation, for the education of the Colonial youth, is likely to be permanent, and beneficial to the Country, unless it be placed under the particu- lar and especial " patronage of the Government. The projected " Mechanics' Institution" is calcu- lated to effect much good to the Country, provided that men of talent -men of inventive genius -men who can comprehend and understand the principles of mechanics, whose sole object is the pursuit and advancement of science-and whose greatest glory will be to see the Colony produce her WATT and her DAVY, to instruct the world, and share their Country's praise-can be found lo supply the places of tutors and lecturers. These qualifications are indispensable in any Community where such a society may be formed ; but, in addition to these, it must be taken into consideration that the princi- ples of the science of mechanics forms a subject upon which not one in a thousand of the Colonists has a single correct idea ; and, consequently, they constitute a topic upon which the young men must be taught to think, before they can be brought to act efficiently. To see this Institution carried into active operation would give us very great pleasure, because it would afford the means of multiplying the produce of labour, and in a thousand other in stances must doubtless promote the general interest of the body politic. In a Colony, constituted as New South Wales is, and with the prospect before her which an extent of territory nearly equal to all Europe is calculated to exhibit, she may reasonably expect to realize her most sanguine and fondest hopes. The prospect of a great and mighty em- pire is before her; and her stability must, in a great measure, depend on her own internal resources for the supply of her wants. To be continually under the necessity of applying to the Mother Country for the supply of her implements of Hus- bandry, Manufacture, Navigation, and Commerce, would be unworthy of a British Colony-especially when the Country itself abounds in the various ores, &c.; that furnish the materials of which these imple- ments and machines are made; and it would be equally degrading to be under the necessity of ap- plying to the Mother Country for chemists to ma- nufacture those ores, and for mechanics to form them into the requisite machines, when the native youths, by proper instruction and example, are both capable, and willing, to render their Country equally independent with any other Country in Arts and Sciences ; and, at the same time, to maintain the stamp of true British character- INDEPENDENCE, and INVENTIVE GENIUS. All this may be ef- fected by, and will necessarily result from, the In stitution under our consideration, if it be estab- lished upon proper principles, and supported by the patronage of the Colonial Government. We esteem the Institution in question to be one very efficient means to produce an extraordinary effect on the la- bour of the land. Great Britain has produced men with a mechanical turn of mind, and the last and fullest commentary on their works is, the amazing perfection to which the manufactures of the Mother Country are brought. In almost every book and paper that we take into our hands, we find that ma- chines have been invented by which a power of any kind may be converted to purposes seemingly the most intricate and refined ; yet it is difficult to de- termine a positive limit to the ingenuity of me- chanical invention-so clever an animal is man. To Practical Mechanics, however, we would more particularly direct the attention of our Rea- ders, who may not have thought much on the sub- ject of the " Corporation" advertisement. In architecture, throughout all its ramifications, suffi- cient matter may be found to shew the importance of this Institution ; and we have referred to this topic of illustration, because it is more or less the pursuit of a majority of the Colonists; and it is, therefore, a subject that belongs to most of them. In the erection of bridges, in a Country where in- undations are frequent, and travelling very consi- derable, how necessary is a thorough knowledge of mechanics ? Its public utility, in this respect, is not less apparent, than are its advantages to all those farming gentlemen who have to employ coun- try carpenters to erect a bridge over the creeks and rivulets of their own farms, on which the public money cannot be expended. The advantages of such an Institution would not be confined exclusively to the different classes of pupils within its .walls; since we should suppose that all, who might chuse, would be indulged with the privilege (by observing certain rules of the Institution) of attending the public lectures, which would be regularly delivered on the various branches of natural philosophy.' Such an Institution would also constitute an impor- tant link in the chain of harmony and social inter- course, which is so necessary to enliven and direct that spirit of enquiry so natural to the volatile minds of youth. In short; if we understand the nature of this In stitution, its direct object will be to improve every species of mechanical labour that is at all subject to error; for it is an axiom that cannot be contro- verted, wherever where is error there is room for improvement. We may safely calculate upon great improvement in every article of husbandry and agriculture, as well as in the erection of buildings, wharfs, quays, &c.; &c.; Another great advantage arising therefrom will be, teaching the "CUR- RENCY LADS," as Major GOULBURN invariably called them, to THINK. They will not only perform a piece of national labour, after a defined manner, but will be able to shew, that that manner is the best adapted to secure the end for which it was de- signed, not only in the shortest time, but with the greatest ease, and with the least expense. In fact, this Institution appears to be of such an important character, that though we do not pretend to have abilities to comprehend all its merits, yet we see sufficient to wish it all the success which its projec- tors laudably do; and while, by being silent, the Institution might have languished, by bringing it before the Public, our Readers will doubtless be induced to forward a measure so fraught with pub- lic and private utility and convenience. Somewhat reluctantly we have given insertion to a letter from The Head Master of the Grammar School. We say reluctantly, because our little knowledge of that old gentleman has taught us, that the greater the distance we observe as regards him, the more certain will be our peace. Upon reflec- tion, however, we thought it as well to shew The Head Master that we had more good will than he affected to believe; but, whilst we say thus much, in dismissing the subject at once, we shall offer a little remark or two, upon this self-same Vicar-of- Wakefield production. We must then tell this Doctor of Divinity that he lies—under a huge mis- take—when he supposes that we denounce the dead languages, by wholesale, as absurd, ridi- culous, and useless. If such had been our opinion, we should not so promptly have stepped forward, with our purse, and our little influence, to second the views of The Head Master, on the formation of the Sydney Public Free Grammar School. If such had been our opinion, we should not have given our assent that one of our relatives, an ap- prentice to the same profession as ourselves, should occupy two hours daily in acquiring some know- ledge of classical acquirements under the able tui- tion of the Rev. Dr. LANG. If such had been our sentiments, our eldest son would not now be placed in the Caledonian Academy, in order that he may hereafter be fitted for some kind of usefulness in the Country which gave him birth. We therefore deny this assertion of The Head Master; and, had the compositor, or the transcriber, we forget which, not negligently performed his duty, these words would have concluded the sentence in the 53d line, by fol- lowing the word Hebrew—"though we by no means condemn a knowledge of these languages." Why The Head Master should wish to take up an article in which he, nor any other individual in the Co- lony, could be particularly interested, we are at a loss to conjecture, unless his motive be that of re- newing a course of literary luctation with those who have only "a little knowledge." The Head Master should bear in mind that we have never boasted of our classical acquirements—that species of impudence is not our peculiarity---neither have we published to the world that we are gentlemen and scholars; but we can assure The Head Master, if our time had not been as honourably, and per- haps more USEFULLY employed than that of per- sons whom we could name, there would be abun- dant reason for us to mourn over that want of pre-eminently distinguished talent which has un- fortunately characterized The Head Master, even down to the margin of the grave. The "Colonial Clergy" do not proclaim their own merits; but it is no reason that we should not once in an age ren- der them some little justice from our stock of "little knowledge" without coming under the CASTIGATING surveillance of a gentleman with whom we have no desire to maintain any converse--- for "a little knowledge" of The Head Master, in our opinion, is "a dangerous thing." It gave us much pleasure to hear this old gentleman testify, that "he had lived more than half a century IN ERROR!"---for with the mouth confession is made unto salvation, and we hope The Head Master will be saved--even in the eleventh hour; and confession with learned men is a great point gained, as regards future prospects. Most probably had The Head Master been employed from his eighth year, not in the study of the dead languages, but in the labo- rious exercise of printing, from the Editor down to the devil, his knowledge would even have been less than the "little knowledge" we are said to possess. We have never censured The Head Master for a want of knowledge, but we have for a want of pru- dence, which hoary-headed experience should, half a century back, have imparted---but we forgot that the old gentleman has been living in error all that time--such is his own confession! The conclusion of The Head Master's letter rather wanders from that good will which he professes to court, and this we offer as an apology for that sharpness to which we have felt it our reluctant duty to resort. Our little brief knowledge has always taught us to respect the man of years, and this is the "axiom" that we have long laid down, in order to afford certain "demonstrations" that our " hypotheses" are based upon principles which have truth for their object. In conclusion, we beg to assure The Head Master that our moments are so fully occupied, "we eat little---we drink less---and our sleep is indifferent;" but, could we only promise to ourselves the possibility of living to so great an age as that to which The Head Master has attained, we might then congratulate ourselves on the possession of "a large income," even without the knowledge of his favourite Greek; and, if The Head Master will only call at our office, we shall be proud to shew him one of the first Periodicals of the present day, published in London, the Principal Editor of which scientific work is not only a MASTER OF ARTS, but, what is more, he is allowed to be one of the first metaphysicians in Europe, and yet he is as ignorant of the Latin, Greek, and Hebrew tongues, as the Latins, Greeks, and Hebrews most likely are of him. But still we have a respect for the dead lan- guages, though we never considered them absolutely necessary to produce a successful Editor for the Sydney Gazette. The Bank of Australia has a most handsome portico almost completed, which is certainly no small improvement to the building. The Proprie- tors, it is said, of this new Establishment, suppose it will now become the centre of attraction; but the Old Bank Proprietors are disposed to contest the point, whilst there is the ghost of a Spaniard in the Country, and then when the dollars are fled and gone, they will fire away with a superabun- dance of sixpences, shillings, and half-crowns, all in British money, to the joy of the whole Public. The Old Bank takes the sterling notes of the New Bank, either in deposits, or as payment. This looks like unity of action, and, as soon as unity of sentiment prevails upon money matters—we don't allude to nasty dry politic—we shall all be as happy as the summer days are long. One of our contemporaries lately spoke of a HOUSE of ASSEMBLY in a most extraordinary and unaccountable manner. He appeared to view that solemn and weighty subject, the Administration of Governments, through the same focus as he would the government of a bear garden. The important duty of legislation, however, is not to be trifled with, either by Emigrant, or by "Emancipist" ; and if one or other be so engrossed with the busi- ness of "good bargains," as our contemporary in- sinuated, let them attend to their bargains, and leave the business of legislation to others. It is not the number of "Emancipist" legislators at which we would look, but their virtue; and more especially that they should have much time to de- vote to the important concern of public ad- ministration. Nor should the weakness of the " Emancipist," or the strength of the Emigrant party, form a point in this question ; and we trust that, whenever New South Wales is favoured with a House of Assembly, it will never be an object with such a Body-if there be "Emancipist" in those times-for the "Emancipist" to conquer the Emi- grant, or for the Emigrant to subdue the "Eman- cipist." Australia would have to curse the day when such an Assembly became convened ; for, while the peace and prosperity of the Country lan- guished, we should see men, invented with extra- ordinary power reduced by partiality, corrupted by party and private views, and just in proportion to the power which such an Assembly possessed, so might we safely calculate on the destructive conse- quences to Society that would inevitably follow. This Country would possess no pleasures, no grati- fications, no enjoyments, except such as arose from their power to tyrannize over their fellow-subjects. We will not, however, press our contemporary too hard, because it is our firm conviction that His Majesty's Government-as this Colony is on the eve of being very properly thrown on its own re- sources-will grant us a House of Assembly ; and in this opinion we are confirmed, because it is known, that from the Colonists of New South Wales men can be selected who have not only skill to com- pose, but prudence to keep together, all the parts of a good constitution. Men, who are of tried and approved merit, who would look upon such an office as laying the happiness of thousands, if not mil- lions, at their feet ; and who would consequently be actuated by every motive of justice, generosity, and impartiality, and only study to give perpetuity to every good, and to destroy every evil. All that is required is, A HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, to bring these virtues under public notice ; and the men who possess them, having acquired a plenitude of wealth to command the leisure which is essen- tially necessary for a legislator, would nobly devote that leisure to the consideration of those means which would be calculated to increase our public happiness and prosperity. And, if we understand the general character of the people of this Colony and upwards of a quarter of a century is no trifling experience-we are satisfied that they would gene- rally elect their Representatives from a considera- tion of their personal merit, in preference to any other distinction. We do not mean to say that the people would be entirely abstracted from state cor- ruption ; and, therefore, it would belong to them to elect a House of persons capable of uniting toge- ther for the public good, of strengthening the bond of society, and of fulfilling the highly responsible duties of a just and upright Administration. But, if the people only study their own interests, they will seldom err, for this principle will prompt them to elect men of talent to make such laws as they will feel a pleasure in preserving, and a gratification in obeying. To some of the first principles of legis- lation, we shall call the attention of our Readers at a future period, that it may lead to that line of thinking, which will be useful to the Country. _______ " The view which the Court took of the case REX v. ROSSI, on a full consideration of the affi- davits on both sides, was, according to our notions, extremely fair, reasonable, and accurate. It would have been impossible to have come to a different conclusion." So says the Australian, but so the Australian would have said, had the decision been the other way. We predicted, long since, that " it would have been impossible to have come to a differ- ent conclusion," but somehow or other, we have got an odd knack of foreseeing the inevitable ter- mination of some of those vexatious cases with which the Court is too often engaged, to the exclusion of valuable public business. But what is it that has so suddenly enlightened our contemporary's under- standing ? We can remember this same Mr. Aus- tralian (in another character certainly), most strenuously asserting, after hearing the affidavits on the part of the defendant, that it was impossi- ble the Court could attach any credit to them, as, without impugning the veracity of Captain Rossi, from the nature of his situation, and the multipli- city of business which daily occupied his attention, it was not to be supposed he could have any recol- lection of the matter, and that, in fact, he must have sworn merely from what was brought to his remem- brance by others. Mr. Australian had heard both sides of the question at that time, still he was of a different opinion then. We are not disputing our learned contemporary's right to have two opinions in two characters--we merely state facts. Our con- temporary says, " we are not ruled, thank heaven, by conscience," and really, for once in a way, we are half inclined to believe him. He certainly does appear to be a most unconscionable Editor. We can also remember His Majesty's Attorney General, who affords to keep a conscience, during the argu- ment on Captain Rossi's case, animadverting on the conduct of legal gentlemen (he did not particularize either), in bringing such cases before a Court, lashed some people till they winced again. We can re- member too, that some one did start up, and say something about the Attorney General daring " Dare ! Hear ye this, Triton of the minnows ?" We can remember the Court did feel itself called on to interpose, and we can also remember the calm and dignified manner of the Attorney General in rising to relieve His HONOR from any trouble on his account, as no threats should ever move or deter him from the performance of what he thought to be his duty. We can remember all this, but now "---------------- As if his tongue Dropped manna, could make the worse appear The better reason," the Australian comes round and tells us, that " it would have been impossible to have come to a d fferent conclusion." " What a fine thing it is to be magnanimous, when one can't help it." We will now leave, for the present, our contemporary's " chapter on conscience, " So sweetly mawkish, and so smoothly dull, Heady, not strong, and foaming though not full." The immense increase in the importation of sheep's wool into Great Britain, will be seen by the following comparative statement :—For the year ending 5th January, 1824, 19,378,249lbs ; for that ending 5th January, 1825, 22,572,617lbs ; and for that ending 10th October, of the same year, 38,705,682. In the month of January, 1823, there was scarcely a shower to alleviate the intense heat that is known to prevail at that time of year in this Country ; whereas, in January, 1826, it rained most violently, with the exception of three or four days, the, whole month--so inconsistent are the seasons of Australia. *** In consequence of the pre-eminently dis- tinguished and still increasing Support which this Journal proudly experiences, its Patrons are respectfully informed, that the Price is not NINE-PENCE, but EIGHT-PENCE Sterling ; at which Denomination all the Accounts in the GAZETTE OFFICE are now necessarily kept. On a perusual of the last Monitor we were as- tonished to find a whole page occupied with the letter of an Australian, and what the Editor calls his critique thereon. We refused to insert this let- ter, because we had before amply discussed every topic contained in it, and therefore thought it quite unnecessary to be ripping up old sores. The Moni- tor, perfectly aware of our former castigations, takes care, as much as possible, not to touch upon the old arguments, and, in point of fact, uses no argument at all, although he dignifies what he has got to say with the name of a critique. But we will briefly examine this critique, and see to what it amounts. To the charge of the Monitor's being the instrument of disseminating the most unjust and unconstitutional attacks against the Government--- its Members---and the Community at large, &c.; which charge is supported by arguments, the Edi- tor, in his usual ridiculous strain, replies, " all this is mere assertion—the young man thinks it all," forgetting that he makes no more than an assertion himself. To the statement that the " Governor is bound to protect the Officers of his Government," the Monitor answers, in true cant style, " True; but not in your sense, O native of Australia !" Then he tells us that he is a kind and skilful surgeon, and, as if his own carcase were covered with a gangrene, he talks of the probing and excision of a limb—the necessity of its total extirpation—to remedy a can- ker—yet he does not say what sort of a canker-- but recommends clean hands and a free press ! Heaven knows what all this has to do with his critique. It is beyond our comprehension. To the next charge made by an Australian, that " without those laws and restrictions on the lower class of society, which you condemn wholesale, in their existence, the com- monalty would become rebellious and usurping," the Monitor answers, " all this appears to us mere declamation," and in this absurd manner he gets to the end of his page. We would not have noticed this letter, nor its critique, were it not that the Monitor perversely defends the conduct and charac- ter of Kerton, and in concluding his attempt at a defence, he utters the following anathema against the Magistrates, we suppose:—" Ye serpents—ye generation of viper—-how can ye escape the dam- nation of hell !" Such an imprecation as this, for visiting a criminal with bare justice, will, we have no doubt, be properly appreciated by the Public. What reason the Monitor has for interesting himself so deeply in the affair of Kerton we know not, nor do we care ; but it is of the utmost consequence to us, and to the Public at large, that the Monitor should not be allowed to be the advocate of vice. He asks, " what has Kerton's character to do with his being scourged ?" This preposterous question, coming from the Editor of a public Journal, seems to us to be the more surprising, since, as the mere caterer for public taste, we should think he ought to be better acquainted with ethics, if not with the laws of his Country. Character has every thing to do with punishment. It is the commission of crime which constitutes a bad character, and the law has wisely provided for the punishment of such, if a robber or a murderer forfeits his existence on the scaffold, it is because he was characterised as such, and proved to be so, yet the Monitor asks, " What has character to do with punishment ?" We are thankful that we live in a land where vice only is punished where men must be proved to be of bad character before they are punished---that those who conduct themselves well may be protected from the vices and depredations of the worthless. But the Moni- tor's absurdities are endless. He says that Mrs. Kane is a widow, because she lives apart from her husband !---because she lived in adultery !!---and otherwise subjected herself to the penalties of the law ! ! ! The Monitor's doctrine is very convenient for the few of the fair sex who do not love their lords. After a frail rib takes it into her head to abandon the domicile of her husband, she may become an adulteress, according to the Monitor's reasoning. Shame on the head that could conceive, and the hand that could commit, such infamous doctrine to paper ! If the Monitor is determined to be the ad- vocate for prostitution---the prostitution of the mo- ther of a family, too---what must his own think ? The LADY of RICHARD JONES, Esq. of Hunter- street, gave a most splendid Ball and Supper, on the evening of Saturday last, to a select Partie of Fashionables, where, as usual, RANK, WIT, and BEAUTY, became concentrated ; and nothing, save the approach of Sabbath-morn, could possibly have induced the distinguished Assembly to retire from the scene of festivity and gladness. The dollars are about taking a farewell of us, if they have not already departed this Colony, for one of our merchants, the other day, could scarcely scrape together 500 of those Spanish gentry. The Bank of Australia cashes its superb looking notes \---not dollars at 4s. 4d. ---but in hard British money. Quere---Why did not the Bank of New South Wales accept of His Excellency's offer, in which case the Deputy Commissary General would not have had even so much as a British sixpence to have blessed himself with ? The Chamber of Commerce has really a most enchanting room. During the coming spring, and approaching summer, it will be a most desirable lounge--for those who have no better employment. We should like to see Captain Bann's elegant and airy room filled with the senators of Australia, for it would make a most commodious House of As- sembly. In some of the English Papers it is said, " an apprehension is entertained that the Dutch have been before-hand with us in occupying the part of New South Wales nearest the Indian Islands, which we had it in our view to colonize for commercial purposes." There are wiseacres in England, it would seem, as well as in this Country. Last year, in some districts of England, 200,000 sheep died of the rot ; and the agriculturists be- lieve that the disease may be cured, and prevented, by permitting them a free access to salt. Some apprehensions are entertained for the safety of a little schooner-rigged vessel, the property of Mr. Dalton, the indefatigable and attentive Master of the Benevolent Asylum. She has been for some time past trading betwixt Hawkesbury and Sydney, and returning to port with grain. On Thursday se'n night the little vessel, with between 2 and 300 bushels of maize on board, and other sundries, sailed out of Broken-bay for port; but, in about two hours subsequently, that heavy and dismal storm came on, which was experienced here --she was of blown off in the hurricane--and has not since been heard of, though hopes are still entertained of her safety, as she was an excellent sea- boat, being the vessel that came some months ago from the wreck of the Valetta, and formerly belonged to Mr. Po- lack, of whom she was purchased by Mr. Dalton. There were four persons on board—two of whom are reported as good seamen. The others are, Charles and Samuel Dalton, sons of Mr. Dalton. 