A FASHIONABLE ARTICLE ABBREVIATED. Fashion, the supreme God, or Goddess, and arbiter elegantiarum, or arbitrix, does not limit its rule to the collar of a coat, or the altitude of a tucker alone. In all, in every thing, it is sovereign ; to all, to every thing, it is the rule and the law ; from its behest there is no appeal ; to live according to it is to live accoding to nature and to the eternal fitness of things ; to renounce it is to be condemned, as Dogberry says, to "eternal salvation." To say where fashion is "bred," is not quite so easy ; unless it be "engendered in the eye," like fancy; for f ike fancy, it dies' ' with gazing.' We become wearied of tht» tyrant of the day; andj like the, Grand .Turk, he is de pb'sl!dj'or'bowstringed,-to make way for a new tyrant and a successor. We conrinue fo adore* the' stlccessor, as we worshipped the piedecessor,' '? mo5c datnrus progeniem vi ti'o6rtreni^'.nnd so on, to the last, syllable ofrecorded rime. .Yet all fashions are not as ephemeral as the revolutions of the mutable sex. To, some is given a shorter; and to some a lougfr date, like human life: some are secular in theic durability; and whiles few undergo a transmigra tion or rirniise that nppenrs nlmost vuluntnry, others must bfc battered at, like Olympus, before they fall, crushed into atoms 'hkp'lht* coniplicnfd beast in the Revelations. Thus, -vhile the lion wic of J.uuis XIV. piried gradually away jrttH 'h pi'gtait;Avhile men scarcely ninrked tiie successive phases'— n-requircd the bfirttrif.g rams of' n. whole nation to subvert the fr.htnon or' ^Lett-ess dc Cachet «nd to replace thfiri wjtft the btfrp'r fashion of Hfihras Corpus. ' ,J3i)t , vi hat is', die , basis, -nuse, progenitor of fasliionf— ? P - v % . .' Inilnlence Indolence; the principle of imiratinn ; the Kie«U«r fTieiliry thefi- is in following i|inn in U-ndiim ; defi'ct^' in the thinking faculty ; want of the reasoning f.icnlty ; wont of sense ; waot^of consideration respecting ?« the fitness of things.' Mnii is but a .Monkey ; and like Uie monkeys in Quintus Gurtius, he would eveii tie his legs tou.ct her if he h.id a bulncienc warranty. He cu«s off his tail ; believes that it is all for the best, whet Her; 'in. government,', or in drinking and ^swearing, till some other gient baboon. takes the lead s-n-l resolv.-s the whole system. It is easier to think 'from other peoi.Ie thnn from one's own head. This is what is called opinion. The opinions of mnukiiiihnre like their coats. They are made hv'ariptlif-r person ; adopted and worn, and they bfcoire property. Minikmd has iiu other opinions. One man in.a million s capable of forhiing an opinion, a conclusion derived from evidence and deduced by reasoning. Others 'tiorrow it; such is the mass of opinions. Opinion is fashion: ami hence it varies, and hence the Catholic' Church is the best, of all possible churches, and the British Constitution the best of all po.ssibie constitutions,- — till she Reformed Church becomes still better, and James is followed by William. It is'hiit the last cut of the last coat, after all. There aie fashions in mousetraps and law, and shoe making, and physic, and furniture, and religipn, and paint ing, and architecture, and cookery, and morals, and drink ing, and preaching,' and swearing', and '.fight ing. and edu cation, and fortification, and ''navigation, .and lamplighting, and toothdrawing, and fish sauce, and blacking, and po litics, and even iu love ! and in commerce and beauty, and colonization, nnd emigration, and population, and taxarion, and political economy, and in poetry, and novel writing, and balloons, and .in riding, and driving, and eating, ami clubs, and duelling, and joint-stock companies, and Cos petto !~ We must end' somewhere, for there is no end.' It was the fashion to think Madeira the most wholesome of wines, and it is now the fashion to think it the must unwholesome.: it is the fashion to say that malt liquor id poison: it is the fashion. to call wine poison. .It was the fashion to dine at twelve, il is' the fashion to dine at «ight: it. was the fashion to drink wine after dinner, it is the/ash ion to drink it at dinner. It is unfashionable to drink small- beer, itis .unfashionable to drink your' neighbour's health, to be helped- twice from the saine .dish ; but ic is fashionable to display your toothpick- case, and wash jour mouth before a whole company. It is the fashion to take snuff, if was not the fashion to take snuff, it was the fashion to take snuff, it will be the fashion not to take it. It was the fashion to stuff prisoners into dungeons, '.ic is the fashion to build places for them. Negro slavery has.become unfashionable ; so have boots and leather breeches. Rail-ways are becoming more fashionable than canals, and quadrilles have superseded country dances. In. former days it was the fashion to enter this squalling world, Under the protection, as by the toils of the fairer sex. Fashion has discovered that this is impossible, that we must all be throttled in the operation, and Mrs. Slumdv must. now lie-ih in town, and her Juno Lncina must wear breeches. Humanity is the fashion — philantropy, ultra philantrop'y, and lVeucli wine me becoming more fashion able eveiy day. The fashion of logic and metaphysics has been 'superseded by that of chemistry and geology; but, of all the sciences, the supreme in fashion are craniology and political œconomy. The fashion of an Englishman's surliness is. unalterable. Thank heaven, all fashions are not mutable as the summer breezes. Theratare other immutable fashions it is becoming time to rend.eiynlsticelo. There are some that even improve ; fashions that become more fashionable.- The Church was always given to seek its own aggrandizement, it was always given to persecuting every other church — all chinches have always agreed to persecute each other,^— and they all, at all times, joined admirably in peisecuting those who dared to think. It was too good a fashion to -change; and ac cordingly it remains. Nevertheless it is not the fashion to believe in ghosts ; that view, at It-ast of the other world, is decidedly unfashionable, in spite of Mrs. Veale and John Wesley.' Thus has the fashion of horse-racing! .inaiiitained '.its ground, as well has that of'' suspending judgment in the Court of Chancery/and picking the pockeLs of clients aiid eating the oyster. Marriage was heretofore.' an affair of estates and money and this is a 'fashion which has grown with our growth. Cupid stands firmer than ever iu, the position which lie has so long occupied. Hence, e contra, Love is out of fashion,' as it is unfashionable for a wife to'beof use, to knoiv the nature, extent, operation, or expenditure of her family^— her family !~her husband's family ; to attend to her child ren, or to herself, to any part of herself- but her dress. Unfashionable, indeed ! — it is absolute disgrace ; irrepar ble dishonour. » It was once, the fashion to make pickles, and work chair bottoms. The fashion now is to beat on a pianoforte and squall. High and' low, gentle and simple, the tailor's daughter, and the grocer's daughter, squall and thump on the pianoforte from eight to eight-and-twenty, or till they are married ; and the farmer's daughter leaves the cows to Hodge to milk, and tlie butter and cheese to Cicely, i It is the fashion too to read Lord Byron and to despise Pope,' to talk of Shakespeare, to be learned and logical and clever. ' 'If there is a fashion in poetry and bonnets, so there. is too in physic. And why not in physic as well as in eating? It is now the fashion of Sangrado ; and why not? — since it all proceeds on the facile principle of imitation ; the mon keylpiinciple. It is much easier, here too, to follow th.au to guide; it saves thinking. -There is bnt one receipt, and any man. can follow it — bleeding and hot water, hot water and bleeding—' seignare, purgare, i'terum purgare.et seig nafe.' Calomel and salts— ?Cheltenham. We are all too full, and must be depleted; blood is a poisonous sabtance; it must be' let out. And then there is ihe last new re medy : — Croton one year, bartes another, smuriatic baths, prussic abid — champooing, or rhatany-rooc. . ? it is the fashion too, for the plague and the typhus not to be contagious, and it is the fashion to have the ticdou loureux. and bile. ' » And so there is a fashion in preaching, and grace, and salvation, and eternal life;',but the worst of it is, that with less prudence than the fair, who will wear the, same bonnet when it is in vogue, there are so many different coiffures that no one could get his head into the real, right, orthodox cap. As to blacking, it is undetermined whether the fashion of the veritable cirage Avglahe, il vero lucido Ingltse, lies with Warren, er Hunt, or Day nnd Martin: 'but it is certainly the fashion now to think that commerce ought to be free, that Mr.Malthus is in the right, that Mr. Muccul loch is a greater œconomist than, Mr. Ricardo, that the bullion question is' unintelligible, that the state of the country is a paradox, that the Niger is, either the Nile or is not the Nile, that chininey sweeping is a very dirty trade. Further, the fashion of joint-stock companies is becoming daily subject to increasing dubiety, and even the Duke of Wellington has become rather unfashionable. Will war ever go out of fashion ; and scandal and back biting? — Yes, with eating and drinking; or at the Mille nium. Or puffing ?— Ac the same epocha. The fashion, the fashion; the fashion, this is the magic word which answers all inquiries, silences ail objections, erects all idols — erects and deposes them. And tins is that sublime invention by which Europe is distinguished from the Enst. China has but one fashion ; it has no fashion : thertfore, it is the eternal, as it it- the Celestial Empire. Permanence, even, in dress', is permanence.: it acts on .cue einpireos it duos on the q-iality of a shoutie,: the fashion of involution, which revolves caps and bonnits, revolves*em pires also. ' When the East has fallen, it has been by changing its dress. Rome fell when she became fashiona- ble and changing. Had she kepr the toga, the red harlot would never have sat in in the chair of the Caesars. It is enough — we have done \- All allusions to Races are father out- of place jusf now. People are satiated with discussions relative to them. We cannot, 'however., resist the temptation of filling a nook with the following trifle,, which has re cently fallen under our observation ; but we promise that we will not introduce this topi« 'tilj the next .fitting occasion, 'when; we hope 'to take up the pen again with some success, and combat any stray argu ments that' may be revived or originated against 'this popular and harmless recreation. ' Few amusements are of so great antiquity as horse racing. Long ere this noble and spirited animal had been habituated to the more dispiriting and laborious duties of hus bandry, he had been trained to the. course, and ac- customed to all the excitements of the chariot race. Greece and, Rome, and indeed the whole civilized world, looked on, whilst, at Olympia, and Corinth, and Delphi, and Nemæa, the horse in all his original vigour and velocity stood forth the prominent and .ar resting object'.; ,It is in vain therefore to endeavour to depreciate an amusement which' has stood the tost of so many ages, and these too of such varied and op posite spirit and character. The religions of. man-, kind have been changed again and again — their poli tical regulations have shifted like the uncertain sand bank upon the sea -shore- — nay even the moral appre- hensions and predilections of our race have indicated a certain tendency to veer with' the polarity -of the needle a few degrees to the westward of established opi nion-;— but throughout three or four thousand years there has 'been but one opinion and one practice upon the subject of horse-racing.' Various individuals have carped and fretted; the sentimentalist has ut tered pretty sentences, and wept his lamentations in soft and winning delicacies of expression ; the man of stern humanity has stood in the gap of denunciation, speaking widely and loudly of cruelties and abomina tions; the moralist has preached to the multitude in the voice of dismal and' foreboding admonition and regret; prudence has talked of money mis-spent and time sacrificed, and habits of idleness and dissipation easily acquired, but difficult to be laid aside: yet, still in spite of all this battery which has been erected upon the outpost and bye-ways of public opinion, has this amusement kept its ground, and is still keeping its ground, and will probably occupy some portion of human interest and observance till man. and horses shall fare as they did at the battle of the Boyne — they shall be trodden under foot for ever! What then, is the charm of which horse-racing is possessed, and which seems to have hud so strong and so perma nent a hold upon our' race? Tills fa a question which, like many others, it is easier to 'put than to answer. Yet we may be permitted to risk a solution. Lqt any one1 take -his station near the winning post when two,' three, or four horses are coming 'in at full speed, neck and neck, and let : him read liis own sensa tions, and' observe tliose of others- ut this interesting crisis ; let him mark that agitation of every nerve and muscle which pervades the crowd, from the humble ballad-singer of the course, up/to\that' presence of ladyhood by^whiclv such scenes ar»* usually graced ; Ice him count the pulsations'of his own heart and fvut, and mark even the undulating* and 'correspondent movements of bi3 body, as he springs and presses for ward with every strain and movement. of the noble animal with which he is sympathising, and- then — after all this, let him express his surprise at. the .in terest which bore- racing has from1 age to age excited.,' In giving a description of one of,,' the greatest annual Races in England — tlie 'Do'iicastcr|St.'Leg-cr-Stakes — . the writer in a London Newaga per ..says ; — Che speaks | of the last StC Leger .Race.}.' ' There, was .but' one false 6tart, and when they went off* in earnest,' the scene that presented-itself waabeautifiil-^-thirty horses that you might have covered with-'a sheet', — and' the brilliant rays of the sun glittering on the colours of theirjockies,-—it was dazzling beyond description. The general exclamation of '? They!re ,off!' was, .followed by the silence of death ; and the .intense interest of the race was visible in every countenance, as'the.horses appeared to float up the hill.' ? , ' Simplicity Rewarded.-—' Does your husband expecto rate ?' said an apothecary 'to a poor Irish woman'who had long visited .his shop — ' Ejpict to ate yer honour?— ^no sure, nnd Paddy does not expect to ate — he's .nothing at. all to ate !'? ' Tlie humane man sent, a large basin of mixture from a tureen of soup lien smoking on liis table. . - 