LOUIS BRABANT, THE VENTRILOQUIST. Louis Brabant, the valet of Franela I, could not only emit a voice from any distance, or in any direction, but had, also, the art of counterfeiting any voice which he had ever once heard. By this extraordinary faculty the following imposition was committed. Brabant had fallen most desperately in love with a young, beautiful, and rich heiress, but was rejected by the parents as an unsuitable match for their daughter. The father happening to die, Louis waited on the widow, who was totally ignorant of his singular talent, pretending to console with her on her loss; when suddenly, in the open day, in her own house, and in the presence of several friends, she hears herself addressed in a voice perfectly resembling that of her dead husband, and seeming to proceed from above, "Give my daughter in marriage to Louise Brabant! he is a man of great fortune, and of an excellent character. I now suffer the inexpressible torments of purgatory for having refused her to him. If you obey this admonition, I shall soon be delivered from this place of torment. You will, at the same time, provide a worthy husband for your daugh- ter, and procure everlasting repose for the soul of your poor husband." The widow could not, for a moment, resist this dreadful summons, which had not for the most distance appear- ance of proceeding from Louise Brabant, whose countenance exhibited no visible change, and whose lips were closed and motionless during the delivery of it. She consents immediately to receive him for her son-in-law. Louis's finances, however, were in a very low situation; and the formalities attending the marriage-contract rendered it necessary for him to exhibit some shew of riches; nor must his real circumstances give the supposed ghost the lie direct. Accordingly he goes to work on a fresh subject; one Cornu, an old and rich banker, at Lyons, who bail accumulated immense wealth by usury and extortion, and was known to be haunted by remorse of conscience, on account of the manner in which he had ac- quired it. Passing over preliminary steps and preparations, behold Louise Brabant tête-à-tête with the old usurer, in his back parlour at Lyons, preparing him for the evening operations, by artfully turning the conversation on religious subjects, the reality of demons and spectres, the pains of purgatory, and the never ceasing torments of hell. During an interval of silence between them, a voice is heard, which to the astonished banker seems that of his deceased father, com- plaining of his dreadful situation in purgatory, and calling on him instantly to deliver him from thence, by putting into the hands of the worthy Louis Brabant, then with him, a large sum of money for the redemption of Christians in slavery with the Turks; threatening him at the same time with eternal damnation, if he did not likewise take this method to expiate his own sins! It may be readily supposed that Louise Brabant affected a due degree of astonishment on the occasion, and that he further promoted the deception by acknowledging his having devoted himself to the prosecution of the charitable design imputed to him by the ghost. An old usurer, however, is naturally suspicious; accordingly, the wary banker made an appointment with the ghost's delegate for the next day, when, to render any design of imposing on him abortive, he took him into the open fields, where not even a house, a tree, a bush or even a pit was in sight, capable of screening any possible confederate. This extraordinary caution called forth all the powers of our ventriloquist. Wherever the banker conducts him, at every step his ears are saluted on all sides with the complaints and groans, not only of his father, but of all his deceased relations, imploring him for the love of God, and in the name of every saint in the calendar, to have mercy on his own soul and theirs, by effectually seconding with his purse the holy intention of his righteous companion. Cornu could no longer resist the voice of Heaven; and accordingly carries his guest home with him, and pays him down ten thousand crowns! With which sum the honest ventriloquist returns to Paris, and marries his mistress. The catastrophe proved fatal to the old usurer; for the secret being revealed, and reaching his ear, he was greatly affected at the loss of his money and the mortifying railleries of his neighbours, that he took to his bed, and soon died. 