LEAVING ENGLAND. As a young fir, plucked from its native bed And planted in a soil it never knew, Looks green, per chance, although its roots be dead; So I, torn from the spot where I first drew The vital gale, and near to manhood grew, Shew outward calm, though inly sick with grief. The change ful landscape, fraught with objects new To my untravelled eye, give scant relief: The sorrowing mind finds foes within, and memory chief! Are we not fools, when happiness is rare, To spurn it—dash aside the cup of joy-- Fly ease, to thread the thorny maze of care? Alas! Wealth's siren-strains our steps decoy From present bliss, and future peace destroy! Why should we proudly scorn obscurity-- The safest state, the purest from alloy Of vice and ills?—When beasts from covert fly, And birds from deepest woods--farewell security! Ambition's not the idol of my soul; In boundless wealth no tempting charms I see; I drink no transports from the sparkling bowl, And midnight revels have no joys for me. Thus the great world a solitude must be— A dreary waste, wherein few tracks will guide My footsteps from the snares of treachery. What woes must unsuspecting hearts betide Where Malice her foul shape in Friendship's garb doth hide! These dark foreboding thoughts my mind oppress; Scarcely one beam of hope shoots through the gloom Which melancholy wraps around--unless Imagination paints my future doom, (When hungry Time shall my green years consume) Re-wafted to this now forsaken shore; Then joy may chance my sallow cheeks illume, When they, whom now as lost my strains deplore, Shall bless my longing sight, and we shall part no more. Some, joyous, quit their homes with blithe adieus— Scathed in life's storms, which sturdiest tempers tame; Or galled by power, or vexed with inward bruise; Or maddened by insatiate thirst of fame; Or reft of honesty, and doomed to shame, But I am none of these—no hate I bear To fellow men; my native land will claim, Ev'n to my latest gasp, my fervent prayer: How ever remote I be, my hopes must centre there! Nature Of Crimes In England Mr. Secretary Peel, in his place in Parliament, declared that (he commitments for offences, under the game laws during the last six or seven years, had exceeded 9000,being considerably more than 1200 annually. By an account of the number of punishments, of all kinds in the province of Dauphiny, in France, for the fifteen years preceding the. Revolution (and that country punishment and crime are synonimous) it appears that, there amounted in all to 323. Dauphiny, it is said, was, in respect to, crime the very worst province of France. The sentences of all sorts for the population of Dauphiny, amounting to 640,000, was therefore about 21 per annum. , This is however an unfavourable view. of France; for the crimes in the rich and flourishing provinces of French Flander's, Normandy,' were much fewer. Taking the population of England arid Wales at twelve millions, and takliip; the sentences of Dauphiny pbiny as the average of France before the Revolution, we should around 400 commitments annually. It appears then that three, times as many, people, are immured in prisons in England for the Game Laws alone, as were in France for all crimes whatsoever. Mr. Brougham.— A letter writer in London, to a friend in Connecticut, gives .the.following intelligence . respecting; this distuinguished lawyer ;- While speaking of Broughain and his eloquence, stated that he had been, and is a most assiduous student His. celebrated peroration in the defence of the Queen he wrote and re-wrote seventeen times. Is not that De - mosthenean? American Daily Advertiser " In all the way (says philanthropic traveller) from Buffalo to Quebec, I only met with one bug; and l cannot even swear that it belonged to the United States. In going down the St. Lawrence, in the steam-boat, I felt something crossing over my neck ;and. on laying hold of it ; with 'my finger, and thumb, it 'turned it turned out to be a little half-grown, ill- conditioning bug. Now whether were going from the American to the Canada side, or from the Canada to the American and had taken the advantage of my shoulders to ferry itself across, I could not tell. Be this as it may, I thought of my Uncle Toby and the Fly. and so, in lieu of placing it upon the deck and then putting my thumb-nail vertically upon it, I quietly chucked it amongst some baggage that was close by, and recommended it to get ashore by the first opportunity." This, we think if extending, philanthropy as far as.it can well go. The non-infliction of the thumb-nail "vertically,' the customary method being horizontal,) is a pathetic incident; and the kindness of chucking the noxious insect amongst baggage to bite a (much obliged) fellow-creature, He.instead of chucking it into the St. Lawrence, is remarkably humbagish, EXAGGERATING THE RESOURCE OF COUNTRY. Among our extracts (says an English Newspaper ) French papers, will be found on account of the trial Sir. Gregor Macgregor, and several other Englishmen and Frenchmen, before the tribunal of correctional Police, on a charge of swindling.— The Cacique. it is said, in the Contstutionnal of Friday, has had to support a captiyity of several months. The same paper thus describes charge :- Accused of having favoured the pretended acts of swindling. of the Sieur Lehaby; incending to that individual 2.cb square on his part had received different signs for money from fundermental indivi duals whom he had engaged to quit France, to go and inhabitat that country, the resources of which he fraudulently exaggerated to.them" The innocence of the Cacique and his associates was, it seems established : but Lehuby (who was absent) was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and a fine of fifty francs. Good lack ! how low in civilisation our neighbours seem to be ! To sentence a gentleman to two years' imprisonment; for fraudulently exaggerating the resources of a country in which he sold estates to them. .Why, the most exalted personages in this most moral and religions country do not scruple to exaggerate the resources of the lands, mines,& which they sell. . .Anecdotes of young nai- oleon. — 'Two' gentlemen, \- who visited -Vienna, were conversing in French at if- public . exhibition,' when they were overheard by young/Nnpoleonj' who was present. He eagerly asked if tht'y were lVench Jiiien,anil : being answered in' the affirmative/ said, ' I also am a Frenchman ; how are all my good'people in Paris ?'' ^nglisk Influence in TRfPOLi.— The English ,,iianui ^is-rotv-such . importance in Tripoli,., that; there is (Scarcely a |».i»ifit to carry, or dispute to settle, in which the. . -Bjubhiuy ;, does not request the interference of the British ? Consult But tliis is not all-^the British flag has $\ pecii linr power of .protection, and the roof of :the English Con ?sulih'lways ?ntFordsa-sanctuary to the perpetrator of any crime, : not even excepting murder ; and scarcely ti day ? passes:th:\t,soine perst-cnted Jew, or unhappy slave*, to es enpe the bastinado, does not rush into the court-yard of the British- Consulate, for protection. A 'poor wretch who,' for some t rifling, offence, was .sentenced to 500 bas tii^idoerf, having. ciHilriv^H,to- shpVfrojn the custody. of his guards, met with the i child nijH 'servant of Mr. Dickson, n most rt'Spt-ctablc: and intelligent physician, practising in Tripoli.' The condeinned^retch, with wonderful presence of mind, snatched up: tlMp|cHild . iiV -' Ijjs arms, and boldly ?halted before his pursuers/'^TJIuv. talisman was sufficiently powerful, arid the eul pi it walled on uninterrupted, ttiu'm phant I y claiming the protection of the British flag.;-— Den- h(nri*s Discoveries hi Africa. ' . ' Death of Mure at. — The court-martial sat, and whilst they were judging him,, the King, , who .had .ordered- the; Captain not. to say a single word in his defence, was quietly conversing with four officers, to whose care'he had liPt-n entrusted. 5^I;he last momenta of his life were those '?of 'a hero. -? The ^approach of- death, which- terrifies the '*'' ^renter part of innnijind, only increased his fortitirle. The King was still conversing with the officers, when' the tlooiv 'of his room was opened ; the Recorder had come to inform hiurlhathe ha«l;l-een sentenced to death, and that his exe-; cution was to take place in half/an hour. The itiiig, who] hadlisteued to him with great sang froid, sat : clown and! wrote an affectionate letter to 'his wife. Queen Caroline ; he then cut,ofF several locks of his hair; and having en veloped them with the letter, he delivered it unsealed to^ Captain Starage, requesting him to transmit it to is family, as al«o the sent of his watch, which would be found in his ^ rightiliand after his death (it .was a cornelian, representing' the face of his.wife). He then said to the Recorder, ' do; ?.not; wait any longer, 1 nnj '] prepared to die.' The King was led out of his room— that is, be only stepped but of; the door, and beheld twelve 'soldiers drawn up,1! who werej waiting' for. liim. lie walked1 towards them 'with a Bteadyj stepchild, whh~n sniiling.countehnrice, said, 'Soldiers ! do1 not let hie. suffer pain j the situation you are placed. in even render it necessary to fix the muzzles of your'iriuskets on my bosom /'-—lie then pointed to bis heart', and looked stedfttstlj-.at the seat which he. held in his right' hand; The) twelve soldiers fired- — thus died King Joachim j' at four! o'clock in the evening of the 13th' of October.— Fra7tCes-\ chettVsEvcnts-Mt Naples, '-'.'''?'?- i REvENOEON.jfi^NKFns. — The story of the simple Scotch-: man, who had £100 in 'one -of the' Scotch banks, 'and who on; being paid in notes of the bank, exclaimed ;ias; lie crossed the| /^hrjjsliold, :?;?*. Now :you may break when you- like,*' reminds us) fofJ|rt;',IrisU »tor.V in the rebellion .'; some -bankers haa rendered! tlK^mseiyca.-paVt|cuIa'rly.\«)bn.o'xibu's-t6 the rebels, \tlie consequence; of'vvliich was^thnt the whole of their notes,', whenever they fell} into the hands of the rebels, were immediately destroyed. At; every .huriiingthere was a shout raised, ' There goes some of the rascals' money !'»; ?; The '-Pc ague of Riches.— ilt is related in one of thej English newspapers tbati,during the late panic ' in tlVe com inf rcial world,' a countryman who bad-lOOl. in the hands of a linker', vviih'drew it, nnd^Jtookit home'; ^but after sitting! up'oneriiglirwilbiiis wife to guard it and getting no, sleep! the iiertruiglit, theyldeterrniried to take it back to the bank.! Such was the Plague of Riches to these tsvo persona ; a si milar feeling is very happily' described 'in , the .following, letter from the- Rev. Mr. M. Pilkinton i to. Dr. Delariy :— "Dear Doctor.— Though you expected to see me the bappiest' rnaii in the world,- by fthe ''extraordinary.' honoursi which I recei ved from bi3'^excellencyryet I cannot forbear ? acquainting ypu^you are, greaily,-jdisappointed;in that res-j Before i.l received hiai ^bounty j;(whicli far surpassed my. liopes,' and ,; was farmore the effect of .Iks , generosity than; any merit of mine,) I. thought, riches, were, so necessary an ) , ingredje.nt.-in liumanjife, that Jt ,was scarce 'possible to.-at-:. tain iany degree of .hanpiness without them. . Limagined,1 lhat, if-; possible, I hadbut a computed sum, I should »hayei ' no CHi-e, no trouble to discompose my tho.ughts,' nothing toi v,wiihdra\v my.mind febm virtue and the 'muses, \\\ but that,j !if possible, I should eiijoy a more exalted degree of con-:' vtent^antl delight in thein^hatl; had,;hithe)i:to j but now . -I! 'perceive these kind of notions i liaye been, the pure genuine; t effect' of a very empty purse. X' . ; . '? '':??? ' ' '. '! -]^[jr\hppes ^arc vanisl)edrjn^the;inci^asevof^my fortune;, :iny opinion of things is'of^suddeniso.altered^iliat^I^am! taught :o:-phy. lione tojrnucii i as the xtcfi, who,: by rny. com-' putatio.n (after three; te'dio.us,. weeks' experience), must of^ ne'eessffy have an income of ^ pjagues proportioned to thteir , fortune. '.-.'-. ? .?..'?-'?.-???'?-:?.'..?.??? -.-:????-?? ? ?'???. ;'' '- .' ?.*'''?' ? '. I kiiqvv this declarntion surprises yon;, but, in order. to; 'convince you, 1 will, as exactjy as possible, setdowh, by w.njrpf ilinry, the/different emotions of mind which I la-r 'bnu'red' under during ihe fiist. three ^weeks' guardianship^ (for r caii hardly.calj it ipossession) of that sa_uVe unfor-t tunate, care- bringing' 601. ; and'lmve not tlie l(Bast.rdoubt- but you will beleive'my assertipns'tb be true. .?._ '.;,;. j Monday, Jr-b. 16th. — rReceiyed .this morning the :igree-. ' able news of beirig ordiired to wait on liis excellency, the lord Cnrteret;. but, suffering a great .desiU.pf perplexity about appearing before one in so admired- and eminent a' 1 station,. -and so admired and emir\ent for' learning, and every ' other fVerfectibn of mind,— went, however, to the ? castlV^inel with a very; gracious reception, — had full . proof of thnt affability, wisdom^ and!geiierosily. for which his excellency is so peculiarly.. disMngnisheil, and which I liiiew-before only, by tlie.testimonials of others. Was or dertid- to go to Air. T. toreceive the premium appointed by my lo,d. -.??'.., ?.'?-?'.. :/'.-' Mempjaudum.— I irriagmed my stature greatly increased, and? talked inorc erect'tbnn usual ; w«nt in high spirits to t fit? secretary's, but, hs a drawback tumv happiness, re cipved the 'dis'ptr|tin|s''accp.n'nts;:pf his being confined to his \- clmmher. Denie'd adiniitsin'ec. V . . . . . ' i ?'????? MAnprandiirfl.— -Ilis excellency easier of access than Ii'ik ntlice'r. .. ?.,_.,...' ? Tuesibiy, 17th-- Tbe secretary still sick. Paid a visit ?jn his street -h-«r about twelve; returned melancholy. '. Wednesday - — ditto Saturday'- - difto. ^Tli\trsday - - ditto Sunday ; - - ditto. 'Friday; : - - diflo . ' . Oh! 'twas a dreadful interval of time ! Mondav,,?3.~Onlere-l lo wait again on Mr. T; hut, ' linnpiMung iu b« over tagei to receive the sum. 1 hfistehcd ? »u:i'y i.ou viWeason:»lile, abo.ut ha liriin-hour. after nvejve, unit jVuind liini asleep... , . ??. ' . . . ;? ?? Memorandum' — -Admitted this morning to stand in the luili, J\iid; tt'pi at the door, abltath becMi,s]anderous,aad um icioiuiy reported, T presumr, he-r«u-!f? it hnpppned so at . other timPii- .Walked in the piazzas till nhar one, rumi nating on the various hopes it ml feats, with which myaruud has been tormented this week pust. Could not; forbear repeating aloud thij'two lines of the liiet, which, acciden tally, are not more true of Addison than this gentleman. '* Who, grmvs a minister of state, ' ? Sees poets at his levee wait.' Memorandum.— Not under any apprehension of being understood by any person walking there, which' were only a few lawyers, and a parson or two. Saunter again to the secrVtary— out of hope. Permitted now to go. into a wide; unfurnished apartment : ' in lialf-an- hour's tune admitted to his presence,- — received a bill of 501.,— returned with great delight. I now imagined that notliini: was wanting to make me really happy : I pleased myself nlso with the thought of communicating happiness lo my friends, who would share it in my -success'; anr1 particularly to you, who are un wearied in endeavouring to promote the felicity of others. How far I wbs disappointed will appear by the sequel ; so, to proceed with' my diary ;' I wrapt, up my bill very care fully, yet could not forbear looking at it sometimes, though noc'ofrener ihan.nt every street's length. Hutj mark %thp instability of all human affairs ! As I was very attentively reading it, a pert swaggering fellow ruhscs by me; I im mediately suspected an attemnt upon my treasure, — looked; as earnestly nsT dared into the fellow'i face, and thought I read /* robbery' in die line? of his countenance, — so, hastily slipt rny. bill into my pocket without its cover : met a friend, told hinvof my success, and the generosity of his Excellency ; but, pulling out the bank- note hastily, tore it, in the middle— dismally frightened ! — came home, shewed it to my wife,- — was more terrified at hearing that it would how be of no value,— received several, compliments from her for my care of it, — and that I rcaa likely to be rich, since I took such pains to prhserve what I got, and the like.. Went directly in a fit of anger and vexation to Henry's Bank. — imiled a little, and spoke submissively to the clerk,— obtained a new bill, — returned again .'wit li joy y. all things settled amicably between us. - \Meinorandnm.— Found, upon inquiry, that the ill-favored gentleman, above mentioned,^was bh'e;Mr. Whatd'yecall him, the attorney; of whom I need not have been in such terror, since he never was known to be guilty of such an acrifni in a public way. Monday night, 12 o'clock. — Went to bed as usual, but found myself violently pulled till I awoke. Seized w,ith a urent trembling, when I. heard a voice crying, f'take care of the bill;— found immediately Jfproceeded from the] concern of my bedfellow, who it seems was as ill-formed to possess great riches as-myself,— pitied her, told her 'it was shfe;^— fell atleep soon, but was, in less than two hours,! roused again -with her crying— My dear, my dear, are you sure it is safe ? Don't you hear some noise'tJterc ? JVZ lay mylJife [there's robbers in the room ! Lord have mercy \ iipon' its,— -what a hideous fellow I just now sazo by' my, bed-side, with a\ drawn sword — or, did I dr*am it? — Tcembled.a little at her suspicions,— slumbered, — but was awakened a third time in the same'imanner,— rose, about six, much, discomposed,— received a very solemn charge. to- be watchful against accidents, — and let 'me beg of yow,1 ?my dear, to have a great care of the bill. Tuesday, 24th. — Became extremely. impatient to have' this ? tormenting bill-changed into money, out of a belief that it would be then liable to accidents— breaking of bankers, &c.; Went to onebnnk.and«was refused ; yetwas ashamed to go to Henry's so soon-— -contrived, however, to get it exchanged, after a great variety of schemes and journies to several places. Came home, spread it upon the table to see the utmost. bounds and exient'of my riches, — -all the rest of the day sat contriving where to lay it, ; wfiat part of the house, would be /lest suspected ? by thieves, if if. anyi should come, — perceived my mind more disturbed with' having soniuch money in-my ciistody than I liad before. \- Tuesday night, 11 o'clock.— Went round my house to inspect my doors whether they were, all safe,^— rperceived_ a great de :n'ciency.-;of. bars,:; bolts, locks, latches, door-cliains, window -8liutter9,;fire-arihs,',&c..wliich;_I never had taken the least notice .ofbeforeJ- ? ?'Peeped 'with ''great circumspection undcr,the' bc'd«. Resolvedto wilch this night, and prepare expedients for my security next morning; Watched accordingly. Wednesday, 25lh.— Extremely fafigucd with my last night's Avatching,— consnlted several hours. about preserving my- wealth,' — believed it most safe in bills; .After mature deliberation, 'hur ried away to the bank and took a bill for it, came away with an easier mind, : walked about two streets' length cheerfully;,- but be ganr fosreflectj-that if myiload was- lighter, yet, on-theother hand,-the;bill might again be torn, be dropt, or mislaid ^went back. in haste, once more rcceivedtit.in money, brought it home, -looked frequently behind me as I walked,- — hid it, — resolved to ay out -Ilia greatest part of it in plate,— bespoke it accordingly; — prepared my fire-arms, — went to bed,— not oue wink of sleep all this night.'.1.- ?-??: ? ^ ». Thursday, 2Glh.— Looked a little paler to- day than usual, but not hmch concerned, at that,-since it was misinterpreted by my friends forfthe clTectsof hard study. Invited abroad- for din ner;— went, — satdown to table, but in that dreadful moment re collected that my closet, where'my xvhole treasuro was deposited, was leftoperi. — was observed to change colour, and looked ter rified,— Macbeth not so startled when he saw the ghost of mur dered Banquo at the feast. ? ' Memorandum.— Money a perpetual apparition to a covetous mind.1 . Itan directly home, — found all safe, but returned' toolale for dinner,— -fasted, fretted. .Well saith St. Paul — ?Money is the root of all evil. * 'Thursday night, 12 o'clock.— Hired'; a watchman to gunrd m.y\ doors, went to bed, but no sleep; the samc-mind-plaguing riches floated uppermost in my - thoughts ; mcthinks they cried, Sleep no more .'Wealth had murdered thy sleep /—Slumbered, however, a little towards monaing,— dreamt of nothing but of rpbbers, as ;sassinsi spectres, flames, hurricanes,— walked ia grcnt terror. Dear doctor, if would be too tedious to pursue the dreadful narration any further, every day administering new cause of un easiness'; nor did my concern forsake me in the midst of com pany and wine. 'Till I had the plate sent home, I was uneasy, lest, after I liad ordered it to be made, I should be robbcd.of my, money, and then not be able to pay for it ; and when I had it once in my possession, I trembled every instant for fear of losing it for ever. When at home, I was afraid of being- murdered for my substance ; arid when abroad, I was much terrified with thef apprehension; that either my servants might possibiy he dis honest, and so contnve to deprive me of it while I was absent,1 or' else, thati by carelessness, they -might set fire to my house nrid destroy it all at once. Every bell IlicardringI immediate ly imagined to be afire-hell ; nnd every ^/irc-tcH-alarmcd mo with belief -tli.it my own'house was in ablaze — so thai I. was plagued without interruption. Since I have recovered myself n little, I have made an exact calculation of the pleasure and pain I have endured : and T shall shew you the just balance, the more fully to convince you. A faithful account of the happiness and misery of Matthew Pijkingtoii, Clerk, for the space of eleven days, on receiving .^SOffohi his excellency the Lord Caterct : — '??'???. . ''.' Happy. d. 'ii. m. During the whole time of being with my - ? n 1 0 Jord.'and ?till I went lo the secretary's \ By telling my success to -several friends, i and describing his excellency's person - 0 8 0 arid perfections1 j Bv receiving tin; sunifrom Mr. TV - 0 0 3 Bv receiving the new bill for lltat which was - 0 3 1 'torn, and pacifying my wife - ) ': Total Happiness - - 0 7-4 :''??' ftlherable. ??:?;??' - All tho remainder - - 10 16 56 To conclude nil; To keep my mind ns calm nnd as quiet as it. was in the davs of niy poverty, I have expended O£-32m plate, to be a monument of his excellency's generosity to inr, nnd that plate I have lodged nt a rich neighbour's house for its security. About ^g*10 1 have expended in fortifying my house npainst the next money mUfoi tuna that may happen to inc. of which, hmvever, nt present, there nppcars no ercat danger. And if, {iroyitU-ntiallv. my fortune be advnnc:erf, I hope to bear it with greater resolution, and he in n better condition to pre srrve it.^ I ain, dtar doctor, your atrcctioimle friend and, scr- va'iit. ' ' ' . - ? _ ? ' Mat. Pilkinton. 