While we condemn a sweeping attack upon the whole body of the Magistracy, because some persons in the commission of the peace are guilty of occasion al delinquencies, we are disposed to encourage an ex- posure of every individual dereliction of duty, and to hold up to public notice and public reprobation or re- proof all who abuse the authority reposed in them. These were our feelings when we described the aber- rations of Dr. Harris; and those are the feelings which would urge us at all times, to condemn outrageous at- tempts to excite hatred and malice in the multitude against the Magistrates in general, on account of the misdeeds of two or three improper characters, who may have been improperly placed in that office of trust and responsibility. A charge against all, be- cause one has misdemeaned himself, leads to no inquiry; to no result, except disapprobation of the accuser. The misdoer likes to be thus assailed; for he is screened by numbers, and the charge recoils upon his assailant, who is pursued as the disturber of the public tranquil lity, and as maliciously seeking to bring the Magis- tracy into disrepute. Taking the Justices of the Peace as a whole, old Hands and new Hands together, we believe that the Commission of the Peace is toler- ably well made up ; this is no reason, however, why it should not be amended, if it can. A great many of the Magistrates are as well fitted for the office they sustain, as are any other persons by whom their places might be filled; but this is no reason why the unsuit- able should not be dismissed, and men of temper, of consideration and ability, substituted for them — it is no reason why those, who do disgrace the Commission should not be pointed out, any more than because there are those who do disgrace it, that the whole of the Justices of the Peace should be involved in one general censure. The exercise of power, be it only the trifling power which a Magistrate enjoys, frequently destroys the equilibrium of the mind. It renders the most submissive of slaves, the worst of tyrants; and often makes men undergo a complete transmutation. We have, ourselves, witnessed some instances of this kind. We have seen some men modest and temperate on their first acting in the Commission of the Peace — we have seen the same men changed in their frame of action altogether, become reckless of the golden rules of their office, cant about conscience and integrity of intention; and yet, by the evident rashness of their decisions, prove it to be a real calamity to the people, that they were ever allowed to append J. P. to their signatures. In justice to worthy Magistrates, it shall be our care, most studiously, to mark characters like the above; it shall be our care to record those of their de- cisions, which war with prudence and with honest and temperate feeling ; it shall be our care thus to uphold the credit of the Magistracy generally ; and fix, not destroy, the confidence of the people, in the adminis- tors of the Laws. Few persons will have effrontery to brave exposure, when they know that their actions and their names will be jointly celebrated; and, that they themselves will have to submit to much further reproach, than is conveyed in a distant insinuation against the Magistrates of the Colony. As we are now on this subject — a subject which is really of paramount interest, to every class of people in the Colony — we may as well advert to some recent circumstances which appear to us not altogether un- worthy of notice. We allude to certain opinions which prevail among some of the Magistrates of Sydney (we know not if these opinions are generally current among the members generally of every Bench of Magistrates in the Colony), relative to charges of a Civil nature against Tickets of Leave, Holders, and Prisoners at large. It is our belief, that perplexities and embar- rassments, and serious inconveniences will spring up unless the above opinions undergo at least some modi- fication. A breach of contract, or rather an alleged breach of contract, on the part of the above-mentioned classes, is punished as a criminal act would be in a free person. That Magistrates should have cogniz- ance of such cases, does not appear on due reflection to be very contrary to sound principles — if such cog- nizance were sanctioned by any public enactment what ever. We do not recollect at this moment, however, that any such power exists; and, that Magistrates can constitute themselves a Civil tribunal, to try actions of Assumpsit, where one or both of the litigants may be under the ban of the Law. It is, we think, agree able to good policy, that the Justices of the Peace should be invested with this authority, for this plain rea- son — that a Prisoner of the Crown, whether at large or not, cannot, by the strict letter of the Law sue, and some difficulty might attend his being sued — the clause in the Act of Parliament, enabling Prisoners who have received an absolute or conditional remission of the whole or some part of the term of transportation &c;, to hold property, not extending, as we imagine, to Prisoners merely allowed to be at large, or to possess some indulgence. But it is not so much the right of taking cognizance of these matters, in these cases which attracts our attention at this moment, as the mode of treatment of the unfortunate fellow, who may chance to be accused of not performing his promise ex- actly as he made it. This peculiarity in the Civil-Criminal Code of the Colony- will be best illustrated by an example, which fell under our personal observation. It struck us, at the time, as being an extraordinary proceeding; and we resolved to make it a subject of discussion. We shall relate the case with all the accuracy our recollection enables us to apply — Mr. Samuel Terry charged a man, named Russel, with embezzling some iron which he had given him to fashion into cart arms. The case stood over for a day: when Mr. Terry again appeared, and then fully explained the nature of this transaction of embezzlement. Russel at the time the iron was given to him, was an assigned ser- vant to Mr. Terry, but it did not appear that the condition of assignment were very rigidly attended to; but on the contrary, Russel worked both for Mr. Terry, and on his own account, and we rather think, was paid either by the piece or by the week, for the jobs done for Mr Terry, who represented that he had acted as a father to him. Russel performed his labor, either in the workshop of Mr. Terry or in one owned by him but rented out to another person. Mr. Terry, after the iron had been entrusted to Russel went into the work-shop and saw Russel using this iron, not on his, but on some other, job for Russel's own benefit; and inquiring the reason of this, Russel told him that he intend ed to use some iron of his own, better adapted than Terry's iron for the cart arms. In this Terry fully acquiesced and, of course, felt obliged at the consideration of the man. So far complainant and defendant appeared to agree in their statement; and down fell all notion of embezzle- ment. It also dropped out incidentally, that Russel frequently purchased iron of Mr. Terry: and sometimes had had the good fortune to pay sixpence per pound, and after working it, to sell it at fourpence per pound. It was alleged by Russel, and he produced a book to support his statement, that he had purchased the identical iron from Terry. On the other hand, Mr. Terry produced his books and maintained that Russel was in his debt. However complainant proceeded with his testimony, and added that the cart arms were made for him according to promise, and would have been delivered, only Russel said they wanted a little finishing off — that after they were so made, Russel converted them into a cart axle-tree,and sold the axle-tree to Mr. Kinghorne, and that on selling it, he had weighed it in his, Mr. Terry's scales. The accuracy of some part of this statement was impeached by Russel. But it did not appear that though cart arms had not been delivered within the stipulated time, that they never would be delivered; and, upon the whole, there appeared to be a good deal of disputation between the parties about mutual accounts &c.; We must not forget to state that Russel, from being Terry's assigned servant, had, during the period that the cart-arms were in hand, become assigned to his wife, and was work- ing solely for his own and his family's benefit, when the complaint was brought under the consideration of the ma- gistrates. We have thus drawn up as succinct and clear a statement as we have been able to frame. Mr. Rossi was arguing the case with great patience between the parties, when another Magistrate (Mr. Carter) arrived. Mr. Rossi briefly put him in possession of the details of the case. "Prisoner a free man?" said Mr. Car- ter. 'Prisoner.'' "Oh a very simple case," con- tinued Mr. C. ''I am surprised that the time of the Court should be taken up for a moment with it; it's a breach of contract, and only a breach of con- tract, no misdemeanor in a free man, but it is in a prisoner, and we shall punish him for it." Consulted a moment with Mr. Rossi, and sorry are we to say that Mr. Rossi was induced to sentence Russel to "fourteen days service on the tread-mill, and then be returned to Government!'' Now on such a procedure as this, the most serious reflections must arise in the mind. The impolicy of this cannot but be seen instantly. If this course be perse- vered in, there is not a Ticket of Leave Holder, or a prisoner at large, who will not incur the danger of being turned into Barracks, at the instance of the first free man who conceives a spite against him. Free peo- ple are often more dissolute and abandoned than the prisoners; many of them utterly regardless of the bonds of an oath, and who will readily come forward to crush either a rival workman, or to satisfy a revenge- ful mind, if they are persuaded that swearing their enemy to have been guilty of a breach of contract, will suffice to work his utter ruin. It is the object of Go- vernment — it is to the interest of the Colony, to have every meritorious man, even though he be a prisoner, working for his own benefit. He who works for him- self, works more willingly than for another, and the sum total of labor performed in the Colony, must be increased in proportion to the extent of that willing labor. A man will work for himself and family, and I maintain both ; though, in the hands of one to whom he might be assigned, or in the hands of Government, the products of his labor might be insufficient to meet what he consumes in food and clothing. Keep the prison- ers and all the people in due subordination. Prevent breaches of good faith as well as frauds and felonies, but do not let us see the first and best inducement a man has, to demean himself well, withdrawn. Do not destroy the moral distinctions between a breach of con- tract and pilfering, by punishing both with equal se- verity; do not make a man a felon by treating him as a felon, because he may not have performed a promise to the very letter. A discrimination in punishment is most essential. Every Code of Laws bears witness that the Nations of the earth have ever thought so. But what discrimination is there in condemning this man Russel to a punishment which could not have been more severely felt, had he been guilty of stealing. Whether he were consigned to the Barracks, or to a penal settlement, is the same to him. He is severed from his family — from a well-conducted and respecta- ble wife, with a child in her arms, only six weeks-old. His work-shop is broken up— his debtors are enabled to evade their obligations— his creditors, if he have any, are deprived of their expectations of payment; and his wife and infant suddenly left to perish. If Magistrates are authorised to, and do, act in this manner, on every complaint of a breach of contract, the Government may as well destroy the indulgence of a Ticket of Leave, — may as well cease to allow a prisoner to be at large on any account, or be assigned to his wife. No one will give employment but to a free man, from an idea that a Prisoner may be hurried away on some frivolous charge, either true or false and the job left unfinished; and, perhaps, the ma- terial subjected to the rapacity of some plunderers 0f the man's unprotected workshop. Had there been any circumstances of aggravation in Russel's case, we should not have made it particularly the subject of comment. But, Mr. Carter did not stop to inquire into particulars, or to hear any thing except that it was a Breach of Contract. He considered the time of the Court should not he so long occupied with such a trifling case, and hurried off the accused to the tread mill. The details of the case are after all not so material. They maybe left entirely out of our consideration; and the reasoning may, and indeed does, stand simply upon Mr. Carters' words, "It is a breach of contract, and therefore we will punish him," — "it is a misdemeanor in him, and therefore we will punish him." It was suggested that, though the man had not performed the contract, he might perform it with all possible despatch. No! the Breach of Contract — that was the gist of the crime, and he must therefore be punished with the tread-mill! We are particular in dwelling on this point — the Breach of Contract, in order to disarm the cry of misrepresentation. However consistent it may be with the duties of the Magistrate, "to hear and determine" Civil disputes, wherein Prisoners are concerned, the utmost that a Justice of the Peace should be allowed to do, would be to act as a Civil Court would act when parties-com- petent to come before it — bring their suits for adjudi- cation. Magistrates who do not lay claim to the smallest particle of knowledge of the Law, are suffi- ciently well informed, to know that Civil Courts do not punish the unsuccessful suitor; but order him to do that which he has undertaken to perform, or which a Jury thinks he ought to perform. A Court compels him to pay a debt -- to perform a contract — to make reparation; he has this option, and in the event of a refusal, consigns him to Gaol. All, therefore that a Magistrate is justified in doing, with respect to a Holder of a Ticket of Leave; or to a Prisoner legally at large, in cases of Civil complaints is, after inquir- ing into the merits of the charges, and after satisfying himself that the complaint is well founded, to order the defendant to fulfil his contract, perform his pro- mise, or make reparation; and if the defendant do not choose to obey the verdict, let him then be returned into the Prisoners Barracks, or be dealt with as the violated laws would then demand. The condition of a Prisoner may alter or take away his own rights ; but it cannot alter or add to the rights of others; and, therefore, the oath of a plaintiff, in a Civil suit, ought not to be taken because the defen- dant is a Prisoner, any more than if he were a Free Man. This however, is one of the absurdities which the exercise of undefined power leads to — one of the absurdities which occurred in the conviction of Russel. We sincerely hope that this subject, which is so deeply interesting to all the Colony, will excite atten- tion, in the proper quarter. We should be very sorry to see discredit thrown on the office of Justice of the Peace; and yet we do not see how it is to be avoided, where powers are assumed and, exercised, which do not belong to that order of public officers. The several Clauses of the last Act in Council re- lative to the issue of small notes, to the adjusting of Dollar Contracts, and to the repeal of the Act lega- lising Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, drawn in a dollar denomination, merit our approval. As we stated, some weeks ago, it was not to be ex- pected that people would voluntarily renounce the habit of carrying on their money obligations with, "dollars at five shillings," while the law which gave effect to them continued in force. All "promises to pay," will henceforward be promises to pay in sterl- ing. This is one step, at least, towards the exile of a depreciated Currency. Prohibiting the issue of paper money of a lower de. nomination than twenty shillings sterling, pleases us much; as it will determine the pedlar-traffic of the issuers of one dollar and one half dollar notes; and prevent the Colony being inundated with their beg- garly rags, which have in many instances been used as a paltry contrivance for evading payments of debts. The Colony has been conducted to the verge of a general bankruptcy by a superabundance of' paper money; and every half dollar note contributed its mite to produce this state of things. While a fa- cility of obtaining this trash existed, every one was tempted to fill his stores with merchandize, as he had only to encrease his written obligations in propor- tion as he encreased his stock — real pay-day never arrived, and so he was induced to enter deeper and deeper into trade; as if the mere act of buying and giving an acceptance were the sure road to wealth. Commercial men traded beyond their means, because those means were undefined, .and because they con- tracted the belief that those means were illimitable. Bill of Exchange succeeded Bill of Exchange, actual payments were scarcely known, and those that did take place, proceeded from the labour and products of the husbandman and agriculturist. The times were hard for these classes, but easy enough for the trading interest. Conditions for a time will be re- versed - the farmer will buy at a reasonable rate, be- cause the trader must sell; and the trader will be content with small profit, because he must have money. Trade may he a little hampered now and then, where the circulating medium is scanty; but depend upon it, a country is in its most wholesome state when commercial dealings are for the most part carried on by payments in specie, and not in bills. When credit is high one with another in a commu- nity, when bills fly about, those who accept bills will always charge, in the sale of their goods, for the extra risk; and, those who give them, will willingly pay more, so that they thus avert, for a time, the day of payment. Bank-notes are the same in effect as the notes of individuals, for they are but the notes of individuals, they do but represent the credit of indivi- duals. In restraining the issue of notes of lower denomina- tion than twenty shillings sterling, an infringement is made on the Charter of the New South Wales Bank. We know not whether this was adverted to or not, at the time the Act in Council was passed. We should rather think that it was not thought of; as if it had, it is probable that some notice would have been taken of it, either by words, including the Bank in, or ex- cluding it from the .operation of the clause. The words "any law custom or usage," may possibly be held to comprehend the Bank Charter; at all events the Bank cannot issue notes for less money than twen- ty shillings. The Charter limits the issue to four shillings sterling. Rendering four shillings and. fourpence a legal ten- der for a Spanish dollar, will save much litigation. So many would have exacted from their debtors, their "pound of flesh," and in the. absence of dollars en- tirely, would have imposed most unmerciful conditions. Though however we thus approve of the Act in Council, we are still of opinion that people in their common transactions — indeed in all minute dealings, will find themselves for a time in a dilemma. It will be long before sterling silver gets diffused through the Colony; and when it does get into general cir- culation, setting aside the inconvenience which the Merchants will endure, from a want of the means of obtaining Treasury Bills for remittances, it will be found to be far too small in amount, to answer ordin- ary purposes. We know of no plan so good as the one we suggested some time since, viz. — stamping the Spa- nish dollar, with a Colonial device, and impressing on it, the words "four shillings and fourpence." There are but few persons on a public requisition being made, who would refuse to send into a public office, the dol- lars they possessed, for the sake of receiving the ne- cessary impression. A sufficient quantity of coin, for the purposes of a currency, might thus be readily ob- tained; and. we should then approximate, as nearly as possible, to a sterling circulation, in our internal transactions. This plan, too, would avoid the incon- venience, of placing in the hands of the Commissary another mass of silver, which would again relieve him for a time from the necessity of drawing Treasury Bills — it would avoid this inconvenience, even suppos- ing, that England, just now, could spare more specie. It is a bad time to ask for it; and if it were obtained, it would be as bad to introduce it, when a substitute equal in intrinsic value can be obtained, without any inconvenience attendant upon its introduction. The dollars, when stamped at four and fourpence each, might be considered of the same value as four shillings and fourpence; indeed, the intrinsic worth of each, is really about equal to that sum; and the Commissary might be required to give Treasury Bills for them, as for sterling silver. 'We find by a late London Price Current that the CE-. DAR WOOD of this Colony fetches from sixpence to seven pence per foot in the English Market. Consi- dering the first cost of this wood, the expense of freight and the quantity which usually proves damaged, by the time it arrives in England, the above, though seemingly a very fair price, is as far as we. can judge, barely remunerating to the exporters. Were it not a matter of necessity, that the imports of merchandize should be met, as much as possible, by every kind of exports that are or can be at all rendered available, it is not likely that the attention of the merchants would have been directed to this wood. It has recently been exported to a great extent, and has answered the pur- pose of those who have used it as a medium of making remittances. The fewer the hands through which this cedar passes — seeing that it has not exactly a command- ing sale in the British market — the more.likely it is to prove of use as an export. The trade in it.has hither- to been confined .to those persons who have employed sawyers, and who have sold it to merchants for direct exportation. If any thing could give it a chance in the English markets, it was this advantage, and on this account principally has it happened that the cedar could be sold, at.only sixpence or sevenpence per foot, without occasioning loss to the exporters. Some alterations have lately been made by Govern- ment, affecting a numerous class of persons who had employed themselves in obtaining cedar for the mer- chants — alterations which, from what we can learn, will not prove very beneficial either to the Govern- ment, or to the commercial interests, or to the Colony. The persons above alluded to had been in the habit of repairing to the Cedar Lands, some with, and others without leave — those who were not at the trouble to ask permission from Government, went clandestinely, and in order to avoid observation, used to incur very serious risks, loading their boats indiscreetly; — haz- ading out to sea in small boats, at unseasonable times, and many lives were thus sacrificed. To avoid this, a public notice was issued, and the illicit traffic in a great degree restrained. The Govern- ment was subsequently advised to sell the permission to cut the Cedar, or rather to sell the Cedar itself, and to demand a halfpenny per foot for all that was car- ried away. This, perhaps, was not one of the most po- litic measures possible, (though we grant. that Goyern- [ment] had a right to sell Timber on Government land,) inas much as if had a tendency to obstruct, in place of promoting the exportation of the produce of the Colony, in these times of great difficulty and embarrassment. The halfpenny per foot, (had competition been left open, had every poor applicant been allowed to receive the permission from Government,) might not have proved very injurious, for many who had been in the habit of procuring the Cedar for Merchants, were disposed to procure it on the new terms, and by paying the new demand. But as we uuderstand measures are in con- templation for letting or leasing to three or four Capa- talists, most of the land within the neighbourhood of Sydney, and on which the Cedar grows. This will give to these monopolists, if the plan he carried into effect, the power of exacting what terms they please from the men who get their livelihood by the employ- ment of Sawyers — the price of one halfpenny will be encreased at will, and thus either the exportation will be lessened, or a profit be derived out of the labor of the poor, for the benefit of middle-men — middle-men, who will pay the Government one rate and underlet at ano- ther. This may save the Government some little trou- ble, but it will be extremely injurious to the trade of the Colony. If we have not been misinformed on this business, and if Government are really iutending to surrender the Cedar lands to monopolists, we must beg of them to pause before they commit an error which will not only materially affect existing contracts with Sawyers, - contracts with Merchants, - injure the ex- portation trade, but perhaps deprive of the means of earning a hard, but honest livelihood, many industri-. ous men. The Governor came .to town yesterday in his travel- ling carriage from Parramatta — a Council was held in the forenoon — in the course of the day his Excellcncy inspected the detachment of' the New South Wales Corps, which arrived by the John Barry. His Honor the Chief Justice, it is understood, is about making some new arrangements for the better dispos- ing of the criminal business in future. A regular quarterly assize, or gaol delivery is contemplated. At present the gaol is greatly crowded. The Attorney-General has expressed his intention to advise with the Magistracy, relative to the form of Commitments of Prisoners to trial — the warrant in- tended in future shall specify to what particular Courts the offender is destined to take his or her trial. The Amateur Concert takes place this evening, for the third time of the season. The concourse of vi- sitors, it is expected, will be more numerous than on the two former occasions. A reprieve was received at the County gaol, on Sa- turday last, in favor of five unfortunate individuals who had been sentenced to death. Their names are Thomas Watkins, William Bateman, William Hathaway, John Boyd, and Henry Drummond. Their sen- tences have been commuted to transportation for life to a penal settlement, Norfolk Island. They are to be immediately removed from the Gaol to the above place. A number of invalid soldiers will proceed home by the Lady Rowena; their embarkation on board that vessel is fixed for the 24th instant — she is expected to sail on the following day. A rumour which circulated last week, of the brig Fame, having put into Botany-bay, turns out to be unfounded. The vessel which came to anchor, was, the schooner Elizabeth and Mary, bound out on a sealing excursion. She belongs to Mr. Joseph Underwood. The christening of their last child, a fine healthful little girl, Mr. and Mrs. R. Cooper celebrated on Monday evening, by a spirited ball and sumptuous sup- per. The ladies, who were nearly all "currency lasses," equalled, if not exceeded in number, the other sex. Emblematical figures of peace and plenty, en- circled by the olive and cornucopia, were designed, in chalks, on the ball-room floor, in a very tasteful way. Plenty exhibited herself under the most tempt- ing forms, in fruits and wines, and pastry during the night, and Tuesday morning dawned before the merry group had quitted the pleasures of the ball-room. The attempt of a person, named Wilson, residing in Pitt-street, to introduce gas light into the Colony upon a small scale, has been attended with success -- this persevering individual has now a lamp supplied with gas, erected over his street door — it gives a bril- liant light — the interior of his shop is also illumina- ted by that same means. A little girl, about two years of age, the daughter of Mr. Rowley, a Publican, resident at Liverpool, had a very providential escape from imminent and certain death, on Monday week last. The child was playfully diverting herself by the kitchen. fire, when a brown snake protruded its head from under the floor — it ap- proached the child, and wound its sinuous length round her leg — the infant, unconscious of her danger, encou- raged the venomous reptile. With a bull-rush, which she held in her hand, the infant patted its head, and con- tinued to divert herself with the dangerous reptile, until it darted between her legs, moved towards the spot It had just issued from, but was intercepted by a servant, who had watched its wily movements during this period of anxious suspense, and who succeeded in depriving the noxious reptile of the power of expend- ing its venom — by a well-directed blow, which depriv- ed it of motion. The snake was one of the most deadly species — it was brown, and the kind most dreaded by the black natives — the fatal effects of its bite are quickly felt; the poison spreads rapidly thro' the veins and arteries of whoever be the ill-fated victim; whether he possess the strength of a Goliah, or the weakness of an infant, in half an hour, and frequently in a shorter time, after becoming inoculated with its envenomed virus, the pulse of life ceases to throb. A Coroner's Inquest sat at Parramatta on Monday. Teddy Mulherne, a Government servant to the Revd. S. Marsden, had received a kick from a horse belong- ing to the Revd. Mr. Cartwright, which proved fatal — the unfortunate man died on Saturday at the Hos- pital, where the inquisition was held -- the verdict found was — "Died by the kick of a horse." On the morning of Saturday last, the husband of an old woman, who occupied a house in Cum- berland- street, discovered, on returning after an ab- sence from home, that his wife had given up the ghost. No one could tell how or when this happened, and it was very properly made the subject of a Coroner's In- quest. The Coroner accordingly proceeded to empa- nel, and investigate the evidence of one of the deceased's neighbours, which went to prove that the old wo- man had been seen a few minutes before nine o'clock of the previous night, as well as she usually appeared to be. She did not then seem at all likely to take leave of life so suddenly as it would appear she had done — a medical Gentleman examined the body, and was of opinion the deceased had died in the common course of nature. The Jury acquiesced in the opinion of the Coroner and Surgeon; and recorded their verdict — "Died by the visitation of God." BIRTH — On Thursday last, Mrs. Broadbent, of Pitt-street, of a daughter. DIED — On Monday, the 17th instant, at Parramatta, Mrs. Reynolds, — leaving six children to lament her loss. On Saturday, at same place, Mrs. Maria Wells, wife of the deputy chief constable of that place. 