\AUSTRALASIAN POLITICS. ; In our last, we suggested the propriety of an i Agentbeingappointed - as well astheestablish mentof a fund for Colonial purposes-and also t.thé nomination of a Committee ; but we have. learnt, upon enquiry, that the best and most ; efficient way to secure the appointment of a . properly qualified Agent, and keeping him res- pectably equipped, would be to have an Act of »?the Legislature passed, authorising the forma ' iron of such a fund, and also sanctioning the ap- pointment of an Agent. Such is the practice . adopted in other Colonies, and the Agent, >vho i resides in England, is furnished with a regular . salary and allowances from the Revenue of the 'Colony, which, of course, is liquidated by the co- operating liberality of those concerned. To set about the accomplishment of this object, would require, in our judgment, three quali- fications, namely, talent, perseverance, and 'wealth. If the Colonists are deficient in these ' resources, let us all fall asleep together ; but, 'if,the people are conscious, as they must be, of possessing those powers, which, if only par- tially exercised, would effect every object that -is acknowledged by the world to be most desi . rabie, why is it, then, that they do not make a simultaneous movement, and simply, respectfully, and loyally make known their wants to their present Ruler; since it would be the height of criminality, in any one, to imagine, for an instant, that His Excel- lency would not be proud to meet the views, and comply with the wishes, of those Colonists who will always prove his best safeguard, and continue to give efficiency to his energetic and well-organized Administration. The public mind, at this moment, we know, only requires the application of the match; and if we could only, once more, succeed in being the instru " ment of setting the Colonists in a Constitutional blaze, like unto that of times past, we should be amply repaid for all our toil. We could point out some individual or other, who might . begin to set the machinery ¡n motion, butwe will not take upon ourselves this task, since the Public can think and act for themselves. i We will drop the subject, on the present occasion, by quoting the terminating clause of Sir Thomas Brisbane's reply to the Address ' from the County Meeting, which occurred in October last, and that will probably stimu- late the people to renewed activity; inas- much as the opinions, advanced in our last number, herewith meet full corroboration . "In taking leave of you, I beg to express to the Inhabitants, who have dóneme the honour io pay me their parting tribute of respect my sincere wishes for their individual health'and happiness, and for the continued prosperity of the country which they have adopted Though removed from their presence, I shall not feel the less interest in their welfare; and 1 desire it to be understood as ottering a.solemn pledge, that my personal attention and best interests shall be exerted in their behalf in every situation in which I may hereafter be placed." ^ From respectable authority we learn, since the above was written, that a Committee is on the eve oí being presently formed in Sydney, and that Sub- Committees will also be consti -tuted in all the various towns of importance throughout the Country. It is conjectured that Mr. D. Wentworth, J. P. of Home-bush ; bir John Jamison, of Regen t-vi Ile- Mr Law son, J. P. of Veteran Hall, Prospect- Mr" Lowe, J. P. of Bringelly; Mr. Moore, J.'P 0f Liverpool ; Mr. Richard Fitzgerald, and Mi Harper, ot Windsor; Mr. Baldwin of Wil berforce; Mr. Dight, of Richmond; Rev W .Walker Mr. Jamieson, Mr.F. Oakes, and Mr! J. W Fulton, Parramatta; and Mr. W.C Went worth, Mr. G. Blaxland, J. P. Mr S Terrv Mr. T. Raine, Mr. R. Campbell um mÍd' Cooper, Mr. T.W. Middleton, Mr. j Foiuï Mr. J. WHshire, Mr. W. Hutchingn, Mr. Í' Connell, Mr. S. Lord, and ,»ther Gentlemen innumerable, we understand, uill fee{lui greatest pleasure in stepping forward with their united wealth and intlulnce, to prômo e the prosperity of the Colony, by earnesUy seeking the Constitutional Liberties of their forefathers. We promise to renew the topic in our next number, as we feel its growing importance; and are confident that the Colonists are also aware of the necessity for calling their best energies into play atso eventful a crisis. Respecting the» «¡ale and allotment of land thei o have been txpcnenctd, hitherto, very many dif ficulties. Bininu has been attached to the Stn veyor Geneial, from time to time, under former Administiallons-lo his deputies-to Colonial Se crelanes-whilst even Governors themselves have not escaped censure; nor was this to be wondered at, considering the many difficulties which at- tended the location of land-difficulties which formerGovernments,howe\er wise and |iidicious however much disposed to benefit selliers-seemed totally ignorant how to remedy. Orders were then issued from the Colonial Secretary's Office, em- powering »etilers to seaich for and obtain land, but then they were couched so vaguely, or at most the principle, upon which they weie louniJi.il wissoill defined, that hundred-, had gone in sean li of land, and had merely the toinfoi U arising fruin a Quixotic expedition for then pains. We have known individual', partictilaily those that hue had orders for small grants, who have expended more linn twice their teal value in endeavouring lo ascertain the desliarle spot foi fixing upon, md who, after all their puns and e\penditure, have utterly failed in obtaining their object, dud have beenglad lo sell ihur orden for half their vain»'. These disappointments, and they were by no means unfrequcut, naturally enutigli led people to enquire into their cause. Every one hazarded In» opinion, agreeably to his own conceit. A-> we hive already sud, tome blamed the Surve\or Ge- neral, oi In-, deputies-»orne the Colonial Secie tary-whilst oilieis made no sei tiple in impugning the Govei nor himself. All agreed in one thing, namely, that lhere was tnckery exeicised some- where, while, in point of fact, they totally misun- derstood the cau«e of the evil of which ihey com- plained. Men meeting with disappointments, particularly when the} (eel as if they were assured that no fault attached to themselves, are by no means over scrupulous in making uncharitable surmises; and we leadily coufes«, that, willi all our liberality of feeling, we have not been entirely exempted fiom them ourselves. It falls within our knowledge, that Mr. Oxley's. department, ni pailicuiar, has been one in which he has been subjected to much inconvenience for manv years. In fact, a system of annoyance had been kept up against that indefatigable gentleman for a long time, nrising, no doubt, from a total ignorance wherein the defect lay. That there was a defect is plain, dom the 'Government Order, No. 35, but that Mr. Oxley was to obviate it, no man, gifled with common understanding, could have expected. The many and ardumis duties which he had lo perform, prevented him from delecting ihe evil, or suggesting a remedy. Ii was no easy matter to perform ; for, although complaints and expostu- lations innumerable had been poured into the Colonial Office, nothing like a remedy could be laid hold of. When we say this, we do not mean to urge a word in disparagement either of the abi- lities of former Governors, or of their wish to benefit the Public ; by no means--since some of them will live in our remembrance while we brent he, as the kindest and the best of Governors. But, as the discoveries of Newton did no1 dim the lustre of the sages that preceded him, so will not the merits of General Daklinc, as a legislator, however, great they may be, throw the abilities of the former favourite Governors of Australia into the shade. In the ordinary course of events, perhaps, it remained for him t<> remedy an evil of ihe greatest magnitude lo the Colonists, and he has done sr. The boundaries of land for location are distinctly lived, and thal which is lo be held for a Government reserve, is precisely specified, and lo be marked out hy the Surveyor General " without loss of lime, so thal settlers may not be impeded in »electingiheir land." This is of the utmost importance, both to old and new settlers, as it has hitherto been from their ignorance where crown lauds were situated that their greatest difficulties have arisen. These, bow ever, are to be distinctly defined ; and, when this great object is accomplished, settlers will no longer experience the difficulties lo which they have been formerly subjected. There is another thing, of no small importance lo ihe interests of the Colony, which we should not overlook; thal is, ¡he pre- caution which has been taken to prevent land from being alienated. Many have come to the Colony with ihe exclusive view of selling liie lands which have been granted to them by the Governor, under the expectation that they would be cultivated and impioved, and the Colony be benefited thereby. Though the intention was good, it has been fre- quently abused. Many individuals bave arrived here; possessed of considerable capitals, who have made successful applications for land which they never intended to cultivate. Their aim was to increase their capitals by the immédiate sale of their locations; and when this was eftV-cied, to leave our shore?. This praciice, which was, io say the least of it, a dishonest one, had a most baneful effect upon the community at large, because it was the same as receiving a compliment from an individual, who cou Hauen ana agreed that he should do certain good offices in return, but who never intended to carry ihem into effect, and accordingly did no1 do so. In making the conti act willi the Goveuimeut, he contracied with ihe community;-in fact, if the Public were io oblige him with a portion of their common property, he agreed, in lelurn, to make his labour available, and to circulate his money among-l them besides. The non compli- ance wi h this contract had ihe effect of pltiudei nig and impoverishing the Public; because, in ihe evenl of not fulfilling his engagement, he accepted, in place of the land, an equivalent in specie, with which he walked off without doini; a good office in return, leaving the community ol Australia losers to Hie exact amount of what he had received. This was au evil which constantly occui red, and many plans were devised lo pievent it, bul it was one which Sir Thomas Brisbane could not put down, although his Administration exerted all us ingenuity io do so, because it was soon seen that it affected ihe vital interests of Aus- tralia; yet,perhaps, undernoGovernment wasland sold to a greater extent than during the late one. The plan, huvvevei, which is now adopted to pre- vent individu tis from alienating their giants, will be perfectly conclusive, and prevent ttie recurrence of a mass of evil which has been highly detrimen- tal to the interests of the Colony. The obligation which the holder of land will lie under of e\ pending, in 7 years, one fourth of the value, ai winch it may he laid by the Commissioners ap pi/inted for thal purpose, .will have the desired elFect ; and more especially when it is taken into consideration that five per cent, will be exacted for twenty years afterwards. These considera- tions, we should think, will have the effect of pre- venting fortune-hunters, in future, from carrying oil" the produce of our labour, and will secure to us, in a good old age, or to our families al least, the profits arising from twenty years in- dustry and experience. With regard lo the limi- tation of grants we are decidedly ol' opinion ihal no measure could be better adapted lo benefit the Colony. Monopoly of land, like monopoly ol every thing else, as it is a fatal evil, will be pre- vented. Six hundred and f'ony acres will be granted for every ¿'500 of capital, and not more than 25G0 acres will be given away to any indivi- dual, whilsl " no person will be permitted, by any contract, or succession of contracts, to become the purchaser of more than í)C00 acres, including the land he may have previously purchased, unless duly authorised by a special order from the Prin- cipal Secretary of Slate for the Colonies." These arrangements will induce -a capital into the Co- lony ; and; whilst it will effectually puta stop to the speculations of designing knaves, will, in the most unlimited sense of the phrase, tend even- tually lo ADVANCU Australia. But we will resume ibis subject al another opportunity, as it seems to us of vital importance. The quotation, in the Monitor, from Cobbett's Work on the History of the Protestant Reforma tion, we consider to be quite uncalled for, and we look upon it as one of those firebrands which he seems ever to be ready to throw among the com- bustible materials of our society. Had any ran- corous feelings existed between our Catholic and Protestant brethren in this remote portion of the globe, perhaps there might have heeu some excuse for publishing extracts from Mr. Cobbett's work, but here, where the utmost harmony prevails - where Catholics and Protestants mingle in society without any jealous or rival feelings, any thing which would have a tendency to disturb that repose would be wrong in the highest degree to publish. This, however, we think the Monitor has done, and it will be well for him if he can avert the charge which we now make. To rake up the excesses which were committed at the Reformation, and to hold them in the face of the different persuasions in New South Wales, seems to us to betray nothing short of a mischief-loving disposition. When men are willing to forget past grievances, and tacitly agree to relinquish all animosity on account of for- mer squabbles, he can be no friend to either party to bring them to their remembrance. It is not usual to heal wounds by tearing them up and making them bleed afresh. Our Catholic brethren here have, hitherto uniformly conducted themselves in a peaceable and loyal manner, and have proved to the world, that, although they entertain opinions different from the established Church, these opinions have neither made them haughty nor overhearing in so- ciety ; and, whilst we are proud to hear this honour- able testimony to their good conduct, we trust that they have found a corresponding decency in the Protestant part of our Community. The Romanists, in common with ourselves, are answerable to God alone for their creed, and who is he that would dare to interfere between the Creator and his creature. Pope,who is acknowledged to be one of the best of poets, and who was himself a Romanist, has said, " For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right." This should be the feeling of every man who wishes well to society, and he who would dare to disturb its tranquillity is a pest that should be driven out of it. The Monitor, of yesterday, follows up his Cobbettical extracts, which require only common understanding to refute them in every line—but this we wIll not at present take upon ourselves to perform, though we will not pledge ourselves to the contrary, if those evils become generated which we think, in all probability, will be the result of such Editorial propensily. The Monitor, in politics, in social order, and even in religiou, is becoming a stout opponent to "the peace, safety, and good Govern ment of the Colony." The effects of his want of common judgment, and forethought, will soon be obvious We are not romancing, we are serious, and though we are happy to think the Monitor has some religion, still we think he will never make a a good Romanist, though William Cobbett has evi- dently converted him to his faith - if that even could he defined. 'Tis rare that we find a Calvinist turning round to the See of Rome, and this is one of the first instances of the kind in these distant regions, and therefore will be entitled to respect in the next Colonial Chronology. The Monitor is aware of the dilemma in which we are placed, in attempting to expose his conduct - but we recom mend to his careful perusal Mosheim, that cele brated Ecclesiastical historian, and he will therein be informed, even from that work alone, that Cobbett has no vital religion himself, or he never could have dared to propagate falsehoods, that are clear to the weakest mind. We must tell the Monitor, in plain English, that we consider the man equally as destitute of vital godliness as Cobbett himself, who could venture, in such a Country as this, to pro nounce that "the Scripture itself has been per verted in order to blacken the Catholics." Let the Monitor tell us wherein such perverted passages appear. He should either do this, or else acknow ledge he has printed a second edition of lies of the grossest complexion. Cobbett should have never touched upon religion—a theme he does, not under stand ; and it puts us in mind of Southey also, who might comprehend the duties of his post of poet-laureate, but who lost himself, when he em- barked in the vast ocean of religious disquisition. No man, however great his talents, and extraordi nary his powers, should attempt to discuss such topics, unless they possess some experimental know- ledge of the NEW BIRTH UNTO RIGHTEOUSNESS. Of this Cobbett is evidently deficient, and we are also sceptical in regard to those who are so enamoured of his treatises, which we would take upon out- selves to expose in every line, did we think the na- ture of the subject called for so solemn a task. Ihe Monitor, however, is pursuing a system of error, of which we are afraid he will be conscious when too late. Only look at his leading articles, which we cannot attend to just now, and there is portrayed inconsistency and ignorance in every clause. His paper was heavy enough, without giving a massy page, about Mr. E. S. Hall, on Colonial distillation, in which he takes good care to insult every one that falls in his way. We think the man is down- right mad, and would still exclaim, with lamented Macquarie, "in an audible and rather signifi- cant tone - Waiter, hand the bottle to Mr Hall." If the Monitor is not very careful, we shall soon bottle him off. Yesterday His Excellency the Governor in Chief, accompanied by His Staff, visited the Government Establishment at Emu, and le tin neil the s une day to Paiiamatla. Mi. C witch, the Chan tuan of the Qu ii (ei Ses- sions, has letuined fiom his late j tiri i ci ii tom to HunleiN Rivei, and Poit Stephen. As we conjee tuied, the alleged i haiges ag mist Mi.Dawson, J P. ana Agent ol the Australian Agriculttii ii Company, ittei the most patient enquny, tumed out to be, a» we again pred ctnl, lies from Just to last. How aie you, deaily-bcloved Doctor ? Goveinment-house, we undeistand, is almost leady foi the leceptton of His E\cci,llncy and 1 VMiiy. "We aie piepaied to liail then return to the Cipit ii. Mvjoh Gouiburn.-We have seen this Gen tlem in design ned by some Ed toi or othei, the uipenettublt Mijoi Gouiburn, fiom whit has p issed uuclei out notice, and what is daily flitting befóte Uo, we think it would have been mote ni eli i i ictei, and only his due, to style that lUustnous cliaractei--the incorruptible Major Goul- burn. We cannot avoid admiting the novel method adopted by the ¡earned, gentlcmunli/, ami scholar like Australian, in ntt irking the present Govei li- ment. How opposite is the system now in prat tue lo that wini li was followed up in the latter < ntl of 1S24, and dilling the grcatei pait of 1225, lu- det d up to the pel tod of the celebrated Cuunty ineding ' He was under equal obligitious lo Su Thomas Brisbani as he is to the piesent Admi- nistration, and infinitely more so, as we w II demon- strate befo-e we close our piesent leinaiks. The existing Government only gave lum the appearance of encouragement-the formel afloided him sub- stantial nuiks of pall on,ige. The old Gin enl- im nt, up to within about three sholl months of its close, was vilified up hill and down dale —all its measuips were wiong, unjust, and moreovt i illegal - there was tht snuggling tiansactions- tin te w is ihe Alinorah-aff in - llure was theduty-casis-and ti ii thousandothet chime moist Is, w Im li furnished theiapacioti'5 m iw of the Australian with food foi many a long month, but winch we took gond ( ne to make lum digest with (munitions most bombie, foi it was supposed the pooi man would have given up the ghost eie he completed his first bnth-dty, only that we exercised a little of otu accustomed com- passion, hy which nu ans Ins careel has been length- ened thus far; but we begin to asen tain the Australian is one of those animale, unless pulled up in tune by the reins, that will he in dingi i of coming lo an untimely death, and theiefoic think ii as well to extend the light hand of fellowship, and mercifully keep him in ballast-trim, else his frail and crazy bark, like unto one of our old Hawkes- bury craft, will assuredly navigate itself to the bottom. The Australian, it will be seen, has been quite modest nul unaspir nig of late. He has not behaved so unwisely as to atttck the present Government openly, and in pi opt ia persona-at least that we know of-the leison foi which is, that he is well sa- tisfied, being a ¡earned m in, a gentleman and withal a scholar, that the s ime kum of oveit castigation, in lefeience to the piesent Government, windi vvis m mi tested low nds the list would not be found lo tuinto pi oil t 'Ihe piesent Acluiiiii&Ui; tion, al least sonn ol its Members, requirp no neu- trality from the Australian, neilin i are the Public Functional les al timed at its pusillanimous ntticks. We ha\e no hesitation in publicly declaring, that we know not one of the Constituted Authorities that fcais the ¡earned lash of the Australian, if such theie vvpie, they would not deserve lo foi m a pait of the Colonial Government. Was it always so > The time was, when the Australian was courted - shall we say inducttly suppoited- by some of oin gi eat men. Tins lenink does not apply genet ally - but it was t'ie fact, foi a few cued no1 what sicnfices might be made, s> that the lash was sp ind. But was it spaicd ' As he ivy is the wi teis in the Australian could lay it on, just in pioporlion was tneir unielenling visit ilion, which must have destroyed eveiy energy in the I ile Go- vernment, had it not been th ti itc gave the Doetoi a" Rowland for every Oliver." What was it but base, we call it base and umnnily fen, that hist sain ficed otu light to the exclusive publication of the Oidersof the Giveriiment ? We do not say that it oiiginited with Sir Thomas Brisbane, mil we aieceitain tint Mijoi Gouiburn w is opposed io the unjust meisuie fiom hist to last, but it ori- ginated in a pnnciple ol slavish feai th it pervaded the hi east of one or two who weie apprehensive of the consequences of the Australiana's publication, unless they could buj ovpi the conductor of the m w Jiurual at the expense of t'ieo'done -one, loo, that was established for the purposes of Government by a pnvute individu ii-winch individual had nobly brav ed st ti vattun for several years, before the pi ojei t was found to answei. Fiom that lamented man it 1 descended to him that now enjoys it, in order that he might strive and continue to " advance Austra- lia." The interests of the old Journal, therefore, upon the principle of terror, were willingly aban- doned in favour of a Paper that afterwards liberally castigated the Government. Sir Thomas Bris- bane was astonished when we protested against, what ice thought, a hasty measure. He seemed petrified at our remonstrances, and indeed »as evi- dently sorry that he had been so duped. The Go- vernor was of opin on, al least those immediately about him, that the Sydney Gazette could not possibly support his Government, and therefore, under such circumstances, conciliation was liiemosl desirable step to pursue. Bat we st II protested, and will to the day of our political demise, against that which we deem an usurpation of our rights - rights, too, that had been honourably and not hasely acquired. Some, however, may turn upon us, and exclaim, " You were compensated for any supposed loss you might possibly sustain by the liberality of the late Government." S.idi a conclusion, however, would be as unjust as it would be untrue. We admit that we were paid a certain sum for the printing done in various public departments, but the sum was so liberal as to leave us minus all the stationery the first year. For advertising the notices emanating from the va- rious public offices, independent of our actual loss in stationery, we were never paid one farthing- - so that ruin, on every hand, so far as the policy ol' the late Government went, stared us in the face. Indeed, prediction followed prediction that we must soon be ruined-what willi the apathy of the Go- vernment towards us, and the establishment of the Australian, our political career, and actual sup- port, were pronounced certain of meeting present deslruct on. But how great was the 'deception ? The Government was altogether deceived -Sir Thomas Brisbane: was deceived by the Austra- lian, for his measures were almost immediately attacked-His Excellency was also deceived by the Sydney Gazette, since he found it was more than a match for all the powers with which, the Australian was armed ; and so great was his sur- prise, that Sir Thomas Brisbane could not avoid declaring that the Gazette was l.ke uuto a Phoenix that had risen from the dust of ages. The Public were also deceived by the Sydney Gazette, and many were obliged to yield their unqualified meed of applause, whilst they pretended to, or did in reality, detest the Editor, because he firmly stood his ground, and vanquished the hosts which became presented in battle array. The late Governor, so exasperated did he justly grow with the Austra- lian, directed Major Ovens, the Private Se- cretary, to forward copies in duplicate to Earl Bathurst, that His Lordship might see the powers with which he had to contend; and His Excellency went so far as to acknowledge his error in having acted so prematurely in sharing thal patronage which he at length saw was ihe exclusive right of the Sydney Gazette, so long as that Paper was the Oijran of the Government ; but, strange to say, Sir Thomas Brisbane, though he acknowledged the injustice thus attempted to be practised on our interests, scrupulously kept his promise on this occas on ; and, while his Govern- ment was groaning under the lash of an infuriate press, and we were risking personal liberty and private fortune to support him, and his measures, still we were allowed to cope willi the adversaries of the Administration, under disadvantages which we should blush to enumerate. All at once, however, to the surprise of the whole Colony, the Australian caine round, and espoused the Administration of Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, and as powerfully supported us, as he had before stoutly opposed the Constituted Authorities---of which the records of the Supreme Court, as well as the pages of the Australian, can amply testify. For this chef d'œuvre of in- genuity we have been unable to account, and into the arcana we could not venture, until after the de- parture of Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, when, lo and behold! an explanation took place. The Austra- lian, it appeared, was paid for those very public notices, and other advertisements, for which we were not allowed even so much as to make a charge, and to the talismanic influence of the Colonial Treasury we found, that the late Administration was principally, if not wholly indebted for that sudden transformation in the Editorial department of the once stoutly-opposing Australian. The same plan, as it was an admirable and profitable one, was at- tempted to be followed up under the present Go- vernment, but the Australian found that the times were altered, and that his favour was not to be ob- tained any more than ours at the expence of the public purse. Our motive for mentioning this fact is, to shew the Public, and the British Government al home, too, that we have not benefitted by our in- variable and systematic support of "the Powers that be." Sir THOMAS BRISBANE was the KING'S Representative, and his Officers were his delegates— in supporting them, and their measures, we knew we were giving efficiency to the views of the Go- vernment, and thus assisting in the establishment of those measures which we always will suppose, until the contrary be proved, are so many emana- tions of Royalty. Had we known it was the order of Sir THOMAS BRISBANE that the Australian was to be remunerated for these things for which we received no possible consideration, His EXCEL- LENCY would not have left the Country without ascertaining, from us, that such was not the kind of treatment we had a right to experience; and we hope, this may meet his eye, because it was altogether un- necessary thus to silence, neutralize, or win over any of our contemporaries, since we considered ourselves able for any that might have ventured into the field of competition. The Australian, therefore, we have proved, is not under so strong an obligation to the present, as he was to the past Go- vernment. Still, like an ingenious mountebank who knows his customers, he feels it would be impru- dent, as he is condescendingly permitted to have a copy of the Orders and Notices, and occasionally is honoured with the Acts of Council even before ourselves, openly to attack the present Administra- tion. He dare not do it; but let him not suppose that we dare him to the trial, because it is equally indifferent to us, whether the Government is at- tacked or not. If attacks are made, explanations can be entered into with promptitude; and repelled with confusion to the aggressors. If no attacks occur, then the wisdom and policy of the Government are, what they ought to be, universally acknowledged. The Australian, however, now tells his friends, out of print, that he will come down upon the Govern- ment very shortly, and, in print, he shews the way in which he comes down, by the manufacture and insertion of Correspondencies, which only have for their object a tendency to bring Public Authorities into disrepute---to expose certain alleged abuses--- audio suggest improvements that are not needed, or that have long been contemplated, and which are now on the eve of being acted upon. This is the method in present adoption by the Australian. By this means he hopes to escape those flagillations un- der which we have so often made him to wince and writhe; he affects to reply to himself, by either pre- tending to attempt to confute his alleged cor- respondents, or else gives them justice for the truth of their allegations; and thus it is that he essays to gull the few customers of his rapidly expiring ghost of a Journal, by pointing out his indepen- dence in these said articles---he also strives to as- sure the Government of his gratitude for support to his Paper, without which it could not keep itself alive---and congratulates himself on his adroitness in escaping the terrors of our lash. But, oh! how the poor man is deceived. We have been quiet some time in watching the course he would take, and as we now begin to see what he would be at, we shall in future keep a sharp eye upon him, and, if he escape us, he may be assured there is only one other of our fraternity (he knows what we mean) that he will not be able to escape. We are heedless of his com- parative statements---his comparative sales---and his other monstrous lies---they are, like his Pa- per, all equally esteemed, and alike appreciated. Let him learn to be true to his political creed, and let him see whether he will find it in his heart possibly to adhere to men and measures, as we have done, at a loss of some hundreds of pounds in the year; and let us see whether he will remain faithful to those parties even when their power is no more. Though we consider ourselves any thing but well used, or even decently treated, by some of the late Adminis- trative Authorities, still we do not lament the line of policy then pursued, and to which we still adhere; and were the same events again to occur, we should be found at the same post, though placed under the same disadvantageous circumstances. Our dispo- sition was not cast in an aberrating mould---we shall, under every circumstance that may befal us in life, whether our path be gilded with continued pros- perity, or shrouded by unforeseen adversity, adhere to the King and Constitution under which we have been fostered; and, when we can no longer exert ourselves in promoting the interests of the Colonial Government, we will not allow any thing equivocal to disgrace our political career, since, in such a case, we have long been determined as to the part we would adopt. Whilst, therefore, we have succeeded in exposing the hollowness of the Australian's liberal policy, and his present editorial finesse, we have also thought it as well to intersperse our present comments with a few facts, which, as they are not generally known, must enhance the interest which this article, though lengthy, is calculated to diffuse. Tue present Government is above the ar- tifice of any of our contemporaries—let them at- tack it in any shape, and we shall be found at our post; and it ought to be known, that, whilst we say so much, we also are equally as independent of the Government as any of our contemporaries, and that what we do, therefore, in our humble way, is that kind of spontaneity which flows from an unshaken and unaffected regard for "the Powers that be." We see that Mr. WENTWORTH, the Barrister, is putting up his valuable stud tor sale. Surely the lethargic conduct of the people is not driving him once more from his native soil, particulary as affairs begin to assume a more propitious aspect. Of the Colonial vessel, Newcastle, belonging to Mr. Thomas Street, which left Newcastle so long ago as a month on Tuesday last, no tidings have since been received. Every hope of her safety is now abandoned, for there were only 12 days' pro- visions, and a tremendous cargo of coals on board, which lead to the conviction that she foundered in the heavy gale that occurred immediately subse- quent to her departure from Hunter's River. Nine persons were on board, and amongst the rest, we hear, a Mr. Thew, a settler of Hunter's River. No tidings have yet been received of the safety of Mr. Dalton's little barque, in which were two of his sons. 