E NG TISH MISC ,4LL4NIES. ' t a-IW aI IlovBr.-.-A forthcqping work by:the Author SolfdPTales by the. Otlira f ufi '"bidfair w uperstan, greatly to increase ,the .faume of; the..writer.., - It is entitled ,-~'.The Boyne Water," and" will make its appearance,early in ' M ! T" e Author spent the gre~ater part of last summer in rýi?cildcollecting nmaterials.--Dublin Morning Reggister. Miss' FOOTE, we see, plays the character of Imogen for her benefit? an Wednesday 'night'. "It is one of Shakspeare's most exquisite delineations. R caniubaized at Rome, whose live 'he knew and did not approve, exclaiined rather drily, " These new saints make me . .very doubtful and scrupulous in respect to'what is said of the '6 ones."--From Boyles Dictionary (now iublhahiring in'parts.) IT is not a .little singular, that WEBBER'S opera of, `Der .:aeschutz was not.known in England until it had long beei Sfavourite in every principal town in Germany ; and perhaps it would never have reached the ears of an English audience had"iiot an article' in the Harmonicon, a work of the 'most dis 'tinguished talents, first pointed out its beauties, and strongly recommended the production to the notice of the musical world.-Scots nan. THE menagerie at Exeter 'Change is, we are glad to learn, to be removed into the Regent's Park, where about five acres of land are to be 'set apatrt for it, upon the same principle as 'the one in Paris. ' THE STARVING POOR.-The dwelling of the very poor man is always cheerless; but the abode of indigence, re diiced to starvation, is a' cave of despair. Thousands of -families are perishing for the lack of food rat the moment When this is written. From him who has a little,, a little is required-and from him who has much, much is required that the plague of famine be stayed. The case is beyoud the reach of legislation, but' clearly in the power of associated benevolence to mitigate. ' A cry of" hunger is gone forth--Is the ear deaf, that it cannot hear ?-are the hands that have been. often effectually stretched forth shortened, that thejr cannot save? Hones's Every-Day Book. WOODSTOCK.-.-' We cannot," (Says the Monthly Reviewt, .-.in ' our judgment, one of the ablest and most impartial publications of of its kind)-" aver that Woodstock is des tined to'"be' enumerated amongst the best of the author's works... His warmest admirers must, we, should think, allow that it is greatly inferior to Ivanhoe, 'The Antiquary, and' Rob Roy ;. but-: they may well insist' that it is gr.eatlt superior to +The 4bb6ot, T'he: Aoanastery, and those other minor creations, which Wy 'general consent have been already exiled to the re 'gi6ins of. undisturbed repose." 'STATE' PAPER. OFFIc.--By.the industry and research of Mr. Lemon, very interesting discoveries have recently been nimade in'this office. Amongst other valuable papers, a? entire tr ia'nlation of Boethiue, by Queen Elizabeth; the prose and liand-writing of her Majesty's secretary;- and. the whole of the poetry" in the Qadeen's own autograph. Parts of. a poeti .cal traunlatiou of Horace, written by the Queen, have like wise been found. What is far more important, as it 'relates to the history of that period, nearly all the documents con-, ncted with.: the evenits that occurred during the reign of ;Henry VllI. especially. the King's various divorces have like S"wise been brought to light; particularly the whole case of ' Catherine Howard. "Tie style of these papers, however, is bihre indecent and obscene than the Mfemnoird of Harriet ff'ilsaii, and 'they t anbot, therefore, be published. It is in. :,:.tended to - submit these literary and historical relics to his ,Ma, estv.--Tinmes. r STE;A: MTM. . In the event, of a War, naval tactics seem' to threaten considerable novelty-steam-vessels seem to assume -a large share of imnportance. May the' progressive improve w'*iiieiits of, the'engines of war. continue botu to diminish the "'frequency and to abate the calamity of its arrival !. T'he in vention of gunpowder has lessened to an incalculable exteldt the shedding of blood, and softened also the temper of the .... combatants; and may the resources and consequent terrors of the steam-vessel, if real, contrib'ute both to arrest the e ,,appeal so arms and to shortest the combat! All these advances in the enginery of' war tenid to the preservation and to the re,.,rstoration of peace,. and are the .triumps of intellect over physical force, of mind over matter.I :.. C TACHEas OFF. SEL?-DENIAL.-England, the country :wheire sound thinking has been supposed to prevail more ex tensively than in any other, has'. still 26- Peers, snne of ivhoimi rec'eive an annual income of 36,0001. for professing .Self.:enial, and. teaching Humility in a coach and six i--Ori ethEtal Herald. t LAWv EXIPENSEs.-A little pamphlet just published on the . Insolvent and Bankrupt Laws, contains, What seems to us, • some extremely judicious observationis on the laws of debtor and creditor, &c.; The author, it is true, does not spare' the r lawyers; which is really a melancholy thing, considering what Sa peac,-indking, disinterested, and enlightened body they are. '"le ayis, "'it is computed that 130,000 writs were issued in 18.26 against debtors in England, of whom 75,000 were ab- I solutely .menarcerpted. On the, smallest calculation, the ex- E .peases .they were intercedently and subsequently run to, by *l?w. process, must have amounted to 1001. individually, and averaging the whoql, makes the sum total 8,325,0001taken from the pockets of their creditors, and shared among th I legalists. Added to those losses, caine the bankrupt list of 2,00: allowing eacnj estate n as injured to the trilling charge of 3001. hefore and' after the striking of the docket, en creased the legalists' bills to 9,320,2001." S I'hi late debate on the Corn Laws will have at least dne good result-that of exhibiting in the clearest light the' fact, .that the great Landowners are our ieal masters.' It is easy to see, that Ministers, if.they fol lowed thlieir Own inclination, would abolish altogether 1 the restrictions on the importation of food, 'and rejoice in tlie unbounded popularitythey would thereby acquire. ' All that Mir. CANNINmO, Mr. HIusiclssoN, and Lord Liver- ( pool, have said on the subject, amounts to a confession, that they are anxious to do this, and are prevented only by the influence of the Aristocracy. Lord LIVERPOOL'S' remark the other day, that an importation price of 60s. now, was equal to the 80s. of 1815, and consequently ' that Gos. would now be as much as the Corn Bill itself I contemplated, was quite enough to indicate his Lord- a ship's real opinion. The pretences too, upon which the discussion of the question has been postponed from session to session, are just of- that description which implies a secret reason that the parties are ashamed of. '" The disturbance of the currency"-" the agitation of men's minds"--are excuses, too ridiculous to warrant grave exposure': since the evil of disturbance in the currency is aggravated by the ruinous fluctations of price belonging to the present Corn Law system; and the agi tation of the public mind is.increased-(even to despara tion, as we see in Lancashire)-by the refusal of 'Parliament to abolish a, monopoly which sacrifices the comforts of the many,, and the national resources, to the supposed selfish interest of the Few. To wade through the mass of absurdities produced by this grand muster of Squires frightened for their rents, would be a dreary task; but there is one so extraordi nary and self-betraying, that we may. spend a few words upon' it. It, has been a favourite argument in the House, that the " agricultural interest being the only one doing well just now, it would be great impolicy to adopt measures which would endanger its prosperity." What a notion is here exhibited of a national condition which it is best to leave as it is-only one " interest" doing well ! And what is this well-doing ? The peasantry are reduced to the lowest state in which human beings can exist; and the farmers just contrive to keep strug gling on: the "prosperity" there is confined to the Landlords : and measures which would relieve the star ving Manufacturers.and revive the drooping commerce of the country, are not to be adopted, for fear of endan gering 'the prosperity of the Squires ! A pretty mode of reasoning for themselves. 6tlbMaAY KING's THEATRE. WHAT has- become of Madame CATALA^NI that we now never hear of her? Has sh? flown oni one of her own flut tering airs, or on the sun-beam of a smile, to some other sphere ? We know not ;'but we miss ati the Opera the di vine expression of her face, the breathless joy and exulta tion of her tones, her winning grace, her matchless power. It is true we have Signor V ELUTI, but stall we miss her. \f'hatathng"is'fashion, that if" Circe and the Sirens three"' could poiur en'chantment in its ears, would grow tired of it in a monti, and doat upon Grimaikin serenading in a gutter! WrrIToT the aid of the caprice of fashion, an Opera reputation is sufticiently subject to chance and change. Filty years ago, in the time of Garrick, there was a Signora CECILIA DAVIS who made a vast sensation. All Erngland rung with' her naie, Madame. CATALANI was in this re spect nothing to her. 1tLong after this, she had retired to Florence, and was the Prima Donna there, when STonRACE first came out. She is living still.,? Who within the last thirty years ever, heard 'of her; or probably ever would, had she not been compelled to come forward the other day (we trust not in vain) to solicit a subscription ? How ' in all that period must she have seen "the meteors of fashion rise and fall" with mingled surprise and pensive regret in looking back to her early fame and powers of fascination--pensive we should hope, but not sad, for in all that relates to the' intoxicating. draughts of popular applause it may be truly said--" Sweet is the balm of their recollection, and pleasant the dew of their memory !" Madame PASTA is the reigning favourite, nor unde servedly so. She has succeeded Madame CATALAN1, not supplanied her. She has not her scope, her variety, her sweetnes"s,' her dazzling transitions-her powers of face, voice, and eye : but she ~has, what in a great measure compensates for these--sound taste and judgment, 'and a thorough and predomintint feeling of her part. Her acting in the last scene of Othello, her manner of ' rising on the sense of ier innocence, as it were almost like her own spectre from tihe grave to reproach him with her wrongs, and of' straining. back her arms alter she has gone close up to. hiim 'to confront herself more entirely' with him,lis a magnificent spec tacle, nearly unrivalledon any stage. We prefer her Desdenmona to her Romeo; for the latter wants, we think, something of the buoyant grace of the youthful hero, and of "the light-winged toys of feathered Cupid." We have not yet seen her in Nina, but are anxious to do so from an account we have just read of it. " In her Ninan," says an English critic, "there is a listless vacancy, an awkward trace, a want of bielpse ance, that is li.e a child or a changeling, and that no French actress would venture upon for a moment, lest she should be suspected of a want of esprit or of bonrie mine." A French actress always plays before the court; she is always in the presence of an audience, with whom she first settles her personal'pretensions by a significant hint or side-glance, and thon as much naturi and simpli city as you please. Poor Madame PASTA thinks no more of.the audience than Nina herself would, if she could be observed by stealth, or thmn the fimwn wounded when it comes to drink, or the flower that droops in the sun, or wvaves its sweet head in tlhe gale. TIMES, MAY 2.1. PnIrTY oF E[?LerION-' -'I'uIS anniversary dinner com memorating the triuimph of \W'estminster' and the purity of election, was held yesterday at the Crow,'n and Anchor Tavern. The large room was entirely filled. Sir Fran cis ]urdett took the Chair at half-past five o'clock, and we were sorry.to observe that he was suhferinm under an attahck of gout, which comnpletely lamed him. AMoNG the gentlemen present, we observed, besides thle members bor Westminster, Lord lEbrington, Lord Nugent, Mr. Coke of Holkhamn, Mr. M Fitzgerald, Mr. Hume, Mr. Denmali, Mr. HIlarmner, Mr. S. Whithread, and Mr Sturch. Anr;Rn the cloth' was removed, the CtiirnMAN proposed I as a toast, " The peopled, the only source of legitimate power, "which was drunk with three times three. TUNE " Britons strike home." STn next toast was, " The King, and may he ever re collect his own declaration-that the Crown is held in trust for the benefit of the people.". TUNE, "Rule Britania" THE CHAIRMAN then gave the following toasts in suc cession :-" A full, fair, and free representation of the people in the Commons House of Parliament ; the only remedy for all our national grievances ; " and "The Par liamentary Electors of the United Kingdom, and may they recollect that the people of England look with anx iety for the honest exercise of their suffrages, by which alone a new Parliament can be created worthy of public esteem and confidence. " These toasts were also drunk with three times three. Mr. STURCH then rose and in a short: appropriate speech, proposed the health of Sir Francis ]3urdett in the following terms,---" The great advocate for the rights and liberties of the people, whose able and disinterested and consistent public conduct has been as useful to his country as honourable to himself-our distinguished re presentative Sir Francis Burdett." Tims toast was drunk with loud and repeated. cheers. SIR F. Burdett then rose and said, in allusion to his lameness, that although he was compelled to address the company, standing on but one leg,, he was at least in somewhat better plight than the constitution of England, which was crippled in a muchmnore material respect. T'PnE House of Camnions was said, in common un meaning jargon, to be the guardian.of the people, and a remlarkable instance of the paternal care with which it protected the people's interests was exemplified in the late proceedings respecting the Lord Chancellor. The upshot appeared to prove that the noble lord was more than a Daniel in judgment ; for,, as the former Daniel, did pass judgment, although at .his own peril,, this .Daniel withheld his judgment, and .did so at the peril of the suit ors in his court. But it was said by way of excuse for him, that he was a great judge, and that the cause of de lay was in the conscientious doubts which prevented his lordship from deciding causes. It might be so ; but bet-' ter would it be for the suitors that they should have Tur kish justice, which decided as it pleased and without rule or principle, than that they should be led on through interminable delays, and hopes that never were to be rea lized, by a juge who was so anxious to decide rightly, that he never decided at all. (Clheers.) So long as the people would bear these abuses without complaining, so long they certainly remain. without remedy ; and even when the cry became "too ,loud to be disregarded, the mode which was adopted for relieving: them was alto gether 'iteffectual. An inquiry was instituted, and it was found that there was much.to blame, but that no body was delinquent.' . Something in the nminor depart merits might be altered, but the great officers .were not only blameless and accurate,.but surpassing all the opin ions that had been hitherto. entertained,of human :virtue. The patience, indeed,.: with which, the Lord Chancellor endured other men's evils, if that were a virtue, was without example. The scrupulous anxiety with which he withheld from thenm the justice which they. sought, and the calm resignation with which he saw the suitors of his court perish before him, by generatiops, betokened a degree of piety which the whole range of:Christian vir tues could not compare with.. (Laughter.). His lord ship might sit for the very portrait of Patience' ; and as we had now a sculptor who was as eminent lin his art as the Chancellor was in the profession which he was at the head of, it would be desirable that he should hand the. memory of the noble lord down to posterity, and se cure his own immortality, while he transmitted an exam ple to all future Chancellors. As a motto to such a sta tue, the well-known lines about " Patience on ti monu ment bmiling at grief," might be apt enough, but this, he thought would be better : SThere Patience sits, Her white arms folded on her modest breast, With meek submission lifts th' adoring eye E'en to the storm that wrecks her. • (Loud Laughter.) It would be necessary to alter the size of the iigure, and in every thing else, it would be applicable to the Patience personified by the Lord Chancellor, excelt that the storm to which he lifted his eyes was destined to wreck, not himself, but the suitors in his court. MIr. Secretary Peel had lately shown that the system o' law which was held to be extremely wise and atmirablvy administered, was a mere system of corruption--full of foul ulcers and unbearable evils. T'o his honour and credits he had done something towards restoring it to a more useful and wholesome condition; but to what an extent must it have reached before it became so bad that a Secretary of State for the HIome ])epartment could no longer bear to see it go on without some attempt at cure. lie camne now to Ireland, that unhappy country, which was the very antithesis of the land of Goshen where" peace was always to be found. " Ireland was an anti-Gpshen, in which peace was never to be found-where there was gnashing of teeth and deep indignation, whlich although it was incapable of ma king. a powerful'and desperate resistance, was tilled with dlesperate and bitter feelings. It was a disgrace and a shame to this country, that, so long as ,we had been masters of Ireland, it at this day exhibited a picture no way inferior for a atrocity and injustice to those which its history recorded of former periods. It was impossibl c but for the corruption which they had so long comnbated that Ireland could have remained,in her present degraded. state, and a burden instead of an addition to the prosper ity of this country. (Checrs.) In" Scotland, although the same evils did not prevail, (for in what country were such evils to be found as in Ireland ?)-it w as impossible that there could be content under the degra dation and exclusion from political consideration which she endured. If there were any need to give an instance in proof of this, the petition,' so well drawn up, and' which had been -so ably supported by his honourable friend, the member for Calne (Mr. Abercomby), from Edinburgh, would supply it. If the Government had not been resolved that there should be no refjrm," it would have been impossible to refuse the prayer of.that petition; but corruption, like guilt, was ever awake and looked with jealousy and suspicion at whatever ap proached it too nearly. All that had been done, not only fell short of remedying the evils complained of, but convinced every man in the United Kingdom, that it was only like a tub thrown to a whale, intended to divert the attention of the people from the object .on which it ought to be-fixed. A reform alone could provide that sufficient remedy, and the abuses which were the cause of all the evils which the nation groaned under might be traced by those who looked narrowly at them, to faults in the system itself; as enlightened physicians found that the complaints, which their patients suffered, were not so much diseases themselVies, as the symptoms of disease in the more deeply settled and vital organs. But it was said by the children of corruption, that the system worked. well. His hon. colleague had handled this subject so well on a recent occasion, had so startled the ministers, that he fancied he saw something like a blush on their cheeks, somewhat of that disapplointed air which they assumed when by'accident they lost'a job, or somle question for the night; and he had even begun to flatter himself that they were not wholly iisen sible to shame. But the impression was transitory; and his hon. friend's- attack, able and succesful as it was, produced no other effect than to give them a slight alarm. But what was to be expected from a ministry like the present, which, if it were'not compelled to upihold the system of corruption which bound them together, was yet too discordant to produce any good ?-an administra-' tion which was divided and consisted of two- halves, which however, did not make a whole,-an administra tion, which he knew not what to call; which was 'half ribald and half pious, half Whig and half Tory, half liberal and half intolerant, but which did not, like a bowl of punch, produce something good from the intermix ture of many things which were incongruous. (Laughter arid cheers.) When the distress had lately begun, these Sministers had a grand panacea, which was immediately to cure it. This was gold, and all the mischief they' said had been done by. the paper currency. The obedient House of Commons agreed with little hesitation, and they resolved that there should be no more 11. notes. Three or four days had hardly elapsed before they came again to the house and gave permission to the Bank to issue 11. notes.. Then they resolved to carry their plan into execution as regarded Scotland; but no sooner was. this announced, than such a cry came up out of the north, as awakened ministers from their golden dream.' They gave up one part of their scheme, and he was persuaded that the other must soon. follow. What reliance could be placed upon ministers who would thus stultify themselves P and how much less, on a House of Commons who would say " ay," or "'no " according to whatever string the ministers might choose to pull. With respect to the corn question the conduct of minis ters had been the same. This was a subject, he'knew of great difficulty and Which required serious considera tion, and, above all, immediate settlement. The minis ters said distinctly, that they did not intend to alter these laws in this respect; and no sooner had they said so, than they came down and proposed a decided altera tion-and this too, without any discussion. They then pretended what they had done was no alteration, and thus left the matter, as it were, between hawk and buz eard-" no man knew were to have them." This sys tem was obviously as bad for the ministers as fbr the country, and it would be better for both that they should feel they had a House of Commons to which they could not dictate measures with all the humbug of cabinet consideration, when those measures had never been considered at all,.and extort of them "'ay," or" no," as their occasions might serem to require. An inflated speech and sentiments, which might be pleasant enough in a debating society, were out of place in such an. assembly as the lHouse of Commons ought to be. 'It would be much more manly and honest to let their lmeasures stand or fall by themselves; and even if it were true, as Mr..Pitt said, that "there could be no honest minister," still it would be better for any minis ter to adopt such a course, than to trifle with the best interests and the best feelings of the country. (Cheers.) The present ministry in, fact, kept their heads above water by means of the opposition almne, who, whenever any measures were piroposed which really seemed to be for the good of the copntry, advocated them as ear nestly asathey combated those of a different description. Upon mdre occasions than one the opposition had rushed like Cassius into the flood which the ministers had plun ged themselves into, and had brought to shore the sink ing part of the administration. which the other part would have been too glad to see overwhelmned. (Cheers.) The conduct ot ministers upon the corn question had been like that of the notorious witness on the late Queen's trial. who, besides his favourite reply of Non mi ricordo, whenever a question was asked to which his memory did not choose to extend, had another, Piu si, che no - "More yes than no." So the ministers, after having' declared that they would not alter the corn-laws, admit ted that the measure they had now adopted was rather more yes than no. IHe repeated that the questioni was one which the interests of the country required to be imm.diately settled, as ,well as that of the currency, which he believed was at the bottom and, root of all the evils. This clumsy mode of legislation 'showed the awkwardness of the ministry more than any thing else; and if all those things were combined and considered by any rational man, he should like to know where (except in the House of Commons) the system would be said to work well. He believed, however that in the end these evils would produce a general good, and that the Govern ment would be compelled to put an end to the system which had given them birth, by way of remedying them. The time must come, when this corruption must put on incorruption-the honest part of the people must and would have the influence to which they were entitled.' That great effect could only be produced by the united exertions of the community' ot England Scotland and Ireland. The hon. baronet sat down amidst loud aud continued checrings after haliving proposed " The trial by jury, and thanks to Mr. Secretary Peel for having improved that .invaluable institution and the criminal law, for which objects reformers so long unsuccessfully contended." Mr. JOHN C. HOBHOUSE said, that if at the close of what he might denominate his Parliamentary career, he received as kind a reception from his constituents as he received when he first presented himself to their con sideration, it' could not fail to be in his mind the source of sincere and heartfelt consideration. Though he was not now what he was seven years ago, still he thought that there was one point about him which had not chang ed-- and that was his attachment to the great cause of Parliamentary reform. (Hear, hear.) Nay, the older he grew, and the more he saw of the House of Comn mons, the more was he convinced of the propriety of the notions which they had so long adopted on the ques tion of reform of Parliament. (Hear, hear.), It. w'as almost too absurd to touch upon that which was now considered as an acknowledged fact, especially as it.was admitted upon all hands that the value of the present system could only be known by the manner in which it worked. At the period when they met last year, the nation was in a state of such uncomfortable prosperity, and'was so much embarrassed with its wealth, people knew so little what to do with their first guinea, to say nothing of their last, that one was inevitably reminded of the situation of the Roman Emperor, who was said to wallow in gold. At present nothing was heard of that species of embarassment ; on the contrary, people were reduced to the situation in which Foote had described Garrick to be placed—namely, that he never turned the corner of a street without fearing to meet the ghost of a departed guinea. (A laugh.) He was sorry to say, that since the time of their last meeting they had no .reason to congratulate themselves on the results which had befallen the friends of freedom in various parts of the continent of Europe. Still he felt that there was no reason to despair. (Hear.) He had. a right to think ill of all the efforts made in favour of freedom when he recollected that in his own time all those efforts had in variably been unsuccessful. How they had all been dis appointed by the revolution in France ? (Hear.) Could they look at he present state of that great but unhappy nation without admitting it ? How, after all the events which had desolated that country—how, after all the great and good- men which belonged to it had been de stroyed, or put down either by military domination or by foreign invasion—how had all the efforts of the friends of freedom been blasted in that region ?' (Hear, hear.) Let them turn their eyes from France to Italy, and then let them consider under whose dominions it wept, in what chains its children pined, in what dungeons its freemen groaned ! It was only from the banks of the Elbe, or the fortresses of the Rhine, or the mountains of the Danube, that we learnt the fate of those persecuted Italians, whose only crime was their aspiration after freedom! (Cheering.) Turning their glance from Italy, that country to which the fatal gift of beauty had been productive of such lamentable consequences in all ages, let them look to that country, which, having combatted with us to overturn tyranny, was entitled to the benefits arising from its overthrow—he meant Spain. Her re volution--no, not her revolution, but her attempt to secure herself from foreign invasion, had entirely failed. 'She now wept in tears of bitter anguish for her disgrace and degradation. She was sunk in the basest of all despotisms—not that of domestic tyranny, but that of a foreign invader—whilst we had to impute to our consciences that which was imputed to one of the first Christians who was present at the stoning of St. Stephen, that though we had not thrown the first stone, we had stood by consenting to her death. (Great cheering.) At last there was one spot in Europe to which we thought that we might not only as Englishmen but as Christians, and not only as Christians but as friends of humanity, direct our hopes and aspirations. (Hear, hear.) That spot was Greece. (Cheers.) He felt that he needed not to have mentioned her sacred name (hear); for he knew there was an echo in their hearts which re sponded to every syllable he uttered on this subject. Yes, Greece was the last altar on which, to use the language of a bard who had distinguished himself not less by his poetry than by his love of liberty, the torch of despotism was not to be ultimately placed(--Cheers.) And yet she had lately received-- not he believed, through the apathy, but from the misjudging policy of the British Government--a fatal blow -he meant not to her hopes, but to her present 'exertions. He was afraid of being tedious upon this subject, but said he thought it neces- sary that he who had been in that noble country; should tell them that the present contest' was not an ordinary contest between two rival nations, where both were Christians, but was a contest involving this important question, whether one of the fairest- portions to the globe should be rescued from the most impure, and de- spotic authority which had ever inflicted oppression on the liberties of mankind. (Hear, hear.) It was a dis grace to the great Powers of Europe, that they had so long suffered that barbarous abomination—the Turkish crescent—to defile, the soil of Christendom. There was nothing in common between us and the Turk, either in rule, or in domestic manners, or in external policy. The Turks were to 'this day as ferocious as when, they first started from' the extensive plains of Asia to over- run those of Christian' Europe ; but had lost in the lapse of time, many of those noble qualities which at first made them more than a match for their antagonists. They still exerted all the refinements of the most bar barous cruelty. In the punishments which they inflicted at present, some they' roasted alive, some they impaled, some they beat to death with mallets—and that punish ment had frequently been inflicted in the present conflict (hear, hear.)-some they deprived of their ears and of their eyes, whilst others; to whom they wished to act leniently, they mutilated in a less terrible degree.. The wives and children of their victims they drowned, or strangled, or beheaded, and that was with them con sidered as tender mercy. (Hear.). He would not dis gust then, with entering into further particulars of their foul manners. Suffice, it to say, that their vices were not the vices of men, and that their virtues were rather the virtues of savage, than of civilized life. He should like to ask the right hon. Secretary for Foreign Afftirs, if he were present among them, whether he could, ever hope to wreath for himself a more immortal crown. of glory than that which the world would place upon his' brow, if he achieved and consummated the emancipation of our Christian friends in Greece? (Cheers.)' Providence semed almost to have reserved him 'for the accomplish- ment of that great task. The ship which was to con- vey him to another hemisphere had its sails loose and flickering in the wind—the boat was waiting which was to carry him into what (he spoke it without any disre spect) must be considered as a species of honourable exile,-when at that very juncture which seemed to cut him off from every European office, an event occurred which no one—no, not even' he himself—could by any possibility have anticipated. Suddenly his rival died. The conjuncture made it 'necessary that -'the helm of power should be offered to his directing hand. He took it fairly, or what was equally important, he at any rate used it fairly. What then as is that- he did, or that circumstances permitted him to do ? They allowed him to change the whole policy of the country--that unhappy and accursed policy 'which had niade it an accomplice in the execrable designs of the Holy Alliance. (Hear, hear.) He cast off our chains with a bold and fearless hand, and we now saw them floating on the waters, which were conveying our commissioners to the free and independent states of South America. Why should not the right hon. gentleman proceed further and say; " I see before me the accomplishment of all my wishes ; having saved those who recline on the western waves, I will now proceed to save those who recline on the eastern—those to whom I am in debted for all the talent and eloquence which I possess What an opportunity the right hon. gentleman had in this state of things' to return to the modern Greeks the benefits which he had recieved from their glorious pre- decessors ! '(Hear, hear.): He entertained strong hopes that our Goverment would still interfere in this righte ous quarrel. ''Even if it did not, he had no doubts of the ultimate success of the cause of Greece. He would repeat what hehad before said in the House of 'om mons, that the desperate resolution evinced by the defenders of Missolonghi would afford, to those Greeks who survived them an heroic spirit, which would more than compensate the loss which the Turks had inflicted upon them by the capture of that important fortress. With these remarks he should propose the next toast,--"' The brave and suffering people of Greece, whose persevering velour, in asserting their independence, is most worthy of their ancestors, deserving the immediate aid of the whole Christian world," (Loud cheering.), TOAST-" M.r. Whitbread, and the Reformers of'Mid-? dlesex." Mr. Whitbread had retired before this toast was given. There was no speech made in reply to it. THu Chairman said, that the next foast was,: that of the oldest reformer in England---" T. W. 'Coke, El,':: and tihe Reformers of Norfolk" (Great applause.) ' liMr. COE, In returning thanks, said, it was very true that.he was one of the oldest reformers in lngland -for it was now 50 years since he had first 'ieen rturrli-.' ed to Parliament, and he had been ranged ever sihc'e hi~ . the ranks of the reformers, He would tell them franlk? ly, that.if he had known as much of the composition of: the HIouse of Commons at the'commencement of ~.hisJ:,. career as he did now at the close of it, he .ioild nev ? have condescended' to take a seat in it. '(·ear,, hear ,) Indeed, he had never been anxious to sit in Parlianent from his predilection for other pursuits ; but on his ,r'4.: " turn from his travels. att't dealh of his fathebcr;'blE -~ been ~trongly solicited to stand for the county of Norfolk, and heliad yielded to the solicitations made to him. He had no i. sod er taken .his place in Parliament, than he attached himself: to their late excellent representative Mr. Fox, and to him he stuck.through bad report and thtiough good report during the. whole of his career. From 'the principles-which he had then adopted he had never since swerved; and that consistency of character he would preserve so long as the freeholders of Norfolk chose him as their representative. The next election most unquestionably be the .last time when that trust could be imposed upon him. Indeed, he had little pleasure now inp wdetrk 'qig it; for they, knew well that if it was airly and hotestly discharged, it was a mbit .laborious task. ,.He '.was. happy to .say that the electors of Wetminster.hiad two representatives, who neg lected none of their -duties as members, of Parliament, and that they deserved better than the other electors of Great Britain from their representatives, because they returned them to Parliament free of expence. They had chosen those representatives with, great discretion for they- were both of them men of the, first talent. (Hear, hear.) They might find men of equal honesty; but men, gifted as they were with honesty and talent, were not to be met with every day. (Cheers.) If he now went to Parliament, it was that he might not make room for one who was not so direct and straight-forward a radical as he professed to be. (Cheers.) :iOn every -great question for the last 50 years he. had "given his vote; and upon all them he had given it in favour of the liberty of the people. (Cheers.) - In conclusion, he stated thai so long as his life was spared, and the elec torsof Westminster did him the honour of in. ting him to their anniversary, so long would he have great pride and pleasure in attending it. (Cheeys.) SIR F. BURDETT then left the chair. -ie left the room-as he had entered it, supported between two gen tlemen. ' LORD EBRINTON was then called to the chair. Several patriotic toasts were given and spoken'to, and the meet ing did not separate till a late,hour. 