HOBART TOWN: FRIDAY, JUNE 23, 1826. There are few subjects of greater importance, after those of the liberty of the people, than the condition of the circulating medium. Upon a wholesome state of which so much of the general, as well as the individual interests, so very materially depends. Perhaps there can be no time so proper for offering to the Public the views which occur to us upon this important subject, as the present. When we find that the King's Ministers have, by an Order of Council (equivalent in its ope- rations to an Act of Parliament), decided that the circulating medium in all the British possessions shall be of one (sterling) denomi- nation ;-when we find, that the carrying this order into effect has been attended with some little difficulties in a Colony of very high consideration (the Cape of Good Hope) ;– when we observe, that the same measure is now put in operation by the Local Govern- ment here;–and when we find, that that most important and valuable Establishment, the Chartered Public Bank of the Island, is on the point, in obedience as it would ap- pear to the commands of the Parent State, of adopting its issues to those of the Govern- ment, and by returning to sterling payments, doing its utmost to put down that worst of evils, an uncertain and inconvertible curren- cy, and to bring the circulating medium and the Government Bills to something nearer a level, than that which the pernicious erection of the dollar system so improvidently brought about. Before we proceed to the enquiry, as to the effects of this operation here, we will look a little at what has taken place at the Cape. We have inserted elsewhere the proclamation and notice issued by the Go- vernment of that Colony, upon carrying into effect this important measure ; which in that Colony, a conquered one, where the Dutch Law is to a certain extent the Law of the Land, where Dutch money has been from time immemorial the only currency, and where therefore so sudden and so important a change, so pregnant with powerful effects, not more upon the interests, than upon the long established manners and habits of the people, could not fail to excite a very con- siderable sensation. And such appears to have been the case. The Proclamation of the Governor in Council, bearing date the 6th June, refers to the resolution of the Bri- tish Government, that the British currency should be henceforth established as the cir- culating medium of all the British Colonial possessions ; and that British Silver Money should be a legal tender in discharge of all debts, whether to individuals or the Crown, at the rate of 1s. 6d. for each paper rix-dol- lar, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum. The subsequent clauses of the Proclamation go into a detailed statement of the manner in which the new law or order is to operate, and a public notice subjoined to the instrument, apprizes men of business that the Commissary will grant Bills on England at the above exchange to all those who may require them. Now whatever may have been the conduct of Lord CHARLES SOMERSET, in regard to the liberties of the people, how- ever tyrannically he may have borne himself in other respects, here, at all events he shews himself to have set about carrying into effect the orders of the British Government, in a Statesman-like manner, and not in the bun- gling and incomplete way in which our Lo- cal Administration has attempted to effect a measure, the importance of which we sup- pose was not discovered in midst of all the occupations which party cabals, and pitiful intrigues, and unconstitutional inquisitions, and concubinage enquiries, and private life investigations gave rise to. Lord CHARLES SOMERSET, it will be seen by the document already alluded to, not only fixed the value of the rix-dollar as regarded the relations of Government, but he went further; he estab- lished a fixed sum as the value thereof, in all private transactions, between man and man. Sir THOMAS BRISBANE did this by his Procla- mation, making the Spanish Dollar a legal tender. But, as since the glorious times of "Independence and no Appeal," the acts of that excellent man, are attempted as far as possible to be repudiated here, so we are now left floating about in the sea of uncer- tainty, upon a subject almost of all others of the first importance. The crawling Dutch- man, however, as may be well supposed, unwilling to part with any even of the offal, of the despotic and arbitrary rule to which he had been ever accustomed, exclaimed loudly against such British innovation. The ground upon which the opposition to the measure was urged, appears to have been, that it worked in some cases considerable losses to the paper-holders ; of which there were many, and to great amounts. It was affirmed, that, at the capture of the Colony, the currency, then amounting to two Mil- lions of rix- dollars, was "recognized and guaranteed," and that in 1810, the Local Go- vernment issued another Million of paper dollar currency, which taking into calcula- tion the rate of exchange, produced to go- vernment the value of about 3s. 6d. each dollar. We are not furnished with the facts here referred to, but there are two points on which we are disposed to place some reli- ance. First, the extreme improbability that Ministers, with their eyes open, could on would propose any measure so violent in its operation, as to effect the momentous reduc- tion of near two-thirds the value of that de- scription of property, in defiance of a na- tional guarantee ;-and secondly, we do not conceive that the arguments adduced by the Dutch Colonists, as to the value of the paper dollar which they have been, thus it would appear, driving the Government to issue to as great an amount as possible, in the hope and expectation that, under the "guarantee," they would be redeemed by the British na- tion at par, are entitled to much considera- tion. But the facts brought forward, as mat- ter of apprehension, are not of themselves conclusive. We are told, that the rix-dollar was allowed as equivalent to 4s., at the time when the Colony surrendered to us. If so, it was after all merely one paper against another which became the subject of such a calculation. But the great difficulty, as we shall shew by and bye, applies to the dollar question here. How could such an arrange- ment permanently establish an exchange at a fixed (or nearly so) rate between the Cape and London ? It is certain, that no such con- sequence as an unchangeable arrangement between the rix-dollar and the pound sterling could ever be calculated upon at the Cape, any more than such could be here, as re- spects the Spanish dollar. If the state of commerce is such as to render 4s. in specie intrinsically worth more than the paper rix- dollar, it is absurd to talk of any Proclama- tion arrangement having power to reduce that proportion. It is possible, for we repeat we have not facts before us, that the average value of the rix-dollar for a number of years has been taken in this instance, as a sufficient measure of its intrinsic value; and that Go- vernment, with a laudable anxiety to accom- modate names and regulations to realities, has adopted the measure of equalising all Colonial Currency, as a means of affixing thereto a certain and definite standard. All calculations of the relative value of gold and silver must have been the result of expe- rience ; and the equitable measure adopted at the Cape, in respect to paying and receiving the rix-dollar at the same price, and in the other Colonies of fixing the value of the Spa- nish dollar at 4s. 4d., proves clearly, that the British Government intended to place debtor and creditor upon the same footing. That indeed is the great principle to be acted upon in all cases of this sort; and which the Bank, in its projected alterations in the denomina- tion of its issue, has evidently in view. This operation appears to us to be both wise in itself, and of great probable prospective ad- vantage to the Colony. It will effectually prevent the evil which naturally arises, if ever (as we hope and trust may yet be the case) there is a metallic currency in this Co- lony of English denomination, with a co- existing dollar currency; the consequence of which would be, that a man going into a shop with five English shillings and a Spanish dollar Bank-note, the latter would not pur- chase any thing like its relative actual value, as compared with that of the shillings; be- cause the shillings would be convertible into remitable Government paper, which the other would not, whereby the additional value of such convertibility would be silently but heavily attached to it, to the proportional depreciation of the dollar. This evil would be severely felt by the Public, on whom, after all, every tax falls, because the silly cry of the Merchant being interested in this or that operation, is a vulgar error, palpable as it is absurd. For it is clear, that the Merchant never himself becomes the sufferer; he inva- riably imposes all taxation of every sort upon the consumer ; or in other words it is the people who pay all these impositions, whether they exist directly in the shape of taxes, or indirectly in the shape of premiums upon the remittances to be made by the Merchant to his correspondent ; and it is known depend entirely upon the state of the balance of trade. The evil then of a two-fold circula- ting medium will be very materially checked by the Bank returning to cash payments ; and as the chief part of this circulating medium will doubtless continue to be as it now is, the paper of the Bank, so that being of ster- ling denomination, if ever there should be a metallic British currency in circulation, or even we should ever, in consequence of im- provident and unwise measures of any Ad- ministration, be subjected to the evil of an issue of Government paper, as such must now be, by the British Law, in sterling denomin- ation, the Public will not have to encounter the evil of a double depreciated currency of two sorts. Property of every kind will slow- ly, and imperceptibly, but certainly become as at present subjected to an uncertain value, fluctuating as the price of dollars may rise or fall, upon which it is dependent; but be- ing bought and sold in the good old English terms of pounds, shillings, and pence, will become fixed and steady in its value, as far as depends upon that particular part of the subject. A difficulty has been started which certainly is entitled to some consideration. It is, that all commercial arrangements depend in some degree upon the course of exchange, which is again sensibly operated upon by the price of bullion, which again is dependent very materially upon European political events; that in the event of a state of things arising which should enhance the value of the Spanish dollar intrinsically, beyond the price now affixed to it by the Government, 4s. 4d., at which the Bank promise to pay their notes in bullion, that of course there would be an immediate run upon the Bank to obtain dollars at 4s. 4d. which would be worth an encreased sum, as soon as they passed over the Bank threshold. To this the answer is obvious, that the Bank having re- ceived them at such a value, could sustain no injury in paying them at that price. This is true in the abstract, but false in the prac- tise. It presumes that the Bank issues are only equal to the Bank receipts. But it is obvious, that in order to the public accom- modation, the Bank must discount very large- ly beyond its metallic resources, depending upon the public credit which the Establish- ment possesses, whereby its issues of paper exceed in the same proportion the bullion in its coffers. If, therefore, a ship was to ar- rive, bringing information that Spanish dol- lars were worth 4s. 6d. each, it is quite ob- vious, that the Bank would experience a loss of 2d. upon each dollar, which it was called upon to pay, in all its notes issued upon the faith of public credit, beyond the coin or bullion it had received in exchange for them. This position is so clear, so obvious, that it is entitled to the most serious consideration. There is only one way of preventing this, which would be for the bank-note to be pay- able in Spanish dollars at the value of the day on which payment was demanded. To this we are aware there are many, and not inconsiderable objections. The first would be of course that the dollar would be sub- jected to some unknown and unfixed valua- tion, and many difficulties would be the in- evitable consequence; and the next would be, the continual daily change in the Ac- countant department, of itself a most for- midable difficulty. The dollars, however, in such a case would rapidly disappear–not one would be left in the Colony. There is a great opportunity now afforded to the Go- vernment to adopt a measure, which would not only be most appropriate, as one of pre- caution, against the possibility of the arrival of the evil day, but as a measure of finance would be materially profitable to Govern- ment. It is in the recollection of every man conversant in public affairs, that in the year 1797, several millions of dollars were issued from the Bank of England by the English Government, bearing an effigial stamp of the King, and to which by an Order of Council was affixed–first, the value of five shillings, then of five shillings and six- pence, and last- ly they were passed through the Mint, and came out in the shape of "Bank Tokens," at six shillings. This, although a depreciation, was a metallic currency, and its nominal va- lue at which the public paid and received it, in all departments, public and private, was so much beyond its intrinsic value as bul- lion, that when guineas and every other de- scription of coins entirely disappeared, the Bank Token circulation supplied the public wants, and obviated the difficulty which would otherwise have been insurmountable. General MACQUARIE acted upon this principle at Sydney, and most wisely, in the issue of a large sum in Colonial Currency, formed by the removing the small circular piece, called the dump, from the centre of the Spanish dollar. The public demand was abundantly supplied at a sterling denomination; nor was it until the short-sighted and ruinous mea- sures (supposed to have originated with the Commissary), of making as great a gain as pos- sible to the British Treasury, by the sale of its paper, were carried into effect, that a dollar circulation became established, to the total exclusion of the old English system of pounds, shillings, and pence, to the great depreciation of property, and to the great general injury of the people. If the present Administration here could by any measure, by any possibility become popular, (although we fear it is too far gone in public disesteem to recover its lost ground), a similar measure either to that of the British Government in 1797, or of General MACQUARIE in 1812, would have the effect of raising it in the public opinion. The dollar, which by the smallest interruption in European tranquil- lity, would at once quit our shores, would by such a measure be preserved amongst us, and the great, and (to a young Colony such as this) most ruinous consequences which would be attendant on such a state of things, upon the total absense of the precious me- tals from amongst us, be at once averted from us, and we should feel secure against all apprehension of being driven to that most calamitous of all necessities– the creation of an inconvertible currency, destructive to the best interests of the Colony, and the certain and immediate consequence of which would be, a depreciation in the value of property to an extent beyond the possibility of calculation ! We have not space at pre- sent to continue this subject. We have hard- ly entered upon it, for it is not limited ei- ther in substance or importance. We shall return to it in our next. The Public has seen that upon the ex- parte report of a Secret Tribunal, anti- En- glish, unconstitutional, and unjust, not more in its principle than in its practise, not more in the manner in which it was called into life, than in the mode in which its opera- tions were performed, the King's Attorney General, (Mr. GELLIBRAND), has been sus- pended from the functions of the high and important office confided to him by his Sove- reign, and the salary awarded to him for his maintenance summarily withheld. The Pub- lic, we repeat, has seen this ; and the ex- pression of its feelings and sentiments thereon is general and uniform. The Attorney-Ge- neral, under a Special Act of Parliament, passed for the purpose of enabling Public Officers who may be placed (no matter how) in such a situation as he is, has availed him- self of the power that Act bestows, and has appealed to the King in Council, against the treatment he has experienced. This he is entitled to of right; and no private repre- sentations, no green bags, no requests or en- treaties, or statements, in short, no back stair-case work of any kind can avail against him, without that full and fair and impartial hearing (to which, under the Act of Parlia- ment we refer to he is entitled) before the King in Council, in common with every other Public Officer, who, having been appointed to so high a post, may be summarily re- moved from it at the caprice, or upon the private feeling of any Governor. In these times of precedent, we have one before us, pre- cisely in point, and which we have no doubt will be the precursor to an issue as to the Attorney-General precisely of a similar na- ture. We have before referred to it, but we have now the whole detail in our possession. It is that of Mr. Serjeant ROUGH, who was suspended from his office of President of the Court at Demerara, by Major-General MUR- RAY, the Governor of that Colony. Against this decision; Mr. Rough appealed, under the Act of Parliament, to the King in Council, and the proceedings on the appeal occupied that August body for several months of the last year ; when His Majesty in Council was pleased to order, that Mr. ROUGH'S suspen- sion was illegal and improper ; and General MURRAY was recalled from his Government. We have the whole proceedings under this appeal before us, and they exhibit one of the most cheering proofs of the great bles- sings which Englishmen enjoy under a Free Constitution, which furnishes means of re- dress in all cases where oppression is com- plained of. Sir JAMES MACINTOSH, M.P., appeared as the principal Advocate for Mr. ROUGH, and most ably did he execute his duties towards his friend and client. To his hands, we understand, the Attorney-Gene- ral GELLIBRAND has confided the advocacy of his appeal ; and we believe the whole Public unites with us in the hearty wish and expectation, that Sir JAMES may be equally successful in this, as he was in Mr. ROUGH'S case. This most independent Senator and able Advocate, on the 20th March last, addressed the Lords of the Council in a speech of five hours' continuance, and of almost unexampled force and power. Some passages run so completely "on all fours" (to adopt a very significant expression of Chief Justice PEDDER'S), that we think our Readers will consider them well worthy extracting. Sir JAMES MACINTOSH, after detailing fully the circumstances of the case, spoke as follows :– "He felt the greater anxiety upon this occasion, because it was a case not only af- fecting the feelings and the interests of a wor- thy individual, but also the comforts, the satety, and the independence of every Colo- nial Public Officer. The complaint compri- sed three substantive charges-1st, the un- justifiable act of suspension ; 2d, the illegal appointment of a successor ; and 3d, the countenance afforded by the Governor to the mock procession and disorderly triumph of the enemies of the President. He would not pass over the two latter without making observations upon them ; but they were im- portant, as they furnished evidence of the first rather than as principal charges them- selves. He would, therefore, chiefly ad- dress himself to the main charge, namely the suspension of Mr. Sergeant ROUGH, which took place in the month of October, 1821. In so doing, he should contend for four pro- positions– first, that the Governor had no authority by law for such an act; secondly, that even if he had such a discretionary power, his exercise of it here was unjust towards Mr. Sergeant ROUGH; thirdly, that there was no necessity for the assumption of such an illegal power, or such as exercise of discretionary power, as amounted to a vio- lation of all substantial rules of justice ; and, fourthly, that his act appeared to have arisen from such settled animosity on the part of General MURRAY towards Mr. Sergeant ROUGH as the law entitled him to call ma- lice. In substance, that the act of suspension was illegal, unnecessary, and unjust. As to the first, namely, that General MURRAY had not the power by law to suspend the Pre- dent, he would not detain their Lordships long. In the act of suspension itself the Go- vernor declared, that 'by virtue of the pow- er and authority in him vested, he did sus- pend, &c.;' Here he certainly found there were the words 'power and authority ;' but if he looked beyond this allegation he was at a loss to find any. In the case of the suspen- sion of a judicial officer, the burden of pro- ving the authority for such an act lay upon the party exercising it. Governor MURRAY was therefore bound to show that he was in- vested with this power. Where, then, was the proof ? General MURRAY had appealed to his instructions. If he could produce any grant from the King containing these ex- press words, he (Sir JAMES) was satisfied to give up his argument. In the case drawn up on behalf of General MURRAY with so much adroitness by his Learned Friend, who knew how dangerous it was to come to precise rea- soning, one or two grounds were put forth, from which it was attempted to draw a con- clusion that he possessed this authority ; and this showed him that no better grounds existed, or these would not have been resorted to. Now, what were these gounds? To his astonishment, they consisted only of a timid intimation that such a power must be supp0- sed to exist in every community ; and if it existed any where, it must be in the hands of the Governor. Was reasoning like this to be advanced in the capital of the British do- minions ? It might be very good reasoning indeed, in the mouth of James II., when he filled Westminster-hall with judges who would pronounce an opinion in favour of his prero- gatives. On any general reasoning this prin- ciple could not be sustained. Was there, then, any authority for it in the law of Eng- land or Holland? He (Sir JAMES) had not been able to find any in either. Their Lord- ships knew that in Holland law was as much cultivated as in any part of Europe– it was a country of great lawyers. It was very un- likely, therefore, that such a law as this ex- isted in it. But he had searched and could find no law of this kind. He was therefore entitled to infer that there existed no autho- rity in that country for this pretended power on the part of the Governor. Was there in England any such law ? If there was, and the necessity for exercising the power was to arise, what would become of our vast pos- sessions in India? But the Government there, which had to controul sixty or seventy mil- lions of people, did not possess this power. Was there any part of the British dominions where it did exist? If so, he had never heard of it. He had heard, indeed, of a sus- pension taking place in Berbice, which His Majesty immediately set aside, in a manner not the most favourable t0 this pretended power. Until therefore he received some authority for the existence of this power, he must suppose that none did exist." Our Readers in the perusal of the above extract must be struck with the coincidence which exists in some particulars between the cases of Mr. ROUGH and Mr. GELLIBRAND. We have more than once expressed our opi- nion that there are many persons here who, in their over-zeal for the support of the foun- tain of good things, forget the wide differ- ence which exists between power and autho- rity. It is a mistake into which great men have frequently fallen, and which has been productive of the most serious, and in many cases the most injurious consequences. It is the misfortune of Governors to be surround- ed more by sycophantic flatterers, than by inde- pendent men, who openly and unreservedly will oppose errors and give honest council. We really believe that no Governor had ever less cause to be proud of those about them than Lieutenant Governor ARTHUR. In vain can we look for a single adviser amongst the men said to be "confidential," from whom liberal and generous counsels could be ex- pected. The time is gone by for those who really wish well to the present Government to offer their advice. The measures which have been adopted, have been of so decisive a character, that the King's Ministers will have to chuse between enormous expenditure, se- cret inquisitions, and general dissatisfaction on the one part– and the unanimous voice of the people on the other. It requires little of the spirit of prophecy to foretell the result. In our last we alluded to an article from the Morning Herald, on the subject of the abuses in the British system of the adminis- tration of justice. We insert it this week. and we believe the Tasmanian Public will heartily consider with every sentiment it ex- presses. The "ambidextrous faculty" of fee- collecting, has reached a pitch here, which, if an evil in England, is one hundred times more severely felt in an infant Colony, where the people have enough to do to find bread, without being taxed for the support of a profession the most valuable, and the most injurious of all others, to an extent which, if the facts were not self-evident, would be considered impossible to exist! General reflections are, as the Morning He- rald says, odious and inconclusive. And it is impossible to blame the Gentlemen of the Profession for making the most of an Harvest, which, if the changes spoken of are to take place, cannot be of very long duration. The great blame rests upon the Chief Justice, or rather upon those who have imposed upon him, so many, such multiplied incongruous and inconsistent duties, that his whole time is occupied upon subjects, inquisitions, and private enquiries of domestic life, which would have been much better, both as regards the public interests and the private feelings of the Chief Justice (believing him to be an honoura- ble man) left to the hands of others. These occu- pations, so diversified in their character, and so opposite in their bearings, prevent the Chief Justice from devoting that time to the organization of the Court, which the public feeling loudly calls for, and the public inte- rests require. We are unwilling to press this subject closer than we have done, but much ground remains to be gone over which is as yet untrodden, and which reluctantly as we shall do so, we feel it our duty to in- vestigate. We shall do so as temperately as the Attorney-General HONE recommends, but as fully as the subject requires. There is an extremely amusing paragraph in the last Government Gazette. It is too rich not to extract it for the entertainment of the Public. It would be cruel that such a precious morceau should be confined to the purlieus of the Government Offices, to which the circulation of the Official Gazette "by authority" is limited. We give it therefore, that the people may take of the amusement :– "Some of the people in this Colony have heard a great deal of late about the Liberty of the Press. It is, however, an undeniable fact, that the daily and weekly London Press is any thing but free– that it is venal in the extreme, and that its columns are to be bought by the inch. The Newspapers are in general projected for the purpose of making money, and the speculators, without ex- ception, endeavour to make that money, even at the expense of private character, or even public liberty, wherever that is neces- sary to ensure their profit. Whether the Press which calls itself free in these Colonies is an exception, we will not say. For us, we have undertaken to give a preference to Government Notices, with which the matter of our Journal has nothing to do. With the exception of Advertisements, we have never paid nor received money for any article of communication whatsoever – a truth, which, as it is no less rare than it is honourable to ourselves and our Readers, we are proud to proclaim. We are proud of the valuable Communications now before us, which, as they are too long for our present columns, we retain for an early insertion when these same columns are enlarged with a new face. Besides many original articles of our own thus postponed, we have been favoured with many contributions in every department of literature and science, which would not dis- grace the first periodical work in London." Now this certainly is infinitely entertaining. The Government Gazette here tells us that the London Press, meaning of course "such Journals as the Courier, and the Post, and John Bull are venal and corrupt, and "sold by the inch!" This is all very well as regards such Papers as the above. But when the Government writers tell themselves, that the Times, and the Chronicle, and the Examiner, and other independent Journals are venal and corrupt, and "sold by the inch," how sillily must they all look at one another, when they are gravely telling each other such palpable falsehoods. Do they suppose that they could purchase one inch of the Times, or one inch of the Chronicle, in praise of Colo- nel ARTHUR, or his Government ! Do they suppose that the very almost exercise of their own "venality" could purchase, we say, one single inch of either of those Journals, to such an object ! They well know, the clerk at the Counter would throw their gui- neas and their puff at them, with the indig nation their miserable attempt to corrupt the really Free Press would call forth ! They proceed to state, that Newspapers are pro- jected, "WITHOUT EXCEPTION," to make money, even at the expense of "PRIVATE CHARACTER and PUBLIC LIBERTY ! ! ! " In- deed ! Does the Government Gazette of this Island, published officially "by authority," openly and indecently avow, that neither private character nor public liberty is secure against its base and unprincipled attacks, for the sake of filthy lucre ! Does the Govern- ment of this Island, in its official "by au- thority" Gazette, venture to openly pro- pound such principles as these ! Here in- deed is a tolerably open explanatoin of all the moving vermin, and radical rubbish, and triple exile, and certificate men articles, to say no- thing of the detestable, false, scandalous, and malicious slanders and detractions, with which its columns were so long and so regu- larly filled! What will the Times, and the Chronicle, and the Free London Press say to this ! And even the Courier, and the Post, and the John Bull, and the rest of the cor- rupt ; how will they relish this open avow- al of their infamy by the Government Ga- zette of this Island, published "by autho- rity," with the name of the acting Colonial Secretary, Member of the Executive Coun- cil, and Legislative Council, affixed thereto ! How, we say, will this go down ? As to the absurd stuff about the Government Official Gazette giving a "preference" to the insertion of the Government Notices to other Notices, it excites disgust, usque ad nauseam. Why for what other purpose is the Public taxed with the support of this precious pro- duction, but for the insertion of the Go- vernment Notices. How sickening then is it to witness such stuff as this put forth, and to know that the people have to pay for it ! The nauseating article then goes on to state that the Government never paid or received money for any article or communication whatever. We doubt this ; because, with all the falsehood before us, for which the Government Gazette is proverbial, we are not disposed to give credit to assertion which carries its own contradiction upon the face of it. For what do we see £300 sterling per annum of the money of the people char- ged against the people in the "abstract," as it is called, of the Public Expenditure, as being paid to certain persons on account of the Government Gazette ! We are quite rea- dy to admit the inference, which we sup- pose is meant by this passage, that the Go- vernment Gazette is written and produced entirely by the Executive Government, or some of its Members, or all of them perhaps by turns. If this is what is meant, we have no objection whatever to admit it to its ful- lest extent, and to give the Government the whole benefit of the admission. But when we see that there is added an assumption that such is "honourable to themselves," we consider that this is as impudent as it is in- sulting. We have so often, so conclusively, so universally proved, that the Government Gazette is altogether, press, types, printer, even the great sign over the door, the posi- tive property of the Government, that we needed not the admission so barefacedly made in the last number to confirm our state- ments. But we confess we are astonished at the insolence which can thus dare, publicly and unblushingly to avow, a mass of slander and falsehood greater than ever yet appeared in print, within the same short period of time, and that a Newspaper, paid for by the people, although produced by the Go- vernment, would dare to state to the people, that its columns are open for sale "by the inch," even at the expense of PRIVATE CHA- RACTER or PUBLIC LIBERTY ! There is no subject to which a Government of a Colony such as this ought to pay more attention than the fairly, and equitably, and without favour or affection, bestowing the land, the property of the public, the power of disposal of which is confided to the Go- vernment, merely as the Steward of the peo- ple. It is with astonishment, therefore, that we learn that lately a very large and bountiful disposition of this most essential part of the public property has been made by the pub- lic Steward. It is currently reported, and generally believed, that Captain Montagu the Clerk of the Council, Mr. Executive and Legislative Councillor, and acting Colonial Secretary Hamilton, Mr. Executive Council- lor, and Colonial Treasurer Thomas (of deed be done celebrity), and Mr. Charles Arthur, have very recently received very large Grants of Land. Captain Montagu 2000 acres, and a reserve of 2000 acres more ! and the other Government Gentlemen 2000 acres each ! We really do not know how to credit this rumour. It is, however, as we have said, generally circulated, and as generally be- ieved. If it is untrue, we shall have great pleasure in contradicting it, because such a disposition as this of the public property, is calculated very especially to add, if such be possible, to the general unpopularity of the present administration. The Public en- quires what possible claim Captain Montagu, a full pay duty Captain of the 40th Regi- ment, on service here, can possibly have to such a Grant of the Public Land ! We be- lieve, that it is without a precedent, which in these times of precedent, we suppose will of itself be considered a conclusive argu- ment, (setting aside all others of claims, or of expediency) against it. Captain Montagu's services to the Colony or the Colonists are yet to be known. At present they are consi- dered, to say the least, to have been less than negatively advantageous. We repeat, we cannot believe it possible, that such a Grant can have been made, and we only now no- tice the rumour in order to afford an oppor- tunity for its contradiction. If, however, it should appear to be correct, contrary as such will be to our hopes and our belief, we shall, in the performance of our duty, offer to the Public, the considerations which sug- gest themselves to us, arising therefrom. Neither can we believe, that Messrs. HAMIL- TON and THOMAS have received the additional grants mentioned. Mr. CHARLES ARTHUR is very differently situated, and connected as he is with the Lieutenant Governor, and upon other considerations, no objection would perhaps ex- ist to his receiving such a mark of the public bounty. But the other individuals spoken of, the Public considers to be not only with- out any sort of claim to such a portion of the public lands, but that their services have been and are beyond measure over-paid ! Why is not Mr. HUMPHREY; why is not Dr. SCOTT, whose services are beyond comparison more valuable, more important, and more arduous than the whole of the rest of the Government Officers put together; why, we say, are not these Gentlemen included in the rumour which has gone abroad. Surely it cannot be said that they are too well paid. For, of all the Public Officers, they alone remain upon the old Establishment. Are there other rea- sons that their names are not included in the rumoured list of the fortunate few ? Mr. HONE again. He is not mentioned, and (poli- tical considerations apart) his services have been more incessant and as arduous as any of them. But the King's Attorney-General GELLIBRAND ! We have heard that this Offi- cer applied for a Grant of Land, and that it was refused him, upon the express ground that he was a Public Officer ! He has ceased to be such (at least as far as depends upon the Local Government), and yet we have not heard that his request has been complied with, although he has expended, infinitely more money in improvements of his property and on other Colonial objects, than all the other Public Officers, who are now said to be about to become so fortunate. In the doubts which we entertain of the truth of the ru- mour which has called forth these remarks, we pause until they are either denied or con- firmed. And we repeat our anxious hopes that it may turn out to be wholly unfounded. The Government Gazette has in its last number inserted two or three strong hints about the "economy of the British Ministers," in reference to the enormous expences which, since Colonel SORELL'S departure, have been incurred by the Executive. And an allusion is made to the Public Officers here (meaning, we suppose, Captain MONTAGU, Messrs. HA- MILTON, THOMAS and Co.) in the following terms :-"We trust that Government, in fix- ing the salaries of official men in these Colonies, will call into consideration the distance from home, the deprivations to be endured, and the encreased expences in a young Colony, and that the long list of applications for this favourite Island, lying before Lord Bathurst, will have no influence in lowering THE PRICE OF PUBLIC SERVICES !"– This is tolerably plain ! the price of public services ? And this, be it re- membered, put forth in the Government Ga- zette, published "by Authority." Tolerably plain by these official Gentlemen, speaking of themselves, and of the price of their servi- ces ! We wonder what the Free Press of England will say to this, or even the "saleably by inch" Journals. Now, to say nothing of the modesty of these worthy Gen- tlemen who thus plainly speak their own wishes, and give their account of themselves and of their sold services, the price of which they so bravely speak of, let us look at the real facts and see how their own statements quadrate, "go on all fours" with them.– First, then as to the claim about "distance from home." This cannot apply to any of them, for they came out here without any anticipation of the good things which they have fallen in with. In the words of the great Poet, "Fortune lay in their way, and they found it !" But what claims these per- sons, who arriving here as Settlers, emi- grating from their native land, for causes best known to themselves, and with which we have nothing to do, can possibly have to con- sideration in respect to salaries in offices which they have tumbled into in the course of the chapter of accidents, on account of "distance from home, or deprivations to be en- dured, or increased expences in a young Co- lony," the Public is quite unable to discover ! They are not officers of "home" appoint- ment, and therefore their "home" is that of their own selection, this Island, to which they proceeded without dreaming of the great good fortune which hung over them. How much to be admired then is the con- summate modesty of these men, who them- selves, in their "by Authority" production, thus put forth claims upon the purses of the people, to which they have the slighest sha- dow, the slightest ghost even of a claim, un- less indeed it is on the old account "to keep up appearances." By the loss of the little Government ves- sel which lately sailed for Maria Island, we regret to state, that a widow and a large fa- mily are deprived of a father and husband. Mr. S. CHASE was the master of that vsssel. He was an experienced navigator, and had been many years in the maritime service in these Colonies. We therefore trust the Go- vernment may afford some relief to his dis- consolate wife and orphan children, as they are left wholly unprovided for. It might not be unacceptable to some of our Readers to know, that by the 24th Geo. II. chap. 53, sec. 2, "No person can recover any money for spirituous liquors, unless the debt has been contracted at one time to the amount of 20s. or upwards." And also, on the authority of Scott v. Gilmore, third Bar- ton's Reports, Michaelmas Term, 51st Geo. III. chap. 40, with the following enactment ; namely, "No retailer of spirituous liquors can take any pledge for the payment of mo- ney owing for spirituous liquors, under the penalty of 40s." A Settler was lately charged before a Bench of Magistrates with harbouring a female Crown prisoner. The case being proved, the defend- ant was, sentenced to pay a fine of 90 dollars – 50 pursuant to the Act of Council, and one dollar for each day (40) the woman was so harboured. We trust the Police will be equal- ly vigilant in prosecuting those persons who harbour male assigned servants. The first three months of Mr. BENT'S im- prisonment will expire on Wednesday next. To 