ON IMPRISONMENT FOR "DEBT." "Iste notam, nigram nominat ; simul hic vocat albam ; Idem, diverso lumine, uturque videt." "That, black declares, what this pronounces white : Each views the same thing in a different light. My attention to Alpha's second dissertation on the expe- diency of "Imprisonment for Debt," at the will of the creditor, is prompted, less by a wish to prolong the contro- versy, than to express my satisfaction at the candid and temperate manner, in which, as far as he goes, this respecta- ble writer has conducted it. But I confess, I am not suffici- ently convinced, even by all the arguments he has so inge- niously combined, of the truth of the two leading principles which, he appears to me, so anxious to sustain ; viz. "that commercial persons are better qualified than the Judges of the land, and other eminent authorities, quoted by "Aris- tides," to decide on the subject at issue :" and "that par- tial evil ought to be tolerated for the promotion of general good." It is, I believe, universally admitted, "that parties, hav- ing an interest in the result of any particular question, are not the fittest and the best qualified to legislate upon it."— For this reason, I must consider, "that on the topic of imprisonment for Debt, the commercial world confessedly, not being indifferent, cannot bring to the discussion, minds, so perfectly disinterested, as to ensure the strict impartia- lity, as well as the luminous discrimination, indispensable to an equitable decision." For, with equal propriety might the clergy be allowed to frame tithe laws ; attorneys, to fix the scale of their own fees ; or usurers, to establish the legal rate of interest ; as the commercial world, to sit umpires in their own cause ; and to legalize the extent of penalties on their debtors, who might happen to become insolvent ! That some degree of coercive power may be vested in the creditor for his security, under certain limitations, and sub- ject to a higher controul, I am not disposed to contest. It is not, therefore, so much against the general principle, as against the extent, and its practical abuse under legal sanc- tion, that I have entered my protest. And I repeat, "that the permission to tear from a numerous family a parent, on whose sole exertions their support depends ; and who has oflered to his creditor a "cessio bonorum," and every possi- ble reparation, immediately, and prospectively ; and to incarcerate. him, for months, in a dungeon, to the. annihila- tion of his resources, and to the destruction of his family's present, comforts and future prospects, is an extension of power, to be exercised at the caprice of a creditor, which , ie adverse to reason, to justice, to Christianity I' Yet, finch iniquitous oppression has been, and Is still practised, under the forms of law !' ' Is Alpha an apologist for sitch ?.cruelly, jn- an. advocate for statutes, which sancdonils continuance ?' '-But it is alleged by Alpha, 'that this is 'merely a partial evil, -necessary to the general good.' The highest possible authority, the word of God, expressly declares J' that we are not to .do evil .for the production of good.;?'; and reason equally affirms, .A'. that a good intention cannot justify an ill fiction.'! And, I am 'inclined to hope, .tlmt Alpha is too religious, as , M'vll as too intelligent, to quote in opposition to such authorities, *-m?.x'.'?' analogous, to the dictum of, CaiapliAs,!.'- that it is.ex _v, pedient, . one. man should die for the people' !' , , ' ' / \\-' :tep-^iP?'f* . has , displayed much tact and policy) in leaving un touclied nil those points in' the ' letters of Aristidcs and Omega, Which were less susceptible of refutation or reply. I forbe,ar to repeat them, takingjpr granted his acquiescence ; in their truth, from his omission of any attempt to controvert them. -Having been many years absent from England, and possessing: little opportunity and less leisure for' legal^ studies,' I plead \ guilty of.ignorance of the statutes, quoted by Alpha, ar»d enacted during the present reign, on the subject of' insolvent debtors j* and I thank him for the information, 'w'itli.'w.hich his essays have '«»i/!g/ite/»ed'|nie, concerning' these statutes, as well as respecting th'e regulations oh the same subject, established by .the' Charter . of this Colony. 'Alpha, however/ suppresses one very important piece of information,' as respecting tins' Colony,1 which 'has- been, conveyed' to 'the from high- legal authority, viz.' ' that a single creditor, holding his debtor in execution by the writ, capias ad sniisfacieriduin,' has : the- power''.' to render his imprisonment, indefinite, and thus \to nullify all the humane provisions of- the legislature, for:the relief of insolvents, which Alpha has alleged, nre comprised in pur, Colonial Charter.' Let-tlris ' cryirig abuse'! he corrected. Jet the law be shaped for the prevention of undue and arbitrary power in the creditor, as well as for ,the restraint t»f improbity, or fraud in the debtor, and fewsliadesofditreren.ee will remain between the-at preseat.conflicting- upinions of Alpha and Omega !'??'? ? While Alpha is so strenuous an advocate for '-general rules,' and deprecates every deviation from them, as ' an evil,' I-wish lie could receive demonstration, not of the speculative, but of the practical ills resulting fm'p the inflexible adherence to such ruh's, which his system. daily generates ! , His philosophy; how ever ' stoical,' would, '.1^ conceive, be shaken ; and he would be tempted to acknowledge) ' that. the benefit to creditors, for which he pleads, derived from their coercive, powers, may be purchased, at. the expense of too large a portion of human misery, not only to the debtors themselves; but to their families, their relatives, and! their connexions !' Let him contcnmlate. with his mitiH'c eye, the following poetical, but not fictitious, description : — 'See, where with wild, distracted, mien, ' Despair, and ph'renzyi n her eyes', The widow .with, her babes is seen, Who round her press, with a/tless 'cries !' ' The husband's, and the parent's lot, In prison hound, they vainly mourn, WIjci, mercy's sacred claims forgot, , ' From, them by ''human fiends' is tor* !' , 'Oh! can their wrongs. to Heaven appeal. Nor retributive justice pour Its wiatlC and bid the oppressor feel The pangs, his hapless victims bore ?' . , . 7m conclusion, I beg to refer once more to1 the authority of that ' Supreme Judge,' before whose awful tribunal1 we must all ap pear, to answer for the accordance of our lives and actions to die p'receptslie has himself laid' down for their government;' to which ' the pleas of human policy, or expedience will be 'vainly opposed;' and among which; tu/o of .the most prominent and in dispensable are, — . ' , ' . ' To do unto others, as. we would they should do unto us:'— and ' ' ? ' ?' To forgive our debtdrsj as we ourselves hope for forgivenesi from Him.'\ ? 'Here loo I saw, with chains of iron bound, ?' ?' In cells,'. with bars of hre encompassed' round,. Those' callous mortals,'- in this upper world. Who fellow-men'to prison-dungeons hurled ! ' CKristiansin- name,- who, while they pray'd to Heaven, , A»vwe forgive,', be .we ourselves forgiven ; Yet on: their debtors ' legal vengeance' pour'd— ' ' Row feel the condemnation, they implored !' — 'i - .' - j. -' -. . ' . (Luc: deitiferis.) '. , lam, Sir,' ;- Your obedient humble servant, . ...' . ? -Tiuyuf- kt Unus. Sydney, D«c. 5, 1826. ? . ? , Puns. — A leveller, perceiving two prows flying side by aide, exclaimed, ' Aye, that is just as it should be; I hate to see one crow over another.' . ( A poor country hawker being' detected in the act of shooting a butcher bird, was taken before a justice. ' So, fellow/' cried Mittimus, 'you think fit to shoot without n license, do you?' Oh, no, your honour,'* cried the of fender, li I hnve a license for hawking}' so saying, lie banded him his pedlar's license, and the bird shot proved a hawk, the man was discharged.. . ?. - ,---? «.?'?. . A gentleman getting up, at a debate repeated the words ' I built' several times without being able to proceed with the thread of his argument, 4r Gentlemen,' cried' another ' tlie gentleman' is- stopped 'in his building for ?want of materials.' .. '? .... ', ' ''' That man is a thief,' said a vvng to his friend,, point ing to a reporter stated in a poliee office. ...?'?? Why. so.?', inquired hig friend.' . .' Why,*» cried he, ?♦«, do you not . perceive 'he. is taking notes.*., l; ; , ,.,!??.. V -.???:?? . One entering a jeweller's shop in the strand, asked to; look- at some rings; and being shewn some very massive 'thick ones by the shopman, who said they were chased; lie, observed, *' You must mistake, sir ; these are loo vulgar , to he chatte'. . .' ? \ '. ? , ' .' / i-;\: - . ? '*':--:~ '? '.'.'.- ? . ' Horse j»'nd Sheep- -Strai.tvo'.— Tt appears from a return made by order of the House of Commons, of the persons con victed of horse-stealing during 1823, 1824, 1825, that the num ber amounted to 449', of whomlO were executed, 234 trans ported for life, and .205 transported or. imprisoned to hard labour for various periods— of the latter, three were females. Also that the uumber of persons convicted, during the last thret years of sheep-stealing,- amounts to 289 ; of whom only three were executed. , ? ? /' ' Shbeiv and Wool. — The French are full of hopes on the subject of cultivating the *' nev/Leicester' aud ' South down' breeds of sheep, in the department of Marne, and rivalling the British manufactures which are produced from their wool. They are importing the best races f and seem to calculate certainly on success.. ' , Equivalent fou a Husband. — A countryman pre ferred a complaint (in the Sheriffs Small Debt Court, at Cupar,) affninst a young woman, for not delivering, to him a watch of which he claimed the ownership, and which Ehe Tcfuned to give up. The girl averred that the pursuer hail given it to her as a pledge that lie would marry her; and ' if he did not. he was to forfeit all right to the watch. 'That's no true,' said the' pursier.' Sheriff— ', Why. did' you give her the watcli ?' Pursuer — ' Ou, Sir,' I- was gaun not o* the 1'lace, ant^ gai'd to her that I might seo her agen.' .'Sheriff- — *' Very strange reason. Might this qu'Mion not '.be settled by marriage yet?' Defender— (with much ? jconcern) — ' Ah na ! Sir, we ranna get him noo,; he's mar rteil .to anither.' The Sheriff ;at h-h^rth decided the casa by;referriii{; to defender's 'oath, whelller .she had cot the .watch :in -the \manuer.; asserted .by her. or not. VThe girl swore in the affirmative; and was accordingly allowed to retain possession of the watch as her property.—Dundee Advertiser. THE TREASURES OF THE DEEP.—A fisherman near War- ren, R. I. lately caught a fish which had secreted in his maw a lady's green silk indispensable, containing an ivory box of rouge, a few love letters, some original poetry, copied from old newspapers, a bunch of false curls, two teeth made of, white wax, four yards of tape, and some large bars of steel, intended for corsettes. Lawyers in China.—No attornies are authorised by law in China; those self-constituted, are thus defined and described by a Chinese classic writer: "Villainous and perverse vaga- bonds, who are fond of making a stir, and who, either by fraudulent and crafty schemes, excite discord; or by disorderly and illegal proceedings, intimidate and impose upon people!" Pneumatic Engine—The application of a newly invented pneumatic engine for propelling a carriage against the ascent of a sharp acclivity, has been successfully tried upon the steepest part of Shooter's-hill. The place chosen for this trial, was where the ascent gains 13½ inches in 12 feet, and where the sandy surface of the new made road, by affording a yielding and clogging bed for coach wheels, presented every obstacle to the success of such an experiment. Notwithstanding these local disadvantages, the engine, which was constructed upon a four-wheeled body, steadily conquered the ascent, and esta- blished its extraordinary power to move onwards against the impediment of a precipitous surface. Its power of motion upon a level plain was never denied, but until this experiment demon- strated the fact, many contended that it could not surmount perpendicular resistance. We could not learn exactly the weight of the machine, but as it ascended the hill seven persons sat on the shafts, without making by their incumbrance any perceptible alteration in its stones.—Times. Effects of temperature in the human body.—The alterations of temperature which the human body has been known to bear, without any fatal or even bad effects, are not less than 400º or 500° of Fahrenheit. The natural heat of the human body is 96° or 97°. In the West Indies the heat of the atmos- phere is often at 100°, and sometimes rises even to 126° or 30º above the temperature of the human body; notwithstanding which, a thermometer put in the mouth points to 96° or 97°. The inhabitants of the hot regions of Surinam, support, without inconvenience, the heat of their climate. We are assured that in the Senegal, about the latitude of 17°, the thermometer in the shade generally stands at 108°, without any fatal effects to men or animals. The Russians often live in places heated by stoves to 108° or 109°; and some philosophers in this country, by way of experiment, remained a considerable time in a room heated above the boiling point of water. A SEA-BULL.—"An Irishman, who served on board a man- o'-war in the capacity of a waister, was selected by one of the officers to haul in a tow-line of considerable length, that was towing over the tafferail. After rowsing-in forty or fifty fathoms, which had put his patience severely to proof, as well as every muscle of his arms, he muttered to himself, 'By my soul, it's as long as to-day and to-morrow!'—It's a good week's work for any five in the ship!—Bad luck to the arm or leg, it'll lave me at last!—What, more of it yet!—Och, murder; the sa's mighty deep, to be sure!'—When, after continuing in a similar train, and conceiving there was little probability of the completion of his labour, he stopt suddenly short, and addressing the officer, of the watch, exclaimed, 'Bad manners to me, sir, if I don't think somebody's cut off the other end of it!' * * * THE WRITTEN ORDER, OR FORCED-MEAT BALLS'— "A noble officer, who had rendered himself by his peevish and oppressive spirit, deservedly unpopular in the navy, experi- enced, upon one occasion, the mortification of receiving from his lieutenant a refusal to be present at the usual routine-dinner given to officers by their noble captain. "His lordship being highly incensed, called upon the lieu- tenant for an explanation of the answer to the steward's in- vitation; who, as is usual, had presented the captain's com- pliments, stating his lordship would be glad of his company to dinner: to which the lieutenant had replied—'My compli- ments to the captain, I shall be glad of no such thing.' "To a personal intimation from his lordship, that he should consider it a contempt, the lieutenant bluntly replied,—'Does your lordship intend to make it a piece of service?'—'I do, sir.'—'Well, then, before I comply, I must have a written or- der.'—That you shall sir!' said his lordship; and descending into his cabin, and sending for his clerk, the order, after mature deliberation as to its official form and tenor, was at length con- cocted by their joint labours. "The lieutenant, of course, appeared in his place at dinner- time; and, contrary to the expectation of all, not only con- cealed his mortification, but assumed a more than ordinary pro- portion of complaisance and cordiality to his inferiors! studi- ously avoiding, as far as in him lay all greeting or communica- tion with his commander, who now began to experience the pains of the fiend in Eden, in witnessing a scene of hilarity, which was not only unwonted a this table, but from which, it was obvious, he was intended to be excluded. The evening, how- ever, stole apace; the customary pint had been swallowed, des- pite of the captain's dissatisfaction, who, notwithstanding the decanters were empty, gave no intimation to the attendant to replenish them. This never-failing signal for parting com- pany (though perfectly understood) was not repeated, as was expected, by the lieutenant; who, according to custom, should have intimated it was time to retire. A short interval sufficed with this spirited officer to form his determination. He rose— rang the bell—the steward appeared, and looked to the captain for his commands: the lieutenant interposed, reiterating, 'More wine! more wine!' Such an assumption of authority in his own cabin was not to be borne. The indignant captain rose to put an end at once to the state of anarchy, and unequivocally signified it was his will and pleasure to be alone. The lieutenant, without rising from his seat, addressed him with perfect sang- froid—'My lord, I am here on this service in consequence of a written order, and am resolved (though I came here against the grain) not to leave it without another.' This request was also acceded to; but will any one imagine the invitation was ever again repeated." A VOICE FROM THE DEEP.—" 'What say you, boys, a caulk or a yarn?' says one of the 'quarter-gunners,' ad- dressing indiscriminately the watch one night, as soon as they were mustered. 'Oh, let's have a yarn, as we've eight hours in,' replied one of the topmen. 'Bob Bowers will spin us a twist;' and away to the galley a group of eight or ten instantly repaired. " ' Well, boys!' says Bowers, 'let's see, what'll you have?—one of the Lee Virginney's, or the saucy Gee's? —Come, I'll give you a saucy. Gee.—Well you know, the Go-along Gee was one o' your flash Irish cruisers—the first o' your fir-built frigates—and a hell of a clipper she was! Give her a foot o' the sheet, and she'd go like a witch—but somehow o' nother, she'd bag on a bowline to leeward. Well, there was a crack set o' ships at the time on the station. Let's see, there was the Lee Revolusko- neer (the flyer, you know)—then there was the fighting Feeby—the dashing Dry'd, and one or two more o' your flash-uns; but the Gee took the shine on 'em all in reefing and furling. " 'Well, a'ter we runs out of one o' your reg'lar easterly gales, what has more live than a cat, and going for ever like a blacksmith's bellows, till it blows itself out, we meets with the tail of a westerly hurricane (one o' your sneezers, you know). Four or five of our headmost and leewardmost ships, what tasted the thick on it first, was taken aback; two was dismasted clean by the board: but the Go-along Gee was as snug as a duck in ditch, never straining as much as a rope-yarn aloft, and tight as a bot- tle below. " 'Well, howsomever, we weathers out like a 'Mudian; though we lost, to be sure, the corporal of marines over- board, as was consulting his ease in the lee-mizen chains. Well, at last we gets into your regular trades, with wind just enough for a gentleman's yacht, or to ruffle the frill of a lady's flounce; and on one o' those nights, as the convoy, you know, was cracking-on every thing low-and-aloft, looking just like a forest afloat—we keeping our station astarn on 'em all—top-sails low'r'd on the cap—the sea as smooth as Poll Potterson's tongue, and the moon as bright as her eye—shoals of beneties playing under the bows; what should I hear but a voice as was hailing the ship! Well, I never says nothing till I looks well around (for you see I'd the starboard cat-head at the time); so I waits till I hears it again when sky-larking Dick, who'd the lar- board look-out, sneaks over and says, 'Bob, I say Bob-bo, did you never nenr nothing just now?' _Well, he scarcely axeathe question, when we .hears hniling ngaiii — * Aboard the G— e, nhoy— a— ' Well, there was nothing you know, in sjulit within hail (fof.lhe st»rnrnpst ships of the convoy were, more, nor ; two .miles n-head) — so I'm d— d if Dick and myself wasn't 'puzzled a liit, for we were'nt just then in -»ld Bndgerbug'ii tr^ck; ^Well, we looks btond on the bows, and under the bows, and over the bows, nnd every where round we coiild look ; when the voice now, nearing us fastj^niid ltuiliug again, we sees something ns white ns n -lieet oh the water ! Well, I looks at Uick, nnd Dick looks at me— neither of us never saying nothing you know, at the time-— when locking ugaiti by the light of the moon, « I'm d— d,V snys,.I,/,.if it isn't the corporal' ghost !' — * I'm d — d if it isn't,' says Dick., «nd Jift he flies to innke Hie report. Well, I felt summut or so /jnerish a bit (though I says nothing to no one, you know), for 'twas only a fortnight afore the. corporal and I Had a bit of a breexe 'bout taking my pot off the fire. Well, snys the voice, « Will you heave us a rope? I don't want a boar ! was the cry.—' D — n it, ghost or no ghost,' says I, * I'll give you a rope, if it's even to hang you;' so flyintr, ysu see, to the chains,. I takes up a coil in my fist, and heaves it handsomely into his hands. WeU, I was as nuirn as a monk, till he fixes himself iii the bight of a bowling-knot ; when, looking down on his phiz, snvs f, just quietly over my breath, 'Is that Corporal Crag?' says I,—' Corporal Hell !' says he. * why don't you haul up?'— Wtll, 1 sings out for some-uu to lend us a fist (for Dick was nfeard to come forward again — and I'm blow'd but the tenftenant himself was ns shy as the jrest of the watch.) So I sin^s out again for assistance; jfor. there was the uufortunnte fellow towing alongside like a hide what was softning in soak-—' Will no one lend us a hand ?' says I, « or shall I turn the jolly adrift, and be d — d to you?' Well, this puts two o* the topmen you see, on their pluck, for both on 'em claps on the rope, and rouses clean into the chains. Now what do you think ? — ' Why the corporal's ghost to be sure,' says one of the group No, nor the sign of a gho9t— nor a ghost's mate's— nor nothing that looked like a lubberly lobster, dead or alive; but as fine a young fellow. as ever I seed in my days. For, you see, the whole on it is this:— 'twas no more nor a ehnp of an apprentice, whose master had started him that morn ; and rather nor stand it again, he takes to his fins and swims like a; fisli to .the Gee — mind ! the ttarnmost ship of the convoy! .'.though, his own was one of the head most; 'ay, arid running the risk not to fetch us, yon know, nor 'another chance to look for his life. And why ? — why ? bekase the. ship-had a name— she wax the Gee ! ! F* 