SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. On Sunday last sailed, for the Isle of France, the ship Elizabeth, Captain Collins. Same day sailed, for Batavia, the ship Albion, Captain Ralph. On Monday last the Honorable East In- dia Company's ship Research, Captain Dil- lon, resumed her voyage of discovery. Same day sailed, for Port Macquarie, the Government schooner Alligator. In our number of Friday last, we men- tioned that a genteman, lately arrived, had brought with him the gratifying intelligence that Trial by Jury, and a House of Assembly, were confidently talked of at Downing-street, as matters of course, and certain of being extended to this Colony on the expiration of the New South Wales Act, which, we feel inexpressible pleasure in stating, will expire next month. Our motive for anticipating its destruction with any thing in the shape of gratification, arises from a consciousness of the fact, that such an Actis no longer adapted to the extending and important interests of a por- tion of the globe that bids fair, at no distant day, to become in the Southern, what the present State has logs been in the Western hemisphere, the Queen of the Isles—the Empress of the Nations that surround her. We must not, however in our anxiety to get rid of the present and now nearly obso late Act, forget that we lune benetitted, to »n incalcuable extent, by its temporary and salutary existence; no-such ingratitude must not mark otu* character ; on the cou- | tvury, we are willing lo acknowledge that it I Av'ont, at one stroke, to annihilate grievances I that hud long oppressed our once groaning land, and upon its introduction to our adopted -country, with uew Admiuistntors, i new Judges, uew laws, new arrangements of «very kind, Australia assumed a complexion which was quite foreign from her under the boasted halcyon days of the justly venerated Macquarie, for, despite of every eulogium that,can be p.iid to that excellent und de- parted Chief-who is styled the " Father. «I Australia"-we possessed tiny thing, and every thing, bul liberty. Liberty ! .Who was the man, we would ask, that could Jiav« ventured to lisp such n word ? Talk of the Freedom of the Press; why the man that would have even hinted at such a pri- vilege- such a right-would have been ud jitdged guilty of the crime of treason! We trust we shall never forget nil that is due to the character of Governor Macquarie, but we remember enough of him, and of his Administration, not to bear in faithful re- collection thal he was papular merely becuuse there was no Free Press, for, if that blessing had existed under his tiovermnent, every body that can curry his recollection so far back, must remember, that as long us there mis no,semblance of opposition, so long, and no longer, would ull things go on well. We have documents upon which we can place our hands uny moment-we are in posse; sion of certain records th.it are sufficient to establish those 'facts beyond the power of uny controversialist in Austral a. We give Governor Macquarie every credit we will embalm his memory-we idolize his name-but be was, after all, li\e our- selves, one of the human family, and par- took-of the frailty of his species. His best friends, those who became rich under the wing of his pawer-his most interested adu- lators-Will candidly avow, if the question were put tothem,ihutGovernorMA('QUAR(E, with all his excellencies, would no mare have allowed public discussion to go un controuled, us it does in the present limes, than he would have permitted himself to be placed under mi tirrel, and the sceptre of Government, conunitt d to his care by His Monurch, rebelliously wrested from his grasp! Let the name of Macquarie be honoured with all those trophies which he nobly earned, but we beg of our contempo- raries, when they advert to the times in which that Rider flourished, to recollect that he had faults-and faults, too, thut have never been committed by his Successors. But we venerate the man, and we do it from our heart-disinterestedly too-which is more than many con sny in New South Wal"«-for there never was an individual received less at the hands of any Governor, than our Progenitor experienced from Go- vernor. Macquarie, and that because be could not crouch. Bit, why, some will say, mid for what leuson, do you all at once dive ilili mittori tliut'should be* buried in forget; .fulness-.why «io you remember the c.vils, nt» well ob enumerate the excellencies, of it mini that in ulm ist universally itdored ? We will attempt to answer. Because sonic of the writer» of the present day, in vilely ubusing that liberty of discussion which Macqua- rie would never have sanctioned for an in .atiint, have incautiously, mid unwisely, upon Buverul . occasions, drawn parallels between present and former times, foregoing the pru- dence of keeping in view that there is «h much difference, we insist upon it, in every respect, betwixt New South Wales then, and New South Wules huid, uh there happens to subsist betwixt "the greater light which rules the day, and the lesser light which rules the night." We are happy to hcc the characters of past Rulers properly regarded by those they leave behind ; but then no illiberal comparisons should be drawn, when the hypotheses upon which these parallels are drawn will not bear the rigid test ol' impartial scrutiny. With this explanation, therefore, we are convinced no tinlvguttcd mind will be dissatisfied or displease«), but acknowledge we only «Injustice in awarding the meed of commendation where the same is legitimately «lue. Now, then, let ns, for a few moments, return lo the New South Wales A«1!, which is in its lust gasp-looking also nt Trial by Jury, and a House of Assembly, which sub- jects we should long since have consigned to temporary oblivion, hud it not been that we never could succeed in uNcwIuiuiug that the present enlightened Administration was re- pugnant to the. latter Boon; and therefore, as we never heard any thing to the contrary, we dared, with our usual editorial boldness, to construe positive silence into something like assent-arguing from thence that the Colonial Government saw and felt that iL would be essentially and materially assisted in its labours and great responsibility, by the same popular engine which renders Britain invulnerable ,to every foe, und establishes her pre-eminence over every other nation of the universe. Sir Thomas lî iii su a ni., too, had 1 guaranteed to represent to tile Minister that I the Colony was ripe for the free Institutions of the Mother Country, anti we thought we could not wander fur from the right course in giving our humble support to the views of the (.iovKRNOR-uliuuof policy to which we have ever faithfully tulherod, though we «leny thut we ever asserted it wits " our lending fen I ture to defend every measure of the Adminis- tration ;" but wo udhere to the Representn tiveof OurSovcreign, whatever political gales may blow, and, in so doing, wo feel that we are supporting the Minister-that we are giving efficiency to the liberal views of Our King ! The very circumstance of our having invariably espoused the necessity and propriety of a House of Assembly, withqut tiny authority from the present Colonial Go vernint ut,ut once stumps falsehood-the mont gross falsehood-upon the assertion which our contemporaries clare to blaze forth in j referei.ee to our indiscreet und hot-headed loyalty, as they would term it ; but, upon a topic which eui braced the political welfare of our adopted Country--and affecting, as it does, the vital interests of our children-we dare«! to breathe forth those sentiments of patriotism, blended with the purest loyalty, which we shall never repent, so tong us this mundane system is exempt from annihilation. But, if we are correct in our information, which we believe to be to- lerably accurate, abstracted from the recent pleasing intelligence that has been com- municated to our Readers through their fu vori te columns, the Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies-that distinguished, and* enlightened, and patriotic Nobleman, Euri Bathurst-though "His Lordship viewed the tenor of the late Governor's Reply to the Address «if the County Meet- ing, by which he had committed His Majesty's Government to an extension of the CIVIL RIGHTS to thr Colonists both as injudicious and premature," in which opinion His Lord-hip might possibly be strictly correct ; yet it is clear th.it Earl Bathurst was impressed with the lively recollection of his own motto, " Tiens la foy," which, Anglicised, means" keep thy faith," by which every action of his ar- duous career demonstrates that this tincor rupt Nobleman is influenced, not to bear in mind the important fact, that Sir Thomas Brisbane, whilst the Governor of New South Wales, "HAD committed His Ma- jesty's Government to an Extension of the civil rights to the Colonists." If ever, therefore, und we really do begin to enter- tain sungttine hopes, " an Extension of Civil Rights" ¡«impiricd to the.Colony, by His Majt.bty, in the exercise of his Royul wis- dom und beneficence, we say that the name of Bathurst should be faithfully'regis- tered in every Australian heart, inasmuch as we, and our posterity, will ever huve rea- son to b'ess the day that " Keep thy faith" was the influential and propitious motto of one of th« brightest Characters, f'at ever en j oyed the post of Secretary of State for the Colonies, sim-e the first institution of such an office. In paying well-merited compli- ments, however, to ¡those a/ home, we mean in England, let us not be so ungrateful as to forget those in the Colony. His present: Excellency has not, witina the compass of our knowledge,.cxbrcMed «wish, upon any occasion, that could tend to blight the hop« of the loyal 'Colonists of New South Wales--II« has never, in a solitary instance, given.occasion to wound tht* susceptibilities ] of a certain portion of the Colonists ; but,; on the contrary, nil that we have yet beheld in the existing Administration goes to con- firm the expectation in which we fondly indulge, that it will constitute one of the brightest and most important to the Co- lonists that ever Australia has buen destined to witness. We shall therefore conclude our present remarks, which we trust will prove of some, interest in I hese barren times, when w« are languishing for the want of arrivals from K11 rope, mirely by observing, tis "an application to the subject: ...hieb we lune boon rapidly discussing, that "Homewah not iiuii.t IN A t>AY ;" neither did Sir Thomas Hhihiiane attain his splendid po- pularity immediately after his inauguration. " Ho w11« iv on I to «prnk plnin, mid In Dirt purpiiHi* ; lint now be I» «'»teemed nillup nplier, Iii» word» ure 11 very i'untiinliuiil Imntjiicl, jowl mi mini) hIiiuiih i1 dislie» " SlIAKKsrilAIIK. Tilt! Ktlitor of the (¿leaner, willi his usual infelicity, makes au attempt to be sarcastic at our cxpeiice; but his efforts prove 11 mere abortion, and betrays such palpable absur- dity that its exposure is almost, as superero- gatory tis the design is .invidious. " A kt 11 lil>oiii mid iiiu:oni|iiernble. lliiuio Creeps ¡11'lii» vein«, und drink» tbe »irenuii nf life." As silence is loo often construed into an admission of the (ruth of au assertion, anti as we do not by any means feel disposed to permit our political antagonists to suppose, even for an instant, that we are to lie di- verted from our .course by any "puny whip- ster," wti sha I vouchsafe a few remarks upon the article before us-nucluiractcrized however by that feeling of pctli.diucss under which it. was evidently indicted. The '(¿leaner admits, what the Public very well know (anti we perfectly coincide with them), that he is not " well established ;" and this, amongst other facts of equal weight, he assigns as a reason why he should receive that pecuniary support, which, by a really established Journal, would be claimed with uu ill-grace from the lihciulity of its patrons. If we are driven to the serious consideration of this subject, " the mere enforcement shall acquit tis." As a public Journalist it ¡sour imprcKcrlptivc right lo " shoot folly as it flies ;" and il a contemporary will be so qiicrchiui as to whine over a little harmless badinage, and publicly lo charge its, who have been the foremost, and at. present stand alone, in noticing his labours, with being actuated by a spirit of uukiudness, he must be content lo take the consequence of com- pelling us to depart from that line of con- duct which we have purposed to adopt witn regari! to him. That the Gleaner bo» not, sua ¡¡ponte, put forth Uta requisition which, for 'its modesty, we honoured with our regard, but that he had been urged thereto " by the kind sug- gestion of a few friends," is n circumstance which makes but little in extenuation ol' so glaring au act of presumptive folly as that of proposing lo the supporters of ajournai, just ushered " into this breath'iig world, scarce half made up, that they should pay bim in advance," as subsidiary to his sta- bility. We do uga1» aver, that " hail we ever so delicately mooted such a question, the Gazette would have met with sudden extinction ;" und yet ours i.v au established Journal ; nor would we for that reason feel at all inclined to call in question the libe- rality of our Patrons, who we think would, in sucha case, be justly warranted in desig- nating the attempt as arrogant in the ex- treme. If the (¿leaner should feel dissatis- fied with these remarks, which have been so obviously forced from us, it is himself alone that he has to blaine. We are far from en- vying bim in the enjoyment of that " public approval of his editorial labours," which constrains bim, notwithstanding, to so icit the contributions of his supporters in ad- vance, without which he is constrained to admit, albeit the aforesaid "public ap- proval," that " his humble Paper must ne- cessarily be extinguished !" It is to be regretted that the Gleaner should bo possessed by that perverseness of disposition, that captiotisncis tit trilles, which too often leads him to depart from the occa- sional soundness o! his judgment, or that he should ever be urged by the suggestions of any friends, to depart from that line of consistency which should ever distinguish the conductor ol' a public journal. Had the Gleaner considered our reiilly harmless remarks as the mere " affectation of wit," they were unworthy of the elaborate notice lie has bestowed upon them ; if, 011 the other hand, he felt their application, his wisdom would have shewn itself more in acting on the lesson they conveyed, than by the decla- matory effusion in which he rails at what he alfects to condemn, and whilst, in one line, he vaunts ol' the " public approval of his editorial labours," in its neighbour he pro- claims that it was the"pecuniary support of one individual, which cabled bim thus so far to continue his editorial career, and not to the support he derives from the liberal patronage of the Public !" In whatever light, however, our observations might have been viewed, whether as serious admonitions, or as mere " affectation of wit," we cannot retrain from remarking, that the tone of the reply speaks little for the courtesy çf its author. Wilful perversity, or ti voluntary obliquity of intellect, could alone have mis- taken the utmost drift of our remarks ; and we cannot but think the attempt, ridiculous as it is, to give vent to an effusion of spleen, arising out of disappointed hopes, is far from being calculated to raise, in the public opinion, that Editor who could have resorted to so paltry a subterfuge to unfold a weak, and in fact untenable position. If the Edi- tor of tint Gleaner, upon perusing this ar- ticle, still charges us with "illogical de- ductions," und puerile conceits, " we must have patience to endure the loud ;" hut let him at least forbear adverting to "the still small voice within." But too many, we fear, use I "Coniicicnceu their rain; th«y live by purling willi li ¡ i And lliink lli.il lie thrives beat who Ima Hie mint lo»]) are." All allusions, therefore, to conscience, we cannot bul consider bad taste ; mid little calculated to advance t'he conduct of those I who can find no other argument to sustain n j tottering position, but who, with all their ; reverence for its dictates, [ " No'er iel ¡1 up to fright tliemiclre»." LA PEROUSE.—The interest excited by Captain Dillon's present voyage insearch of this immortal Navigator, is of no ordi- nary kind. It appears that Capt. Dillon has in his suite a Prussian, of the name of Martin Buchert, who was for some time a resident in the Sandwich Islands, the scene of the Research's destination, who is also a very intelligent man. We shall be all expectation until the return of Captain Dillon, which we understand may take place in 4 or 5 months. The long residence of Martin Buchert on the island, it is said, made him intimately acquainted with the customs of the Malicolans, and as his account may be viewed as accurate and attractive, we are of opinion that there can- not be any great risk in amplifying upon so interesting a theme. Captain Dillon was anxious to glean all the particulars he could concerning the Malicolans, and he closely questioned the Tucopians about them. The people of Tucopia asserted that their neighbours were not cannibals; that when an enemy falls into their hands, he is immediately killed: his body is then deposited in sea water, and kept there until the bones are perfectly bare. The skeleton is then taken up, the bones of the extremities scraped and cut into various forms to point arrows and spears. The arms of the Malicolans consist of heavy clubs, spears, and bows and arrows; they poison the latter with a kind of reddish gum, extruded from a species of tree pecu- liar to the Malicolos; when a man is wounded by a poisoned arrow in the limbs, the part is quickly cut out, and his life is sometimes saved: but if the wound happens to be in the body, where it cannot easily be excised, he resigns himself quietly to death without complaint, though he frequently lingers for four or five days in the most excruciating agony. The Malicolans differ from almost all the other Islanders in the South Sea: they are as black as negroes, with their slant, woolly hair too, and resemble them in their features: their religion also is different. The people of Tucopiu informed Captain Dil- lon, thal in every village in the Malicolos there is a house dedicattd to the Deity. At the principal chapel the skulls of all the people who were killed belonging to the ship that grounded at Whanoo are still pre- served : The people of Tueopia, unaccus- tomed to the st", lit of human hones, avoided au much as possible going nimr the sacred house where the skulls had been ollcrcd, «luring their stay on the island. The TucopiaiiH themselves are au ex- tremely mild and luoll'eusivc race, hospitable ami generous, as lla.'ir reception of Buchert and a Lascar sufficiently proves. They never had direct communication with any ship before the Hunter in 1813, but they said that a very long time before theappear auce of the Hunter, a ship, the first they had ever seen, caine in s'ght of the island, which they imagined contained evil spirits, coining to destroy them. A boat was lowered «lown from the ship which approached the shore, but they assembled in lull fire«: lo oppose the landing, and brandished their weapons : the people in the boat tntule several attempts to land, but without effect, and returned to the r-hip, which immediately. got initier weigh, and was soon out of sight to. the great joy of the Tiuopiuns. Captain Dil- lon supposes that, this ship was the Harwell, in 1798. Some years afterwards a canoe, and four men, was drifted to Tueopia from Hotuma or the Grenville Island of the Pandora, a distance of 4(>0 miles: these visitors were informed of the appearance of the vessel with evil spirits, but the Kotu niaus undeceived thuin, and told them that they had frcipicntly such visits, in Rotuuia, and that far from driving them away, they should have welcomed them, as instead of evil spirits the people on hoird were gofitl men from a «listant country who would give them cutlery and beads: the Munter was the next ycssel that caine in sight of Tueopia, und they'were very glad when they saw her. Some 'of the custuns of the Tucopiaus are very singular. Captain Dillon was sur prised at the cumber ol' females on Tueopia, as it was at least treble that of the males : upon inquiry he found that all the male children, except the two eldest, arc stran- gled the moment alter their birth. The reason they assign for this cruel policy is, that if they were allowed to live, the popu- lation of their little island is so dense that its produce coultl not support them all. Tueopia is only seven miles in circum- ference, but the soil is very luxuriant, yet there generally is a scarcity of provisions. They live chiefly on vegetable food, having neither hogs nor poultry, which are both so plentiful on the other islands. They tit one time had both, but they were voted common nuisances, and exterminate«!, by general consent : the hogs destroyed their planta- tions of yams, sweet potatoes, tara, and banaii.is : these and the bread fruit and cocoa nuts, with fish, ure what they subsist on, but owing to the deep water round the island fish is by no means plentiful. Buchert com- plained much of the forced abstemiousness of his fare. For the first eli von years of his stay at Tueopia, he never tasted animal food, except now and then a little fish. An English winder, which touched then;, about a year before the St. Patrick, supplied, him with two or three feasts of pork after his long fast, which it will readily be believed he relished exceedingly. The island is governed by one princi- pal Chief, with several petty ones, who act us Magistrates: they live very peaceably, and never have any wars among themselves or willi their neighbours : this probably may be attributed to their Pythagorean diet. But it does not restrain an intuitive propen- sity for thieving, and though the punish- ment in case of detection is very severe, the lower classes often rob each other's gardens and plantations. If the thief is caught, he is carried before one of the chiefs and if convicted, his property and ground are for- feited to the individual he bus robbed. . A plurality of wives is allowed ; the marriage ceremony is curious. When a mun wishes to take n wife, he first politely consults the lady he has placed hisullcctions on, and if she consents, and her parents agree, he sends three or four of his malt friends to take her away by force,* ns it were. He then, sends presents of mata and . This ¡s »colly similar to tlic Pcrsmn custom. provisions to Um relation» of th« bridcj and invites them to a feast at his house, flitch o usually lasts for two particular as to the faithfulness of married b women ; if caught sinning, she and her J inamorato are put to death hy the husband t or Ins friends. There is no restituât placed s on the inclinations ol single females tit nil. I r. Widows ate not permitted lo take a second I husband. When a child is born, the female friends of the father and mother assemble, anti bring presents to th" nouvelle accouchée : all the female children are allomcd to live. When a native dies, his friends come lo his house and with much ceremony roll bim carefully np in a new mat, and htiry bim in a deep hole prepared near his dwelling. It is a very curious, and lo those who dis- believe in the re- appearance of departed spirits, an unaccountable fact, that the be 1,: j lief is universal among the inhabitants of if the South Sen Islands, ami they surely re ,1'viild not. have imbibed the idea from the to old world. In Tucopia, ti i ere is a large is building, called in their luuguage " Tlie id Spirit Mouse," set. apait for the use of dis e. embodi'.'d spirits: they are supposed to re- if side in Ibis building ; on the approach of is bad weather and thunder and lightning, Iwliich alarm the ¡slanders cxtiemelv, they if Hock to the Spirit. House, ami ivinain (here t ; while (he storm continues, making offerings 'li of Kava root, coco,i-nuts, and other eatables, i- I riley imagine the storm is caused by the presiding spiiil, wbo, when he is displeased, goes 1o the top of the highest land in the island and manifests his wrath by raising ti tempest. When he is appeased by the offerings he returns lo the " (lull of Ghosts." Their mode of cooking is common we believe to almost all Imrharous nations. A circular hole is made in the earth, about one foot in depth and three in diameter. Into this hole they put a quantity of lire-wood, and when it is pretty well burnt, (brow on it a number of small black stones, about a (juarter of a pound in weight. These soon become ntl hot, and as the linwood is cou sniiied they fall into the excavation, are levelled over the lower part and sides, ami covered neatly with green leaves or grass not. apt lo eateb fire: on these again are placed, the yunis, bread fruit, sw or whatever is to be cooked ; three or four tier of leaves ¡ire pul over the food, and the now earth dug out. of the whole is thrown overall, anti well beal down, anti smoothed willi a paddle, so as to prevent a parti ide of heat'escaping. In about au hour the clay is scraped oil'and the provision" come out nicely baked anti remarkably clean. The inhabitants of each house, have au oven of this sort, prepared every evening, ami at sun-set make a hearty mea] ) if there is any thing left, it. is reserved for the next morn- ing's breakfast-if there be nothing they make a very slender breakfast on a cocoa- nut or a few plantains. The TucopiaiiH arc of a bright, copper colour and use the betel nut and chunum. They resemble the inhabitants of Tougata boo in stn)ure anti colour, und also those of Auuto, the Cherry Island of the Pundura : they ure exceedingly clean in their persons, and bathe several times in the day, in fine, clear, fresh-water rivulets, of which there arc many in the-islam!. There altin is one frcsh-watcr lake on the south sid.; of the island, of gieat depth, on which there are. generally many wibi fowl. Tun only era fe the Tucopians have, ars small canoes that will not carry more than six men in a sea-way ; they contine their voyages lo Auuto Island, about sixty miles to windward, and Mulicclo, about sixty to leeward. During the mouths of December, January, February, and March, the North West wind prevails at Tucopa, with heavy rains, thunder, and lightning. This, Captain Dillon supposes lo be N. W. monsoon, which prevails in the Uanda seas tim in» the same months: it blows with great violence. Our Readers will perceive, on looking into our front page, that William Lithgow, Esq. who was Private Secretary to Sir Thomas Brisbane, during the fatal illness of the late Major Ovens, is now re-appointcd to that office, vice Colonel Dumaresq, whose temporary absence from the Colony we noticed in our last. Stewart Ryrie, Esq. succeeds Mr. Lithgow as Colonial Auditor. Both these appointments will give public satisfaction. There's a very interesting report some- where in our Policeana, wherein a Mr. Tom- lins, and a poor prisoner boy, are the actors. It is such instances as these that render many a prisoner more wretched than the Colonial Government ever contemplated, and Captain Rossi was most anxious to suppress these crying grievances, in which we are glad to see Dr. Dulhunty so laudably imitating his indefatigable Predecessor. We must confess our surprise how it came to pass, under all the circumstances of the case, which we suppressed from motives of delicacy towards Mr. Tomlins before, that he should have contrived to get the same unfortunate youth into his employ, when Captain Rossi felt it his bounden duty upon a former occasion, to direct his return to Government. We are satisfied thit the Governor will see that prisoners are pro- tected and used properly, and support the Magistrates in meting out justice to them as well as their masters. Assigned servants should be clothed, bedded, and fed by their employers, or else the latter should go with- out servants. We regret that a certain letter, which appears in our columns of to-day, did not reach us before Sunday evening, at 9 o'clock, as it then came to hand too late. We allude to that under the signature of Spectemur agendo. However, late as it is in the day, we still hope the hint will not go unimproved, though we cannot help remarking that the writer is under a mistake concerning the Sydney Gazette, since we " energetically pressed upon the friends " of the Gentleman alluded to, long before either the Gleaner or the Australian did ; but of this we should have made no boast, were it not that we have never yet proved second in promoting objects that went to embrace the welfare of individuals, or of society in general. A man named John Cooper Briggs, free, was yesterday fully committed to take his trial, for horse stealing. We briefly noticed in our last, the result of the second trial of John Bowling for per- jury, a result which no person who heard the summing-up of His HONOR the Chief Justice, could possibly have anticipated, though we have no desire to impugn the con- scientious verdict of the Jury. The circum- stances of the case have been already fully before our readers. The charge of perjury arose out of evidence given for the plaintiff, in an action of trover, for the recovery of a horse, brought by Mr Samuel Terry, as exe- cutor of the late John Rickerby, deceased, against W Lawson, Esq. Upon the trial of this cause, Bowling was examined as a wit- nes for the plaintiff, in whose favour a ver- dict was obtained. The testimony of Bow- ling was most material as regarded the issue, and a criminal information, charging him with perjury, was applied for and obtained. 'I'lie trial look place before Mr JUSTICE STEPHEN, and in that case also, contrary to the evident leaning of the Judge, a verdict of Guilty was recorded. A new trial was ap- plied for, on various grounds, when His HONOR the Chief Justice, who sat during the argument on the motion, in granting the application observed that even had a new trial been applied for, he, as well as the learned Judge who sat on the former investigation would, upon the evidence adduced, have deemed it their duty to recommend the de- fendant a free pardon. The result of his second trial, we have already stated. The investigation lasted two days and if we Imay be allowed to express an opinion, if ever there was a case which was calculated, at least, to raise a serious doubt,as to the guilt of the accused, it was that one. Nearly the whole of the evidence for the prosecution rested on the most uncertain of all criteria, namely, a recollection of dates, at the distance of nearly eleven years, and except in one solitary iustance, unmarked by any cir- cumstances calculated to impess the remem- brance of a particular period on the mind, Mr Wentworth, for the prosecutin, stated the case to he one of the clearest perjury he had ever known, but found it necessary, not- withstanding, to occupy about four or five hours between his opening address, and his observations on the évidence, in order to bring the Jury to look at it in the same light. We do say, that none who were present at the trial, who heard the charge of His Honor the Chief Justice to the Jury, could have possibly anticipated such a result. One hundred to one would have been given on the issue, five minutes before the delivery of the verdict. The defendant is to be brought up for judge- ment to-day. The sale at Point Piper, which commenced on Monday last, we understand, has been well attended. The property has gone off, and is going, at very extravagant prices, with which fact we feel assured not a Colonist will be sorry. We understand that a regulation is about to be adopted, whereby, when assigned pri- soners of the Crown, male or female, are permitted to marry, their respective masters or mistresses shall be required to enter into a bond that they shall not become pests to the Police! Dr. Dulhunty has publicly declared his intention to deal most rigorously with all assigned prisoners of the Crown, who shall be brought forward by their masters, on any well-grounded complaint. The sales at Point Piper, on Monday, amounted to somewhere about £1300. Mr. William Wells, late Secretary to the Society for the suppression of illicit grog vending, was yesterday fined in the penalty of £25 sterling with costs, for selling spirits without licence ! A Mr. Elliott complained yesterday, to the Superintendent of Police, of a man who had obtained property from him to the amount of £4 or £5, and of giving a false order for the amount. A warrant was granted for the apprehension of the supposed swindler. 