PARLIAMENT - there are many persons in this busy country who wish to know when any useful discussions have taken place in Parliament, and who cannot afford the risk of losing valuable time by wading through reports which may present nothing to repay the trouble of perusal. For the guidance of these individuals we may suggest two general rules, which will we think seldom mislead them: WHEN the reader sees a long debate in the newspa- pers, let him turn to the names at the beginning of the speeches, and if he observes that they are principally those of distinguished men, especially the Opposition such as Brougham, Tierney,* Macintosh, &c;, he may safely conclude that the subject discussed was one of no kind of concern to the community, or at least that it involved no point of immediate advantage to the public or of that vulgar utility which it is deemed beneath the parts of our great Parliamentary leaders to promote. Our second rule is the exact opposite of the first. When the reader sees a debate in the papers, and ob- serves that the speakers are men by no means eminent for wit or oratory, and whose names carry no weight with them, unless it be the homely weight of mere common honesty, he may infer that the matter canvassed was very probably one of real interest, and that the object in view is one of substantial and immediate bene- fit to the country; such persons, not being rhetoricians or men of fancy, cannot speak on a subject unless it is intrinsically of an importance to challenge discussion, and they have something to say on it. These rules are founded on experience, and the justness of them may be ascertained, either by daily observation or by reference to the pages of Parliamentary History. Among legislators, as in society, there is a superior class, an order of fine gentlemen, whose station renders idleness a point. of propriety, and who leave the work of the House to their inferiors. It would be beneath them to apply themselves to anything useful; their province is the come forth in all the bravery of oratory on gala days, and feeling the force of the proverb "that too much familiarity breeds contempt," they re- serves their displays for these grand scenes for "the review days," as Lord Castlereagh, of blessed memory, called them, "When they march up hill and then march down again." The occasion of these words, as the preachers say, is the business of the last week in the House of Commons. Several discussions, if not interesting in the novel reader's sense of the word, yet concerning our interests, have taken place in Parliament, and not one of our dignified leading champions has thought it worth while to take part in them. The subjects have, to be sure, been home ones, have come close to us, and our great guns do not waste themselves on such easy marks; they reserve themselves for long shots, and their loftier ambition would lead them, as it were, to make a target of the moon. Mr. Brougham, indeed, spoke on Monday, and the occasion was one of those which seldom fails to call forth the voice of Oppositions— Opposition, do we term it?—it is not the Opposition, it is rather counter-point, it is a bass to a treble; a glad harmony. The occasion to which we allude, was an opportunity for the expression of loyalty, for "his Majesty's Opposition to evince how deeply they are penetrated with attachment to his Majesty's person, and all that belong to him, his man servant and his maid servant, his his ox and his ass, and the stranger within his gates"—it was without more preface, an Address of Condolence to his Majesty on the death of the Duke of York, an event which has, by all accounts, plunged this great nation into a depth of affliction the like of which is not to be found in the history of human sorrow. Both Lord Liverpool and Mr. Peel so well calculated the dis- position to flummery, that they prudently rather un- der-acted their own parts as Royal panegyrists, wisely foreseeing, that what they left undone would be more than completed by some of the gentlemen on the other side. In this they were not disappointed. Mr. Brougham, if we are to believe the newspapers reports, having concurred in theeulogy of Mr. Peel stated further, that " it was no small praise of his Royal-Highness, the late Commander-in- Chief, that of him it might be said WITH THE MOST PERFECT REGARD TO TRUTH, that during the long period of time he held his high office, he had never suffered political considerations to interfere with the dis- posal of his patronage!! — "Had we not better say nothing about honour?" observes Lady Teazle, when Joseph Surface is recommending her to cuckold her husband on that principle. "Had we not better say, nothing * Wn have our doubts whether we ought to instance the name of Tierney. Mr. Tierney claims the exemption of age from ser- vice, and notwithstanding his years, the veteran has often been at his post, making a stand in our common cause, when younger men have failed us us. Mr. Tierney spoke admirably on the Kenrick business, for example, when the other Opposition leaders, to their shame, were silent. The occasions that provoke him to exertion are, however, rare, and it may be asked whether a member confessedly unequal to the active duties of the House ought to fill a seat in the House. This is a question which we should find it a difficult to answer in the case of Mr. Tierney, for our judgement is pleased by a grateful recollection of the enjoyment we have had in listening to this pleasant every wit, and shrewd, but always gen- tlemanly sarscasm. He is an orator what Sydney Smith is as a writer—perhaps better. As he is essentially a party man, we cannot estimate him very highly as a statesman, or an advocate of popular rights, but we have somewhat of the same kind of love for him, that we have for a public performer who has for years ministered to our delight. about truth? would have been as pointed a query from Mr. Brougham's better genius, when he introduced that sacred name, into his monstrous and notoriously false propositions. It is however, we believe, the custom with panegyrists of obituaries, to usher in the more re- markable falsehood with an, "of him it may be truly said," and by the use of this set-form of undertaker-like doleful fiction, Mr. Brougham may have intended to in- sinuate the true value of the praise. Many bad men must of necessity have lived since the days of Adam, but were we to believe tomb-stones, obituaries, and authors of condolences, not only has no bad man died since the beginning of things, but none except the most perfect of beings has given up the ghost. To re- turn however to the assertion of Mr. Brougham, so consistent, with the most perfect regard to truth. While we have stated that political influence had its sway to an injurious extent in the Patronage of the Army under the late Duke of York, we have ourselves avowed our per- suasion, that beyond its sphere he was disposed to be just. These positions, we believe, will not be denied, by any unbiassed persons conversant with the affairs of the Army. There was an influence above the Duke of York which the Duke of York was compelled to obey, and which influence was exerted with a view to political objects; it is therefore monstrous to affirm that "po litical considerations" did not interfere with his patron- age. The same power which removed Sir Robert Wilson from the Army, made itself felt in the promotions. It might have been the Duke's disposition to resist such influence! we have declared our opinion that he was little, if at all, personally actuated by political feelings in his official character, but it is untrue that his admin- istration was untainted with the common vice of our system. Political connections secured promotion. So much for Mr. Brougham's statement. Lord Liverpool, in eloge on the Duke in the House of Lords, adopted a saying of the Times newspaper (a circumstance which has exceedingly gratified our Contemporary) that his Royal Highness "never broke a promise, or deserted a friend." The first is rather doubtful praise. The merit of never breaking a promise must depend on the pro- mises which a man makes. The Duke unfortunately pledged himself, made apromise to his God, never to change his opinions on the Catholic question, that is, in our judgment to refuse justice to some Millions of peo- ple. Can the person who made so rash a pledge be praised for his rigid adherence to his promises? THE NAVY estimates were brought before the House of Commons on Monday, and some facts stated in the debate on them, must needs puzzle those who are anxious to learn the secret of our maritime superiority. Sir J. Yorke having observed on the absurdity of con- verting brigs into ships, by the simple process of step- ing a third mast in them—which is as if we should endeavour to turn a wheelbarrow into a curricle by putting another wheel to it—Sir G. Cockburn, in reply, said that these were brigs of 400 tons, and consequently so large as brigs, that they were almost unserviceable, and therefore they were converted into ships, at of course an increased expense. One question only sug- gests itself here—Why were the brigs built, of so un- serviceable a size? Had any one at the time objected to the construction of brigs of 400 tons, Sir George Cockburn would have sprung on his legs, and protested, that of all conceivable sizes for brigs, that of 400 tons was the most convenient, and that none but factious Demagogues and discontented Radicals would question the fact. It is an excellent plan, however, to build a vessel first as one thing, and then, when it is found unfit for service, to convert it into another; for by this arrangement we have two jobs for one, and every body knows what good things jobs are. There is also, it appears, in the Navy, an admirable method of building frigates, simply by means of cutting down two and three deckers,—a brilliant and economical idea, ob- viously borrowed from the ingenious artist who taught people how to make many pairs of shoes in a wonder- fully, short time, by cutting off the legs, or to speak nautically, upper works of boots. lN the course of the week, Mr Hume moved for some papers in the case of Colonel Bradley. If any thing were wanting to convince us that there is some- thing wrong, and extraordinary in this affair, it would be supplied by the natural inference to be drawn from the uncommon irritability evinced by Lord Palmerston whenever the matter is agitated. When the Fox, in Gay's fable, takes huff without adequate provocation, the Dog sagaciously observes, "Sirrah, 'tis conscience makes you squeak." On Wednesday night, is Lordship, in default, we imagine, of an argument, resorted to the bullying system, asked Mr Hume whether he meant to be personal in his observations ? If Mr. Hume were a fighting man, which he is not,—if Mr. Hume were a Mr. Martin of Galway, a Professor of Humanity and Pistolling,-we should not admire the spirit of the Gentleman who in the House of Commons asked him if he meant to be personal; in other words whe- ther he intended an insult; which if intended could never be attended with any consequences after notice in that House. If Lord Palmerston had any thoughts of a duel, he should have reserved this question for the Lobby, or for some place where a Speaker who can issue warrants could not overhear him, and where there might not be 300 auditors pledged to stand between him and his heroic purpose. If Lord Palmerston had no thoughts of a duel, we are at loss to conceive the tendency of his question, though we conclude that the ladies his acquaintance may think the better of him for the air of resolution, and language ominous of an affair, with which he pressed Mr. Hume. It is not ob- vious, however that Mr. Hume is not a duellist; he has devoted himself to the service of the public, and will not, when engaged in such a work, allow his body to be made a mark of by every man who aims at promotion. When Mirabeau first became obnoxious to the French Court, he was insulted by every coxcomb or jackanapes who courted Royal favour. Having once been grossly affronted in public by a young Officer, he told the story in the National Assembly, and produced 138 challenges which he had received. "This," said he "makes the 138th, but I cannot do the prior applicants the injustice of passing them over in favour of this gentleman, and I have not now leisure to go regularly through the list, they must therefore for the present all excuse me. When I have acquitted myself of my public duties, I may per- haps attend to them." Mr. Hume has come to the same conclusion for the same reason, and this being notoriously the case, we do not see the valour of pressing him in a large assembly, and before a peace-compelling authority with the queries that, as the slang phrase goes, smell of gunpowder. Quarrelling in the House of Commons is worse than quarrelling before Ladies—that is, it is safer. Lord Palmerston, we make no doubt, is a man of spirit, but really he has acted very foolishly in this affair; and by assuming the bullying air, has completely disguised the bearing of a man of true gallantry, and lost sight of his most obvious rules of conduct.—(Weekly Paper, Feb. 15). 