A NEW-MARRIED COUPLE. There is no pleasanter country sound than that of a peal of village bells, as they come vibrating through the air, giving token of marriage and merriment ; nor ever was that pleasant sound more welcome than on a still foggy gloomy November morning, when all na- tur stood as if at pause ; the large drops hanging on the thatch without falling ; the leaves dangling on the trees ; the birds mute and motionless on the boughs ; tur- keys, children, geese and pigs unnaturally silent ; the whole world quiet and melancholy as some of the en- chanted places in the Arabian tales. That merry peal seemed at once to break the spell, and to awaken sound, and life, and motion. It had a peculiar wel- come too, us stirring up one of the most active passions in woman or in man, and rousing the rational part of creation from the torpor induced by the season and the weather at the thrilling touch of curiosity. Never was a completer puzzle. Nobody in our village had heard that a wedding was expected ; no unaccustomed conveyance, from a coach to a wheel-barrow, had been observed passing up the vicarage lane ; no bans had been published in church—no marriage of gentility ; that is to say, of license, talked of, or thought of ; none of our village beaux had been seen, as village beaux are apt to be on such occasions, smirking and fidgetty ; none of our village belles ashamed and sly. It was a most animating puzzle ; and regardless of the weather, half the gossips in the street—in other words, half the inhabitants—gathered together in knots and clusters, to discuss flirtations and calculate possibilities. Still the peals rang merrily on, and still the pleasant game of guessing continued, until the appearance of a well-known, but most unsuspected equipage, de- scending the hill from the church, and showing dimly through the fog the most unequivocal signs of bridal finery, supplied exactly the solution which all riddles ought to have, adding a grand climax of amazement to the previous suspense—the new-married couple being precisely the two most unlikely persons to com- mit matrimony in the whole neighbourhood ; the only two whose names had never come in question during the discussion, both bride and bridegroom having been long considered the most confirmed and resolute old maid and bachelor to be found in the country side. Master Jacob Frost is an itinerant chapman, some- where on the wrong side of sixty, who traverses the counties of Hants, Berks, and Oxon, with a noisy lumbering cart full of panniers, containing the he- terogeneous commodities of fruit and fish, driving during the summer a regular and profitable barter be- tween the coast on one side of us and the cherry country on the other. We who live about midway be- tween these two extreme points of his peregrination, have the benefit of both kinds of merchandize going and coming ; and there is not a man, woman, or child, in the parish, who does not know Master Frost's heary cart and old grey mare half a mile off as well as the stentorian cry of " Cherries, crabs, and salmon," sometimes pickled and sometimes fresh, with which he makes the common and village re-echo ; for, with an indefatigable perseverance, he cries his goods along the whole line of road, picking up customers where a man of less experience would despair, and so used to utter those sounds whilst marching beside his rumb- ling equipage, that it would not be at all surprising if he were to cry " Cherries—salmon ! salmon— cherries ! " in his sleep. As to fatigue, that is entirely out of the question. Jacob is a man of iron ; a tall, lean, gaunt figure, all bone and sinew, constantly clad in a light brown jacket, with breeches to match, long leather gaiters, and a leather cap ; his face and hair tanned by constant exposure to the weather into a tint so nearly resembling his vestments that he looks all of a colour, like the statue ghost in Don Giovanni, although the hue be different from that renowned spectre—Jacob being a brown man. Perhaps Master Peter in Don Quixoite, him of the spe and the chamcy doublet, were the apter comperison ; or, with all re- verence be it spoken, the ape himself. His visage is spare, and lean, and saturnine, enlivened by a slight cast in the dexter eye, and diversified by a partial loss of his teeth, all those on the left hand having been knocked out by a cricket-ball, which, aided by the before mentioned obliquity of vision, gives a peculiar one-sided expression to his physiognomy. His tongue is well hung and oily, as suits his vo- cation. No better man at a bargain than Master Frost ; he would persuade you that brill was turbot, and that black cherries were Maydukes ; and yet, to be an itinerant vender of fish, the rogue hath a consciense. Try to bate him down, and he cheats you without scruple or mercy ; but put him on his honour, and he shall deal as fairly with you as the honestest man in Billingsgate. Neither doth he ever impose on children, with whom, in the matter of shrimps, peri- winkles, nuts and apples, and such boyish ware, he hath frequent traffic. He is liberal to the urchins ; and I have sometimes been amused to see the Wal Tyler and Robin Hood kind of spirit with which he will fling to some wistful penniless brat, the identical handful of cherries which, at the risk of his character and his customer, he hath cribbed from the scales, when weighing out a long contested bargain wiht some clamorous housewife. Also he is an approved judge and devoted lover of country sports ; attends all pony-races, donkey-races, wrestling, and cricket-matches, an amateur and ar- biter of the very first water. At every revel or May- ing within six miles of his beat, may Master Frost be seen, pretending to the world, and doubtless to his own conscience, (for of all lies those that one tells to that stern monitor are the most frequent,) that he is only there in the way of business ; whilst in reality the cart, and the old white mare, who perfectly un- derstands the affair, may generally be found in happy quietude under some shady hedge ; whilst a black sheep-dog, his constant and trusty follower, keeps guard over the pauniers, Master Frost himself being seated in full state amidst the thickest of the throng, gravest of umpires, most impartial and learnedd of referees, utterly oblivious of cart and horse, panniers and sheep- dog. The veriest old woman that ever stood before a stall, or carried a fruit basket, would heat over shrewd merchant out of the field on such a day as that ; he hath not even time to bestow a dole on his usual pensioners the children. Unprofitable days to him, of a surety, so far as blameless pleasure can be called unprofitable ; but it is worth something to a spectator to behold him in his glory, to see the earnest gravity, the solemn importance with which he will ponder the rival claims of two runners tied in sacks, or two grinners through a horse-collar. Such were the Imbin, the business, and the amuse- ment« of our old acquaintance, Master Frost. Home he lind none, nor family, save the old sheep- dog and the old gi ey horse, who lived like himself, on the rond, for it was his frequent boa^l that he never entered a bouse, but ate, drunk, and slept in the cart, his only dwellintf-plnce. Who would ever have dreamt of Jacob's marrying! And yet he tt is that ha» just driven down the vicarage lane, seated in, not walking j beside, that rumbling conveyance, the mare and the * sheep-dog decked in white satin favours, already somewhat soiled, and wondering ¡ii their own finery ; himself adorned in a new suit pf brown exactly of the old cul, adding by a smirk nnd a wink to the usual knowiiigness of his squinting visage. There he goes, a' happy bridegioom, perceiving and enjoying the wonder that lie'has caused, and chuckling over it in low whispers to his fair bride, whose marriage seems to the puzzted villagers mure astonishing still. ? In one corner of an irregular and solitary green, cnitiinuuicutiug by intricate and seldom-trodden lanes with a linig chain of commons, stands a Ibntched and whitewashed cottage, whose little dovecot windows, high chimneys, and honey-suckled porch, stand out picturesquely from a .richly-wooded back ground; whilst a magnificent yew-tree, and & clear bright pond on one side of the bouse, and a clump of borse cliesnuts overhanging some weather-stained o til- ba J lings on fhe'olher, form altogether au assemblage of objects i|iut would tempt the pencil of a landscape pain.er, if ever painter could- penetrate toa nook so utterly obscure. There ia no road teros* the green,' but a welj-lioilden footpath leads to the door of the J. dwelling,, which the sign of a' Rell suspended from the yew-tree, and a board over the door announcing "Hester Hewitt's home- brewed Beer," denote lo be a small public-house. Every body is surprised to see even the humblest village hostel in such a situation ; but the Bell is in reality a house of great resort, not-only on aeconnt of Hester's home-brewed, which is said to be ibe best ale in the country, but because, in point of fact, that apparently lonely end trackless common is the very highroad of the drovers'who come* from different o> I points of the west to the great mart, London« Seldom L wnuld that green lie found without a flack of Weh.li n ' slWpj fool-sore, and weary, and yet templed into grnziuif hy the short fine gras« dispersed o'er its _ . surface; or a drove of gaunt Irish pigs sleeping in a i corner, ' tir a score of Devomdiire cows straggling j in all directions, picking the long grass from the surrounding ditches; whilst dog and man, shepherd and ir&éí.m'mU he lee.» balk ¡«4» ¡j» tL« tun. hetor» ths i porch, *r»trelchfd on the sítiles by ida fire, uncording I loth« m esther and »lie sentón. I The damsel who, insisted by nil old CheWa pen iintie$'rniuui » leg, mid followed hy s lillie »turned red-'ritjjred parish girl und.« Iiiiire tabby cn», pienided over tilla flouiishitig iui||lelty, wak a tpiiiiter ol »owe fifty ycart Handing, willi.¿'reputation ?? uptight a« her pr i tau; a woman of slow tperch and coil dr. meammr, nest, prim, precise, and ordeily, »lili', ?lurched aud »tiail-laced as any maiden geiitlewoaiun within a hundred uiitri. lu her youth »he uiust have been handsome; ¿van. now, abstract the-exceeding primness, the ptirsed-ùp mouth, aud the bull upright carriage, and Hester ii far from uncomely, for her complexion if delicate, and her features aie regular. And Hester, beside» her comeliness and her good ule, is well to do io the- world, ha» í louey in I he stocks, ?ome seventy pounds, a fortune in furniture, feather- bed», nmltrasies, tables, press«. and chun» of shining walnut-tree, to »ay nothing of u »tore of home-spun linen, and the uuiied wardrobe« of three maiden aunts. A wealthy damsel wus Hester, and her tuitois must probably hare exceeded in number and bo'dues» those of any lady in the land. WeUb droveis, Scotch pedlars, shepherd' from Salisbury-plain, and pig drivei* from Ireland-ull these bud she resisted for fivc-and-tlurty jeurt, determined to live und die " in single blessediif**," and "leave the woild no copy." And she it it whom Jacob ha» won, from Scotchman and Irishman, pig»deuler und shepherd, she who now silt al his side in sober finery, a demure and hlushinu bride! Who would ever hnve thought of Hester's marrying ! And when can the wooing hare been? And how will they go on together? Will Master Frost still travel the country, or will he sink quietly into the landloid of the Bell? And was the mntcli for love or for money ? And what will become of the lame ostler? And bow will Jacob's sheep-dog agree willi Heilet'« cut? These, und a thousand inch, an1 the quotums ol the village, whilst the bells ring merrily, aud the u*w-uiarr¡cd couple wend peaceably home. Monthly Magazins. 