Supreme Criminal Court TUESDAY, FEB. 2, 1827 George Worral was indicted for the wil- ful murder of Frederick Fisher, at Camp- bell Town, on the 16th day of June last. Guilty. Ordered for execution on Monday next. The lateness of the hour, the trial not having terminated until six o'clock in the evening, prevents our publishing a detailed report, which will appear in our next. About nine o'clock, on Thursday evening last, the keep of a padlock on the gateway of the premises of Mr. Chisholm, was found wrenched off, though it had been locked a short sime before, the gate open, and a man on the premises, who had been employed by Mr. Chisholm during the day. As the man seemed to be much confused, and could give no satisfactory account of him- self, he was taken into custody. On Thursday evening three men, and another named Sloane, entered the house of a Mr. Hodges, a publican, and called for some beer to drink. Seven or eight soldiers were drinking there at the time, with whom, shortly after, Sloane and his companions thought fit to interfere and quarrel ; this re- quired the interference of the publican, who ordered the offenders out of his house. Sloane, however, not being in the least dis- posed to be submissive, struck Hodges in the face, whereupon he called for assistance, and turned the four men out. Some time after, the soldiers went away, but had scarcely proceeded into the street, when they were assailed by some ruffians, knocked down, beat and kicked in the most cruel manner, whereupon the landlord of the public house, shouted to the delinquents to desist, or he would have them all brought be- fore the police in the morning. This menace had some effect on the assailants, and the sol- diers effected a retreat into the house they had just left, where the landlord desired them to remain till he could disperse the mob collected outside. When this was done, and all seemed quiet, the soldiers again walked away. They had not been long gone, when Hodges heard a sound as of a heavy blow ; at this moment, Sloane ran up to him, and exclaimed there was a man killed ; this induced him to go out, and he found a soldier lying apparently dead upon the street, whereupon he put Sloane into custody. Another serious affray took place the same evening between some constables and sol- diers, in which three of the former were wounded with bayonets ; one dangerously in the groin, another severely in the head, and the third slightly. Chapman, however, after opposing his cutlass to the bayonets of two of the soldiers, succeeded in dispersing them, having secured a cap and one of their bayonets. The affair is undergoing inves- tigation before the Police. We hear that one of the soldiers has had his jaw nearly broke, and that it was found necessary to carry him to the military hospital. ANECDOTE OF GENERAL BERNIER. When Bernier was made prisoner at the battle of Vimeira, he was rescued out of the hands of an infuriated Portuguese by a Highland corporal of the name of Mackay, in the 71st Regiment; the General, under an impulse of gratitude, presented Mackay with his purse and sword, but the gallant Caledonian declined accepting any remune- ration from the hauds of a fallen enemy, as- serting that he had only done his duty. A Highland piper, in the same Regiment, early in the action, was wounded in the thigh, which prevented him from marching ; but placing himself on the ground, he began to play his pipes with more than usual energy, exclaiming, " Weel, my bra' lads, I eau gang nae farther wi' ye a fighting ; but deel ha'e me if ye sal want music ;" and so saying, he continued during the engagement to animate the men with his martial music. 