The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. By the Author of “ Waverley.” (Examiner.) WHATEVER magic may be connected with the name of Sir Walter Scott in his own peculiar field, we sus- pect that no small number of observant people have doubted his able accomplishment of a Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. That he might supply masterly species of animated description, as well as exhibit a portion of his buoyancy and spirit, in the conveyance of points of character, was taken for granted ; but various circum- stances have tended to moderate expectation as regards general execution. In the first place, without assuming the truth of the dull maxim, that a luxuriant imagin- ation is necessarily incapable of dealing judiciously with matters of fact, various causes have tended to create an opinion, that Sir Walter Scott was better able to describe effects, than to trace causes, and more at home in specifying results, than accounting for them. Particularly distinguished from his metaphysical coun- trymen by an indisposition to generalization and analy- sis, a lack of that close investigative power was an- ticipated without some share of which, history is mere chronicle, and biography simple memoir. To these doubts were added some apprehension of the absence of a due share of impartiality, to say nothing of a dispo- sition to regard literary reputation as Sir Hudibras esti- mates every thing else — by its value in the current coin of the realm. Sir Walter Scott is not possibly to be implicated in all the tradesman-like manœuvre of simul- taneous or partial publication, and other minor manage- ment which are practised in regard to his various publi- cations ; but he has at least acquiesced in them, and must bear a portion of the recoil which, when this sort of ingenuity is thoroughly understood, is always sure to follow it. The glaring fact, too, of these volumes being composed in great haste, and printed as hastily, implied slovenliness and inaccuracy, and could scarcely be inoperative. THE extraordinary skill of our author in the convey- ance of animated event, also gives to his military details, a degree of force and vivacity which is seldom to be met with, even in the most able historians. They relate a battle ; Sir Walteer sees and describes it. The pas- sage of the Bridge of Lodi ; the battle of Marengo, and of the Pyramids in Egypt ; furnish very spirited illustrations of this faculty, which was early rendered manifest in the poetry of Marmion, and its spirited hand- ling of the strife of Flodden Field. WE have already observed that, as a political history of Napoleon, these loose and rambling volumes are in the most striking degree defective ; nor are we much better satisfied with something of an ambitious comclu- sion, the purport of which is to sum up his character. The great mainspring of all his actions is presumed to be self-love. In a pure metaphysical sense, this is a mere truism. Self-love is the source of all action. In a more general acceptation, therefore, we presume we are to understand, that he was principally excited by a glaring and direct reference to his own personal aggran- disement. We suspect this to be only part of the truth. All schemes of universal empire may with equal jus- tice be termed egotistical ; and in this particular Napo- leon and Zinghis Khan may pair off together. He would not even allow his brothers to share in his glory or to govern for themselves, Sir Walter observes. Nothing can be more true ; but why ? Because it in- terfered with that scheme of paramount sovereignty which he evidently reserved for France, and which he obviously intended to terminate in an extensive French empire. A man is not necessarily the more selfish because the object of his ambition is towering. We doubt not that Napoleon thought that he was serving his country quite as much as himself ; and in putting down all obstacles to his own self-will, that he would govern France for her benefit better than if checked or regulated. Upon the grossness of the mistake it is unecessary to dilate ; but it has a more intimate con- nexion with a delusive theory and with vanity, than with self-love. He wished to make France every thing, and all the rest of Europe nothing ; and in his opinion there was but one way. His great error was to suppose there was any. NEITHER on the peculiar character of the intellec- tuality of his hero does Sir Walter Scott throw much additional light. Like all great men, rapidity of de- cision and determination appear to have been the leading features of it ; but, in our opinion, his early and practical discovery of his genius for regulating and directing the primary elements of force, principally created both the greatness and the weakness of his cha- racter. The former consisted in the fearless confidence in which he reposed upon his own genius and energies, in the disposal of vast national capabilities ; and the second, in that utter inattention to minor resistances, either physical or moral, which in the aggregate are sure, sooner or later, to bound and correct impetus of every kind. From the beginning of the world, there- fore, the changes produced by great conquerors “ those iron things of Pagod sway,” as Byron calls them — have been transitory. The whirlwind passes by, and the world goes on nearly as before. Progressive mastery is another affair. We have some ingenious, but no masterly or profound remarks on the strength and weakness of the modern Sampson in these respects. — none of those pervading glances into the sources of peculiar mind and character, which form at once the marrow and moral of interesting biography. To conclude : Sir Walter Scott has formed a very mediocre compilation, regarded as the life of a man like Napoleon Bonaparte ; but Sir Walter is after all the author of Waverly, and cannot but be pleasant and vital at intervals. A work of authority his nine volumes will never become. The obvious proofs of haste in the concoction, the absence of adequate refer- ences to competent authorities, a sort of slip-shod carelessness in the style and arrangement, and, we fear, a want of sufficient political impartiality, — will always keep down its pretensions a a book of appeal. Me- moires pour servir l’historie, the French would probably denominate a production of this character. What the English may ultimately vote it, is to be seen. Sir Wal- ter and Co. will be satisfied, if they only buy it. Q. PRESBYTERIAN INTOLERANCE. (From the Moiining' Chronic e.) Tari Belfast Northern Whtg containst an account dof the proceedings of tiihe Synod of Ulster, which is parti Saularly deserving of attention. " Tah Reverend William Porter, Clerk:to the Synod of Ulster, on his examinatioh before the Commis iaieri of Irish 'Inquiry (Appendix to Fourth' Repoittý mniide the following statements:-- " WILL you have the goodness to state whether you are a person of Arian or Orthodox principles?— I set out in life with Orthodox sentiments; but, upon mature reflection, I was led to change those sentiments, and I am what is usually called an Arian.*** I think more young men of Newlight (Arian) sentiments come from Glasgow College, than I have known to be reared in the Institution; I account for this by supposing that Or thodox sentiments being the popular sentiments, and the creed of young men who pass through the Belfast Seminaries being more open to public inspection, they are more under the temptation to avoid the means of imbibing sentiments which may mar their success in life, or to suppress those sentiments if they have formed . them. Amongst us, what is called Orthodoxy, seems of late to be taking the lead of Arianism. In my opinion there are more real Arians than professed ones amongst us.' Arianism being an unpopular doctrine. I have no hesitation in saying that our Ministers, in general, are not fond of avowing it." TaH Rtverend Henry Cooke, with whose name the public are familiar, from his having been exainined' in London by a Committee of the House of Commonrs, in his then capacity of Moderator of the Synod of Ulster, in his examination before the Commissioners of Educa tion Inquiry (Appendix to Fourth Report) made the following statement : " What is the total number of Ministers belongihg to the Synod of Ulster ? I think, taking in Ministers and Assistants, it would be about too. " Of that number of oo0, wbat portion should you suppose hold the Ariin' doetrines' ?--I, have not beent able to estimate forty; about thirty-five. I' think that was the most, upon a special personal examination of' the Sect of the Synod, and very few of those would be willing to acknowledge it; it is known by defect rather declaration. " Can you assign any.reasons why persons of the rich •and. upper and .better class are more disposed towards Arianism .than others ?-l could not give, a decided rea son ; but I think one reason has always been, that the Ministers called the Oldlights were always- most. dis posed. for enforcing strict, Cliurch displiiee." Tas avowal of Mr. Porter of his tieig ana A?liii twa'i made the ground of a motion for depriving himn of his situation of Clerk to the Synod. After a stormy. debate .of °several days, .the Synod, by a majority of 31, voted, that while they admitted the honesty'and sincerity. of' Mr. Porter, they felt it their duty to e~press. their disap-' probation of his opinion` as being erroneous; yet as his' removal from the o?flTe 'iof Clerk might' be "construed" into persecution, and on accouAt.of the able' manner' in which' he has discharged all the duties of his office, they did not consider it right to remove him. So much much for Mr Portor.• But this discussion was only the prelude to 'aaother,' which was continued during three days. Mr?. Cooke' made a motion, for an orthodox declaration of the rkligiou§ sentiments of the Synod-" that we do most firmly hold and believe the doctrines concerning the nature of God cobtained in these words of the Westminister Shorter Catechism ;" viz." that there are three persons in the Godhead, the' Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and these three are one God-the samme in substance, power,. and glory; and .that we do affix our signatures to this declaration in the Minutes of bynod." It was agreed that the last clause relative to aflixing of naines should be wiihdfawn, and' that the body do declare vicva codc, standing up, whe?n answering to their names. The votes stood thus--1liT Ministers, aind; 18 Elders, voted 'I belieVeethe doctrine.' Two voted ' I do not believe," and four teitred from the House before the roll waeallied-?t-?ne of ihose four ex; pressing himself, that he eduld rbit' tlhilk of remaining to witness such acts as be was afraid were about to be committed. " "'. . ' -, 3 ' . . . " These proceedings throw considerable liglht on some" pecularities in the moral character of the educated iclas ses of thetse islands.- i . - . HfEla we find it distinctly's'tatid by the individuals best acquainted with the chatater-and opinions of the Piresbyterian Clergy.'of the Synbd of Ulster, thtt as Arianisen?was unpopular, 'there .:were .,.ore real tlhan avowed Arians in the body i, and that out o f. 2o0 indi viduals, these were front 3. to 40 if .themni Arian,. And yet when a test is proppsed, all the '~I'rgy'presetA; with the erception of' two, 'do: not hesitate to take It it A nunber of 'these men' gave utterance, therefore, to what they knew to be falee, in order to avert the eonse, quences with which the avowael of YMr' ?oerter was threatened." Mm. LoNo WELLssLvy lately inatimated, by his Coqa sel, in the Court of Cbancery. thbat he hadc" strong ob jections" to, the propoied ' guardians- for hiS i childrea- nor his b6 "d t ils t N t # !iie now appears hfro ,sa baedtiy of funlt_ mUW which he asi publihed, tbat'bis' streer oabjsi ! the Misses I4,o tl tbht i"they tlr'taintn d *ith rian principle:s. This whrbich 1e aefletlys dibloe"' the ,eyes of .all: pple of sense ad l?berdity y perhaps prove a sudicient reason .witbhtho,.se i ie wigged person who. always affect,. though thoep feel, a blind reverence for aid 1 other ChI?ircb. Ma. HUsxIssoN gas' eLhbarked for Calais. Right Hlon. Gentleman has g6ne 0"o :. tour f?!is health, and is ezpected tobe absent about three mea , during which time be will vsiet Germany, Italy, ,&c.;? FAMILY QUARbsEL.-.Mr. Wellesley has a brought the private aflfaks of biihself and hisiya before the public, in a -papmphlet containing his , pondence with .the Duke of Wellington, And -'oae other letters. • The Dake of Wellington's part in, ýthis, correspondene ewill probably h~ looked on at the presead moment with an interest which would have belonged.io it atp no other, time.. A late event. has brougtt his Grace's.intellect much under discussion ; acd there re many people who will be curiou.s to see how it eppeas on paper, even on such an occasion as a family squati ble.. To us it seems- that there ' is the display of. coc.. siderable tact and firmness in his Grace's letters-muich more :tact and. firmness than kinddnesq indeed-me- e general-ship than. friendly.-. ardour.-, Mr. Long Welles ley repeatedly, and "with beseecbint earnestness, sali cits his Grace's interferrence'to brifig about a, reconcili ation between him and his father.;. ibut ..the Duke, having formed hollow. squares 1d resist.his assaults of entreaty, beats him off at the point- of the pen with' coolness and address which at least do great justice toahis sang froid and tactics. He makes his. stand on objee tions which are acutely taken, and sound in, reasoning. The favour'able construction to be put upon his inflex4 bility is, that he distrusted the sincerity of the applit c.mt--,t hat he believed him desirou, ;of- a recoitciliation with his father, only with a view to the policy "of, tils moment. ?The judgments or' interferences of stratgers 'on family affairs, ar!- however generally ra~h, and palb . zarded on very insufficient grounds,?i' as the point:. ii dispute are only seen in putts. ' "When :these mat0s are obtraded on out notice,'we cannot shut our eye? ?L ,them, but the less we indulge is decision cn them bet better. "Judge not lest ye, be' udged,'':i. i thbse cases a sound maxim of policy. Tnere are'instances it which the circumstances are so "broadhand uiequiv?tc., as to warrant the absolute sentence of' public opiniona but they are happily 'of rare 'occhrrence. Were "We tP 'decide hastily, ,and as we have deprecatedi from' the partial view before us;' we shbuld come to the conclusiopi that the Misses Long, who" ae .honoured ivih: the ?ert strange correspondence of . Mr. Barry,. of Beaufor bui dings, must, hbe. very 'strange people. We agri wits the Timp, thati such a letter as the- subjoined is seldom founid out bf a comedy.p and oi'o cno, . wonder, how highly-oohndcte'd Indies could hale enditur. to be familiarly addresed .'in such a strain.' Thl?W 'the sentiment, the substance, the manner, the stk the tone, are all inatchless.s The dainty eliistle, surely have been cl6sed with a 'whity-browoi wafib,; ' chewed bread.. . . . MRS BLIGH. — When this lady's name was called, it produCed a grcpt sensatiop; in the Court; Mr, Vhel 'e. Sley hastily. left his seat, and. Wept in search of her°to the.Lord, Chancellor's library,'.w here she bad' been'in .waiting all; the morning., 'All eyes were $lxed upon tSe door through which she was. expected to .enter. After the lapse of a few minutes shq appeared, ..pupported-,, •Mr. Wellesley upon aon arm, apd a. male oervant upon .the other. -Her personal appearance is highly ptepos sessiug. Her figure is rather above the middle 6tati~v; with just enbonpuint enbugh to developse 'a round and graceful outline. Her complexion i of the, moat deli2 casce order; , her.noe. of the Roman cast; finely 'formed ; fine dark brown eyes, relieved by well-defined eye. brows; and a lijh, forehead, shaded with a profusion of fipe.: dcsrk air,? which she wore en boucle. I Her .dress.consist~4 of, a coloured muslin gown, fashibnably made; a ceinture o pink leather ' . a large ..ee barege shawl;. a worked collar en suite; and a Iarg white gros de Noples, French hat, ornamented withapilak roses, over which was thibrwo a 19rge black veil; 1;hicel flowed upon her shoulders. 'There wat a6ugt ?e? ress and presence, an air tres disitigue. 'She i~tryd ed~daa eLderahle agitation upon her first gettnig i(to tie boa, but:soont reoovered her self-composure.. Iy the; diR 'inn of the Court, she was acconommodated.with ~ qhbi", behidd ylilch 1M4. Wellesley placed himself. Ir ft?4. ther stood ia ronot, tith hbi and 'uiear.bhrs; to tBa nail of the wrtps-bOz, and see1is a~4 fyt presecaorae- asure :her., When bthe oa?b was iaout,.j be adminitered; the lady hesitated, previously ?i.rpv.g lug the' veil 'itachd to teiD i boinnes, ait thta Ltard' dOti Justice desi viot eove it, if it eri' pleasant to ier,, .Mrs. ti3 ,gahcksaowk!ge)i. slykIdi).. ness of this dignestion fromu , the generat citit p, by a saight obeisance and ?dntinued witbh:: the?iv?il dow.l throughout 'the Whide of~the. .aii~idation,,. e wh ,h wis at great length. I bld answered e ?' qn.s*t n put to her with gat clparneqg andepi op, o a wish to-r b! e dii.tl ,ocrsble. .. ' "- .. i : . 