THE MONITOR. FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1827. STRANGERS who visited the Colony in Macquarie's time inform us, that while the Town and Colony have increased in size and population, the spirit of enterprise and hearty cheer, good-humour, and sociability, have entirely disappeared; save mere inert magnitude and less quantity, the Colony they say is tamer, duller, and less imposing by half than it was fifteen years ago—just as a palace in a state of decay looks less inviting and pros- perous than a snug cottage in complete repair and fresh white-washed. THERE is no effect but hath a cause. The ignorami of the Colony (i. e. Bigge and the Faction) who never see an inch beyond their own precious interests, allege that the present dilapidation of this country arises from the Government ceasing to support it with Treasury Bills as they used to do, and in lieu making it support itself. We deny the position. The Crown of England never did support us, but as far as our infantile exertions have gone; the Colony has supported the Mother Country. The Mother Country had Gaols and Hulks full of malefactors. To cause them to work, as they are made to do in the healthy under-populated States of America, went only to increase the poor- rates by all and more than the amount of the work they performed. Because the shoes or cloth (or what not) made by the inmates of the Gaols were poured into a market already overloaded with shoes and cloth, and selling at prices which compelled the Overseers of the Poor to make up to the starving operatives the deficiency of their subsistence which their miserably reduced wages had already created. To make goods under such circum- stances was not doing good but positive palpable harm. Over-done with unconvicted people, what then were they to do with the convicted? And what did they do with them? Did they not send them to us? And have we not fed and clothed three-fourths of them free of all ex- pense to the Crown? And as to the other fourth, fed and clothed by the Sydney Commissary's Drafts on the Treasury, to whose debit ought the said amount to be placed—to that of the Colonists exclusively, or to that of the Empire at large? WILL Mr. Bigge, Mr. Scott, and the Faction, venture to say, that the expense of garrisoning Gibraltar and Malta ought to be considered loans to the people of those places, in lieu of being considered national expenses chargeable on the whole people of the United Kingdom? To whom do these Colonies belong—to the Crown of England or the Residents therein ? If to the Crown (i. e. to the people of the United Kingdom) are His Majesty's Ministers to charge us with the public works of this Colony erected by their Convict labourers here ? No surely-common equity demands that the Colony, so long as it belongs to the Crown of England, should in all its public National and Government Establishments be paid for by the people of the United Kingdom. The political skeleton of the Colony must be upheld by those who framed it at first, and to whom it still belongs, and to whom Heaven know our sincere wish is, that it may belong for centuries to come. Again. But if formerly we were really supported by Treasury Bills, did the Commissary make us a present of them ? Did he not receive value for his drafts ? Now then, if we gave value-- if we worked for our living, what wonderful favour did the Government bestow upon us ? Was it not in fact always threatening us, that if we did not give the Commissary our Wheat at his own prices i. e.—if we would not work for a rate of wages to be fixed by himself, the Governmnent would send to the East for their Wheat and Pork? And did they not do so, ever and anon, to keep us in check, and humble our spirits? Did not Mr. Wemyss send for cargoes of rice, pork, and wheat, as well as Dollars, because he thought or pre- tended at least he could get the commodities a trifle cheaper than he could buy them of us? Was there any other motive which operated on the minds of our principal men in those days to outrage public feeling here, and destory our loyalty and good feeling towards England as well as our pockets? We have heard there were other motives, not of the most honourable nature, but we do not believe them. Was not the hatred of the people towards the Governmenit however so strong when The Almorah arrived in the Harbour with the said foreign food which ought to have been bought of the Colonists, that stimulated and excited by the public sympathy, did not Captain Mitchell patriotically venture on the seizure of that vessel? And if that noble Commander be finally disappointed in his conceptions of the legality of his sei- zure, will not the Colonists yet assemble and vote him a piece of plate for the services he rendered them by the said seizure? For that seizure will eternally prevent our Commissaries from buying foreign food any more. Let us therefore remember Captain Mitchell with grati- tude and esteem. IF then the people gave value for the Treasury Bills of former days; and if those Treasury Bills were paid by the Receivers to the importing Merchants, for their tea, sugar, grog, cloth, calico, soap, &c.; &c.; how is it, now that the Colonists have bent their labour to the produc tion of other commodities besides those of wheat and. beef, that the Harbour of Port Jackson and the Country in general should be so deficient in acitvity and enter prise? The productions of raw produce ought to make things doubly brisk. Treasury Bills never produced any life on the water. The Convict Ships which came here formerly, landed their living cargoes on our quays and went away empty. Now they ought to be lying aloiig side our wharfs, receiving cedar, and tobacco, and flax, and wool, &c.; &c.; &c.; We are now arrived at the main point. Here lies the rub. The Goverriment has cut the sinews of industry, by taking away our raw produce, or which is the same thing, by preventing us getting it. The Government has ruined one new and thriving branch of our trade, the trade in cedar, by laying a duty on its gathering, in lieu of granting a premium thereon, as England' id to almost all the American Colonies when as yet they were young 'and tender. Government occupies the country beyond Ba thurst most fitted for sheep, for their own farms and sheep—for the petty Government of New South Wales condescends to farm. and to butcher, and come' in compe tition with the people, and be the subject of all the petty feelings of farmers, butchers, and traders; and being the strongest, it takes all the best grass to itself, while it threatens to take the people's grass, although there is more than it wants for itself. Biu the Governinent always choked and throttled Agriculture from the very foundation of the Colony. First, in conjunction with the civil, military, and ecclesiastical officers, it transported the Colonists to a penal settlement for brewing grog and beer, and afterwards laid all man ner of unpopular war-taxes arid regulations on the pro duction and vending of the same. Instead of allowing every main to distil and brew out of an iron-pot and a wash-tub, as the Americans are allowed by their foster ing and paternal Government to do, our Military Rulers have proclaimed laws and imposed burthens, heavy and grievous to be borne on our industry: and when under their influence, distilleries of the dimensions of palaces, fitter by their magnitude for London and Paris, than for Sydney, arise, immediately the Government shifts its ground the regulations and duties, (on the faith of which the Builders with finances strained and credit put to the rack erected them) are suddenly alteied; the consequence is, all the great distilleries both here and at Van Dieman's Land were shut up ere they had well begun to take handsel-the same by the cultivators of the soil-the same may be observed of T'bacco-the same with re gard to the regulations for distributing land and convicts to new emigrants. Hence-hence-not in the idleness of the people, is the dilapidation of N. S. Wales ! IF this Government really desire to make us a prosperous as we are already a loyal people, inclined to work hard and get on, and cleave to the Mother Cointry -if it really be inclined to promote the honour of'En gland's Crown, by making this a great Colony, let it retrace its steps-let it turn over a new leaf-let it undertake a radical reform. FIRST, let all excise duties on raw produce be taken off, especially those on spirits, tobacco, and cedar-let the duty on foreign tobacco be raised either to half-a crown-or if this should create smuggling with all its impurities (which we confess we think not improbable) let foreign tobacco, six months after a proclamation to that effect, be made seizable by the proper officers, wherever found, as French kid gloves and Indian silk handkerchiefs were, and we believe still are in England. This is the kind of excise laws we want. We want not a detestable exciseman to present his impudent front at our dwel- lings-we left England to avoid the visits of these mis creants-that is one of the causes which made us emi- grate to a new untaxed Country. Let not the searcher be permitted to enter private dwellings—but let him seize foreign tobacco wherever he can find it, for which purpose a Magistrate's warrant may be granted him on his deposing to his belief of its being deposited. And let it be made a misdemeanour to sell foreign tobacco after a given period, say six months, under a penalty of 2d. per ounce, half to the informer and half to the King. To our regret and surprise the Black who killed poor Thomas Taylor, the white Stockman at Lake Bathurst, and afterwards eat him, has been turned out of gaol, and is gone again to the Lake, no doubt to commit fresh murders, whenever he is hungry and wants a meal of human food. We are really afraid, however, the friends of Taylor will revenge the unhappy victim. For they will argue thus. "If by the laws of England the "black murderer cannot be tried, he must be an outlaw " - the law of retaliation then becomes the law of na- " tural justice and expediency. God himself has ex- " pressly directed the killing of murderers - and seeing " these blacks are outlaws and wild beasts, it is fit they " should be punished just as we kill tygers or flog our " horses." - "If on the other hand the blacks of this " colony cannot be tried and hanged by our laws, it " seems strange that we whites should be tried and " hanged for killing them. Killing them ought, under " such circumstances, to be considered only a misde- " meanour, and to come under the act passed in the pre- " sent reign against cruelty. Then Stanley, instead of " being hanged next week, as he is to be, should be let "off on paying the fine pointed out in the said act, and " which is somewhere about five pounds. If blacks " cannot be hanged for murder, neither can they for " rape. - and yet under a sentence of a Judge Advocate " a black was hanged for the latter crime." Five whites the other day for availing themselves of the negligence of their keepers, setting themselves at liberty, and taking the vessel in which they were con- fined, as a necessary adjunct to accomplish their liberty; nothing was heard of but stern justice! 'Tis true the prisoners were noble-minded men - they had acted a part which only Britons in their circumstances can act - they shewed that even convicts, when free-born Englishmen, are a superior race even to the free men of other slavish countries - they proved that such are the noble principles and habits which the Government of free and merry England engenders, even in the lowest of her sons, that with all their faults, magnanimity of soul is an essential part of their nature. Yet because the statutes of an overbearing aristocracy, which would take men's lives for killing a hare, or eating a turnip out of the field, had caused sentence of death to be recorded against the five men who perished last Monday sen'night, they were not spared. Who knows but that under the present colonial laws, and General Orders, and Convict Regula- tions, one or more of the following casualties had not happened to them? Perhaps they had been al- lowed to be married, and then sundered from their wives. Or perhaps their wives had come out to them and they were not allowed to live together - or perhaps the money they had about them had been taken away from them, and in lieu of being given to their wives, had been put into the saving bank - or perhaps they had been by Mac- quarie or Brisbane promised a ticket of leave, but which Governor Darling's regulations had rescinded - or per- haps they had been flogged to extort confession of what they had never done - or perhaps like poor Wilson, they have been flogged for catching their mistress's pig, agreea- bly to her orders - or perhaps they had received 500 lashes for reasoning with their masters, and shewing the folly of the said masters giving them short allowance, and at the same moment confiding to their skill and care flock of valuable sheep in the lambing season, worth a thousand pounds - or perhaps they stole something above the value of forty shillings, to pay thereout a scribe to write a letter to their wives and children in England - or a petition, according to the dozens of new forms pre- scribed to obtain a ticket of leave - not being allowed, a single farthing of money-wages, - at all events, a theft to the amount of forty shillings subjects a man to have sentence of death recorded against him - and therefore it by no means satisfies our minds, that the execution of the five men who suffered on Monday week was an act either of policy or expediency, however in law it might have been lawful. Coupled as it has been with the discharge of a Black native from gaol without examination, who is ac- cused of killing and eating an Englishman at Lake Bathurst, and of whose guilt there is not the least doubt, as all the residents at and about the said Lake can testify if they were but put into a witness box, the late execu- tion, contrasted with the said discharge, is a strange discrepancy,. THE FACTION has received another mortal wound by the verdict of 210l. awarded by the Supreme Court against Justices Bowman, McAlister and McArthur. Nothing seems to prosper with the 1808 folks now-a-- days. They appear to have had their day. Their race apparently is run. Their affairs aforetime flowed strongly, but the ebb tide has at length set in, and down they are all going on the stream in the utmost dismay and confusion. We call the attention of our Readers to the circumstances revealed in the late trial. Mr. Arch- deacon Scott deposed, that as King's Visitor, generally he considered it was his duty to visit the Female Orphan School at least once a year. Now the old English office of King's Visitor, is not only a very ancient office, but an office of great dignity—to put such a construction on the office therefore, as to suppose an Archdeacon, himself a Batchelor, ought to trouble himself with the domestic privacies of a Female Institution, such as examining the bedding of the inmates, appears to us to be a strange misapprehension of the duties of the office. The King's Visitors in England execute the office with a grave ge- neral superintendance, becoming its dignity and import- ance, and we are certain a precedent cannot in their visitations be found for the sort of visiting adopted by our Archdeacon. The plea set up by Mr. Scott for his mode of visiting, was, that a cutaneous disorder raged in the Institution, accompanied with other usual symptoms of a want of attention to cleanliness. This is very odd too, because Mr. and Mrs. Walker, the late Master and Matron hold a certain letter from the late Governor, in which is contained his particular thanks to them for res- cuing the inmates of the School from the evil effects which had arisen from the incompetency of their prede- cessors. They found the Institution troubled with the disorder above alluded to, but by great labour and assi- dujiy they got rid of it. Besides which, Mr. H. McAr- thur when Foreman of the Parramatta Grand Jury, pre- sented the Institution as being in good order. However, the Archdeacon's mode of visiting greatly displeased the Matron, as might be expected, and ended in her quitting the School. A man and his wife, servants in the School, left the house with them. The Archdeacon brought the latter before a Bench of Magistrates for leaving so ab- ruptly, consisting of the Justices of the District, one Sydney Magistrate, one from Camden, and one from Ar- gyle. The three latter are the bosom friends of the Venerable the Archdeacon. Two of the Parramatta Justices swore, that their impression at the time was, that the said three friends being present was "rather extraordinary." Our readers know what this means, so we will not enlarge thereon. However whether Mr. Scott was the occasion of their being present or not, it was unfortunate for his fame that they got there; and more especially that while the other Justices were for a moderate sentence, the said trio out-voted the regu- larly sitting Magistrates, and inflicted the severest sentence the law allowed, supposing the accused to have been really guilty of a breach of the law. But their being innocent of the said breach made the matter worse. This lucky meeting at the said Bench on the said occa- sion, is a true sample of the lucky Benches which used to assemble in days of yore. It was at one of these lucky Benches that the poor lean one-armed Shepherd, after being fed on bread and water for a week or two in the Liverpool Gaol, got sentenced to 500 lashes for rea- soning with his master on the absurdity of giving short provisions to him and his fellow shepherds, who never- theless they trusted with a thousand pounds' worth of sheep a piece in lambing time—a plea so sensible, so natural, and so appropriate, that those who would not listen to it deserved in our opinion 500 lashes for their stupidity. It is quite ludicrous to read in the late trial, that the unfortunate Justices called witnesses to their character, just the same as the poor fellows do who are being every day tried for larceny and felony ! Really, had we ourselves been unfortunate enough to be Botany Bay Justices, and had given an illegal and severe sen- tence, we would never have saved our pockets by such an appeal to the consideration of the Court. We a do not agree with The Australian in satirising the oovernhetnit, and doubting its word when at, the head of a Public Notice or law, it ascribes the said law to posi-. tive instructions from home. On the contrary, we are always glad to ascertain what measures belong exclu sively to Government House, and what to Downing Street. Many a General Order, we suspect, proceeds from the latter, which the Governor cannot with safety ascribe to the right owner. Ministers expect the Go vernors to stand the brunt of these unpopular acts., With this an independent editor has nothing to do', who studies the interests of the people. If the Governor says plainly to the people, this is not mine, and the mea sure turn out bad, or be bad in principle, we should be base to censure him—our vituperations ought to be levelled at the right quarter. But if a Governor adopt a measure as his own, and promulgate it in his own name, and the measure be a bad one, he must then bear the blame. Now we verily believe that the order, No.13, which informs Applicants for Convict Servants, that those who employ them in the country shall, have a preference over those who employ them in town, does come from Downing Street. And as such we deliver. General Darling from all praise or blame in the business. For our own parts, provided such convict servantis' be in future assigned to persons indifferently, and permitted to be employed in Sydney, that is to say, are assigned on some equitable plan, and not given to the creatures of the Government only—not to the civil and militiary offers only—then we should, on a broad principlei highly approve of the prisoners being for the most part sent up the country. All the effects of such a measure will be good. It will tend to raise the price of ticket and - free labour in the towns, and the possessors of tickets and fr ervice being mostly married men, good wages.will enable them to bring up their families with the greater decency. Ticket-men up the country have a poor life of it under the present regulations. Their tickets and their persons will be much safer under our Sydney ma- gistrates, than they would under the country ones. Again. New free-comers to the country ought to have a decided preference over the old hands in getting con- vict labourers.. There is a great scarcity of mechanics and labourers in the country. It is notorious the settlers will take off the stores, i. e. hire at their own cost, and employ free of all expense to the crown, more prisoners by half than the Governor has it in his power to assign to them. This being a notorious fact, the question arises, of three sorts, of free masters, which, shall be refused convict servants, and put to the extra expense of hiring free labourers—the new emigrant—the farmer— or the shop-keeper? Now the good folks of Downing Street have directed most justly and expediently, that, the new emigrant shall be first served, and the farmer next. And as these two classes of settlers can employ all the convicts that can be spared, the expense of hiring free and ticket labourere will fall on those who are best able to afford it; namely, on the free town's-people. The morals of the towns will be thereby promoted; becaus , ticket and free labourers, as being more commonly married men, are better able to withstand the temptations of the towns than convicts. HAVING stated thus much, we must allow that all that The Australian says respecting the inconsistency of His Majesty's Ministers reserving some seventeen hundred prisoners herded in vile gangs in Sydney, while they find fault with the domiciled, peaceable, reformed servants scattered in families, and who are consequently employed in the charities of domestic life, is strictly correct. Go- vernment both in London and in Sydney, is very fond of talking of the demoralization of assigned convicts, and in- vent lots of regulations respecting them ; but in its own vile gangs is contained the poison which innoculates the colony with all kinds of crimes. And nothing will remedy this evil, but sending to England for 2,000 indented free mechanics and labourers, for the use of the Sydney Government. THE case of the two Natives, Puckeridge and Holmes, has excited comsiderable public interest. We reside near the spot where the murder was perpetrated, and conversed immediately with those who were present just after the murder had been committed. In so important a case, it behoves us to be unusually careful in our statements and remarks. To let evil-doers escape from a false lenity, is pregnant with danger to public morals and safety. To punish men for a greater crime than they are guilty of, is dreadful to contemplate. The circumstan- ces of the late murder are these. The mother of Puckeridge is so drunken a woman, that she sometimes is seen lying about in the streets. We remember her however when she was a clean sober woman. In the afternoon, of the murder, she lay intoxicated in a grass paddock in Goul- burn Street. A man was seen dragging her about, and it was reported to her son, now in gaol, that a man had been using his mother extremely ill, having taken an unmanly advantage of her helpless situation. Inflamed with resentment he called on his friend Holmes, just returned from a burial, where refreshment had been had, and they agreed it seems to lie in wait for some one. Out of the paddock a calf belonging to Donovan had escaped. Accordingly, accompanied by the deceas- ed, Donovan went to put the calf in the paddock. They were both immediately assaulted by Puckeridge and Holmes. After knocking the deceased down, Puck- eridge kneeled down or stamped on his chest and belly. The man died of his internal wounds the same night. IT is clear from these facts that Puckeridge and Holmes lay in wait to assault somebody. But surely they ought to have been very careful on whom they vented their rage—and if they chose to beat any particular man, they become murderers, if on beating him they either drew a knife or stamped on a man's stomach, for we can per- ceive little difference in the degree of atrocity. In the first instance they intended only to give a good beating to some person whom they suspected of ill- treating the drunken woman. But because two men choose to take the law in their own hands, are they to fall on every innocent man that comes in their way ? And are they to stamp on their victim? Let us suppose the deceased to be the father of a large family of little children—is nobody to be answerable for his untimely end? The very assault was unlawful. It was preme- ditated. It is too much the habit of the lower orders of Natives of this Colony to revenge their own quarrels. Holmes would not have been so guilty as Puckeridge, if he had not encouraged him in jumping on the deceased. From beating, the deceased Puckeridge was encouraged by Holmes to do what in our opinion is equivalent to drawing a knife—to kneel or stamp on the stomach and belly of the deceased—an unmanly, an un-English, a cruel, and a dastardly act, and which displayed a ferocious murderous temper. We remember pausing a good deal on the execution of a man about 18 months ago, who was hanged for murdering his wife. He taxed his wife one day with being visited by a certain paramour. The woman audaciously acknowledged to the visit, and told her husband to his face (although the mother of children) she had been unfaithful to him, and would continue to be so. The husband, in the height of his resentment, lifted an axe and killed her on the spot—seeing her mangled head, his frenzy induced him to repeat the blows on the dead body till it became a spectacle. The Magistrate on the trial gave him a good character. In passing sen- tence, the Chief Justice said, that had he ceased striking after the first blow, the law perhaps might not have implied malice, but the repetition of the blows consti- tuted the act murder. We doubt not but this was sound law. But we feel confident that an act of frenzy which would induce most men to stab or strike a wife with an axe, would be sure to continue for a few moments, and that during the paroxysm one blow would excite another. We remember at the time, we deplored the fate of the unhappy husband, for he seemed to have loved his wife, and who was a woman of some beauty. PATRICK McCOOEY the deceased was a very steady peaceable man, and not likely to be guilty of the shame- ful act suspected by the murderers. It is a remarkable fact that Puckeridge's sister, a loose woman, was the prosecutor of Edwards, who died denying the crime for which he was sentenced to Norfolk Island. We do not think Holmes and Puckeridge ought to suffer because we think them more worthy of death than the five Pirates so called, But we shall certainly think if they are saved, the five Pirates were more worthy of being spared than we were before aware of. Murder by deliberate assault and battery, committed on a peaceable unoffending man, is a dreadful crime. To think right on the subject, let us who have wives and children, put ourselves in the place of the deceased. THE Gazette has often quoted a passage from the Aus- tralian news-paper, wherein the editor a long time ago asserted in effect, that the end justified the means. This position displays such gross ignorance of sound ethics, that even a man who never attends church or chapel we should have thought, living in an age when Chris- tianity is pretty well understood in its moral tendency, would have avoided so palpable an error. . But we find that the Editor is quite ignorant of ethics. He really does not know right from wrong, when you come to the abstract principles of the science. Whoever suspects the Editor of better information will be convinced of his error, in reading the leader of The Australian of the 10th instant, respecting the licensing of public-houses, where he leans to the opinion, that the licensing of low, debauched public- houses, the resort of the most de- praved of the sexes, in order to trepan thieves and vagabonds through the treachery of the base landlords, is a very convenient, if not expedient sort of thing. Now Christianity steps in here and says, "fiat justitia, calum ruat." Capture thieves, but tempt not their friends to betray them. Descend not to wicked or dis- honourable means in order to attain useful ends. Bear with the evil—be resigned and rather suffer, but never "do evil that good may come ;" for in so acting, thou shewest thyself, O Editor, no better than the wretch whom nevertheless thou art anxious to apprehend and punish. If he has done wrong, do thou the more pertinaciously do right! The end of all exertion is or ought to be to do right. God wants no bigot to go beyond his duty to please him. Pious villainy, religious or political, is not pleasing in the sight of him "who is of purer eyes than to behold iniquity." WE do not concur with the lively and sensible writer of a Ride to Bathurst, that roast beef, plumb pudding, and cricket, will cause the convict boys in the Boys Bar- racks to turn out honest men. The only chance of reforming these youths, whose depravity is infinitely greater than convict adults, because their vice is unmin- gled with the least portion of principle, would be to dis- tribute them in the interior. Dispersed among the farmers, and domiciled in farmers' houses, there would be some little chance of their picking up a few habits of virtue, such as industry, decorum, orderly manners, so- briety, and the meaner kinds of virtuous habits. But the New Testament one hour and association with each- other by night and by day, and jovial living and field sports the other twenty-three, convert the reading the Bible into a farce. From the Carters' Barracks and Sodom Island, this colony will be inoculated every six months with vices which to think of, makes the blood run cold. The authorities deal out Bibles with their left hand, but with their right they adopt measures which tend to render the said Bibles a dead letter, to be bought and sold for glasses of rum, and torn up for waste paper. WE are sorry to see so acute a writer give loose to his colonial patriotism, We never saw the Queen's orange and lemon garden at Lisbon, but we have seen that at Anandale. The latter is most respectable for a gentle- man settler in a new colony, and we should be sorry to disparage it—we only wish we had as good an one our- selves, and as near to Sydney—but if the Queen of Por- tugal's groves are no better, our idea of Portuguese royalty will in future be very mean. He calls the County of Argyle a rich county—if meadows half a mile wide and two long, in every sixteen miles or so, of horrid scrub, enough to make a man melancholy, be a rich county, why then Argyle is entitled to the appellation. The county southward of Argyle, is certainly much better, but it is a long long way to it. Hunter's River and Bathurst are good countries, but Argyle is a poor country. To make up for our censures, we will here quote a passage as admirable for its correctness, as it is for the sound views of policy it exhibits. "WE were now 25 miles from Sydney, a long ride in the heat of the day, and having ten or twelve miles further to go, we hurried away, and, for a shilling a piece, the punt carried us all across the river to Emu Plains, one of the most fertile and beautifiul tracts of country in the Colony. Here is about 5000 acres of rich alluvial flat, but it is in the hands of his Majesty, who is a prodigious grower of wheat, and cobs of corn, at thess plains. This is a very large establishment, and used to be a sort of minor penal settlement, but I believe it is now nothing but an agricultural farm, for the raising of wheat. For what purpose it is impossible to say. It was light enough to count 23 stacks of last years crop not yet thrashed out, still standing in the field, besides a much larger number of stacks, which I could not count, of new wheat. What it is all for, I cannot imagine. While the market price of wheat continues at 3s. 6d. to 5s. per bushel, the loss at such Establishments must be enormous. It needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us the disanvantages which large Government Establishments labour under, in such a country as New South Wales, compared with the hard working settler, who can hardly get a living, although working with his own hands, unless he has Sheep or Cattle in addition to his land in tillage. By a very moderate calculation, I consider the loss of the Goverment Farm at Emu a dead loss, to the puiblic,of three thousand: five hundred a yedr, and the . more they grow, the.greater loss. .One man's loss.is' often another's gain, but here it is quite: the reverse, for . the more, the Government loses: in this unworthy competition with the poor ;devil of a. settler, in the raising of wheat and maize, the sooner is the settler ruined by the market being shut against him. I think I see you walking your horses between his Majesty's superb Lodge, and the-margin of Virginia water, certainly one of the sweetest spots in all England, and illustrative of the excelient good taste so conspicuous in the King. Now let us suppose an impossibility; that a thousand acres of land were ordered to be ploughed up there, and cultivated with wheat by . 250 men, from the Hulks at * Woolwicbh, for the use of the army and navy of Great Britain. What would the jolly farmers say the next market day at Staines ? and what would Mr. Hume and . his tribe say in the House of Commons, at such amisuse * of the public labour ? and his Grace the Master of the " Ordnance would soon be. about their ears, that his public . .works' roads, and wharfs,. at Sheerness, should be inter •rupted, because the workmen had been drawn off to grow wheat at Virginia water ! as if his Majesty could not buy it ,at one quarter the price he could possibly grow:.it!. At * a tic e'when 2000 applications for crown servants remain ,. unsatiefied for want of prisoners, and both plough and farming improvements are :almost at a stand-still for want of hands in many places in the Colony of N. S. W., it cannot but be lamented that so many of those assign able crown prisoners should,be reserved in the hands of the superintendents of farming establishments at Emu and elsewhere, I'saw four men wheeling an empty hand barrow, two before and two behind, at the rate of about one mile ..in two hours, and I could not help regretting . they were not at Hunter's River, wheramen are so much wanted." Tim Rev. J. J. Therry being informed that orders had been given to the Gaoler of the County Gaol not to admit him any more as a visitor of the Catholic prisoners, particularly of those under sentence of death, he en quired of the Sheriff if such orders had been issued by. him. The latter declared his entire ignorance of such "orders. On making enquiry of the Gaoler, however, it appeared orders had been received from the Governor Sto that effect.. They were not, however, enforced on Monday sen'night; and we should hope never will be. Not .only were the Catholic Clergy and Dissenting Ministers always permitted by our previous Governors to visit the Gaol, and to give religious consolation to men under the sentence of death, but even pious laymen have never been denied this privilege. We should think Governor Darling Will find it a very serious charge on his return . home amongst others, that he interfered with the dying wishes of condemned malefactors. The religious men of all sects will be all against him to a man.; A sIMxtiAR spirit of intolerance' has been exhibited • lately by some members of the Committee of Manhge :ment;,who rule the 'afiairs of the Female Convict Fac tory at Patramatta. We say, some of the members; for a piece ofi intolerance; so hostile to the British Constitu tion,'to the feelings of the age, and, as we verily believe, to the views'and wishes of such- men as Can bing, Peel, BathurAt, &c.; was transacted by only two of them. These two gentlemen, batchelors, (we really think all the Committee should be married people-it w ould at least, have a better sound) one day took it upon them to enter en order in the minute book of the Board of Directors of the Factory, not to pe?zmit the Rev. J. J. Therry any longer to officiate there-on the plea, doubtless, (though not stated) that he was no longer a Chaplain of the Go vernment. It is notorious, and indeed our population, of whom a moiety are Catholic, sufficiently proclaims the fabt, that' two Chaplains cannot do all the work which at pres'ebt'occupies a -dozen Protestant ministers, Hence the new Chaplain, the Rev.: Mr. Power, cannot .be every where;' and" it, s 'almost inevitable that. the Rev. J. J. Therry (late Chaiplain) shiould baptize, marry,' and per formi the'offices'of his Church for the Catholic inmates of-'the Factory. Our present Government, however, prefers the said inmates to do without religion at all, rather than suffer any one to perform its offices save he 1ho receives a salary from the Government. This, too, we feel confident will never stand before the British Par liament.. It requires only to be known to be condemned; ' CONNECTED with religious toleration-and in order to .'sh li'ow it has been encroached upon since .Gektral Darlidg's arrival, we have further to mention, that?-he Catholic inmates of fhe Carters' Barrack., of (whom'there are scores) are n?ot taken to the Catholiec Chapel, while this privllege is allowed the Protestant inmites.'" How can the Government expect the former to reform, when they are not allowed to worship the God' of their':fathiers on the Sabbath day . WE understand that The Faction is about to imitate the friends of the Monitor journal, by assembling at Cummins's, and subscribing towards the discharge of the amount of a late verdict and costs. ' WE' re~gret to hear.very unfavourable accowmts of tihe sealing trade. "Where" IC(says an old sealer) "two years ago, 18,000 to 20,000 skins were to be obtained with 20 hands, from.:3000 to 5,000 only. are yielded with ao hands, and they at a cost of from 15se. to 2os. each." The Persevfrance; lately from Macquarie Islaoed, brings the news that the Sydney Packet had sailed for Ribo de Ja aeiro, with a full cargo of elephant oil, and wouldd return from thence with American produce. . ,, Tas Goverior, In the General Order jnat published'oni :the subject, says, that ' asfar as possibley'.convic$s are to tbe assigned to country settlers rather, lbas 'tot e:town. ,We approve of the pwiniple on a ibr'oat.bottom. -:But we hope the rule " as far as 'possible," will be. rendered; something less loose- otherwise it will in effect ,mean;: that all the.. creatures of Government ip Syidney shall have as many good men s they like, and: others none at all. . EVERY thing we hear f romn overnmedt,'whether in, Sydliey or in Downing Street, slhes the severt of the measures adopting towards the unfortunate convicts. The principle of example is maintained, 'but that for the reformationl of the individual himself, is abandoned. The abandonment of the mercy and benignancy of Mac quarie's policy is-the work of The Faction. We could be tempted to wish they might experience at the hands of their Maker, the same measure of forbearance and pity they have shewn to this class of men. , If they ever say their prayers (which we 'acknowledge is doubtful) they ask God to do- this. Therefore, it cannot be iun lawful in us to wish their prayers may be answered. . All men for life will be bush-rangers sooner or later. Tun. Dignitaries and common Clergy of the Church of England, in bad times, in times disgraceful to God and man, were farmers huinters and horse- jockies. The old ' han'ds are irreclaimable, and doubtless will die in their sins. But it is to the credit of all the young Clergy, that they farm little or none, and hunt and play cards never. After the great noise which Mr. Marsden's sheep-farming, and wheat-farming, and cattle-dealing has made in Europe, when he had only 250l. a-year, we are extremely sorry to learn, by the evidence in the late fa- mous trial of Broadbear v. the Justices, that the Vene- rable the Archdeacon should be a partner in sheep with Mr. Mc'Alister. Surely 3,000l. a-year is enough for a self-denying Christian Priest. He cannot farm for amusement, as his sheep, are nearly 200 miles from Syd- ney. Mr. Marsden did render the colony great service by his introduction into the colony of Merino sheep, but Mr. Scott may well leave this sort of patriotism to the scores of Laity now engaged therein. When Mr. Scott was subpoenaed on the late trial, he declined at- tending unless sent for, because he was doing business "with and for" the Governor. With and for? Pray, as neither the Executive nor Legislative Councils were sitting, is there some Cabinet Council besides? And if so, who are the members? WE quite 'disagree with the' false patriotism of The Australian, in condemning the sale of the Government cattle on long credit. 'At the gpeat sale at Parramatta this time last year, it was expected that the terms would be cash, and all the monied men of Sydney and the co lony attended, expecting to get quite a chop of a bargain. The length of credit entirely destroyed these pleasing hopes. In stept scores of poor but honest settlers, a -great many of' our native youth 'among others; and clubbing together, they bought the several lots at such prices as they considered would enable them to pay for them in due time. The due time may not yet be arrived, but we will venture to say .the Government will not lose 5 per cent on the whole sales, Which we consider no thing, considering the high prices the' cattle fetched. These high. prices, however, are nobody's lose. The cattle are now worth all the money, with 'the expense of keep added thereto. The difference has come out of the, ground-the native grass, without rent, has yielded the difference. We would advise Government, if for once it would do a popular thing, to advertise in the public news-papers, that all the purchasers of last year, by giving additional security, for another year for their debts, may have twelve nonths' longer credit., By this means, Government will get all the money, and the country will be benefited into the bargain. ANOTHER resident at Hunter's River begs usn to Inform the Go vernment, that the heels 'of the horses of.'the brave Mounted Police are cracking for the want of work-the men growing un wieldly fat-and that by carrying the letters up and down the river, they will hear of the maraudings.ot the Blacks and.of the Bush rangers, kieep their. horse,. and selves in better health, and in woiking order, and altogethe~r kill not merely two, but three or. four birds with one stone. The Gazette reports a dozen of the natives of Newcastle to. have been shot near Mlr. M'Cloydc s Farm, detected' in, stealing maize. We have a high opinion of the' bravery of the Natives, but we cannot believe at present, that;. they would stand the fire of our musquetry until, a dozen of them were killed. They are neither such desperqte thieves nor suchk desperate heroes as this report makes them out. ' At the Parramatta Bench lately, 75 ainhes were ordered to a prisoner, 'who thought it his duty to comrmunicate the fact to' " The Authorities, thathis overseer had been drunk. Two WrIT NRsSES howeveu deDosed to his not being LIQUoR-isn (as the witty reporter has it) at the hour alleged. Now we should like to know two thirigs. Whether the said two witnesses were prisoners, under the controul of the accused as their overseer, and whether the Court did not.allow time to the accuser to substantiate his charge by calling fresh witnesses? If these two suggestions of ours be correct in fact, why then we think a reprimand, or three Saturdays' lumbering an infinitely more just and merciful punish ment than 75 lashes were. In the.same report, we find a poor wretch was ,purnished with the ecourge, forcutting abit of Are-wood on.the sacred territories..of Mr. M'Arthur, whether the Honour able Mr. John or ME. H. M'Arthur, the reporter sayeth not. Lumbering for a day or two, and not flogging, would' have been a more natpral soet of humanity we think, for such' an ofFtece. Tai Editor of the Australian, of the Ioth instant, %nc page, 4th column, last paragraph,.hae ea6baged our peculiar views and sentiments on the licensing of publie houses, s any one may satisfy himself who takes the troubleto look into the Monitor of the "S'PAof Septeinber last t L; cig luiiin"%1 four last pawrapaxbs, which. t i , p ,t..of the . apy?.. ..er. . .- . . ...s . .. . . 1821, to-Governor Macqubile andfb I ua " jointly. W Wheevtr waail.oiurtseqs% tpi Editors " bright ideas'," we oak0t h surable etiO#rf the original owner. We never piratica?y h. e good sense.of our. contemporarie,: without, do0b them the jiustice.of. saying;," aqs the Australian justy o serv? 9 in the -iaper;of. such a date.". .-But this conduct oi; t "he part of the,Editor of the Australian, in making oura se timents his.own, is all of a-niece with his conduct. to is ever since the envied and detested Mgnitor was .usheied into existence. " \- - TsE Nationalities of England are to be, it is said; ce lebrated in Sydney.withunusual splendour, on St. George's Day, and that Government House will .be the scene of an- Entertainment to be given. to all, the Officers. and Dignitaries of the Colony,, equal in .magnitude to any which has ever distinguished the.hospitality of anyfor mer Governor. 