A HUNGRY GHOST. The City of Norwich has been for several days past thrown into very great alarm, oc- casioned by strange and unaccountable noises, proceeding from a House on Orford-hill, oc- cupied by a very inoffensive old gentleman of the name of Hartt.--The circumstances at- tending this extraordinary occurrence appear to be, that Mr. Hartt, who is a nervous sort of man, possessing property to a considerable amount, has been annoyed by a ghost appear- ing to him, for several nights past, in various shapes, calling out, in a horrible and loud voice, " Beware ! Leave off your wicked life, Hartt!--Read your Bible !" The old gentleman made his neighbours acquainted with the circumstances, and they all instantly volunteered to sit up with him during his frightful and sleepless nights. Night after night passed away, and no appa- rition appeared, still the noises were repeated with unabating horror, calling out to Hartt, to read his Bible, and to leave off his wicked way of life--an unnecessary piece of advice, for poor Hartt bears an unexceptionable moral character. The neighbours, imbibed the alarm, but mustered up sufficient courage to com- mence a vigilant search--into whatever room they travelled, however, this odd voice was sure to accompany them, calling out lustily, for " Bread and butter --ham, bread and butter--blow my guts, I am so hungry." Strange and unaccountable as it all appeared, no person present was even able to trace out from whence or from whom the voice proceed- ed--sometimes it assailed them as if it pro- ceeded out of the walls, at other times either from the ceiling or from the floor. An ex- traordinary circumstance like this, could not fail at length to alarm the whole city, and hundreds flocked night after night to hear the hungry ghost cry out " Ham and bread and butter,"---On Saturday last, the Mayor des- patched several of the police to the spot to ex- amine the premises, with directions not to quit them without ascertaining the real fact. They searched into every hole and corner, remaining there during the whole night, but all to no purpose, the roof of the building was not even omitted in their search. It was, according to report, at length con- ceived prudent to lay it by holy word. A Reverend Gentleman was found, who pro- ceeded to the spot, but, in defiance of the priest, the spectre raised its frightful noises again, which rattled horribly through all the old chambers, at the same time telling him " to go home, and not come there praying." The Reverend Gentleman, unaccustomed to have mockery added to his responses, soon left the house. A stout knight of the thim- ble living near, now doubly persuaded that the noise carne from some villain concealed in the wall, fearlessly asserted he would find it out in he marched stiff as buckram, shouldering a huge poker, determined to exhibit himself sole victor in the combat, assuring his neigh- bours that the spectre should not long be suf- fered to go unpunished: His search was first on the ground floor, and voices on both sides rose loud on his ear. He paused, but, eager for the conflict, he ascended the stairs, the voice all the time echoing his name, and telling him to go home, it was of no use." On leaving one chamber, a large box was thrown at him, which rolling down the stair- case, so alarmed the affrighted knight, that he soon hastened away, fairly vanquished. The next knight who sought to lay this spectre was one whose honours were conferred on him at the last Coronation. He soon dis- covered the author of the trick. It proved to be the servant girl of the house, who pos- sessed an extraordinary power of ventrilo- quism. The girl was immediately taken into custody, since which no noise has been heard by poor Mr. Hartt." oeo , Saturday, the Acndemy of Fine Arts held a sitting jn Taris, for the distribution of the great prizes of paint- ing, sculpture, architecture, engraving, and musical composition. At this sitting, the Perpetual Secretary of the Academy rend some biographical notices, which appeared to the Assembly to partake some» hat of the character of this title, and like it to have no end. Hisses, laughter, and ironical applause were the con- sequence, till the poor secretnry, in defence of his prolixity, positively introduced a detachment of sol. diers to impose silence on the audience, or to turn its out, if it continued rebellioiisly deaf to the beauties of his style and the stores of 'his information. This nppenlto martial low, however, was not successful. It terrified the Indies, «ho climbed over the seats, and scattered themselves in every corner of the ball, but it had no other effeot on the public than to in. crease its disposition to lough at the bad writing of the perpetual gentleman, anil at the irruption of the military into she domains of literature. PARIS, Aug. l8.-About l8 months ago Biron James Rothschild married his own niece, the daughter of his bro- ther, Solomon Kothschild ; the latter generally resides at Vienna, but at present is in Paris. All the brothers will set out in a few days for London, 'lliese opulent bankers ap- pear determined to manage matters in such a way that their immense riches shall not go out of the family. Another marriage between the children of two of the brothers will be celebrated in the course of a fortnight in London. The fu- ture bridegroom is the young'Baron A.-S. Rothschild, the son of S. Rothschild ; the bride is the eldest daughter of It. M. Rothschild. The lady is 19 years of age, beautiful and highly accomplished; she speaks, French, Gorman, anil Italian, with the fluency of a uative. After the nuptial cere, many is performed, the young couple will proceed to Paris where a magnificent hotel in the Hue (l'Artois is already pre- pared for their reception- Several splendid fetes are to be given by the family on the happy occasion. Mr.'Rothschilil still continues to interest Himself in favour of the unfortunate family of Reymoud, the clerk who robbed him of £00,000, and who was sentenced, st the lust nssi/cs, to eight years' confinement, ah c1 to be put in the pillory. The great in. fluence Mr. Rothschild possesses with the Ministers will ena- ble bim, most probably, to obtain a commutation of the pu. iiishmcnt. Bills to the amount of SOIll. were'found in Re'y. mood's desk after he absconded ; they have been giveu up to his wife, and she will he able to recover the amount. Affair op Honour-Lieut. G-, of the Wavy and Captain K-, of the Horse Guards, attended by two friends, nnd » medical gentlemen, met yester- day mo ming at Wimbledon, tu settle n dispute which bud arisen, the night before, at a certain notorious house in the neighbourhood of St. James's. Every endeavour was made to bring about n reconciliation, but the pui tics were resolved to settle themffetr honour- ably and accordingly they took their ground. We regret to add, that at thefiist fire the pistol of Captain K-'- took efleet, though not mortally, ns we under- stand. Lieut, G---was wounded in ibe |iip; but, upon being removed from tlie gioiiud, the medical gentleman «ho attended, pronounced it as his opinion, that there was no serious danger to be apprehended. On the 29th July last, in I'ilt-street, Kent-rmul, Mrs. Surah Dedient died iii the 105th y enrol her nge ; she was a native of Paiicruf, in Staffordshire, and well remembered the British tioops, under the Duke of Cninbeilnud, marching ¡mollie town and hulling in Stoncy-fields on their route against the Pieleuder; nnd used to tell -imiiiv o piétinant tale of herself1 nnd other young lasses, who curried beer out in poils io give the soldiers. It was from her father's.inu-yaid that Lord Anson, after his leltir» from his voyage round the world, had endeavoured to raise pine apples in this country. She possessed ii most extra ordinary spirit of loyalty, being always highly its - dignant nt any disrespect paid to any 'branch of the Royal Family. She never knew tlie tasto of medicine, and only kept her bed ii week previous to her decenve. She lived in four Kings' reigns-namely, George I. I,, iV. Her venerable remains were interred, on Sun- day last, in the burial ground, New Bundill fields, New Dover-road. The eliief mounters: were two of her dangin««,, one aged 7ß, and the oilier O. Her maiden name was Fiiltlh'iuie, and she always avowed that lier family came over with William' Hie Conqueror. Thubíday EviiNiNu, OíT. Sß. -Pi i vate I letters, received in town from Paris this morning, mention, that official dispatches | had readied thal capital from Constant i no pie, »(».Ung, that the Russian ultimatum l.dd bein formally accepted by the Porte; and that a íreaty of Peace, founded on it, badi been signed by the Musco* ile, and Turkish" Commissioners at Akerinauu. '1 lite import- ant result we anticipated. Turkey could in iké no stand, bhe would be strangled in llie gripe of the Northern Giant. Su tan Mali moud lind no possible resource bul submission. War is, however, lor the pre- sent avoided, and u temporary bar opposed lo the insatiate ambihoii of Russia. How long the truce, between stienglb and weak tie««, will endure, is another question. A file of Buenos Ayres papers, from the 17 li Julj, to the 5lh of August inclusive, reached us this morning. The war, between Buenos Ayit» and Brazil, was still raging fiercely. Mcasurti were taken lo increase the irmy T.vo new rtgirnenta of cavalry were to be fonned, and a third battalion ot Cazadores. A jóurriai of tlie 27lb stales, that some English amateurs performed the play of the mountaineers, on the evening of the 24th, for the benefit of the wounded / seamen, and the widows of those, who had ) fallen. A gre it many hnglish ladies and gentlemen, are slated to have been present ; and th theatre was crowded 'Unis our amusements, and our drama are seen and heard for the first time, in South A menea. Wl o could have prophesied such a change even twenty-yetrs since? A paper of the 1st of August details an action in t>igbt of t Bin.no* A} re», between the two fleets, on I th. 30lh of July. It lasted an hour and a hilt, without any decisive lesull on either üide. The short dispatch of General, or Commodore Brown, claims no victory for the Buenos Ayreans. « We have sougl^, "oterlaken, fough"" but not yielded," the. General writes. There is not much of tri- umph in ibis It is ndt like Ca^ar's '« Vcni, tidi, Vici." The squadron he commanded, *n ile red considerable los?. Many wire killed and wounded on board his ships ; among the rekt, his Captain, Espora, who was completely disabled. The Brazilians have probably claimed a complete vic tor j' in this encounter. In one ship of the Bue- nos Ajres squadron, the Mefronza, six were killed and twenty wounded. Among the latter »as Mr. Grenfell, the second in com- mand. A paper of the fifth slates, that the Chili squadron, which was coming to the aid of Bueno« Ayres had been delayed, lon- ger than was expected, fiom the desire by the Cpmtntisiotii rs, to tnciease it with three additional vessel». fhii protracted and unnatural contest, between the two States, can bring no possible benefit to either. We trus our interference may reconcile both parties, and bring this war to a close. Mr. Canning, on Sa'urday last, quitting the Gourt «f Assizes m Pans, stopped to admire a monument raised to the unfortu- nate Malsheibes. M. Bosio, sculptor to the King, and author of the two statues which stand on each side the portrait of IVlal slierbes, presented himself to the English Minister, und received the most flattering praise for his fine sculpture. Lord Ponsonby left Rio for Buenos Ayres on the 28th of August. 11 was expected, that on the arrival of his Lordship in the Rio Plata, etery thing would be amicably ai ringed between Brawl and Buenos Ayres. The statutes of this country occupy 45 OOO close quarto pages, and the reports of com- mon law decisions continu illy referred lo are contained in no less th in 55 OIK)other pigeg. So that the evidential books of It gal autho- rity consibt of about 100,000 pages. Tliene b.ioks are of course exclusive of ihe diffdii nt 1 abridgements and treatises of law, and ni *" gnmeiits and comments orí legal decision*. Of these, Vesey'«, Comjo'i-, and Bacon's works contain a quantity ot type equal to 200,000 common octavo pages In the year 1699 lhere were no Icm linn 40 vessels belonging to the port of Bideford, employed in the Newfoundland trade! and now t'lt'ie is not a single vessel belonging to the port employed in that tr ide. The Kmg of the Nelherhnds Ins given 20,000 florins towards rebuilding St. Paul's at Rome. The Pope, in acknowledging the princely donation, hopes that the Roman Catholic might be equally liberal if Protestant churches had to be rebuilt ! The Blanket TRADE - A writer in a neighbouring paper (says the Leeds Metea ii/), alluding to ihe remarks on the blanket trade in our last", thinks it necessary to in- form the public that the price of blankets r varies, according to the quality of the wool I with which they are made, from 1«. 61. to 2s. per lb, and that consequently those made from an1 inferior wool do no1 sell for the same price a« those, made from wooi of a su- perior quality ' Most buyers and sellers of hlankct«, we suppose, ire aware of this tru- ism, '«But, il s ! no description of blankets could be bought all«.. 4d. alb within the list month, and if the writei in the Mricuri/ will enquire of any who liny bl-in kets tie will find that to be the case. Without inquiring into the subject, which ive should have thought wholly unoecissary, a correspondent of ours at Halifax, of iin queülioiiible veracitj, write* thus " I can- not let the isii riion m the Intelligincct piss without flatly contradicting it» and I beg io inform you that I had a lot of bUnkels delivered at my warehouse on Tuenhy U-,1 the 3d. tust., al I«. 3d. per lb. .in«I I have or- ders out now for blankets at Is. 3 . per ii», winch orders have been g vtu this week. If you wish i>, I will show you the invoice oí the blaukeU al 1 . 3J." itr PRrsrNTmoNoi mc city or cork M i lit uiiett li is »gain nddrt sseñ 'lie electors li r Hutchinson, ulio lulu Iili n nidispnxtd foi sevcrnl day,-i id (ililigi I in consequence to dmcontiniie lu« c in* i s is i >us di milly itc neild, Mid will be enabled tit i ( su ii< lix letive i xerl'Oiis in a day or two.' Mr, C >ll ij han linn not relaxed intllt> exertions. I lie Kui of Uoiiuiiglimue, uiiafe of Mr. Hutchin- son, is (xpieted in to«n in a few days. -Cork South?) ti Urvoiler Ihe Coumirch op Iiverpooi -Tlie annan! finance net unit!, li ive just liten published, hv oui« r of the House ni Comm in-.. By lins dotumi ill it npppnrs that the whole of the export dntn « fur Gnat Di nain mid In laud, foi tlioyiar ending Olli of Jnimnry la«t, am muted l > Mimili 1 ore« ti upon the mu mut ot tin pn ceding yiar. Of tint sum neailv WOOO/ or tlie great pioporlion of hvo.fidin ot ihe «hole, wa« collect» J at Liverpool, whilst london Loutiibutid scarcely 30,090/. Liver- pool Courier. 