WE perceive by the Government Notice of the 30th ult. that His Excellency is making up the year's ac- counts, and we begin to have a glimmering hope we shall be favoured with a copy, by which we shall be let into the secret what has become of the enormous sums which have been exacted of the inhabitants of this colony of late, without their consent, contrary to an express clause in Magna Carta, and in.opposition to the whole spirit of the British Constitution. With a six- tieth part of the population of the American colonies, just previous to their unhappy rupture with Great Britain (an event which we do from the bottom of our hearts sincerely hope will never happen to this colony, because of the two, we consider friendship with England as long as the world lasts, will be the interest and glory of this country)—we say, with a sixtieth of our popu- lation it should seem, we are paying a sum equally large as the said 3 millions ; namely, the outrageous sum of 60,000l. ! ! ! It is now understood (and we feel in- dignant at the discovery) that Lord Bathurst is not so cordial towards a House of Assembly as he ought to be. We are glad, therefore, Parliament has been petitioned as well as the King. From the good feeling of the Commons, when the last New South Wales act was passed, we have no fear of the result of the petitions, whatever degree of support or oppdsition Governor Darling may think it expedient to give that to the King. THE COLONIAL TIMES of Hobart Town narrates a piratical sei- zure of an English built Sloop, the ELLEN, near the mouth of the Derwent, on the 13th of January, by twelve prisoners, who had just escaped from the Barracks. After giving chace to the ELLEN for some hours, the pirates came up with her, when the master and three seamen who formed the crew, being quite unarmed, hoisted out their boat and got away. A proportionate supply of provisions was on board, and 30 gallons of water. The master appears to have been influenced partly by fear in abandoning the vessel, and by a desire to return to the Derwent in order to give early inform- ation. No tidings has yet been heard of the Sloop.—The Lieute- nant Governor is said to be well aware of the policy of granting Pardons, Emancipations and other indulgences, to those Crown Prisoners who render by information or otherwise important ser- vice to Government—this line of policy is continually productive of beneficial results. A Prisoner of the Crown recently arrived in that Colony, has thrown much light upon a system of fraud pur- sued in the commission of Forgeries upon His Majesty's Treasury. £50 was offered the Individual by a Mercantile house, to mark their sense of the important service he performed, which he very independently declined accepting. The Inhabitants of Hobart Town have recently solicited the Government in his behalf. The amount of the fraud was £50,000. Four individuals are in custody. —The Crops of Derwent Potatoes are unusually promising this season. THE Masonic Brethren of "The Marine Lodge of Austra- lia," have received by the Magnet from England an elegant set of Insignia ; The Silken Banner representing JOHN the tutelar Saint of the Order in his Evangelical and Apostolical capacities, on either side surrounded by the symbols of Truth, Eternity, Eloquence, &c.; executed in a chaste and natural style, by Harpur of London, professionally employed by the Grand Lodge of England. The Columns of the Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian Orders in Brass, richly lacquered, convertible into Candlesticks on Lodge Days, are specimens of taste and elegant simplicity. Silken Collars for the six officers for the suspension of the Jewels, with aprons of the same material, render the service befitting the Australian Lodge. The Paintings of the Masonic Emblems complete this paraphernalia and reflect credit upon the Artist ; the whole do honour to the liberality of Lodge No. 266. THE papers published in the Morning Chronicle, and re- published in the Australian are, to all who have any knowledge of Patriot Field, our ex-judge, palpably the work of his va- cillating apothecary. like mind. It would be tiresome to our readers to quote passages in proof, but the old colonists see Barron-ness in every paragraph. Tho' the descendant of Oliver Cromwell does not love the person of Mr. John M'Arthur, his Toryism was, if any thing, still more ultra. We are quite sure he hates the emancipists worse than our Council-man. BESIDES playing at fives in the Market-house on the Sab- bath-day, a parcel of ill-dressed vagabond- looking native boys, are continually playing at cricket in the environs of the town (Hyde Park, &c.;) on the same day. We wish the justices and constables here would imitate the venerable Dr. Harris, who in Kertan's business, reprimanded some native lads for being in the watch-house 24 hours without any thing to eat, whither they had been safely lodged the day before, (Sunday) for hearing. Kerton read a chapter in the bible. THE body of the unfortunate Mr. Adair was found on Mon- day afternoon about 4 o'Clock, near to the spot where he sank, and was immediately taken to the Australian Hotel. Tile Corpse was in a very bad state from having been four days in the water, and being now exposed to the air, putrefac- tidn of course went on rapidly. Constables surmmoned a Jury consisting of some of the most respectable Merchants in Sydney, and after waiiting an hour for the Coroner, some of the Jury waited upon the latter, who said his precept had been issued for six o'clock the next morning, but that he had told the Constable he would sit at six o'clock that evening, if a Jury could be summoned—he therefore promised to attend on them immediately ; after waiting another hour, one of the Jury again went down to the residence of the Coroner ; some friends were drinking wine with him in the parlour ; he refu- sed to come, saying his precept was for the morning. (If so why direct the Constables to summon for the evening ?) Mr. Underwood made an appeal to the feelings of Mr. Slade, sta- ting that the brother of the unfortunate Gentleman deceased was in attendance, and earnestly desired to enclose the body in a coflin that night. The appeal was made in vain. TWO persons named Peebles and Prince, have been convic- ted during the present week, in the penalty of 251. and costs each, for illegally retailing spirits. Excellent sport this for a new Colony ! The blessed Excise of England (in debt a thou- sand millions) by teaching the people to lie in wait for and in- form against each other, is conferring all its moral and other inestimable benefits on this community, which does not owe six-pence, and for whom Excise laws are a pure wanton indic- tion of misery and demoralization, without the shadow of an excuse to justify it. WHENEVER a County-meeting is held in New South Wales, the mmilitary and civil otticers crowd round the Sheriff before he goes into the town-hall, and also when he gets there, and beg of him for Heaven's sake, to prevent inflammatory observ- vations by Botany Bay radicals, &c.; &c.; The consequence is, at our public meetings, nobody takes the trouble to deliver his sentiments, and the whole business seems to be huddled in a corner, and to be really "got up." The other day, P eti- tions to the King and Parliament were read and passed, all in a couple of hours ! Yes (gentle readers who live in England) a petition of considerable length, and containing matter of the most vital importance, and affording field for eight or ten hours discussion, at least, was moved, read, and carried, all in two hours ! The mover, therefore, though a little inflam- matory (as the nudgings of the Sheriff by Police Magistrates and Commandants, and the winks and shakings of head of civil and military officers, all about the poor Sheriff, clearly indicated) was, however, permitted by the latter, in spite of the same, to go through his able, patriotic, and independent expla- nation. But when another radical orator commenced his illustrations, the Sheriff was winked and nodded at 'till he in- voluntarily, and in opposition to his own very English feelings, hinted to the said radical, the propriety of his holding his tongue. Other people, of course, were abashed at the fate of the said orator, and dare not even venture to rise. Now in our humble opinion, it would look and sound much better in Lon- don and in the House of Commons, if Sir James Macintosh could point to the speeches of the colonists at large, and shew the House that the petition presented by him was not "got up," ready cut and dried, and passed with an anxious, frightened haste—but on the contrary, that its merits were deliberately, patiently, and soberly discussed for many long hours, by men of all parties and all ranks and degrees, who had intellect enough to shew their opinion thereon. This would look much better as the act of the people than a breath- less haste—a "quick—presto—begone" juggling kind of ra- pidity—such as, in fact, distinguished the late County- meeting. THURSDAY being the first day of the first Term for the year 1827, the Supreme Court met, but no business of interest was transacted. FIFTEEN men arrived in Town on Thursday and have been lodged in Gaol, committed for Trial from Bathurst on charges connected with Cattle Thefts. THE fine Estate of Denbigh in the District of Cooke, the resi- dence of the late Charles Hook, Esq. was brought to the hammer on Thursday, and knocked down to G. T. Palmer Esq. for the sum of £1,400 Sterling. A DESPERATE affray took place on Thursday evening, between a party of the 39th regt. and some civilians. It appears that half a dozen of the former were drinking in a public-house in Kent Street ; three towns-men in- sulted them, and blows were exchanged ; the skirmish for a time subsided, and the soldiers left the house. Shortly after, a troop of these pot-valiant heroes returned to the charge, some of them with bayonets concealed up the sleeves of their frocks, and made a discriminate attack upon whoever chanced to come in their way. A. respectable man, named Smallburn, on his way home, was suddenly knocked down, and received a bayonet wound in the head; his clothes and person were left in a pitiable condition. George Osmer, a constable, was se- verely wounded by the like means in the groin ; a frag- ment of rock about 3lb. weight was thrown with vio- lence at Chapman, which struck him on the breast. A man named Sloane, deposed to by the landlord of the public-house, as one who had insulted the soldiers, and struck him (the landlord) was brought before the police. The soldiers could.not identify him—he was committed for trial. Patrick Hogan, private in the 39th regt. was sworn to as having thrown the stone at Chapman. The business was deferred. SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT. FRIDAY, FEB. 2—GEORGE WORRAL stood indicted for the wilful murder of Frederic Fisher, at Campbell Town, on the 17th of June last. The deceased, Fisher, who was possessed of some property, inhabited the same dwelling with Worral and four other men. He had previously been in gaol, during which time the pri- soner acted as agent for him. On the night in question, the deceased went out as he was frequently known to do, but on this occasion never returned. Surprising to say, his sudden disappearance did not for some time excite particular observation. A report was subsequently cir- culated by the prisoner, that to avoid debt, he had left the colony by the "Lord Saint Vincent," no such ship having been in the harbour. The seizure of Fisher's property, horses, &c.; by Worral, excited suspicion, and a receipt which he held for one of the horses was proved to be forged. A reward was offered for the dis- covery of the body, supposed to be murdered, diligent search was made, and it was at length found by the blacks, burried on Worral's farm. Gilbert, an aboriginal native, blood having been seen on a contiguous fence, stopped at a water hole, and seeing a kind of scum on the water, waded in, and with a corn-leaf took it off the surface, exclaiming, "this is the fat of a white fellow ;" the creek was traced upwards, and the body was disco- vered buried in a swamp. It was examined by Dr. Hill, and extensive fractures were found on the back part of the skull. After this, Worral (being in custody) made a voluntary declaration, acknowledging himself particeps criminis, inasmuch as having the knowledge of the deed, which he alledged to have been committed by a fellow- lodger, Lawrence, (now in custody.) After a patient investigation of a voluminous mass of evidence, the chief justice charged the jury in a most dispassionate manner, and the jury returned a verdict of guilty. His honor proceeded to pass sentence, and named Monday, as the termination of the prisoner's earthly career. WITH a debt of a thousand millions consumed in "JUST AND NECESSARY wars," and not at all from the vainglorious ambition, and the love of fighting ; the adults of England, it is calculated, pay taxes to the amount of £4. a head. The taxes of America, at the great rupture, were about a shilling a head, when the country was 200 years of age. This colony is only 39 years old, yet our taxes on free adults, amount to £3. a head ! ! ! 