FIRST SYMPTOMS OF ALARM. A constant Reader of the Australian, alias the worthy Editor himself, for truly, we do believe, he is the most constant reader in his list, publishes in the last number of that Journal, what he, no d.oubt, believes to be a " home thrust" at our daily labours. This movement« we are not at all surprised at, as it may fairly very be considered not only as the "first fruits" of Dr. Wardell's dismay, but also, as the earliest indication of what he apprehends from a Daily Paper that shall continue to maintain that high ground which it has occupied at starting. We, however, led ourselves in duty bound lo return our most hearty thanks to the Doctor, for a mope decided testimony than hi* last sq.uib has never been publicly given to the real ex- cellence of our Paper; and we, therefore, are quite willing to pardon the intent, with which it was put forth, in consideration of the positive good which it has enacted. Coming from »uch a man, it is an invalua- ble recommendation, and we beg to assure the learned Gentleman, that if he wiil not permit us to enrol him in the list of our well-wishers, we shall ever regard him as our loremosi and most substantial benefactor. Some people might- think the bitter words the Doctor uses, as " ira»hy nonsense," ** p^nny trumpet," &c.; rallier an ungrate- ful rellim for the honourable mention of his name, which has been made, at sundry times in our column?, and recollecting, as he must, the many occasions on which we introduced him to public notice in very " worshipful society." But, we are not so fastidious« The acrimony of thesty le detracts not in the least (rom the value of the in- censé, nor the sura of our gratitude. It will serve us more than the most direct puff we could have sent forth; and we may fairly calculate, upon the strength of Dv. Watdell's good word, that in another month the circulation of our Journal will be doubled. Though we can aflbrd the Doctor our pardon, however, in consideration of the unintentional benefit he has con/erred upon us, still we do not mean lo let him off with out somehttleadmoniuon ; not so much with a prospective view lo his reformation, for iii deed we almost fear, he is incorrigible, bul purely to dispel the mist which might, per- chance, cloud the understanding ol a lew oí those who will peruse the Doctor's last squib, and not see its meaning so clearly as we, and the majority of Hie Public do. The benifis, which a Daily Journal will im- part, particularly in a trading community, are almost incalculable. Advertisers must, at all times give the preference to a Daily Paptr, ?nd numerous advertisements will thereby appear in its columns, of which iho&e; who are most interested, will remain in total ignorance, unless by a peep into the columns of the Sydney Gazette. The Go- vernment Orders too, will at all times, be promulgated, immediately on being pre- pared, as the Authorities are now no longer restricted to a day, so that priori!) in ibis most essential and important branch ot infor- mation is established beyond a doubt, and thus, in fact, the proceedings of the Execu- tive, in which the Public at large, and more especially the Commetcial portion, are in general so deeply interested, must be copied by« the Journals from our pages, in order to impart one ray of information to some stray Readers, or others who may happe.. not to have been cognizant of the then, mayhap, three days'-old news. Indeed, the importance of the Govern- ment Notices towards inducing even a partial sale of the oiher Journals, is tacitly confessed, by the Australian himself, in his last number, wherein the '« Order" lor the granting of Tickets of Leave is pressed by ihe Doctor into the *' rear of his Paper," afier having already been disseminated all over the Country in the columns of the Sydney Gazette, from which even the Moni- tor, far a more popular Journal, and more widely circulated, is likewise constrained to extract his information in ibis lespcc'. if, in fact, proof were at all necessary to demonstrate ilie manifest superiority of our daily Journal over the twice-a-week pro- ductions of the Australian, we would only lequue the most ordinary observer to take the first three Numbers of our new publi- cation, and compare them as to the number of advertisements, of paragraphs, and variety of original and selected matter, with the Doctor's bagatelle oí yesterday, and, on thii test alone, we are content to stake our ré- putation. " Seeing" say» the proverb, "is believing," and we, therefore, earnestly in- vite the, attention of our Readers to the comparison we have pointed out. They will not, after such an inspection, again be- lieve the Doctor, we promise them, nor will any little underhand representations, by means of petty agents or others, avail io depreciate the va'ue of our exertions. An honest man may take a knave's advice, But idiots only will lie cozened twice, We, however, have reason to rejoice «i; the success of our endeavours in the public senke. We have not beet» idle in the cause, and, we trust we may say> we have done our Duty; and if a patronage i he most unbounded, und a confidence un limited in its mu ure and extent, be to he taken as the criterion of the approbation «if the Public, we have had our reward. We have foujht the good fight ; we have made exertions hitherto unknown to the Colonial. Press ; our predictions as to our decided success have been fulfilled, and we shall go on and triumph. THE FREEMASONS. We shall never allow the REPRESENTATIVE of our KING to be insulted by any Body, or any individual; and, though we rank not among those "FRIENDS" of the Governor, who would heedlessly "shew him up," yet we shall never enquire of HIS EXCELLENCY whether we are to defend him from insult, or whether we are to allow him to be trod upon by the alledged "scum of London." When we permit any gentleman thus to stamp upon ROYALTY, in the person of the GOVERNOR, then we shall justly lose our claim to unaffected, and we may sav, without fear of contradiction, disinterested loyalty. From principle we are loyal - from prin- ciple we venerate and support the Colonial Govern- ment. When our eyes came first in contact with the impudent and infamous slur which was levelled at the Chief Personage in the Country, in the report the Australian gave of the late Masonic Dinner, we, at the instant, exonerated the Brethren from so foul a charge ; and whether we were justified in that view will he seen. Admitting that the toast had been drunk in "solemn silence," there was little need of wickedly and maliciously omitting one half of the toast. The toast drank was, " Governor Darling and the Co- lony!" But, in the Australian, that portion of the sentence "and the Colony" was omitted, to make way for the substitution of - - "solemn silence !" Is there any doubt, then, of the positive malus animus that in- fluenced the omission, and invented the substitution? Let the Australian reply - if he dare! Rapidly as his mind revolves in the mazes of legal ingenuity, he will find himself at a loss. The man that could insult the Governor, could not find it in his heart to insert the Worshipful Master's letter. No; hut what n*oes he do in the face of truth, decency, and justice? He still pertinaciously adheres to his own infamous falsehoods. We have now said enough. Let the public read the fol- lowing satisfactory explanation, that reflects the high- est credit on the Lodge which has been insulted by a Journal, towards which some of the Brethren contribute their support. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazelle. Sir, Sydney, Jan. 3d, 1826. I beg leave to enclose to you the copy of a letter which I forwarded to Dr. Wardell, requesting that he would, as an act of justice to a Body of which I have the honour to be a member, hasten to give the same insertion, which he has thought proper to refuse. Perhaps you will oblige our Lodge hy giving the same a place. I am, Sir, vour's, &c.; S. TERRY. To the Editor of the Australian. Sir, I beg that you will be pleased to correct a statement which appeared in your Paper of Saturday last; namely, that Governor Darling's health was drank in solemn silence, by the Freemasons, at their dinner on St. John's Day, at the Sydney Hotel. The toast was "Governor Darling and the Colony," after which an appropriate Duet was sung to music, by two of the Band. So much for the solemn silence. If there was no cheering, let me bring to your recollec- tion, that the health of our late excellent Governor, Sir Thomas Brisbane (as well as others), has "been drank while amongst us, without that overt manifesta- tion of regard, and where certainly there has been no intended mark of disrespect towards that highly valued and esteemed character. I have only to add that no possible disrespect was intended in this instance to- wards our present Governor, and this I am bound to say, not only in defence of the Craft, but also on my own personal regard. There are other errors in your statement, but which are of minor importance, and do not therefore require to be dwelt upon. I am, Sir, your most obedient Servant, SAMUEL TERRY, W.M. of the Australian Social Lodge 260. Raw-head and Lake Bathurst have fur- nished a theme for our jaded friend, the Mo- nitor, in his last paper. He sits down con- tentedly, and proceeds to describe the ripping up of a human body, severing the fat from the entrails, anointing the living with it, peeling the flesh from the bones as if peeling an onion, cracking the skull like a nut, the eye of the dead glistening as the flesh is cut away, feasting, upon the latter, and, in fact, producing a tout ensemble more appalling than all that has ever been uttered concerning the Cock-lane ghost. Had the subject which the Monitor revives not been sufficiently dis cussed and investigated, or had there been any neglect on the part of the Government, then he would have been in the way of his duty in calling attention to the question; but after every enquiry had been made, after the Attorney General had thought fit to abandon the case, after the fate of Taylor had waxed eight months old, and after we have established ourselves on friendly terms with the abori gines in the interior, the agitation of such a question, at such a moment, is both impolitic and absurd, and, at all events, completely at variance with the Monitor's former allega- tions respecting the proper mode of treatment of the blacks. In his paper of the 2d of June, which was subsequent to the death of Taylor, he says, "Without an interpreter how could these simple sons of truth compete in a Court with the ins and outs of our English pickpockets, accustomed to chica- nery, false colouring, and plausible pretence from their infancy? not to mention a score of other objections equally valid, and which will strike our Readers without detailing them." . With this we will leave our consistent cont- emporary to the judgment of the Public The Government Order (No. ]) fully jus- tifies the assertion which wo made in reply to the Australian the other day, when faull Was found with the Government for no1 living framed Utiles by which Tickets ol' |,eaVe could be granted. We then stilted, dint rertain Regulations were in contempla- tion, which required some consideration be- fore publicity could be given to them ; but which would be found to obviate many evils that formerly existed, and taken altogether, would place the hystem, adhered tojin grant- ing these indulgences, upon a much more equitable footing! We »ay, the event has fully justified our prediction, with this dif- ference, that we calculated on the proba- bility of a longer time being requisite to frame Rules that would be sufficiently adopted to answer »he iniend d end, when we considered the other multifarious duties thal are known to press so heavily upon the proenl indefatigable Government. 13y i he fo'oitr Regulations a prisoner of the crown could have no chance of a Ticke! of Leave, unies the probationary period bad been confined to the exclusive service oí one master; this was a great evil, because many casualties put it entirely, out of ibe power of the aligned servant to fulfil the stipulated conditions though the rescinded Order itself assumed a different aspee!. The death of the master, his removal from the Colony, or possibly his no1 requiring the services of the prisoner, before be bad served ihe period prescribed by the Govern- ment to entitle bim lo indulgence, were each of tin m sufficient to prevent thal in- dulgence from being gi anted. These dis- advantages were keenly (elt by many deserv- ing individuals, while abundance of rogues found little difiiculty in obtaining the desi- rable Ticket. Now, however, the case is quite altered, for the second section ol' the Order expressly says, that " prisoners will be considered eligible though the number of masters, whom they have served, may exceed the number above specified (mean- ing two) provided it shall clearly appear that their removal from their places was not occasioned by misconduct." This most equitable Rule, therefore, will have ihe effect of awakening the hopes of many who despaired of being ever able to over- come a barrier which appeared lo them to be insurmountable. Tlie next important fea*ure in the new Order, is that which hohl« out a i eduction -'d' ihe probationary period for the apprehension of bo-branders or felons, and the reduction of one year lor the apprehension and conviction of each receiver of stolen property, will g really contribute to diminish a crime, which has hitherto been too successfully practised in this Colony. Crown servants have been too generally parties to the nefarious transac- tions of their masters, as was seen in the case of Cutter, the other day, and indeed in many more instances, which wc could point out; but now that a reward i» held out to induce pi ¡souers to become honest, we have strong hopes that the present mea- sures of the Government will effectually put a stop to the mal- praclices of receivers. 'Ihe mode of application for Tickets of Leave, is one too thal is happily calculated to prevent bad characters from imposing on the credulity of the Government ; for, caus- ing ihe applicants to slate their claims, if claims they can be called, to the Bench of Magistrates of the district to which they belong, and the reference which may be made to the records of the districts to which they havelormeily belonged,will e tfeetually prevent knaves from obtaining that indul- gence which should be exclusively the re- ward of good conduct. Besides, it wa» formerly considered, that the master's ap- proval was absolutely requisite, but now the servant will have fair play, for a certificate of good conduct from the master is not to be considered indispensable lo a servant'» obtaining a Ticket of Leave. We do not *leem ii necessary to slate to our Readers, that masters were frequently in the habit formerly of abusing their authority, because «very one is acquainted with the fact ; they will, therefore, see ihe propriety of the pre- sent considerate Regulation. But taking the present Rules in the aggregate, ihey will be fouud, we are quite certain, the best calculated io promote ihe interests of all classes in the Community, while the good morals of the prisoner, who receives the reward of meiit, is moss specially provided for in the 14th and 15th clauses of the Order, 5>s, if they neglect to attend their Quarteiiy Musters, or Divine Worship, when . they do- not reside at a distance greater than five miles from a place where they may perform their religious duties, they will no longer be considered eligible to hold the indulgence of « Ticket of Leave. The well-behaved, however, will receive every indulgence, and the assurance contained in ihe 15th or concluding clause of the Order, namely, that the holding a Ti-ckel, of Leave for u period of six year«, will be a recom- mendation to the individual rrrotving n Conditional Pardon, will, we have abundant reason to believe, have ihe (fleet which the benevolent intention of His .Excellency con- templated. Since anting these remarks, we .have seen these offered by the Australian. Should wc deem them worth notice, they will be attended to mi cb at our leisure. Mr. and Mrs. Paul, of George-street, gave a splendid entertainment to the Officers of the Warsprite on the evening of Tuesday last. The supper was truly excellent. The songs, with few exceptions, could scarcely be surpassed in London. The music of the first rate. Indeed, the whole went off admirably well ; and, early in the morning, the brave Sons of Neptune were heard, from all points of the compass, like unto Bellona himself, making their way on board, in the best man- ner they were able. The flax, imported by Cooper and Levey, from New Zealand, on the Elizabeth, in which we believe our old and venerable Aus- tralian skipper, Mr. Grono, has a share, is said to be of the very best quality. Only ten tons are imported. Norfolk Island, we hear, produces it spontaneously, and in immense quantities. Perhaps Government might turn their attention ti so valuable an article, and thus furnish ample and profitable employment for the prisoners that continue to flock there. One hundred tons per annum could be worked up by that industrious rope-maker in Cas- tlereagh- street, Mr. Cowell, who, with such implements, would sooner realize a for- tune than by occasionally bargaining for a few tons. We understand, that a satellite of the Australian is employed lo endeavour, privately, to under-rate out publication. This bare statement of this fact will clearly show the envious and malicious spirit by which some of our enemies are actuated. 