Shipping MicUigcnct. «as«. On Friday last arrived, from Hobart Town, which she left the 20th of May, the Honorable East India Company's cruizer Research, Captain Dillon. On Saturday last bailed, for London di- rect, the bhip Australia, Captain Sleight. PROJECTED DEPARTURES.-The Alli- gator is announced to sail, for Port Mac Îuarie, this day.; the Currency Lass, lor ort Dalrymple, to-nionow; and the Mary Hope, for Liverpool, on the lüth instan1'. E in st; COLONEL DUMARESQ, the Private Se- I gc cretary to His EXCELLENCY the G OVER- I tn NOR in CHIEF, and Clerk to the Executive G Council, proves at last to be the " GREAT UHKNOWN" BO much talked of. We shall abstain from the expression of our own feelings on tile occasion, as we know the liberality of-some parties too wtl I to indulge the hope that sincerity and disinterested- ness would be attributed to us-however the fact is known to those who can best appre* ciate it, and by none will it be more sensi- bly experienced than by the Colonel him- self, should his eye ever catch these passing remarks. Whether the Colonel be regarded as an official or a private character, in either, we care nat which, and in both, now that he hus left us» we feel sincere and disinterested pleasure in stating that New South Wales cannot produce his superior in mental worth, and in those accomplishments that «an render man amiable in private or public life. Of one faak^too, we are completely satisfied, that thtnDolonel has, at heart, the moral and political prosperity of Australia, .which will be .satisfactorily developed in the «ourse of some 12 or 15 mouths, of wl tis A bi oí ha hu in an cif Ai g« po da th au ali loi du of tin all wi do eil W£ fei foi Ei or mi tin su pr stî to in THE Currency-question, at the Cape, has excited no small interest there. The papers have been leeming with ingenious disqui- sitions upon the subject ; whilst one Lieu- tenant P. WARDEN GRANT, of the Bengal Revenue-Survey Department, has published a most elaborate and sensibly written treatise in its defence. It may be supposed, there- fore, to have been a matter of no small mo- ment-one pregnant with vast -consequences -and amongst others involving the ruin of the Press at the Cape of Good Hope. Only one Paper, the Cape Town Gazette, is now J OD allowed by the Government there ; Mr. Greig, the opposition Editor, if so he may ou lie designated, was on the eve ef retiring to England when the Mariner left, for the purpose of attempting to seek rel.ef at the hands of the Home Government ; and Mr Biidekirk, the opponent of Mr. Greig, we perceive, had advertised his Journal and materials for sale-so that, with the excep- tion of the solitary insignificant Paper we have already mentioned, the liberty of dis- cussion has experienced -extinction at the Cape of Good Hope. We well remember that the enlightened and lamented Marquis of .HASTINGS, whose death we have had lately to announce in our Journal, imparted .the Liberty of the Press, knocked off its inglorious shackles, whilst Governor Ge- neral of India. Mr. BUCKINGHAM was the first that availed himself of its superla- tive advantages-Mr. BUCKINGHAM, with all his wisdom and talent, was the first that brought about its re-enslavement; for no1 " sooner did the Noble Marquis vacate his , Administrative chair, than his temporary successor, Mr. Adam, visited Albion's Boast and Albion's Safety with the former shackles under which it had previously groaned. As it was at Calcutta, so it has proved,at the Cape. Mr. GREIG knew the precanouskiess of the circumstances under which his extremely sensible paper was per-1 ? mitted to exist-he understood the mixed i I set character of the people amongst whom he J " dwelt--he was awure that the Minister, by j -, the power vested in His Sovereign over a conquered country, with which Parliament can have no legislative interference, could, in an instant, quench the torch of disaffec- tion, and with all thete facts, with a hun- dred others flitting before him, he should haw exercised enough of caution to have induced the Home Authorities to forbear resorting to that step which his rash and determinate way of writing for his Readers, «rai certain ultimately of effecting. Borne men will never grow wiso-their obstinacy will not fail to develope itself throughout every action of their lives. We fear this is |°f «cot« that will not merely apply to Mr.|«b th Li ve sal us M Pt tin cei as be m< as in do to the sui Ms tlu alt tei wc spi in tie be of ve th ric ve all th arl sil fu wi ac wi Buckingham, and attach itself to Mr. Greig, but it will even adapt itself to some in New South Wales. However full of liberty, notwithstanding the unsubdued fire of wild patriotism that may contreul «very thought, still such writers sliould not manifest all dis- regard of adopting a prudent line of conduct, and omit to adapt their lucubrations, their editorial labouis, to the 6oil in which they may be called to figure. Many wise men are of opinion that the same hbur-ties which render England illustrious, and pi ove the bulwark of the Throne, would be extremely dangerous if all at once introduced and acted upon in the burning climes of Hin- dostán ; it is thought that the sable popula- tions of those regions are as yet unripened for such a blaze of intellectual light-and we really are somewhat inclined to be of that opinion- since we have seen that the dicta of many of our greatest and most li- beral Legisiatois express their apprehen- sions, though they have -always given it as their decided opinion, that wherever an. English plantation or colony, there becomes Magna Charta, so fur us local circumstances will pel mit. The Colony at the Cape, though subject to British Governors, is still governed by Dutch laws, which is an evil that cannot well be remedied by the Parent Government, so long as they feel it a point of honor to adhere to the treaty under which the place was surrendered to the Bri- tish force.; but the Editor of the South African Commercial Advertiser could not but have recollected that he was standing on lery tender ground-whereas he seems to have forgotten that his literary exertions j had only a year or two before been suddenly ^ impeded, purely on account of the acerbity w and warmth which he resorted to on criti- t] cising the measures of the Government.. ¡] An uncontrouled power at the Cape, as re- v gards the press, from the character of the " population, we should suppose would be ¡, dangerous, for it is but few or any men r that like to be dictated to by foreigners, J 0 and as the British Powers are viewed as aliens,if not interlopers, hythe Dutch Co- lonists, it cannot be very surprising, upon due representation made to Earl BATHURST of the evil consequences likely to result therefrom, that His Lordship should, under all the circumstances of the case, in his wisdom, think it proper and expedient to put down the press at the Cape, and thereby effectually suppress that virulence which was gradually g 'iierating itself into disaf- fection, and that must have shortly hurst j", forth into open and avowed rebellion. With ti English subjects, and where the population, k or the majority of the people are English- ¡ * men, or the descendants «f Englishmen, ' there is no cause for contemplating evil re- ii suits to flow fiom a corrupt and vitiated w press-the law of libel, as it at present " stands, is, in all conscience, strict enough ? to restrain its abuses ; but we must admit, ti in such a place as the Cape, or in India, the fi objection as to the propriety of a Free Press " may apply with some force, for the fact is obvious to the world, that on most parts of a the continent, and in France especially, the w Liberty of the Press is held by the Go- a vernments to be dangerous to the public w safety, and it seems to be fondly entertained as a maxim by too many of the Continental ,, Monarchs, that, were the Liberty of the ai Press to be established in their kingdoms, 8' their thrones would soon be shaken to the > centre, if not quickly overturned. So long as other nations of the earth, whether they ' be' Spaniards, Austrmns, Turks, or Dutch- men, refute to think, and speak, and write ' p as Englishmen, it will be useless to indulge *' in the pleasing contemplation that the Flee- j? dom of the Press is a tree that will be likely to be cultivated in any other country than that which is purely English ; and even, in such countries, wliere the genius of the Bri- tish Constitution is not in full operation, though the character of the people may be altogether English, nevertheless the liberty of discussion should be managed with much temperance and circumspection, though we would have no man relax in a becoming spirit of boldness, which sliould be allowed in all free-thinking and English communi- ties. Nevertheless it is a fact, which should be faithfully borne in mind by the Journalists Iof this Country, that there is a possibility of verging beyond the fair and legitimate bounds of discussion whilst we are unrepre- sented in a House of Assembly, or in the British Senate, and whilst the Colonial Government is unfortunately deprived of those means of self- defence and victo- rious explanation, which the Parent Go. vemment so efficiently experiences. From all that we have heard and read upon the subject, though we regret the apparent arbitrary act of the Home Government in silencing the Cape Papers, yet, upon a care- ful review of the matters connected there- with, we are prepared fully to justify the act of the Minister, and in doing so fall in with the maxim which declares it is better to prevent than to punish crime. Mr. Greig, of late, like some of our Journals here, had . aberrated from hi» fprmer prudent line of writing into a boisterous and ungovernable strain. The Colonial Government, who ure not só far from home as we arc, des- patched au account of the disagreeable tidings to Downing-street, and thence was quickly despatched orders to silence the Press. Can Mr. Greig rightly complain ? We think not. He was aware of the con- ditions under which Lord BATHURST lind kindly permitted him to return to the Co- j lony, and he ought not to have forfeited all I title to the claims of that distinguished Nobleman's protection and regard. Sup- pose, for instincë, any of our public wri- ters were to be cautioned by some of the public Functionaries against pursuing ti system of political discussion which could possibly answer no good purpose, but per- haps effect many bad ones-suppose, for we will go one step further, that the greatest Personage we have in the State, were per- sonally to advise and entreat any public writer to adopt temper and reason, instead of madness and vituperation, we say, sup- pose such things were to occur, would not that man be culpable for all the conse- quences that might arise from his criminal neglect of tiróse friendly and paternal warn- ings ? Would not such men richly be entitled to the loudest and most severe cen- sures (we will not say anathemas) that a reflecting and sensibl« Public could possibly bestow ? As we are aware of the only answer that can be given, we shall spare further remark on this occasion. Let us not, in New South Wales, suppose that the silencing of the Press at ike Cape is a solitary in- stance of the instructions fiom home, since, were we in the place of some, we would not ° \ credit such a supposition. Our Govern- ment-we mean the Government of His 13 i Excellency Lieutenant General DARLING y i has manifested a spirit of forbearance at y I which all good men are astonished ; and if '" the present Administration should still allow l' the Press to enjoy that latitude of animad ?~ | version in which it has so liberally and infa e , mously indulged, we shall never feel any ie inclination to censure the Authorities for n resorting to the most efficient and legal way of visiting all such base, unmanly, and graceless contemporaries, by prosecutions for libel. If men will write libels, and obsti- nately persist in their adoption-we, for one, are prepared to say-fer the law take ita eeurse. The Mourning, out of respect for the illustrious memory of His Royal Highness '" the late DUKE of YORK, in pursuance of y the Notification of His EXCELIENCT the h GOVERNOR in CHIEF on that head, is be »_ coming very general. The Royal Standard, " ' and other national flags, continue to wave ll j half-mast high at the several batteries, and h | the ships display the same melancholy to i, kens of affectionate regard for the departed ,_ . Brother of Our Beloved MONARCH. '» By way of removing further unpleasant ;- importuuily on the subject of ascertaining d whether the Honorable Mr. M'ARVHUR has tt desired us to announce that the late report , about the Stamp Act was untrue, so far as himself was concerned, we beg leave to state t, that we have not yet received any authority ie from Mr. M< ARTHUR on that head; in fact, ,s the Honorable Gentleman, we believe, is aware of the truth of our statement, mas '* much as the conversation did take place, " and that in the presence of three Gentlemen, ie whose names we are prepared to surrender, »- and not concerning any other Act than the c suspended Stamp Act, to the accuracy of , which we have no objection to pledge our- selves, and if necessary to bring'forward our u proofs. We regret, notwithstanding, that e any passing remark of ours, on this head, if should have originated unpleasant feelings. g ' We congratulate our contemporaries upon y the mildness which they manifested in ad- verting to the popular suspension of the Act '" t of Council, No. 3, which obstructed their e payment of the Stamp-duty. We shall not -e think the worse of them, either privately or 1 publicly, if they alter their mode of war- fare. Already we begin to indulge the hope that we discover something bordering on good sense in the ci animus of one or two of our con temporar es. The Editor of the Gleaner, Dr. HALLO- RAN, is pleased to compliment the Editor of the Sydney Gazette for his " occasional liberality." Really we must take it upon ourselves unequivocally to state, that the Doctor is under a mistake, since the Edi- tor of the Gazette is an utter stranger to such liberality-and if thai be his libe- rality, the Gleaner, is wrongly informed, for we beg to assure him that the Editor of the Gazette is not so liberal as his literary oppo- nent may have conjectured. Perhaps (he good-natured Doctor's liberality is as fluc- tuating as his politics, and so " he measures'» other people's corn," &c.; An Enemy to the whole Canine Race will be found among our columns. We have long looked upon the tremendous increase of these animals as an evil of no small mag- nitude, and one that should, in some way or other, be humanely suppressed. The care- lessness, not to say the inhumanity, of the proprietors of dogs, in not keeping their mastiffs properly secured in the day-time, and allowing them to roam at large during night off their premises, cannot be too strongly reprobated. Such people, who will permit these public inconveniencies to go unattended to, we have no objection to affirm, have as little Feeling for their fellow creatures as the dogs too often manifest for the unsuspecting traveller, and the defence- less female, or innocent victim of a child. Governor BLIGH'S law, in this respect, was no less efficacious than prompt. The lei- sure hours of His Excellency's body guard were occupied in perambulating the streets with carbines, and destroying every canine animal that fell in their way, It will doubtless have struck our Rea- ders, (we mean sut'h of them as have peru- sed th« last number of the Gleaner), with something like a sensation of merriment, on observing the gravity with which the recon- dite Editor expresses his "sincere satisfac- tion in being (tble to announce, that arrange- ments are «in progress for the early establish- ment of an Inland Post !" Really, this is news ! This is gleaning with a vengeance ! " Gleaner," says Dr. Johnson, is " one who gathers after the reapers ;" that is, one who picks up the scattered ears which the reaper may have overlooked, or let fall, but this Gleaner adopts a new method ; for he takes whole handsfull from the sheaf after it has been already gathered into the barn. The subject of au inland post, was one which, for years past, has engaged our attention, and occupied our columns, and for the "early establishment" of which we long since in- formed the Public, that the most effectuai arrangements were in a state of progression. Its important advantages have been, Jong ere the nntivity of the Gleaner, a question upon which we have fully descanted, and the certainty of its future adoption, when the complex machinery of so extensive and involved a system could be arranged and brought into action by the Authorities, I wits long known to us to be beyond a doubt. 1 But the Gleaner is in a good humour just now ; he feels all that placidity of temper which inclines one to look with a pleasing regard on all and every thing around him, and, in th.- fulness of his joy, promises that .* in the prosecution of his Editorial labours, it will ever be a far more gratifying em- ployment to commend than censure." We have heard it asserted, that we should, in due season, find the Gleaner to be "All tilings by times, nnd nothing; long." We however cannot express an opinion as yet, but really we do begin to have our misgivings when we contrast the mild and laudatory effusions of his last, with the stamping mad productions of some of the former numbers. However, we shall see. 'Tis the sunset of life that gives mystical lore, And coming events cast their shadows before." The next subject to which the Gleaner directs his attention, is the long- projected plan of providing Sydney with a supply of water; i.e. the boring system, we suppose ; one which is, at least, as old as the inland post, and that is old enough in all conscience. Truly it betrays a most " plentiful Jack" of discernment in the Gleaner when he can hit upon no other subjects to call forth his ex- pressions of admiration at the "Herculean" exertions of the Authorities than the thread- bare ones of the " Inland Post," and the " boring system" subjects, which we have discussed in all their various bearings, so as to leave not even the " shadow of a shade" unnoticed, for years past, long before a host of supernumeraries appeared upon the field to reap the harvest of a victory which we had already achieved. We, too, are of opinion that the " hasty and unqualified blame of almost every act of the Government, by persons who cannot possibly know the latent motives of such measures, or the influencii-g instructions from the Home Government," demonstrates a very woeful deficiency of candour, balanced by a proportionate surplus of spleen and conceit. But is the Gleaner himselt free from this denunciation ? We think not. It is not many days since we had occasion to combat the animadversions of this Journal on a measure for the adoption of which the local Government had the express directions of the Secretary of State, an extract from which, to leave not a doubt of the fact, was condescendingly published by order of his Excellency, in a Government Notice. We by no means, however, pretend to assert that weare not gratified by this chance of opinion in the Gleaner. We are always rejoiced when men "turn from the en cr of their ways;" but we would, notwithstanding, earnestly recommend a strict adherence to the right line whea it is discovered, if only for consisteneyVsiike, and to " save appear- ances," or contemporaries moy be apt to remember the words of the old proverb, namely, that " they who live in glass houses should not throw stones." After all, how- ever, it was not quite fair in the Gleaner to withhold an acknowledgment of the quarter whence he drew the pabulum by which his la&t; leader was supported. Ile might perhaps think lo cheat a few do- zen readers into a belief that it was 1Ú3 own, but we can afford to pardon him, the more particularly tis we are willing to believe that he had, at that moment, forgotten the Sydney Gazette, and fancied he had made a discovery. In the last Monitor there appeared a very offensive letter signed Richard Kelly. The purport of it evidently was to lower the re- putation of Mr. Solicitor ALLEN in the esti- mation of the Public. We are happy to state, however, from documents exhibited to us by the learned Gentleman, that Richard Kelly's remarks are not based on truth ; and should any one be disposed to interfere with the business of other people-too common a maxim in this Colony- they are at liberty, like ourselves, to be convinced at Mr. Al- len's office, of the flagrant injustice of the said Monitorial epistle. A sad accident occurred on Thursday last, at the house of Captain MOORE, during that Gentleman's absence from home. A very steady and industrious female Crown ser- vant, while in the act of washing, came in contact with the fire, when the lower part of her dress in a moment caught the flame, and the poor creature was in a blaze. Mrs. Moore had presence of mind to attempt the extinguishment of the flames by throwing a carpet over the unfortunate woman, by which time further assistance was attracted to the spot from the cries and shrieks that rent the air. Dr. BLAND promptly flew to the scene of suffering, and did all in his power to mitigate its acuteness. In the course of the day following, though Mrs. Moore was reluctant to the removal, and to whom too much praise cannot be awarded for her sympathy and attention to so valu- able a domestic, at the instance of Dr. MITCHELL riie patient was conveyed to the General Hospital, where, we are happy to understand, the poor woman is pronounced T out of danger. Ig at er ed of e; >id :e. of lit X l" d he ve as e" >st Id ad ie at 311 ed îir g» to iy r to b, es v er of m d. o ». re ve ie a Tliat £8000 have been paid into the hands | of the Colonial Treasurer by the Collector I i of Customs-the amount of duties collected I | in a period of forty days only-we ure glad I to le..in.' We would desire no belter proof of the rapidly increasing prosperity «f the Colony, than the relation of this simple fact. Averaging the annual revenue from this sum, we may safely calculate it at £73,000, and be something within the mark besides. When we compare the present moderate rate of duties with what it was ten years «go, and the sum averaged yearly therefrom, we are convincetl that no proof could be more complete than this is of our vastly increased prospei ity and importance. Ten years ago, when this country was governed by a mau whose name will ever be dear to the people of Australia, the imposts were nearly double the amount of what tiley are now, und yet there was not more than one hall of £73,000 raised annually ! This fact is worth being attended to by those who censure- without consideration, and if they have any real re- 1 gard lor the interests of the Colony, they will rejoice at the information which we thus ' afluid them. In making this statement, which of course upsets any thing that the enemies of the Government have yet advanced, we must take notice of another circumstance inti- mately connected with this subject. Ten \ ears ago, the people were less capable of bearing taxation than they are at present, yet what is singular, the imposts then levied were nearly double the amount of what they are now, though affording, as we have already mentioned, not more than one half annually of the revenue now collected in the same period of time, mid yet the Public did not complain, for they saw no reason for com- plaint. To any person of ordinary capacity, it must be apparent that the Colonists, ten years ago,had far greater dilliculties toencounter than they have now, yet they gave themselves no concern about the imposts, nor would tliey at the present moment, when ten years have added to their wealth and experience, be sensible of the matter at all, but for the sedulous endeavours of their enemies to in- culcate the seeds of discontent, und to with- draw their allegiance from a humane and en- lightened Administration. The incessant cry of those who deprecate a revenue raised by taxation is, that a reformation should be made in the public departments-that busi- ness should be conducted upon more liberal principles. By what means then is money to be raised ? Are the heads of departments, or rather all who are connected with public departments, not only to do their duties, but extend them, and that too gratuitously, be- cause, forsooth, a lawyer may happen to make a great noise,--to bark as it were at the Government, in order to shew the people that he dare do so, and that it is done for their interest ? Oh, no ! This artifice will not tell on the minds of the Public, They know too well that to maintain ordtr in so- ciety, and to secure life and property, they must have a Government, and that the time and talents of men adapted to the discharge of such important duties, could not reason- ably be expected without remuneration. Heavy complaints have been made, but we know that the Public do not participate in them ; they' are satisfied, and have ample reason to be so, because the imposts are merely levied upon a few of the articles of luxury, and not upon the necessaries of life as it is in England. Let those who are «menues to the country, and who would do all in their power to discourage emigration remember, that with us, almost every person is either a land proprietor, or is it in his power to become so ; that the necessaries of life and its luxuries are infinitely more easy to be obtained in this, than in, the mother country. Here there is ample room for industry-no man is under the necessity of being idle for want of work-and, under such a state of things, who can have the pre- sumption to say, that the people are badly off ? The constant cry is, let there be a House of Assembly, and then we shall have taxation by representation ! AU this is very well, and we believe, that Governor Darling would not have the slightest ob- jection to the measure, but we will venture to predict, that whenever a House of As- sembly may be introduced here, taxation will be greatly increased, and that it will be distinctly felt in its operation, whereas now, it is imperceptible. We have ever advocated the necessity of a House of Assembly, but then we all along foresaw that we should be saddled with much greater burdens than we had hitherto been accustomed to, and this is the very reason why we are so very anxious to obtain such an institution, because then the Government will be enabled to act with far greater vigour, and public improvements will be carried on with greatly accelerated rapidity. If we now hear one of our radical Journalists growling at an unfelt impost, what will be his condition then ? We are afraid that he and his brother in alarm, the Orator, will break their radical hearts, and then-What then ? Why, then they will be consigned to the tomb of all the Capu lets! Captain Dillon has not used us, Co- lonists, much older friends than the Tasma- nian, so well as might be expected. He should have recollected that we have never witnessed the pleasing spectacle of a cruizer belonging to the Honorable East India Company yet riding in Sydney Cove, and had he only brought the Research up su far, the circumstance would have obtained a corner in the next Australian Chronology that is already in the mind's eye, and then the name of DILLON would have been more celebrated than it is. Since we wrote the above it has been brought to our recollection, that the Re- search ianthe second cruizer belonging to the Honorable East ludia Company that has visited our shores. That which preceded Captain Dillon was in 1804, when it cost the Company £8000 to exile Major BEL LASIS for the fashionable crime of duelling. The Major, too, if we remember correctly, had Governor KINO'S carriage to con ve) him from the water's edgs to Goyernment houee upon landing. The Criminal Court hat been occupied the whole of Fridi» and 8atnr-*y in the caw of lite King v. Bow. , j ling, far perjury, in whijth . art? trial wa« m ranlad. u The particulars hat« already been laid belar« sur 1 Btsdeti, Till defendant was femad GaiZ/y. ir At the present moment, from the interttt which Captain Dillon has excited in the public mind respecting the fute of the uh. fortunate La Perouse, it will be agreeable io our readers to be furnished with such fact) as may 6erve to throw some light upon a subject which bus deeply interested the most euligh'ened men in Europe. We there- fore hasten to lay befóte them such informa- tion as we have been able to obtain. V/heri D Eutrecasteaux left Brestj depositions had been obtained, stating that the Natives of the Admiralty Isles had been seen clothed in the uniform of the French Navy-no dit. covery of the kind was however made, nor any sort of effects found amongst them when the Reche i elie and Esperance reached that part of their destination. That nothing was accomplished, mar he gatheicd; eirors iii judgment and supin«, nets appear throughout m the adoption of any plan, when they reached the focus of their observations,-it 43 only amusing to read, that, wherever they went, they had more the dread of Anthropophagi, or the ghosts of such, in the ubsence of other phantoms. Additions to Natural History occupied the principal portion of time fixing Geographical positious, and making ex peí i men ta diverted the expedition from the grand object of research, and the indu rect and timid manner of approaching the Islands and shoals in the known track of the former intrepid navigator, was least likely by any chance to lead lo a discovery of his fate. Wind, for imtance, could be expected from a second visit to the^same part of the Admiralty Islands ? After navigating round New Ireland, and New Guinea to Ceram, thence round New Holland to the Cape of New Zealand, und thence to Tongntaboo, the nearest of the Society Islands,-taking only a view of the w hole at a cautious dis. tance ? Tri« the gua capí fron .wari com mli leav the "tom tbei for han jWei 1 -VV e»t« kel lab die bro «qi CBJ eitl tug the «In of '»tit ,'te m "If" th« or io t rec »m .o W? we ' iel to . th re D'Entrecasteaux was expressly directed to survey the western shore of New Cale donia ; he did not do so-neither did he visit the Brampton shoals, more immediately ii La Perouse's track, when in all probability he gave up the idea, as he had hinted he might do, and not visit the Friendly Isles, but keep his course for INew Guimn, and La Louisade. From Tdngataboo, DEn. trecasicuux sailed West for the Island of Eianotin-at this situatieii he was at the foot of an equilateral ti ¡angle, distant-250 mile« from the centre of the New Hebrides, or the .Gre.it Cyclade«, as Bougainville had pre. viously called ¿he groupe, of which Malicolo and Cupt. Dillon's Paoui form part ; And equally distant, doe West, was the Obser vatory Island of Cook at the Nor! h litad of New Caledonia- i hither he steered, came h an anchor, and remained from April 23d until May 10th, 1792; in the meanwhile instead of seeking Lu Perouse, by exploring the cluster of Islands which stretch to the North of Caledonia and to the Westward; instead of getting to the west side, where possibly sume vestiges might have been dis- covered-he remuined stationary until ? double canoe arrived, having on board seven men, undone woman, speaking the language of the Friendly Islands, who reported them« selves to have come one day's sail from the Eastward:-this canoe was found to bt plunked with vurnished or painted wood; upon this the conjecture is built that it might have been part of the wreck of La Perouse's ships-but they must have been more than one day at sea, if they caine from the Malicolo group on the line of the de- scribed triangle 250 miles distant. Instead of the genius of D'Enlrecusteaux leading him to due reflection, or to act in any man- ner upon this accidental circumstance, he suffered the canoe to depart to the West- ward for another Island, where they said the planks had been found, and promised to re- turn with additional information. In the Journal of this expedition mention is made, while passing away time, that M. Duvelle had his sword stolen by the Natives, and on «not her occasion when M. Boulanvoir was engaged in making astronomical ob- servations a native snatched up and ran away with his sword,-the scabbard and belt of which was afterwards found suspended over a grove at an adjoining hamlet. It does not appear that any conference was held, or determination made what course should be adopted on leaving the North end of New Caledonia",--the group of Islands, as well as the Western Coast,, was aban- doned, although his instructions were par» ticular, not to omit exploring those parts neither did they reconnoitre Beaupre Is- lands, although so near them. Had they taken a N. E. course two days, the Malicolo group might have twen surveyed- -how un- fortunate not to have done so! The expedition steered to the N. W. and on the third day made Moulin Island, and the Huon group, named after the Captain of the Esperance-which they were before acquainted with : from this n North course was made for Egmont Island, Santa Cruz, and the East end of New Georgia, leaving this on the 26th June to take a view of the Arsacides, or land of Surville, from Cape Oriental of the-Arsacides, to Cape Deliver- ance on the East end of La Louisade, a few days elapsed ; thev made the latter on the 12th July : here D'Entrecasteaux repeated the remark of the strength of the current, wh'ch invariably put him a head of h'*s reckoning, when running to the Westward. He sailed agi in for the Admiralty Isles, where we believe he paid the debt of nature, and thence the B1» ps proceeded homeward. La Louisade was decidedly the Coast that D'Entrecasteaux ought to have examined, in order to find those he Was sent in search of, ns it formed the terminating object nearly, which La Perouse had kept in view, con- formably to the line he had drawn on quit- ting Botany Bay. We are .anuble to dis- cover that D'Entrecasteaux, or anyone has, ever since, pursued 'that track, therefore upon reviewing and comparing notes, we are inclined to believe this last mentioned quar- ter, or between it and New Guinea, now to be thu living tomb, if not the final destiny of these hopeless and lamented voyagers, or of the portion which they are said to have built a vessel at Paiou, and were not «gain heard of: they in all probability followed the example of Captain Bligh, and endeavoured to reach the.Dutch settlement of Timor. I' The circumstance, as related by the fas Mr, whom Martin Buchirt left behind at til Ol it ni v as d t. 'St it ;« ni Tucopin, that many of the inhabitants of the Malicolo group speak the French lan «liige, is possible, allowing him to be capable of distinguishing it ; his testimony from experience is however good enough to warrant the belief that he well knew .vlmt constituted the materials of'a wreck. Seve- ral ships have altogether disappeared after leaving this, in search of Sandal wood at the Fejee Islands* that might have takeu a route through the New Hebrides, expecting there also to meet with that article of trade for the China market ; whether the sword liaiidle in Captain Dillon's possession, be identically thut of La Perouse or belonging to those we have alluded to, it serves to establish the point that a communication is kent up occasionally by canoes, to and from blands remotely situated, as the sword han- dle which carne last from Tucopia, was brought from the Malicolos, and which is «qui-distant from the north end of New Caledonia, upon a course that may be kept cither »ay by the steadiness of the prevail- ing S.E. winds, and the tranquil slate of the ocean, while the general clearness of the atmosphere enables the Islanders in this part of the Pacific to perform long voyages with a degree of certainty, aided by the view of the heavens, where the compass is wanting. . Neither M. Bougainville, who wus at Leper's Island, the centtal one of the New 'Hebrides, in 1768-nor Captain Cook in 1773» w'10 passed through the whole range, gives a character of the people, to justify the idea, that their manners aie of a ferocious or inhospitable description j supposing them to be contrary thetcfore, had La Perouse really suffered shipwreck Jiere, from the unturtil resources of a Frenchman's mind, 10 proverbially evinced under calamity, we venture to assert that further attempts would have been made by the survivors, to regain Port Jackson-or some nearer station to it-and that it is next to impossible that the parties in question would haVe quietly* remained at the New Hebrides for so longa period, e\en though no ship had touched liiere. Bougainville mentions having found on the sea-beach, but ted under the sand at Bouka Hand, one of the Arsacides, part ol' a plate of lead with marks of having been torn from the nails, that affixed it rto some particular spot- there lemainedof the inscription . * lior'd here iok Majesty's ' now whether «inchur'd here, His Brittanick or CdiAofick Majesty's ship is immaterial, as it is equally customary to leave these me ' meatos in both languages. Of course this plate, found in 1788, but tis Bougainville found it out of its place, it demonstrate s our previous position, that cer- tainly is not to be attached, as to where ? such a rtlict might have been left, because it wns found here or there. To set on foot BO praiseworthy an endea- vour-to rescue La Peiouse and his gallant , companions, should any of them be still «live, is highly praiseworthy. In proof of the increased value of land in the metropolis we subjoin the following rates at which the Orphan School Land» wer« Sold by Auction, by Mr. Paul, on Thursday last :~ LOT NO. I. By Mr. James, fbr>^..,..».. £505 2\. ny Mr. MncitmtaM, for. 525 3\. Hy Mr.'fawell, for . IJBo 4\. Hy Madams íleo», for. 1030 .. Uy Mr. James UnUerwood, for. 520 0\. By Captain Payne, for. 82» Total.£4850 The HOUM. 205 £0055 The Orphan School Orant at Cabramatta. LOT NO. I. 03S Acres by Mr. Thus.Street,for.... £ 635 3\. 1030 Acre» for..". IO0Ó 4\. 690 Acres by Mr. Chisholm for..... 350 5\. MOD Acres by Mr. Cartwright, for.... 400 T. 960 Acres by Mr. Chisholm, for .... 410 8\. 408 Acres by ditto ditto........... 310 ». 803 Acrrs by Mr. Cartwright, for .... 610 ' £3190 '' 5065 ToUd. £8245 