TERRA INCOGNITA. No. 1. The nineteenth-year is now rolling away since the bright July morning when I looked on the "Land's-End," fading from the view, as we dashed along before a fresh north-east- ern breeze—one of a hundred ships convoyed by the Poly- phemus, and destined for various ports. By a series of events my father had been ruined ; several attempts to re-establish himself proved abortive, and he eventually came to seek his fortune in London. The first thing that presented itself he accepted—an employment of small consequence, and of smaller emolument, in the distant colony of New South Wales. Nineteen years ago, the name of Botany Bay was enough to frighten an honest man ; but with the ''men's conscia recti," my father embarked with mother and their three infant sons. Sixty female convicts occupied the ship between decks ; and an officer of the New South Wales Corps, with his family, held one part, and we the other, of the great cabin ; Spithead was the rendezvous for ships that were to sail with the West India convoy ; and there we waited with our consort, till a signal from the Poly- phemus loosened the canvas of more than a hundred sail. We had flitted by the picturesque and beautiful coast of my own native county ; and it was the next day after that on which we sailed, I think, that we saw the Land's-End ; and thoughtfully I gazed, as it lessened in the distance. Many a time, during the day, I mounted on a gun, and strained my eyes for the long grey streak in the horizon, which many saw then that will never see it again. Land's-End has lived in my mind's eye, though I have never seen it since ; and the emotion connected with seeing it for the last time, must have been strong in a child of seven years old, to remember it as I do now. They talked of it, I suppose ; and some more sentimental sailor may have warbled, as he stood at the wheel, and gazed around him (the Æ ——had no poop,) " Adieu ! my native land, adieu !" The following day we had quite lost sight of land and the whole fleet was standing, steadily on, on a wind, led by the convoy—when, about mid- day, she suddenly made signal for the headmost ships to lay-to, and, going about, cracked on all the sail she could carry towards the rear—where a French privateer was just about to make free with some of her charge. We had been sailing abreast of the commodore : and I re- member watching the whole of the proceeding with great in- terest, as we lay-to with the rest, till he should return. The Frenchman shewed the white feather, and ran with alacrity. Defence being the object of our protector, of course the pur- suit was not kept up ; but all the fleet got under weigh, and the Polyphemus returning steadily, in a few hours was in her place a-head—like a hen followed by a brood of chickens. A fleet of merchantmen, convoyed, by a man of-war, ne- cessarily sails no faster than the slowest ship in it can go ; so that frequently, as it was with us, the commodore and other fast sailers will be under topsails, while the lumberers ar. carrying on every stitch. The Bay of Biscay brought on that pleasant sensation, which fresh- water sailors generally feel at the first breeze, after the commencement of a voyage. Arriving at Madeira, we stood, off and on, in the Funchal Roads, for the greater part of a day, sending on shore for refreshments ; and then stood on for Rio de Janeiro with our consort alone, parting com- pany with the West India fleet. Ours was the smaller ship, and our captain the junior ; so that the other was commo- dore, and was generally a-head ; she, too, was bound for Australia—though that classic name was not then in vogue— and was laden with male convicts and a military guard. I think it could not have been many days after we passed Ma- deira, that that G—— made signal of a strange sail in sight, and both ships cleared the decks for action. All the women and children were started below, and the hatches were bat- tened down ; though, I believe, that we abaft were on parole, not to shew our noses above the companion- ladder. Report said that the stranger was a man-of-war, and, of course, a Frenchman, and that she was bearing down upon us ; but, nothing daunted, we did not run away, and, in the course of two hours, she had spoke the G——, after shewing British colours—and then we were enfranchised. I saw her, and she must have been a line-of-battle ship ; for she was larger than the Polyphemus (a sixty-four) ; and yet we—two convict craft—the one carrying sixteen, and the other twelve carron- ades, with not men enough in both ships to work a tythe of of that number—had dared to clear the decks for action ; Cutlasses and boarding-pikes, were strewed on the quarter- deck ; ,so that, I suppose, we were to have carried the enemy by storm ! After that " hair breadth 'scape"—" of being taken by the insolent foe," I do not remember any other "moving accident," till we reached the line ; when Neptune boarded us, and went through the ordinary ceremonies of the occa- sson. For us younkers, his godship took fees ; so that we saw the fun, without smarting from its effects. Nine weeks sojourn at Rio somewhat impressed the place on my memory ;—the nobler harbour, with the magnificent- looking city—the batteries among the rooks—the convent, perched beautifully on the high south coast—and the islands behind ;—indeed, I think it must be very much like the Gulph of Naples in its general character ; but my idea is ne- cessarily a confused one ; however, the picture on my mind is, that of a very fine subject, though very faintly impinged. Several English line-of-battle ships lay there, under the com- mand of Sir Sidney Smith, who had his flag in the Foudroy- ant, or Bellerophon—I forget which ; both were there. But such narrow, dirty streets !—the women, peeping through the grated windows too !—sweetmeats—fruits—re- ligious processions—sour and gritty bread—lean, carrion- looking beef—all stand, more or less, distinctly marked on the picture of the city's inferior. Just about the time we were to have sailed, some of our sailors went on shore—at one of the islands, it strikes me— and stole some goats, and rabbits, and poultry, and brought them on board. The captain, fearing that an exposure would detain him, winked at it ; but that would not do—it came out. The admiral (Sir Sidney), took it up ; the captain and his first mate were turned out, and new ones put on board ; and all the men concerned were removed to Sir Sidney's ship. I very well remember the gallant and chivalrous ad- miral coming on board of us several times ; for I had the honor of attracting his notice, and of being patted on the head by him, and—more than that, too—of eating oranges, which he sent on board in profusion ; but, I think, they were for the convict women—not for me. However, " dogs and children are in every body's mess, and no body's watch." For nine long weeks, we ate lean Brazilian beef, sour Bra- zilian bread, and were broiled by a tropical Brazilian sun ; and then we went to sea again—but single-handed ; for the G—— sailed when our misfortune happened. Long and tedious was the passage, and rough was the sea, from Rio de Janeiro to Bass's Straits, which divide Van Diemen's Land from New Holland ; but the gales off the Cape, and across the great Indian Ocean, were not so tedious as the sailing along with a ridge of low land insight, never changing in appearance, and apparently interminable. At length we reached "the Heads ;" but Macquarie Tower was not then built, with its revolving lights ; and we lay-to till next morn- ing—when we entered the finest Harbour in the world ! The North and South Heads are right and left of the en- trance to Port Jackson, and about a mile apart ; the former is a high and almost perpendicular cliff ; but the South Head is comparatively low, and is the end of a promontory that shelters the port from easterly gales. Immediately within the entrance there is a mass of sunken rock, which appears above water at flood tide only insulated blocks—one of which, being considerably larger than any of the rest, the group is called the Sow and Pigs. Passing between the Sow and Pigs, and the Iand which forms the South Head, it is about two miles to Bradley's Head, where this arm of the sea changes from a south to a directly west course. It was a bright unclouded summer morning, in the month of January, when we passed this antipodal Scylla and Charybdis, and the ship had just rounded Bradley's Head, when I went on deck to gaze with delight on "land :" she was beating up for Sydney Cove, against the light land- breeze of the Australian summer morn ; and, I suppose, with the tide—for she made way. I remember now with what anxiety I ran forward, whenever the ship approached the North Shore, which I felt confident she must run upon, for she went so close—when the "ready about," and "helm's a lee," of the pilot, threw her head to the wind, and then filled her off for the Sand Hills and the inter- vening islands, which, in their turn, we, stood for. The first of them bears a thievish name—Shark's Island ; the second is named after Cook's Colleague—Clerk's Island ; the next in the same line, and near Anson's Point, is the beautiful and romantic island, called Garden Island : many a holiday afternoon have I spent there, convoyed by Billy Blue, hunting five corners and jedongs, and breaking oy- sters from the rocks, and fishing for bream and mullet in the deep waters around it. About half-way across, from Garden Island to the North Shore, is the little sterile rocky mound, which bears the beggarly unpropitious name of Pinchgut : and in the highest point of it, at the time I refer to, stood a gibbet, from which dangled " a murderer's banes in gibbet airns." There it stood—a standard that civiliza- tion had erected, on reclaiming the territory from the hand of nature—a-sign-post, with an appropriate sign, to this inn, " where the wicked cease from troubling." Many were the stories I heard, in after-times, of the crimes and of the punishment of the man whose bones hung there, and of the marvellous things that were effected by his ghost, which mounted guard every night by the gibbet foot, till it was dismantled in the following reign. I heard, too, many rea- sons for the name that the island bore ; and the best-authen- ticated is to this effect. In the earliest years of the settlement, when the little colony of marines and convicts—guards and the guarded—was dependant for the necessaries of life, even to the bread they ate, on supplies from Europe, it not unfre- quently happened that all hands were on very short allow- ance. On these occasions, the governor punished minor crimes by banishment to this little island, and a still shorter allowance than was given in the settlement, whence it ob- timed the name it now bears. Just above Pinchgut, Benne- long's Point stretches out parallel to the South Head, and about five or six miles in a direct line from it, and forms the east side of Sydney Cove ; the shore from Bradley's Head runs in an almost unbroken line about the same distance, and then throws out a high bluff point, called Ball's Head. The whole of that coast is high and rocky, but covered with lofty trees and thick brushy underwood ; it forms the north side of the harbour, and is familiarly called the North Shore. Dawes' Point, with its flag-staff and batteries, is opposite, and parallel to Bennelong's, and is high and rocky—while the latter is low, and covered wilh underwood and green, woody till they near the bottom of the Cove, when their height approximates somewhat, and they finish, in the two long hills, on and between which the capital of the infant empire of Australia is rising. I thought it a lovely sight, when we came to anchor in the Cove, before mid-day, of one of the finest days I ever remember. On one side the native forests of the North Shore bounded the view ; thence, Dawes' Point, with a battery on its lofty front, led the eye over a mass of dwellings on the rocks, surmounted by Fort Phillip, and bounded by a line of wharfs, stores, hospitals, and docks. Further on, in the half-distance, stood the gloomy and massive gaol ; and above appeared 4 high stone windmill, and the little church of St. Philip, with its square clock tower. The barracks, in long white rows, crowned the hill behind the church ; and the space between was filled up with Houses and gardens, and the one-arched bridge striding, across the stream, which comes down the valley between the two hills ; and near that stood the wonder of the place—a four- stoned stone house, with an infinity, of little windows, giving it the appearance of a granary ; and, a short distance above, shrouded by a grove of trees, appeared the modest lit- tle villa called the government-house ; which stands there now. I say the same—though, I believe, that it is like the boy's knife that had had two new blades, and one new handle ; for Governor Macquarie was never tired of altering and im- proving it—and yet he never pulled it down and rebuilt it. On the top of the hill, behind the government-house, stood the windmill ; and from them the whole of Bennelong's Point, stretching out to where it almost meets the North Shore, was unoccupied, except by the Vagrant tribes of abo- riginals, whose black figures we could see among the bushes, about the thin columns of smoke from their fish fires. The beautiful peaches and delicious water-melons that we ate, on first landing in the town of Sydney, made us forget the imprisonment of a seven months' voyage ; and the fine white bread seemed like manna, after the sour and sandy rolls of Rio de Janeiro, and the hard biscuits of the Æ——. No place in the world can have undergone a greater change in the same space of time, and under equally forbid- ding circumstances, than the shores of Sydney Cove have, since the foundation of the colony. Forty years ago, there was not a civilised community within eight or ten weeks' voyage of the site ; it was a "vast howling wilderness," oc- cupied only (if occupation it may be called) by a straggling —worse than Caffree—population a people, more vagrant than Gypsies, idler than monkies, meagre from starvation— in a country as fertile as Egypt, and with the climate of Naples—who knew only how to procure fire, but not to shelter themselves from the autumnal rains, or the frosts of July. Now a city stands !—but truly by the refuse and scum of a nation on the opposite side of the globe—but occupied by a thriving and industrious population, composed of free emigrants and reclaimed convicts, which already rival, in commerce and arts, the oldest establishments in Europe. The sea-breezes which, forty years ago, had never filled a sail, now daily waft, from all parts of the world, ships of all sizes, and of every nation. The bright waters of Sydney harbour had then never reflected but the fragile bark canoe of the native, with the black naked figures of himself and his degraded mate—now the Cove is filled with ships—some bearing the produce of Europe and India, and others lading with the products of the colony, and the seas and islands about it, to reciprocate by return. Eighteen years ago, the settlement had just attained its majority ; and then stood in the mid- distance of its original, and present state. Fabrics, which were then of wood, are now of stone ; gardens and orchards of that time are now occupied by the busier haunts of men ; hospitals, churches, barracks for military and convicts, public and private build- ings, of all descriptions, now appear on every side ; dirty lanes, with regularly built hovels, have been changed into well built streets. At that time roads were made by cutting away the trees, and leaving the carts to mark the track on, the green turf ; now, stage- coaches run over turnpike roads ! Eighteen years ago, the arrival of a ship from England was an era ; now, not a week passes without arrivals and de- partures from, and for, all parts of the world, men, almost every ship bore an unhappy expatriated freight ; and now, there is not more than one so laden to two or three which bear merchandize, and willing emigrants, seeking to ameliorate their fortunes in the sunny climes of Australia. Hundreds of Colonial vessels, too, of various burden, maimed and con- ducted by Austral- Europeans, carry on extensive trade be- tween the various parts of the colony, and between the two colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, among the islands of the South Seas, to China, India, the Indian Archipelago, to the Cape of Good Hope, South Ame- rica, both in the Atlantic and Pacific, and, indeed, some, I believe, have reached even to England ! When we arrived in New South Wales, the means of edu- ication were necessarily very scanty ; now, there are public schools, and asylums for the poor and the orphan, and schools of every degree for the richer part of the community. At that time, one miserable little quarter sheet issued from the press once a week, with government orders, and a few adver- tisements, and year-old intelligence from Europe. Now, the "Sydney Gazette" is a full sheet, well and closely printed, published twice a week, and containing all the Colonial in- telligence of interest, and news from England, which may be read in England again, within eight months of its first publication. The "Australian," a journal of the same description, published also twice a week, has been established now between two and three years, and has met with deserved success ; indeed, it is fully equal in merit to any provincial newspaper in England. The "Monitor," lately established, cannot fail of success, from the acknowledged talent of its editor. But, indeed, time and space would fail me to tell of the wonderful changes that not only forty years, but the last eighteen of them, have wrought on the shores of Aus- tralia. The corrobera of the naked savage by the light of the moon, on the green sod, to the beating of slicks, and the monotonous drawl of a few old withered hags (their women do not join in the dance) have given place to quadrilles and waltzes, in bright saloons—to the music of military bands, and danced by the sons and daughters of Albion. (To be continued.) 