A Court if General Quarter Sessions of the Peace was holden on Tuesday last at the new Court House, Sydney, before William Carter esquire, Chairman, and Messrs. Jones and Berry, Justices of the Peace. The Chairman made no address tot he Grand Jury. The petty Jury being impannelled, Barnabus Flynn was char- ged with stealing some thread, the property of Joseph Raphael-he that lately advertised the catarrh for sale. Barny was the prosecutor's servant, and an unnecessary evening's ramble led to the discovery of the theft. To be worked in irons for 6 months. Joe. "Your Honour, if he had stolen my Catarrh, or eve a reason- able proportion of it, I would not have took no notice of it, but unfortunately, it still lies heavy on my hands". PAT Murphy stood charged, that he on the 18th Sep- tember now last past, without the slightest regard for the Crown and dignity of our Lord the King, did felon iously thieve a knife and fork from one Charles Picke ring of George Street. Evidence was adduced by the prisoner in this case to shew, that private grudge had more to do with the proceeding against him, than a just regard to public right. Two respectable persons also spoke highly as to his general character for honesty. Not Guilty. THE same individual stood charged with having com mitted an assault on the aforenamed Charles Pickering. This complaint took its origin out of the former one. Guilty, fined 40 shillings; and to be confined in the goal until payment thereof. WEDNESDAY. Messrs Jones and Sparks assisted W. 'Carter Esquire the Chairman this day. James Wood, on the charge of John Shields for a common assault. This was a case as affecting the prosecutor, of peculiar , aggravation. The defendant, a married man, lived with the Prosecutor's wife, and had besides some clothes and money belonging to him. Prosecutor said, that so long as he seemed willing to wink at his own shame, and allow his wife to cohabit unmolested with Defen dant, there was free access afforded him to the house, in order to speak to his wife ; but that as soon as a sus picion was generated in Defendant's mind, that he 'vished to reclaim his wife, all further ingress to the house was strictly prohibited. That on the day laid in the indictment, the Prosecutor obtained access to the Defendant's premises, where his wife still dwelt, regard less of her shame, with the intent to reason further with her ; but that Wood, the Pannel, on ascertaining-the fact of his being at the rear of the house, came out, and beat him most unmercifully; and that subsequently, he repeated the same usage to him when in the street. Shields proved the first part of his charge, but failed to bring proof of the latter. The chairman, in summing up observed, that the Prosecutor had experienced the greatest provocation that one man could give to another in the Pannel's cohabitation with his wife--but not such as to warrant an illegal entry upon the premises of Wood, who would be justified in using all the coercion which was complained of, to rid himself of an intruder; and that as the Prosecutor did not substantiate the charge of assault in the -street, the Jury would in law be bound to acquit the Defendant, Verdict. "Not Guilty." Patrick Buckley, for an assault on Jane Galvin. The prosecutor and her husband swore to the assault, and the prisoner was accordingly found guilty. The prisoner attempted to extenuate the outrage, by plead ing drunkenness, and his being a widower with three children. The Jury recommended his case to the favourable consideration of the chairman, who being informed, that the prisoner had already been six weeks in confinement, sentenced him to one month in the Gaol, to hard labour. William Robinson, for stealing a piece of leaden pipe, value O10d. the property of E. M. Scott, Esq. Agent to the Australian Company. The case was fully proved; six months to an Iron Gang. Mr. Girard, appeared to a charge of assaulting Mr. Peter Rapsey. It was deposed to by evidences, that the Defendant, in singular terms, designated the prosecutor, by epithets something like coward and liar. Prosecutor also deposed to having been struck by him, but was unsupported by the testimony of witnesses, The general tenor of evidence went to prove, that much mutual shoving took place, but no blows, and that the altercation arose in consequence of some dispute relative to a piece of ground, purchased by the firm of Rapsey and Mitchell, and to which De- fendant laid claim, arguing, that that of the firm was only reversionary. Mr. Norton addressed the Jury, on behalf of the Defendant, commenting upon the nature of the evidence before them—Mr. Girard's prior claim to the disputed manure, which was either made by the Defendant himself, or was othewise his property by an unalienable right. The chairman summed up, and the Jury acquitted Mr. Girard. UV. P. Daniels, for obtaining goods under false pre tences from Mr. Henry Marr, shop-keeper. Mr.'Marr proved the delivery of the goods upon, an order signed George Allen, the genuineness of which aignature the latter denied. Prisoner made no defence. Guilty. 7. years. James Bryant stood charged, for that whereas at a re- cited time and place, he, not having the fear of God or man before his eyes, did assault two constables in the execution of their- duty, against the peace &c; &c.; John Dowd and James Orr, (the constables assaulted) deposed to the unwillingness of the prisoner to quit a crowd convened about the "Bunch of Grapes ;" alleg- ing as the cause of contumacy, his being a free man, and that therefore, "his locomative powers were solely at his own guidance, and not liable to be directly or indi- rectly coerced by the mandate of any man or men. This line of argument, not pleasing the Deponents, they proceeded to a practical refutation thereof, when the prisoner vi et armis, attempted to maintain the truth of his position. The Chairman charged the Jury, who found the prisoner Guilty. Six months to an Iron Gang. Robert Smith, was indicted for an assault on Sarah Emma James, (a child only 4 years and 8 months old) with a vile intent. 'The case was most clearly made out; and tlhe 'Chairman in passing sentence, observed, that the Court regretted its inability to pass a more severe one than that which was about to be pronounced against the prisoner, which 'was, that the said Robert Smith be imprisoned for two years in the Goal at Syd ney, that hbe pay a fine of £50 to the King, and that he be further imprisoned till such fine be paid. James Davies, late clerk to W. C. Wentworth Esq. was arraigned on two counts, for receiving money (to wit one pound) under false pretences from Wm. Deer. The features of this case did not differ from those of charges of a similar nature. The prisoner was con- victed, and sentenced to 12 months in the Gaol., " AN - LD TRADER' writes a very sensible letter to :the Editor of The Australian, proving, that our Mer chants in transacting their custom-house business, arehan ded abouttfrom the Wharfinger to the Head. of the Cus. toms and back again; besides being, obliged to endure other'grievances. Now we know that, ifour new of~2cers do not get on well with business, they get well paid. The Editor remarks on '" An old Trader's" letter as follows. " [*** WE are very unwilling to think that the Col lector of Customs is the occasion of any unnecessary - annoyance to commercial men in their transactions at the Custom House. We.are on the contrary disposed to conclude, that the inconveniences complained of, arise from the regulations of the Custom House not being' clearly defined, or well understood by the public. Mr. Campbell can have no desire to cause delays to Mer chants and skippers, or give them trouble which may easily be avoided. This letter may be of use in redu cing the business of the Custom House to a system, and of making that: system known. The Collector of Customs, no doubt, would -be glad to concur in an ar rangement, which would lessen his trouble, and facilitate the intercourse of merchants with his office.-En.]" IN Captain Piper's time. every thing went on smoothly. Every body was pleased, every body satisfied. It is said indeed, that this pleasure was too much promoted at the expense of the Revenue, and that the late Naval Officer was not rigid in charging his nine-pences upon tin pots, and in exacting duties on the barley-sugar and sugar-plums, which the families of passengers brought ashore. But this is not the question for the Govern ment. 'The question for the Government is, will the extra salaries' lately given to the Customis service, exceed the amount of the petty duties, which, from a 'love of despatch, Capt. Piper thought it prudent to forego? Our opinion is, that 'Mr. Campbell having had six months to regulate, and to "define," and matters seeming to grow worse and worse in these respects, he should resign his office to some one to whom it would be more worth while to please the Government and the public. Mr. Campbell we suspect, accepted the office merely to oblige the Governor. His wealth precludes the idea, that the salary (though too much by one half) can be an object'.to him. We therefore recommend him to loo$ out for some person more qualified by talent or temper, to conduct this department than himself, and to resigu in his favour. CoMPLaINTe are murmured among the prisoners in Government-employ, that their slops are kept back for a long time after they are entitled to thpmr The cause of this delay is ascribed to the numerous stages, through which the documents relative to the issule of slop clothing have to pass, ere the clothing can be obtained. " Sir" (said a Magistrate to an Irishmap thp other day, who had admitted having taken a glass of wine with a friend, when he ought to have been at work) " What have you to do with wine ? do you not know that you forfeited your rights when convicted !'" True ?ir, replies the man, but I di4 not forfeit my appetite P WE have. regeived a letter from a mniiber of the Wesleyan Church, complaining of the way in which its missions to New Zealand and Tonga have been and are conducted. As Editors, we have nothing to do with religious missions, except in so far as missions maybe considered little Colonies. Had the letter in question confined itselfto the pconsideration of the missions in question, in a civil or colonial point of view, we would have inserted it. But as it touches on religion, and finds fault on grounds of a scriptpral rature, we fo' bear adding to our controversies. TaE Grand Jury of Windsor have again dispersed, without making a presentment i ! This " Grand !nquest of our Lord the King" we recollect, gave it out once be fore, with much simplicity, " that they were not going f- to make a new Presentment, till the matters. presented 'i their last, were remedied." We suppose they sticFc to this principle, As the road to Pjtt Town from Windsor is still In a boribe. state, we kuow, there id something to present at all'events. Some suspect,.that; the Grand Inquest have an idea, that. in case a new road 'be made, Settlers like themselves, will have to pay. for 'it. A MosT'ludicrous discovery was made last week in the Nunnery, at Parramatta. A bushranger or other malei was discovered by o6ne of the nuns, emerging from a hiding place, where he had doubtless been awaiting the first dawn of Aurora to favor his escape. He was observed to enter very cautiously at one of the windows. One of the" Sisters, with a true Amazonian spirit, locked him up, and instantly gave an alarm A. man ! a man I resounded from every quarter. He was secured, and taken from this asylum of female frailty. T?iE practice of throwing dirt and rubbish into the, streets, has grown to a pitch of serious inconvenience: indeed the health of the inhabitants in the imriediate neighbourhood of the nuisances must be affected, by the effluvia daily exhaled in this warm weather from the carcases of dead dogs and cats, with that arising from other unmentionable' but equally offensive deposits that are constantly being made in the very midst of our inost populous.streets. The hot weather .may be said, now, to have set in; and therefore the early removal of all sorts of rubbish frqm the public ways, is desirable, in :orler to prevent a plague, to which the same latitudes in Europe are so prone. The Tanks water will yet breed a pestilence we suspect. An order was issued some time back, charging the Police with the execution of this. duty, but the service has fallen into disrepute. HARVEST commences on next Monday, at Bunburyr Curran..: This District has been remarkable for the earliness of its crops, and indeed in quality, the wheat of that and the neighbouring districts has claims be. yond that of alluvial soils. The uncommon drqugbt which has prevailed for the last 12 or 18 months, has reduced the average to less than than 10 bushel§ per acre, in these dry and stiff soils, while the same cause has operated favourably for the mellow soils, on the banks of Hawkesbury and Hunter. Rain is much wanted; and should it keep off much lpnger, Maize .will . even be a scarcer article next year, than it has been this. A curious attempt" was made some nights ago at Parramatta, to steal a wooden house, that happened to be-on wheels near the Brickfields. The robbers con. ceiving that the parties occupying the :house were ,from 'home, had actually formed the plan to remove and, place it up, on an allotment of land about half a mile from the place where it stood ; for which purpose they yoked six horses to it ; when lo! like the Ghost of Hamlet, the male occupant put his head out of the window, and demanded the cause of such an extraordi nary bustle about his house I The laconic answer was, "Nothing at all at all !" and immediately the whole decamped, leaving the horses in harness and yoked to the huge box. The man very coolly arose, and turned the horses into an adjoining paddock, intending the next morning to bring them forward as proof of the extraordinary attempt made upon his real estate; but, unfortunately ere the fog disappeared, the horses had left their grass. A reward we are told is about to be offered for the detection of the parties. There is no act of Parliament in existence, we believe, affecting house lifters, though there are some against house break ers and shop-lifters. MR. EARLE being disappointed in his wish to journey into the interior of New Holland, (the contemplated expe- dition under Captain Street being postponed) has sailed in the Governor Macquarie for New Zealand; where he purposes staying a few weeks, to add to his already invaluable collection. We regret that the expedition above-mentioned has been given up; not only as pro- crastinating the advancement of geographical know ledge, but as depriving the public of Mr. Earle's profes- sional services in a journey of discovery. All the disco- veries of the interior of Africa and America, have been incomplete from the absence of Artists; the miserable sketches of the travellers being utterly inadequate to a just representation: in a future expedition into the interior of this country, there will doubtless be no Artist here; or, if there be one, the chances are, he will be wanting either in inclination or spirit, for the under- taking. Among other objects, Mr. Earle contemplates a Panorama of the Bay Islands. He has a new field open to his talents in New Zealand, and we wish him success. Mr. Shand accompanies Mr. Earle. A detachment of the Wesleyan Mission also take their passage in the Governor Macquarie for New Zealand. SOME few days back, a boat laden with sundries for the Sydney Market, foundered at the lower branch of the Hawkesbury. We understand that the owner (a man named Hounslow,) has applied to the Government for assistance to raise her. Four more of our fellow creatures have been hurried into the presence of their Maker, without warning. The crew consisted of six. THE new market so much talked of, as about to be established at the Brickfields, is not intended to inter- fare with the old one. This will continue as formerly to be the emporium of sundries, while the new one will be the mart for horses and cattle. It cannot be completed too soon. No, 81, George Street, Sydney, New South Wales EDITED, PRINTED, AND PUBLISHED, BY THE PROPRIETOR, E. S. Hall. 