Shipping Intelligence. On Saturday last arrived, the brig Nimrod, Captain Hervie. She left London the 15th of June, and the Cape of Good Hope the 29th of October, and brings a general cargo of merchandize. Passengers, Mr. A. Phillips; Mr, J. Berwise ; Mr. J. Marsden; Mr. J. Beddik; Lieutenant Lambe, R. N. lady, and two children ; Mrs. Hervie, and two children ; two servants, and a Chinese car- penter. Saino day arrived, from Moretón Buy, the ?Cnvvrnuiout schooner Isabella. Passenger, Mr. Drainer. The ship Louisa sailed, fur Batavia, on Friday last. Tho Lord Rodney, for Hobart Town, and the Herald, for New Zealand, are announced to sail to-morrow ; tho Amity, fi*r King George's Sound und Melville Island, on Thursday next. AltlllVKD, AT IIOIIAUT TOWN, Drccinhri 111'-The brig Java pucket, Hf> ton», !.'. Mace,master, fioin (hu Isle ol' Krame, al Novemlier, with-IO buriel« of claret, I cane Kau «le Cologne, .'I tillie» coikq, 5l)iasi"i olive oil, IO lnij>n cotton wick, 710 bags (l()!i,r.»Hlli«.) sugar, I box «tucki, lt> gall, an nek. . Same day, the Kreuch discoicry-ship L'Astrolabe, 4'I0 Ioho, Oumont d'titville, commander, boin Am boyiiii, the lilli October, Vi gunn, II ofuxers, and 1'i tuen ; lum come in lu repair, icficsb, and in the course of her expedition tu «»Heit information iiiiilive to the wreck and remains of La Perouse, in the Malicolo islands. lice. 21).-The Ship North Hriton, from (îreenoek, .list .Inly, with a cargo ol goods, mihi, &.c toni bed »I the Cape, anil look on bonni a i|iiuiil,ty ol wine. The following is ii Hit of (ho pusengeri, by Hie TVoilh llrllon, ('corgi) Mnrisou, coiiinmiidei, vi/i John Morton, I'sip supciciirgo, Mr. (Jeorge Kutlray, Mr, nut» Mrs. Mat k mid child, and Mr W. Chin le». Tilla present rcra is matt umpioationahly one of an eventful character. We live in times |'regnant with deep interest. There in .pumitthinr in our atmosphere-in fut, in «very public ami private movement-flint it calculated lo imprest tho'mind with n belief, that the Colony of Now South Wales p:w SQ8Scs certain ingredients, which have not . perhaps developed thumsnlvcs in any otli«'r f< 'Jiritish nppondtigo at so early a |icriod after " its establishment, especially when the fact is ^ understood, and fell, thal we are yet in our lending strings. We had occisión, mime twelve months ago, to remark upon a cele- brated threatened impeachment, the imbe- cility and injustice of which it fell to our pro vinco to explode, whilst the authors of the pint in contemplation were visited with that I " confusion to which arrogance and faction must v inevitably hu subject. But, the attempt to , which we have adverted, is nothing in compa- rison with that which is now upon the tapit. The Publie ure already in possession «if the fact, that a Government Order has appeared in the public prints, animad verting, in very pro- per and becoming terms, upon the impropriety j i of certain individuals daring to convey lan- I 1 guage, of au insulting cast, to the l{opr<>seii(alive of the Sovereign. This Order I as been stig- matized with the appellation of libel ! Al. libel upon whom, pray j- In «me of our recent I < numbers, we have remarked upon what seemed very odd, that the Colonial Secretary should I '. bo constrained to give evidence in reference | to a certain mnulier of the Sydney C.'jzctte, j l «that contained an alleged ofll'iisi ve Order, which was published 7 months subset/neil I ly lo the libel then under investiga! ion, and which .could «inly have been forced upon the Hon. Mr. M'Luay, fur .the purpose of eliciting in- formation, »\liich waa afterwards,as tlie neipiel will tell, to ho converted into an instrument ngaiiut himself. To the amazement of the Public, on Friday last, in reference to this Order, Mr. Wentworth moved, that the Su- premo Court do grant an information against the Hon. Mr. MT.kay for a libel on Dr. Wardell-upon Dr. Wardell, die Editor of the Australian ! Mr. Wentworth had no sooner concluded his argumentative appeal, than Dr. Wardell, the aforesaid Editor, moved Hie Court to grant an information against the said Hon. Mr. M'Lkay. for a libel on Mr. Went- worth ! How friendly were these acts ; an«! with what self gratula lion must euch of the-o learned, worthies have stood up, in the Supremo Court, and entreated Their Honors the Judges to allow informations on charges oí libel to beoxliibilo«!, not against tho Honor- able the Colonial Secretary, who is merely the Organ of Government, hut, supposing the Or- der ad crtcd to, lo he an otficial document, which we do not admit,against the Governor himself ! Yes, wo insist that this is not an at- tack upon tho Colonial Secretary, but it is a fermai attack upon Hie ífepi- osontativo of that Kmg, * hose authority Courts of Justice will maintain, even should every other right prove to fail. Though Mr. Wentworth mid Di" Wardell supported thoir motions by afliduvit in the usual way, nevertheless the Court de- ferred granting the Rule until thin «lay, (Mon- day), f»y which time their Honors would bo able to conclude v. hellier the oiretuustanoos wer«, such at to rcquirn judicial interference whether (he Governor was assailable through any Court in the Colony, for the public actsof Hin Administration-and whether the Colonial Secretary, as the Organ of Government, can, either in law or common sense, lie hcl«l to ho liable for an act «»ver which he ci old not ho supposed to lia ve controul. Such me sumo of the li'iiding feature« of this extraordinary move- ment, which, if wo »vero inclined to give au opinion upon, we should «ay, must be ultimately «I'fiiiiissod by the Court, even should the Hule Nisi be granted. So ineoiigruotij. an act, we could cot have supposed any one, gifted with an iota of rationality, wouhl have at- tempted. The | reject must fail, even sup- posing tlie Order iii «picsti.iii could fie tortured into a libel, which we «leny ; for, admitting tim Ortler to be tho official «»flspring of II is Kxi'cllcnt'y'n will ami pleasure, tho Colo- nial Socn'lary cannot fie doetocd res|KiiiRihhi in any way for au net which could not be prove«! as his own; and (io man, whatever fie his gru«!o in life, can ho criminated tin a charge, wherein no malus animus could be proved t«> have existed On lils part. If such were not the principle of law ami «'iptity, every journeyman printer, in a newspaper establishment, would hu pi.rtir.ipes crimhiis with the li«litor in a prosecution for seditious libel ; and, intleed, the principle is so obvious, that its fallacy cannot escupo the most, bigotte«! apprehension, ihe tiOViiiiNoit is not amenable to the juris «hot¡on of any of th« C«ntrts of Law ¡ti the Colony ; though we do not mean to in diiuialothaltlioGovKRNOK. is no1 accountable in another quarter lor inoamir«'H that might be view«'«! as arbitrary or illegal; bul, whilst in the enjoyment of Vice-regal power, in our humble opinion, «»nu the Supremo Court of Now eolith Wales cannot approach Hu Lx ckm.kncy. The act «if the Honorable Mr. API.kay, as Colonial Secretary, is the act of the Go veh Non, ami, a« the Goykknor is nut liable lo the interference of Colonial Judi- cial authority, of course it cannot be ima- gined that tho Colonial «Secretary, the mere ¡niill'eimive, bul ««ssential Organ of the Govern- ment, can hu called upon to answer for that act with which lie could not bosup|>o-«'d,in any other way, mixed up, except by oilicial siual amatlon. Tlie lawlers, it will lie prov d, lave beguii at the. wrong end; and, na they hu have tailed in many other iiroiects of a like momentous natur«!, they will likewise fail in this. Granting that the Huies sought for wen« allowed by tlie Court, and supposiu«^ that snell a prosecution cmihl be allow«1«! togo on, and it were even believed that the Order »».ore tlie semblance of libel, nevertheless tor know wherein »nell a prosecution must fall to the ground. Al presold, however, wo will not render others as wise as ourselves; but we are no way apprehensive that so outrageous a proceeding, on Hie part of an outrageous Edi- tor, will lie millorod by the Honorable the Supreme Court, in the exercise of its wisdom and justice, to outrage "the peace, welfare, and good government of the Colony ;" ant, by the «loci ion which will he given, lid«« «lay, aqucst;on, pregnant «» itli such anomaly, will ef- fectua Hy b«! set at rest. Wo supiwsc that tlie Honorable Mi. M'Li-.av, in order to assist tho prosecutors in proving their case, will be called upon to pioduce the Sydney Cla ¡ei/fcv, with the alleged olh'iuiivo Order ! But, could tlie Colonial Secretary, if prosecuted as Colonial Secretary, bo compelled lo provo the prosecutor's case f Indeed, we think not ; and we should be glad to know who thor tlie iiiiuiIr-is of the Sydney (.'azette, upon which ali'tilaviis have already boen tiled, 11 au«! Huies sought for in the .Supreme Court t we say, »ve sljouhl he gla«l to ascertain, whe- ther th«'se papers have boon prove«!, and whe- ther th«'y can lie proved, to lie genuine copies of tlie Sydney Gazelle!'' However, these are minor points «»bon compare«! with tho grand question of the liability of the Govern- ment, for any of its acts, to a Colonial tribu- nal. If any niau, or sel of men, have jist ground to seek for reparation for real or imaginary injury, they will have thal oppor- tunity allbrded thom in the Mother Country, upon the retirement of the Govkknou, which is very properly and constitutionally ilouicd them in thi-. Hut we deny that any party has.stistaiued injury at the hands of the Government. Too long has His lixcui. i.in«;y horno gross insults fr«im the voice of a fiction, which, ero long, will ho ox tincl iii the Colony, and th.s extinction will be the consequence of those »cry acts, and ol' th*.! No. oilicial, which His I£x«;i-,i.i,uncy has mani- fested a laudable tln'.ermiiiatiuu to carry into effect. Lung enough, in our opinion, «lid the GovKiiNoit forbear to exert that power wi ii »vliicb he has boen Royally invested, and to have any longer brooke«! the annoyance» and opposition to which we must say His lix <; ii i, minc Y unnecessarily mihjccled him elf, would have argued a limul neither firm, en- lightened, nor assiduous. The very indivi- duals who have the most strenuously opposed the measures of the Goverimlcnf, almost in every instance, aro the must indebted to (he generosity, favorable consideration, and urba- nity «if His Lx<;r.i,Li.NCY. We will not de- scend to particularise-it is stiilic out for us to be in possession of the facts, and capable of adverting to thom whenever called upon. Regarding tho alleged offensive Govern- ment Order, it will bo known, in tho course of to day, whethur the Government lias not a right lo express its doU'station of men anti measures, when tim same are determinedly and incessantly considered to be opposed to the well-being of the Cmmunity. Wo are authorized to announce tho retire- ment of G ko iiu v. Cox, Esq. from the Turf Club. As there aro numbers of Gentlemen who have lung since relinquished their con- nexion willi ttiis ghost of an institution, and ' wito might »vish lo have their retirements I announced, wo take this opportunity of men tinning, that we shall not fail to give pub.icily : lo the same on receipt of such itiformatio i. I Hut real y it is loo much for Gentlemen to hu augry willi the omission of that with tv.'ticli j »ve could not possibly bo acquainted, unless conveyed to us through some channel or other. ' A third .teditlniwlihol, namely, Tia King v. Hull, windi was hxod foi Satin day lust, lins been abandoned, foi the present, hy Hi» J ." Mi-justy's Aitoiiiey Goiioral. Wo congram- | ^ lato the Government on ihw sD |>, because wo ,, ai o fully impruscd with the belief-and wo will not stale why or when fine-that the (io- ,/ vi.initient would only toiilmue lo i tpt i m iil.o i *' that addition insulting line of conduct, which has lutl.oito muked the pro ,icss of these pro. set ut ions. In som« of oin lor ncr numb' r«, it has been clfiboialely «hewn tint a <*ov» ru- inant ((instituted as oui s in, with a fieo pi «'H'*, without rcpreni ntation, and in the ihsnioof lom(Jürito that usHioii, bctnmiM pitted in a most awkward and iitirnvnble siluitton , and that, unless «oma »chorno could ho di vised, wbriüby tho Govi ruinent might hecnibloil to air »rd rwitont fur Hu nrery arl, by windi uitmin i propel cuuuterpnisf would bo given to public opinion, the true dom of the pit si ought not to bo ownged in tim vii} m w'ndi it b,ts been in this Colony. VVe confond lint our Jura ti hive never yet been propoi ly en- lightened upon on« point, H t» true, th it gt«Mt I puns hive bein it hoi led to, studiously to »múltate (lie ul-t that they ire to totisidir IhoniHolvei um twelve Civdihis would in tie Mothei Country, or f i «iii amongst the Publie on tho «pot ; hut it bus never been otilorccd upon their mind'-, Hitit the liberty of the puis, if prostituted in Hie ( olony, m a binn to tho Government, without being pro|M»itionitely advantageous tu the Colonial»«, ititi that how- ever ninth tuav be mid about the powir mid millionte ol Gurt minent, still it should ho en,r ivon upon the hearts of jun mi ii, tint tho Colimul Government i« nut fiirly, if at all rt prt vi iitcd , and lint if tic un una vu pun could onb be safely and cor» dilution illy In id open bclure Iii« Public, then tho e iikantuen whirh are often curst le s y and ungriciously deuumiied, would privett» be bottomed ti; on Hie principles ol equ ty and sound ion ni On some other occasion, it if oui intention to i brow uldilioud li/Jit on this Mihjecl, Í »r it ii one of too import mt i bcji tug to be p issed oter with our usutl bete. We ii jo te, how en r, that the Attorney (»cmr d In.« mi pended pro«t edmgs, because we know, mil (hit in s|H»kmg pietty b otidly, mulei e\istui" i ir » musían« » «, til it no vi idtt t would eva bi te (uiittd Vie ne not (in utily lo touvi« lion« for hbi I, but we should be violitmg the high uchcitsnf conic otu e, uni lui tuning i pi omi nent bl inch of our duty, win we no1 to ton bus Ibul the ExcíuIivo Auihoiilas have h tu ,iny illili^ but dueutly h nulli d. One or two of our oldest fi lend« have hd n pleas« d lo express (he r narpi isn at tho tono in wlui.li we hive del vered our Htm tuns, in retVicnto to the late const i lined icttie meniK Irom public life, and more «?mctiilly felt ofli iidijd with those n in irki tint might bo considered to apply to the Sherdl (Mr. Mai kam bi), inasmuch as, it hal. been in- tim «ted tous, as ,i very .mgiilar tirciiinstiiicc, (bat wo have been condemning the ftioi et thugs 1 of a Comity Meeting,in »inch the Ldtluruf tins I Journal, it is asserted, ventured himself to mike < M moat radical spied i | Now, at we have no ' wish tu Uti iinpugni ti willi nu onsislcn» ,, and t are not by any means dcsin ii« of yu Idmg (u ? such unfavourable impression», it becomes otu ' public duly to vuidit ale ourselves from su foul ( »charge, lu Ibu first pi ice, thcu, wo must I beg lo draw tin attention of oin Reader» to ' that particular County Meeting, which lim I becu attended with sume of those gloomy re- ' nulls that vie could nut but anti» ipate. It ' was the County Meeting which was held oa ' the 2(itti .laiiutiyol the present year, out of j Hinch a i «»se the reniement of Hie Sheriff. On tint occisión the Editor ol the G zt'i7t never , ' uttertd u syllihb in the Meeting, win b he I challenges any one tu proie , and su i.ir bom ¡ ' being altogether giattfi» »I with wh it lell bom i ' some of thospe.iki is ou tlutloci a>ioii,boiuuse- j verity ul auiuiidveisiou .qipeiic d in otu co- j hunns, lu Iheev um.,, too, ii (he Dunn i, the , l'alitor fell himsell compelled lo relue, '» in the company li k1 se irt ely s it do mi- i I u I wi II kuown-idtht'i tb m wilni ss the ihseuceol iii it grititude .in»! icspecf, on the put of iiitiiu (lenlleinen tow mis Him,I ? whom lin y w« re on lint di) under spend obhnitioii, thett.'oie weiuulhei spokeat the M» einig, tun siam ile at the Dunn r, which »mun eil on the 20th «it Jitiuity list At (ho Oclohi i County Meeting, in the jen 1825, we « ouït s, i lew woids escqied the j aillo, ot the S (.tiisrlt , by wiy ut obs mc ling the 1 ditoi of the AiiilKilittn bom expunging the most \ i lutble sentence in the Address to Sir THOMAS BRISBANE ; and, whether there is any thing in that very short Address, which appears in the Sydney Gazette of the 4th October, 1825, of a nature that is ot strictly loyal and constitutional, may be ascertained on a ref erence. On that occasion we did speak —on the latter occasion we did not utter a word either pro or con ; and how anyone could have mixed up one Meeting with the other, is to us rather singular, though we do not intend to couvy the idea that such a report pro ceeded from malignant invention ; but, never thule,s, we felt ii our duty, is we ti vi)s shill intasei» of exigency, to exeulpite ouiscivcs bon any einige which might, by the io uiotist possibility, li »vo i tenden» y t > injuie um political chu iclei, tud theiehy lessi .i the weight ut that .tournai which has h therto Iicmii poweihilly and extensively ptiminie I, puitly on account of its consistent and unde viatitig hue of politics, lo which we' tiust wo shall nevei cetse l.uliilully to adhere; and, in so doing, still siat« u oven those mturusu which we fool aiccuaiidcd to oui cue. Mr Robert Cooper, of George-street, en- tertained a very large and respectable Party of Friends, on the evening of Friday last. On Saturday last, eleven individuals, named Harding, Levy, Porter Johnson, Wood, Gran, Pike, Hamilton, Holland, Killock, and Davis, appeared before the Police, to answer to summonses issued at the instance of Chief Constable Jilks, for selling spirits without a licence. The parties were severally convicted, and fined each in £25 with costs, amounting all, to £275, exclusive of costs. Mr. Barnett Levey's whirl-about thing- umbob was put in motion on Christmas day The scentence of the law will be carried into effect this morning, on five criminals, among whom is Tommy, a black native. 