To the Editor oj' the Jiuatralian. Sin, I am a British tar, and having been lately a good deal on shore, through' the principal streeti of Sydney ; 1 confess to you with pleasure, that my surprise was never before so much ex cited, in all the Countries I have ever visited, as it has been m New South Wales. Where I looked for bark huts, and weather boarded hovels, I have found streets as long as Oxford-street, and mansions that might do credit to Hanover-square. Such a metamorphose as the town of Sydney has presented in little more than thirty years, is certainly without a parallel in ancient or modern limes — the crowded streets— the, elegant shops.—thc London carriages— -the stage coaches,5 with the guard 'blowing' the horn — the street lamps— drays— markets— the women crying fish — the numerous boats and vessels — with every body speaking English, and no foreigners black or brown, &c.; &c.; have so bothered me at times, as scarcely to be sensible that -I was out of England. Three things however, have jogged my recollection ; two of which are highly favorable, the other I think disgraceful. Your beautiful blue sky, and no beggars, have delighpd me ; but, the long string of Government convict- gangs proceeding to work along George-street, is among the most melancholy sights in the world ; half a mile an hour is about their snnil pace, and their half clothed, almost naked; their emaciated appearance prove that they are half starved ! This, in a land of plenty, is un-English, cruel, and unwise. Feed them well and work them well, coarse and wholesome food ; but at any rate give, them a belly-full whatever it is. Your horses are as fine as they are in England, are as sleek in their appearance, and perform, as I hear, still greater journeys than at home. It needs no ghost thererore, to tell us that your horses are well fed. Do the same then with vour gangs. I know not what they are allowed, but judging from their condition, it must be very, small. ^ The ship allowance for the commonest sailor in your harbour is, 14lb. Salt beef, 1 ; , 4lb.' Flour, - per week, 7lb. Biscuit, ? J With one-half pint of grog per day. Men who work in the open air can always eat double the quantity of persons in-doors. Let those who are not sensible of the fact, try it. /By encrcasing the Barrack allowance, 3-ou will double the disposable labour of the gangs ; create a greater deaaand for Coioninl provisions to the support of agriculture ; and above all, put an end to bush-ranging, which, like radicalism in England, is the child of dislress'and starvation. Jason. 