The following is an Extract from " Letters on the State of Ireland," a publication which attracts much attention from Politicians and Members of Parliament at this time. To the Christian, Philosopher, and Economist, it will be found equally interesting. (Ed.) BeFORE I notice the causes which appear to me to have accelerated the increase of the Irish people, it may not be irrelevant to observe, that, without adopting the opinions of Mr. Owen on the capability of this country to support eighteen or twenty millions of inhabitants, I am inclined to the opinion that its present populations is not at all excessive; and. that th, legislature might in a single session pass such laws as would, in. the course of a very few years, render the poor of Ireland, who now create so much anxiety and alarm, if not as comfortable as those of the same class in England, at least place them beyond the reach of want, and in a way of promoting their own comforts. There is a large surface of land in Ireland, which, if once reclaimed would not, like the commons of England or marshes of Scotland, be ungrate ful to the husbandman : on the contrary, it would be exceed ingly fertile. They are not these lands, however, on which I would depend for the support of the population, but on the lands actually employed in pasture or tillage. OWING to the want of capital and of improved plans of husbandry, these latter do not yield at an average one-half the quantity of grass, vegetables, roots, or corn, which, under a better system of municipal law, they might be made to produce. The rack rents, grand jury assessments, taxes, tithes, and church-rates, have so ground down the peasantry, that they have wasted the very earth itself in their endeavours to extract from it something wherewith to satisfy the locusts which come successively to torment them. They have no capital; they cannot drain, nor fence, nor manure their fields; they cannot improve their seed; their cattle are not able to work; it is not in their power to employ or feed labourers; they have no winter crops; their fallows are not stirred or cleansed; the most simple or useful improvement in husbandry is not within their reach; and should any of them be more fortunate, and succeed in scraping together some capital, he hides it in the earth; as his fathers did in the time of the Danish incursions, lest if he appeared to be worth a guinea, his lease might not be renewed; or, if renewed, lest his rent should be raised in proportion to his industry and his own improvements. The rack rents are an intolerable evil, and will be so whilst the laws continue to tender the landlord a tyrant, and the tenant a slave; whilst fear and distrust, hatred and oppression, are the links which connect the peasantry and gentry of Ireland, the land must wither and people starve, whether they be few or many. But the most heart- rending curse which Providence has permitted to fall on the land occupied in Ireland, is the Church Esta blishment ; this, like the scorpion's tail, is armed at all points, and scourges the peasant through tithes and church rates, till it draws his very blood. This Establishment not only strips him of food and raiment, but it also insults him by the monstrous injustice of obliging him to give his sweat and labour, and the bread of his children, to build or repair waste houses, whilst he himself is left to pray in the.open air ; to feed the parson and his rapacious fanily and followers, who go about, not doing good, but to vilify and calumniate the religion which this peasant reveres : it compels him to pur chase bread, and wine, and stoves, and music' for the Church which he deems profane; to pay the glazier, and the mason, and the sexton, and the grave-digger, who divide his 'clothes between them, and cast lots, like the Deicide Jews, upon his cloak. Whilst these oppressions are suffered to continue, how can men, who are made in the image and likeness of God, and for whose use the earth yields all its produce, how can they be fed, or in any way provided for? They must either be sacrificed in hecatombs to the furious passions, which brood over this country, or these passions miust be reotruned and the laws altered which gave them birth. I should rather, with Hobbes, suppose that society is not congenial to man ; or desire, with Rousseau to return to a state of nature, than cease protesting against the system in Ireland which has rendered population a curse, which has dried up every source of industry and profit, not only in the inhabitants of the country but in the earth itself; and which has condemned, by anll inversion of the ordinance of God, a people to live only for the sake of institutions. But then, how can these evils be remedied, and this abundant population provided for? Let the laws be equalized, public nuisances abolished, and provision made for the poor, which will give them food and raiment for their labour. This will remove an immense mass of discon tent ; it will produce peace and order, not by terror and cpm pulsion, as at present, but by self-interest and attachment to the law; it will introduce capital, trade, and manufacturers, as the accompaninments of peace; it will destroy the system of rack-rents, of sub-divisions, of land, whilst it will, in a few years, increase ,the income of the proprietor, as ,well as the capital, skill, and improvements of the farmer. But 1 arn here antitipating much of what I intend to discuss in a future Letter on the introduction of poor-rates to Ireland. To resume, therefore, the subject of population. I con sider it now stationary in this country, or nearly so : an in quiry, theiefore, into the cause of its rapid increase does not seem to me very necessary ; it is, however, deserving of notice. I attribute whatever of increase has taken place in the num bers of the people chiefly to the unprecedented demand for agricultural produce which prevailed during the late pro tracted wars; to the immense capital in paper- money and credit which was then afloat, and to the inc:tements, as well as facilities, thus afforded for the employment of labourers and tradesmen. When men are employed and have money, when a father can with facility give an establishment, however slender, to his child, young people, though busy, find time to intermarry; and when thus rendered happy, seldom-at least in Ireland- fail to increase and multiply. We should not omit to notice what the political economists have so saga ciously discovered; that as the ordinary food of our peasan try is potatoes, a .commodity generally cheap and abundant, a small provision seems to the poor man sufficient to entitle him to become the founder of a family. That this species of food were rendered more scarce, and the cultivation of it, as a means of human subsistence, discouraged, appears to mne desirable,--and not only desirable, but very practicable. But this by way of parenthesis. Another cause of the regular incease of population is found in the poverty and the piety strange to tell !-of the Irish. From what has lately appeared in evidence before a com inittee of the House of Commons, I am inclined to think, that if in England the poverty and the habits of life occasioned by it were the same as in Ireland, the illicit intercourse of the sexes would be as extensive and unblushing as it is at Madras or Calcutta: but amongst us this appetite is restrained as well by a natural decorum, which has ever characterized the women of this country, as by a strong and reverential fear of God, constantly kept alive and strengthend by the admonitions of the priests; but as love, like death, ?qtuo pulsat pede pup erumn tabernas regumque turres, when it once enters into our hamlets it seeks its object not by degrading the person and tainting the soul, but in that holy wedlock which our Redeemer has sanctified, and his Apostles declared to be ho nourable in all without distinction of rich or poor. The Clergy often dissuade it; they calculate for the young lover ; they represent to him the difficulties and distress which probaly await himself and the object of his affections ; they recommend to him the necessity of restraining the ardour of his attachment; they even plead their own example : but how often have I myself yielded to the sighs of the virgin or the tears of the youth, and blessed the nuptials which I could no longer prevent. Good God, how little are we, the Catholic Clergy of Ireland, known even to our friends when one of them could represent us in parliament, as encouraging the intermarriage of the poor for the sake of " base lucre !"-those poor who have nothing to bestow but their prayers and affection and with whom we gladly divide every shilling which Providenrc places at our disposal. The writer of this Letter is con nected with upwards of 200,000 Catholics, rich and poor, and he receives from them all little more than one.third. of what a neighbouring parson receives for the tithes of a SINGLE PARISH; and this pittance he shares freel) and' affect ionately with his children, who are the poor. In doing so, he only copies the conduct of his brethren ; and he states it not through self-esteem, but in justification of the order of menwto whom he has the honour and happiness to belong. TIrE piety of our peasantry thus impels .them to increase and multiply, not so as to violate the law of nature and afflict society, but in the manner ordained by God, and sane tioned by Christ and his Apostles. The poverty of the people contributes to this result also; for the poor are less solicitous about an establishment in the world than those who already have a competency. They say of marriage, as of other changes in their life, that "it cannot make them worse," but that it may give them a help-mate in distress, or at least a companion in suffering ; and the most sweet, if not the most sentimental of poets has told us, solatium est miseris socios habere doloris. This may appear a weak plea, but we admit it, and excuse the weakness by which it is dictated. A po-. litcal economist may sneer at these sentiments, and hunt the pages of a Protestant Divine for wellworded sarcasm against the writer. But without entering, for the present at least, into the fashionable doctrines on population, it may be per mnitted to a Catholic Priest to assert, that he is bound by his religion to preserve, as far as he may, the people commit ted to his care from sin. Some philosophers, I am aware, treat such subjects with levity, and look without loathing on the shocking pictures which certain parishes in Protestant England exhibit. But these practices are regarded under a very serious aspect by the Sacred Scriptures and the Catholic Church; and by their laws the priest is bound to regulate his duties, as he believes in their authority and in the unerring justice of that tribunal to the bar of which he is hastening. THE father also of the poor and unprotected female, who loves her as he does his life, when he finds himself unable to provide for her, and his end perhaps approaching, rather than leave her exposed to.the dangers of the world,,gladly gives her hand to. a poor and virtuous companion, that her honour may not be stained, that she may not by her misfortune, bring his own grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. . THE intimate familiarity which prevails amongst the poor, the absence of that formal reserve and polite decorum which is observable amongst even the middling ranks of society, is another cause why intimacies are easily contracted in the lower classes of the people; and these intimacies must end in marriage or in sin. Let then the condition of the poor be altered; enable them to obtain a competency; give the parent some means of providing for his daughter; give to her a better education and a deeper sense, not of piety alone, but of politeness and social decency, and you will delay marriage and thereby retard the increase of population without infringing on virtue. Poverty and population act reciprocally upon eaeh other like cause and effect; remove the one, or lessen it, and you will thereby check the other. As to the general influence of increased numbers of the peope on the state of the country, this deserves to be consi- e dered in two points of view, If the axe be laid to the root of the evil in Ireland, and a provident system of legislation be adop ted for her, the present population is not excessive, nor likely to become so.; I think it no more than adequate to her wants, A new system of government in Ireland would shortly create a very great demand for labour, and afford an opportunity to landlords either to provide permanently for the poor on their estates, without permitting them to multiply 'their dwellings, or enable them to remove to other parts of the coun. try where labour might he more valuable, not as it happens now when they may be driven to perish on the highways by a death emore piteous than that of the Hindoos whom Hasting's cruelty sent to perish in the Ganges. BUT if the policy of governing by division be pursued longer, then the people. will perish by famine, or emigrate to Britain, or be cut off by the sword • If strong measures be resorted to, and some of the Irish gentry and absentees proceed as they have been doing, these results, or some one of them, will be accelerated. Captain Rock will resume his sway, the poor will instinctively confederate, the Insurrection Act will be in constant operation, and if a foreign war should occur, and circumstances favour it, there may be a general rebellion, the most sanguinary which has ever occurred in Ireland. What the result would be, God only knows. I know that my office as a minister of religion, and my duty as a loyal subject, require that I should state my opinions at a time when effectual remidies may be safely applied; and I do so, totally regardless of the slave .and the bigot; nay, though I was doomed, like the prophetess in the poet, never to be believed. Or let it be supposed that the law, by the agency of the musket, the transport, or gibbet, may still sustain the uneasy tranquillity of the country, and that the population should be pressed on as heretofore ; then they will congregate in towns and villages, finding no habitations or employment in the country; and should a dearth of provisions occur, famine and pestilence will set in together,, and rid us probably of a million.. Happily we have missionaries in allun dance to attend the dying; but if there be "a chosen curse, some hidden thunder in the stores of heaven," it must be reserved to blast those men who shall have brought such ruin on their country. OR again, let it be supposed that no such.catastrophe will occur: then the natural mode of relief .is emigration to our kind and affectionate friends the Scots, or to England. Some of our leaders in the Association may publish a pro clamation, or one of our bishops a pastoral, explaining the advantages of emigration to England, pointing out the route, and furnishing froin the Catholic rent-fund the expences of a passage by steam-boats. 'This will afford to England an opportunity of exercising her hospitality, which, like the faith of the Romans, is spoken of throughout the world. Or should she be so ungenerous as to dismiss the strangers empty, in that case the emigrants may sink into the sea upon their passage homewards, or wander up and down like ghosts upon the shore, as their fathers did in the days of Elizabeth, living upon grass and sea-weed until they expire, and leave their bones to bleach upon the cliffs. These are the effcts .Which I contemplate as likely to arise from the state sf time population combined with the state of the laws, should no amelioration take place. (To be continued.) DISTRESS IN ENGLAND. (The following anecdote will give our Read'rs a better idea of the distress which at pre sent ragesin England than whole general descriptions. Ed.) SURnnEY SESSIONs.-On Monday,.Mary Susannah Dye kin was indicted for stealing a pair of shoes from Maria Wilson. The appearance of the prisoner, a woman of f some 35 years of age, and who bore evident marks of hav ing seen better days, excited the deepest commnisdration. She was habited in decent mourning, and seemed deeply to feel the painful and degrading situation in which she was placed.-Maia WVilson the prosecutrix, proved the fact of the robbery, but strongly recommended the pri soner to mercy.-The Jury returned a verdict. of Gui ty and joined in the recommendation of the prosecutrix-At this moment the prisoner, with'tears in her eyes, handed the annexed petition to the Court, which contained the following statements-" I have been left a widow upwards of three years, with a family of six children, and' for the last eight months have scarcely been able to obtain any employment. .On the 20th of July, the little property misfortune had left me was taken by a rapa cious landlord for a few shillings: of, rent.. Thus I was thrust on the world with my wretched family. After being exposed several nights, with no canopy but the heavens-no pillow but the step of a door, I at length procured an empty apartment. At this dreadful crisis one of my poor girls suggested the possibility of selling" her hair, that we might procutre something to allay the cravings of appetite. Sbe cut it from hier head, took it and procured four-pence for it. Even this poor pittance though but enough to procure a scanty meal, was considered a blessing, after fasting nearly two days. The cries of my children for food increased, and my heart which bled for tlheir slightest suffering in earlier days, was now tortured to madness by their accumulated miseries. Nature cried aloud within me-the appeal, nas irresistible-I rushed forth amidst my phrenzy and des pair, and committedthe crime which has placed me here v a wretched criminal, and suppliant for mercy."-The h Chairman, on reading this appeal, said, that if true, the case was a very lamentable one, and, in consideration of the recommendation of the Jury and prosecutrix, sen tenced her to 14 days imprisonment at Brixton. A MODERN ROBINSON CRUSOE.-THE Thetis trans- port, Lieutenant Hopkins, which arrived here a few in days since from the Pacific Ocean, had occasion to touch at the Island of Mocho for water, the only inhabitants on which was an English seaman, of the name of Joseph Richardson, a native of Aldington, near Ashford, in Kent, who, like another Robinson Crusoe or Alexander Selkirk, had made choice of such a solitary houseless spot, upwards of three years since, for a residence, when he was landed by his own urgent desire from a Patriot ship of war commanded, by Captain Robertson. The island is about sixty miles in circumference, and about sixty miles from the coast of Chili, in lat. 39, S. very seldom visited by ships, as it does not afford neces- sity supplies of wood, but it does of water in abun- dance. It is remarkbly fertile, and abounds with hogs and horses. Richardson has cultivated two gardens, on the production of which, with pork, young-horse flesh, and wild pigeons, he lives. He hunts. the former ani- mals with dogs, a fine breed of which he has broken in; the pigeons are so numerous that he has little difficulty in obtaining them, and a few other kind of birds, though the only fire arms he possesses is an old musket with a broken lock, which he discharges by means of a match; but by patient watching under the trees, he contrives by such defective means to vary his diet as often as he wishes. About nine month since, the Indians hearing of his desolate situation, though not all disposed to join in community, landed two of their native girls on the island. Richardson instantly made choice of one of them as his consort, and proclaimed her, queen of the Island, and the other he calls his cook. The distinction between these two individuals was quite perceptible on the present, visit.-Richardson having no means of amusement besides the necessary employment of ob taining subsistance, at his own request Lieutenant Hop- kins supplied him with a Bible and Prayer Book. Lieu- tenant H. offered to take him off the island, but he re- fused to leave it, declaring his determination of passing his life in his own government. He had commenced erecting a fort to protect himself from the Indians. There was no present appearance of an increase of his subjects.-(Hampshire Telegraph) There is a very odd coincidence ip regard to those who compose the corporation of Ramsgate, they being all of one trade-viz. High' Constable and 'Sheriff's Officer, Mr. Hladden-- a tailor; the Deputy Sheriff, Mr. Philpott-a tailor; Head Cryer, Mr. Haddenr-a tailor the Master of the National School,'Mr. Colvin-a tailor the Master of the Workhouse,' Mr. Pole--a tailor; the Beadle of the Parish, Mr. 'hilpot. Jun.--a tailor; the Sexton and Grave-digger, M:r. Philpot-a tailor; the Deputy 'Constable, Mr. Philpot,"jun:--a tailor. SIR WALTERI SCOTT, it is reported, is shortly to. be married to a Lady of immense wealth. Mr. Bruce, who under the patronage of the late' Lord Melville, became Professor of Logic in the University of Edinburgh, and afterwards Historiographer to the East India Compaiy, and lastly, in conjunction with Sir-- Hunter Blair, Printer to the King for Scotland, lately died, leaving be hind him, to a maiden sister; an immense fortunie, 'soime say of three hundred thousand pounds. The worthy Baronet, it is reported, has successfully'madelove' to'this accomplished Lady, who,' oln her piart, insists on ,his re ceiving from her, before marriage, one hundred thousanid pounds to clear his'incumbrances. Who, after this; will say, that th'e climate of Scotland is cold ?-Morning Ch ronicle. ' THII FRENCII EECU?IONVER.--Accounts 'from Paris' dated Sept: 23, state, that the celebrated JiseplhSainson; the public executioner before and' du'ring'the FrencdihRe volution, has just expired 'at' his :residence, Rue St. Victor. He guillotined Louis the' Sixteenth, and the Queen, also Colithon Brissou, Robespierre, and their itd4 versaries. ':Ie died at the age of" 6', anid as cofise. quen'tly only 27 years old, when it biicame his lot td act os the public executioner. : : . . . . . .. . . . . ". . . . . . . . . - .L . '2. 