CHINESE JESTS. Among1 all the lighter productions of a literary people, th.-re is something' from which we eau with such certainty gather their real opinions, humours, habitual feelings, and popular manners, as from a cur. rent jest-book.. A tale or novel may be esteemed by the natives for its wit, for its naivete, for its pleasant adventures, for its pathetic details, or other beauties, while, at the same time, the opinions, habits of feeling, and beliefs, either as attributed to the personages in I J rod need, or otherwise insinuated, as common, may be far from nn echo of the public voice-they moy be peculiarities of the author, or of a small party ; and may, require un allowance therefore, and a certain withholding- and suspending of assent in the reader ; but what this allowance ought to he,-what lie is to accept for certain, and what for uncertain, must needs be very difficult for a foreigner lo determine. The Îame difficulty attends dramatic pieces, and other ight or satirical productions. They, as well as no fels, do nil of them, for the most part, contain indica, {ions of the popular feeling ; aid if read extensively, and in very great variety, the average information (hey convey, mid the average impression (if one may call it so) tiiey make on a cautious mind, may approx- imate very nearly to the truth ; for the errors, misre- presentations, incorrectnesses, partialities, overcharg- ing«, extravagances, peculiarities of feeling and opi- nion, likings, dislikings, and unfairnesses of one au. ihor, are corrected, neutinlized, and annihilated by similar, but opposite errors and misrepresentations in another; but any one taken alone is but doubtful authority, and can by no means bo safely relied upon by a stranger. * lie w ho, from reading Moliere or Le Sago, should conclude, that the art, of curing diseases was ever bein by, the French, or by any considerable, party among, them,,to be a vain pretence, would conclude fnhfly. He who should directly, aim without corree lion, measure the estimation, in which country gentle men, are held, or ever were held, in England by Fielding's 'Joseph Andrews,'* would conclude erro, nepusiy, He who should imagine that the portrait 0f the hté,l£in!j;, ¿uijic hearts of,the English people, is, or ev,er was, ,nt ai^corn-sponlent to, or al ,«11 repre- sented by, the light and contemptuous exhibition»'of the witty Peter Pinder,' would view the subject in a false light, and ho deluded by a mockery. What manifold errors would Suirilk't lead a foreigner into, who should consult brui alone, for u picture of the then times, and should receive his delineations >ac coidingto the letter, and with a confidence propor- tioned to the esteem that writer is held in! And yet (paradoxical tis it may seem), with what exquisite und delicious truth hits he drawn from nature! what false impressions might that fictitious line in Pope create "And wretches hung, that jury-men may dine!" How readily might a foreigner show from " Guy Man nering" and other productions of that ingenious and gifted author, that witchcraft, etc. was still credited in this country, among people of education. And if these misconceptions might arise from a perusal of the first-rate writers, of the Molieres, the Fieldings, the Popes, the Smollets, what dependence can be placed on the fidelity of any one insulated painting taken from the herd of ordinary novelists, poets, or satirists ? The jests that are in circulation in a country, are in a great measure exempt from this uncertainty. When a jest implies a notion to he current among the people, it really is so, or there would he no jest at all. Suppose, for example, any one should attempt to found a jest on an implied feeling' of contempt and dislike to rejoicings for military and naval victories ; it would neuessaiily fail; it would not tickle even a quaker, but would seem hollow and vapid, however ingenious the points that were introduced: yet a tale writer may endow his personages with such feelings, and may denounce the joyous expression of triumph, the shouts, the bonfires, the streaming of banners, and the ringing of bells, as monstrous and immoral : as an unfeeling recklessness of blood and slaughter, and misery, and widows' laments, and orphan destitution. Masterly and powerful writers may and have palmed such sickly sentimentality upon their readers, and ob- tained admiration from many. If a countryman was to go jostling and squeezing about the courts at Westminster Hall and when asked what he wanted, should reply-He was looking for an honest lawyer,---such answer would afford merriment to the unrefined and easily pleased, and might be adverted to by a clever news-writer »o us to elicit a smile even from the fastidious. Let him go so to the Exchange, and say he is looking for au honest broker ; no such joke can be worked out of it. Why ? There may, for aught I know, be us many honest lawyeis as liouest brokers, and us many knavish brokers as knavish attorneys; but the opinion has been, und probably still is, that the law does pre-emi- nently iiurtuic and dcvelope u man's knavish propen- sities. ' < If in ' Hie. »Joy French jest-books I saw jokes upon purchasing! ¿uuulioiis in the magistracy, 1 should know thAXw{$Jr-Kysteni (which was theoretically called the venality ot judges, and was much objicted' to hy 1 many speculative and reflecting men, had been popu- larly felt tube absurd mid inconsistent'with propriety. The same for purchasing commissions in the English army. But I find no such jakes. 1 find the proceed- ings in'Chancery, in England, a topic of ridicule, both in old and in modern jest-books, newspapers, &c.; Sec. by which I know that the body of the people have the same feeling willi respect to them au I have my- self. The proceedings in Chancery may he the con- summation of wisdom, and may be deserved to be wrap- ped up and omb.ilmed in their present expensive len ' tor to all eternity i but the jokes prove that we, the ¡unrobed herd, think otherwise; lhat'sall. If we weie nil us wise as Lord Chancellor«, such jokes would u it sell : bul they do sell : ergo, &c.; , The opinions and hiiuiouis of u people aie in them- selves a curious object of inquiry. They are, as opi- nions, n matter of fact : a branch of the history of the human mind, lttit they ulso lead directly lo the kuow > ledge of other facts-the facts on which they are fouud 'cd-by a mote easy and safe induction than can al- ways be had by. other means. That which people, not excited hy the mysterious, by fanuticism, or the like, 'believe to take place in ordinary life mound them, probably does take place. Thus, if among the Chinese jests I find one of the topics of laillery to be the too particular attentions of the master of the house to his daughter-in- law, v hile his son is abroad in distant parts, on his mercantile travels, I know that that ir- regularity of morals does, in the opinion of the Chi- nese, often take pluce among them, and since no people in the woild, can know the private practices of the Chinese so well as the Chinese themselves, I too am persuaded that the fact is so. lu like manner, in Christendom, the coustant jesting upon the loose and irregular conduct of the monks und other (»libates, not only shows the popular feeling on that topic, but persuades one that in fact there has been a ridiculous discrepancy between their profes- sions and their practices. The same remark applies to the Bonzes, who aie hy no means spared ni the Chinese jest hooks. The Italian tales or others do not, generally speaking, prove this matter so surely as these jests, unless to those who arc very largely conversant with them, in various authors, of various tempéra- ments und parlies. Satirical jests bold up to ridicule the vices, errors, follies, pedantries, corruption, meannesses, hypocrisy, worldiness, Sec. &c.; to he found in certain classes of men, without at all leading the reader to suppose that there are few or no exceptions. Indeed for any thing that appears to the contrary, he may often well be- lieve that the class is, geneially speaking, estimable ; and that those held up to ridicule, aie the exceptions. Thus if the ignorance, presumption, und charlatanism of the doctors in any country is exposed, the eager- ness with which their udvice is sought is ulso exposed, from which one must infer that medical skill is not at all in such places considered as a pretence ; and so in other things. Jests fasten upon men's follies and aberrations. They leave untouched the incidents, and speeches arising from honourable feelings and kindly affections. The natural course of these, and of all good and correct behaviour and upright dealing, is for the most part, out of their way. Illustrations of these, and exhibitions of the fairer side of man's nature, we may find in tales and novels: often ex- aggerated, no.doubt, as it is easy enough to be Kind ana generous on paper ; yet still proving the txistence of sentiments,and feelings to which such descriptions are more or less responsive. Thus jests,' it seems, are excellent for showing the likings, (opinions, and judg- ments of a people, Hud all that which depends on the structure of society, and on the civil and social vicis- situdes it bas undergone. Tales are more fitted to ex- hibit the innate propensities of the race, modified hy the forms of society established ntimng them : clear the tales of the effects of this modification, and of partialities; and what remains will tend to show in what degree these innate propensities of the animal called manare diffeient in different races. A judi- cious combination of the impressions from all species of light writing among a liteiary pf opie, might serve very well as a basis for forming a distinct idea of their character, and one far more accurate than can be traced out from the reveries of superficial travellers; In the following translations,'great pains have bet p. taken to preserve the substance and spirit of the jests, without deviating from the letter ol'the originals, fur- ther than was necessary to preserve ah unrestrained und natural diction» The- extreme- difiicoltyr of; this must serve in some,measure, as ap apology for the little blrjiu4b&s;,,wujbh,iaftür.all, willperhapsoffeiid thfrcye of the too critical reader. Jetts fron the CJiinese. 1\. A mntnsent a note to n rich, neighbour he vms 6t» friendly tern» with, to borrow nu ox, fora few hours. The worthy old mun was no scholar, and happened lo lui ve u KriresC-KÜtiii«- with him al the lime, that lie did not wish to expose his ignorance lo. Opening the mile, and pretending to read it ; after uflecting a moment, turning to the servant, " Very go« d," says he, " tell your master I'll come »iyie(/'presently." 2\. Ming Vang, one of the judges iii the shades be- low, sent up au Imp to this world of light, to fetch him a doctor of repute and skill. .* When," say» he, " yon come to doctors, before whose door there are no complaining ghosts, that's the mau." The imp takes the churge, and up he nscends to the regions of light. Eveiy doctor's house he parsed, had lots of angry in- jured ghosts thronging about, wailing and complain- ing of their wrongs. At last he comes to a holme where he sees only one single ghost flitting backwards and forwards before the door. " This is my mau," say» he. "This must be a successful practitioner, and have a great name, no doubt." In i et urn to lus enquiry, the answer was,<c Sir, this gentleman set np business but yesterday." 3\. A young student could not till his sheet of Thefttè. The examiner put him in a low class, and ordered bim 1 ¡i correction. Showing- his papers afterwards to a friend, (< 'Twas that half-sheet vacant that ruined | me," says he; " I had committed no other fault."..*. I " Oh no, no," says his friend, after looking at the pn I pers, *''tis all very well as it is; if you bud gone on . as you began, and tilled the sheet, and shown it up, yon would ha»e been beaten to death.** 4\. A vintner drenched his customers with sour wine. Every one made faces at it, and could hardly gulp it down. A sarcastic wag gravely remarked, " I know an excellent method of treating suth wine as this, so as to take off all its sourness." The vintner eagerly asked how, '* Why," says he, " you must take the jars, and place them upside down with their bottom upwards. To these bottom» you must apply burning moxa seven limes. On the morrow raise them up. There will be no sourness remaining."-. But," says the master, " how can vnn prevent the win« from all leaking out, go?"-" Well, replies the customer," what then ? What is the use of keeping such bluff ¡is this ?" 5\. A portrait-painter, utterly without blessings, was advised hy somebody to pniilt a likeness of himself und wife, silting under the shade of a tree, mid hung it up, that people might see and judge of his skill. Ile does so. One day his father-in-law cnuie into the shop, and casting1 his eyes about, spick this new pic« ture, " Pruy, son-in-law," say« he, " who is tliis woman you have painted here ?"-** Why, Sir, that's your ow'n dear daughter.'*-" What !" says the father with some indignation, " do you paint my dung-liter sitting abroad with a stranger ?" When the accounts of the astonishing success of Buonaparte arrived in Italy, a young nobleman ob- served, that he had gained most of those advantages, from the assistance of some new generals he had created. " 1 know no general he has lately created," said George Colman, " but otic-General Conster- nation." 