Cff)ttfe. arotb't citfgrinagt, , " . BY LORD BYRON. (Continued.) LIl. j And must they fall ? the young, the proud, the brave, .To swell one bloated Chiefs unwholesome reign ? No step between submission and a grave ? The rise of rapine and the fall of Spain? A. nd doth the Power that man adores ordain Their doom, nor heed the suppliant's appeal ? Is all that desperate Valour acts, in vain ? ' . And Counsel sage, and patriotic Zeal, The Veteran's skill, Youth's fire, and Manhood's heart of steel. ? LIV. Is it for this,'the Spanish maid arous'd, Hangs on the willow her unstrung guitar, And, all unsex'd, the Anlace hath espous'd, Sang the loud song, and dar'd the deeds of war ? And she, whom once the semblance of a scar Appall'd, an owlet's larum chill'd witb dread, Nor views the column-scattering bay'net jar, The falchion flash, and o'er the yet warm dead Stalks with Minerva's step where Mars might quake to tread ? LV. Ye who shall marvel when you hear her tale, Oh ! had you known her in her softer hour, Mark'd her black eye that mocks her coal-black veil, Heard her light lively tones in Lady's bower, Seen her long locks that foil the painter's power, Her fairy form, with more than female grace ! Scarce would you deem that Saragoza's tower Beheld her smile in Danger's Gorgon face, Thin the clos'd ranks, and lead in Glory's fearful. chase L LVI. Her lover sinks- she sheds no ill- tim'd tear; Her chief is slain-she fills L:. fatal post; Her fellows flee-she checks their base career; The foe retires-she heads the sallying host; Who can appease like her a lover's ghost ? Who.can avenge so well a leader's fall? What maid retr ieve when man's flush'd hope is lost ? W, WVho hang, so fiercely on the flying Gaul, Foil'd by a- woman's hand, before a batter'd wall ? LVII. Yet are Spain's maids a race of Amazons, But form'd for all the witching arts of love: Though thus in arms they emulate her sons,' And in the horrid phalanx dare to move, 'Tis but'the tender fierceness of the dove Pecking the hand that hovers o'er her mate ; .In softness as in firmness far above Remoter females, fam'd for sickening prate; Her mind is nobler sure, her charms perchance as great ! (To be Continued.) 