HOBART-TOWN, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1827. Seventeen months ago, when the Medway last sailed from Ho- bart-town, Mr. Walker of the Government Mill, shipped a quantity of wheaten flour, ground by him, the produce of Van Diemen's Land, as stores for Captain Wight. Two casks of it, not yet consumed, are now in the harbour, on board the vessel, and a sample may be seen in our office. It is as sweet and fresh as when newly ground, and perfectly free from all mustiness or attacks of in- sects, having resisted for nearly a year and a-half, the confined air and natural damp of the ship, every extreme of temperature ex- perienced in going round Cape Horn, in crossing the Equator twice, and in the London docks during the hot and cold season. Such a proof of the excellence and durable quality of the grain of this island, may be safely put forth as a challenge to the other parts of the Globe, and if duly appreciated, will be invaluable both to our- selves and our neighbours. If ever there was a time favourable for speculating in the export of this article, it is the present, when the low price at home will ensure a profit, in almost any market what- ever. The mercantile part of our community has never shown itself destitute of spirit, and we are certain will not betray the character it has acquired by any supineness on the present occasion. Water mills, cattle, and even windmills are now common in the island and a steam-mill is shortly expected. The wood of this island has proved itself well fitted for dry ware casks, and we would fain en- courage a hope that a regular and thriving trade will soon be es- tablished. Messrs. Buscombe & Brett, have obtained an allotment of ground for the purpose of building a commodious inn, in the township of Richmond, which will supply the want of convenience which tra- vellers there and the neighbourhood now so much experience. John Miller, a well-known offender, was fully committed on Thursday, for a highway robbery, and Julian Kearney, for a rob- bery from the person. Benjamin Chaters and John Jukes are in custody for examination, for having in their possession a number of harrow teeth, supposed to have been stolen. These cases were mainly brought to light by the exertions of Mr. Newman, the newly appointed Police officer from England, whom we consider a valua- ble acquisition to the colony. William Hopsell and Charles Probin who where the other day con- victed of illegally retailing spirits, were yesterday bound over to keep the peace towards William Peel, one of the witnesses who ap- peared on the part of the prosecution on the two informations. The Members of the Legislative Council are now in town, and met in consultation on Monday and Wednesday. We shall next week, we expect, have the pleasure to present our readers with some of the new acts. The cargo of the Persian, is we learn, nearly complete, and she will meet with more early dispatch than was at first expected. The applications for Publican's licenses which will be laid be- fore the Justices of the Peace for their decision on Tuesday, are we understand very numerous. We know few matters which de- mand more skill, judgment and impartiality than will be re- quired upon this occasion, and we earnestly call upon every magis- trate within the prescribed limits, to be at his post on that day. For ourselves we are favourable to a larger number of licensed houses, if they are required and kept by responsible and respec- table characters, rather than by circumscribing their numbers to leave the door open for illicit trafic & all its ruinous consequences. Very good imported butter may now be had in town for 2s. a pound, and in larger quantities, at a less price. This, we believe, is much cheaper than it can be produced even in the most favour- able situations, in the present stage of agricultural improvement in the island. A great deal indeed has of late been said in recom- mendation of dairies, by persons, who, by the very advice they gave, betrayed their total ignorance of the subject. The continued high price of milk and fresh butter in Hobart-town, shews the diffi- culty and great expense attending their production. For, men are not so blind to their own interest, as not long ago, if it were easily practicable to have found the means of well supplying the market. In a new colony, like this, many articles, even of common life, must continue for a length of time to be imported from a distance at a less expense than the infant state of things and especially of agri- culture will enable to be produced within ourselves. Neither the supply of provender nor the general breed of cattle at present in Van Diemen's land is suited to produce butter or cheese at a moderate rate. This, however, is no discouragement, but rather an induce- ment to the industrious farmer. For it arises from this, that the moment he has raised an acre of food fit for his milch cows, he can dispose of it at once, especially if he be near Hobart-town, at a much better and readier price, and finds it more to his advantage to do so than to undergo the more tedious and expensive process of manufacturing cheese or butter. He indeed, who has a few good milking cows and a farm in such a state of cultivation as to afford them, throughout the year, plenty of green food, may well be said to possess a small fortune. But the expense of establishing a dairy on a large scale is beyond the reach of most settlers in this colony. We appeal to those who have tried it, if every pound of butter and every cheese they have made, did not cost them dearer than they could have bought it. The native grass is not sufficiently succulent to afford much milk, and it is not until the farmer has ac- quired plenty of artificial food, numerous fertile enclosed fields, and a good English breed of cattle that he can expect to derive much profit from a dairy, and although we ought to keep that ob- ject in view, it is best to be obtained by gradual and steady means, not by a precipitate outlay, a miscalculation of fortuitous and ex- pensive circumstances, nor a listening to the blind, the cruel advice, of ignorant inexperienced town-bred dairymen. Perhaps the usual mode of obtaining milk in the early stages of settling is not known to these gentlemen. We will tell them. At peep of day two or three men go in quest of the cattle. After wan- dering an hour or two, their feet soaking wet with the morning dew, the herd is found, brought home, and driven into the stock- yard, in a corner of which the young calves had been shut up all night. One man then goes to the house for the pail and a small tin pot, while another fetches the catching rope and a long pole. After several attempts, much dexterity and the risk of being gored by the animal, he succeeds in getting the rope round her horns, while the other standing outside the yard, pulls with all his might until she is drawn up and fastened to one of the logs. The next thing is to get the foot rope fastened at the ancles, and this is done with considerably more difficulty than the other, for if you approach within reach of her hoof before it is tied, you are likely to receive a kick in the face as you stoop to fasten it, which will either flatten your nose or drive your fore teeth down your throat. The legs however being tied you may with tolerable safety ven- ture to approach and try to fill your pint pot. After drawing the teat for half an hour till your finger joints are ready to crack (for the mother gives the milk down with great reluctance while the calf is bleating in the corner of the yard) you have perhaps got a quart or two of milk. You may pursue the same process with two or three more, but whether your time and labour could be oc- cupied to better purpose on your farm, while your plough is lying idle in the furrow, your working bullocks gaping at you with a va- cant, idle stare, you yourself are best able to determine. Van Diemen's land is undoubtedly even at the present moment, a land of corn and oil, but some years must elapse before it overflows with milk and honey. Several rich veins of limestone have lately been discovered in different parts of the island, hitherto supplied with shell lime at considerable expense from Hobart-town. In the neighbourhood of Oatlands some excellent specimens have been found, near the Ma- quarie river and at Ellin Thorpe Hall, the residence of Mr. Clark. In selecting these specimens for use, the hardest stone generally proves the best and strongest. In general every stone, of whatever colour that will ferment with aqua fortis, will also burn into lime. The Mauritius is the only island in our eastern empire, cultiva- ted by slaves, which is put upon the same footing as the West In- dies with regard to duties ; the duty on importing East India sugar into England being 37s. a cwt. and on West India only 27s. The duty on coffee in like manner from the former is 84s. per cwt. and from the latter 56s. and on rum 20s. from the East Indies, while from the West it is only 8s. 6d. Some of the sea weed found at the mouth of the Derwent is 18 and 20 fathoms long. Dr. Prichard, in his researches into physical history, endeavours to prove that each particular species of plant, now upon the earth, was originally planted by Providence in a peculiar situation or centre of its own, and thence diffused to other parts of the globe. The plants belonging to natural families are placed in particular groups, where the genera and species comprised in each, are of the greatest number. Thus in New Holland these groups or centres of peculiar vegetation occur between the 33d and 35th degrees of South latitude; these points may, therefore be termed the two principal foci of Australian vegetation, each of them possessing cer- tain genera, which are almost peculiar to it. This hypothesises at variance with that of Linnæus, who supposed that all plants what- ever had their origin in one tract of the earth, and that they were thence gradually dispersed over the world. In small islands remote from continents, the species are very few and peculiar. Thus in Kerguelen's island there are but 16 species all unknown elsewhere, and in Easter island still fewer. Of 4200 species of plants found in New Holland, only 185 are known to exist in Europe. It is now clearly ascertained that the violet rays of the solar spectrum possess the power of magnetising needles. The indigo and blue rays have likewise the same property, though in a less de- gree, but the other colours have not the least effect. The present population of France is 30,319,444 souls, having increased 85,000 within the last six years. Among the relics lately found in the ruins of Pompeii, were four drinking glasses, containing olives, not only entire, but soft and juicy. A serious accident happened the other day in one of the whale boats employed at Slopen island. The harpoon being struck into a whale, the rope by some means got entangled round the leg of one of the boatmen, who was instantly pulled overboard, & dragged many fathoms under water by the sudden diving of the animal. His companions cut the rope and the unfortunate man emerged but with the loss of half his leg. James White and Joseph Baker, were last week discovered by Andrew Rhind, that active constable, offering a large number of files for sale, in a blacksmith's shop in town, which had been sent up from Maria island to be recut. White was sentenced 5 years to a penal settlement, and Baker 3 years. William Taylor was fully committed for trial for stealing three blankets in the dwelling house of James O'Brien, Humphrey's ri- vulet. Patrick Feagan, a boy 15 years of age, watched Mr. Wylde, the pastry-cook, Wellington bridge, from his shop, when he stole in and carried out the money till. A constable who had observed his motions found him in the act of taking out hands full of money from the box, which he had set down behind the shop ; he endea- voured to escape and after a hard chase he was caught clambering up the precipices behind the Hospital. - Committed for trial. Isaac Bond, apprehended this week, has been absent these ten months employing himself in the character of a free man with different settlers in the interior. He is the celebrated transformer of one dollar notes into fours. Charles Probin, at a notorious house in Goulburn-street, and Charles M'Queen in Barrack-street, were each fined before J. Thomas and T. A. Lascelles, Esqs. in the full penalty of £50. and costs, for selling spirits without a license. We learn that no less than from twenty to thirty informations are coming forward in the course of next week, of persons in Ho- bart-town, on a similar charge. In McQueen's case, James Walker, a private in the Veterans, employed as an overseer at the Barracks, and who was called as a witness for Probin, swore in direct contradiction to the prosecutor's witnesses, that he never had any spirits at McQueen's. He had, only the day before, admitted the fact to Mr. Stephen, thereby fully corroborating their testimony. On the succeeding day he was brought up to the Police-office, and he now stands fully committed for perjury. We trust this will operate as a warning to all those, who on similar occasions, are so ready to come forward and belie their consciences. The penalty appointed by law for such an of- fence is 7 years transportation, and it was but the other week, that Ellis was sent to Macquarie harbour convicted of this dreadful crime. On Wednesday, a man named Robert Waters, had the audacity, to carry off a very fine ham from the shop of Mr. Collins, Liver- pool-street. James Funchon, some time ago charged with sheep-stealing, was fully committed on Wednesday, before Mr. Gunning, the Acting Police Magistrate at Richmond, on a charge of stealing sheep from Mr. D. Lord. It was on the 17th of February that the attack of Lord Liver- pool came on. He had breakfasted alone in his library, and re- mained so long without ringing the bell, that the butler at last en- tered and found him stretched motionless and speechless on the floor, evidently fallen while opening a letter. Dr. Driver, his phy- sician, happened to call at the time, and Sir H. Halford, and Sir A. Cooper also attended. They bled his Lordship, and applied leeches to his head. His fit was both apoplectic and paralytic, and affected the whole of the right side. His long political career is now at an end. His father, the celebrated Charles Jenkinson, rose by perse- vering industry, from a humble origin to the Earldom, and he lived to see his son at the height of his ambition. From the assassination of Mr. Perceval, Lord Liverpool became First Minister and led in the upper House. In his speeches he was always persuasive, ready and fluent, and often impressive. Of his colleagues, Lord Harrowby may be said to have been the most efficient, while a host of talent opposed him, against which he stood, as it were alone, and fought the whole field. The Duke of Buckingham has a horse 36 years old, which tra- vels 70 miles a day with ease, and trots 16 miles an hour. His birth is coeval with that of the Rev. Mr. Knopwood's pony, a most faithful animal a native of Timor, which lately swam across the Derwent, a distance of two miles to its home rather than spend a night at Kangaroo point, in the absence of its master. There are poor Turks in Constantinople, says Dr. Clarke, whose business it is to wash the mud of the common sewers of the city, and the sand of the same. These people found a small onyx, with an antique intaglio, of most exquisite workmanship, representing Æneas flying from the city, leading his boy by the hand, and bear- ing on his shoulders (whom do you suppose ?) not his father ; for in that case the subject might have been borrowed from Virgil or Ovid, but his wife, with the Penates in her lap ; and so wonder- fully wrought, that these three figures are brought into a gem of the smallest size, and wings are added to the feet of Æneas to express by symbols the most explicit, the nature of the story and the situa- tion of the hero. Thus it is proved, that a tradition (founded nei- ther on the works of Homer nor the Greek historiaus ; and perhaps unknown to Virgil and the Roman poets, who always borrowed their stories from such records as were afforded by the works of ancient artists) existed among the ancients in the remotest periods, respecting the war of Troy. A new theatre is building in London, to be called the Brunswick theatre. It is situated in Goodman's fields, on the spot where Gar- rick first appeared. The inhabitants of Sydney are also about to build a theatre. Most of the tribes of animals which existed before the flood, Dr. Prichard thinks were destroyed by it, while those which now people the earth have been created since. After the deluge, when new regions emerged from the ocean, it is probable that they were supplied with organised inhabitants suited to the soil and climate of each. It is true that Scripture is silent with regard to such facts, but it is not to be presumed that the sacred books contain a narra- tive of all that it has pleased Divine Providence to effect in the physical creation, but only of the dispensations to mankind and of the facts with which mankind is concerned. Dr. Prichard has come to the conclusion that all the varieties of of the human species, now existing, spring from one original race, but he has as yet left the complexion of the first man a point un- determined. The regularity with which the Mail is now despatched and the messengers perform their journeys between Hobart-town and Laun- ceston, gives much satisfaction to the public. We have, neverthe- less, to complain occasionally of the irregular delivery of our Jour- nal, to obviate which, (seeing we are particularly careful at the publication of each number), we trust this hint will be sufficient. While we are on this subject, we cannot avoid pointing out to the Government, the necessity which exists and the hope we entertain that the Post-office establishment to Swan port and Maria island may be speedily put on that respectable footing which the growing im- portance of these settlements so much demands. If one messenger is not enough to go and return in the course of the week, two ought assuredly to be appointed. The communication at present is much too precarious. Oysters and crawfish are now in high perfection and plentiful in Hobart-town. The public are however, cautioned against two fellows who go about after dark selling, what they call fresh New-town oys- ters, but which, on being opened are found to be stale and unfit for use. These sharks on being asked to open one, have always a few good ones, ready to deceive the public. They are sold at two shil- lings and six pence a hundred. In making a road up a long rise or acclivity, it is better where it can be done, to make the rises rather steep at certain parts, and the others long and level, so that the horses or oxen may alter- nately labour and rest, and be able to pull a greater load with less actual fatigue than if they had a continued unceasing pull. In a hilly country like Van Diemen's land this idea ought by no means to be lost sight of. It is with great pleasure we observe the magistrates alive to their duty, and that several offenders against the peace of the colony have lately been discovered. They may be assured that by shew- ing that energy for a time which will duly entitle them to the name of Justices of the peace, they will render their future duties com- paratively light and will ensure to themselves and the community at large, that safety of property that tranquillity of mind resulting from a well regulated society, which mainly confer the comforts of life, and enhance its enjoyments, and which it belongs peculiarly to them, as the organs of the law, to establish and confirm. With regard to the harbourers of runaway prisoners, settlers can- not be too careful of hiring those who present themselves without proper proof of their freedom. As the matter now stands nothing is more easy than to deceive a person about to hire a servant calling himself a free man. The ticket of leave man, or he who has ob- tained a certificate of freedom can immediately produce a docu- ment setting all doubts at rest, but the man who came free to this colony is in a worse situation ; he has nothing to shew, and if he happen to appear in a humble or labouring garb, he is very likely to be insulted and set down as an impostor. It was for this reason, that we some time ago gave it as our opinion that Government should grant (at least to those who wish it) a document declaratory of the identity of the holder and of his rights and privileges as a settler in the colony, which he might produce when occasion might require. Such a credential (call it passport or any other name) would secure the owner from unmerited insult, or as has often al- ready happened, from being placed in custody by ignorant constables. On Tuesday the 8th instant, Mr. Thomas Barrell of the Upper Clyde was convicted before Captain Clark and Lieutenant Curten, the Magistrates, upon two informations and fined in the penalty of £50 upon each, for selling spirits without a license. Lately a person named Morgan, a timber splitter, near the Mac- quarie river, was convicted before the Magistrates for Cornwall, Messrs. Willis and Sutherland, of harbouring and employing a prisoner of the Crown illegally at large, and fined in the mitigated penalty of 30 dollars. A meeting, we learn, of the licensed victuallers of Hobart-town was last week held at the King George Inn, Liverpool-st. when it was resolved to submit a memorial to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, representing the injury they and the public sustained from the number of persons unlawfully selling spirits, and to sub- scribe a fund to be employed in aid of bringing such offenders to justice. We hail the disposition displayed upon this occasion with real satisfaction, and most sincerely wish, the measure every success. While we would willingly contribute to the refreshment, the comforts and the enjoyments of those who find it convenient to visit the public inns, licensed, sanctioned and regulated as they are by the law, we would denounce in the most severe terms, the wick- edness of those, who evading right and justice, and selling the same, privileged articles, hold forth to their decoyed victims, the addition- al inducements of gambling, revel and vicious dissipation at all hours. Such men are the hornets of society, unwilling to work themselves, or to use any means of getting an honest subsistence, they live by nourishing the vices and inciting the crimes of others. — Society for the encouragement of Public nuisances - Yesterday, the members of this society held their anniversary meeting at the Great Bore, in St. Giles's, when a very noisy company sat down to dinner. The president, a well known receiver of stolen goods, was in the chair, and in a very elevated speech lamented in moving and fal- tering terms, the unpropitious state of the society and the very serious blows which it had received since last anniversary, from the repeated attacks of its avowed enemies, of whom the Editor of this Journal was voted to be one of the greatest. The usual toasts were drank with great applause, in full bumpers of neat, viz; - rum, the grog system, fifty per cent, smut in wheat, receivers of stolen goods, dogs in town and devils & native cats in the country - holes in the roads and broken down bridges - runaways and harbourers of runaways, and several others. The company did not separate till a late hour, when several of the members burned themselves to death, and the rest were put in the watch-house. Dr. Scott has received by the Medway, a very important addi- tion to his valuable library of the best and most approved physical and surgical publications from the house of Cowie, Low and Co, the booksellers in the Poultry. The plates of anatomy, upwards of 100), by Mr. Lizars of Edinburgh, are among the most excel- lent of their kind. Such an acquisition of books, particularly on the important subject of health, in this remote land, we consider a public benefit. Late experiments have clearly ascertained that it is much more profitable to feed hogs, or even milking cows with mixtures in which the vinous fermentation has commenced than with the same materials unmixed and raw. M. Chabert of the Veterinary school at Alfort, has a number of cows which field 12 gallons of milk each day, and which are chiefly fed upon a fermented mixture of bruised potatoes, bran and a little yeast. Most of the furniture and plate of the late Duke of York has been sold by auction. There were three tons of plate of the most costly description. The consumption of wheat in Great Britain yearly, is estimated at 100 millions of bushels, and about three times that quantity of other grain. The importations last year were considerably more than the average, and yet they did not amount to one twenty-se- cond part of this quantity. Corn can be raised abroad cheaper than in England, and goods can be manufactured better in England than in any other part of the world. The more the interchange therefore of these is promoted, the greater will be the prosperity of each. One of the most entertaining books, which have been published , for some time, is the life and remains of Dr. Daniel Clarke, the late celebrated traveller and professor of mineralogy at Cambridge. In a letter to his mother, he gives the following lively description of the city of Moscow. "I want to conduct you with me to the gates of the town, and thence through the streets. You see its numerous spires, glittering with gold, amidst domes and painted palaces, in an open plain for several versts before you reach it. Having passed the gates, you look about, and wonder what is become of the town, or where you are, and are ready to ask "when shall we get to Moscow ?" They will tell you, 'this is Moscow !' and you see nothing but wide and scattered suburbs, huts and pig-sties, and brick walls and churches, and dunghills and timber yards, and warehouses, and the refuse of materials sufficient to supply an em- pire with miserable towns and miserable villages. One might ima- gine that every town of Europe and Asia had sent a building by way of representative to Moscow. You see deputies from all countries holding congress. Timber huts from the north of the gulf of Bothnia, plastered palaces from Stockholm and Copenha- gen, (not white-washed since their arrival), painted walls from Ti- rol, mosques from Constantinople, Tartar temples, pagodas and pa- vilions from Pekin, cabarets from Spain, dungeons, prisons and public offices from France, ruins and fragments of architecture from Rome, terraces from Naples, and warehouses from Wap- ping. "Then you hear accounts of its immense population, and wan- der through deserted streets. Passing suddenly towards the quar- ter where the shops are situated, you would think you could walk upon the heads of thousands. The daily throng is there so im- mense, that unable to squeeze a passage through it, you ask, 'what has convened such a multitude ?' and are told, 'it is always so !' such a variety of dressed - Greeks, Turks, Tartars, Cossacks, Mus- covites, English, French, Italians, Germans, Poles, &c.; "We are in a Russian inn. The next room to ours is filled by the ambassadors from Persia. Beyond these lodge a party of Kirghicians, a people yet unknown. Beyond those a party of Bucharians, and all of them are ambassadors, sent from the respec- tive districts to treat of commerce, peace and war, at Petersburgh. The Kirghicians and Bucharians I keep at arm's length, but our good old friend the Persian visits us, and we visit him. His name is Orazai, and I am so great a favourite with him, that he admits me to be present at his devotions, and I see him stand for hours on a carpet, with his face to Mecca, in silent meditation. It is then he says he holds converse with Mahomet. Yesterday he gave me a pair of Persian slippers as a memorial ; and I gave him a knife to shave his head with. "We went at night to the Cathedral to be present at the resur- rection, and at the delivery of the important words by the Arch- bishop, the signal is given for eating flesh, feasting, drinking, and dancing. To be drunk the whole of Easter week in as much a re- ligious observance, as to abstain from flesh in Lent ; and the Rus- sians are very punctual in religious observances." M. Thibaut, a Frenchman, has obtained a patent for hats, form- ed of laces of starched cotton, sewed together like straw plat. They are very fashionable in Paris, and from their cheapness are likely to come into very general use. The expense of printing and stationery for Parliament during the present year is estimated at £183,490. Mr. Maw of Aldermanbury has materially improved the stomach pump, by furnishing the syringe with a cock of two apertures, by which the whole operation may be completed without once moving the instrument. Though only lately introduced into practice, the merit of inventing this valuable engine belongs to the great Boer- have 150 years ago. The French Secretary of State in his official documents published in the Moniteur at Paris, respecting Mr. Dillon's expected disco- veries of La Perouse, says he is a Frenchman born at Martinique, of the family of Dillon. After this we may expect Prince Brian Boru and his Excellency Morgan M'Murragh to be regularly dubbed natives of Notre Dame, & entitled to a niche in the Tuil- leries. Mr. Foster is appointed Solicitor General at Sydney in the room of the late Mr. Holland. The brig John Dunn, John Hicks, commander, is chartered for the Isle of France. General Darling has offered a reward to any person who will discover a shorter and better road to Bathurst from Sydney than the present one. Had the Van Diemen's land Company exercised that spirit and liberality, which were reasonably to be expected at their hands, they also would long ago have offered a handsome re- ward for the discovery of a good road from Hobart-town to Cape Grim. — Some interesting observations were made in the course of the late lectures on Astronomy at the Mechanics' Institution, re- garding the degree of light and heat as dispensed by the sun to the different planets, according to their distances. It is however a very general opinion and one to which we are inclined to subscribe, that the rays do not proceed directly from the sun, but that that luminary is merely the instrument which renders light and heat sen- sible, under peculiar modifications, to the inhabitants of the pla- nets ; and this idea seems peculiarly to agree with that sublime pas- sage of scripture, "and God said let there be light, and there was light " that is, let light be made sensible to man. Although the scenes of drunkenness formerly so prevalent are decreasing, we have still to lament its daily ravages. More in- deed than half the misery of the colony is occasioned by the de- praved and unnatural love of drink. That which was sent us by Providence as a medicine, or to be enjoyed in moderation, thus becomes a curse. It is but lately that a man named Shepherd, a prisoner employed on board the brig Cyprus, returning to the ship in a state of intoxication, fell from the boat and was drowned in the harbour, and about the same time a young man, otherwise of good character, died in the hospital in consequence of being burned in his bed after returning home so drunk as to neglect his candle which set fire to it. Last week Mary Wilcock, aged 64, originally from Norfolk island, was burned to death it is believed from a similar cause. — MRS. STUBBS AT HOME. Mrs. Stubbs a rich widow, some three nights ago, Gave a splendid at home to her friends in the row ; A few stars from the West came to shine at her feast, Together with all the wise men of the East — Oh, the flower of each sex, from Cheapside to Rag-fair ; Assembled by wholesale in Salisbury-square, From eight until ten to this vanity mart, Rolled on the loud thunders of carriage and cart ; Mr. Dobbs came on foot, Mr. Foote upon horse. And the two Misses Strutt in a carriage of course ; While Higgins and Wiggins, an exquisite pair, Dashed up in a buggy to Salisbury-square. The party assembled, confusion begins, "Excuse me, good sir, but you are breaking my shins," "So poor Jenny Dawson has lost her mamma," "There is Billy, good gracious how like his papa." "Is this here, Mrs. Stubbs, madam !" "No, sir, that ere To the right is our good lady of Salisbury-square." But hark ! the clock strikes, and like sheep to the fold, Down rush to their supper, the young and the old, Mrs. Stubbs led the way, followed close by Miss Poole, Hanging tight on the arm of Sir Phelim O'Toole, Who whispered soft vows in her ear, till you'd swear He was Cupid transplanted to Salisbury-square. How swift from the dish flew each turkey away ! How faded each tart, like a ghost from the fray ; One moment in beauty an apple pie shone ; The next, both the pie and the apples were gone ; Fowl, cutlet and custard all vanished in air — So much for the magic of Salisbury-square. The supper concluded Sir Phelim O'Toole, Quitting, faithless apostate, the side of Miss Poole, Sidled up to his hostess, and looking her thro,' With his only black eye that did business for two, Heaved sighs from a heart that seemed broken by care - What a sigh for the widow of Salisbury-square ! Surprised she looked up as he slowly drew nigh, And caught the fond glance of his jolly black eye. She strove hard to blush, but her cheek was o'erspread With a yellow suffusion in lieu of a red ; Yet spite of this failure she cried with a stare, "Welcome Sir Phelim to Salisbury-square." Then she drank to his health till the party broke up, With a drop in her eye like the drop in her cup, And ere the next sun gilt the church of St. Bride, The newspaper columns announced far and wide, That Sir Phelim O'Toole from the town of Clantaire Had espoused the rich widow of Salisbury-square. 