An Act has been passed by our Legislative Council, imposing a Duty of four pence sterling — OF FOUR PENCE STERLING — OF FOUR PENCE STERLING on all New- papers published in this Colony ! We are astounded — the public are astounded — we know not how to view this Act of the Legislature. It is an Act to which we cannot give a name — it has no parallel, it has no likeness — we feel with- in ourselves that it is the Act of a human being — of a rational creature — of one possessed of reason — of the reason of man — of one of God Almighty's creation, imbued with mental faculties, and bearing the image of himself— of that mortal whom God of Heaven has honored by making him to walk erect like himself, but we cannot call it an Act of Wisdom. We look at the Act in Council and we reflect — we reflect and we look at the Act in Council — we exclaim MONSTROUS— the people parade up and down the streets, meet in groups and cry MONSTROUS ! We know that it is not the emanation of —— no— we know that it is promulgated by Authority, by the Governor and Council, and we know that they are MEN. But the people — the people are horror struck — they dread the consequences — they justly regard this Act as the precursor of other and of worse Acts— they look to the ages of political phenomina for a pattern — to see if they cannot assimilate this Act — this Act in Council, to some act of the favorites or the enemies of mankind, either in ancient or modern times. In vain they look for its proto- type — in vain they search the records of history for some spe- cimen of legislation, some public deed to which they can say this bears a resemblance. Rome, France, America— all fail them in their researches. To us again we say this Act in Council is "passing strange," we see it promulgated through an authentic channel, yet our mind doubts its authenticity --- we read, yet our eyes, we think deceive us. We know it pro- ceeds from the Governor and Legislative Council, of the Coun- cil, otherwise we should endeavour, if there were the least hold to hang such an opinion on, to, deem it the sportive sally of a cheat or buffoon --- and persuade ourselves that some miserable maniac had escaped from bedlam, and palmed the Act upon the Government Printer; we would do this if we could thus delude our senses, or by the delusion blot the Act out of the Statute Book of the Colony. Port Dalrymple, was once visited by a mad Marshal, Mac somebody or other, he there met a Commandant as mad as him - self --- their mad freaks were becoming serious --- they, instead of gagging the people, were going to hang them at once --- it hap- pened that a lieutenant was sober and sane, and able to collect those of the rank and file men, who had neither partaken of madness nor of gin--- he rescued the victims from the gripe of the rabid Marshal and his rabid colleague, the Commandant. God of Heaven forgive us for the fib, if on reading the Act in Council this very incident did not start up in spectral array, and flit across our mind. There was no connection between this occurrence and the Act --- no reason for this strange association of facts --- but a momentary emotion pos- sessed us, and we seemed to wish, for the sake of the people, for the sake of the Authorities, and in the fulness of our respect for the Governor and Legislative Council, that the Act would prove spurious, that its parentage was not owing to them, that it could be traced to some mad Marshal and mad Commandant. Was it possible that the Authorities of the land had been counterfeited ? no, no, it could not be, if any such tricks as these had been played, they must have heard of it --- the Authorities must have heard the tidings. If a mock Go- vernor, and a mock Council, and a mock Clerk, if all these stark staring mad had met , and had indulged in a Legislative freak, it must have reached the ears of the Authorities! No, no, this was an instantaneous impulse of our mind;---an im- pulse originating in wonder, surprise, and respect for the Constituted Authorities --- it was a vain thought in which, for a moment we luxuriated, and which, in a moment vanished --- vanished on a second reading. Our mind could not understand that the Governor and the Legislative Council would persuade themselves that the Act in Council imposing a Stamp Duty of FOURPENCE on Newspapers published in this poor in- significant Colony, was either necessary or legal, and we- wished to believe, from an idea it might appear the effort of a sinking man --- the offspring of some unseen, but not unfelt terror, that it had not been promulgated at the in- stance of the "Collective Wisdom" of this Colony. A feeble intellect might have likened this Act to the act of a coward, who rushes blindfold into a phalanx of bayonets, be- cause he fears to face death --- of the untaught savage who defends himself from harm by grasping with both hands the drawn sword of his assailant --- of the fool who rouses the sleeping lion, that he may escape unhurt --- unharmed, or of the victim who trembles at the fascinations of the serpent, and when lifting his powerless arm to smite the glistening monster, finds himself encircled in its coils, and suffocated with its gripe. But we could not reason after this fashion, for our Governor and our Council are not of this stamp --- they shrink not, nor yet fear the consequences of an Act, though this to less than ordinary understandings may seem to bear all the symptoms of desperation, and to betray rather the convulsive agony of a being haunted with horrors, than the wise and placid Act of a deliberative Body of calm and dispassionate men ! No doubt our Legislators went coolly to work --- no doubt they deliberated and discussed, and argued and rea- soned, and dwelt upon the effect of the Resolutions they were adopting --- no doubt they persuaded themselves that they acted justly, equitably, sensibly, reasonably, and le- gally --- no doubt they considered that they were strengthening the Constituted Authorities, protecting the Government from animadversions, and giving in a lawful manner a quietus to public writers, and if we concede to them the probability of their having legislated under these feelings and with these motives, they must forgive us, if in our ignorance, and from want of penetration, we can discover nothing but what the people discover, nothing but deformity in their Act, nothing but injustice in its provisions, nothing which is in consonance with the mild spirit of the English Laws, nothing which a British born subject can find in unison with the spirit of British legislation. The Council of this Colony are a substi- tute for a National Assembly, a House of Representatives ; and they are bound by honor, by conscience, and by the sacred obligation of an oath to legislate here as a British Parliament does in England, and as a Legislative Assembly would legis- late here. This then we put to them, and may God in his infinite mercy and goodness to us poor Colonists, SHEET IT HOME to their HEARTS ! Would BRITONS and men glorying in having BRITISH BLOOD IN THEIR VEINS, in na- tional conclave assembled --- called together by the people, elected by the people --- by their voice and constituted the people's Representatives, would THEY have passed the Act in Council Number three! Would the first Act of Taxation by such an assembly have been a tax upon THREE people, and three people only in the State ? Would a Colonial House of Commons or any House of Commons have taxed the mind --- have taxed learning, have taxed the understanding --- have taxed information --- would they have stamped their own character by a tax on knowledge, and a grievous and oppressive stamp on News- papers --- the only literary productions of the Colony --- the only source of information in the Colony, and within the reach of the people? Would a British Senate have insulted their Constituents, or held themselves up to popular animad- version, by an Enactment which virtually declared they feared the tide of public opinion, dreaded the progress of reason, and dared not allow free circulation to comments on their conduct? Would a Colonial Assembly have passed an Act which has justly incensed the people, from the highest to lowest ? Men are to be taxed out of necessity, not wantonly--- not out of sport --- not for caprice, not to gratify spleen, re- sentment, nor to crush the people --- they are to be taxed to meet the demands of State ! We say not what moved the Colonial Legislature to impose this tax of four- pence, but we insist that men are to be taxed ONLY to meet the de- mands of State! And is there an honest man in the Co- lony, who dares say it out of Council --- he may say it in if he please, and if he can reconcile the assertion with his oath --- who dares allege that FOUR PENCE duty on every Newspaper published in the Colony, is a tax of necessity, is not a tax imposed to crush the Publishers of Newspapers ! Who will hold that the people of England would have en- dured any tax on Newspapers, or that their Representatives in Parliament would have supported the Chancellor of the Exchequer, when he first proposed a small tax upon News- papers, had not the nation felt that it was a legitimate tax, and justified on the plea of necessity ? In England every thing was taxed before Newspapers were taxed. There were assessed taxes, income taxes, land taxes; taxes direct and indirect, all in being before the Newspaper tax was dreamt of. This was one of the last, if not the last tax levied on the people ; here it is absolutely the first tax imposed by virtue of Authority in the Colony ; and who in England are Newspaper Proprietors ? Why, they are a numerous and a wealthy class --- obtaining by means of a reading public enor- mous circulation for, and large profits on their Newspapers --- what are they here --- THREE PERSONS ; --- a fourth is ruined by the Act in Council, obliged to discontinue the publication of his Newspaper ;--- he retired to rest, dreaming on the hopes of realising a competency by honorable and [?] industry, and next morning awoke a beggar !--- made a beggar of, de- prived of his last resource!--- he wrote for bread --- he has been deprived of this by a solemn Act of the Legislature. --- he went to bed happy --- arose destitute ! ! ! And to make the satisfaction, if satisfaction it be of those who have ruined him, the more complete ---HE IS AN OLD MAN --- OVER[?] with MISFORTUNE --- YEARS AND GREY HAIRS. He has been our enemy ; but from our soul we sympathize in his suffer- ings, and compassionate his fate ! He is ruined ! ! ! Here there are three Newspaper Proprietors --- for these the Act was made, and out of the profits of their literary industry are they called upon to pay a tax which, according to existing circulation of the Newpapers, will amount to three thou- sand pounds --- a sum paltry in amount --- yet iniquitously grievous. In England the tax amounted to more than a million --- a sum enormously large --- yet pressing lightly on those who had to pay it, and was appropriated to the fund, for carrying on a long and ruinous war --- a war which had exhausted the treasury, put to the test all the resources of England, but which did ultimately bring the safisfaction which the glory of national success confers on the people. Here Newspapers are taxed to pay, as we are told, the va- peuses of the Government printing --- the expenses of printing Acts in Council, Proclamations, Government Orders, Notices, &c.; the expense of printing those identical documents which may prove the ruin of the Colony ; and alas! the glory we have, the glory the Colony has, is the glory which a man experiences on signing his own death warrant, or being made to pay for the rope which is to hang him ! We are told that it is expedient to impose a stamp duty of four-pence on every Newspaper published in this Colony. It is deliberately put forth in the introductory clause of the Act, that this duty is expedient, because a fund for defraying the charge of printing is wanted! Is this the way, most noble Romans, that ye legislate? Are ye the sages who kill the goose to get the golden eggs ? Is this your wisdom, that you repress the Newspapers, in order to derive a fund from the circulation of them ? Are THREE persons better able than Government to pay the expenses of printing ? Is the Government come to that miserable pass that they are obliged to depend on the mind and industry of three persons ? Do you believe that it is expedient to impose a four-penny stamp duty on Newspapers, to create a revenue? or have you deliberately put on record that which we will not desig- nate — you cannot have deliberately pledgedyjour honor, your conscience, and your oath, to that which your head and understanding will not sanction ; WE have too much re- spect for you to encourage the opinion that you would wil- fully or wantonly record what you did not believe; or as- sign one reason, for the pasing of an Act in Council, while you knew that you were solely influenced by another and different reason ! No no, the truth is, the Government are obliged to become dependent on THREE of the King's subjects --- put their hands in our pockets to make the wheels of State go round. What a confession ! Would the House of Commons, if legislating for this Co- lony, have imposed such a tax as FOUR PENCE sterling on each and every Newspaper printed in the Colony ? would they have applied the grindstone of taxation to suffocate the liberty of writing ; and, under an assertion that it was expe- dient to provide a fund to print their orders, ordinances, &c.; extinguish the Press ? Ministers, in the most corrupt of times, and during the most burthensome of wars, never carried taxa- tion to this pitch in the opulent country of England, among the reading public of England, and to the discomfi- ture of the distinguished editors of England ; and is it likely that the House of Commons, had they assumed the right of taxing us, would have oppressed us with this grievous stamp duty? The stamp duty on ENGLISH Newspapers NEVER amounted to FOUR-PENCE ! The duty was paid in advance, as it is required to be done here, but TWENTY PER CENT. DISCOUNT was allowed. The stamp in reality did not amount to three-pence farthing ! And what in Ireland ? not two-pence ! The stamp duty in Ireland, WITHOUT the de- duction of twenty-per cent., does not amount to TWO-PENCE ! according to the common principle of taxation — the impost was proportioned to the resources of the people, and laid on not with the design of extinguishing the light of truth –not to goad Editors to write libels, but to raise a fund for helping to clear the outgoings and serious expenses of a protracted war. These expenses are not now required ; and in the foremost of reduced taxes is the English Newspaper tax --- in order that Newspapers and intelligence may the more freely be disseminated. Is there a British Colony where a Governor or a Go- vernor in Council have had the imprudence and temerity to annoy the subjects of England by a tax on Newspapers of FOUR-PENCE each ? Even in those colonies which des- potism almost claims as her own ; where Nero-Governors with pliant councils wallow in all the luxury of al- most absolute dominion, the authorities have never ven- tured upon this extreme step ! and why then is the free Country of New South Wales to be '' the stricken deer ?" why are Englislmen who resort to New South Wales to be taxed worse than Dutch and Spanish, and debased French colonies ? Why are we to bear impositions which could not be exercised at the Cape of Good Hope ? There, a stamp duty of a halfpenny, or a penny has been laid on Newspapers ; and at this even, the welkin has rung and rung again, with cla- mour and complaint— there, if any where it could be thought legal, a tax which violates our rights, would have been in- flicted; and what physical force could not accomplish, what muskets and fixed bayonets could not effect, would have been quietly attained by an Act in Council --- by an Act in Coun- cil setting out that it was expedient that THREE PERSONS should pay out of their own pockets, their own resources, the expense of printing the Government Documents ! But they knew better at the Cape — they knew that an Act in Council, imposing a duty of four-pence on Newspapers, is and must be " repugnant to the laws of England." The Act of Lord Charles Somerset, when he besieged the Printing-house of Mr. Greig, was constitutional — the battle of Sir P. D'Urban with the devils and the types of the Printer of Demarara, was manly and soldier-like --- yes, constitutional, reasonable and praiseworthy, in comparison with the very extreme step which strips under the covert of a legal instru- ment, the public of a vehicle of intelligence, and insidiously undermines the power of the Press. If there were Spies abroad on Friday morning, they would bear the tidings to Head- quarters of the confusion and torment and distrust which per- suaded the public mind as soon as the Act in Council was an- nounced. The sensation created by the application of illegal chains, to two unfortunate soldiers, and by the subsequent death of one of the soldiers, was strong and lasting --- yet in comparison with the commotion betrayed on all sides, in all societies, in every house, in every street, when the legisla- tive attack upon the Press became known --- that sensation was phlegmatic dullness. Murderers may start at the ghost of a murdered victim, but their disquiet of mind will never equal the perturbation of the people at this inroad on our common liberties. In mercy to England, we hope never to live to see the like, or occasion for the like, perturbation. The Authorities have published denunciations against those who write or publish any Newspaper tending to bring them into " hatred and contempt." If we were to infuse into our daily comments, for twenty years, all the asperity, bit- terness and vituperative insinuations which man is capable of employing --- if we were incessantly to appeal to all the bad passions of the bad people in the Colony, we should fail to write with half the efficiency imputable to this Act in Coun- cil imposing this duty of four-pence on Newspapers --- we should fail to produce half the pernicious influence it has had on all ranks. Anxious to preserve themselves from "hatred and con- tempt," Legislative Authorities seem to us not always to reflect that the public acts of the Authorities in the British Colonies may bring the Mother Country into bad odour ; and that it is possible to transfer the "hatred and contempt" of the people from themselves to England. England owed to herself her schism and rupture with America. It was not the Government of the Colony, but the Government of England which severed the offspring from the parent. But here it is the Act of the Colonial Authorities which tends to prejudice England in our estimation. The people of the Co- lony have begun with their comparisons. "It is worse," say they, ''than the tea tax." " This is more than America had to endure." It will be well if these feelings do not spread far and wide --- it will be well if Act do not follow Act, 'till the people can bear Acts no longer --- it will be well if they be not driven to court the protection of a hostile power. --- God forbid that this should happen in our time ! The people are loyal to the "back bone ;" and this is England's safeguard. The Governor has christened them the most loyal Colony under the sun. He has seen the passive obedience of conquered Frenchmen ; but till he arrived in this Colony, he never wit- nessed sush a glorious sight as presented itself to his senses on the day of his landing. We have his own evidence that we are loyal --- even the poor prisoners are loyal --- the ragged P. B. wretches could not forget their King and their Country --- could not withstand the impulse which even a degraded Englishman feels --- even they, could not help exclaiming " God save the King" --- "God bless the Governor !" When his Government terminates, we shall be satisfied if he leave the Colony as loyal as he found it ; we love our Country; for we yet are Englishmen ; and we pray to God that no disastrous change may be worked during the short span of months General Darling is destined to remain here --- we pray to God that the diadem of our English King may lose none of its brilliancy, by the abstraction of one of its brightest gems ; and we conjure our Readers and the people, aggrieved as they may be by the oppressive Act which has excited our and their wrath to abate for that no atom of respect for the public Authorities of this Colony --- we call upon them to remonstrate --- to look steadily forward to the day of retri- bution, distant as that may be --- but to remonstrate constitu- tionally. The law has bean mistaken by our Governor and Council --- they have legislated perhaps precipitately and im- prudently, let not the people meet injury by violence, or sacri- fice by haste and rashness their claims --- to be heard at the foot of the British throne. The lawful Authorities are en- titled to (while they continue the lawful authorities) and must claim our respectful submission ; and the people, know- ing that they are English or of English blood and conscious of their rights, will never long be injured with impunity --- an Englishman allows no man "to spit in his face" — will not be trodden down and trampled on while he can calmly ap- peal to the Constitutional laws of his Country; and when Constituted Authorities offend, he still looks to the same quarter for redress. The sacred fane of liberty may be violated --- the people may be harassed, oppressed, insulted and contemned, yet England is just and generous ; England and the English Parliament will hear the prayer of the people, even of this Colony ! Let them then endure their grievances as patiently as they can till an appeal can be made to the Head-quarters of Justice ! Let them assemble and petition ! A "Seditious Meeting Bill" has not been passed, to prohibit the calling to- gether of the people, or to render unlawful a lawful assembly. The privilege of writing is restrained, but the privilege of speaking is still uncontrolled ; and while they yet possess the latter, let them firmly and lawfully pursue the means of of re-possessing themselves of the former. We know something of the Constitutional laws of the land which gave us birth --- we know something of the municipal laws of England ---we know something of the spirit which should guide Legislators in their difficult undertaking, in the task of making laws ; and in our humble opinion, the Act in Council is neither just, lawful, equitable, reasonable, nor praiseworthy. It is not consonant to the laws of England. Who then are they who have passed and promulgated this Act, which does violence to public feeling, which has created perturbation and discontent throughout the Colony?--- what splendid names have we to hand down to posterity --- to en- grave, frame and glaze, and hang up in our parlours, our studies, our sancta sanctorum, as the names of men who strangled . . . no --- no --- they did not strangle the Press --- it savours only of an attempt ; --- WE are here --- and while we have health --- life and nerve, a fourpenny stamp will not gag us --- Lead may settle, us, but a fourpenny stamp will not --- a prison will not ---banishment will not. In England we can yet command the use of a Press, and thither, if the "worst comes to the worst, we will transfer our labours for the sake of the Colony. But who are the Legislators who have created a stamp duty of four pence on Newspapers printed and circulated in Botany Bay --- " their names, des- criptions additions ?" We have set forth our " name, des- criptions and addition," and for the benefit of Society, we will do the like by our Legislators. They cannot condemn us for this. If they merit HONOR for their "Act", HONOR they will receive from those who can approve of their measure. If they merit reproof and censure, if people think they have le- gislated unwisely --- they will be esteemed or estimated accord- ingly. Premising that some of the members of the Council owe much to the Press --- premising that by the independent effortsr of the Press, they have been shielded when they needed shelter --- they have been rescued from the deadly fangs of a faction, who had vowed their ruin, and owe as much to the Press, aye, as much as our respected Governor, Sir Thomas Brisbane owes to it ; we proceed to our de- lineations ; --- First, there is his Excellency Lieutenant General Ralph Darling, Captain General and Governor in Chief, and Vice Admiral, &c.; &c.; Then, there are the following who are Honorables, by virtue of their office :--- Colonel Stewart, Lieutenant Governor and Legislator. Francis Forbes, Esquire, Chief Justice, Legislator and Executor of the laws. Alexander M'Leay, Esquire, Colonial Secretary, Legislator and Executor of the laws. The Venerable Thomas Hobbes Scott, Legislator and Ex- ecutor of the laws, shareholder in the Australian Agricultural Company, and Archdeacon. Robert Campbell, Esquire, Legislator and merchant. John Macarthur, Esquire, Legislator and Grazier. Charles Throsby, Esquire, Legislator and Grazier. Thesc are our Solon's, our Lycurgus's, our Senators, our Legislators — these are the men who have passed an ACT which annihilates the freedom of the British Press in a Bri- tish Colony — these are the men who have stuck to that ACT from its initiation and certification to its final adoption. They will live in SONG and in STORY — after ages will recognise the — they will be found among the Archives of the Colony — they will be celebrated us they merit — all we wish in re- gard to them is, if they have the misfortune to leave chil- dren behind them — children who must adopt this Colony for their Country, and call it the land of their Sires — "that the ACT of the fathers never be visited upon the children.''— THESE ARE OUR IMPRECATIONS — OUR CURSES ! Captain Rossi has vacated the Chair at the Police Office, and relinquished the duties of Superintendent of Police. He is provided with a better birth, and takes an appointment in the Customs, with a salary of eight hundred a year. These Custom-house regu- lations and these taxes, will prove acceptable things to the governent. Plenty of patronage now. Plen- ty of filling old shoes and new shoes. The Press down, and salaries up — the deuce is in it if our Rulers cannot take a lease of the government, with all its appurtenances, for a few years — the deuce is in it if new faces will not put a new face on things in general. Civil appointees must be civil to those who ap- point them; and the deuce is in it if a good word be not said in favor of the government. Captain Rossi delivered up the insignia of office, public records, &c.; on Monday, but he will continue to act probably for a day or two. Report has it that Dr. Dalhunty is to be acting successor of Capt. Rossi. We should think Dr. Dal- hunty will hardly consider himself equal to this task. There is but one man in the Colony who, by his abi- lity to fill the office, and by his claim as Senior Ma- gistrate, fit and entitled to receive the appointment — and that man is Mr. D'Arcy Wentworth. A better, or yet one half so good as he, will not be selected — search the Colony all over. He has shrewdness and aptitude for the office — knows the characters he has to deal with, and though probably it might not be an easy matter to induce him to take the office, it will be unjust to the Colony, if every means of persuasion be not adopted for him to return and fill the vacancy. Nothing will persuade us that the Governor considers the good of the Colony, in his arrangements, if Mr. D'Arcy Wentworth be passed over on this occasion. A reproach will indelibly attach to him and to his administration. Next to Mr. Wentworth we should recommend Mr. Hely. A Lieut. North, of the Veteran Corps, is appointed to an office in the Bonded Stores, under, the Deputy Com- missary. The appointment was given to Mr. Andrew Allen, about the close of the administration of Sir Thomas Brisbane. His name was Gazetted ; but he was never allowed to act. In the Custom House Establishment Mr. Camp- bell's appointment is two thousand a year ; Captain Rossi's eight hundred ; Mr. Onslow's, as surveyor and searcher, four hundred ; Mr. John Piper, junior's, three hundred. Then there is a host of tide waiters, &c.; &c.; &c.; The sum total of whose salaries, in the department, amounts to more than five thousand pounds. Chapman, the flower of Colonial Constables, has resigned the staff of office. Hard work and little pay do not suit an active policeman; and he properly resolves to shew his employers the void that is created by his resignation. He is perfectly right. A Mr. John Weston has been appointed to fill the situation of Superintendent of the Hyde Park Bar- racks. The salary has been encreased from £75 to £150 sterling per annum. A " lengthy" article is prepared, and in type, for the consi- deration of the " man of war's man", of the " Gleaner, but we are constrained to defer insertion of it till Friday. Our little Schnappers, which are received by our Readers with so much zest, are not at all relished, we find, at Head Quarters. By Schnappers our Readers must understand that we mean the little side or corner dishes which fill up nooks and corners, and interstices to be found on the literary table which we set out twice a week. They have got another name— but we christen 'em Schnappers — most folks call them para- graphs. They are little niggling notices of trifles— only trifles. When they are cut up, there is commonly discovered a hook inside— a hook which the cook is in no wise desirous of removing at the time of dress- ing— the hook is found so useful— it catches hold, and holds fast of the voracious— of those who are always on the look out for tit bits. When the hook is well disguised, the bait is capital, and the animals are fairly caught ! But they know the trick now, and the Schnappers are therefore always well examined before an attempt even is made at digestion. The " off hand" devourers must have the organs of masti- cation wonderfully improved, if they can make our Schnappers after every effort, go down without stick- ing -- sticking where they should stick ! The formation of another new settlement on some part of the north coast is, we hear in agitation. The Success shortly after her return from Bateman Bay, proceeds on a voyage of survey along the coast the northward. She is to be accompanied by the Go- vernment vessel the Elizabeth and Mary, having on board a number of mechanics who have volunteered their services, and a detachment of the 39th, under the orders of Capt. Smith, of that regiment. Between surveying and settlement- making the Success is likely to be detained some months longer on the coast than was anticipated. His Majesty's ship Success sailed yesterday for Bateman Bay, with Messrs. M'Leay and Oxley, and Capt. Dumaresq. The ostensible object of this cruise is said to be the holding a survey on the Bay. The Success may be expected back in about a week. The Government brig Amity accompanies his Ma- jesty's ship Success and the brig Mary Elizabeth as far as Melville Island, where she is to leave a supply of provisions, proceeding from thence to King George's Sound for a similar purpose, and returning to this port round by Cape Leuwin and through Bass's Straits. She will thus make a complete circumnavi- gation of New Holland. The Lord Liverpool, on the present trip from New- castle, brings upwards of 70 passengers; the majority of them are witnesses. The remainder are prisoners for trial at the Supreme Court. The brig Industry spoke the Sydney Packet at Cape Howe, on her way to this Port. We hear that Childs, the man, to give evidence against whom Mr. Wemyss proceeded to the Derwent, has been found guilty of forging the Treasury Bills. Some people say that the next Quarter Sessions for Hunter's River will be held at Morpeth, instead of Newcastle, as a saving of inconvenience, to those set- tlers who have to leave their farms many days, on ac- count of their living a long way up the river, and at a great distance from the town. Every acre of ground on the Banks of the Hunter is now located, from Newcastle to the fountain head. The Goulburn Branch alone remains undisposed of. Several of the specimens of fossils which were collected about Cape Naturalist, to the northward of Swan River, and have been brought to Sydney by Mr. Frazier, colonial botanist, are found to be strongly impregnated, some of them with lead, others with copper and zinc. Ten thousand head of cattle have already marched to the fertile country called Liverpool Plains. Though outside the line, at present, allowed to the settlers, numbers of the old hands on Hunter's River are be- ginning to move off in that direction, under an ex- pectation that permission will soon be given them for that purpose. Wallis's Plains, Hunter's River, will, in future, be called Morpeth. The wharf has just been completed at Newcastle, under the direction of Mr. D. F. Matthews, the superintendant of the public works. Some Government mechanics have been ordered by the chief engineer, to proceed to Newcastle, for the purpose of repairing the church. Owing to the dilapidated state of that building, Divine service has not been performed therein for some time past. Port Macquarie, we understand, will be given up to Free Settlers, as soon as arrangements can be made far receiving the prisoners at Moreton Bay. This is a step which may give satisfaction to those Emigrants who have been disappointed in not obtaining land, according to their expectations, at Hunter's River. The heirs of Colonel Johnson are about to add con- siderably to the beauty of George-street, by commenc- ing a row of elegant houses between the new Bank and the Residence of Mr. J. Lord. A vessel may shortly be expected from Rio de Janeiro, from the house of Jose Antonio Barboza, with Brazilian produce. An unusual fracas among the ladies of the Factory, at Parramatta, took place the other day. Some dis- turbance was complained of, and Mr. Marsden and some other Gentlemen repaired to the residence of the ladies, and there they were assailed with such a volley, of abuse and threats from the refractory, that they deemed it prudent to retire. Dr. Harris, the attentive and diligent acting police magistrate, summoned his constables, and marched straightway to the scene of revolt. His presence did not tend to allay the war- like face of things ; and one of the ringleading ladies shewed fight. Dr. Harris seeing the utter uselessness of a parley, collared the obstreperous dame, and she collared him, and down they both went — but the gal- lant Doctor, after sustaining some kicks and bruises, succeeded in overcoming the resolute Amazon; and, with the assistance of his constables, had her and the other turbulent spirits removed into secure confine- ment, and restored the shades of the nunnery to com- parative silence and tranquillity. A sudden and unexpected turn out of some of the troops in Sydney, took place on the evening of Sun- day last. It had been reported that a party of bush- rangers had taken up their quarters among the pre- cipices of the north Shore. It was also stated, that these men, were all armed, and that their intentions were to make a decent upon Sydney, and take the town by storm! The soldiers who were ordered upon the expedition soon gained the Field of Mars. They were taken by surprise - they were overcome, not by fear, nor yet by superior numbers, but with wonder. They were sent after bushrangers, and they found na- tives. The enemy proved to be some half dozen lads, who had been breaking the Sabbath, and shooting birds in the bush. A female, named Margaret Riley, was drowned last Thursday in the river at Parramatta. The accident occurred in a part of the river which is extremely dan- gerous in dark nights owing to the want of a fence or railway as a safeguard to those who are unac- quainted with the topography of that part of the town. The place we allude to, is at the back of Go- vernment House. We don't happen to know whether the land immediately adjoining and on the edge of the large and dangerous hole be claimed as belonging to Government, or forming part of the Government House premises, but we are quite sure that if it were the property of a private individual, he would not only deserve, but would stand a good chance to be indicted for the nuisance. A Coroner's Jury was sum- moned on the occasion of the death of Margaret Ri- ley, and returned a verdict— found drowned — accom- panying the verdict with a strong representation of the necessity of protecting passengers from the dan- ger of losing their lives when passing or approach- ing a water? hole which ought to be securely fenced off. Upwardss of one hundred and thirty prisoners are allowed to sleep out out of Barracks at Parramatta. Kindness to prisoners were never object, if the kindness be exercised with discrimination ; and we should not therefore speak of this indulgence which is conceded to so many men at Parramatta, if these men were not, as to the majority, the most corrupt that could be selected to be left on their own hands during thw night. Some of them are most outrageous characters and dangerous to the peace of the inhabitants. It would he well if inquiries were made on this subject; and the privilege of allowing prisoners to sleep out of barracks granted at least with something more of caution. The constables are not adequate to the com mon duties of the place ; and the difficulty therefore of protecting the people from nocturnal planter should not be necessarily increased. The four persons who formerly belonged to the New .Zealand Company, and who lately repaired to New Zealand for the purpose of settling there have pitched upon a plaVe called Suciancia. These men are sangiiiue'iii their hopes, and expect to turn their scheme to a good account. The house of Mr. Lethbridge, at Prospect, was robbed the other night, while the family were in the house. Mrs. Lethbridge was in one parlour, and the thieves contrived to lift up the sash of the parlour ad joining, and took out most of the moveables they could walk away with. An attempt at lobbery was made in :i house i-i P.i, mutatta* on StnVdny nig'ht ;: hut :in ala.un 1hm)i«- sou.ini vi}, the ihietes m.ule. their escape, but utlhuut' ,ui y b« o'y. ? Some -.'information liiis heeh :'gi.veii: t- the Police, which has thrown some light on the subject of the mysterious disappearance of a person named While,atr Botany, whose body was found drowned one day last 'week. The man Powers, connected with the extensive cat tle stealing in and about Bathurst some short time ago, is still kept in custody, in the Gaol at Bathurst After his removal fiom Sydney Gaol, he declined to make any fuither discoveries. Harris, one of the prisoners who were being con- veyed to Norfolk Island by the brig Wellington, at the time of her being pirated, but who escaped on shore at New Zealand, with others, previous to the re-capture of that vessel by the Sisters, was appre- hended on Thursday last. Whilst the barque Faith was laying at the Bay of Islands, Harris contrived to ship himself as a seaman on board of her. His utter ignorance of any thing like seamanship soon becom- ing apparent, and the probability of his story being true becoming more doubtful every day, information of the man being on board was communicated to the police authorities. One of the assistant superinten- denta, with several constables, proceeded to Botany Bay on Thursday evening and laid violent hands on Harris whilst he was descending the rigging of the vessel. s The Supreme Court sits to-day ''to pass sentence on prisoners who have been tried and remanded. ' ..'John Emerson was tried at the Criminal Court yes terday on a charge of forging and uttering', a cheque for £112 lOs.t= purporting to be drawn by J. Bowman, on the bank of Australia. ' The Jury found the pri. soner guilty:' Alexander M'Dowall, who was convicted at the last sittings of the Court, upon an information Jaid under Lord Ellenborough'sAct, for cutting and stabhing' one M'Larne, on board the ship Rosanna, whilst at New Zealand', was brought'up* yesterday and discharged, Jiulgmeut having been ti nested on' a legal objection tiken by Dr. Wardell; at the time of trial, and subse quently argued. The Uom t had^aken .time to consider of the motion in auest ofjudgmetit, anil ultimately ac-' quiet-clng in tho' validity of the' point taised, the prU soner was urdeied'to be iiu'crute'l. - ' ' _' s, Sim* News.— 'On Alond-iy airiicd UieXCJonidl brigTrrt\u8 try; Oapl. Voimg, fr-nn Port Dali vniple— LfirliiiR, «v|ie-»t, Stc. \tibierday sailLd II. M. S. Success, for Butuiuau'd Bay. - Fee simple ru«1 the simple' fee ? 'And all'tlie't'eea in tail, , '? Aie nothing' when eompured with tl'ce, ' i' Tnou best'of 'fee^— ^ Js-ina^e »' Si: '. - : . ??? __ __' * ' ' ' * * ' ' '*' : ' ' '* ' COLONEL BRAADLEY'S CASE .—{Aljuall in the House cf Can mont, Dec. 8.). — Mr. Ifunic, on moving for certain returns, 'con- nected vtilh the case of Col, Israel ley. reuiiudvd the House of I « having, more -than once lmmght that gt'tilleinaii's case befor* them a»oiKiof -peculiar littuls'hip. This CoJoncJ Kradtey hcM llic'King'i couiniisiiciu as a Military Gmornor of (Ue Island «f Hunduraa ; and for refusing to obey (with thai Commission in his iiaiid) the ' letter of service' c»f a'lialf.pav ofli.-er Ui-, \,, fenln 111 rank and authority (ColoncJ Arthur), .una placc'rl under arrest^ nnd notwilhstdiiduig-his tytunty-one yenrs' hard »ervice 011 rt'stsling this (injust sway, nu'cl complaining of the conducf of Colonel A rlhur. i\as'flismissed Jiis Majcsty'i scnicc ; and nil* because iie had* not arislocrallc infltitnre at the Coniu:aiuterin Cluef b-ofllce, uliile Colonel Arthur had. Tliis was llic casein, a few words; nnd it turned, in a Parliamentary point of view, on one point— whether au officer, contrary lo mifilary usage, ihoiild majcen '- letter of service' supersede thf King'/ Couuwission and that loo held hy a fnll-pay colonel, while lluAjiher «a9 l,c|«i -y a hair-p.iy major, lit- intended lo bring llic'case of Colonel litndley again before the House ; and in'orderfd mnke it'perfect at all points, lie would, nmve 'for a copy of the inslnicUons sent l»y the Duke of Manchester, on t'.le7thof July ,1814, to Gelier.il puller, Chief ' in Gonniihnd .at the Honduras— ihen for General ,- Fullers tetter to Colonel Arihur1, a'utliorisirig.hiV-o astnme the command over Colonel Bradley— then f»r Colouil ArllmrVie -ort to the War OfRco in lb20, on the circumsUnces of Co'lonel Bradley s arrest, and of liis corrcspondu:jce with* Lord' Bntliux«t on the subjecf. ^ : Lord PALEMR5TON objecled to tficre'turns^-iiot from doubt? of then existence (Hint was proved in a Court 'of Justice) but because there were no Parliamentary g-oundb fcir their produc tion. AGolonel Arthnrxcceivcd, throiiS!i Fenwil Vuller, froia i.V Juke^f^Manchester, the chief c.cniitmtnil at Honduras, w lit-r.'. Colonel Bradley and his regiment happed _,iu be quarU'reci. Ihis n|fhnrity Colonel Arihur posM'ssed quite ifuh-pencli-ni x-f and sepHraiti from, his military rank. N eventide* C'o1j-upI Bradley, constituting- himself llic judge, and onl\ inlerpre'cr «f the nuihority, icfused to obey C»l. nel Artln.r; arid, accordingly tor las intitiiious conduct, was put under arrest. Tiie matfer came before the ComnianJler-in-Chicf, nnd lie deciiled tint Cor nel Arlliurwns right. a:id Colonel Bradle- wri»i«:, to such a d«.. gree as to induct; h:s H«i;,al Flighne^s lo ilisinu^ limi from Uie servict. This was cJoiiu m the mosj, ItiduL^cul.'imniuer ; for he was CMsliierccl, b'ut njfuwcd lo sell out' his cuiuiu'tshion. f fc j|uvt| appealed to the leg-U ^-ihutidly, who awarded'lsiin some HOQl. damage«, stlely because tht«\ CMtisidered Colond Arthi-i i^-pt him longer in arrest Una his autlioriiv justified; nol.cimune Witli ilm, I e moved for a ninv trial, and was refused. ^ JMr. HoaiK wis! eii \u krosv bj whalauihoiitv tlie King's com-' .tniyi«»i,hful been superseded by Grnfral Fuller'*, letter nf «er-. ~viee— which moteuvii was fabricated in 1-81 i- — live years after ?it was^c re tended to have hf en giv--n. ? He denied t lit- exi-.triice Jn itato-.ui Colonel, Arthur'* authority in ISA 4 ; »-uilil prove, from Colonel Arthur's own letters, thai he had im commission at the .ihe time ; and that, therefore, this letter of service .was a subse quent fabrication. Kurd I'almekston replied, that to di ny- the existence, of Colonel Arthur's authority in 1 81 4 was abase, infamous, and scandalous calumny; and that whoever declared it, uttered a wont imfaiuotis' falsehood. He (Lord Paliiiersloii) on a former occasion r.ad a passage to the House from. General FullerV let ter, acknowledging the aulhoiity ; and it was a wicked falsehood n- deny its existence. . Colonel Ton hens opposed the returns. Sir II. 'Hahdinci said,' that there- « as a liaso imputation on the army conveyed in the. honourable .member's denial of Colonel Arthur's authority, which was by no means iuvali-l;ited by his having been on half-pay, nsatutost all the itaft' officer* in the- empire weie. ? , Air. H.i-mk would bring the question to one point. Did Co hyiel Arthur, at the time time of piillin» C.iliuiel Hrndley under aru'M, possess authorily from General l'ullcrj warranting him to do to ?.;.' Lord PAi.MF.nsfoN. ?? I have sufficiently answeied the ques tion already in the affirmative.' JVIr- Hum k repeated the question. Sir It. Makdino thought the repetition ofa tentimesanswer ed question should lie discountenanced by the House. . Loid Pai.m fusion thought the ohlus'cncss of lite honourable member'* intellect did not admit' of any *pi-ssihiliiy of compre hending a simple answer. He was completely indifferent whether the. honourable member unde.Mood htm or not ; as his now say ing ihVt Colonel Arthur hat! the authority, was not inti-nded Jor hi? itifiiiiuHtion, hut for that of. the House. * j\ir.Uu \ik wns-not to br diverted from his purpose by abuse, whit-It., was no argument ; and if he did not possess the brightness -|f piutsfoi which tlic.iiuhlc Lord-was so distinguished, it-was his iV)iifi- iiiuu-, and not his fault. As to tiie offensive language of the noble -Lord, he should hold it as he ahvay did, nnd ever would hold.il, As he was suri;, the 1 1 imse h«-ld it — in utter contempt. ? lie would not imitate tlu: noble Lord, by saying he declared a fhlM'huod ; hut, by Colonel Arthur's own hand- writing, he would firi.ve it to the? conviction of the House. *' ?'-.-?- .Sit II. HaiimiNo said, his warmth arose from the honourable im-tuber having dcciaivd, a few nights since, that the officers of the iiruiy' w'ric slaves. ??.,.'! Sir II. Makiunc, ' Thu honourable member's (/s make it . »Otncwhi(t difficult (--- know what should be replied to his argu ments .ind assertions.' ? . ? ' -??'-. :' A hern fe\v words from TVlr. Hume, the motions for the returns . ivere .'put and negatived without a division. ' ? 