HOBART-TOWN, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 1827. We trust the Legislative Council will not separate without taking into due and mature consideration, the various regulations and en- actments now required in the colony. It may be inconvenient for some of the members to be absent from their homes and families long, but in matters of such onerous and paramount moment, pri- vate concerns must in some measure give place to public good. The various rules and orders which now regulate the affaiis of the colony, are so scattered in the form of Government Notices, Pro- clamations, &c.; that they are difficult to be collected or generally understood. The duties of the Legislative Council in making laws, may be said to be threefold, namely : - 1 To promote the good order of society by restraining vice & crime. - 2. To regulate the revenue and expenditure, and - 3. To foster and nourish the present infant State of the colony. To the first division belong the regulating of the sale of spirits, which we trust before they have quitted the subject will be placed on a wholesome footing. - Also, the determining of standard weights and measures, and imposing a stamp by a proper officer on each. At present nothing is more common than to buy certain in tides by the imperial measure in England, and to dispose of them in this co- lony as if bought by the oil standard, whereby an unaknowledged profit of ten per cent, is made : - The same thing is practised too often among ourselves. - It is a hard thing to say, but we fear there are among us, those who buy with one bushel measure and sell with another. How frequently does the settler who has mea- sured out 100 bushels of wheat on his farm, find on its being de- livered to the purchaser in Hobart-town, that it metes out no more than 90. Bread also requires either properly regulating, or being left entirely open to the competition of the bakers - either imposing a proper graduated assize, and adhering to it, or abandoning all interference on the matter, and leaving the sellers of bread to make loaves of any size they please. The impounding laws also must be clearly defined and placed upon a more equable footing than at present. But we must here set a bridle on our pen, for the line of legislative duty in this department appears almost boundless. In regard to the revenue, the art of maintaining it, in all coun- tries, has proved a knotty problem to the wisest politicians. Im- patience, in this, as in most other human affairs, has usually been the bane of Statesmen. They have wished to reap the crop before it was ripe, they have sometimes gathered the fairest blossoms and checked and ruined the happiest hopes. Not so, we trust with the Council of this island. Our situation is peculiar - We are, they tell us, a penal settlement, and of consequence a charge upon the Mother Country. The Civil Government was at fiist established, and has since been continued and enlarged for the purpose of rul- ing, regulating and maintaining a due discipline over the prisoners which compose it, and the free settlers who have since emigrated ought, we take it, to be looked upon merely as auxiliary branches of the system which is organized to preserve it. In the first stages therefore nothing but expenditure can well be calculated upon. Van Diemen's land however has proved a thriving colony, and the regulations adopted in Downing-street, in regard to the encourage- ment of free and respectable settlers have been followed by a very happy result. Commerce and the prosperity of the island natu- rally present easy sources of revenue. Here then we arrive at the grand secret of the good financier, namely - to impose no duty which will check either the one or the other, but such only as will pro- mote them. And this leads us to the third grand object which the Council should have in view, viz. - the fostering and nourishing of the in- fant colony. By imposing such duties only as will protect and fa- vour the native industry of the people, we daily place the state in a situation more and more able to fill the coffers of the treasury, and like a well planted tree, the Government and the people, the trunk and branches will mutually thrive and increase. On the im- portation of such articles therefore as we can raise within ourselves, there should be imposed an enhanced duty. Thus for example the item of ardert spirits ought to pay a high duty, because we can produce it ourselves, and accumulate the enormous profits upon it to our own advantage. Numerous other articles might be named, as, malt liquor, soap, salt, coarse woollen clothing and generally speaking luxuries of all kinds. There never can be any fear that by at Iast even totally abolishing the importation of all these ar- ticles, and consequently the revenue which now accrues from it, that the chest of the Treasurer would be empty. The Govern- ment of a thriving and a prosperous people will always have an abundant and an overflowing treasury. The New Acts. - We this day present our readers with no less than three enactments of the Legislative Council for the present year, and several others, we learn, will speedily follow. The act number 1, to explain and amend the former act, regulating the sale of spirits, we most sincerely hope, will have its desired effect, and will gíve the blow to the grog system and all its ruinous con- sequences. The acts number 2 and 3 affect us more intimately, and though a party, concerned, we cannot refrain from giving our temparate and unbiassed opinion upon them. We have never once since we first, undertook the post of public journalist, either here, or elsewhere, in treating of any grave subject, shewn the least par- tiality or leaning, from personal motives, to one side or the other, and we think we can entirely divest ourselves of it on the present occasion. With regard to the imposing of a license to make known the name of the printer and publisher, and so forth, and to afford greater fa- cilities, than have hitherto existed in this island, for the prevention of libels and the discovery of the authors of them, we ourselves have long ago advised it, and therefore cannot without menifest in- consistency now disapprove of it. The imposing a heavy duty upon newspapers, is however, a totally different measure, on which we have never yet given our oninion, but which we now with every freedom and impartiality due to a British subject candidly declare. The object of the act professes to be, to raise a fund in order to defray the expense of printing the public notices, &c.; and is evi- dently framed with much caution and after long deliberation. It will certainly have this good effect, that by increasing the price of newspapers to the public, it will compell the proprietors and editors of them, to exert themselves to the utmost, so as to render them desirable and worthy the purchase of that public. It is the stamp duty, it must be confessed, acting in this way in England, that has raised the newspaper press there far beyond all others in the world. Nevertheless we disapprove of it here at the present time, and we will state our reasons. In the first place, none but men of large and unencumbered capital can possibly carry on a newspaper, a busi- ness so irksome and laborious and in this colony returning so small a profit, that no one so situated would willingly undertake it. While the proprietor is compelled to find weekly, a large sum of money to defray the expense of wages, paper and other charges incurred in carrying on his business, in maintaining his family, and the amount of duty to the Treasurer, nothing which he can collect from his subscribers can possibly counterbalance it, more especially at the present low price of wheat and all other colonial produce. All idea therefore of the duty amounting to such a sum as would defray the expense of printing the notices of Government, must prove nugatory. The island must be much more populous and the inhabitants more disposed to reading than they are, before the duty will defray even the bare charges of stamping and collecting it. Where we sell hundreds or rather fifties, the English journals, on which the act appears to have been calculated, circulate thou- sands. There is, therefore, no parallel. All small taxes are bad ; the expense of collecting them is usually so great that they eat up the proceeds, and being of a minute description they are more sorely felt by the people. The system of small trifling detailed taxation has long been on the decline in England, for she has suffered much from it. Lord Liverpool has uniformly aimed at abrogating it, and.Mr. Canning, we doubt not, will finish the work. Every thing, in a word, which tends to check intelli- gence, to bridle the ardour in the human mind for information and research, must also tend to check the energies of the people, and of consequence, the resources and revenue of the Government which is over them. Within the last two years, the spirit of inquiry, the thirst for useful knowledge which has sprung up, more especially in the native born part of the population, may well be said to have advanced the community in the scale of civilization at least 100 years. What share, if any, in producing this happy change, is due to the Hobart-town Gazette, and how much it will be circum- scribed by the present act, we leave for others to determine. In common with our countrymen we feel how earnestly and anxiously His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor wishes for the welfare of the colony, and trusting that these observations will be taken in good part, as they are respectfully and submissively offered, we hope that the power which the Council by the tenth section seems for that very purpose to have given him, of lessening the amount of the duty, will be used to the lowest possible limit. The show of excellent thorough bred horses, as they appear from time to time in the Hobart-town Gazette, must be a striking and convincing proof to strangers, of the spirit of enterprise which ac- tuates the settlers who have brought them to Van Diemen's land. Never was such attention devoted throughout the world, to improve the breed of that noble animal as at the present day. But England from its insular situation and compulsory high price of corn, will necessarilly be circumscribed in its endeavours, while countries, abounding like this island in grain, will be enabled to carry their attempts at improvement to any extent. The Mexican Govern- ment lately bought 10 English horses to improve the breed in that country, for which they paid, 6000 guineas in England. On Tuesday, Mr. Huett the Police officer, and Andrew Rhind apprehended a noted runaway in a house at the Hollow Tree, well known as a common resort cf pig and sheep stealers. They after- wards proceeded to Ralph's Bay, and took into custody James Murphy, charged with felony. His Majesty and, with very few exceptions, every one who at- tended the funeral of the late Duke of York, underwent a severe illness in consequence of remaining so long in the cold damp chapel at Windsor. The danger indeed was foreknown to most of the mourners, but Lord Eldon said he would attend the funeral if it should cost him his life. He however escaped the illness, with which the others were attacked, by placing his hat between his feet and the cold stone flags during the long ceremony. The English papers are full of epigrams and sarcasms on this prudent little stratagem. It reminds us of the anecdote told of the late Duke of Newcastle, at the death of George the Second. The Duke of Cumberland himself an old man deeply affected by the death of his brother, aged 77, weighed down and overwhelmed with grief, was watching the decent of the corps into the tomb, while all the time something from behind seemed to press like an incubus on his back as if to sink him still deeper towards the grave, of which he him- self in the course of common nature, must also soon become an in- habitant, when at last, mustering courage to look round, he found the Duke of Newcastle standing close behind him, with his train crumpled up beneath his feet, and the robe nearly pulled down from his shoulders. Sir Humprey Davy, in his late report to the House of Commons, has very beautifully explained the economy of fishes. They mul- tiply, says he, their species by eggs which are impregnated out of the body, and which require the contact of water saturated with air to render them productive. Fishes that spawn either in the sea or lakes, almost always come to the shallows and deposit their eggs upon vegetables, which by their agency keep the water saturated with air, and their season of breeding is in general, that of most animals, in spring. But some genera, as the salmon, multiply their species in winter and require running water for that purpose, that is, water well saturated with air. These circumstances shew the ne- cessity for that wonderful instinct in the salmon, which preparatory to the breeding season, makes them quit the sea and make their way through rapids, over falls, and through great lakes to the upper parts of rivers, where their eggs may be deposited in a pure and aerated water. The southern coast of the Black sea, says Dr. Clarke, is one con- tinued theatre of history. Ruins are seen the whole way from Constantinople to Trebisond, and even to Anapa. At Amasera they extend far into the sea, and columns, which the waves have not had power to overthrow, are still regarded by the fishermen and mariners as works of magic. One of' the most popular pieces now acted night after night in London, is called,"The Flying Dutchman." The legend is truly ridiculous and absurd. Not so the Cut-lugged-sow, which some of our readers from North of the Tweed may recollect. The ves- sel had sailed from Kirkaldie in the Frith of Forth, and the master named William Williamson, having indulged in a glass extra, had gone to bed, when dreaming of ghosts and hobgoblins he started upon deck in a fright, and seeing the shadow of his vessel on the smooth silver surface of the deep by the bright moonlight, he mis- took it for another ship and bawled out from the companion door "what ship ?" to which his chief officer, named James Jamieson, being at the prow and humouring his mistake, answered "the Cut lugged-sow" - "The-Cut-lugged-sow !" reechoed the skipper, ''well I never thought there was another ca'ed the Cut-lugged-sow but my ain auld woman - And what's the master's name ?" conti- nued he, "Willie Willieson" - "Willie Wiilieson ! well thats pass- ing strange, just my ain name till a hair, and what do they ca' the mate ?" "Jamie Jamieson." "Dear guide us a'" exclaimed he at last, holding up both hands in amazement as he stood undressed shivering upon deck, "twa Willie Williesons ! - twa Jamie Jamie- sons ! - and twa Cut- lugged-sows ! - and a' frae the lang toon of Kirkadie ! " In one of the Irish regiments lately quartered in Canada, some of the officers found it very difficult, as is often the case, to get a coat made. One of them who waited with much patience for three or four weeks, at Iast sent for the tailor, a blunt Irishman named Swarthy, and asked why his coat was not finished. Because, and please your honour, said Swarthy, there are no tailors. Can you get nobody to help you, asked the officer, there are plenty of shoe- makers and bakers - can't a baker make a coat ? yes indeed and he can, sajd Swarthy, he can make a coat of mail. The sun, in his apparent daily course from east to west, warms and rarifies the air, which, when the coolness of night supervenes, is again condensed, and the vacuum is supplied from the more compressed and frigid regions of the poles by currents of air form- ing intermediate angles with the poles and equator that is in north- west and south-west directions, forming what are called the trade winds. But continents, capes, points of land and other causes interrupt in many parts their natural regularity. Thus, when the angle made by the current of air which reaches this island keeps within a line reaching across New Holland, the air is more mild, and when it veers towards the south of Cape Chatham and the lati- tude of St. Paul's and Amsterdam cold and storms abound. Last year the snow continued on Mount Wellington for more than five months together ; this year it has not been so many days. During the winter just passed, rthe north-westerly winds have chiefly prevailed, bringing with them rain and a temperate atmos- phere, being warmed in its passage across the continent of New Holland. The consequence has been that the northern side of the island has had rather a superabundance of wet, the centre and inte- rior generally a moderate and sufficient quantity, but towards the south, the banks of the Derwent, Pittwater, &c.; the progress of agriculture has been retarded for want of moisture. One of the oldest men we have known in Van Diemen's land as George Waters, a Scotchman, who died not long ago aged 107, he was among the first settlers in the island, and lived about Cla- rence plains. He used to relate with great animation, the events of the battle of Culloden and the rebellion in 1745, in which he took an active part. He lies buried in Hobart-town church-yard. We had understood that one of the rooms lately added to the Government house would be set aside as a Museum of the natural productions of this island. We have not however had the pleasure to see any thing in progress of so desirable a measure. Scarce a settler in the island but has picked up more than one specimen of fossil, shell or other curiosity, and many have made their remarks upon them. Were these all collected into one focus and arranged according to system by a scientific man, they would not only be credit to us in Van Diemen's land, but might be useful to the world generally. It is undoubtedly a matter well worthy of the attention of the Executive. Meantime we shall be happy to take care of any mineral or other production for public inspection, which any of our readers may favour us with, and we will undertake to assay the ores of any specimen sent us, so as to ascertain its value for the satis- ? faction of the owner. We are happy to see that some of our more respectable settlers in the country, are turning their attention to the making of malt for the use of the brewers in Hobart-town. This in every point must be advantageous ; for the firewood in the country is obtained at a cheap rate, and the reducing of the grain to malt, makes it much lighter and easier of carriage, so that it is a gain to both parties. It is sold wholesale, we believe at from 8 to 9 shillings a bushel. We would beg leave to offer a caution to the cultivators of corn, not to speculate too deeply during the seed time, in attempts to raise oats for horse forage. We have long ago given our opinion, founded on actual experience, on this subject, and the result of last summer confirms its correctness. The climate of Van Diemen's land generally speaking, is not suited to the cultivation of oats, and in dry summers the hopes of the grower will to a certainty be disappointed. When it does grow it produces but a husk, on which a hearty horse would starve. Cape barley light as it is, is far su- períor and contains a much larger portion of farina. The Com- missariat we learn are now purchasing this article in default of the other, at a much higher rate than even wheat can now be bought. Very excellent bacon and ham, varying in price from one shilling to eighteen- pence a pound, is now to be bought in abundance in town. Some that we have seen however has not been smoke dried, an essential, which we implore no settler to overlook, for if properly attended to, it will give the name and spread the fame of Van Die- men's land hams far and wide. The farmer who attempts this very profitable branch, will not adopt the common bad practice of hang- ing them in a chimney, but will construct an out-house (a hole ex- cavated in the face of a steep bank will answer the purpose well) round which he will hang the legs and sides of pork, and with a heap of sawdust or common choppings of the woodyard, lighted and covered with a cask, he will gradually smoke without heating or wasting them, and will fill them with a flavour which all will admire. Two or three individuals have lately commenced smoke drying some of the fishes caught in the Derwent, and we must candidly say the success they have met with makes them equal to the best yellow haddocks of Findon. None of the members or visitors of the Ross market has thought it worth his while to send us any account of the proceedings ; we are therefore left in total darkness of what took place there on the 5th instant, and are consequently wholly unable to inform our readers. I saw, from yonder silent cave, Two fountains running side by side, The one was Memory's limpid wave, The other cold Oblivion's tide. "Oh Love !" said I, in thoughtless dream, As o'er my lips the Lethe passed, "Here, in this dark and, chilly stream, "Be all ray pains forgot at last." But who could bear that gloomy blank, Where joy was lost as well as pain ? Quickly of Memory's fount l drank, And brought the past all back again ; And said, "Oh Love ! whate'er my lot, "Still let this soul to thee be true- "Rather than have one bliss forgot, "Be all my pains remembered too !" 