Shipping Intelligence POSTSCRIPT.—- Thursday Evening.—A ship in sight from the North-east. On Wednesday last arrived, from the Cum- berland Isles, which she left the 28th ult. the Colonial vessel Sally. The Guilford is announced to sail, for Can- ton, to morrow ; and the Currency Lass, for Port Dalymple, on the 11th instant. One of our contemporaries has been again adverting to the prison-population, and we are pained to find that misrepresentation is not likely to grow less, but, if any thing, increases in perversity, though it gratifyingly dete- riorates in influence. Truth will always eclipse falsehood, and though the latter may unfortunately effectuate more or less mischief, nevertheless when truth follows, it appears with ten- fold radiance, and covers with confusion those who may either be the inventors, or the deluded propagators, of temporary mischief. Previous to the Administration of Governor Macquarie in 1810, and up to the arrival of the Reverend Mr. Cowper in the Colony, who gave the first blow to adultery and forni- cation in New South Wales, it was the custom for people to live in a state of concubinage-in fact, as near as we recollect, marriage was unknown, unthought of, except among the pa- trician order ; and in those days there were only two orders of people, namely, the very high, and the very low. We have no desire to throw censure upon any of the an- cient Constituted Authorities of the land, only we cannot help stating a fact which will not be denied by any of our cotemporaries of the period to which we allude. Upon Governor Macquarie's arrival, almost the first mea- sure he proposed and enforced, was that of marriage amongst all classes, and only those that were living in a state so honorable could find a passport to the regards of His Excel- lency, some few instances excepted. Mrs. Macquarie, too, was as zealous as her "lord and master" in suppressing a vice that, to all appearance, from habit and the previous non-encouragement of virtue, had superseded the holy rite of matrimony. The consequence was soon obvious. The Reverend Mr. Mars- den and the Reverend Mr. Cowper (and especially the latter Gentleman) were ince- santly occupied in marrying all ranks and conditions, and in baptizing children of all ages. But, beneficial as this system of Go- vernor Macquarie was, in inculcating vir- tue, and rooting out vice, through being car- ried to an extreme, it became the parent of no small mischief, inasmuch as many entered into the wedded state for the sake of recom- mending themselves to the notice of the Go- vernor ; and, as soon as their ends were answered, mothers, wives, and children, too often were abandoned. All that applied for permission to approach the Hymeneal altar, were indiscriminately admitted within the pale. The evils that resulted from such a system were not few in number. We are not aware that any alteration or emendation oc- curred throughout the long reign of Governor Macquarie ; but in the time of his Suc- cessor, and especially to the penetrating mind of Major Goulburn, the necessity for cir- cumscribing marriages between the prison population became obvious. How to encourage connubial intercourse with the prison-popula- tion, and yet prevent serious inconvenience arising to the Government, became no easy task. To put down marriage, in tolo, would not answer : to allow it to be carried on, under the former system, was impossible, unless the public morals and good order of the prison-population were utterly disregarded. Caution thus becoming necessary, prudent measures were adopted to restrain evils which had insensibly increased to an enormous mag- nitude. As regards the representations that have gone abroad upon this subject in the Opposition Journals, we feel ourselves justi- fied in stating, that the same are not, in any way, bottomed on truth. They are without foundation. No regulations have emanated from the Home Government on the subject ; neither has the present Colonial Government imposed any new ones. To prevent the evils that oc- curred in the time of Governor Macquarie, as the unavoidable result of that indiscriminate permission vbicb was given to the prifonereof the Crown to marry, none, of either sex, are allowed to enter into that state unless they have some claim to good character, and can be well recommended, either from their super- intendents, overseers, masters, or mistresses; and who is there would insist that priso- ners of the Crown, of indifferent and disso- lute principles, should experience the same indulgence as is bestowed, and should only be bestowed, upon the excellent and well-deserving prisoner? As for the assignee having power, independent of the Government, to grant per- mission to his or her Crown servant to marry, we deny the same. Having very recently discussed this point, and, in our opinion, in a way utterly unanswerable, we are not willing to do any more than refer our Readers to our sentiments on this subject in our number of the 3d instant. On that occasion we adverted to the sad confusion with which our Society would be deluged, had the prisoners of the Crown the power of forming civil contracts, whilst in a state of surveillance and bondage. If the assigned prisoner is so far the property of the assignee as to need the permission only of the master or mistress, then, by extending the proposition, the progeny of the assigned, or issue of such marriage, would, like the pa- rents, also become the property of the em- ployer-and the system of slavery, which has been so ably advocated of late in the columns of our contemporaries, would be complete. If the Governor has no power to grant a ticket-of-leave to an assigned servant, and no power to withhold his sanction from an impro- per alliance, and all the power is vested in the assignee, who, in fact, would become an ab- solute slaveholder, and the prisoner a slave, then the children, as a matter of course, must con- stitute a part of the property of the Australian slave-owner ! How horribly revolting is such a line of argumentation to the minds of Eng- lishmen! If once the barrier of common sense is thus invaded, it must be seen how ex- tremely difficult it is to maintain public ho- nesty and sound policy. Have we not assignees in our Community, who, for the sake of a few paltry pounds, or some trifling pecuniary con- sideration, would allow any servant in their possession to get wedded with all possible des- patch? And how many of our assigned ser- vants are there-how many hundreds and thousands-who would gladly re-enter the marriage-state, although their partners are known to be living in Europe! If it were not for the prudent regulations in force, and the extreme watchfulness that is exerted to keep these regulations in proper play, a week would not pass without the Majesty of Heaven being insulted by the perjuries of too many of the prison-population, who, with their absence of the love of virtue, have also abandoned all natural affection, and would en- tomb all remembrance, of wives and babes at home in the arms of some second wife, or se- cond husband? Under our own immediate eye, within the last two months, a case of this kind occurred, and but for the records in the Colonial Office, and the very proper compulsion on our part to solicit permission of the Autho- rities in the case of an assigned servant, the united crimes of bigamy, perjury, and adultery would have been rendered complete ! If the permission of the assignee only had been ne- cessary, the parties would have been married! Will our public writers, therefore, advocate principles which are destructive of all social order, and must be inevitably productive of the most dangerous vices that can plague any Society? We should hope not. Though we do not mean to assert that the property in the service of the prisoner does not vest in the assignee under the 5th of Geo. IV. still we insist that no prisoner of the Crown, whether assigned or unassigned, can enter into any civil contract, without the approbation and sanction of the Governor for the time being; and we are satisfied, after all that has dropped from our pen on the subject, that no Clergyman in New South Wales, either of the Protestant or Catholic persuasion, will ven- ture upon the infraction of so wise, judicious, and necessary a regulation as that of obtaining the permission of the Governor to all mar- riages wherein prisoners of the Crown are concerned. The next article of editorial faith which we may expect to see put forth, after what we have witnessed of late, in all probability will be, that persons of respecta- bility have no right to apply to the Gover- nor for a license to marry, but merely to request the Clergyman to perform the cere- mony, as a matter of course!!! We once more repeat, that there is no truth in the representations that have been recently circulated on this subject. A man, of the name of Baxter, a Serjeant in the Royal Veteran Corps, who lias just been convicted of feloniously appropriating certain property to his own use, which be- longed to the Crown, whilst acting as store- keeper at the Female Factory, received sen- tence of seven years' transportation one day last week. Since the sentence lias been passed, from a dcvelopement of the peculiar circumstanc s and alleged hardship of the case, con iderable interest has been excited in behalf of the unfortunate man, who is a soldier of no less than 28 years' standing. A very respectable Gentleman, who, from mo- tives of delicacy, we forbear to name, has in- terested himself so far as to get a petition drawn up and signed by influential characters, amongst whom, we are happy to state, stands that of the learned Attorney General (A. M. Baxter, Esq.) who, of course, in the name I of the King, prosecuted the case. The peti ition is intended for His Excellency, ' praying, under all the circumstances of the case, for a pardon. There can be only one opinion entertained of the result of this oppor- tune application in favor of a veteran, shuu d it appear to' the Fountain of Mercy that the unfortunate man was mistaken and persecuted, instead of being influenced by a fraudulent and felonious intention. From the appearance of the old soldier we certain y thought be boro little resemblance to a felon. r, Thb Colonivl Time» of Van DiemenV r- Land, as might bo expected, is very severe in y, its strictures on the late unprecedented escape, I ly from the gallows, of those culprits who had ' a speculated on the Treasury chest. ' The Tas- ' ig manían, too, which is no longer under the n* Editorial auspices of an Ex- A ttorney General» of like the father of Journals in Van Dicmcn's id Land, commented rather rudely, not upon the ly conduct of Chief Justice Pedder, but upon ic that of Solicitor General Stephen ! We confess that wo also might have been led s. astray had the Hobart Town (¡azclte, that y mirror of truth, followed on the side which is >j taken up by its contemporaries; but, after the most careful observation, we have much pleasure in perceiving (hat Dr. Ross says not a word upon the subject, which assists us in i- coming to the conclusion wbn li we had pre- is viously formed, that no censure was at ri is butablc to the Solicitor General, though wc, j (f of course, would not esteem it prudent to j a state upon whose shoulders the blame ought to to rest. The affair, as it did here, ext ¡ted extraordinary interest in the sister Colony, ic and every one was struck mute with ustonish >- ment at the escapo of such a banditti, n Having just received a file of the Tasmania s, which Paper we thought had long since given up the ghost, we have nu opportunity of ap- iti pending to our present remarks the observa- tions of that Editorial scribe, who is pronounced to bo no less a being tb:ui Roueiit Lathi:oh Murray, Esquire, whooncc more trermi lously obtrudes himself on public notice. Our » Readers will therefore not be much surprised at w the acerbity with which that upright and indefa- tigable Public Officer-we allude to Solicitor General Stephen-is handled. It must he highly satisfactory to the family and friends of that Gentleman, and by no means ungratitying id to the Home Government, notwithstanding ie all the gall that is " blurted forth" in tho re Opposition prints, to be informed, through the *c medium of our Journal, that he still enjoys id the highest confidence of His Majesty's lit - to prescutative in Tasmania. With this as lc surance, we are convinced the cast ¡gat ions of jf the Editor of the Tasmanian and Colonial sf Times will become divested of their venom ; h and, on that account, we have no hesitation in ¡o presenting our Readers with the following, i~ I which is taken from the Tasmanian of the .t 10th ult. " We have published in our columns, of this week, the result of the prosecution agaiust the several per- sons suppost'ii to have been concerned in the Trea- sury robbery-(we say supposed, because, whether they, or any of them, ready were or not. has not lieen satisfactorily determined)-and we will venture to assert, that such a case is without a precedent in the annals of British Judicature! - jt has pr duced the most violent .sensation in Hobart Town, and called forth the strongest expression against the Chief Jus- tice, as well as the Solicitor General,' who conducted the prosecution. It is quite clear that somi; per- son i i highly culpable, and that such conduct would justify-a suspension. It is our duty, as far as we arc able, to present a fair view ol' the subject ; and, hy that means, enable the Public to judge where the ccnturc ought to rest. " Thor . can be no doubt that it was a matter of great importance, not only to the Colonial Treasurer, but also to the Government, that this case should have been thoroughly investigated, and the delin- quents brought to justice. The Court had been en- gaged one whole day in tedious investigation* res- pecting the state of the chest-the manner in which the accounts were kept-when last examined-how' the delicicucy was ascertained-and what means the prisoners, or any of them, had, of access to the chest or the keys. At eight o'clock on Saturday night the Court was adjourned ; and, with the concurrence, if nut at the suggestion of the Solicitor Genera), it was adjourned until nine o'clock on Monday morning. ? On Monday morning, at nine, the Chief Justice, the Jury, the prisoners, and their Counsel, attended ; but, as has too frequently been the case,* thei-a waa no Solicitor General. A message was scut that the Court was waiting ; but the Solicitor General bald not then ' taken his breakfast, and the messenger returned with- ( out bim The Court was, in the mean time, opened -the Jury were called over-and the prisoners were delivered into their hands. After waiting for 1 half an HOUR, no prosecutor appeared; and, ia 1 consequence, a verdict of NotGuh.ty was recorded ! i Where is the man, from the highest in ollice, down ( to the meanest, but must feel indignant at such con- . duct, and consider that it is making a mockery of a ! Court of Justice, and shutting tile door to a most im- ' jiorlaut investigation for ever ? In this Colony, a t party prosecuting is compelled to entrust his case t into the hands of the Law Otliccrs of the Crown, and | the Public interests arc to suffer because the Law , . OiUccr will uot (could not '.) attend the. Court in pro- per time. " It has been said, that the Chief Justice ought to have adjourned the Court for an hour, and re- ported to the Executive the contemptuous manner in which it had been treated ; but it is very question- able whether the Judge bad the power (Poll !) of doing so after the Court had been opened, and the priso- ners und the Jury regularly called over. It is degra- ding to the Court, ao doubt, to be kept waiting, as the Chief Justice has before expressed himself, like " a public spectacle".-but it would surely have been much better to have done so, than, by the present precipitate act, have for ever, as far as regards this, shut the door to justice. " We understand that the Solicitor General is paid hy the Crown EXTRA for the prosecutions which arc conducted by bim ; and we, .therefore, expect to find that his conduct will be properly noticed by the Authorities here, as well as at Home. " It mnst be a matter of great satisfaction to Mr. Thomas, that the enquiry, so far as himself and the contents of the chest were concerned, had been con- cluded, otherwise such a step as .this might, and, we doubt not would, in the minds of the envious and detracting, have appeared extraordinary, and led to observations which the case would not justify." * This we know lo be untrue.-Edit. We understand that letters have been re- ceived in town from Dr. M'Leod, who was on the eve of sailing for this Counlry when the Triton left. Such is the state of the cotton markets in England, that fine cotton shirting is actually sold at four pence per yard. We find, by our adver isements of to-day, that the firm of Messrs. I« ely and Hind- son has dissolved partnership. The latter Gentleman, who is much respected, conducts the business on his own account ' The last Australian, by way of giving News to the Public, must have extracted, from one of the back numbers of the Sydney Ga- zette, Captain.KiNG's late voyage of disco ' very round Australia, as our Readers will rqmember that we>furois:ied the same full a monto since. In casually referring to an article in our number of the 3d instant, on the subject of tho enquiry before the Magistrates in the case of Mr. Hall, for harbouring ¡j prisoner of thi» Crown, it strikes us that the' meaning which wo there intended to convey, relative to the Act of Parliament, commonly called Peel's Hill, has not been, in the hurry of writing, so clearly expressed as we could have wished, and that, in consetpiense, erroneous impres- sions of what wo meant to state, may possibly he entertained. Wi h the Act of the 5th Geo. IV. containing provisions for regulating the transportation of oflcnders" all, who are in d possession of the last edition of Burn's Justice, ^¡niay become acquainted; consequently, we could not ninan to ho understood its referring to that statute, wlicn we observed that " the Act as it now stands, is a dead letter in tho Colony." The pulicious reader, however, will at once perceive, that, in stating the Act to be " unknown to those parties who saan to have it at their fingers' ends," our observation could only have reference to a practical know- ledge grounded on a judicial interpretation of its provisions, inasmuch as, no casts has yet been brought before the Supreme Court in which i s various bearings have been de- cided. The Bench, however, as we have already observed, did not entertain the ques- tion willi reference to the provisions of Mr. Peel's Act, upon which Mr. Hall has on so many occasions modestly pronounced, ex callie^ dru, though ho admits it to he a " point which puzzles all the lawyers of the Colony,", hut decidetl the case, as they were fully justified in doing, under the Act of < ouncil, No. 3. The Solicitor General, we are of opinion, need not have given Mr. Hall the option of living the issue either uuder the statute, or the Aet of Council ; though, iu doing so, he unques- tionably demonstrated his wish to allow the ,_ defendant any advantage which bethought ho could derive by making his election ; because, lt as we have before observed, it stri es us, that t- the learned Gentleman might have " shewn )r that the Magistrates had it not in their power to determine the case upou the supposed priu 10 ciples of Mr. Peel's Act." To bring the Jf question before a Court under that statute, g Mr. Hall must have shewn that the man was ¡r regularly assigned, not lent ; for if not as- signed, that abso ute property in the servant, which he and the learned Editor of the A ,s 0 tra/inn contends is vested in the assignee, could s no1 even bo pleaded. If, on t o contrary, the _ man1 were assigned, and the interpreta! ion of ,_ the Act which Mr. Hall says, be the true one, " the qtusiioii tuen ' ecoiuc one of a fi¿hl o piojierly, und could only be decidetl by " civil uciioii. It ih prehycle.ir, therefoie, ; from ih s view ol' the case, and we (It) not tl entertain a doubt of it b in g a légitimité , vie v, that we were wai -ranted in our, former " assertion, notwithstanding the o bj etiou 0 was waived hy the Solicitor General, .« that tiie Magistrates had it not lu their c, power to determine the case, upon the, sup '- posed principles of Mr. Peel's Act." Mr. \'T Hull, however, did make his election, and ,t proceed'd to trial mulei the Act of Couu c eil, stating his intention to have the men is "i o! the.case afterwards- detertni;.ed in the 'J Supreme Court. And here again we cannot , help remarking on" the manifest iocor d sistency which has distinguished the whole .- course of his observations, with i eferente to d the gener .e ment, as wi Has his own particular cas». He g lins contended over and over again, that the Act his no reference to lending prisoners of if the Crown, but expressly to assigning them. ., Whalevei power« vested, in the assignee, it á is clear from the words of the Act, is only ^ vested by assignment ; and yet, in the very ,_ teeth of an acknowledgment, under his own h signature titra loan, he talks of trying the »' right of an assignee in the Supreme Court ! B Granting all tiwi Mr. Mall con tends for, in e reference to unsigned prisoners of the Cr»wn¿ ¡f to be law, where is the assignment of John a Wood ? Is it to he shewn by tile protfuc :. tion of a document which bora upon its c face evidence that there wasuo assignment ? ¿ Hut, says Mr. Hall, the Act gives the Go t vernor no power to lend a prisoner of the ii Crow». Supposing' this position also to b" \- correct, we would ask, tloes it not at once destroy every shadow of claim, inasmuch as t the power that rest ra ns the Governor from l lending, must also, as we huvu bi fore «>b ! served, naturally lest oin Mr. Hall from re 1 ceiving the loan, and, consequently, vitiates ' the whole contract ? IT, then, His Excel . lency, having no power lo lend a prison' r of i the Crown, did lend bim ; und,/(««/»g power : to assign the same piisonei-, did njt assign 1 him, as appears by a written document, where lies Mr. Hall's claim, or what are the met its he has signified his in'ention to bring before the Supreme Court ? We have little doubt that we have' dwelt sufficiently on this now stale subject, to mike it clearly comprehensible to' the dull st imagination, and to shew that all the. vapouring of M.. Hull are but the emanations of a mind smarting uuder those vexations which are the natural consequences of his own acts, and the uniform '.ystein of insensate oppo- sition he has pursued towards that Govern- ment, whi<-h, for »o long a period, has al- lowed itself to he ungratefully annoyed ba- tióse who were indebted to-it for the means of aiming i heir impotent shafts ut their benefactors. The Governor fully -contemplated vi- siting the Capital yesterday morning, but we arc sorry tostat ,that His Excellency »as detained in I'arramatta by protracted illness, though His health is gratifyiugly undergoing improvement. Weare sorry to learn that Mr. Onslow is about to relinquish his post iii the Customs. From, his obliging, and gentlemanly, and business-like deportment, we had hoped Mr. 0. would loiig have proved an acquisition to the Colony. It is said that Mr. Raymond, Coroner for Parramatta and its district, will succeed Mr. Onslow. In the satisfactory letter of the Reverend Mr. Power, rebutting the infamous charge ofthat Gentleman's having given up the letter for publication which ho received from the Colonial Secretary respecting the marriage of Catherine Henessey, several errors occurred, which the Rev Gentleman states mi Jit have partly arisen from the very hurried manner in which it was written, and his bein'; obli ed to [ send it off in the rough Our readers will not be l displeased with re-perusing a document of so I much importance, particularly as wo have/ as i i far as possible, corrected former inaccur. ciee. ' < A copy of the last Report of the London Missionaries in Tahiti - and Moorea, having been kindly put into our hands, we feel much pleasure in making a few selection from that part of it which appears under the head ol' the South Sea Academy. Were there not some Reverend Gentlemen on the spot, ,who vouch for the authenticity of the Report, wo should bo inclined to question some of the particulars, but as they are positively stated to be facts, we present thom to our Readers as forming part of the most surprising and interesting ever re- corded in this or any other part of the world : " The Second Annual Meeting of this Institution was held at Griffin Town, Afarcaitu, in Eimeo, on the 28th, 'ültli, and and ¡Ililli of March. " The following Missionaries were present, viz : Messrs. Crook, Darling, Davies, Henry, Orsmond, Pitman, Pritchard, and Wilson, Mr. Blossom, and Mr. G. Bicknell. Most of the brethren having arrived in the forenoon of the 2Sth, the examination of the children in the Institution commenced in the after- noon, Br Wilson, was requested to take the chair, as President of the Meeting. Each boy and girl repeated as follows: " Samuel Wilson, aged 14 years, repeated the Epis- tle to the Hebrews ; and also the Epistle of James ; 31 Hymns; 51 pages of Ayliffe's Catechism on Di- vine Revelation ; the whole of the Missionary Hymns ; Murray's Grammar to the end of Syntax ; 10 chs of Pinnock's Cat. on Geography; 22 chs. of ditto on Chronology; the whole of the Assembly's Catechism with the proofs ; 20 pages of a Catechism on the Arts and Science!» ; 7 shs. of Pinnock's Catechism on Rhetoric. " Charles Wilson, aged 12, repeated the Epistle to the Hebrews ; and also the Epistle of James; 22 Hymns; Murray's Grammar to the end of Syntax; 20 Pages of Chronology ; a Catechism on the Evi- denecs of Christianity ; the Assembly's Catechism; 20 pages of the Arts and Sciences. " James Bicknell, aged 13, repeated the Epistle to the Hebrews ; and also the Epistle of James; 38 Pages on the Evidences of Christianity ; 20 Hymns ; Murray's Grammar to the end of Etymology; 29 pages of Chronology; 20 pages of Mental Philoso- phy; the Assembly's Catechism; 19 pages of the Arts and Sciences. " William Ebenezer Henry, aged 14, repeated the Epistle lo the Hcbiews; 24 pages on the Evidences of Christianity; 14 Hymns; Murray's Grammar to the end of Etymology; 17 Pages of a Catechism on the Christian Religion; the Assembly's Catechism ; 18 pages of the Arts and Sciences. " Samuel Crook, aged 12, repeated 10 chapters of the I ichrews ; 21 Pages on the Evidences «d' Chris- tianity ; 20 Hymus ; 108 Pages of Grammar; 30 Pages of Chronology ; Watts's 2d Citechism; the As»enibly'tt Catechism ; l8 pages of the Arts and S< icuccs. " Thomas Scott, aged 13, repeated the Epi-tlc to the Hebrews; 2fi pages on the Evidences of Chris tanity; 21) Hymus; Grammar to the end of Etymo j logy; 20' pages of Chronology; Watts' 2d Cate- chism; the Assembly's Catechism ; l8 pages of the Arts and Science;). Dicdef the dysentery during the Vacation. " William Bicknell, aged 10, repealed 12 chapters of the Hebrews; Giammar I» (be end ol' Etymo- logy; l8 Pages on the Evidences of Christianity ; 20 pace» of Chronology ; Watts' Divine and Moral Snugs; the Assembly'*. Catechism ; l8 pages of the Arts and Sciences. " Andrew Bicknell, aged 10, repeated 12 Chapters of the Hebrews; Grammar to the end of Etymo- logy ; 21 pages on the Evidences of Christianity ; Watts' Divine and Moral Songs; 34 pages of Chro- nology ; the Assembly's Catechism ; l8 pages of the Al ts and Sciences. " Charles Barff, aged 9, repeated the Epistle to the Hebrews ; 20 pages on the Evidences >{Christianity ; Watts' Divine and Moral Songs; Grammar to the end of Etymology ; 34 pages of Chronology ; the Assembly's Catechism; l8 Pages of the Arts and Sciences. " George Henry, aged 9, repeated 9 chapters of the Hebrews ; 28 Hymns ; 26 pages of Chronology ; Grammar to the end of the regular Verbs ; the Assem- bly's Catechism ; 18 pages of the Arts and Sciences. " John Platt, aged 9, repeated 10 chapters of the Hebrews; 22 pages on the Evidences of Christianity; Grammar to the end of Etymology; 20 pages of Chronology ; the Assembly's Catechism ; 18 pages ol the Arts and Sciences. " King Pomare, aged 6, 2 Hymns ; spelling in two syllables. THE GIRLS REPEATED AS FOLLOWS, VIZ.:— " Hephzibah Bicknell, aged 12,—-26 Psalms ; 27 pages of Ayliffe's Catechism ; WattS' Divine and Moral Songs ; 18 Hymns from a Collection ; 52 pajes of Ichthyology ; 20 pages of the Arts and Science» ; Milk for Babes; 37 pages of Chronology ; the As- sembly's Catechism, with the proofs ; 70 pageS of Pinnock's Catechism on Grammar. " Mary Ann Bicknell, aged 10,—-10 page« of Ay- liffe'» Catechism; 20 Psalms; Watts Divine and Moral Songs; 27 pages of Grammar; l8 pages ot Chronology ; Milk for Babes ; 1« paget of the Art« and Sciences ; 28 page» of the Assembly'« Culeciiisru, with the proofs. " Ann Henry, aged 12,-18 Psalm«; 07 pages of Ayliffe's Catechism j Watts' Divine and Moral Songs; 17 pages ot the Arts and Sciences; Milk for Baltes; 2ö pages of Chronology ; the Assembly'« Catechism, with proofs; »O'i pages of Grammar. " Elizabeth Henry, aged 10,-18 Psalm» ; 16 page« of AylihVs Catechism; Watta' Divine and Moral Songs; 27.pages of Grammar ; l8 page» of Chro- nology; Milk for Babes; 14 pages of the Arts and Sciences; 28 pages of the Assembly's Catechism, with the proof's. " Rebecca Armitage, aged 14,-26 page« ol Ay- lifie's Catechism; 2« Psalms; Watts' Divine and Moral Songs; 30 other Hymns, from Roby'» Collec- tion; 43 pages of the Arts and Sciences; 37 pages of Chronology ; Milk for Babes ; the Assembly's Catechism, with the proofs ; 70 pages of Grammar. " Ann Scott, aged 12 -16 pages of Ayliffe's Cat.î chism; 22 Psalms; Watts' Divine Song«; 27 pages of Piuuock's C:itechism on Grammar ; l8 pages of Chronology ; Milk for Babes ; 14 pages of a Cate- chism on Scripture History ; 13 page« of the Arts and Sciences ; the Assembly's Catechism, with the' proofs ; Grammar lo the Verbs. " Martha Wilson, aged 10,—17 pages of Ayliffe's Catechism ; 20 Psalms ; Watts' Divine and Moral Songs ; 27 pages of Pinnock's Catechism on Gram- mar ; 16 pages of Chronology ; 8 pages of Milk for Babes ; 14 pages of the Arts and Sciences ; the As- sembly's Catechism, with the proofs; Grammar to the Verbs. " Charlotte Wilson, aged 9,—-16 pages of Ayliffe's Catechism only. She was taken unwell, and not able to repeat thc rest of her lessons. " Ann Bourne, aged 7 -1 chapter of Matthew} 60 questions of the Assembly's Catechism ; 3 Hymns; Kilham's easy Introduction to the Parts of Speech." The " unfeeling thoughtlessness," men- tioned in yesterday tve..log's ' Monitor, would be more appropriate in its applica- tion *o the Editor of that Paper-the in- grate ol' his best benefactor-rattier than to lb'- Ediinr of tiiis Journal. We were told that the young man alluded to was («hot, and that from gentlemanly not prisoners' barrack authority We now hear, liowevi r that he was retaken three hour« fer his escape f om custody. So thoughtless or un- feeling were we in this matter, that we never belieied so respectable a native youth could have been implicated, in any way, in such u transact-on. But what will the enemy of all good order not assert, when in the sp'enetic vein, though we are gld I to per- ceive that his rest is also falling. We also are able tosíate that, the wimess Cosgrove is alive in Bathurst. ' We learn that there are at present about 60 prisoners confined on board the huty. Much praise is due to Captain Murray, for the at- tention he ' has paid to the cleanliness and health of the prisoners, and to the great and important improvements he ha« affected in his j department in so short a tim«. Á few day*) since, A constable, ha served a doubtful-looking stranger riding through-took it into his head to ask a few plain and simple questions', the answers to which not being of a nature to dissipate doubt he farther look it into his head to detain horgg .and rider. At the Police Court, more que». j ti ns were demanded, but the more enquiry was made, the more the perplexity thickened and it was rapidly becoming evident that they had got into a serious affair. Detention was unavoidable, and the constable who first made the seizure, a man distinguished for bravery vigilance, discretion, promptness, and almost every oilier professional qualification, bavin» perceived a well-concealed protuberance un. der the front of thoupper part of the priso- ner's flannel jacket, instantly formed his opi. mon-not a doubt, the bloody-looking ruf» fian had a pistol in his bosom-like lightning he darted his unerring hand into the cover illusion was at once dissipated-the. prisoner was a lump of a girl, about eighteen years of age, or, as more fui,y and at large appears in Goldsmith The bashful look, the rising- breast, Allorunlt* spread »Innot ; The lovely stranger simiiU confelt A maid in all her charms. r A tender confession followed. Thus again sings Goldsmith : Bill let a maid I hy pity share Whom love bus laugh! lo stray; Who »eeki,fur rrst, bul finds despair CoiiipnuioN of her wny. Her name was ~---, she lived at -«... Creek ; she was of poor, but honest parents, an Englishman had gained her affè tions, and had coaxed her to steal.the horse of a neigh- bour, with which she was making her way to Sydney, where she and her Englishman were to take leave of the " laud of peaches, and pound-notes." After this explanation, and after due consultation, the horse was put mt a stable, and the girl was given in custody to the wife of the constable who had apprehended her. Next day, the prisoner was brought be fore the Magistrates, at General Sessions* meantime, the owner of the house arrived spreading the hue and cry through the coun- try, and tracing and following the steps of the fair fugitive : he knew her well, she had been long celebrated as a passionate and practical admirer of the sports oft e field, those bestand most agreeable ' remedies against gout, ennui, andan hundred other ills, " that fie-h is heir to ;" it was herpraclice, whenever such amtue. incuts engaged her fancy, to borrow a horse, free and easy, in an honest neighbourly way, without a word of ceremony ; but, until love bewitched her, she never failed to return a bur. rowed horse, and returned him, too, in the same unceremonious way in which he had been borrowed. Although a perfect mistress of horse v< manship, she generally preferred the mascul ne method of sitting on a horse. 'Iii police, having a vein of wagger t mixed with their conservatory virtucsand military prowess, introduced their prisoner to the sitting Magis. trate, in the costume in which she had been app ehended, without saying one word about their grand discovery. This exposure was re- served for a later stage of iheir proceedings, and tin* delay was the cause of some laughter in and at their Worships. '1 he owner of the horse was too gallant to prosecute his neigh« bour. He rec ivered his horse, however, and the girl was sent back by the worshipful Bench to her father, with a hearty recommendation to a sound flogging. As for the wary English- man who, brought so many honest people to trouble, he has not been found. 