Shipping Intelligence Postscript.- Tuesday Evening. -A ship from the Southward has been in sight all the day. She was nearing the bends about sun-set, and was expected to enter some time in the evening, but would not be able to reach the cove for want of wind. On Saturday last arrived, from Port Macquarie, the Government schooner Alli- gator. On Sunday last arrived, from Moreton bay, which she left the 10th instant, the brig Governor Phillips. On Saturday last sailed, for Port Mac- quarie, the schooner Liberty. On Monday sailed, for Port Stephens, the cutter Lambton. The Governor Macquarie, for Port Dal- rymple; and the Orpheus and Mariner, for Batavia and Singapore, are announced to sail to-morrow. We felt no little regret, shortly after the publication of our last number, on learning that the strictures in our leader were calcu- lated to wound the susceptibility, and re- duce in public estimation, a partner in one of the most respectable firms in town. Our Readers will recollect, that we felt it a duty, en passant, in some slight way, to touch upon the great benefit resulting from the establishment of the Customs, in the sup- pression of smuggling ; and we publicly ex- pressed our gratitude to the Authorities, for not nominating some men to the Magistracy, who, we considered, to be ardently attached to that nefarious system of plunder. To- wards Captain RAINE, however, of the house of RAINE and RAMSAY, our observations were not intended to apply, in the most re- mote degree ; and none, but some basely infatuated mind or other, could have suggested so unreasonable a supposition. Whether Captain RAINE was intended for the Magistracy or not, or whether his ambi- tion led that way, is not a question for us to decide ; but thus much we can say, that the commander of the old Surrey, from his long standing in the Colony, his possessions, the respectability of his house, and his free- dom from political strife (the bane of this Colony), from these qualifications, we are bound to insist, that he would have consti- tuted as respectable and efficient a Magis- trate, as many Captains in the present Com- mission of the Peace, who are only children, of yesterday's growth, comparatively speak- ing, when viewed with the very many years' standing, by which Captain Raine has been Colonially tried. We have to acknowledge, however, that our Remarks of Monday, were somewhat loosely expressed ; owing to which it was, no doubt, that some friend conceited that we had our mind's eye upon Captain Raine, and the famous tobacco transaction of 1825 ; but as our enemies have hitherto over-reached themselves on every occasion, before we conclude this article, we shall demonstrate that they have once more gone beyond the mark. Fearful that any obser- vation of ours might have inadvertently mixed up the house of RAINE and RAMSAY, in any smuggling transaction, we shall now feel much pleasure in doing that firm jus- tice, and in vindicating ourselves from the aspersion of having contemplated their in- jury. The affair, in which the house of Raine and Ramsay was involved with the Naval Officer, about a quantity of tobacco, in the fore part of 1825, was as opposite to that of a smuggling or dishonourable com- plexion, as light is distinct from darkness. Raine and Ramsay had become purchasers of a great number of kegs of bonded tobac- co; and, at that very juncture, a question arose, as to the propriety or legality of the Government exacting a duty beyond one shilling, whereas four were demanded. By means of a permit from the Naval Officer, the tobacco was taken out of bond, when Raine and Ramsay expressed their willingness to carry the question into the Supreme Court. As might be expected, there was a great stir upon the occasion, and, in order to quiet the mind of the Naval Officer, the to- bacco was instantly returned to the bonded stores, and Raine and Ramsay, acting upon the faith of their legal advisers, brought an action against the Government. Such was the nature of the transaction, for which, however, the Sydney Gazettes will themselves more correctly vouch ; and it will be found throughout the whole of them, that no sentiment, dishonourable to the house of which we are speaking, was put forth. We perfectly remember that the question, novel and important as it was at the time, was handled by the respective Journals with their usual warmth of tem- perament; but still the idea of smuggling never entered into the brains of any one; and we are at a loss to conceive, under the circumstances which we have represented, how such a thought could have arisen in any breast. We admit it was a bold stroke to undertake, and perhaps no other house of res- pectability would have been equally spirited ; but the fact is well known, as we all along argued, that the plaintiff's were nonsuited ; and after this transaction, to prove how far from its being viewed as dishonourable, Captain Raine several times had the ho- nour of dining with Sir Thomas Brisbane. If, indeed, Captain Raine had so far com- mitted himself as to have obtained a permit from the Naval Officer, and clandestinely used that permit to trans-ship his kegs of tobacco from one vessel to another \- if, under the mask of that permit, he had conveyed tobacco from the ship to his own stores, instead of the bonded stores - if he had resorted to any mean artifice to se- crete the said rolls in his stores, upon res- pectable informers starting up - if he had attempted, either directly or indirectly, to bribe the high constable, when in the act of entering his premises with a search warrant, by tempting him with a bag of Spanish dollars - if he had found that the officer of justice was too uncorrupt to be thus contaminated, though he had expressed himself, amidst tears und groans, as a ruined man, if the said officer did not accommodate the matter - if he had been publicly dragged forth to the common bar of the Police-office \- if the indefatigable and determined Ma- gistrate of Police had recognized him as an offender against the laws - if the Police records contained his name faithfully in- scribed - if he had closed his warehouse, and transferred his property to obstruct the consequences of being exchequered - if he had been arraigned at the bar of the Supreme Criminal Court - and if he had escaped the rigid infliction of justice through the un- skilfulness of an Attorney General, then we would say that Thomas Raine, Esq. would have been justly obnoxious to the indignation of every honest and faithful subject of His Majesty George the Fourth. But, as none of these vicissitudes not one of these direful calamites, happened to Captain Raine, whilst, on the contrary, his commer- cial character, having been faithfully tried by the standard of public opinion, and the firm of which he is a member based thereon, we think the Public will be bound to ac- knowledge with us, that he is altogether exempt from so odious and contemptible a stain as that which must, for ever, attach itself to the character of the smuggler, when once he is known as such, whe- ther he smuggles in Europe, Asia, Africa, America, or Australia. Had it been the good pleasure of the Governor to have nominated Captain Raine to the Magis- tracy, though we opposed the measure to which we have already adverted, on the ground of its illegality, nevertheless we would have been foremost in averring, that a more safe, less annoying, obliging, unpo- litical, and conscientious Magistrate, could not well have been found ; and we are satis- fied that there are many Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace who will not prove more efficient or respectable Magistrates. However, this is a point of consideration with which we have nothing to do. Our aim simply was to shew, that we had no in- tention to mix up, and in fact did not al- lude to the name of Captain Raine, but that our remarks were and still are intended to be of a general tendency ; and, having so far succeeded, we shall leave the subject to the cogitation of those who wish to have something on which they can expatiate. We must apologise to our Readers for the non-appearance of the usual Police Reports. The interior arrangements of the new Po- lice Office are so inconveniently contrived, that our Reporters have been partly ex- cluded, and in fact quite so, for, notwith- standing the known respectability of our Reporters, and their entire separation from the common bulk of our general Society, they have been prevented from occupying the usual seat in the Court ; and if that is not regained, or someone equally eligible, the Sydney Gazette will, in future, be un- der the unpleasant necessity of abandoning this portion of interesting local news. We cannot but express our surprise that any remark from another Journal, should have occasioned the tantamount banishment of Gentlemen connected with our Paper. The Public Service has become deprived of one of its most efficient Members in the Medical Department, by the retirement of Mr. Moran, M. D. This Gentleman has long been doing duty at Port Macquarie, where he acquitted himself so much to the satisfaction of the Authorities, as to draw down upon him the warmest approbation. Dr. Moran, we believe, has not yet made up his mind whether he will enter upon his profession in town, or retire to his estate. Wherever the Doctor takes his stand, we are aware he will render himself esteemed. The posthumous letter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of York, the authenti- city of which, it is said, has been contradicted in the Courier, at the instance of Sir Her- bert Taylor, has been made the subject of remark by a contemporary, and we do not hold with the opinion that "the great ques- tion on which its arguments chiefly bear, involves the rights (political rights, we sup- pose) of a large portion of our Colonial po- pulation," or that those rights are in the re- motest degree infringed thereby ; we shall, nevertheless, offer a few observations on what has fallen from this Journalist, with reference to the principal subject matter of his article. In doing so, we would be understood to treat the question, which he has canvassed, as one of state policy, not of religion ; for whilst we deprecate any interference as to the mode in which man shall think fit to worship his Maker - whilst we fully concur in the opi- nion that " religion is a private concern be- tween the Creator and the creature"- though none are more inclined to toleration in its fullest extent than ourselves - still we can- not but, consider that a material difference exists between toleration, participation, and emancipation. The question, as we view it, is one easy of reconciliation. How far a par- ticular religion, opposed to the religion of the State, should be tolerated in a country, is purely a moral question ; how far the professors of that religion should be admitted to a participation in those privileges which the Constitution has exclusively conferred to the religion of the State, is one of political expediency. If this distinction be once ad- mitted, and the principle upon which it is founded, we think is sufficienily obvious, we are then naturally led to consider the rea- son why that participation in political rights is withheld. Upon this subject Dr. Paley observes, that, concerning the admission of dissenters from the established religion, to offices and employments in the public ser- vice, doubts have been entertained with some appearance of reason. It is possible that such religious opinions may be holden, as are utterly incompatible with the necessary functions of civil government; and which opinions consequently disqualify those who maintain them, from exercising any share in its administration. There have been en- thusiasts who held that Christianity has abo- lished all distinction of property, and that she enjoins upon her followers a community of goods. With what tolerable propriety could one of this sect be appointed a Judge or a Magistrate, whose office it is to decide upon the questions of private rights, and to protect men in the exclusive enjoyment of their property ? It would be equally wrong to entrust a military command to a Quaker, who believes it to be contrary to the gospel to take up arms. This is possible ; there- fore it cannot be laid down as an universal truth, that religion is not in its nature a cause which will justify exclusion from public em- ployment. But, continues the same writer, the result of our examination of those general tendencies, by which every inter- ference of civil government in matters of re- ligion ought to be tried, is this ; that a com- prehensive national religion, guarded by a few articles of peace and conformity, together with a legal provision for the Clergy of that religion, and with a complete toleration of all dissenters from the established church, without any other limitation or exception than what arises from the conjunction of dangerous political dispositions with certain religious tenets, appears to be not only the most just and liberal, but the wisest and safest system which a State can adopt. Now, in order to try the question before us, according to this standard, it is necessary to consider the situation in which the esta- blished church in Great Britain and Ireland, (for we deny that this Colony would be at all affected) would be placed, should that measure called Catholic emancipation be carried into effect. It is the privilege, and light of the Protestant chinch, to be go- verned by Protestants. It is the immunity of that church to be governed by none but Protestants. Her government (so far as re- gards her establishment) is in the hands of the King and his Council, together with the two Houses of Parliament. These must all, by the Laws and Constitution of the Realm, be Protestants - and thus Protestants, and none but Protestants, can make laws to go- vern the established church. This was, and is, her right, privilege, and immunity, as by law established, from the resolution, down to this day. Now, if by passing the Relief Bill into law, the Members of the Roman Catholic persuasion be admissible, not only into Parliament but into the King's Council, will not Roman Catholics have a share in making laws for the established church ? As Privy Councillors, they can advise the King upon any measure connected with the church ; as Members of Parliament they can propose or support any law made for her govern- ment, or can give opposition to any measure intended for her benefit. Will not this be an invasion on the Constitution of the church ? Will not this be a direct and vio- lent infringement upon the rights, privileges, and immunities, she possesses of being go- verned by none but Protestants ? And, let us ask, with great deference, if it would not be a positive violation of the Coronation oath, and did not that Constitutional Prince, the lamented Duke of York, feel that it would be so, to assent to any measure which would so palpably infringe upon the existing law, as to afford Roman Catholics any share whatsoever in legislating for the Government and discipline of the established church. The King, at his Coronation, swears upon the Holy Evangelists, that he will maintain and preserve the Church of England, in all its rights, privileges, and immunities, as by law established. Mark ! the oath is not that he will, maintain them, as by law they may be hereafter established, but as by law they are then established, at the time of his Co- ronation. Is not the inference, then, that we have drawn from this fact, the only one that could naturally be arrived at ? There can be no doubt of it. No casuistry can escape the conclusion. The Roman Ca- tholics themselves feel the force of this argument, and avow it. They will have their chun h governed by none but Catholics, they carefully exclude even the shadow of Protestant interference. Hence they draw their objections to any interference on the part of the Crown in the Colonial ap- pointments ; hence their refusal of a veto ; hence their exclusion of Protestant Com- misioners on an enquiry into the allegiance of Episcopal candidates, and none but Roman Catholics will be admitted on a commission to inquire into a matter so purely temporal as the loyalty of a subject. Surely the Roman Catholics should do as they would be done by - should give the same measure of justice to the Protestants, as they wish to be meted to themselves. If they object to Protestant interference with their church, the Protestants have naturally the same objection to the Catholic. If they will not permit a Parliament, partly Pro- testant, and partly Roman Catholic, to make laws for their religion- neither can the Pro- testants be expected to suffer Catholics to be intermingled in that Parliament which legislates for their's. If the Catholic Bi- shops, as is the case, protest against the King's interference in their appointments and discipline, because it would violate the oath of canonical obedience to the Pope, which they took at their consecration, with what face can they expect that a Protestant King would ever give His sanction to an Act, giving Roman Catholics the power of making laws for the Protestant church, and thereby violating the constitution of that church, which, by the oath he takes at his coronation, he swears to his people he will maintain, and preserve in all her rights, privileges, and immunities, as they are by law established. No, no ; there can be no question on either side that the Royal assent to such a measure could never be given consistently with the obligation of the coronation oath. His late Majesty trembled at the proposal, and the Duke of York, in expressing his sentiments on the subject, was only actuated by that sense of expediency, and of adherence to those principles, that placed his illustrious Family on the throne, which at all times dis- tinguished him, and his declared opinions were only in unison with those of the great body of the reformed clergy, and of the people. We observed, at the commencement of these remarks, that we could not look upon the subject as at all affecting the Roman Catholic population in this Colony, because we are not aware that the laws, with reference to British subjects of that persuasion, ex- tend beyond the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and we are borne out in this assertion, by the fact that, in the Canadas, which are British Colonies, the established religion is Roman Catholic; nor are we aware, that every situation under the Crown, which a Colonist of New South Wales could in the Colony be appointed to, with the exception of that of Governor, or, perhaps, a Member of either of the Councils, might not be filled by a Roman Catholic, even were the penal laws in force here, as in England. As to any effect, therefore, which the principles of the "posthumous letter"may have on the rights of any por- tion of our Colonial population, the idea is purely visionary. In remarking on the principles maintained by the late Duke of York, we have, as we before observed, con- fined ourselves to an examiuation of the subject in a political point of view. On the question of religion, or the mode in which it shall seem best to every man, to offer up the homage of his devotion, to that Being who can alone judge the heart, and decide on the sincerity of His votaries, we offer no opinion. In this respect, we are advocates for tolera- tion in its fullest extent. We would have man's will, free as the circumambient air he breathes ; and this volition, we contend, is in no country under Heaven, enjoyed to that extent, as in Great Britain. There religious liberty reigns in its most perfect state, un- checked by any other limitation or excep- tion than what unavoidably arises from the " conjunction of dangerous political dispo- sitions with certain religious tenets." We cannot, however, avoid noticing the injudicious manner in which some of the liberal portion of the press handle this im- portant subject. There is always an implication of force. We read of the "com- pulsory alienation of millions of loyal sub- jects from the Government;" and that "Catholic Emancipation must be con- ceded," &c.; &c.; Now we deny altogether that there is any alienation of millions of loyal subjects from the Government. The Catholics, as a body, are proverbially loyal, and the agitators, who, if what is called Emancipation, were granted to-morrow, would reap the only benefit which that mea- sure would bring with it, are very few. We; are told how advantageous tranquillity would be to the trade and prosperity of Ireland. Who ever doubted this? Surely there is no ghost from the dead wanting to attest so ob- vious a truism ! But who are those who in- terrupt that tranquillity which it is so de- sirous should exist ? We deny that it is other than those demagogues whom the Duke of York recommended should be laughed at. There can be no tranquillity in any country cursed with parties who dare attempt, upon system, measures which dis- avow the power of Government, and tend to the dissolution of Society ; and if the blessing of tranquillity is ever able to over- take that country, and reclaim her from her eccentric courses, it must be first by pros- trating all those anomalous unions of bad feelings,bad passions, and evil ability which inhere in Irish political Associations; and this can only be accomplished by extin- guishing the Associations themselves, under whatever designations they may be revealed. All those who are pleased to refer to Eman- cipation as a guarantee for this tranquillity, which is of such elementary importance, beg the question. They sometimes declaim passionately, and sometimes sentimentally ; but let them prove the proposition if they can, and then we may respect their reason- ings. The Whigs, and Liberals, who are anxious to convert the Roman Catholics into political instruments, have recommended them, in a sort of slang admonition, to ad- here together, in order that their concen- trated means may increase their political power, and this power embarrass the Minis- ters, and accommodate the opponents of Government. But the advice is rotten and bad. The Roman Catholics never can force the gates of the Constitution by their own intrinsic strength. It is morally impossi- sible; and the more they assume airs of irresistibility, and of preponderating po- tency, the faster will those gates be kept barred against their unqualified intrusion. They never can enter as conquerors - and wherefore then rely upon their union as a means of their strength ? Are not policy, temperance, moderation, a generous con- struction of other men's principles and mo- tives to action, perfectly compatible with the boldest love of civil freedom - and what could be more foolish or more presumptuous than the idea of being able, by their general adhesion and co operation, to meet the law in open opposition ? And, as to apprehen- sion arising from numerical strength " Tush ! tush !-fright boys with bugs ;" but never tell the assembled Senate of Great Britain of discontented numbers; of six millions, or sixty times six millions. Never prate of fear to England, whose children ask her, as young Nelson did - " Mother, what is fear ?" Never drop the paltry word in her presence, who, single-handed, withstood the world in arms - bound the nations to her chariot-wheels - and came forth from the conflict "more than con- queror." Fear !- - - the word is unknown in her Councils ; and as for danger, danger and Great Britain! " They are two lions littered in one day, And saw the elder and more terrible!" Many old hands have been swept com- formably off by the catarrh. The more se- nior kind of Colonists do not by any means fancy this species of annual attack. Some of them talk of packing off bag and bag- gage in the event of its coming again ; but we would advise them not to await that pe- riod, as their views may he frustrated. We have never met with any one, and we rather fear that there is not an intelligent man in the Colony, who can account for its intro- duction amongst us. Like death, 'tis no respecter of persons ; whether you are rich or poor, residing in stately mansions, or living in the humble cottage, it treats all alike. Last year scarcely any felt its ef- fects, except the civilians ; but, on this oc- casion, the military and the prisoners, who were before exempt, have shared alike in the pains and penalties of the catarrh. All along the Banks of the Hawkesbury and South Creek, the Nepean, and from thence away to the Cowpastures, Campbell-town, Liver- pool, Parramatta, Kissing-point, &c.; &c.; &c.; the whole Country has been laid under tri- bute by this annoying disease, which we be- lieve to be infectious. Some of our nabobs have been terribly affrighted at the very thought of being caught in the snare, for 'tis no very plausible emotion to be subject to the rigours of confinement - to be amply fed with physic of every kind - and then to be comforted with the tolling of the bell ! By the bye, 'tis no joke, when thought of se- riously. We are really of opinion that the Freemasons are an exception to the general rule, since we think, under the banner of Saint John, that they must have escaped, as the Brethren, to our misery, were enjoy- ing the harmony of one of the most horribly gotten- up Bands that could possibly be im- agined, on the evening of Monday, at the Sydney Hotel. The beating of the "big drum," as they call it, was shocking be- yond conception ; and we feel assured, had it been as close to the Asylum as it was un- fortunately to us for several hours, that half the poor sick and afflicted would have been minus ere the festivity had closed, instead of only six or seven having left the word, as was the case on Sunday morning last. We like the Masons pretty well, but we really cannot say us much for their music, though some of the airs went off tolerably well to- wards the finale, and the last tune we thought the best. We were leisurely pacing the streets of Sydney on Monday forenoon last, on a cer- tain well-known cream-coloured colt, al- most as celeblated as the Gazette itself, and upon coming into Bligh-street, near the Lund-Board Office, our eyes were attracted to a trio of animals, for all the world like the descendants of the famous Rozinante, with the exception of their being several feet lower in stature. It immediately struck us that these equestrian spectres were some of the ponies which had lately emigrated from Timor. Beholding our white nag, they, poor things, with all the rapidity possible, attempted to make up ; but, alas, it was too clear that they were either labouring under the effects of some epidemic during the voyage, or that they had, since their short sojourn here, been violently afflicted with the catarrh. One made a kind of hobble, in order to approach us by way of soliciting support, when down, upon his fore knees, the poor animal fell, and whilst his tran- sported brethren were in the act of sympa- thizing with him, though unable to joggle on faster than old Pendy the bellman, we thought it high time to proceed, in our heart bemoaning the fate of the hapless animals, whose condition brought most powerfully to our mind the early stages of this Colony, when brutes of overseers were habituated to level with the earth, by some such instru- ment tis a waddy or bludgeon, the poor starving and dying wretches consigned to their custody. " Ah !" thought we, with a sigh, " this is one way (but the retrogade way) to ADVANCE AUSTRALIA !" The Monitor, in his usual awkward blun- dering style, censures the Bank of New South Wales for assimilating its holidays to those of the Bank of Australia. Now the fact is, that the latter, at the very outset, endeavoured to do this as far as circum- stances would permit, and what Mr. Hall condemns is, in fact, the very suggestion of the Old Bank Proprietors themselves. They complained that their Establishment had more holidays than the New Bank, and the consequence is, that the number of these holidays is to be abridged ; yet this assimi- lation, the Monitor fancies he has a right to rail at, under the impression, of course, that he is censuring a dangerous innovation. Poor man, the worst we wish is, that he may acquire sufficient intellect to judge ra- tionally, instead of being impertinent. The Governor Phillips saw H. M. S. Rainbow off Port Macquarie the after noon following that which she left this port. She was only 22 hours in running that distance. We may therefore confidently anticipate the safe and early arrival of His Excel- lency the Governor from his Northern Tour of Inspection. We understand it is all the rage now, with some of our merchants, to import ponies and that the propensity to ridiculous impor- tations is becoming a growing evil, for the infatuation we regret to learn is about to be extended to the importation of mares and mules from Valparaiso. We sincerely re- gret that any of our intelligent merchants should suffer their money to leave the colony upon a speculation which we will undertake to show, unless they be absolutely mulish, must eventually turn out a losing concern for themselves and the public. We would advise those in the first place, who are poney- stricken, not to swarm the colony with ani- mals which can be of little, if of any use at all, for the business of labour. The ponies are by far too small to answer any good pur- pose, yet they require the same attention, care, and expense to maintain them. Mr. Samuel Terry has, we understand, purchased six of these animals, and if he will but con- trast them with any of the 300 horses that he has in his possession, he cannot fail to see that he has added a useless appendage to his splendid collection of useful animals. The rage for purchasing will very soon wear off, and the future importers, we fear; will be left in the lurch with a superfluous stock on hand. Few sensible men will be induced to buy when they cannot fail to see that a no- bler and more useful breed already abounds in the country, which they will procure at an additional expense to be sure, but then they will be maintained at as easy a rate. This consideration will not fail to determine pur- chasers in the choice which they ought to make, and the merchants ought to give this matter its due weight before they rashly em- bark on an enterprise which may turn out to be a serious loss to them. In regard to the importation of mares from Valparaiso, it is a superfluous undertaking, and calculated to drain the money out of the colony without answering any good end. The merchants might as well be employed in the importation of foreign wheat, when plenty is to be procured in the home market, for it is a well established fact, that the colony abounds with the best horses, and to import, therefore, could scarcely be considered as equitable towards those of our fellow-Colonists who have expended large sums of money, and bes- towed their time and care in rearing these animals. In reference to the mule speculation, we consider it to be equally if not more absurd than either of the other two, particularly when it is considered that they are rarely known to produce their species. If it were to be considered that mules would be a valu- able acquisiton in the colony we would re- commend the introduction of the he-ass, when we could have the best mules of our own rearing. To this we could not materi- ally object, from having attentively perused the history of the mule, a part of which we will lay before our readers for their informa- tion, as they will be enabled to judge how far our observations are correct. The mule, commonly so called, is much valued for the saddle, and for drawing car- riages, in Spain, Portugal, Itay, and the east, and the warmer parts of America. In these countries, where particular attention is paid to the breed, it is as tall as the horse, exceedingly well limbed but not so hand- some, especially about the head and tail. These animals are mostly sterile. There may he reckoned two kinds of mules, the bardeau and what is commonly called the mule. The former resembles its mother, the she-ass; the latter its parent, the mare. The bardeau is much smaller and less useful as well as less common than the mule, and of a more red- dish colour; its ears and tail have a similar resemblance to those of the horse, but the mane is short like those of the mule. It is, however little known, being seldom cultivated designedly, because it is less hardy and less fitted for the various purposes of life than the horse, the ass, or the mule. The ears of the mule are larger than those of the horse; and the ears of the bardeau are shorter than those of the ass. The limbs of the mule are hard and limber, like those of the horse; and the limbs of the bardeau are more fleshy. The neck of the bardeau is longer, and not so thick in pro- portion as that of the ass ; and the head of the mule is shorter and thicker than that of the horse ; so that in the figure and dimen- sions of the head, they have a greater re- semblance to the father than to the mother. Indeed, in completing the comparison be- tween the two animals, it is uniformly found that they resemble the father in a far greater degree than the mother, hence the propriety of importing mule asses, in order to have a valuable breed of colonial mules. No spe- culation can be more preposterous than that of the importation of mules, unless it were expedient that they should form a regular article of trade - that one importation should supply the place of another which had died away. This would be unavoidable unless they were bred in the Colony, and it is exceedingly unlikely that a trade of this kind would be supported under such in- auspicious circumstances, as it is impro- bable that our settlers would purchase animals at an expense equal to, if not greater than, what would be required for the best brood mares to be found in the Colony. We insist upon this the more particularly, as mules have never been known to produce their kind in cold countries, seldom in warm regions, and still more seldom in tem- perate climes. Hence their barrenness, without being absolute, may be regarded as positive, since their productions are so rare, that few examples can be collected, and hence also the expediency of considering the animals as an advisable article for importa- tion. Even the utility of encouraging the breeding of mules in the Colony itself may be considered as problematical. It is true it is considered by those, who have a know- ledge of these animals, that no creatures are so proper for large burdens, and none so sure-footed. They are allowed to be much stronger for draught than our horses, and are often as thick-set as our dray horses, and will travel several months together with six or eight hundred weight upon their backs. They are allowed to be less liable to diseases than horses, and will live and work to twice their age. On the other hand the general complaint that is made against them is, that they kick and are stubborn. In the breeding of these animals, mares, that are of a very large kind, and well made, should be employed. They should be young, full of life, large barrelled, but small limbed, with a mode- rate sized head, and a good forehead. It is found of advantage to have the foal from the time of their being dropped, often han- dled, to make them gentle ; and they may be broken in at the age of three years, but should never be permitted to do much hard work till four, as they are thus secured from being hurt by hard labour, till they have acquired strength enough to bear it without injury. From the brief view that we have given, which we have collected from the best au- thorities, it will remain for those merchants who are desirous of speculating in such mat- ters to consider the probable advantage of importing he-asses. As to the importation of mules it is entirely out of the question. For our own part we are of opinion, that some good might be done by the introduc- tion of a few of the former into the country. It appears to us, however, that at present there is no positive necessity for this, as we have plenty of good horses to suit the wants of the Colonists, and we would much rather see the money that would be expended upon foreign imports, transferred to those Colo- nists who have beeen at pains to rear a su- perfluity of horses to meet the wants of the Colony. At all events, we trust the little we have said will prevent the further impor- tation of these wretched looking animals called ponies, which seem like so many half drowned rats, and which can be of no earthly use when we have plenty of good strong limbed animals to serve for purposes of labour; and we trust also that the hints we have dropped, will relieve our merchants from the mulish mood into which some of them are said to have haplessly fallen. If they have a superfluity of cash on hand, let them encourage the labour of the Colony, by pur- chasing its produce, and with that let them traffic for articles of utility, and thereby add to their own and the country's riches. They will thus prove their patriotism, and confirm the good opinion which their fellow Colonists are willing to entertain of them, while they will also establish their reputation as skilful and judicious merchants. The foundation stone of Mr. B. Levey's edifice was laid on Monday, by the Wor- shipful Master of the Leinster Marine badge 266, attended by the Brethren of the Various Lodges in procession. Loud cheers, and the most cordial expressions of good wishes towards the Proprietor of the Colchester Warehouse, accompanied the ceremony. The Brethren partook of re- freshment at the residence of Mr. Levey, and then adjourned to the Sydney Hotel, where Mr. Cummins' usual taste and libe- rality were pre-eminently displayed in a sumptuous dinner, which terminated the celebration of the feast of St. John, for the present season. Yesterday Captain Piper's property was sold by Mr. Paul, at the following rates : The farm at South Creek, to Mr. John Connor, for £280 ; the one at the Cowpas- tures, consisting of 800 acres, to Mr. Chis- holm, for £720 ; Vaucluse, to Mr. Went- worth, for £1500 ; the house next to Mr. Garling's, to Mr. Bodenham, for £2025 ; 30 shares in the Australian Agricultural Company, to Mr. Balcombe, for £400. The Sydney Market dues, for the ensu- ing year, were sold yesterday, by Mr. Paul, for the sum of £990. On Monday evening last, a man was seen descending with an iron chest from the roof of Mr. Chambers' house, on the Race- course, by two persons named Flood, who are this gentleman's neighbours. The thief was immediately taken into custody, and consigned to the care of that vigilant and enterprising constable, Fitzpatrick. It is supposed Mr. Chambers, female servant is an accessory. The case would undergo in- vestigation yesterday before the Police. A man, named William Kanes, was com- mitted, on Monday, to take his trial, at the Criminal Court, for a streec tobbery. It .ppeared that on the previous evening, about dusk, a poor mun was knocked down in the neighbourhood of the Market-wharf, and robbed of a quantity of dollars. The alarm was given, bul the thief got off; Chapman, however, came up, and was not long before he succeeded in apprehending the prisoner, with whom, and a mob who wanted to rescue him, he had a desperate struggle, but »ucceeded, notwithstanding, in securing his tuan, and lodging him in s ife custody. The money was found on the prisoner's person. Chapman bore, on his visage, the following day, some very legible mirks of his noc- turnal affray. 