ENGLISH MISCELLANIES. CAST METAL PIANOS.— Every day the use of cast iron is becoming more general; bridges are made of it; steam-boats; in England it is used for roads; and at Liverpool churches are built of it. Here, in Paris, we have lately got pianos, the frame-work of which is framed of cast iron. These instruments have been brought to such perfection by M. M. Pleyel and Co., that not only do they rival, but, in many particulars, surpass the best English instruments. The solidity of the frame-work is so great, that they seldom get out of tune, and the sound-board relieved from those enormous pieces of wood with which it was formerly cumbered, in order to resist the strain, possesses much more elasticity, and seconds the vibration of the strings much better. The tone of these instruments is wonderful, both in power and mellowness; and the mechanism is so per- fect, that it admits of the most delicate as well as of the strongest touch.— French Paper. STEAM-BOATS IN GERMANY.— The Steam-boat Com- pany at Frankfort has resolved to build several steam- boats. The boiler and the wheels are not to be in the same vessel as the passengers and goods, but in a sepa- rate vessel, by which the passage boat is to be towed. The price of each vessel is contracted for at 110,000. florins. The voyages between Frankfort and Mayenne. will commence on the 1st of April, and probably be performed three times in summer, and twice in winter. GHOSTS— There is a curious case related, of a man who was a well-known character, and a man of sense- where it was said he used to see a number of people in the room with him. Now he himself has described the whole of the phenomenon, and all the adjuncts to it. He said, after taking a cup of coffee, or tea, or so on, they came into his room in great numbers; and as. he got better, and less nervous, he has only seen the arms or legs of the persons, without seeing any other part of them. Now this is all an irregular action of the retina. A gentleman sitting in his library one day, reading or writing, on turning round his head, saw, sitting in a chair, a woman in a red cloak. And he said, how came you in here, good woman ? The woman said nothing. What is the meaning of your being here, woman ? No answer was made. You have no right to be here ; go out of the room. She took no notice of him. He got up and rang the bell for the servant. The servant came in. Turn this woman out. What woman, Sir? Why, the woman in a red cloak. There's no wo- man, nor any red cloak, Sir. Well, go and fetch the doctor for me, tell him I am ill, and I wish to speak with him. The man, however, was not to be frightened by this, because he knew it was a delusion of his sight. Now I have had it so often, that it has been a matter rather of amusement to me, than any thing else. I have stood before a glass, and seen the upper part of my head, and eyes, and nose, very distinctly; but I never saw that I had any mouth or jaw; and I have seen my shoulders very well, but all was blank between my nose and shoulders. Why, now I say, what can you make of this, but that it is errors of action, or inactivity in parts of the retina ?— Abernethy's Lectures. THE LEAST TAXED NATION IN EUROPE. NEW TIMES.— We are really sickened at the continued outcry for a reduction of taxes, and a diminished expen- diture, Whenever temporary distress comes — no matter from what cause, an over-issue of paper, a bad harvest, an unnatural interference with the market for labours, re- suiting from the sudden discharge of soldiers and sailors — still the remedy, the only remedy, is, reduce taxes — diminish the Government establishments. People alto- gether forget what a very small proportion the whole revenue, collected by the Crown, bears to the real income of the country. If the calculations of political econo- mists be entitled to respect, the total annual income of Great Britain, estimated in money, exceeds 1,000 mil- lions, the article of corn producing 100 millions. Sup- posing then it were possible, at once, to discontinue the collection of the 50 millions of taxes now levied, would it effect more than one-twentieth part of the whole? Of this fifty millions, also, it must be remem- bered, thirty millions are at once paid back to the public as dividends — the Government being merely the medium of receiving from one, and transferring to another, and not in any material degree affecting the produce. Again it is said, that more is taken from individuals in this country for taxes than can be borne. We deny the fact. We assert that, in proportion to our means, we are the least taxed nation in Europe. Each individual gains infinitely more by the application of machinery and steam than he pays on account of taxes. Take the poorest man — does he pay on his porter or beer, or on all his taxed articles together, what he saves on cheap cloth- ing alone ? Without machinery, he must give four days' labour, at least, for a pair of stockings; now he gets them for one: and the labour required in exchange for every other article is diminished in a greater or less pro- portion. Let an average of years be taken, and who will not say that an English labourer consumes more — that is to say, is better fed, clothed, and better lodged, than the labourer of any other country in Europe, in spite of all the taxes. We have heard many very large estimates of the additions made to the productive power of the country by machinery, the lowest quadruples the extent of that labour ; thus making the labour of fifteen millions equal to the labour of sixty millions; whilst the total Crown revenue collected is not equal to the labour of three millions, thus giving an excess of produce in favour of machinery, of forty-two millions. In point of fact, however, the whole disposable revenue to be dis- bursed for the Army, Navy, and Establishments, would not maintain one million of men. Under these circum- stances we do earnestly hope that Ministers, convinced, as they must be, that they have it not in their power materially to aid the country, will not, by giving way to an idle and ignorant clamour for a reduction of taxes and a diminuation of expenditure, take measures which, so far as they have any operation at all, must inevita- bly increase the tempory distress under which we are now suffering. BURYING ALIVE— It was lately stated, that, on reopen- ing a grave, in Frithelstock church-yard, Devon, for the purpose of interring a relative of a former inhabitant, who had been interred about 70 years, the coffin not being decayed, it was found necessary to take it out, in order to make the grave deeper ; and that, on examining its contents, the skeleton of the occupier was found per- fect, but with its face downwards, which gives reason to suppose that the defunct was buried alive, and, in strug- gling, had turned to the position in which it was found. On this paragraph The Liverpool Mercury remarks :— " We never knew any instance of this nature which rested upon that kind of testimony upon which alone any rational man ought to believe it. For our own part, judging from the shape of the coffin, we doubt whe- ther any living person, confined in one of them, even if he could breathe freely, could turn himself. In dependent, however, of this objection, there is another, which justifies us in doubting that any person screwed down in a coffin ever moved afterwards. Cases of trance and suspended animation have been too frequent to ad- mit of doubt; and it is notorious that persons supposed to be. dead and laid out for interment, have recovered, and lived, too, for a long time afterwards. If a man, however, in a state of suspended animation were once buried, and the earth, as usual thrown over him, we contend, that if he recovered for a moment, that moment would be his last, as he must instantly expire for want of air to breathe. All the stories, therefore, of moans being heard from the graves, are, in our opinion, idle tales, either created by the imagination of the super- stitious, who themselves believed what they related to others, or they have been invented by mischievous wags, to impose upon their credulous neighbours, and to have a laugh at their expense." STRANGE INTIMATION.— A Correspondent writes — " Having heard a Preacher on Sunday last deliver rather a strange intimation to his flock, I thought you might use it. After giving the Apostolic benediction, he said thus:— " The Members of this Congregation will recollect, that his Majesty the King of Grace will be here this afternoon, at half past two exactly." This took place within two hundred yards of Woolwich Church. The Minister is of the Baptist sect." SINGULAR DUEL.— The famous duel between the Marquis Livron and M. Du Trone, took place at Paris on Saturday, at twelve o'clock in the forest of Senart, very near the chateau of Madame Du Cayla. The whole affair has the appearance of an act of madmen, and resembles more a tournament than a modern duel. Du Trone, the young advocate, was habited in the costume of a Greek Chief; each was mounted on horse- back, and had three seconds. The parties were armed with sabres, and on the onset, Livron was dismounted by the concussion of the horses. Both were slightly wounded, and the seconds then thought proper to interfere. This tourna- ment took place in the presence of one hundred and fifty spectators ! CLERICAL PUNNING.— On the day previous to a very recent Ordination, the coach did not arrive till half an hour after the usual time. In the coach, however, were two very important articles, one in the shape of a Deacon (who ought to have made his appearance long before,) and a fish, for the Bishop's ordination dinner. The young clergyman received a very severe reprimand, and his Lordship made a gracious apology for the delay of his dinner. Upon which the tardy candidate remarked with the utmost gravity, that both himself and the fish had come in sufficient time to get into hot water. MILITARY VOCALISTS.— Two officers have undertaken, for a bet of 100 sovereigns, to sing for two hours in each county in England, and to raise at least 12 l. sterling by con- tributions, being about six shillings for each county. They were singing at Windsor on Thursday sennight, miserably clad, with large sticks in their hands. They have both good voices, particularly the one in the old straw hat. They have seven more counties to visit, and it is supposed they will win their wager. On Saturday night last, as Mrs. King was walking down the Circular road, she was met by a man who presented a pistol to her breast, and called on her to deliver. She asked who he was. He replied very candidly " a highwayman." Mrs. King no way daunted, with Amazonian courage, ' tipped him a facer' and felled him to the ground ! As soon as he got up, the fellow took to his scrapers, and Mrs. King walked off the mistress of the field.— Dublin Register. SOME time ago, when it became necessary to purchase a tenement and a small tract of land to improve one of the Docks of the Bristol Bridge, the proprietor, a person in humble life, brought forward his original deed, which was a grant from King Stephen, rudely and almost unin- telligibly written on a piece of parchment, with the sig- nature of that Monarch attached.— Bath Chronicle. CIRCULATION OF THE BLOOD.— The fact that the blood does circulate in the veins of every animal, is called, and justly, the discovery of HARVEY. It is sin- gular, that medical men since his day have been so thoroughly satisfied with the truth of his reasoning, that they have not endeavoured to obtain the most satis- factory of proofs of it, viz. that of the eyes. The other evening, at DR. SOUTHWOOD SMITH's Lectures, in the Borough, on Human and Comparative Physiology, we were gratified with a sight of this remarkable phe- nomenon. The transparent web of the leg of a frog was placed under a microscope, magnifying eight hun- dred times. The appearance of the small point of the object taken up by the glass was singular and beautiful in the extreme. It had the likeness of a large and splendid plain, intersected in every direction by currents of lava of all dimensions,— some of a lighter and some of a redder colour,— some hurrying upwards to the heart, and some hurrying downwards from it; but all with a surprising activity and brilliancy. This was the blood circulating through the very small portion of the animal submitted to view. DR. S. SMITH deserves great great credit for being the first who has ever exhibited this phenomenon in a course of instruction. It indicates an improvement in the system of teaching, and is in itself so striking an experiment — and apparently akin to many other equally so — that we cannot but hope much new light will ere long be thrown upon the most inte- resting branch of human investigation,— the science of physiology. RESUSCITATION.— The Marquis de Bolgida, Comptrol- ler General, had a sudden attack of apoplexy, which en- ded, as it was thought, in his death. He was dressed in the habit of a Monk, as is the constant custom of our country, deposited in the .vault of the Church of St. Juste, his parish. However, at eleven o'clock last night the Marquis awoke from his lethargy, raised himself from his coffin (for, in general, our coffins are not fas- tened), and his fear giving him additional strength, he mhde his way to the grating of the vault opening to the street, and called for the first person he saw, who, fright- ened in his turn ran as fast as he could, calling out that ghosts were coming forth from the vault of St. Juste. 'The Marquis, finding himself thus treated, recollected the name of a carpenter known to him, and who lived op- posite and called on him so loudly, that he succeeded in waking him. The carpenter went out, and though not much pleased to hear himself called upon from a place the inhabitants of which are generally very taciturn, he by degrees collected his thoughts, understood what the Marquis wished him to do, and went immediately to give the Cure of the Parish an account of what had taken place. The Marquis was liberated from the vault and taken to his home; where he now remains ill in bed, and on the point of really dying, through the supposed death which he lately suffered.— Madrid Nov. 2. THE Lord Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor commenced their sittings on Wednesday. The long vacation seems to have given both these learned personages an ample stock of health and vigour, to fit them for the labours of another legal year. The Lord Chancellor in particu- lar, looked remarkably well. His appearance must have struck despair into the few, who are anxious that the supreme judgment seat should no longer be adorned by unequalled learning, sagacity, wisdom, experience, and urbanity.— New Times. 