SHIP NEWS. On Sunday last arrived the cutter Fanny, Captain Simpson, from Hobart Town. Lading, Sundries. Monday the brig Lord Rodney, from Macquarie Island. Same day sailed the ship Hugh Crawford, for Hobart Town. We are favoured (says a Cape Paper) with the following extract of a letter from a House of the highest respectability at Rio de Janeiro, dated 30th of July, 1826. We are as deficient of flour and grain in this market as you are at the Cape. The heavy losses sustained by people about 11 months ago having discouraged specula- tions, we are in fact without any supply of ordinary wheat or flour whatever. The late sale of United States fine flour, fresh and good, were at 14,5000 reis per barrel ; of An- twerp wheat, 3,200 per alqueira ; our prices, therefore, hold out great inducement to speculate from your Colony, should you have an abundant harvest next season." LIMA— The American Journals bring advices from Lima to the 20th of August. At that date Callao still held out ; but sickness prevailed to a great degree among the inhabi- tants, who had retired within the Royalist line; and the scurvy raged among the troops, in consequence of their having nothing but salt provisions to live upon. Bolivar was still in Upper Peru, though daily expected to return to Lima. At Panama, part of 4000 troops of the liberating army of Colombia had arrived, and the rest were daily ex- pected on their return to Colombia.— (South African Ad- vrtiser.) America.— There is a singular beauty in the principles of the American Post Department. The post-office in America does not, as in England, constitute a branch of revenue. Its object is merely to defray its own expense and to afford the public, at the most trifling expense, all the blessings of commercial and social communication with the most extensive diffusion of the lights of the perio dical press. In England, the daily political press is subject to a very trifling postage, but this is a owedly to-encrease. the stamp-duty, the weight of which, but for the general thirst for knowledge, would have supressed the periodical press altogether. The superior excellence of Russia leather is said to be owing to the slow manner in which the process of tanning is conducted, which allows the skin to be perfectly satu- rated with tannin. The vegetable substances containing 'tannin' in great abundance are willow and oak bark : wil- low bark contains less ' tannin' than oak bark, but it is ef- fectively used by Russians in the manufacture of leather. The bark of the larch contains the principle of tannin in greater abundance than oak bark. Sir Walter Scott was asked the other day how he could receive into his house, or even associate with, such a re- volutionary character as Tom Moore, upon which Sir Wal- ter remarked, "Oh, Moore and I agree to uif t,' for he is a Jacobite and I am a Jacobite.'-— Age GOVERNOR GENERAL OF INDIA.— We have to announce on good authority, that the Right Honorable the Governor General has recieved notification of his intended recal. It it, generally supposed that the Duke of Buckingham or Mr. Wynne, the President of the Board of Control, will succeed Lord Amherst in the Government of India. Our letters also mention that the Marquis of Hastings had declined the re-appointment; that Lord Wm, Bentick, Sir Charles Stuart, and Sir Thomas Munro, were candi dates; and that Lord Wm. Bentick was likely to be ap- pointed in the event of the Duke of Buckingham, or Mr. Wynne not coming out. We have heard rumours respecting the cause of Lord Amherst's recal, but they are so absurd, that we cannot yield them the slightest belief, and therefore shall not give currency to them until we are satisfied that they are founded in fact. We are not prepared to express our sentiment's very fully on thesubject, neither perhaps are we oake at liberty to do so ; we have nevertheless no hesitation in saying that however much we are desirous of enjoying the- benefit of a more liberal system of Government than it has been deemed expedient to accord to the Honorable Company's possessions in British India, we yet feel grateful to Lord Amherst for the liberal construction he had put upon our Press regulations, and the considerable and unprecedented degree of freedom of discussion we have enjoyed under his Lordship's Government. We hope that in this respect we may find our next Governor General as liberally disposed, and that he may perfect whatever Lord Amherst may have intended to do, but which, under the pressureof the im- portant and multifarious duties the Bhurtpore and Burman wars have caused, may leave undone, towards establishing its entire freedom and usefulness, by a reduction of post age (which would cause increased circulation, and an in- crease of revenue also, as can be easily proved) and by the abolition of the present odious Press Regulations, which no wise Government would, and which no British Govern- ment could enforce, without at the same time inflicting disgrace upon itself, and incalculable injury upon the public interests; reaping in return for so doing, universal disaffection, instead of those grateful and affectionate feelings which would otherwise be engendered, and produce the happiest effects. Sincere esteem and grateful affection will bind a people to their rulers much more effectually than any adamantine chains. — Bengal Hurkuru — (Via Cape Paper.) The late Mr. Adams and Mr. Jefferson. — Collection of Coincidences.- — There are many sur prising coincidences in regard to the lives and deaths of Mr. Adams and Mr. Jefferson. They commenced their po- litical lives together — both rose gradually — both became foreign ministers of the highest grade, and both were sub- sequently elected to the highest station in the nation. They were the only two who signed the declaration of Inde- pendence on the Fourth of July, 1776, who were alive on the same day in 1820. Both were on the committee who drafted that document. One of them was the writer, and the other the seconder of the motion for adopting it. Po- litical events subsequently made them rivals, and bitter ene- mies of each other. Both were the leaders of opposite and powerful political parties. Both were the most prominent objects of the bitterest invective of their foes, and the most boisterous praise of their friends. Both, after retiring from the high stations the contention for which had estranged them, found themselves in the same political ranks— became friends— and both died on the same day, on the fiftieth an- niversary, of the most important event in which they were engaged together. Mr. Jefferson died the same hour in the day during which the Declaration was adopted, and Mr. Adams on the same hour in which it was promulgated to the people.— And both were natives of the only States whichever furnished the Union with a President. A fur- ther remarkable coincidence is the fact, that of our ex- Presidents, John Adams was eight years older than Thomas Jefferson ; Thomas Jefferson eight years older than James Madison ; James Madison eight years older than James Munroe ; and James Munroe eight years—older than John Quincy Adams. Mr. Adams was the only president who has been succeeded in the highest office by his son, and he was the only president who had a son to succeed him. And the son has been elected to the high trust by the same, party which elected the father. — This is the most wonderful chapter of coincidences that we ever saw. Thomas Jefferson was born in Chesterfield county, Vir- ginia, on the 2d day of April, 1743; and was, at the time of his death, 83 years, 3 months, and 2 days old. His fa- mily were among the, earliest emigrants to Virginia; of which colony his grand father, Thomas Jefferson, was a na- tive. His father was named Peter Jefferson, and was known as one of the Commissioners for determining the boundary line between Virginia and North Carolina, in the year 1747; from whom he derived an extensive and va- luable estate. Beards.— The growth of beards was regulated by sta- tute at Lincoln's Inn, in the time of Elizabeth. Primo Eliz. "It was ordered that no fellow of that house, should wear a beard of, more than a fortnight's growth.' Trans- gression was punished with fine, loss of commons, and finally expulsion. But fashion prevailed, and in Novem- ber, the following year, all previous orders touching beards were repealed. When beards were worn, to cut one off was an irreparable outrage. In one of the old plays, where the object is to overcome the patience of a man, when it has been said that the most serious injury, now compensated by pecuniary damages will not do it, the next proposal, as still more provoking, is to make him drunk, and cut off his beard. Fraudulent Debtors.— A book is, said to have just appeared without title-page, designation, or printer's name, consisting entirely of a list of men notorious about town for running in debt and not paying ; or, as the phrase among them is, not caring who suffers. The first number contains 4600 of such names, greatly to the annoyance of many, who may, perhaps, be shamed into honesty. It is threa- tened to be continued periodically .— ( Morning Herald.) LOWTHER ELECTION BILLS. — One inn-keeper's account at Appleby has made its appearance to the time of four thousand pounds : one item stands thus — To 9,000 dinners, at 2s: £900 ! Between seven and eight pipes of wine were drank, besides claret and spirits. One small inn between Appleby and kendal, opened, as the yellows say, ' merely for lookers in,' ran up a'bill for £500 the contest has cost the Lowthers ' £50,000. New Zealand.— A deputation of Merchants and Ship Owners interested in the southern whale fisheries, and the trade with new Holland, waited on Mr. Huskisson for the purpose of endeavouring to induce the Government to form a small establishment on New Zealand. Mr. Huskis paid great attention to the observations of the deputation, and promised to communicate with Earl Bathurst on the subject. Catechism,— An Anecdote. — A country schoolmis- tress was in the daily habit of making her pupils reply to a Catechism ; they stood in a class according to seniority, and each had by rote his answer to the question which was accustomed to be put to him. Unfortunately, however, one morning the third boy took the place of the second, and the old lady questioned them in the usual manner:— "What do you believe in' ?' said she to the eldest boy.— ' In God the Father,' he replied, ' And you? addressing herself to the next.—' In God the Holy Ghost.' " What !' exclaimed the Preceptress, 'Do you not believe in God the Son?' — 'I do not,' he replied, 'But the next hoy does.' Captain Thomson, of the ship Henry Porcher, from Chi..H, died at sea on the 29th of June. ''An Irish Judge, in summing up evidence in a capital case, concluded, with this pithy alternative; ' Gentlemen, the prisoner is guilty, or he is not. If he is guilty, the world is happily rid of a villain; and, if he is not guilty, then he has a good riddance of a bad world.' During the late Assizes for Somersetshire, a witness, in his examination in chief, described himself as a shoemaker. On being cross- examined, however, as to the nature of his occupation, he replied that he was a blacksmith. " How is this, Sir,' said the Counsel, ' did you not tell us that you were a shoemaker ?" I know I did, zur,'' replied the witness, ' and I zay a blacksmith is a shoemaker — vor orses.' ? In this Court, by a shoemaker is understood a mechanic who makes shoes for men and women,' rejoined the lawyer. ' Noa, zur,' retorted the witness, ' that meant right; thik there he a cordwainer.' The learned Counsellor was completely nonplussed. Medical Profession in London.— A book has been published on the priveleges of the Collegeof Physicians in London, entitled ' An Exposition of the Medical Profes sion in the British Dominions.' The chief object of the Author seems to be, to prove that the London College of Physicians, by the rigorous enforcement of its original Charter, and of the subsequent statutes enacted in its fa- vour, or by the usurped extension of its powers in the shape of by-laws and internal regulations, had restrained, within unjustifiable limits, ihe number of practising physi- cians — had created a monopoly in its favour, and deranged the relative proportion which ought to exist between the members of the different branches of the medical profes- sion. ''At the end of last year, we are told that the number of physicians who practised in London amounted in all only 1741, which number, as compared to the amount of population, allows only one physician for 7000 inhabitants. The number of surgeons who practised in this metropolis at the same time, is stated at 1000; the number of apothe- caries at 2000, and that of chemists and druggists, at 300. That the Medical Staff of London would amount to 3474, of which the number of physicians would only be as one to 18. In Paris the proportion is widely different. In that capital the number of physicians is 600 — that of surgeons 128, and that of apothecaries 181. Thus in Paris the class of phy- sicians, instead of being to the other branches of the pro- fession as 1 to 18, is nearly five times as numerous as the surgeons, more than three times as numerous as the apo- thecaries, and twice as numerous as both. In the other cities of Europe, where medical practice is most deserving of attention, the proportion are nearer those of the French, than the English capital. The first remark that strikes us as the result of this statistical account, is the amazing dif- ference between medical corps in Paris and London com- pared in both cases with the number of inhabitants. In this city we have, 3474 medical practitioners of various des- criptions to take charge of the health of 1,200,000 inhabi tants ; in Paris, 900 practitioners do the same office for 800,000 people — being in the former case as 1 to 315, and in the latter as 1 to 900. "With such extraordinary medical assistance in the me- tropolis, it would be rather singular if many of us were left to die a natural death. The thing is truly appalling! — Only think of nearly 4000 regular physicians, surgeons', apothecaries, and druggists,— without including the irregu lar troops of corn- doctors, tooth-doctors, and quack-doctors — let loose upon us every day, to the imminent danger of our lives or liberties, our persons, our purses! There is no wonder, though our bills of mortality are longer than our other bills. Taking the number of deaths in this me- tropolis at the annual average of 30,000, only about seven persons and a half are left to be dispatched by one prac- titioner ! New Banking Companies.— It appears that the ex pediency of establishing a Joint Stock Banking Company, has for some time been a matter of general conversation amongst the manufacturers at Manchester; at last it be- came the subject of serious consideration with the weal- thiest individuals, who resolved upon the utility of such a measure. , A plan for the formation of a Joint Stock Bank, has in consequence been drawn up and circulated. The outline of the plan is, that the capital stock shall consist of 500,000l., divided into 5,000 shares, no individual to subscribe more than 100, nor less than 5, shares; that 10 percent, be paid within a month from the time of sub-' scription, and 15 per cent, when the deed of settlement is ready to be signed. The company to be considered as formed when the subscriptions shall amount to 1,000 shares, and then a meeting of the subscribers is to be convened, to elect a treasurer, and a committee of management. — When 2,000 shares are taken, the company to commence business, under the management of a President, VicePre- sident, and twelve Directors. EMIGRATION.—AN OFFICIAL INQUIRY INTO THE EX- PEDIENCY OF ENCOURAGING EMIGRATION FROM THE UNITED KINGDOM, &c.;—R. J. Uniacke, Attorney-Ge- neral of Nova Scotia, stated, I am clearly of opinion that if the population of Ireland were allowed to go to Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, upon the same terms as they are now allowed to go to Newfoundland, they would go themselves. Every year brings out a little addition to that Colony; the old settlers can now receive their countrymen and re- lations that come there without any trouble; there are potatoes and provisions for them; and it is increasing in the ratio of about seven or eight families every year. The way they become possessessed of their stock is this: they go to a farmer, and hire the use of a cow for 20s. ; that cow they get in the spring of the year in calf; they keep that cow through the summer, and they kept it the next winter, for the sake of the calf that the cow will have, and then pay the owner of the cow, 20s. and return him his. cow in the ensuing spring, in calf, as they got it. They begin with that calf which is in the cow for their stock; that calf in time becomes a cow ; and they hire a sheep and an ox in the same way ; the produce of the ox is the use that he is of in harrowing in the corn. But now they have got a stock of their own, they have now got sheep, and cows, and oxen, and they have got horses, and they are living in a great degree of comfort. I state this, to show from what an extreme degree of poverty those people can in a little time get into a tolerable degree of affluence. Is that 20s. which you say they pay for the use of the cow, paid in labour or in money ?— They agree to pay in money, but they generally pay in labour. For what purpose are children required by the farmers ? — A farmer takes an orphan child, and he uses it exactly as his own ; it sleeps in the same bed that his own children do ; it eats at the same table, and it is clad in the same dress. For what purposes are they used ?— A girl is brought up to spinning, and milking, and making butter; a boy is brought up to ploughing and all sorts of agricultural work. In fact, the want of labour is so great, that they will take any thing; but a boy of five years old is able to do some thing for his living, and he soon begins to earn his clothes. What is the average rate of labour in Novia Scotia ?— The general rate of labour, for a new comer is about 3s. a-day currency; 4s. 9d. would be the dollar in sterling; but a native of' the country will not work under 5s. a-day; in harvest-time 7s. Are you of opinion that an emigrant sent to Nova Scotia, upon the principles which have prevailed in the emigrations of 1823 and 1825, would be enabled, without difficulty, to pay a quit-rent, of 3l. 10s. 9d in liquidation of the money advanced to him for his removal, at the expiration of seven years.? — THE VERY NAME EVEN OF A PEPPERCORN, FOR RENT, IS REVOLTED AGAINST; talk of interest of money, and then every body will meet you; but when you put in the shape of rent, though it is but a peppercorn, a man would say, "I did not come here to pay rent ;" but if you were to say, " I paid 50l. for settling you here," He would say, " I will give you 50l. and the interest upon it. I am a considerable land-holder in that country myself, and we are under the necessity, by the terms of our grants, of set- thing people upon these lands, or otherwise we should not comply with the conditions upon which we receive our grants ; of course I have been obliged to settle many my- self, upon the terms of giving part of my land. If I have a tract of land that I want settled, I tell the settler I have laid out lots of a hundred acres ; now you may take one, either on this side or on that side, and leave me the one between; pick and choose for yourself, and go on leaving me every alternate one ; he says: "What am I to give you for this lot ?" I tell him, I estimate the fee-simple of that lot at a hundred dollars, a dollar an acre. He will say, "I cannot pay you a hundred dollars, unless you give me something to begin with; I want a couple of cows, I want a yoke of oxen, and I want something to help me to build a house, and I want a year's provisions ; all these things put together, with the purchase of the land, will make the expense, perhaps, equal, to about 70l. or 80l.; the man then gives a mortgage upon his lot, for which he pays six per cent. interest ; that mortgage remains as a lieu upon his labour ; he is not able immediately to pay the principal, but he pays the interest, and there is no dan- ger of losing the principal, because the man's industry gives a value, to the land ; s0 that if you were to be hard with him, and say, " I will exact my 70l. or 80l."' you would still get the money for it. In that way all the landed proprietors are obliged to settle their land, some more hardly burdened, and some more easily burdened, but they are all obliged to look for settlers; and it would be a most desirable thing, with a view to the country absorbing the redundant population of 'Ireland, if those large land holders were pushed a little closer, and made to settle their lands a little more readily, because then they would be under the necessity of taking some part of this surplus population, and settling them in this way. Robert Joseph Chambers; Esq. examined. You are a Police Magistrate ?—I am. Are you of opinion that a system of emigration of chil- dren, for whom there was no means of employment might be beneficially carried on from many parts of the metro- polis ?—I am of opinion such a system of emigration would be productive of great benefit ; I conceive that London has got too full of children. There has been a great in- crease, as I can show by returns now in my hand, of ju- venile offences, which I attribute, first, to the increase of the population ; secondly, to the want of employment for children; thirdly, to the discharge of children from ships in docks. Male children ?— Male and female. The next cause I should assign for the increase of juvenile offences is, from the commitments of sleeping in the open air ; a number of children are brought from brick grounds and other places and committed for sleeping in the open air, who are totally destitute of employment; those children become acquainted as reputed thieves, and increase the quantum of crime. In the populous parts of London, two or three married cou- ples will be found in one room, with their families occu- pying the different corners of the room ; and I have had complaints of robberies being committed upon each other in that state. Another cause is, children congregating to gether in such numbers, especially when committed to the gaols. In the New Prison, in Middlesex, they sleep twenty or thirty in a room. Thomas Law Hodges, Esq. examined. You reside at Hemstead, near Cranbrook, in the county. of 'Kent ?— I do. The tide of emigration is setting to New York. Have pecuniary facilities been given to aid the parties in the emigration ?— They have. What sum has within your knowledge been advanced for the removal of any emigrant pauper ?— The expense of a recent emigration, only a week since, has been at the rate of 13l. 10s. per head for grown persons, including all costs and charges. Canyou describe the manner in which the 13l. 10s. is ex- pended ?—Seven pounds the passage money, in American ships, the regular New York Packets, from the London Docks ; 3l. 10s. provisions; two sovereigns in money given to each person, to be in his pocket on landing at New York ; of the remaining sum, I think 4s. 6d is for fees paid on landing at New York, and a few shillings expenses of carriage up from that part of Kent to London. Henry John Boulton, examined. You are Solicitor-General for Upper Canada? — I am. Have you reason to believe that emigration has answered completely, with the exception of a few persons who have gone off to the States ?— I think decidedly so. Are you of opinion that an emigrant, from any part of this country, and located, would be enabled to pay, at the ex- piration of seven years, without prejudice to his general possession, a quit-rent of 4l. per annum for his land, taking, the land to be 150 acres, of which 100 should be located, and the other 50 attached as a reserve ?— I think, without any doubt, he would. Are you prepared to state in detail in what manner he would acquire property enough to make that payment, and how he would obtain the money for it ?—In the first place, if he is tolerably industrious (and I will here say, that the Irish make equally good settlers after a short time, and readily acquire the use of the axe,) an American will, in the course of a week, chop down the timber upon an acre of land. It is commonly considered a week's work for an able-bodied labourer to chop the timber off an acre of land. I am not prepared to say how long it would take him to burn it, it could not take him that length of time ; but I may say generally, that an able-bodied man can, without over-working himself, clear, fence, and put into crop, ten acres of land in the course of a twelvemonths. I have known many persons in Upper Canada who came there without a farthing, who, in the course of fifteen or twenty years have become men of considerable property, and filling in that country the dignified situation that the gentlemen I address do here. I have known such persons to become Members of the Colonial Legislature and peo- ple of considerable importance in the colony, Magistrates, and forming a part of the aristocracy of the country. Are there banks in the country.?—There is one bank in Upper Canada, and there are three banks in Lower Canada. Do they issue paper ?— Yes. How long do they issue ?—As long as 5s. or 4s. 6d. ster- ling. Nothing lower than a dollar ?—Nothing lower than a dol- lar. Would one of the old settlers, having a hundred and fifty acres of land about him, find any difficulty in paying a quit-rent of 3l. 10s. per annum .—Not the slightest. Are there not considerable prejudices against renting land ?— Yes ; land does not let well, and the reason is very obvious, a man, by common industry, can easily acquire a piece of land as his own. George Markland, examined. You are an Executive Counsellor for the province of Up- per Canada?—I am. Are you a Canadian by birth ?—I am. Are you of opinion that a very general impression exists in Upper Canada, that an access of population would be of the greatest advantage to the province?— There is no question about the opinion of the advantage which it must derive from an accession of population ; it is almost the only thing it requires. The land is excellent, and the cli- mate admirable; it only wants people. Mr. Frederick Carlise; examined. You are a resident of the Cape of Good Hope ?— Yes. What is the general average of wages at this Cape, for artisans and for labourers?—For artisans ten shillings to twelve shillings per day, and labourers four shillings to five shillings a day. Out of those four or five shillings a day, what is sufficient to support a man in health with sufficient food ?—I should think about eighteen-pence or two shillings a day. You think an industrious man, after providing for himself, would clear a shilling upon every day's labour ? — I have not the least doubt of it. What is the ordinary food of a labouring man?— The food is so various that I can scarcely say ; but generally, flesh- meat of all kinds, and of the best quality, and good bread and good vegetables in abundance. Is there at the Cape a demand for female labour ?— There is, but not so great as for male labour ; perhaps in the pro- portion of one to three. What do you conceive to be the average wages of a wo- man servant, and what the number that might be taken up annually in the part of the colony to which you particularly speak? — I should think the number of women that might be taken up annually would be from sixty to eighty. At what amount of wages.?—The wages they are gene- rally receiving are about 15s. per month, including pro- visions. 