FORM OF RECEIVING A CONVERT FROM THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. After the Offertory, the Convert shall come to the rails of the Communion Table, and the Priest shall say, Good people, the Bishop hath given his approbation to the receiving this Convert into the Communion of our Church ; nevertheless, if there be any of you who know any impediment or notable crime on account of which the Profession he is about to make should not be looked upon as sincere, let him come forth, in the name of God, and shew what that crime or impediment is. Then the Priest shall say to the Convert---I re- quire, and charge you, as you shall answer at the dreadful day of Judgment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if you be not convinced in your conscience of the corruption and false worship of the Church of Rome, and if you be not firmly per- suaded that the doctrine, communion, and worship of the Protestant Church, is the true and safe way to Salvation, as taught in the Holy Scriptures, you declare the same, and go not on to mock the Almighty, by pretending to a persuasion, which in truth, you have not. Convert---I solemnly profess, in the presence of God, that I come here in sincerity and truth. Priest---That this Congregation, here present, may be fully satisfied that you are well acquainted with the doctrines which you renounce, and also with those which you come here to profess, I ask you- - Do you utterly renounce the sacrifice of the Mass, as offered up to God, in the Church of Rome, and do you trust only in the sacrifice of our Lord Jesus Christ, made upon the Cross, once for all, and do you own no other merits whereby man is saved, but his only ? Convert---I do. Priest---Do you reject the doctrine of Purgatory, and the practice of praying to the Virgin Mary, or to Saints, or Angels, or to Images and Relics ? Convert---I do. Priest---Do you believe that in the Holy Commu nion there is no Transubstantiation of the Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ. Convert---I do not believe that any such change is made. Priest---Are you persuaded that the Holy Scrip- tures contain sufficiently, all doctrine required of necessity, for eternal salvation, through faith in Jesus Christ ? Convert---I am so persuaded. Priest---Let us pray, that this our Brother, (or Sister), may have grace, faithfully to persevere in the profession of a good faith, which he has now made. Lord have mercy upon us. Christ have mercy upon us. Lord have mercy upon us. Priest---O Lord, save thy servant. Answer---Who putteth his trust in thee. Priest---Create in him a new heart. Answer---And renew a right spirit within him. Priest---Restore unto him the joy of thy salvation. Answer---And establish him with thy free spirit. Priest---Oh Lord, hear our prayer. Answer---And let our cry come unto thee. Let us Pray.-- O most merciful God, who, accord- ing to the multitude of thy mercies, do s so put away the sins of those who truly repent, that thou remem- berest them no more, open this thy eye of mercy upon thy servant ; receive him into thy avour ; strengthen him with thy Holy Spirit ; preserve and continue him a faithful member of thy Church, to the glory of thy holy name, and to his everlasting Salvation, through Jesus Christ our Lord.---Amen. Then the Priest (or Bishop), standing up, and lay- ing his hand upon the head of each Convert, shall say, In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we receive thee into the Communion of the true Catholic Church, established in this realm. Amen. Now, unto God's grace and mercy we commit thee ; the Lord bless thess and keep thee ; the Lord be gra- cious unto thee ; the Lord lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace, both now and evermore. If both Bishop and Archbishop be present, then read Bishop for Priest, and Archbishop, for Bishop. The Convert is then to receive the Holy Com- munion. A letter from Cad'z, of the 11th February states, that a revolution has taken place amongst the military at Ceuta, the regiments of Africa and Lealtad, have refused to embark for the Canaries. 