ENGLISH MISCELLANIES. MEMOIRS OF MRS. SIDDONS.—In 1783, upon Mrs. Siddons's benefit night, " seven rows of the the pit were laid into the boxes, and her book was literally the Court Guide. This benefit produced to Mrs. Siddons no less than 650l. ; but Lady Spencer gave ninety guineas for her side box, and Lady Aylesbury a bank note of 50l. for an upper box." Prior to this event, two sisters of Mr. Siddons had appeared at Drury Lane, but without success ; and Stephen Kemble's debut in Othello was an absolute failure. At length, on the 30th of September, 1783, John Kemble came out in Hamlet, and retrieved the honour of his family. In October, 1783, Mrs. Sid- dons paid a visit to Dr. Johnson. The Doctor says in a letter, " Mrs. Siddons behaved with great modesty and propriety, and left nothing behind her to be censured or despised—neither praise nor money seem to have de- praved her. I shall be glad to see her again." When Mrs. Siddons entered the room, there happened to be no chair ready for her.—" Madam," said Dr. Johnson, with a smile, " You who so often occasion a want of seats for others, will the more easily excuse the want of one yourself." Upon Mrs. Siddons saying that the character of Queen Katharine was the most natural of all Shake- speare's characters, the Doctor replied, " I think so too, Madam ; and whenever you perform it, I will once more hobble out to the theatre myself." Johnson told her that " her gread predecessor, Mrs. Pritchard, was in common life a vulgar idiot, who talked of her gownd, but on the stage she seemed to be inspired with gentility and understanding." We should imagine, that the want of a chair on Mrs. Siddons entering the room, was de- signed : after all, the Doctor's compliment was very clumsy. Mrs. Siddons, among other honorary marks of Royal patronage, was now appointed reading preceptress to the Princesses, Mr. Boaden tells us, that Shake- speare has done great historical injustice to Macbeth ; for it appears, upon research, that Duncan was slain for ill conduct in war by his own subjects, and that the usurper Macbeth, was an excellent Prince, and reigned 17 years. " Had he paid more attention to his own in- terests, and less to those of his subjects, the crown might have remained in his family." That equal injus- tice has been done to Richard the Third is well known. We all remember that Locke and Molyneux esteemed Blackmore a better poet than Pope ; we now find that Hume, the historian, and transcendant metaphysician, thought Hume, the author of Douglass, " worthy to be named with Shakespeare." It appears that the fine ethic play of the Gamester was applauded to the skies for the first four nights, it being thought the production of Dr. J. Spence ; but public admiration greatly sub- sided, when it was found to be the composition of Mr. Moore, a linen-draper. " Garrick's Lear is said to have benefited by the dreadful spectacle of a father, who let his child escape from his arms, while fondling it at an open window ; he became fixed in a distraction which perpetually beheld the accident renewed, and dis- played for ever the original agonies of the father." This was really studying at the fountain-head. The late King was a great admirer, not only of Mrs. Siddons' theatrical talents, but of her private life : she was often at the palace. One of the first acts of the King's in- sanity was, to put a paper into Mrs. Siddons's hands, blank, with the exception of the royal sign manual. It was " intended, it may be presumed, to afford the oppor- tunity to Mrs. Siddons, of pledging the royal signature to any provision, of a pecuniary nature, which might be most agreeable to the actress herself." Mrs. Siddons, with a becoming decorum, delivered this paper to the Queen. We believe the truth of the story to be, that the late King, when his feelings were rendered lively by the commencement of his disease, felt that it was not just to consume the time and tax the services of Mrs. Siddons, for merely honorary reward, or the premium of empty praise, and he intended the paper in question to do substantial justice to the actress.—If such were his intentions, they were frustrated. Sheridan got up his Pizarro, to retrieve the desperate fortunes of Drury- lane, but he was apprehensive lest Mrs. Siddons would refuse to act Elvira, the character of a camp-follower of Pizarro.—She, however, accepted the character, but infused into it so much of heroism and magnanimity as to throw its vice into the shade, and the representation was hailed by the public with admiration. Such was Sheridan's indolence, or his artifice, that he finished, or pretended to finish, the speeches of this play, only as the separate actors were waiting for their parts, and he distributed to them these parts by piece-meal and by driblets. The late Drury-lane Theatre (built by Hol- land, the architeet of Carlton House), perhaps the most magnificent that ever existed, was opened by Mrs. Sid- dons, on the 21st of April, 1794, for the first time. The play was Macbeth, and John Kemble, with great judgment, ventured upon the novelty of omitting the appearance of the ghost of Banquo at the supper scene. But the great and little vulger could not bear to lose the sight of a ghost with gashes on his throat, and Banquo's spirit, with all his corporeal dimensions and worldly ha- biliments, was doomed again to take his seat at the supper-table, to the due delight of the galleries. We forget how many years before the Managers had ven- tured to omit the dangling of the dagger from the top of the stage, in the famous soliloquy of " Is this a dagger that I see before me ?" By the bye, we never saw any reprehension by the cri- tics, of the absurd manner in which Kean, and the actors of the present day, lay the emphasis on the first line of this beautiful monologue. They speak it— " Is this a DAGGER that I see before me ?" It ought to be spoken— " Is this a dagger that I see before me ?" The first emphasis would imply that Macbeth was con- fident that he saw something, but doubted whether it was a dagger or any thing else—a table-spoon, for in- stance. But the Thane fancies that he sees a dagger, and nothing but a dagger ; and all he doubts is, whether it be a real or an air-drawn dagger. On the 21st of April, 1794, Mr. Charles Kemble, a youth of 18, made his debut, as Malcolm, and was received with applause. This makes Mr. C. Kemble exactly 50 years of age ; and he may safely be pronounced the youngest looking man of half a century old, in Europe. At first he was complained of as too boisterous, and a redundant of action, but he gradually rose in public estimation, until his merit has monopolized some of the first characters : " He is our Benedick, Prince Hal, Petruchio, Leon, Or- lando, Charles Surface, Young Marlow, Lovemore, Mirabel, Don Felix, Captain Absolute ; his Anthony, his Macduff, his Edgar, his Cassio, Jaffier, Carlos, and Stukely, are as near perfection as any in our times." This last expression of Mr. Boaden, " in our times," may appear invidious to Mr. C. Kemble, but certain is it, that from the age of Marlow to the month of De- cember, 1826, no period was ever so destitute of tragic talent as the present.—lt is a very common course of inns on the road, for the ostler to make a fortune in the stables, and to buy his impoverished master out of the house, and the new landlord is, in turn, impoverised and bought out by the ostler. The course of Theatres seems very similar. The successful actor makes a large for- tune ; he longs, in spite of all previous warnings, to become a proprietor, he buys his share of the Theatre, ruined, and sells his property to some other fortunate actor. Thus did Mr. John Kemble pant to buy the late Mr. Kemble out of the proprietorship of Drury-lane, and not succeeding, he invested his theatrical earnings in Covent-garden Theatre, and he was ruined. In 1798, Mr. Siddons lost her second daughter by a consumption ; in 1802 her father died ; and in the next year she was deprived of her eldest daughter by the same disease which had untimely taken off the sister. It is astonish- ing that actors, however natural on the stage, are always artificial off. Mrs. Siddons, no doubt, felt ten- derly the loss of her daughters, but she writes a letter on the subject—" The testimony of the wisdom of all ages, from the foundation of the world to this day, is childishness and folly, if happiness be any thing more than a name."—" Content, the offspring of moderation, is all we ought to aspire to here."—" The inscrutable ways of Providence : two lovely creatures gone, and another just arrived from school, with all the dazzling frightful sort of beauty that iradiated the countenance of Maria, and makes me shudder when I look at her." There is some nature in the last sentence, although it is too floridly expressed : but who, after this nature, would expect the mother to indulge in a poetical simile that she was like Niobe ; " Ultima restabar ; quam toto corpore mater Toto veste tegens,' &c.; THE passage is in Ovid. The first sentence of this letter appears to be in the very worst style of Dr. John- son's turgid ethics. It appears that Mrr. Siddon's hus- band was rather restive and impatient at the supremacy of his wife. He retired from the stage, and became a proprietor of Sadler's Wells, where he by no means ad- ded to his wealth. We have a fine specimen of an Irish blunder in a contradiction put forth by the Trustees of at Charity in Dublin. Mrs. Siddons had been vituperated for having refused to act for the benefit of the charity, and in her justification the Trustees published a contradic- tion to the calumny in the following words—"Mrs. Siddons had most certainly never refused to act for them, and indeed, had never been requested to do so." Mr. Kemble paid 10,000l. down as an instalment of his one-sixth share of Covent-garden. The remainder was to be paid by allowing his profits to accumulate in the hands of Mr. Harris. Owing to the appearance of Mrs. Siddons at Covent-garden, sixteen of the public were converted into private boxes, and let at 300l. a year each ; but such is the nature of public taste, that Kemble, Mrs. Siddons, Cooke, Braham, and Incledon, were all eclipsed by the puerilities of Master Betty, and by Cinderella at the other house. Shortly after these disasters (on 20th September, 1808), Covent-garden was burnt ? and no sooner was it rebuilt, than the O. P. riots began, which completed the ruin of Mr. Kem- ble's property. Mr. Boaden's view of this O. P. riot totally omits the most essential, and, indeed, the only essential principle of the conflict—the monopoly posses- sed by the proprietors. We are told that John Kemble's acting was so much a study, that between his speeches, he could nod, wink, or whisper, to his friends behind the scenes ; and yet that in Lear, " an audience quite un- settled him—the noise of the box-door caught his ear, and routed all his meditated effects." This is surely very inconsistent. Garrick used so completely to identify himself with his character, that he used to follow the Ghost of Hamlet behind the scenes as if he were before the audience. In 1811, Mrs. Siddons went through all her most celebrated characters, and she exerted herself with surprising effect. On 29th June, 1812, she took leave of the stage in Lady Macbeth, being then fifty- five years of age, and having been thirty five years upon the stage. At this close of certainly the most unrivalled theatrical career ever known in the history of the stage, we find that this great genius " was not in that state of affluence that she could live unemployed, without some diminution of her comforts." It must be observed, that Mrs. Siddons commenced her London engagement at 10l. a week, and terminated at 50l. a week. (Observer) OLD BAILEY.—EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT.—On Fri- day, Charles Pearce, aged 22, was found guilty of being concerned in stealing a trunk from the house of H. Sampson, Esq. in Bryanstone square. On account of his former good character, the Jury recommended him to mercy. In his defence, Pearce (who was taken in the street, carrying the trunk the morning after the robbery) protested that he was innocent of the robbery ; and on the verdict being pronounced, Pearce said, "My Lord, I have a few words to say."—The RECODER: If you have any thing to say in an arrest of judgment, you will have the oppertunity when sentence is passed. Pearce, in a state of great agitation, said, " Two months ago I was happy and comfortable, but—" and then turning round to walk out of the dock, just as he had got to the door, he uttered some other words, the last of which was, " this." Then raising his right arm, grasping a knife in his hand he instantly stabbed himself, and fell. He was immediately conveyed away, and Mr. Box, the surgeon, and his assistant attended. It was ascertained that the wound was inflicted on the right side, and although severe, it was not expected to prove mortal. The wound was inflicted by a sharp- pointed knife, such as is used by shoemakers, and which he had concealed in his coat-sleeve. For the last twelve or fifteen months he appears to have been un- settled, or, as a youth called to his character said, " he got his living by jobbing about—by portering, and things of that sort." He is a married man, but with- out a family : his great concern, he stated, was, to save his sisters and family from the disgrace of a pro- tracted imprisonment, or perhaps an ignominious death. During the time he was addressing the Court he fre- quently bust into tears. The whole Court were much affected by the rash attempt. (Herald.) Late Duke of York. " A DISPUTE lately happened between the Duke of York and Colonel Lenox (nephew and heir to the Duke of Richmond,) which terminated in a duel. This dispute originated in an observation of his Royal Highness, viz. 'that Colonel Lenox had heard words spoken to him at the Club at Daubigny's, to which no gentleman ought to have submit- ted.' This observation being reported to the Colonel, he took the opportunity, while his Royal Highness was on the parade, to address him,' desiring to know what were the words which he had submitted to hear, and by whom they were spoken ?' To this his Royal Highness gave no other answer than by ordering the Colonel to his post. The Parade being over, his Royal Highness went into the orderly room, and sending for the Coloael, intimated to him, in the presence of all the officers, that he desired to receive no. protection from his rank as a Prince and his station as Commanding Officer; but that, when not on duty, he wore a brown coat, and was ready as a private gentlemen to give the Colonel sa tisfaction. After this declaration, Colonel Lenox wrote a circular letter to every member of the Club, at Daubigny's, requesting to know whether any such words had been used to him, and-appointing last Monday for an answer from each; their silence to be considered as a declaration that no such words could be recollected. On the expiration of the term limited for an answer to the circular letter, the Colonel sent a written message to his Royal Highness, to this purport: That not being able to recollect any occasion on which word had been:spoken to him, at Daubigny's, to which a gentleman ought not to submit, he had taken a step which appeared to him most likely to gain information of the words to which his Royal Highness had alluded, and of the persons who had used them; that none of the Members of the Club had given him information of any such insult being in their knowledge, and theretore he expected, in justice to his cha racter, that his Royal Highness should contradict the report a§ publicly as he had asserted it. This letter was delivered to his Royal Highness on Monday by the Earl of Winchelsea, when the answer returned not proving satisfactory, a mes sage was sent to his Royal Highness, desiring a meeting, and the time and place were settled that evening. " To preclude the unfounded representations which may be propagated respecting an affair that took place this day the seconds think it necessary to give the following authentic account. " IN consequence of a dispute, of which much has been said hi the public pipers, h's Royal Highness the Duke of York, attended by Lord Rawdon and Lieutenant Colonel Lenox, accompanied by the Earl of Winchelsea, met at Wimbledon Common. The ground was measured at twelve paces, and both parties were to fire at a signal agreed upon. The signal being given Lieutenant-Colonel Lenox fired, and the ball grased his Royal Highness's curl. The Duke of York did not fire. Lord Rawdon then interfered, and said 'that he thought enough had been done.' Lieutenant Colo nel Lenox observed, ' That his Royal Highness had. not fired, Lord Rowdon said,' It was not the Duke's intention to fire ; his Royal Highness had come out upon Lieutenant Colonel Lenox's desire to give him satisfaction, and had no animnosity against him.' Lieutenant Colonel Lenox pressed that the Duke of York should fire, which was declined - upon a repeti tion with the reason. Lord Winche:sea then went up to the Duke of York, and expressed his hope 'that his Royal High ness could have no objection to say that he considered Lieutenant Colonel Lenox, as a man of honour and courage.' His Royal Highness -replied ,' that he should say nothing; he had come out to give Lieutenant Colonel Lenox satisfac tion, and did dot mean to fire at him; if Lieutenant Colonel Lenox, was not satisfied, he might fire again.' Lieutenant Colonel Lenox said le could not possibly fire again at the Duke, as his Royal Highness did not mean to fire at him. "ON this, both parties left the ground. The seconds think it proper too add, that both parties behaved with the most perfect coolness and intrepidity. (Signed) " RAWDON. " Tuesday evening, May 26, 1789.". " WINCHELSEA. " A meeting of the Officers of the Coldstream Regiment took place on the 29th, in the morning, at the requisition of Lieutenaut Colonel Lenox, to deliberate on a question which he had submitted, 'Whether he had behaved in the late dispute, as became a gentlemen and an olfier ?' and after a considerable discussion, adjourned to this day (the 30th), when having renewed the subject, they came to the following resolution : " IT is the opinion of the Coldstream Regiment, that sub sequent to the 15th of May, the day of the Meeting at the Orderly room, Lientenant Colonel Lenox, has behaved with courage; but from the peculiar difficulty of his situation, not with judgment." ON the recovery of his late Majesty from his malady, the birthl-day, in 1789, was celebrated withl much splendour. In theeveniug a splended ball was given,at which Colonel Lenox was present-As this was almost immediately after the incident above alluded to, the appearance of the Colonel seems tohave been considered by the Royal Family in the light of an impropriety. The Colonel's partner was Lady Catharine Barnard. The King, then Prince of VWales, diti not perceive thde Colonel until lhe and his partner, the Prin cess Royal, camne to this place in tihe dance; when, struck with the. impropriety, he took the hand of the Princess just as she was about to be turned by the Colonel, and led her to the bottom of the dance. The Duke of York and the Prin. cess Augusta canme next, they turned the Colonel without notice or exception. The Duke of Clarence with the Prin cess Elizabeth camne next, and his Royal Highness followed the example of the Prince of Wales. The dance, however proceeded, but when Colonel Lenox and his partner came to the Prince and Princess, his Royal Highness led his sister to the chair I)y the side of the Queen. Her Majesty then ad diessed herself to the r'nrer, saiyivg " you seem heated and tired." " I am heated and . tired, Madam," said the Prince, "' not with the dance, but with dancing in such company." 1 "Then Sir," said the Queen, "it will be better for me to with- draw and put an end to the ball.' "It certainly will be so," said the prince, "for I never will countenance insults to my family, however they may be treated by others." ROYAL PALACES AND NATIONAL DISTRESS.—Times.— We have just read a touching petition to his Majesty from the distressed inhabitants of Frome. in the West of England, who pray on behalf of more than 60,000 of their unemployed brethren, the journeymen of the woollen manufacture, for some small glimmering of royal beneficence and protection. When these poor men beseech their Sovereign "to impose restraints on all recent and injurious inventions," as a means of superceding machinery by manual toil, it is needless to say how widely they mistake the nature and causes of the visitation under which they suffer. Whatever tends to lower the cost of production in any country, whether with respect to the necessaries of life or its indnlgen- cies, constitutes a direct encouragement to trade, and an eventual extension of the market for skill and in- dustry. The cure therefore, which the journeymen of Frome and its vicinity solicit at the hands of their most gracious Sovereign, is a nostrum which would fail of its effect. But what is that to the purpose? Is the pa- tient's malady less real, because the proper treatment of it lies beyond his reach? Is a man less likely to ex- pire of hunger, because he unconsciously importunes his friend for poison instead of wholesome aliment? Let the men of Somerset implore his Majesty to take measures for lowering the price of bread and meat, by a previous reduction of those dreadful imposts which form the true and paramount obstacles to a restoration of our national prosperity; and they will speak a lan- guage which must find an immediate echo in the en- lightened judgment and humane disposition of the King. But our poor countrymen, who are shrewd and intelligent in the use of their natural reason, may answer with much appearance of justice, that the taxes which press upon them cannot be reduced, so long as the Parliament stands pledged to maintain a volumi- nous list of military and civil establishments, and to ex- ecute a variety of "indespensable" undertakings, sufficient, in fact, to require the whole sum, and more than all, that can be reckoned upon as the result of our system of taxation, however prolific its amount. There are, we grieve to say, plans for employing the revenue extracted from the poor of England in manifold but circuitous imposts, upon every article of human con- venience and enjoyment to which the people themselves .are blind, from the ignorance appertaining to their humble condition, and from the indifference growing out of hard and desperate want. Of many of these schemes of expense, it is easy to imagine that our gra- cious Monarch is also retained in a state of ignorance equal to that of the most oppressed and broken-hearted of his subjects, by the dexterous artifices of men in power, who well understand what would be their fate, if even by accident a remote suspicion should cross the mind of a Prince so generous, that there are hourly wasted, in reckless prodigality, sums more than suffici ent, if well employed, to save whole thousands and ten thousands of brave but prostrate Englishmen with their wives and infants, in whom the consciousness of life itself is prematurely quickened by the agonies of hun- ger. The King can know nothing of these abomina- tions. It is therefore to gain for our petitioning fellow subjects an alliance so powerful, and a sympathy so delightful, as that of their common friend and father, that we present them With a copy of- a document, be lieved to be official—an official, but scarcely credible document, professing to be an estimate of sums ex- pended, and to be expended, on the buildings, repair- ing, and adorning of a number of Royal Palaces. The malice of those with whom such projects have origina- ted, will be seen at once to derive immeasureable aggravation from the expedient of connecting the name of our excellent Sovereign with the ruin of his people, at a time so awful as that which now threatens to everwhelm bath him and the community. We repeat, that it is quite dreadful to reflect on the stratagem of devising jobs for ministerial creatures, and palming them upon the nation as so many methods of diverting the Royal cares, or of animating the ennui of an ex- istence, which, on this side the grave, can have no new occupation but that of preparing for another, How must it rouse the virtuous indignation of his Ma- jesty, to learn, that in his name, behind his back, in defiance of his inevitable displeasure, and contempt for his tender affection towards a broken-down people, there are persons who place to the account of his Royal pleasure an ontlay of more than HALF A MILLON sterling, for throwing down, building up, carving, gil- ding, decorating palaces, excavating hills, elevating vallies, making earth and water change places, with a hundred other extraordinary metamorphoses—as if these were days for lavish profusion—as if this day, on which five hundred thousand people are starving, was a fit one for the utter demolition of five hundred thou- sand pounds! Ninety thousand pounds have been ex- pended on Buckingham Palace! and there is called for, in addition, the sum of one hundred and sixty-two thou- sand pounds! There is besides all this, another palace, and near the same spot. A grand house, it appears, was projected by one, whose name we shall hold sacred, as a residence for the Duke of York. The illustrious Duke borrowed money from a friend, to enable him to commence this palace. The loan was absorbed in little. more than the foundations of the edifice, and where L' was another loan to he.pbtaiee4 Als ! npwhbere. Tie illustrious personam, after a long course of 'anxiety and y of bodily suffering, 'increased, we have no doubt, by sharp uneasiness of mind, had recourse at length to that expedient which seldom fails where Royal distresses are to be mitigated. The Cabinet. was appealed to; t the" dead weight" was taken off. the shoulders of the p Heir Presumptive, and it was agreed that the ?gbolr e which he could not execute should be accomplished foh ,f him. The vast Corinthian building was bought from r his Royal Highness, that it might be given to itim. It n was not merely taken off his hands,: but. as the history if goes, the morgage was first cleared. of angd the house o was to be finished by Government, for the- purpose of f being forthwith restored to the Heir Presumptive: s then, as the account goes, the interest of his Royal r Highness in the lease from the Crown was bought from him, that Ministers might have a right to grant him d leave to live in the habitation, from the embarrassment of which they relieved him-and thus his Royal High f ness is on his legs again. Other debts are said to have It been discharged with money given out of the public f treasury, for these over-mortgaged premises. And, . what addition has been made thereby to the half million t voted for the palaces, properly speaking, royal, we shall doubtless heir, before many weeks have elapsed. !s We repeat, however, our' firm conviction, that when these proceedings are fairly submitted *to his Majesty. e and placed in proper juxta-position, with the complaints and remonstrances of his much-suffering people, such a h perversion of the means of procuring bread will.be at a once rebuked and counter-manded, and the frighful consequence averted of so daring and unseasonable a public wrong. e DISTRESSING OCCURRENCE AT THE. TUNNEL UNDER' d Ti?E TrArIEs.-The work people and othrs ,engaged in y this undertaking, were thrown into great consternation s and alarm on Monday morning, by a .yiolent report from s the mouth of the shaft, succeeded by al immense body \- of flame The shock was ridost tremepduouts, and was felt at a considerable distance from the spot itself. ' r 3, some time past it has been constantly -'so lighted. :At ,e the summit of that -part of the shaft where the maiterials r are lowered, there happened to be placed some'bottles e of portable gas; and owing to some; inattentign, one e of the bottles was not carefully seclured, and the rum-, it bling of the engine gradually displacing it from a level, it at length fell down the shaft. On meeting the earth, s the distance being seventy feet, it burst with a tremen r dous crash, "and there being a lighted candle near the a spot, when it fell, it immediately' igni'ted, and filled' the, e whole body of the shaft in one entire flame, which par tially proceeded into the arches themselves. Robert e Greenshields, amillright employed in laying down the d rail-rod, has been so frightfully burnt, that it is imppssible. n to distinguish a single feature : the eyelids are .shock ingly scorched, and the pupils of his eyes' so. materially, e affected, that it is questionable whether he will regain y lhis sight. John Nelson has suffered in a similar way, thoug not to so great an extent ; as also Robert 'Osborn; a Williai Bowling, and Philip Dai es. The Foreman-.of r the bricklayers, Lane, observing the bottle falling, with: a a. singular presence of. mind, threw himself on the ground, with his. face downwards, and although the bottle fell near him, he escaped unhurt.-The officers of the establishment immediately called in merlical . id, o and the sufferers were properly treated. All the money , spont'hneously subcribed by visitors is appropriat'ed to the accumulation of a sick fund, :fromt which 'all a patients connected with the udertaking have relief'.; Times. A STATEMENT of the American Revenue has found its: way to England. It is a document which. British politi cans may study with considerable advantage, both as regards practical economy, and the admirable clearness. Sof Amnerican explanation. Possibly, however,~ adegree of candour may exist in regard to a public debt-of six teen millions 5terling, which cannot be afforded'in retfe rence to one of eight hundred millions of the s.ameede-: nomination. Advices firom Jamacia again allude to a Revolution in St. Domingo, but. no particulars are. afforded. (Examiner) -AN acicount from Berlin, dated Dec.' 15, says, "this' morning, as hls iMajesty was tnitting his Cabinet at' the usual hour, he' had the misfortune to fall in such a? way as that his right leg bent under the left, and:the rcsult was the fracture of both bones, about three iiches above the ancle. Shortly afterwards Doctor W'ieble adopted the customary means, of setting the liuqb; Doctors Graf'e and Utland then arrived, and these three physicians, is order to tranquilise the public mind, have' made two' resports: lThe First Report says--" 'His'Majesy, in' proceecding to his accustomned occupations, has had the: misfortune to fall dow n.a staircase which leads to his, cabinet; the result has been a fracture of both bones of 'the right leg;' the situation of his Ml~jesty is not such as to justify any uneasiness." The Second Report· 'says-" Nothing alarming has taken placi, his Majesty, a slight fever, as is usual in similar cases, hlas come on, which, however, excites no applrhension." IT is said that four twSo-decked first- rates are ordered to be laid down in the Royal Dock-'yards-.two at. Pem broke, one at this yard, and one at an Eastern yard. Tiei length of each of tlese ships' is to be 16 feet "greiiter' than that of the Caledonia, and it is supposed.. tat i .id twenty months these irummense ships will:bel ad 4ta launched-(Plymoulh Journal.) i; :, .. ' 