Shipping lntelligence. On Wednesday last arrived, from Hobart Town, which place she left the 4th instant, the schooner Emma Kemp. She brings no mail. Same day arrived, from New Zealand, the schooner Herald. On Tuesday last sailed, on a speculative trip, the schooner Liberty. The Countess of Harcourt and Denmark Hill, for the Isle of France, and the John Bull, for the sperm fishery, are announced to sail on Sunday next. THE ALMORAH.-The promulgation of the decision in Wednesday's Gazette, which the Lords of the Treasury, as well as the Commissioners of Customs, obtained from His Majesty's Advocate, Attorney, and Soli- citor General, relative to the illegal and absurd seizure of the Almorah, created most extra- ordinary interest. The Public always viewed this transaction as one of too daring a com- plexion to be illegal by the remotest possibility, and they seemed to have placed such implicit confidence in the dictum of the law-advisers, and in the courage of Captain Mitchell, of the Slaney, that they at once concluded SIR THOMAS BRISBANE'S Administration would have been consigned to proportioned disgrace, in consequence of the heavy loss which the Government must have sustained, had Sir Thomas Brisbane exceeded his authority, and had his foes been armed with the impenetrable shield of justice and truth. But the question is now decided as regards His Ma- jesty's Government, and Captain Mitchell, of the Slaney, and Captain Bremer, of the Tamar, -will have to pay-the one for his frolic, and the other for his audacity-at least a sum of about twenty thousand pounds ! ! ! Captain Bremer had to give security in Cal- cutta, to answer all expenses, and all costs, and a very respectable House in that city, in our opinion, rather prematurely, became bondsman for Captain Bremer. The cargo, which cost Government five thousand pounds, not including the 80,000 or 100,000 dollars, -was sold for nine hundred pounds. The ex- penses attending the embassy out and return of Deputy Assistant Commissary General GOOD- SIR, to Calcutta alone, stands the Government in two thousand pounds; and the expenses which were incurred in Calcutta, we are informed, were enormous in the extreme ; by which it will appear that Captains Mitchell and Bremer, but especially the latter, will have reason to remember the Almorah as long as they breathe. As for the ultimate seizure of the ship, if the Honourable the East India Com- pany even were disposed to act with the utmost rigour, such is utterly impracticable, inasmuch as the " twenty-four half chests of tea" were not forthcoming ; and those parties who had seen the alleged chests, said to contain the supposed tea, when put to the test, could not tell whether they contained saw-dust or lawyers' wigs. Captain Boyd, therefore, will no more lose his ship than the Government have lost their specie and property ; and we have little doubt, had His Majesty's Law-Advisers only known that Captain Boyd had actually entered the said twenty-four chests of tea in his manifest, on his arrival, and that, too, in the face of a man of-war, it would have appeared, to their satis- faction, that the Commander of the Almorah had acted in ignorance of the statutes affecting the Honorable East India Company's Trade, and that there was no intention to defraud the said Company. We are bound in duty fur- ther to remark, upon a singular and very honourable trait in the high character of the East India Company. They posi- tively declined any interference in the business, though the Naval Heroes exerted their utmost influence in exciting the interposing arm of the Company. But the East India Govern- ment referred the parties to the Courts of Law, and had it not been for the ill-judged interference of Captain Bremer, of the Tamar, the Almorah, with her valuable cargo, might have been in possession to this day, for aught we know, of the original seizors, since neither the Honorable East India Company, nor De- puty Commissary General Goodsir, the accre- dited Agent of the Australian Government, would take upon themselves to interfere with Lieutenant Matthews, and his prize. The day of retribution, however, has arrived, of which we are heartily glad; and we hope, indeed have no doubt of it, if ever Captain Mitchell or Bremer revisit Sydney Cove, that they will find it most agreeable to their purse- strings to act in concert with the Colonial Authorities, and not unthinkingly oppose themselves to the Representative of their King. There is one advantage which these Gentlemen will experience, should they ever retire from their posts in the Navy, that they will still have the privilege, if they find it necessary, to continue in-THE FLEET ! Since we wrote the above, several Gentle- men have been congratulating us on the signal victory our man-of-war (the Gazette) has obtained over the revolutionary frigate (the Australian). The Public well know how we were persecuted by £2000 actions for libel at the alleged suit of Captain Mitchell, of the Slaney, and by criminal informations at the alleged instance of First Lieutenant Mat- thews. It is well known that nothing short of our ruin was meditated, because we were determined to advocate the measures of the Co- lonial Government against men, who exerted all their talents and influence to inconvenience and oppress the Authorities. Our triumph, therefore, is proportionably resplendent-we feel we have a right to the honours of a tri- umph-as, with our sling and our stone, we have defeated the legal and editorial Goliahs of our land. Notwithstanding all the light we have thrown upon this subject-in which the Slaney and the Almorah have been engaged- we take the liberty of informing the inhabi- tants of Sydney, that a far greater LIGHT will be shed upon the transaction than has ever yet been seen, and we have little doubt that the Gazette Office will be as conspicuous, THIS EVENING, 'for brilliancy of expression' as our learned friend, Dr. WARDELL, will consider it necessary ; and if our brother Editor should have leisure for half-an hour, he will meet with a welcome reception, as well as all those friends of the 'Sydney Gazette who are accustomed to be good-natured, and like to enjoy themselves after a well-fought and triumphant battle. Yes, yes, " THE ALMORAH IS OFF ! ! !" In our last number we expressed our regret that we were obliged to postpone the publica- tion of a document which had been forwarded to us with that view, containing an account of the recent "pedestrian Tour" that had been arduously accomplished by that active and enterprising Commandant at Moreton Bay, Captain Logan, whose name we have before had occasion to notice with well- merited ap- probation. We shall not offer any comments on the merits of Captain Logan's researches at this moment, but will leave the Journal of that Gentleman to speak for itself, being well aware that the interest, which must be af- forded on the perusal, will abundantly recom- pence the Reader :— JOURNAL of Captain Logan's pedestrian Tour, in the neighbour- hood of Moreton Bay, in the month of June, 1827. "June 7th.—Left the settlement at 4 o'clock in the morning, proceeded up the Brisbane, and arrived at the limestone hills, on the left branch, at 10 o'clock at night ; distance, 57 miles. "June 8th.—Sent the boat back to the settlement, and proceeded overland ; directed my course S.S.W. in the direction of Mount Dumaresq ; the country very fine—a black vegetable mould, on a limestone bottom ; the timber consisted of several varieties of the eucalyptus, viz. iron bark, blue gum, box, apple tree, and a variety I have not hitherto seen, the trunk resembling iron bark, with a broad leaf. This tree is only found on the best soils—at a distance it very much resem- bles the cork tree ; at 2 o'clock came to the banks of the Brisbane ; the beauty of the spot, and the men being much fatigued, in- duced me to halt for the night ; distance this day, only 13 miles. "June 9th.—Resumed my route at 8 o'clock ; the country for 8 miles superior to yesterday; shot two beautiful parrots (a new species), not hitherto found in the Colony ; came to a large swamp, several miles in ex- tent ; skirted it for some miles, and then crossed it ; came again on the Brisbane, run- ning N.E ; crossed it, and proceeded up the left bank ; approached Mount Dumaresq to- wards evening ; the country now exceeded, in beauty and fertility, any thing I had before seen ; in the bed of the river I found several specimens of coal and crystal ; distance, 20 miles. "June 10th.—Commenced this day's journey at half-past 8 o'clock ; crossed a beautiful plain, two miles in width, and about three in length, very lightly timbered ; no preparation requisite for the ploughshare ; at half-past 9 o'clock entered a thick scrub, at the foot of Mount Dumaresq, which continues to the summit ; found several turkies, and a remarkable large pigeon, upwards of three pounds weight ; gained the top of the moun- tain at 3 o'clock ; I had a grand and extensive prospect ; the limestone hills bore N.N.E ; I had traversed the valley of the Brisbane 30 miles, and it appeared about the same in breadth ; I may safely rely that there is in this beautiful vale at least half a million of acres, excellently watered, and fit for any purpose to which it may be applied. I could likewise distinctly see the windings of the Logan, through an extensive aud beautiful country eastward from Mount Dumaresq, and only se- parated from the valley I had quitted by mo- derately elevated ground. On descending the mountain, on the southern side, had to en- counter a difficult scrub, which I could not clear before sun-set ; luckily found water in a ravine, where I stopped for the night ; dis- tance this day, 12 miles. "June 11th.—Resumed my descent through the scrub at 8 o'clock ; after much difficulty cleared it at 10 o'clock ; found a branch of the Logan at the base, running northward ; the river here passed through a large swampy plain, well adapted to graze cattle ; saw a large flock of emus, the first seen in the vi- cinity of Moreton Bay ; the course of the river making a detour to the west, left its banks, having changed my course to south, in the direction of Mount Shadforth, and after a few miles walk, re-crossed the Logan, which flowed through a large plain ; the grass thereon being on fire, obliged me again to cross the river ; proceeded up the left bank for some miles ; the mountains, towering on each other on every side, reminded me of a Pyreneean valley ; at 4 o'clock killed a large kangaroo, which was very acceptable to the men ; distance, 25 miles. "June 12th.—Continued my route to the south; the river branched into several streams; we were evidently near the source; walked for some hours over a hilly country, admira- bly adapted for grazing sheep; came to a creek at the foot of Mount Shadforth, and shot an emu on the bank; ascended the mountain, which was the most fatiguing part of the journey, it unfortunately began to rain on my reaching the summit, accompanied by a thick fog, which prevented me from having so ex- tensive a prospect as I expected. I was sur- rounded by mountains on all sides, but I could not get a view of Mount Warning; to conti- nue my route to the southward would have been very difficult, and would have protracted the journey beyond the time intended, I there- fore determined to steer eastward, and gain the low country; descended the mountain to the eastward, and halted for the night in a native's encampment, which was very apro- pos, as the rain continued; distance, 15 miles. "June 13th.—Continued my route east- ward, over a very diflicult and mountainous country ; at length perceived Mount Warning, direct in my course ; on approaching the base found the principal branch of the Logan ; the stream was so rapid, I had some difficulty in passing ; encamped on the right bank, and im- mediately commenced to ascend, in hope of reaching the summit, but could only gain a peak, not more than half-way to the top ; all attempts appeared hopeless at the east and north sides, and it would have detained me two days longer, to have made a detour to the westward, probably with as little chance of success ; I therefore returned to the encamp- ment, with the intention of proceeding on my journey in the morning ; distance, 14 miles. "June 14.—Made another attempt to as- cend the mountain on the north side ; got to the top of a peak, considerably higher than yesterday ; had a very extensive view ; found Limestone Hills bore due north ; recommenced my journey to the east ; proceeded for some miles without much difficulty ; crossed another river, which washed the S.E. side of the mountain, and united with the other a few miles below ; crossed some beautiful valleys, well watered with mountain streams ; got into an extensive scrub, which prevented me making way to the east ; towards evening made a detour to the N. to clear the scrub and got into an open forest country, before sun-set ; distance, 20 miles. June 15th.—Started at sun-rise, proceeded east, passed through a fine hilly country co- vered with most luxuriant grass, to the top of the hills, the soil principally a black vegetable mould ; this part of the country is the best I have seen, either for sheep or cattle, and is most abundantly watered, each valley possess- ing a beautiful rivulet ; passed several consi- derable streams which unite with the Logan ; towards evening my route eastward was com- pletely terminated, by mountains covered with pine scrubs, to the summit ; perceiving a stream running north, I determined to follow its course for a few miles, for the purpose of finding a more even way to cross the moun- tains, to the sea coast ; distance, 25 miles. June 16th.—Started N.E. over a hilly coun- try, somewhat inferior to yesterday, but well adapted to pasturage ; distance, 15 miles. June 18th.—Ascended a ridge of moun- tains ; could see nothing but mountains to the eastward, covered with pine scrubs ; provisions were nearly exhausted, and the men's shoes worn out ; determined to steer northward, and join the settlement ; proceeded down the banks of a river, through a rich tract of country ; saw several kangaroos, but the dogs were so weak, they could not run them down ; fortu- nately before sun-set killed one ; stopped for the night ; distance, 20 miles. June 18th.—Continued my route ; passed through a rich valley ; towards mid-day left the valley on my right ; my route now lay over some rocky ridges, the worst country I have passed through ; the men greatly fatigued ; distance, 16 miles. June 19th.—Continued north the first part of the day, the country was very good ; much improved in appearance to that traversed yes- terday ; towards noon it became swampy ; at two o'clock arrived at the Logan, not ford- able ; stopped for the night ; distance 20 miles. June 20th.—Made several unsuccessful at- tempts to cross the river ; moved up the bank about 8 miles. June 21st.—Proceeded up the river about two miles, crossed at a ledge of rocks, steered north for the settlement ; the soil principally a light sandy loam ; timbered with forest oak ; a considerable number of swamps ; distance, 22 miles. June 22nd.—Recommenced my route for Brisbane Town, for a few miles through a swampy country ; towards mid-day arrived at Cowper's plains, and crossed Cane Creek ; reached the Brisbane opposite the settlement at 4 o'clock. Extract of a Letter from Captain Logan, Commandant at Moreton Bay, addressed to the Honorable Alexander McLeay, Esquire, Colonial Secretary, and dated Moreton Bay, July 25, 1827. "I proceeded up the Brisbane on the 7th of June, as will appear by my Journal, which I beg leave to enclose, with the view of heading the river lately discovered, reach- ing Mount Warning, and from thence taking the most direct route to the Tweed. How ever, I found it impossible, notwithstanding every exertion to get through the thick scrubs which cover the mountains in that direction ; I was, in consequence, obliged to return to the settlement without accom- plishing the object of my journey. How ever I have much satisfaction in reporting that the Country through which I travelled exceeded my most sanguine expectations, and as everywhere extremely well watered ; and I have no doubt, whenever it may suit the views of Goverernment to open it for set- tlers, it will be found the most desirable dis- trict for that purpose hitherto found in the Colony. After the sailing of the Wellington, I will take an opportunity of proceeding to the spot from whence I saw what I supposed to be the Tweed, and from thence endeavour to make a direct route. The distance did not appear to me to exceed 50 miles." The Australian, of Wednesday, might very well be called a paper, but as for its being properly designated a news-paper is a pro- position which we flatly deny. The last page presented the " reprint of a leading article of the 8th instant," and also furnished the ex- tract of an article on the "Free Press in India," which has some time ago appealed in the columns of this Journal. The leader was manufactured from the reprint of the 8th in- stant, and the greater part of the residue of the second and third page was occupied with Tasmanian extracts, which we had the plea- sure of furnishing the Public on Monday morning. We have often thought that the Australian, in many respects, was only the ghost of a newspaper, but that of Wednesday had not even the merit of comparison to a spectre. One thing is certain, that an Editorial lawyer - and one too, in Botany Bay——has proved one of the most in- genious animals, amongst the scribbling fra- ternity, that ever descended from good old father Adam. Who would have ever thought, save Doctoi Wardell, of re-inserting in his paper of one Wednesday, an article which had only appeared in the number on the previous Wednesday, and that, too, merely for the sake of manufacturing a leader! The Doctor, it appears, must have been at his wits' end, for we never did before witness so much bare- faced impudence palmed on a British Pub- lic ; but likely enough our learned friend had got a hint of the decision of the Almorah case, and therefore gave up, for once in a wy, the Editorial reins to the grower of Colonial tobacco, who, in the fumes of the smoke with which he is eternally surrounded, conceived that the Readers of the Australian would have no objection to so sensible an arti- cle on the Canadas, which has as much refe- renee to New South Wales, as we can be said to have affinity to Lapland, but likely enough somebody had persuaded the Doctor that it was a most admirable discussion—— that it was a popular question-and that the Gazette had not sense or impudence enough to attack so apparently impregnable a hold in public opinion ; and the Doctor upon being constrained to cast a second glance to wards the sweet babe of his own begetting, conceived that there was something attractive in the little fondling's features, and a project was immediately entered into of thrusting the brat once more down the throats of the people. Let the Editor of the Australian be good enough to understand, if it were not for the articles which our Journal furnished on the important subject, on the 19th and 20th of January last, in which we had the honour of completely controverting all his idle theories on the question, we would again turn too, and in good earnest give the Doctor, and his twice inserted bantling, such a drilling as he had never before experienced. We shall, however, at present, content ourselves by referring our Readers to the Sydney Gazettes of the 19th and 20th of January last, wherein it will be found that the speculations of Dr. Wardell are nothing but "vanity and vexa- tion of spirit." We have been furnished with a statement of facts in reply to a letter which appeared in the Australian some time ago, bearing the signature of Alonzo, and although we have not complied with the wish of the writer to give his letter publicity, our reason is that we have no desire to publish any letter which should appear in another Journal. Having so far explained our motives, we will proceed to give the statement of our correspondent in another form. It appears, then, that since the 1st of July, 85 prisoners have been em- ployed on the sugar plantation at Port Macquarie from the 1st of July, and that the ground upon which the sugarworks are erected has never been known to be flooded. Indeed so far from the waters rising ten feet from the surface of the bank, there is merely a hollow about 30 feet wide, into which the waters flowed about two years ago, but even then it was no more than six inches deep. Respecting the establishment itself, it has been formed no more than 30 months, during nine of which there were no more than 20 men employed upon the ground. The Australian's correspondent has put the question, what advantage has the Government derived from this establishment? But this is merely a trifling ques- tion. To derive immediately advantage was not to be expected, but that the views of Government will be realized there cannot be a doubt, for last month there were upwards of 25 hundred weight of sugar and mo- lasses manufactured daily, not to speak of a water mill which grinds fourteen bushels per hour. With the bare statement of these facts, the public must be convinced of the excellent policy of the Government in con- tinuing to support an establishment which is certain to be of immense advantage to the Colony. Out of the number of prisoners employed on the plantation, 54 sleep in barracks, and the residue are allowed to sleep out in huts as a reward for good con duct. In reference to the Agricultural Establishment, which the Australian's correspondent lauds, we are authorised to state, that for three successive years it did not even yield the amount of seed which was put into the ground, and in fact even last year there were no less than 300 acres sown with wheat, the pro- duce of which was 7000 bushels, the weight of each bushel weighing 54 pounds. With respect to what has been asserted that the land yields two crops of maize, and one of wheat annually, it is equally false with the other assertions of the Australian's cor- respondent. We would therefore recommend our contemporaries in future to exert themselves to as- certain facts, if they have any desire to avoid being accused of a wilful perversion of the truth. The H iionbleMr M'Leay, on Wed nesd \, 'ispeited and inuslcicd the mile pi ia nem o boa d he M iib us, piepauito y to thei disent ni ition.tn distiibiition. The promoteis of drunitic entertainment in Sydney, undei the auspices of Mr. Ham t Levy, seem to prosecute their design with considerable spirit. A Committee has been appointed, and the sum of £1OOO, in shares, at the rate of £20 each, is forthcoming at a moment's warning. Several meetings have been la ely held, and a respectful letter was, we understand, addressed to His Excellency the Governor, soliciting His sanction and pa- tronage for the undertaking His Excellency, as we are informed, has referred the matter to the Magistrates, and a memorial has been ac- cordingly prepared, addressed to the Bench, praying for a licence to institute, in the town of Sydney, a theatre upon a small scale. We are so much accustomed to the catch- penny rant of the screaming bucketmonger, and his edgings into the barrack patronage a 'patronage that he has long and ardently sought after, and in a great measure ob- tained-that we can now look with a tolerable degree of indifference on his stale pretensions to superior wisdom. In the last number of his radical rag he assumes that the Government Journals allege that Mr. Peel's Act is unpopular in this Co- lony, and it is the first time we have heard of any such assertion having been made. He then goes on, in his usual clumsy manner, to recommend the Governor to do away with tickets-of- leave altogether, and to substitute emancipations for them ; in the modest hope, no doubt, that if such a measure were to be adoj ted, he would have his subscription list thereby increased. But we will throw away a little time to shew the erroneousness of Mr. Hall's views on this subject. He says, " We do not wish the Governor to have the mere power of granting tickets-of-leave, be- cause, by so doing, any future malevolent Go- vernor, who gave way to petty resentments and personal malice, could ruin an employer of convicts (whether farmer or editor), by giving all his servants tickets-of-leave at once, and then on the most frivolous pretences, and in a fit of spleen, recal the same servants to Government employ in a month afterwards. No. Let emancipations in future be given where tickets-of- leave are now bestowed. Let tickets for ever be done away with." No- thing, in our opinion, could more distinctly show the extreme fatuity of Mr. Hall, than the reason which he endeavours to lay down in these lines for doing away with tickets-of leave. Supposing that such a case could hap- pen, in which a Governor, in order to gratify his spleen, granted tickets-of-leave to the pri- soner servants of the object of his hostility, in order to get them returned to Government la- bour, by what reasoning can it be shewn tha the substitution of emancipations would prevent the possibility of such an event oc- curring ? The Governor would still have it in his power to gratify his supposed spleen, by granting emancipations upon certain condi- tions, and hese conditions would be such, no doubt, as would entirely meet the object he had in view. It is a lucky circumstance for the prisoners that the Government are not so weak as to suffer themselves to be influence I by the extra- vagant notions of Mr. Hall, who would cruelly deprive them of an indulgence to which they properly look forward as to an amelioration of their condition. Do away with the tickets-of leave, and it is like making a man walk a long and dreary road without the prospect of a resting-place till he reaches the end of his journey. Besides, as a principle of expediency for the moral improvement of the prisoners, leaving every other consideration out of the question, it is highly desirable. In the period which a prisoner has to serve, prior to re- ceiving the desired indulgence, he has an opportunity of approving himself worthy of it, and, if he be not an utterly irreclaimable character, he will obtain the promised good, whilst the mere fact of having adhered to a proper mode of conduct, for a number of years, will confer upon him very different habits to those which he had formerly practised, and the likelihood is, that after having received his ticket, before the period expires that he should receive his emancipation, he will have acquired a sort of second nature, and his good conduct will be, not from the hope of future in- dulgence, but from fixed principles founded on its uniform expediency. On board the hulks, where the most rigid discipline has been kept up, so rigid, in fact, that a prisoner dare not utter an expression of the slightest indelicacy, reformation has been rarely effected, at least reformation of a permanent description. Good behaviour procures the prisoner a modification of his sentence, and at the end of the pre- scribed period, his morals receive, in general, a severe shock from the sudden transit on from a state of severe discipline, to one of unboun- ded liberty. The unfortunate wretch has formed no new associations ; on the contrary, those who had been his former friends, and who, from their respectability, might have been enabled to assist him with their counsel, shun him; he returns to his former associates in guilt, and finally expiates his sins upon the scaffold. How different is the case with the prisoners in New South Wales ! They are not exposed to these dangerous and oftentimes fatal transitions. Their rise in life is gradual, and natural. On receiving tickets-of-leave, their merit brings them into notice and respectabi- lity. They know that they hold their liberty on a precarious tenure, and that immorality on their part will deprive them of it for ever. This knowledge makes them doubly circum- spect in their conduct; this circumspection, as we have already stated, recommends them to the good opinion of the virtuous, and the consciousness of this operating upon their minds, loads them to the desired goal of refor- mation. To exchange the present system, therefore, for the one which Mr. Hall pro- poses, would be subversive of the interests of the prisoners themselves, and in mercy to them we trust they will ever enjoy the benefits of that system which hat been wisely framed for their good. But this is not the only instance in which Mr. Hall strives to effect their misery and degradation. Ho would have them to be at the disposal of their masters as beasts of burden, for he says, " as to allowing- masters to assign their men to their friends, as al,owed by Peel's Act, we see no great objection to it. Arbitrary governments say, that they are the best judges of individual prosperity. Hence free governments avoid a meddling, officious interference with individuals, &c.; The meaning of all this is, that the Govern- ment are to exercise no care over the prisoners, but to allow their masters to do with them precisely as they may think fit. Upon this principle a master might sell or give away his assigned servant as he would a bullock, and the unfortunate slave would not dare to mur- mur ; but we can quiet the minds of the pri- soners on this head, as we have proved, i former numbers, that the Act tolerates no such inhuman disposal of them, and that they are now, as much as formerly, under the protection of a humane Government, which will take care that they shall be exposed to no unnecessary sufferings. They will now be enabled to judge who are their real friends, and who are not, and will be able to appreciate the value of the advocacy of a man, who, under pretence of serving them, would have them to be disposed of like dogs, without a single friend to inter cede in their beha f. But it shall ever be ou» business to continue o detect and expose (o the laughter and dei ísion of the woild, those who would presume to add an unmerited pan» to the silent indu loi ni at sufferer. f Wesleyan Missions.-In May, 18jG, the Reverend Messrs. Hutchinson an<¡ Thomas, Missionaries to Tongataboo, sailed, on the Elizabeth,Captain Powdi rcn, foi the Friendly Is ands, since which no du cet mtil« hgence has been leceived from them. \ Missionary Notice, howcvci, of Tebiuai v list, having come into our possession, we feel sin. cote pleasure in furnishing' the rphgious part of oui Community with the following ex. ti act - South Si v Missions-By the following E»tri | oui Rtadtia will pcrteivi til it Mi Thoura hum tacd upon his I thoms in Ion¿i (le command the following letter on hi-, voyage, d Ued June 1-ttli 182f», and finishes it on his ii t iv ti " We trust we shall see oui way open unmig them, ind hive to acknowledge the goodness juJ talc ol tlie He-id of the Chuich " Wc lia ve b-cn and still are led to exptct much fiom God We have seen his lund in otu appoint aient, in our picscrv ttio i, and in our sappoit, juJ fioin his past iavouis, wc aie tntoutaged to trmtia iliiu " Wc do not go to Tongi ctyt cling th" wildernc i to become a iitnttiil field without libour and care, hut vv< go dt suing and pi lying to become th» honoured iiistiuineuts, m the hitiduf God, ot begin nmg t Chris nu Colony, tie mug iway the rubín h, bit ikiiiji up the ¿round, md tisting 11 the picciou. seed ot divint tiutb, which slnll spung- up, boa: mut, and yield au abund mt harvest ot niiuioit.il souls " loth -We axe this d tj ibout two hundred mil j from 1 unga, hat e a line bietet, and cspetl tus»o the land about Wednesdav "7th-We caine in sight of Tonj;a, Tudu, t!¡ 23d of lune, but through bad weathei did not tun to an anthoi until Wtducsday, 28th Wt heirj that Cb u Its Tindale was ali\ t, and living at Hi clog Wt thought to have gout to the same plate to anchor as the St IMiehitl, but liter wuims ibout a Ion, time, ami eiiiounteriin, some he ivy squill j, wc wert obliL,id to stand oil ior lletfoo Wt ¡,ot inlplhgtiic! from shore the sine evening Chirit-, time boaid, ind on the Walnesdiy lol lowing wt anelioud ni Mina Bin, winn the Ciptun lound go jil u thurat Puvious to oui imlioinig, Air Hutdim ion md imstll went on slioie, in ordei to hoc nittiin¿o* titi Chu Is, iespettm^ our residing arno ij them liomwhttwt rould I mi ti oin Cb ii les, md othtis, rcsptttuig the Chief Mr Lawry lo ed Hit! it w is not ad visible to 1,0 tb"ie, is he h id not kiiit his word He dd not bel) it ( well to the touug nitu lett with lum, but tate iluicd to kill them util«» did ut t "o ur ly "Willum I Hided, wc wpre conducted bv Chirle» to the plicf \th"ie lit r\|ieiicd to m et the Chi The Chut ip,ieued much pl( ised to ste in, ud tool» hold of hist one ol our h unis, nid then of tim ollur, iccompuiviug us to the lum-it ivhtic the meeting is to bi held When we nuvtd, we ill sat down on the mit, and tveie soon suirouiidiil by scoics ot the I\ itives 1Jii ni jims md pirl», rpe bunns,and cocoa nuts, weit i)iou"lit ami uddtuur feet "Afin all bid |> u tiki ii, oin bus ness wistiron,M b«fore tin in iu this we wiri highly favoured biting Chulés to mUiprtl, is hi seems m ester ol tin J mgii ige "We then gan tlictn lo undeistand tvli\ wecimc to their islmd , not Inciusc then lind wis better thin ours, ncitliti did we tome to join them i their wai s but t t taint to te ich them to kum ni] to In- tin 1 or I, mil niinv ollur good thm^s llic Clint' ippt ired inucli pie 1st d, indsud, Lilka, (ttry good) When thev uiidtrstoud tint we bul k11 ti tends and oui country to come to them, uni tint it wis not tin tiistom in Engltud, lora Alinis'ci t» fight in w tr lime, they all ippt ired much pi \ei\ Wt then wished to know whether tiley wert tullun; lor us to live amongst tin ni, whethti tuet »oui allow uito winship our Gil, wh tliei til \ »nil s ml us tin ¡i i lui »ii i ti t til, wlieiiier liu> would let us bite some lind to budd upon, md, wlutlur thev would piotctt us lud our property Tu il! which tin ducts mstvtrcd in the altiriuititf, uni le sud, tint respecting oí i wishing to le ive tlie jilaee, th it in case ot sickness or other eiu-.o, mien wt iinnht think it pioper to remote, he would Itt nt-go .and our property, tten to tilt mut on the door \\\ mt t with the gît Ut st kindness and attention, au from ti bat wt h it e neon and he ml, we ti list ti it v are in our protidtutnl path A spot of ground hu been fiv d upon for i house indgirdui, ti here wc shall get the se i bree/" We arc living now ni itv tivc houses , but as soon as our goods are on shire, we shall be-¿in our hoiiic "lhere ire two other Chiefs «ho wish Mwioi aries to live with the u W t sent them um 1 hut, f thev hch ived w< ii to us, when others t mit, we iiuull stud oat to tile m " S Mr. Dunn, our present Chief Constable, is we have been informed, on the eve of retiring. He has been employed in the Police Estab. lishment since the year 1811, and has con- ducted himself with the most exemplary zeal and fidelity in the discharge of his important duties. Impaired health, we understand, is cause of Mr. Dunn's retiring; but we have no doubt that His Excellency the Governor will take his case into favourable considera- tion. A min, n imed Trancis, has been committed I ! to take Ins ti ni for the wilful murder of ap'r- J son named Hook, at Hunter s-rivti. A min, named Wilson, lately of Newcislliy Ins been fui y committed for trial, on a elm e ¡ of uttering a foi god order for the paymnnt)f money, with intent to defiaud Win." Carie'! Esq. 1 wo other persons, ni mod Stpphrn md Wood, have also been forw irded from Ne« castle, for examination befoio the Spinel iiench, on suspicion of being concerned in ti s uno foi gory. It appears that the prisoners came into a house in Newcastle, and hum» requested pen and ink, w ere observed lo le paiticularly engaged m wutmg on a shpof paper, upon which a witness distinctly sweab he obsei ved the name of " \Vm. Cuter." FI uiagan, who was tiied «ind acquitted, on 'I uestfay last, on a ch irge of rape, was re cognized, shoitly after his discharge ft oin the Court, is a runaway from Port ¡Vlacqu u ic, and lodged in the gio . Ile had been residing it Richmond for sume time past, and imposed upon the i\ agis rates theic, by the exhibition ot a false cei tificatc of freedom. A gentleman I aving a pad that started, and bioke Ins wile's net kf u nei<>hbouiin£ squire told him he wished to pinchase it lor Ins w fe to i ide on. 'No,' said the other, I will not sell this little fellow, because I intend to ma ry again.' A short time since, at Henbury church, 19 sons and daughters of a farmer named Williams, stood sponsors at the baptism of his 20th child. Mrs. W. lately lay in a 23d time, and all these 'olive branches' still live. 