TERRA INCOGNITA.— (Concluded.) However, it was nearer the pristine state at the time I re- fer to. The governor—the always unfortunate Captain Bligh—had lately been deposed by military violence, and the rebel government "reigned in his stead." Not long after our arrival, Governor Macquarie arrived ; and, during a long administration of twelve years, effected almost all that has been done from the time to the present—though, of course, when the plant had taken root in a good soil, it could not but thrive. The house in which we were at first domiciliated was one of the best in Sydney, having been built for—and, I believe, occupied by—Governor Hunter : its situation; too, was one of the finest in the town ! but—it was haunted ! Near the spot on which it stood, the first executions had taken place ; and tradition said, that some marines, who has been half- hanged for robbing the stores, were buried, half-alive, just where the house was afterwards built ; their ghosts had been exorcised, but not laid ; I suppose the Red Sea was too far off ! I have heard them often, but never saw them—though, I am sure, our big house-dog did ; for, as soon as ever the house was shut up at night, he would take his station by the cellar- door, and howl so frightfully, that at length, as a com- mon disturber of both the dead and the living—he was hanged. At nine o'clock every night, the drums beat off before the barracks, preceded and followed by the bugles. Many a scene of fear and real danger have I passed through since the days I refer to ; but in no one have I eyer felt so intensely, as when, in a bleak winter's evening, after having listened, as I lay in bed, to the last long wind of the bugle, followed by a simultaneous cry of "All's well!" from all the sentinels in the town ; and then, when every thing was hushed in darkness and in solemn silence, except, perhaps, the whistling of the wind, and the pelting of the rain on the windows—I have heard, in the room below me, mysterious noises, as of skeletons tumbling and scampering about the floor, and scratching, with a crackling sound, against the cedar wainscot ; and the dismal howl of the tawny dog, couched by the cellar-door under my bed-room window—I cannot think of it, even now, without quaking ! For the first few months, I could not pass any of the na- tives in the streets without trepidation, and, in the outskirts of the town, they were to me for some time objects of terror : indeed, though they are as harmless as a fangless serpent, yet neither the one nor the other—neither a naked savage, nor a poisonous reptile—could be encountered at large, without disagreeable sensations, by a child who had never heard ei- ther spoken of but as objects of fear and a version. Alas ! for the poor black-fellows ! * At that time they ranged the country as they pleased, got drunk whenever they could get the means, and broke each other's head when and where they pleased ! They carried their spears and their waddies with them wherever they went, molested by and molesting no one. Fish and mud-oysters were their staple commodities, and these they exchanged for bread or rum. Wearing apparel they would take, but it was merely as an article of merchandize : a shirt or a pair of trowsers might pass through their hands, but seldom rested long on their limbs—it would be disposed of, at the earliest opportunity, for rum or bread. It was a custom with the inhabitants of Sydney, particularly, to reserve the coarse sugee-bags, in which sugar is sent from India, to give to the first lot of black- fellows that might pass, after it had been emptied, for the pleasure of seeing them get very drunk, and fight ; for strange as, it may appear, it is a fact, that they wold soak a bag of the kind in a common pail of water ; and then each being furnished with a piece of the sugee, or with a corner of the bag, eight or ten of them get quite tipsey, by sucking the liquor out—not sucking it up, with their nose's in it, like pigs—nor drinking it like civilized human beings— but by dipping the piece of stuff to saturate it with the juice, and then sucking it out, as one might suck the juice out of an orange ; to prolongs the pleasure they did it, and to promote intoxication, one would think ; for it certainly had that effect—and then quarrels would arise, and broken heads ensued. To what a pitch of degredation have I seen humanity reduced ! White savages, having given the fil- thiest means of inebriation to black savages who, uncon- sciously remunerated their benefactors by an exhibition, in the public street, of their naked persons in gladiatorial show ! the men actively engaged in thrashing each other with clubs, hand to hand ; and the women, unarmed, but receiving blows on their heads from both parties, as they happened to interfere—all, at the same time, vociferating, in their loudest tones, all the abuse that their own language was capable of ; and (out of compliment to their benefactors) making up, for its want of force, by the use of the English words—op- probrious terms, oaths, curses, and blasphemies! The swillings of a rum- puncheon made a liquor called bull, which was a powerful rival of suger-beg. Bull, however, would more frequently find its way down the throats of the convict-servants than those of the poor black fellows. Revolting as such a state of things appears, it had existed from the earliest establishment of the colony, and did exist for several years after the late excellent Governor Macquarie's arrival there. At length (in the year 1812, I think,) a go- vernment order appeared, which put an end to the exhibition of such scenes, in the towns at least ; and a later order has prohibited the natives from appearing in, or within a certain distance of, any of the townships, with offensive weapons about them. To the present day, though, I believe, they wander about the streets, naked as they were born ! The women, of late years, are frequently covered with a blanket, which they either hang over their shoulders like a cloak—or tie round the waist, like a peticoat—leaving the bust ex- posed. The notion the men have of the use of clothes, may be inferred from this—that they will as soon accept a coat as a pair of trowsers—supposing them to be previously possessed of neither. Nothing could have a more ludicrous effect, than to see a man (and I have seen many of them) strolling about the town, with a stick drawn across the back of his neck, held at the ends by both hands, and with not a single article of clothing on him, but an old coat—perchance it may be a short jacket, or a waistcoat, a hat, or a single stocking or a shoe ; sometimes, it may be a shirt or a pair of trowsers— but seldom any two articles on the same man—and, as often as any, stark naked ! Custom and habit may reconcile one to almost any thing ; and I am sure that no ideas of indeli- cacy or impropriety obtrude themselves on the minds of the Austral, or long-resident, European females, more than on the minds of those in this part of the world, who are in the habit of frequenting sculpture or picture galleries, where the human form is commonly displayed without covering. The first Easter holidays, I went to spend at Parramatta. Two of my school-fellows, brothers, whose father was a jus- tice of the peace, living at the Hawkesbury, had to go home by the market-cart ; and as Parramatta lay in the road, it was thought too favorable an opportunity to be neglected, of sending me to my destination. The cart had been sent down a distance of more than forty miles, with articles for the Sydney market, and to bring back such things as were only procurable in the principal town ; such as tea, sugar, spirits, and manufactured goods ; indeed, all such things as, in this country, are to be found at a village-huckster's. It was in the charge of a convict, or, as the term used there is, "a government servant." Horses were, at the time, only used for the saddle, and to run in harness ; but seldom, in- deed, for heavy draught—for which oxen were employed. The cart in which I began my travels in Australia, was drawn by a bullock, whose utmost speed would never exceed two miles an hour, on the best of roads ; but on that we had to go over, at least for the first day, I do not believe he netted one. We started from Sydney at one or two o'clock in the af- ternoon of a fine autumnal day, intending to stop for the night at Brown's half-way-house, which was not more than seven miles, or seven and a half, at the utmost, on the road ; but, after having safely passed through Blackwattle swamp, which then had no bridge, and over Grose hill, the steepest in the line, we found ourselves, at seven or eight o'clock, abreast of Dobryde, with a broken felloe, and not less than a mile short of our destination. Hungry and tired ; for we boys had been obliged to walk up every hill, and over every bad part of the road, which did not comprise a very small part of the whole distance, frightened, too, of bushrangers (the runaway convicts are so called)—tempted by the sight of a comfortable house, standing by a grove of orange trees, and close at hand, my companions, who were considerably my seniors, determined on seeking there an asylum for the night, and the means of repairing our damage. The pro prietor of Dobryde resided in Sydney ; but his absence did not prevent us from being received with hospitality. John- ny-cakes were fried, and tea made ; tea, the universal bever- age of an Australian settler at breakfast, at dinner, at tea, and at supper, and sometimes oftener. In no part of the world, I believe, is tea so much used as in that country, in proportion to the number of inhabitants ; leave comparative wealth out of the question. Malt liquors are hardly known out of two or three of the principal towns. Peach cyder (apple cyder is not made) forms the field-beverage of the country people, but cannot be put into competition with tea which is preferred to it, both in summer and winter. Rum is so great a favorite, that it never gets a day older after it has become the property of a settler ; so, for the ordinary purpose of life, cannot be compared with tea. But it is set- tlers of the old school that I am speaking of, and they are now getting scarcer every day. I remember the time, when it was no uncommon case for a man and his wife to leave their farm with a load of grain, vegetables, or fruit, for the Sydney market—arrive there steadily enough—dispose of their wares, and expend the proceeds in the purchase of ne- cessaries and comforts, including a few gallons of rum, reach their home again in two, three, or four days after their de- parture from Sydney, according to their distance from it, with an empty keg, and an empty cart ! But turnpike-roads, the use of horses instead of oxen, and the tighter rein by which the convicts are held, together with the great influx of respectable and industrious emigrant settlers, have tended to make such scenes much less frequent. If England had been a wine country, wine would have been flowing through the streets of Sydney twenty years ago ; but even now, the grape-vine is almost treated like an exotic where geraniums run wild, and where peaches are as plentiful as blackberries are in this country. In our garden at Sydney, there were vines in the open air, under which I have seated myself to devour clusters, which might have ripened in the vallies about Etna— so fine and luscious were they! But yet, they import wine from the Cape of Good Hope! Several individuals have, however, lately turned their attention to the culture of the vine; and I know of one gentleman who, three years ago, took some people from Ma- deira to assist him in it. I think, too, that I have heard of some French vine-growers, who have gone there to settle ; so that it may reasonably be expected, that, in a few years more, they will not only have wine for their own consump- tion, instead of vile Bengal and Mauritius rum—but that they may be able to send to England, Austral-Madeira and Burgundy ! It may easily be imagined, that, with such a community, the road between the two principal towns of the colony could not have been travelled for one-and-twenty years, without frequent robberies and frequent murders; indeed there was hardly a turn or winding in the old line, of which an old resident had not a tale of horror to tell;—here, he himself had been robbed, and left for dead;—and there, such-an-one had been murdered. At a short distance beyond Dobryde, the road wound down the steep banks of Iron Cove, or, rather, of the creek at the head of the Cove. Both sides of the creek were covered with a thick scrub, according an almost impenetrable retreat to bush-rangers—who found, too, the best possible scene of depredation in the bottom of the glen, and even in the bed of the creek itself, by the difficulty of escape for the traveller, and the warning that the thumping of wheels, or the clat- tering of hoofs on the iron rocks above, would give of the approach of any one, who might be better armed ; for they seldom consorted but in couples, and at that time were not always furnished with fire-arms. Long rays were streaming from the east through the dense forests, and the bell-birds were ringing their peals from the branches of the tall saplings, which spring above the thick brush-wood, when we sallied forth from our hospitable co- vert, with renewed spirits, and little fearing, by broad day- light, the dangers which darkness had aggravated. We reached Powell's (about three miles on our road) to breakfast, having passed Iron Cove in safety ; and, though twitted by the mocking-bird (vulgo, " laughing jackass "), we were cheered by the chirping of a thousand other feathered mins- trels, as they hopped from spray to spray—ranging from the loftiest gum to the lowest honeysuckle—and soothed by the foliated apple-tree. Now and then, a flight of screeching Rose hill parrots, coloured like the wings of Cupid, would rise from the road before us, where they had been devouring the scattered grains of Indian corn, which had fallen from the market-carts—followed by their more daring rivals, a troop of magpies ; while a shrill sound in the upper regions would call our eyes to the solitary flight of a black cockatoo— or, perchance, of three or four in a line—rushing swiftly along, at ten times the height of the highest trees. About two miles on the other side of Powell's (I could find the spot at this moment, if I were there— a four-railed fence runs along by it now), there is, a small round hole, about the size of the back of a man's head, under a little scrubby tea-tree ; the grass grew around it, and hung over it ; but, by some chance, it had never been filled up—nor had grass ever grown in it since it was made, eleven or twelve years before, by the head of an old man, a gardener, who had there been robbed and murdered, and whose murder had fairly driven the skull half its depth into the ground—the indent had never been filled up, as I have said, and grass had never grown in it, at least for twenty-two years after it had been made. Them murderer was never discovered ; and, a superstitious notion prevailed, that, till the murder should be avenged, the mark would remain. I have heard that, some years ago, a man who was about to suffer the sentence of the law in England, for some robbery committed on re- turning from transportation, had confessed guilty of that crime. However, the indent still remained, and for aught I know, does to the present day. In four-and-twenty hours from the time of our starting from Sydney, we, reached Parramatta—a distance, per- haps, of sixteen or seventeen miles, though now the road makes it but fifteen. I have since seen it trotted over, from turnpike to turnpike (say fourteen miles), within the hour, by a black mare not more than fifteen hands high, rode by a gentleman not less than thirteen stone weight! The township now called, Parramatta, was at first named Rose-hill ; but before he had transmitted his despatches to England, after the establishment and naming of that place, Governor Phillip discovered that the native name of the site of his new town was more appropriate than that which he had given it. Parramatta is a compound word, signifying the " head of the river." Port Jackson continues above Sydney, to form bays and coves, some of which run inland considerably, and finish in creeks, but no one in what can properly be called a river ; it is navigable for craft of consi- derable burden for eight or ten miles above Dawes' Point ; but at that distance, it widens very much, and becomes very shallow—so as, at neap tides, to have but a very narrow (navigable) channel even for boats, leaving immense beds of mud uncovered. Mangroves cover the low banks, and, in deed, grow in the salt mud, detached from the main land, and are not only insulated by the flowing tide, but are bathed by it to one-third their height. Above " the flats," the course is much narrowed, and its banks become alternately low and lofty, till it has extended to about eighteen miles above Sydney, when the bed is changed from mud to slaty rock, on which the ebb-tide fails to leave a channel. On its left bank, ascending, is the town, at the " head of the river, '' Parramatta. Above the bridge, connecting the town with a suburb on the right bank, all character of a river is entirely lost, even at high tide ; it becomes a mere creek, or rather a chain of ponds, without current, and in dry summers, almost without water. The town is just a mile in length, from the wharf to the government-house, by a street which runs parallel to the river. I have said the government-house—confusing it, per- haps, with the real one at Sydney—for this is no more than a country residence of the governor's, though Sir Thomas Brisbane lived there almost entirely. It is pleasantly situated on a rising ground, in what is now a handsome park. The width of the town is about a quarter of a mile, and it is bounded on two sides by a long hill, which runs, for its whole length, parallel to George-street, and the river, and, bending round, forms the activity on which the govern- ment-house is seated. The plain on which the town is, though very level, is sufficiently above the river to afford the means of keeping it perfectly dry and well drained; yet Parramatta is not considered very healthy—and one reason for its insalubrity, I believe to be, a sort of malaria, occa- sioned by the continual dampness, which might, I have said, be easily remedied. Parramatta has increased, however, almost in the same ratio that Sydney has; but I do not think that it will continue to do so. At present, the high road to the fertile districts on the Hawkesbury necessarily lies through it ; but if, at any time, a communication from Sydney to the north shore—and a chain bridge would easily effect it—the distance to that, and many other very improving parts of the colony, will be greatly shortened; and Parramatta will, at best, but stand still. The only public buildings in the town are a church and a hospital. On the hill to the south are the military barracks ; and, higher up, towards the government-house, is the par- sonage, a neat cottage-villa. On the opposite, or north bank of the river, are the gaol and factory—the latter a sort of barrack for the female convicts who are not at service, where they are employed in the manufacture of a sort of coarse woollen cloth. On the same side, but considerably lower down, there are some neat cottage residences ; and below them, and below the town altogether, opposite Mr. Macar- thur's, is the female orphan asylum. Mr. Macarthur's is at the other extremity of the town from the government- house, and is more like the establishment of an English country gentleman, than perhaps any thing in the colony besides. At the time when I first arrived in Parramatta, it was little more than a mere straggling hamlet ; and even now it is not a properly condensed town, but it has its hotels (and very good ones, too,) its market, and its fair. It is to Par- ramatta that stage coaches regularly run from Sydney ; and thither the mates of merchant-ships hie, to spend a holiday and to see the country ! The friend, to whose family I went on a visit, had—what was then, and what, I believe, is now — the finest orchard in the town. In front, towards George-street, the house was shrouded in a grove of orange trees and laburnums ; and from the back of it there was a beautiful avenue of orange, lemon, and lime trees, which finished in a large Cape mul- berry arbour. To the right and left were evergreen and de- ciduous peach trees, mingled with apricot, nectarine, apple, pomegranate, fig, chesnut, English mulberry, and a great variety of other fruit-trees— some still with bending boughs, and others turning to the " sere and yellow leaf." The walls were bordered with rose-trees, geraniums, and a hundred beautiful and odoriferous shrubs, that in this country bloom but to die. My holidays there were among the pleasantest I ever passed ; there the ghosts haunted me not — although, in the very next house, a murder had been committed not very long before, + and the house itself had frequently been broken into by midnight burglars ! I lived in the colony long enough to see great changes in that place, and in the persons who rendered it to me most interesting. Time, and his great auxiliary—Death—has since made much greater. W_ ____G. * The Colonial generic name for the aborigines. † An anecdote occurs to me connected with that murder, that I cannot pass over. The man who committed it suffered for the crime, and his body was hung in chains on the hill to the south of the town, near the spot where the mi- litary barracks now stand. He had two children—a boy and a girl : the latter was put into the Orphan Asylum, and the lad remained at Parramatta, I think, apprenticed at the Lumber-yard. At the time of their father's execution, the poor boy was not more than twelve or thirteen years of age ; but, within a very short time after the body was gibbetted, he went alone one night, took it down, and buried it ! 