BtHPliina fíiitcUicriiíT. On Wednesday last sailed, on a speculative trip, the brig Dragon, Captain Forbes. The Governor Phillip, for Norfolk Island, and the Resolution, for Port Dalrymple, are announced to sail this day ; the Countess of Harcourt, for the Isle of France, and the John Bull, for the sperm fishery, on the 14th instant. ON casting an eye to our English Selec- tions, which continue to occupy our columns rather largely from tho very latest Journals in. the Colony, the Reader will perceive, under the hoad "Parliamentary Papers," that tho estimates for miscellaneous services, for tho year 1827, have been printed, from which it appears that New South Wales is still burden- some on the Mother Country, without the ex- pense of conveying prisoners to ; he Colonies, to the tune of £120,00» ! Our Opposition Journals have been pretty fervent in their outcry against the pittance of £00,000 or £70,000 collected in the Colony, by means of duties, to assist in the defrayment of the pub- lic expenses, but what will they say, when it is demonstrated to them that such a sum, vast as it may appear to their contacted vision, is only about one-third of tho actual expense which 'this Colony unavoidably continuos to be to the Mother Country. Despite of all our agricul- tural prosperity-the increasing cotnmcrcp of tho Country-the extent of our fine fleece the immense wealth that the neighbouring fisheries present-together with all our other interminable resources, yet the tale is too true, that England, the land of our fathers, of our relatives, of our liberties, is necessitated to maintain a Country, the inhabitants of which start back with amazement at the idea of being called upon to pay onefarthing oniot three farthings towards their own support ; when we are capacitated, if the Ministers un- derstood our condition rightly, to indemnify the Mother Country (i. e. bear our own ex- penses) to the extent of every pound which is laid out in our behalf. If wc only had Trial by Jury, and an extended and opeu Council of at least 20 or 30 Members, half to be chosen by the People, only in case it should be imagined ' wo arc yet unadapted to bear t',,e same degree . of liberty, of which the most poverty-stricken West India Island can make its boast, in the . enjoyment of a popular Representative As- sembly-we say, in case something were done even by these means, that Australia would soon be in a condition to support herself, pro. vided that, for tho next 20 or 30 years, Eng- land continued to send out their refuse convicted population to these shores, without which potent aid from the Mother Country, the Colony would bo utterly inadequate to make those strides in power and aggran- dizement for which it has been distinguished within the last 5 or 7 years. On several oc- casions we have shewn the blindness of people, in England, preferring the Canadas for the pur -po'-e of emigration to New South Wales. The 'distance, certainly, is a great object; but, then, aiichshould no longer be viewed with so friendly or economical an eye as it lias been, since, in North America, the winter is most appalling, besides which, industry is not always sure of meeting with its reward. In New South Wales we have no bitter and petrifying season in the year-in fact it may be said wo have no win'er. "In New South Wales, too, let a man .only be honest, industrious, an I sober,and we defy iiiin, in the possession of such qualifica- tions, to be long- without the most ample means ¿of comfortable support. If ho be single, his in- dustry will speedily be crowned with abun- dance ; if he have a family, his wife and children will enj«y plenty to eat, and a suffi .cieney of «lothing. But competency, which would make the hearts of thousands upon thousands of our poor Irish brethren to dance . for joy, satisfies not, and in fact is very rarely .the portion of, the industrious and sober inha- bitant of this Colony ; being soon blessed -with a competency, he advances another step, .and aspires* after happy independence. This j» not the lot of one individual in our Conimu \- nity, in the wide and trackless range of torri . tory -which <we inhabit, but it is the province of-every man-whether he be politely bred, or humbly reared-who is an industrious man,; such is the influence of isolated IN DUSTHY, " the mother, the nurse, and the guardian of all virtues." Such is the im- mense disparity that we know exists -betwixt . -this Colony and the Canadas in reference to . ^Emigration, that we feel the most decided con- viction, were the fitet made clearly apparent in Great Britain and Ireland, ami more parti, cularly in the latter Country, that no indivi efhjaL in the possession of his senses, would í prefer migrating to Canada instead of New South Wales. We grant t' at the distance mi . have o formidable aspect to the person who has scarcely ev< r trusted himself on the sur- face of the ocean, hut when a man once deter- mines on bettering the condition of himself and family in a foreign laud, we would ad- vise such a «ne, in looking at the few extra thousands of miles, ti t to allow the present advantages to escape his observation, which present- themselves at the end oí the longest destination. Several Gentlemen, upon whose authority wo can safely rely, some of whom, too, have relatives moving in spheres of im- portant usefulness at home, have assured us, that were it known, in Ireland, that New South Wales possessed half the inducements to emigration, which we are all aware the Co- lony does, no Irishman would venture on a trip to Canada, in preference to a voyage to Australia. It is said, that if the facts, of which every Colonist is in possession, could I only be satisfactorily authenticated in the Mo- ther Country, the policy of the 'Cabinet, ? which has been hitherto engaged ip. diverting the tide of emigration to America, would no I longer avail, as in that case the minds of the ' people would become enlightened upon a sub- ject with which they are desirous of being ren- dered acquainted; and it is for this purpose, that wo again feel it our boundeii duty, as we commiserate the myriads of our fellow-crea- tures who are either in absolute want, or in the immediate expectation of so direful a ca- lamity, to advert to a topic that has too long escaped our attention. Let the Irish emi- grants turn their views lo the frieudfy, salu- brious, and prosperous shores of Australia, and when Canada, like some evil genius, will venture an intrusion IIJKJII the undecided and wavering mind, ht them calculate upon the savage winter which inhabi.s that region, and also recollect that oven industry, with all its train of consequent blessednesses, at certain seasons of the year, will, like the orb of day, in the time of Joshua, be at a stand-..! ill. We take the late ni* ivals, from Great Britain di- rect, of emigrants, as the'forerunners of those immense influxes with which we shortly expect to witness this land of plenty overwhelmed. Whilst upon this topic, and 'ore wo con- clude, perhaps it will be as well to remove an impression that has obtained, through misap- prehension, which is by no means favourable to the cause of truth. Some of our public writers seem to entertain the idea that Eng- land should maintain the penal settlements of this Colony, such as Port Macquarie, More- ton Bay, Norfolk Island, Sec. it being alleged that the said settlements partake more of the British than the Colonial character. The refutation of this conceit is quite facile. If the prison population, instead of being, in the first instance, transported to New South Wales, were directed to be forwarded to the penal settlements, then, indeed, the position assumed by some of the writers of the day, would be valid ; but when the fact is known to he the reverse, and moreover when it is known that the penal settlements derive their constitution as such, from the convictions that take place immediately in the Colony, we cer- tainly are at a loss, to divine, by what right the said settlements can he construed into other than Colonial, and not British, incnin brances. Suppose, by way of removing this alleged grievance, that the Ministers were disposed to abandon these penal settlements, an account of the expenditure being purely Colonial, would the Colonists, we ask, fancy this re-convicted population being allowed to roam al large in the various towns, even with NECK c ti A INS, as Dr. Wardell recommended. We feel convinced that the outcry would then be greater and stronger than ever. The penal settlements cannot therefore be termed sub- jects of British expenditure, when convicts are not sent thither direct from Great Britain. The convicts of the penal settlements constitute the refuse population of. the parent Colony, and as we are glad to get rid of thom at any r.ite, it is only reasonable that we should be at the expense of keeping them in those dis- tant parts of the territory, where their labours can be directed to ' some serviceable end, and where hope may he still held out to in- duce reformation. The next argument that we may expect to see advanced will most likely be, that England should not only send her convict population to this Colony, for the exclusive benefit of the free Colonists, and of those who are d lily arriving at a state of li- berty, but also that the Colonial Treasury should maintain all the assigned prisoners of the Colony, or, in other words, that masters should be handsomely remunerated for their liberality and condescension in taking the prisoners off the hands of Government at auy price ! As for railing at the present Constitution of our Government, and the means by which the Colonial Treasury is supported, we are of opi- nion that it would be much more wise to hurl the missile weapon at the Parliament of Eng- land, by whose imperial fiat such deeds are legitimately executed. Magna Charta may be the basis of the Constitution of Great Bri- tain, but it has not yet become the basis of Australia's Constitution. One of the wisest men of antiquity has declared, that he had framed for his fellow-creatures not the best laws, but the best laws which they could bear. Such has been the case with us, Colonists of New South Wales. Hitherto we have had I i liberty only dawning upon our once benighted J isle-every day the light increases-and, in the fulness of time, we shall not only be pri- vileged with the " best laws we can-bear," as at present is the case, but, so soon as wé can prove to the Mother Country we are blest with a competency to maintain ourselves from within ourselves, we shall then be allowed to run riot in the unlimited and constitutional enjoyment of ¡hat freedom which has proudly rendered our venerated Mother Isle the EM- PRESS OF THE WORLD ! LIBELS.-The last Australian had no less than three or four libel-cases in its columns. The Reader is to understand that, for this, there was a certain object in view. Mr. Tho- mas Horton James, grower of tobacco, and alleged new proprietor of the Australian, aud for some time paragraphic and sccoudary leader Editor of that Journal, has boon ad- vised-we say not by whom, because in our Community, it is well understood-to bringan action against the Editor of the Sydney Ga- zette for re-publishing, in the course of report ¡tig a recent trial for libel, JAM US V. HOWE, the libel complained of ! ! ! This at- tempt at the barefaced concoction and geltirtg np of libels will doubtless excite the reproba- tion of all who hear the statement-but it is no less astonishing than true. Such an at- tempt to lay the purse of an individual under contribution was never tried in the worltl before, except where garbled reports of trials have been given ; but in the case which will shortly come before the Public in detail, the report of the trial will be found to have been made in the most impartial manner, and so far from any part of the proceedings under- going dis'ortion, Mr. NORTON, the Counsel for the Editor, actually is prepared to give evidence that, if there be a leaning, the in- clination is in favor of the plaintiff ! But lhere are dozens of others to speak to the same fact-supposing it possible that the Court, H ho disposed of the case, could have altogether lost sight of it. But for the mere iv- publication of the alleged libe1, without wh eli it would have been impossible to have re| orted such a trial, and for stating, in ano- ther part of our Paper, in a distinct and soli- tary paragraph, that a gentleman had been pigeon1 d to the tune of thousands, a second count in the charge of libel has been preferred against us, at the suit of the new Proprietor ami joint Editor of the Australian, at the instance of-- our old dearly-beloved friend. Did the adviser of this action ever remember such a charge of libel in his life before ? Is it not almost invariably the prac- tice, where a faithful report is given to the Public, to furnish the matter charged as lihel ? Is it not as much the practice to re-publish the libel, as it is customary and essential for the lawyer to statt*, and to read, the libel on the opening of the case ? Let any one that may be sceptical on this point, turu to the Gazette, of the Oth instant, mid a libel cause will ap- pear, wherein a very respectable Clergyman was accused of the most foul offences, by a Magistrate of the name of Tempest, in letters only through tho post, and not through the pages of a newspaper-and yet these scanda- lous libels, wherein £800 damages were justly given, a-, they were read to the Court, became the property of the Editors, and thus found their way into all the public prints throughout the world ! Further, let any one still sceptical on this point, only look at the last number of the Australian, of the 8th in- stant, and they will find no less than three trials for libel in England copied from London newspapers, in every one of which the libels are RE-PUB M SHE» ! Most respectfully and with every possible deference to his high editorial standing, we beg to invite the atten- tion of Dr. WARDELL, the retiring Editor of the Australian, to those facts, and we have no doubt that thcleariicd gentleman will prompt, ly convince his friend, Mr. JAMES, that the adviser of this last mentioned action has advised such a. proceeding under a misappre- hension of the law. Not that we care one jot I about the issue of the trial-wc look at it as a public question-and if it be libellous to in- troduce the matter alleged as libellous ina law report, wc shall be glad of ascertaining the fact in time ; and if we have erred, it has biîen in adopting the custom that has invariably and universally prevailed in the Mother Country. We would ask, whether it is most injurious to a man's character, to give certain pithy points of a lihel, or to furnish the whole ? In the one case a sentence or word may be so extrac- ted, as, for ever, to blast the fairest reputa- tion-a reputation that has never been sullied by any crime; whereas, in the latter, justice is done by the insertion of the entire article, and the Public arc left to form their own im- pressions of the malevolence or innocence of ti«» alleged libellous matter. We are to be told, too, by the same authority, that an Edi- tor is to be brought before a Court, and to an- swer for a libel, because it is said some gentle- man has been so pigeon'd-when it is not an- nounced, in the most distant way, by whom he has been so pigeon'd. Admitting it possible that witnesses ? ould so far forget the sanctity of an oath as to affirm that such an expression alluded to such a person, will that do to sa- tisfy a Court of Justice, when there's not the ghost of aninuendo, without which the charge of libel meets an instant death, to support the assertion. Supposing that the paragraph had loudly asserted, instead of saying that a cer- tain gentleman had been pigeon'd, that he had been ROBBED, would that justify any member of society to stand forward and pro- claim that he was alluded to, and pointed at, ! as the thief.' There must be something to support au inuendo, but if there be any thing of the kind pointing to Mr. JAMES, upon the 'face of the paragraph, and the Court will not look at this or that man's impression, they will only look at what is in print, then we shall be content to pay the severest damages that our Judges, and two Assessors, can impose. Another curious coincidence occurred to us, on perusing the libel cases in the last Austra- lian. A paradel trial, with that of James v. Howe, is to be seen in the first column of the last page. The gist of the libel consisted in the Editor of The Age newspaper branding the plaintiff as A LIAR ! The libel was proved, and a verdict was given-but not 1'ifly Pounds by a pair of Assessors-on the contrary, the verdict returned was, for Forty (Shillings!/.' So much for Trial by Jury. For the Magistrates, as a Body, we shall al- ways entertain proper respect ; but we «ay, when the Ministers took it upon tbtmaelvei to prolong the New South Wales Act another year, it would have been tho very apex of humanity in them, by vh'tue of the protraoted Act, which we were in hopes had been safely lodged in kingdom come, to have entreated His MAJESTY, most graciously, to have granted to us, in New South Wales, the dry Civil Right of Trial by Jury. No one will feel astonished at the way in which We inva- riably deliver ourselves on this subject ; but have we not reason for apprehension, however sincerely we esteem some of the Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace, and respect others, when we recollect that no less than SEVEN Magistrates, who are also Assessors of the Supreme Court, at " one fell swoop," imagined themselves amalgamated in a dis- pute betwixt us and Dr. Di Min NT Y ! These Gentlemen are doubtless as upright and con- scientious as the Judges of the land, but how, in the name of that august and glorious BEING, who searcheth the hearts and trieth the reius of man, ure we to divest ourselves of apprehension, under such circumstances ? We make this statement to demonstrate the reasonableness and the necessity of Trial by Jury. But we shall never ask ////; parties at the bottom and at the top of this unprece- dented action to give us a Jury. No, no ; we shall trust to the Assessors, on this occasion. The Directors of the London Missionary Society manifest strong symptoms of alarm at certain expeditions that have been lately set on foot in France, for the extension of po- litical power, and the diffusion of papal authority, amongst that extensive group of islands, long designated " The Society Islands." We only trust that these Christian- ised nations will, at once, see through the cloak of these holy demises, and give them that reception which their attempt richly de- serves. Whatever may be the extent of the designs either of the Court, the merchants, or the Priests of France, as regards the So- ciety und other Islands in the South Pacific, of this fact wc are well satisfied, that all their power, aided by the Pope himself in person, can accomplish nothing against the truth. It is not pleasing, however, for any Mission- ary Body to contemplate the possibility of the temporary destruction of ali their hopes and labours ; but, as " the truth as it is in JESUS" shall, ultimately prevail, these mysterious pro- vidences must bo left to the over- ruling care of HIM, who "holds the winds in his fists," and who is rapidly effecting the destruction of the Beast. As for the political influence the French, or the Americans, of whose move- ments in these seas we have also heard some- thing, such things are not to be regarded. We should have no objection, now that New Holland and Van Diemen's Land are the pro- perty of the British Crown, if half the navy of the world were stationed in our immediate vicinity, since that, of itself, would tend to the advancement of that day, which we daily see approach, when Australia .shall stand con iest the Queen of the Isles iu the Southern world. If foreign Powers can afford to sustain navies in these seas, none will dispute that " the wooden walls of Old England" are inca- pable of flying to our aid. We shall never be afraid of the French, Americans, or any other nation. We stand in need of something of the kind to bring us into notice, as after a few .unavoidable battles by sea and land, it would indeed bo "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA." Having been politely favoured with an ex- tract of a letter from the Directors of the London Missionary Society, we beg to present the same, being pretty confident it will prove interesting : " Wc understand tnat a vessel, from 460 to 480 tons, whose name we have not been able to as- certain, said to have been fitted out by au eminent banker at Paris, nailed from Havre on the 9th of April last, on board of which were embarked 8 or 10 Catholic priests, some of whom were to be sta- tioned at Hawaie,* and the rest at Oahu, where Mr. Ellis laboured. ' Her course was as follows; Rio, Lima, probably Acapulco, Sandwich Islands, and Cbina. That Le Télégraphe, titled out by a respect- able mercantile house mt Bourdeaux, sailed from that port on the 31st July last, bound to Chili and Peru. The L'ange Gardien, Armateur Gurin Ma laqua, sailed about 4 months ago, from Bourdeaux, and took out musical instrument«, but no priests. Le Cométe, Captain Plassiard, of 600 tons, belonging to the house ¡it Bourdeaux already alluded to, sailed from th;¡t port on the 2d of December last. She has 40 seamen on board, and many passengers, among whom are G or 8 Catholic priests. This vessel took on board one or more organs, and several cases, of which the contents arc unknown, except that two of them are declared " Órnemeos 'Eglise." Besides the passengers already mentioned, there were engineer officers, with artillery and ammunition, and artizant of every description, agricultural implements, &c.; &c.; in short every thing necessary for forming a Colong, which it is understood, is to be formed at Tahiti. There were also on board two sugar refiners for Oahu, with the requisite utensils. There were also a letter press for the same place. This vessel, we understand, is bound in the first place to Lima, and will afterwards touch at Sanwuati, and the coast of California, then proceed to the Society Islands. Another vessel is expected to follow to the Pacific in the month of May next. On hoard the vessels which have sailed from Bourdeaux, have been shipped, what we may call, the paraphernalia of Popery, con- sisting of splendid vestments, crucifixes, &c.; &c.; There is also an elegant temple, or church, in frame, and a great variety of philosophical apparatus, in- cluding galvanic instruments, &c.; The Priests of different orders, have been selected for their imposing personal, appearance, and captivating address, and are accompanied by numerous attendants. The immediate object of the expedition is supposed to be the supplanting of the Protestant Religion in the islands mentioned, and the cstablisment of Popery in its stead, together with a political influence oner the Islanders, to be rendered in the issue subservient to commercial undertakings, which there is reason to believe are the ulterior and principal objects in view. " The expedition is said to be warmly patronised by the Royal Family, and Ecclesiastical Dignitaries of France ; and that the King has appointed a large sum for defraying the expense of the Papal branch of the ciiterprize.". . Sandwich Ulundi. The GOVERNOR did not pay his usual visit to the capital on Tuesday, owing to in- disposition ; but we feel much pleasure in announcing that Hu EXCELLENCY is re covering apace from the attack. We are authorised, and we have the plea- sure to state, that the Companies of the 57th Regiment at Sydney, at the benevolent sug- gestion of the Commanding Officer, have subscribed to the Naval and Military Bible Society the sum of £5 13s, The Auniv«*mries of the Wesleyan Brauch Missionary Societies, in the Districts of th» Hawkesbury and the Nepean, were held in tho beginning of the present week. On Monday evening the Meeting, at Windsor, was nume ronsly and respectably attended, and unani- mously called to the chair the worthy Police Magistrate of the town, ARCHIBALD BELL, Esq. who, in a speech of considerable ability, very clearly stated the objects of the Institu- tion, and the important benefits which had re- sulted from Missionary oxer i ion to the inhabi tan s of this Colony. In the course of the evening many interés ling addresses were deli- vered by the Rev. Messrs. ERSKINE, LEIGH, MANSFIELD, HORTON, TURNER, and CROSS, whose motions were seconded by se- veral respectable lay-gentlemen on the plat- form. The contributions, both at Windsor and the other places, were very liberal, and sufficiently marked the zealous good-will with which the Hawkesbury people continue to regard the holy cause of Christian Missions. JOHN HERRING BROUGHTON, Esq. was yesterday sworn in, before His HONOR Mr. ' JUSTICE STEPHEN, as an Attorney aud So- licitor of the Supreme Court. He who can make use of fiction in order to give himself an air of importance in the public estimation, cannot be much depended upon as a public writer, because his inordinate appe- tite to swallow every thing which may feed his vanity, is sure to have the effect of warp- ing his judgment in estimating the value of passing events. " The Australian and Mo nitor newspapers," says the screaming bucket monger, "are greedily sought after (at home) the Monitor being as yet but partially known ! ! !" It would really require Hie sto- mach of an ostrich to digest this thumper ; for how that can be greedily sought after which is scarcely known, will doubtless stagger the most credulous ; however, it may go down with the marines ! The present Commissioner of the Court of Requests, has made an order for the retire- ment from the bar, of some of the practi- tioners who were permitted to plead by Mr. Holland. Dr. Douglass has stated that lie will not allow any person to appear as an advo- I cato before him, who would not be eligible in the Supreme Court. | It is said that another series of Amateur Concerts are about to be established in Syd- ney. It appears that Mr. Solomon Levey, who was a subscriber to the late concerts, was commissioned by the Members to purchase instruments, and other articles, in England, for their use, which, it is stated, have arrived by the Elizabeth ; Mr. Levey, of course, not being aware of the dissolution of the Harmonic Body, since his departure from the Colony. An eye-witness has informed us of a most savage piece of barbarity which was perpe- trated, at Woolloomooloo, on Wednesday last. A young heifer had strayed within the Vene- rable the Archdeaco .'s grounds, at Wolluo mooloo, and having been observed by one of the servants, instead of being impounded as a trespasser, was hunted down, at the fellow's instigation, by a dozen of dogs, which he collected together, until the poor animal, to escape the fury of her pursuers, was obliged to plunge into the water, still followed by the doga, who fastened themselves in various parts of her head and body. A number of persons witnessed the transaction from the Government Domain, some of whom waded as far as they could into the water, and by shouting, and other means, succeeded in driving off the fu- rious dogs, but were unable to render any assistance to the heifer, which remained strug- gling for upwards of half an hour before she came near enough to the shore for some of the labourers from the adjacent quarry to wade in, and, after considerable difficulty, drag her on the beach, where she lay to all appear- ance dead. Surely, the law which has pro- vided a means of punishing; the owners of cattle who, through negligence or otherwise, permit them to trespass upon the p. émises of others, will not sanction so wanton an act as we have described, and which the rascally perpetra or would never have dared to com- mit, had he supposed it would have been thus brought under the notice of the Archdeacon. The venerable Earl of Shrewsbury died on the 6th of April last, after an illness of many years' duration. His Lordship was in the 77th year of his age ; and it is reported that he died possessed of nearly a million of money, independent of landed anti other property. In the north of Sweden they ha e neither pears, cherries, plums, nor indeed any kind of fruit, produced by cultivation ; but nature has been sufficiently bountiful to the inhabitants in pouring forth a profusion of wild and delicious dainties. Among these, as the most abun- dant, may be mentioned no less than six spe- cies of raspbe.ries, besides white, red, and black currants, which grow wild in all the forests. Sir Humphrey Davey has writen home from Italy, ?ignifyinü: his resignation of tin office of President of t e Royal Society. It has not, as yet, bee1» foi lually accepted; but Mr. Davits Gilbert and Lord Col- - chester have bien already naaied at his .uccessoiB. j A LIVERY-MAN.-The daughter of a highly respectable tradesman in Cheapside, having lately run off with and married a foot- \ man, the father, relating the circumstance to a confidential friend, observed, " Yet, I wish to forgive the girl, and receive her husband, I as it is now too late to part them. But, then, his condition ! How can I introduce him ?" " How !" replied his companion, " why in- troduce him as a livery-man of the City of London-what is more honourable !" The father took the hint; and his son-in-law is now to be seen, instead of standing behind, riding inside the carriage, the envy of other livery-men less fortunate. The great Sir Edward Coke was dreaded by the Court of Charles I. as a powerful opposer ' in the House; and to prevent his standing to , be chosen in Parliament, he was marked down j to serve as Sheriff in the county (Buckingham), j Coke objected that he could not in conscience | take the usual oath,'which binds the Sheriff to | destroy and root out all Lollards. His objec- ' turn was over-ruled, and bj was made to serve. 