CHARACTER OF THE LATE MR. FOOTE. He was a very extraordinary man, and had talents which he abused. He abounded in wit, humour, and sense; but he was so, fond of detraction and mimicry, that he might be properly called buffoon; and they were a great blemish in his conversation, though he entertained you. He was gene- rally civil to your face, and seldom put you out of humour with yourself; but you paid for his civility the moment you turned your back, and were sure of being ridiculous. He was not so malignant as some I have known ; but his exces- sive vanity led him into satire and ridicule. He was vain of his classical knowledge (which was but superficial), and of his family, and used to boast of his numerous relations in the West of England. He was most extravagant and baubling, but not generous. He delighted in buying rings, snuff boxes, and toyes, which were a great expense to him ; and he lost money at play, and was a dupe with all his parts ; He loved wine and good living, and was a mighty pretender to skill in cookery, though he did not understand a table so well as he thought; he affected to like dishes and ragouts, and could not bear to eat plain beef or mutton, which showed a de- praved appetite ; he spared no expense in his dinners, and his wine was good. He was very disgusting in his manner of eating, and not clean in his person; but he was so plea- sant, and had such a flow of spirits, that his faults and foibles were overlooked. He always took the lead in company and was the chief or sole performer. He had such a rage for shinings and such an itch for applause, that he often brought to my mind Pope's lines to the Duke of Wharton:— ' Though senates hung on all he spoke, The mob must hail him master of the joke. ' " He loved lord's company, though he gave airs of des- posing them, and treating them cavalierly. He was licenti- ous and sensual—made a jest of religion and morality, and of all worthy men. He told a story very pleasantly, and added many circumstances of his own invention to heighten it. He had a good choice of words, and apt expressions, and could speak very well upon grave subjects; but he soon grew tired of serious conversation, and returned naturally to his favourite subject, mimicry, in which he did not excel ; for he drew caricatures by which he made you laugh more than a closer mimic. He was a coarse actor, yet he played the parts in his own plays better than any who have appeared in them since his death ; for instance, Major Sturgeon, Air- castle, Cadwallader, &c.; "He had a flat vulgar face, without expression ; but where a part was strongly ridiculous he succeeded, for he always ran into farce ; so that I have been often surfeited with him on the stage, and never wished to see him twice in the same character. Though he wanted simplicity in acting, yet he was a very good judge of the stage, but so unfair, and so disposed to criticise, that you could not depend, upon his opinion. " As a writer, he certainly had merit, and afforded great entertainment to the town for many years. If he had taken more pains in finishing his pieces, they would have been equal to most of our comedies ; but he was too indolent, and too idle to carry them to perfection. "Upon the whole, his life and character would furnish a subject for a good farce, with an instructive moral. It would appear that parts alone are of little use without prudence or virtue ; and, that flashes of wit and humour only give a mo- mentally pleasure, but not solid entertainment." BANISTER's TRIAL SCENE BEFORE CARRICK. "I was shown into his dressing-room, when he was before the glass preparing to shave — a white nightcap covered his forehead— his chin sind^heeks were enveloped 'in soap-sucls— a razor-clotlr was 'placed upon his left-.t's-hbuldeTj- arid he turned and smdothedthe shining blade with' so -much dexte rity, that I longed for a beard,- to imitate' his' incoinparatle metlipd of;, handling the. razor.' ? ? .; ' - ' ? ; ; '??-._ *.' 'Eh! well — what young man — so— eh!— ^-You are still for the stage ? ? 'Well, now^ what* ciiarac'Jer do you, 'should you like to — -eh,?* . - - ? : r v : ? ; -?? i .. :;' 'Ishpuld-Iike to attempt Hamlet,. Sir.' ? v.-.-- ?'- : „ ' 'Eh ! what; Hamlet' the Dane ?: Zoundis ! that's a bold —a— have .you slndied. Uie . part ?— -M have, Sii ;*?=—« Well, don't mind my shaving., .' Speak y'our speech to the Ghost— I.caii hear you. Comc,-let*s,have'a roll and a tumble.' '(A phrase of his, often usecl-to express a probationary specimen;) -'.-After a.fcw hums and haws; arid a disposing of my hair.sothat it might stand.on end,. ? like quills upon'thefre^ ful porcupine,' I supposed my father's ghost before me, « arm'U cap-arpie, and off I started. ., . ? ..'-Angels ami ininistcrs of grace defend us | . . '. y : ::? r-..'ri --'??? * ^ '-- : '''Hi ' '? ' [He wiped llic razor. Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin .c}.i-im'd ! ? ?, :-- ! . *?- . .:??.' .?:'??;; - '? ?:'?:.. ,??.;;. . ;- ? ? [Me stropped it. Bring_\vitl» tl-ec airs from lieav'n, or blasts from lioll! .- '. »_.?--.. . ,-. ? '? . ? '.-. ' ' '? FHe sliavod on. j iiou com si in such a questionable slmpc, ' ?- .?-.- ; ?'? 'i!/ini'r«ill'sppflk-i;o ilic'e.' Vl\ cnJI.t'lK-o liamlct ! ; Kfn^f, KhtI^f,*Riii3'!il Dane?—- O, aus\Vcr me! ' Iic't-inc^nptfibui'sl'ii'r igntiraiice*.'c* ''?'-. '-:';: ! ^-;'iv---«^-^t;--!-: ; ?: fjije latliered againi : T concluded willi the usual, ', ' ??????? ? ? '-Shy, wliy jsillis? wlicreforo? what slioul-I*#e do? . 'but still.cbritinuediiri mydtJitude^ex^ieSfiii^ tlie praise due' to an exhibition, 'which' I;was'b*oob3r;eno'%hi to fancy was oiily ito b&equalled; .by' hitnselfi:' 'BuV tb'ihy; 'eternal' ni'ortificatioVi; [he.tumed quick. upon ; me, b^irfdashed4hB- razor in His* iiaind; and thrustirTg;hte*fiu'f sliaved-face Close up to mine, lie' made fuch /iqrriliu^Moief/t.i atrme, rthat I. thought :Iie%as'sei7.ed jWith insanityj- arid I -slid wed. mord na'turalssyimptbnisrqf ;. be ing frightened at him, than at ray father's gliSsr.1 '?'Angels and . ministers! yawl whaw r'may?-!'4O.Hdiwever, I soon per-! ceived my' vanityby his.ridicul.e:-'- He_ finished his shaving, putbrilhis wig, 'and with arsmile of gdod nature, he took me1 byVtliehand. ' Come, , said he; - 'young gentleman— -eh, let us see.no.w jvhat- we -jando:' -^He spoke: the- speech-^-// oto he.spoJcehVthose who haye he*d him'- can hev.er forget. — ' There,' said he, 'young gehlleman';1 and^ .wlien you try that speech «gain- give it morerp}pisx6?il and les^'%ovtA.l ' FRENCH AUTHORS.---Piron's tragedy of Gustavus was vehemently hissed and driven from the stage, which induced Voltaire to triumph at his failure. The latter wit soon after produced his Zara, and on meet- ing Piron exclaimed, "Well, you see, I escaped with- out a single hiss." "True" replied Piro audience cannot hiss and yawn together." A CANDID CONFESSION.---A learned divi the head of a college stood candidate for a professor- ship, which happened to be vacant at the time his lady was delivered of a boy. A friend having called on the Doctor about the time of the professorship was decided, to congratu- late him on the birth of his son, in the usual phrase "wished him joy," the Doctor being rather deaf, and mistaking his meaning, having lost his election, replied rather peevishly--- "I didn't get it—I didn't get it."—Irish Paper. Leo XII, is supposed to be a great admirer and ad- vacate of the ancient regime---of ancient manners and customs---and of wishing to bring his subjects to a great severity of morals and appearance. Thus, ac- cording to the plan of reform, he has published edicts by which he forbids drinking in wine-houses. Those who are dry are obliged to buy, through a grate, the measure of wine, and either to drink it standing in the street, or it carry it home. A boy, three years of age, was particularly back- ward in his tongue, and his parents feared that he would never talk.—"Send him to a girls' school," said a friend. The hint was taken, and it succeeded beyond expectation. 