SYDNEY GAZETTE, AND NEW SOUTH WALES ADVERTISER. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1827. " What stronger breast-plate, than a heart untainted ? Thrice is he armed, that hath his quarrel just!" SHAKESPEARE. WE have long refrained from attending to those friendly insinuations and fraternal inuendoes which have occasionally bespat- tered the columns of our contemporaries, in reference to the Officialty of our Journal, be- cause we thought such effusions unentitled to regard at our hands ; and as we ever considered ourselves secure in the good opi- nion of His Majesty's Colonial and Home Governments, and as the Public were ap- prised and satisfied that the Constituted Authorities of Australia had nought to do with our political discussions, we certainly considered it would be a work of superero- gation, on our part, to come forward and formally sound our own trump, in respect- fully but firmly maintaining our Rights. The late attacks, however, of our contemporaries, and especially the Australian, our old and venal friend, demand from us an explanation which we have long felt reluctant to afford, purely because we feel we are indolent and feeble advocates in our own cause. But silence, any longer, might possibly be at- tended with injurious consequences to our Journal, and upon that ground we feel jus- tified in entering into the merits of a ques- tion, with which no one would interfere, except he possessed the spirit of the Austra- lian Editor. What that spirit is, we leave our Readers to pronounce. During the latter end of the late Go- vernment, some of our friends---who were equally the friends of Sir THOMAS BRIS- BANE, and the friends of every former Go- vernor---attempted to work on His EXCEL- LENCY'S mind, at " one fell swoop," to deprive us of our birth-right, in not merely destroying the title " SYDNEY GAZETTE," but in contemplating the destruction of the Official air which was given by Governor KING to our paternal Predecessor, as a grant, as a bonus, as an inducement to un- dertake that task, which His then Excel- lency, in the commencement of 1803, pro- nounced impracticable of success. But Governor KING was deceived, and we say he was gratifyingly deceived. Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, however, obligingly consulted us on the dastardly, attempt that was made to deprive our children of their support, and we indignantly but respectfully told His EXCELLENCY our mind. Sir THOMAS admired our firmness, and acted with jus- tice. He replied to the ragamuffins, that Mr. HOWE was the loyal friend, the disin- terested supporter of His Majesty's Govern- ment in these Colonies, and he would never tarnish his Administration with an act of such gross injustice. There the matter re- posed, until His present EXCELLENCY en- tered upon the duties of His exalted station. The GOVERNOR had scarcely been here a week before the very same subject---sore and bitter as it was---became introduced. We told His EXCELLENCY that the attempt was made in His Predecessor's time---and we stated to Him it was calculated to ruin our hopes, feeling as we did that it was a poor re- turn for risking our all for His Majesty's Government. His EXCELLENCY expressed himself handsomely on the subject, and in a thousand directions, and in instances in- numerable, we have ascertained that the present GOVERNOR has only one object in view concerning us, and that is to promote our interests---not to blast them. His Ex CELLENCY, however, having condescend- ingly informed us that he had Home instructions on this head, we thought the affair varied in its aspect, and came to the determination, after repeated applications, as far as was consistent with our Right, and compatible with our interests, to fall in with the views of' His Majesty's Government. We relinquished the words " Published by Authority," but this was merely pro tempore, and in order to shew our accustomed dispo- sition to oblige, since we were determined to resume that Right the moment our pro- perty in our title became questionable ; this abandonment, however, we esteemed a mere bagatelle, so long as we retained the Officially that still characterizes our Journal. But this voluntary act, on our part, seems not to have produced the effect de- sired either by the Authorities or our ene- mies, and especially by Dr. WARDELL, who, we know, was playing his cards in a certain direction for the first six months in the last year, fully anticipating that we should be kicked out, and that he, mighty, and learned, and honourable as he is, would have been installed into office. But His MAJESTY would never have confirmed such a political enemy, as we have been confirmed, in the arduous duties of Government Printer. About a fortnight since we attended a second or third Board, consisting of the Honorable the Colonial Secretary, the Private Secretary, and the Commissary of Accounts. We were informed, that His EXCELLENCY was desirous of having an Of- ficial Gazette printed, independently of our Journal. Though we were aware, in which opinion we are sanctioned and supported by the opinions of some of the first Personages in the Colony, and all the High Personages out of the Colony, now in England, that a new Gazette would be attended with ex- pence to the Crown, and effect no earthly good, we, to shew our disposition to comply with the instructions that His EXCEL- LENCY had received from Downing-street, made a proposal---and such an one that we have ever since felt ashamed of, when we rememher our own exertions in behalf of the Government, and consider our children, whose only inheritance is that Paper which the Australian, and other inveterate foes, would attempt to destroy. The Governor, very properly, directed an enquiry into the legality of our Copy-right, and had not this fact escaped the Acting Attorney Ge- neral's Office, and been widely propagated to the diminution of our influence---a very important feature in a Journalist--- we should never have deigned to notice the scurrilities and untruths that have appeared in the public prints, and especially in the Australian. Though we are not quite friendly with the Acting Attorney General, on account of some political feelings, yet we had too firm a reliance in his conscience, and in his honour, and in his legal knowledge, to fear the most rigid scrutiny ; but it was unfortunate that an affair of such moment, as regarded a faith- ful servant of the Crown---a 25 years' ser- vant---was not kept more secret. However we blush not for the disclosure. The GO- VERNOR had a right to institute this en- quiry---the result of which, however, has not yet been communicated to us. We assu- redly have felt, and most acutely too, the sly insinuations and direct charges of our contemporaries, and but for the manifesta- tion of such scurrility we should still have screened ourselves from public ken. Only for the last leader in the Australian, the ob- ject of which is to annoy the Government AT OUR EXPENSE, undoubtedly we should have allowed our enemies to fire away. The Doc- tor, it is clear, still indulges the hope of ul- timately gaining his cause, which he conti- nues to plead so ingeniously and disinteres- tedly. But why does he not, as a man---as an Englishman (or as a Yorkshireman)---as a lawyer, assert and prove that the Govern- ment possess an interest in our Copy-right, and that nothing is more easy, and less hazar- dous, than to deprive the Sydney Gazette of its Official costume, and that the same can be effected, to the sacrifice of all principle, without rendering the Proprietor the most tri- fling compensation ? Such a legal dictum would be in perfect consonance with the edi- torial dogma to which Dr. Wardell pertina- ciously adheres, and which we cannot avoid again introducing--- \--------" We feel no inclination to con- demn people for resorting to any expedient by which immediate relief may be obtained !" In his last leader, the facetious Doctor would fain insinuate that we have been giv- ing the sentiments of the GOVERNOR---that His EXCELLENCY speaks his mind, respect- ing Trial by Jury and a House of Assem- bly, through our columns---and that, there- fore, whether or no the Government is mixed up and incorporated with the line of politics we chose to pursue, and that so far the Go- vernment is necessarily responsible. The Heavens and the Earth know this to be untrue---and the whole world, by this time, pretty well understand, that no earthly power should dictate to us what course we should steer in our Editorial functions. Ra- ther than be subject to such slavery, we would retire in disgust, and make the world ring again with our vociferations for justice. We believe the Government itself has never yet seen the advantages it possesses in the establishment of a Journal so conducted as the SYDNEY GAZETTE. It combines three distinct features. It is the London Ga- zette---it is the Courier---it is also the Times. To be plain---we are the Official Organ ; so far as the publication of Official Notifications extend. We act as the Courier, in defending and supporting the measures of the Administration. And, as the Times, we have our own peculiar line of policy, on behalf of the People, in return for which the People give us the preponderence of subscriptions and advertisements. An imi- tative London Gazette, therefore, or an Isle of France Gazette, will never, in any shape, equal the SYDNEY GAZETTE, though we are ready to execute the same for General DARLING, who we know in such a case would exercise that liberality which we have never yet experienced at the hands of any of his Predecessors. But, for us, with our eyes open, and in the full possession of our faculties, to abandon our interests in con- senting to destroy our Copy-right without FULL COMPENSATION, is to expect more than any human being would yield, though no Ministerial Paper in England ever more faithfully and successfully subserved the interests of Government, as we have in- variably defended every Administration of New South Wales, and that free of ex- pense to the Crown ; for it is a fact worthy of being recorded, that, in an Official docu- ment which Major GOULBURN received from us in the early part of 1822, we satis- factorily demonstrated, to that enlightened and upright Character, that we were execut- ing work for Government, of one kind and another, in our department, to the tune of from £600 to £800 per annum, for which we received a salary of £60 ! ! ! This well corresponds with the present clear income we stated the other day, of 75s. a-year ! Will the Home Government believe this ? Can the Colonial Government credit it ? We can prove it. The Australian, and also the Monitor, though we exonerate the latter from any base or sinister motive as regards ourselves personally, would insinuate to the Govern- ment, that, so long as the SYDNEY GA- ZETTE continues the Official Organ, so long will THE AUTHORITIES be annoyed by their castigatory and unprincipled effusions. How flimsy will such sophistry appear when looked into for a moment ! Suppose we had a Government Gazette in operation, and admitting that the Sydney Gazette became merely the Courier of the day, would that silence the Opposition Journals---and espe- cially such a blackguard and demoniac Journal as the Australian has proved, wherein the REPRESENTATIVE of the MONARCH has been repeatedly prostituted with the rabble ! In England there is the London Gazette, but are the Opposition Papers si- lent on that account ? Is it not well under- stood that the Courier, and other Papers, are supported, we say powerfully supported, by the Government, whereas we have to support ourselves---to fight our own battles \---to stand our own actions for libels---and to pay the costs ! In Ceylon the Govern- ment Gazette is the property of Govern- ment, because THE AUTHORITIES founded it; but it embraces all kinds of intelli- gence, exclusive of Official News. At the Cape the Gazette is also vested in the hands of Government, because it was similarly founded to the Ceylon Gazette ; but that also contains other than official information. The India Gazette is private property, and is conducted upon principles precisely si- milar to ours, though not so bold in its po- litics---for a fettered Press cannot manifest even its loyalty. The Royal Jamaica Ga- zette belongs to a Mr. Aickerman, and is private property, but is not confined exclu- sively to Official intelligence---indeed, it embraces every thing. The SYDNEY GAZETTE was founded by Mr. GEORGE HOWE. It is true an old Press, worth 40s. and 20lbs. of type, belonged to Government, but the Government did not found and establish the Paper ; on the con- trary, as we have already stated, the Gover- nor was apprehensive it would not succeed, and it could not have answered in those early times, had not the Government taken ad- vantage of the circumstance, and rendered it useful and important by stamping its birth with an Official " form and pressure." For the first 12 or 15 years the Founder and his family eked out a scanty subsistence ; in fact nearly starved under the Official Journal. Sometimes its publication was retarded, be- cause the Proprietor was unable to procure paper in the Colony, though the Commissa- riat Department was possessed of that ar- ticle, which, however, it would not part with, and thus the Official Organ was permitted to enjoy repose whilst the Official Notifications were posted up and down the streets. If Go- vernment had been invested with a right, would they haive suffered so valuable an en- gine to languish for want of paper ? In the latter end of Governor Bligh's reign, and for some months in the commencement of the commonwealth, the Sydney Gazette was idle for the want of paper, when there was an abundauce in the stores ! These are facts which we defy any one to dispute. We ad- mit that Governor Macquarie sent for a press and types, and some paper, on Government account, it being understood that the latter article was to be paid for should payment be demanded. But that press and those types were not intended for the private purposes of the Gazette, but were intended to execute the various forms of the Public Departments! In a few years, however, those materials were worked out of use, and we were obliged, in Governor MACQUARIES Administration, to send for types and presses, or else the SYD- NEY GAZETTE---the only Paper then pub- lished---must have once more given up the ghost. Venerated MACQUARIE forwarded a long requisition to Ministers on our account, but economy being the order of the day, it was never attended to. We sent for materials, of every kind, at a vast expense ; and for years, though the materials were our own exclusive property, we performed the works for the various Public Departments for £60 a-year. Major GOULBURN personally knew the fact, that but for our own exertions, the Sydney Gazette must have stopped for ink, which we made ourselves. And we had nearly omitted to mention one important fact, that the only inheritance which we enjoyed, was the Copy-right of the Sydney Gazette--- it was our only patrimony---and rather than have relinquished it we would have shed our blood. As to the justice, therefore, of our claim, perhaps there can be but one opinion ; for we are ready to prove the fact, on oath, that the PRINTING BUSINESS in the Colony, even in Sir THOMAS BRIS- BANE'S time, must have stopped, but for our own extraordinary exertions. But let us examine the equity of this case, even sup- posing that the law were against us---for one is as safe as the other, as regards the case with which our contemporaries have been of late so hugely interested. At 8 years of age we were introduced to the printing-office---before the birth-day of the Gazette---and at 9 years we were employed at work on that very Gazette which people say is now disputable, and had the honour, even in those infant days, of gaining the smile, and eliciting the astonish- ment of the King's Representative, when he saw us perched on a stool. Since that period we have been at our post, and whe- ther we have done our duty may be best seen by giving our Readers a few short extracts from some important documents in our pos- session---all in the MSS. of the illustrious parties themselves. Governor MACQUARIE, in a certificate of the 6th of Feb. 1822, is pleased to say, " I do hereby certify, that the bearer hereof, Mr. ROBERT HOWE (son of Mr. GEORGE HOWE, Government Printer) was appointed by me to be Government Prin- ter, in succession to his father, in consider- ation of his fitness and competency for that important office, and for which I have re- commended him to His Majessy's Ministers for confirmation. " I do further certify, that Mr. ROBERT HOWE has conducted himself with the ut- most propriety and correctness, since my appointment of him to succeed his father as Government Printer---to the duties of which he pays the most diligent and assi- duous attention. I therefore strongly re- commend him to the protection of my Suc- cessor in the Government, as deserving of his patronage and support." In this our Readers will perceive there is nothing adverted to about the proprietorship of the Sydney Gazette, because Governor MACQUARIE was aware of the fact that he could not therein interfere---though appli- cations pressed in from various quarters to filch from us our right. Let us, however, see what the late Govern- ment considered to be the state of the case as regarded our Copy-right, on the bestowment of the Freedom of the Press. The following is an official letter : " Colonial Secretary's Office, October 15, 1824." " SIR- -Your memorial, of the 12th in- stant, having been transmitted to the Go- vernor, I have been honored with his instruc- tion, that the Censorship of YOUR News- paper is to be considered as no longer existing. " I am, Sir, your obedient Servant, "F. GOULBURN," " Mr. R. Howe, Sydney." From this little document the important fact is clearly established, that the SYDNEY GAZETTE was, and is, OUR Newspaper. Let us now see what His Excellency Colonel ARTHUR says, in an extract of a letter which we had the honour to receive from that Personage, on the circumstance of establishing a relative in Van Diemen's Land, in our own profession, and when Co- lonel ARTHUR requested our assistance in his behalf against an inflammatory Press. The letter is dated Government-house, Ho- bart Town, 14th April, 1825. " I received, by the hands of the Rev. Mr. HUTCHINSON, yesterday, your memo- rial upon the subject of the establishment of your brother in this Island, to which, in transmitting this document to me, His EXCELLENCY has added his favourable tes- timony and recommendation. " Your sentiments towards the Govern- ment of these Colonies, as pourtrayed in the Sydney Gazette, are such as, I feel, give your family a just claim to any support which it can bestow ; and I shall be happy, therefore, to render your brother every service in my power." Extract of another letter from the same distinguished Source, dated June 23, 1825. "I have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th of April and 3d ult, and desire to assure you that I am much obliged by the assistance you have rendered the Colonial Government of Van Diemen's Land, as well as by the prompt and very handsome manner in which it has been afforded." Next, let us enquire what Sir THOMAS BRISBANE has to offer concerning the SYDNEY GAZETTE. The following are ex- tracts from an official letter, dated Govern- ment-house, Parramatta, 24th Oct. 1825 :--- ***** " I have to acknowledge your letter to me of the 18th instant, and it affords me a very peculiar satisfaction to convey to you my sentiments of entire approbation of your zeal and fidelity in supporting the Go- vernment, upon all occasions. I have no hesitation in expressing it as my opinion, that the support of your Paper has, under many trying circumstances, been of great assistance, and that the Government has an obligation to discharge to you ; and it would have afforded me an additional satisfaction to have complied with the request contained in your letter, of being permitted to take the title of "King's Printer;" but there are circumstances which induce me to think that the present moment would be a little inauspicious to confer that distinction. **** I will not disguise from you that representa- tions have been made against the free manner in which certain subjects have been treated in your Paper, with the view of withdrawing from you the distinction you at present en- joy (of Government Printer). **** " Satisfied myself with your conduct, as Government Printer, I did not feel called upon to interfere, especially as the other Paper had taken the opposite side in the discussion of the subjects alluded to. How- ever, therefore, I may feel disposed to serve you, I do not think this a proper time, as the motive would be misrepresented, and might be mistaken. I feel it, however, a duty to recommend you to my Successor in the Government, and with that view I authorise you to communicate this letter to Him, at a convenient opportunity after His arrival. ***** " I shall have the satisfaction of stating my opinion to His Majesty's Go- vernment in England, and I will endeavour to procure for you the sanction of Govern- ment to your assuming the title of " King's Printer." So much for Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, who, we know, has been interesting himself in our behalf at Downing-street, but whe- ther our public usefulness has, as usual, stood in the way of our promotion with the Noble Secretary of State, we have yet to learn---though we feel grateful, highly grateful, for the pleasing and satisfactory information we have already acquired, on that head, through very many distinguished channels. We will now venture to furnish an extract of a letter from the present popular, and patriotic LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR (Col. STEWART, of H. M. 3d Regt.) as we know His Honor will not be offended. ***** " The Lieutenant Governor cannot omit this opportunity of candidly avowing, that he is friendly to the politics which Mr. Howe has of late so ably advocated ; and he has not failed to observe the distinguished talent which he has displayed in so firmly supporting the Administration of His Ex- cellency Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, which has not only provided him many friends in this Country, but which, he is satisfied, will raise the reputation of his highly respectable Journal in England; and he is therefore impressed with sentiments of esteem for Mr. Howe, his politics, and editorial abilities." This letter is dated Nov. 18, 1825. The next scrap that we shall exhibit, in the equitable jurisdiction of our case, is a satisfactory morceau from our dignified and unbending Patron,Major GOULBURN, which will speak for itself:--- " The accompanying works of Mrs. CAR- TER, Major GOULBURN presents to Mr. HOWE, in testimony that the Editor of the Sydney Gazette, by his advocacy of the true interests of New South Wales, identified himself with the Administration of His Excellency Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, and with the public measures of every Civil Officer, who acted conscientiously as a Public Servant." Sydney, Jan. 26, 1826. We might go on furnishing other and equally satisfactory documents, originating as well in the Colony, as in Downing-street, and in various parts of England, but we have perhaps gone far enough to answer the end we have in view---namely that of respectfully, though firmly, stating our legal and equitable claims to the Copy-right of the Sydney Gazette, which, whilst it continues to exist, as far as we can pledge ourselves, shall breathe no other strains than those which have succeeded in stamping its celebrity for loyalty and patriotism. Whe- ther we are entitled to the various eulogiums that have now been rendered public, the present illustrious Administration---every Member of it---can testify. That we have in one single instance, merited their dis- pleasure, is, we believe, beyond the pos- sibility of assertion---not even the Austra- lian, nor the Monitor, can assume so bold an affirmative. More we will not, need not say. What we have, on this occasion, urged at so much length, has been for the purpose of setting the Australian Public right ---of giving the Colonial Government informa- tion of which they could not otherwise have become possessed-and of thus publicly sta- ting to Earl BATHURST, the enlightened and liberal Friend of New South Wales, and of all the Colonies, the nature, and length, and importance of our unintermit ting services. We will ever be ready to demonstrate the sincerity of our attachment to " the Powers that be," but when we hear it unblushingly asserted, that instructions have been trans- mitted to us, NOT to defend the Government, we have a right to repel the attack, and in doing so, at the same time exclaim, rather than obey such a mandate---if any Govern- ment could be so unwise as to issue such edicts---we would abandon our post, and contentedly sacrifice our all. We must apologise to our Patrons for oc- cupying their time and patience to such an extent, but we are certain that every friend will allow we have done nothing more than what is proper in defending our indubitable Rights---the rights of our children ; and we feel that we live under an Administration when we can advance our claims boldly, without fear of deteriorating in the esteem of those AUTHORITIES, to whom we shall ever be anxious and proud to continue to direct our best energies ; in doing which, however, we must be as free as air---as in- dependent as loyal Britons ! His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR, ac- companied by Lieutenant DE LA CONDA- MINE, visited the Gaol on Tuesday last, and was pleased to express his approbation of the improvements which are now making there. We have been obliged with a sight of some private letters down to the end of December from Batavia, which speak of the Dutch Authorities there being in a most woeful plight. The Commissioner, who is a step above the Governor, is an economical Gentleman, which is a quality that the sol- diers are not over-fond of; besides which the Native Powers, who are called insur- geuts, are hemming in the Dutch on all sides---so that the retention of the Native Provinces, with the dissatisfaction that pre- vails among the military, was deemed im- practicable. The Dutch are miserably off. We extract from a Calcutta paper an ac- count received from Sylhet, of a desperate conspiracy, for carrying off the arms, and horses, and murdering the officers of a de- tachment of our troops at Doodpatlee, formed by Hira, the nephew of Gumbheer Sing, the Rajah of Munnipore. The prompt and decisive measures of Captain Watson, however, prevented Hira Sing from even at- tempting to execute his design. In one of the late German Journals, we find an account of two families, named WOLTER and GASBOW, in which all the individuals are born with a sixth finger and toe ! These supplementary fingers are only the sixth part of the size of the ring finger, and have only one or two phalanges. A child was born in one of these families with- out the supernumerary finger, and this gave rise to a curious question in legal medicine. The father, who lived on bad terms with his wife, took occasion to commence proceed- ings against her, suing for a divorce, on the plea of adultery being proved by the ab- sence of the family mark. This being the only proof against his wife he was nonsuited, The method which His Excellency the Go- vernor has been pleased to adopt, in granting tickets of leave, and the assurance " in deter- mining on them, that the Governor is desirous the most ample latiiude should be given to the regulations, so that I the prisoners who have endeavoured to atone for their former of- fences, may enjoy the full benefit of their good conduct," is the very best proof of all that we formerly asserted, in opposition to the ab- surd views which the Australian took of the new regulations on thns head. We then urged the superior indulgence which the prisoner now enjoyed, of not being compelled to secure the signature of his master to his memorial, in reply to which, the Doctor erroneously stated, that the master could, by merely wri- ting to the Magistrate, prevent the servant from getting a ticket of leave. We knew this assertion to be false, and we denied it accord- ingly ; and now that J. T. Campbell, Henry Gillman, and G. G. Mills, Esquires, are ap- pointed " to receive, and report on the ap- plications for tickets of leave, by prisoners residing in Sydney, and its neighbourhood, with instructions at the same time, to give the most ample latitude to the regulations," every doubt of the liberal and humane intentions of the Government are set at rest. Any man who is not blinded by prejudice, or actuated by malice, must acknowledge that the present mode of granting tickets of leave is infinitely better adapted to stimulate the prisoners to conduct themselves with propriety, than any which has been hitherto adopted. The number of masters that a prisoner may have served is no objection; formerly more than one master was sufficient lo prevent the indulgence ; a man who contributes to detect crime, who brings three receivers of stolen goods to jus- tice, is at once entitled to a ticket of leave, though he should not have been three weeks in the colony, whilst formerly no such stipu- lation was made. ln fact, in whatever light we view the present regulations, we see abundance to admire, and nothing to condemn. The former systems were pregnant with many evils, which, though not intended as such, were nothing softened on that account. But now that the servant can no longer fall a vic- tim to the malice or caprice of his master, and that a plurality of musters cannot affect him so long as his conduct has been good, an end is put to every complaint of injustice which formerly existed, and men employing assigned servants are secured from their de- predations by the reward which is held out for the detection of the receivers of stolen property, whilst,those who are appointed to receive and report on the applications for tickets of leave, will, we have every reason to believe, do ample justice to all parties. 