Shipping Intelligence. On Sunday last arrived, from Port Dal- rymple, the cutter Governor Arthur. On Sunday last sailed, for Port Macquarie and Moreton Bay, the Government schooner Alligator. His Majesty's ship Rainbow is announced to sail, for India, to-morrow ; the Lucy Anne, for Hobart Town, on the 28th instant ; and the Faith, for London, on the 1st of August. THE Public may remember that, in the course of last mouth, the Monitor Newspaper put forth a communication which contained, upon the Editor of this Journal, a string of invective and scurrility that could scarcely be paralleled in any Community. For such an attack, as we had no other means of redress, civil process was directed to be issued against the Editor of the Monitor, who appeared bent on screening the author from public view, and the consequences of such a libel. However, as we had no desire to enter into litigation with the Conductor of any Journal, a propo- sition was made to abandon the action, on consideration that a suitable and appropriate apology were tendered. After some unavoid- able protraction, the same has been transmitted to us, through Mr. Hall, the Editor of the Monitor, who publicly disclaims in any way having participated in the concoction of so violent, and what other people might pro- nounce an unpardonable, attack. Who or what Mr. Hammond is we know not, except being informed that he is at this moment a publican in Campbell-town, and that he either is or was a Clerk to the Magistracy in that district. Without in the least commenting on the circumstance, for the sake of our public character we present the Apology itself to our Readers, who will not conclude, all circum- stances considered, that too much has been exacted; "CAMPBELL-TOWN, 10th JULY, 1827. -" To Mr. Howe, Government Printer, and Editor of the Sydney Gazette. "SIR,-I have received, from the Editor of the Monitor, notice of your having commenced legal pro- cess against him for a letter, signed A Subscriber, dated, at this place, the 18th of last month, and pub- lished in the Monitor of the 21st of the same month. And, as I do not wish to bring that gentleman's name before the Court for what I myself wrote, I beg to say, that I am extremely sorry for having let slip the expulsions therein contained. I was extremely angry with yon, as an Editor, for having, in your paper, run down the village in which I reside ; and I thought that, in your said capacity of Editor, I had a right to scold you, in return, as much as I pleased. I find, however, that I have transgressed all bounds of decorum and fair criticism, for which I now beg publicly to apologise. I acknowledge I have no grounds for having said, that in your remarks on our village, " you had exercised a dishonorable prin- ciple which had for a long time proved you an injury to this Colony ;" nor for that other assertion, that "you were capable of uttering and publishing any thing but the truth;" nor for that other assertion, that"you have never failed to applaud a Governor whilst here, and seldom failed to condemn his mea- sures the week after Their Excellencies have left these shores ;" nor for that other assertion, that " you, as an Editor, are a time-serving creature, and are like one of those noxious weeds which flonrish in the shade, but the instant a discriminating Public unveils the deadly plant to the canopy of heaven, all must recede to its primitive state, as the sycophant, the dangerous reptile of Australia should be consigned to the only doom he merits." All of these allegations I acknow- ledge to have been in severity far beyond the occa- sion which had excited them ; and that I had no grounds for making such assertions, nor can by any means substantiate them. And, accordingly, I beg to express my sorrow for having, in the heat of the moment, made use of them, permitting you to pub- lish and make what use of this apology you think proper. " I remain, Sir, your humble servant, "THOMAS HAMMOND." \- WITH reference to the contemplated exten- sion of the Juries, we are glad to say our strictures of Friday last have called forth some discussion, and also originated enquiry. We mentioned one of three causes that must have existed to protract that period which has been so long- anxious'y looked for, as well for the ends of public jus ice,,as for the jsake of that sensible and wealthy portion of the Co- lonists, upon whom no small share of odium has unavoidably been cast. We were satis lied that the Government-so far as the Law did not interpose-were most anxious that this long-agitated point should have been satisfac- torily accommodated. We believe that the GOVERNOR and the JUDGES, if His EX- CELLENCY and THEIR HONORS entertain any feeling upon the subject, have all along been in favour of the vox populi on so interesting a theme. The SHERIFF, too, we all know well enough would not be behind in carrying into effect the desire of the Public ; hut, as we have observed that impracticability was one of the reasons that intervened to oppose the views of the Ru ing Powers, we have much pleasure in announcing that such is the fact. It would appear, from what we have elicited upon the stthjec , thal the SHE ni F F did not feel himself empowered to enter upon any new arrangement in directing the Jury-lists to be returned hy the Chief Constable, until those for the present year had terminated, and so soon as such is the case, new lists will be returned, including the names of all those Co- lonists, without any reference to their title, or qualification, or condition, who may he consi- dered competent to fill the Jury-box in the estimation ol' the returning officer. The only point that will requite some consideration before tlu Supreme Court, as soon as the question is started, will be, whether persons who have regularly served their terms of transportation will be viewed equally eligible with those Colonists who have obtained ii free pardon, since Mr. PEEL'S Act 's clusivi! on the latter point, whilst the former is certainly involved in some difficulty, which none hut our enlightened and manly Judges can satisfactorily adjust. We have discussed this knotty topic before, which renders it un- j necessary to travel over the sanie ground again ; besides, it happens to be one of those public questions upon which the Public them- selves ought to exercise their own judgment. It is our decided conviction, so far as our humble opinion is worthy of reception, that it could never have been contemplated by the Legislature that only those persons, who re- ceive free pardons, and not those who dill}' serve their terms of transportation, shoti'd be included as Jurors. However, the mystery is involved in this simple point; The man, who complies with the term of his sentence, can do no more ; and the law has never yet declared the blood of such parties to be at- tainted ; whereas we all know, I hat those ren- dered free by unconditional pardon, have only been relieved of attaint by the exercise of the Royal prerogative in extending pardon. It is not unlikely that the intention of the Act will prove to allude to those individuals only, who are conditionally pardoned. By way of de- monstrating that the proper Authorities are engaged on the subject, we subjoin the fol- lowing forms, * which have been recently printed, for the purpose of distribution amongst the proper returning officers throughout the various districts : NEW SOUTH WALES ? TO WJIT. .j To District Constable of in the Colony of New South Wales. BY Virtue of a Warrant from the Clerk of the Peace of the Colony of New South Wales, unto nie directed, you arc hereby required tonmlic out, before the first day of September next, ti true list, in wri- ting;, in the form hereunto annexed, containing the names of nil men, being: natural-born subjects of the King, between the age» of twenty-one and sixty, residing within your district, qualified to serve upon Juries-that is to say, of every man who has in his own miine, or in trust for bim, a clear income of ten pounds by the year, in lands or tenements, whether of freehold or customary tenure, situate in the said Colony, or in rents issuing out of any such lands or tenements, or in such lauds, tenements, and rents taken together in fee simple or fee tail, or for his own life, or for the life of any other person ; and also of. «very such mau who has' ti clear income of twenty ' pounds by the year, in lauds or tenements situate in the said Colony, hold by lease for the absolute tenh of twenty-one years, or some longer terni, or for any term of years terminable on any life or lives ; and also of every . mch man who is a housekeeper in your district of premises of the yearly value of not less than twenty pounds ;' and you are required to make out the said list in alphabetical order, anil to write the christian and surname of every mau at full length, ami the place of his abode, his title, quality, calling or business, and the nature of his qualification in the proper columns of the forms hereunto annexed, according to the specimen, given in such columns for your euidance ; and if you have not a sufficient number of forms, you must apply to me for more. And in making such IM, you arc to omit the uames of all Peers, nil Judges, all Clergymen, all Hollian Catholic Priests, who shall have duly taken and subscribed the oaths anil declaration required by law, all Ministers of any Congrega!ion of Pro 1 testant Dissenters, whose place of meeting is duly registered-provided they follow no secular occupa- tion except that of ¡1 schoolmaster, anti produce to you ¡1 certifícate of some Justice of the Peace, of ! their having taken the oaths and subscribed the ile | dar.it ion required by Ian, all SerjeaiitsaiidBarristers j at Law, all ¡Members of the Society of Doctors ,of I IJMV, and all Advocates of the Civil Law, actually i practising, and all Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors, I if actually practising, ¡ill Officers of the Courts of Law and Equity, and of the Admiralty and Eccle- siastical Courts, if actually exercising the duties of their respective oilices, all Coroners, all Gaolers, and Keepers of Houses of Correction, and all Persons if actually practising as Physicians, Surgeons or Apothe- caries respectively, ¡ill Officers of' the Navy and Anny on full pay, all Pilots duly licensed, all Officers of Customs and Excise, all Sheriff's Officers, High Constables, and Parish Clerks,4 «nil all Persons exempt by Virtue of any Prescription, Charter, Grant, or Writ. ' And when you have made out such list, you are required, on the three first Sundays in September next, to fix a copy of such list, signed by yon, on the principal door of every Church, Chapel, or other public Places of religious Worship within your Dis- trict; mid also to subjoin to every such Copy a No- I tice to the following effect, inserting; the time and place, of which you shall be previously informed :- ' Take Notice, that all objections to the foregoing list will be heard by the Justices in Petty Sessions, 011 the day of September next, at the Hour of in the Forenoon, at the Court-house at And you must allow any inhabitant of your dis- trict to inspect the original list, or a true copy of it, during the three first weeks of September next, gratis ; and yon are also further required to produce the said list at such Petty Sessions, and there to answer, on oath, such questions as shall be put to you by His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Hiere present, touching the said list ; and these several matters you are in no wise to omit, upon the peril that may ensue. Gi v>- n under my hand, at in the said Colony, the day of in the year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty Chief Constable. NEW SOUTH WALKS \ TO WIT. \ Tin: Return of t|ic Disttict Constable of in the Colony of New South Wale? of Men «rualificd to serve iib Jurors. -. -ajn aoj XUEI»X .«WS UlfOf '3J003 A"lp2uuajov>fnstr_ ppqaaij aj'mbsj . saiÄii3'f3[03 (.sq 3SC3 aq>. sn jo) 'ureqsiapd; jo pujsig; jadoo^asnoj-j XHppig ÁJU3JI 'pUOJJ amuoj, _JEHHHST»3 ??V>8. ?saurer; 'Xajry \- pioqascai . fueqa-_t_' * nqof 'nrepy (pq XBUI 3ST£>3in SE JO) 'Âaup.iSJo u_c_. .uoifmifyimf) .stouisng; C-ufßuoDinftvJ fvaw/S' m foaw»S[ JO 'ßulftDQ 3Vf ppn tUMOJT UjJ fo oxnptj¿ 't¡UP>ri& .aumuung ^WX . pun uniftttuQ dupuaioj, jopufsicr WE take it upon ourselves to state, thal the Isle of "Stradbroke;' from the eligibility of its situation, is likely to constitute, at no re- mote period, a most desirable spot tor, a public establishment, to which His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR was pleased to allude in the Government Order of the 10th instant; b«t when the Homo Government, as no Settlements or Colonies can be planted without the sanc- tion and approval of Hw Majesty's Ministers, will occupy the same for the purjioses for which it is calculated, is not for us or any one ehe to determine. The "fee hundred pounds" insinuation, as usual, is characteristic of the source whence it emanated, but selfish and illiberal minds form their conceptions of others by their own narrow and heartless feelings. For the information, however, of those who perchance might suffer themselves to be im- posed upon by the craft, and subtlety of any Editorial imp, we assure the Public that no settlement has been formed under the present, nor we should suppose any former Administra- tion, wiihout the express injunctions of the Ministry. So much for the fiction of the "five hundred pounds." But what will not disappointed avarice and mortified ambition be capable of hatching, when such an invention is put to the rack ? There is no bonus to a GOVE i; NO ti on the formation of new Set- tlements ! ! ! POLICE REPORTS.-Owing tothegrossr ness of the conduct which our Reporter for the Police has experienced since the resolution of the Magisterial Septemviri, who formally excluded the " Gentlemen of the Press" con- nected with oxtr Journal from all right to take notes of their proceedings, we have re- luctantly been obliged to give instructions for their withdrawment from the scene, of unin- terrupted insult, until the " matter in dis- pute" is terminated by Their Honors of the Supreme Court. Wc are by no means ungra tified in learning, since the publication of the whole transaction, that some of the Gentlemen of the Bench, who were momentarily led to suppose the Editor of this Journal had offended THE BENCH, have been pleased to view the affair in a diffèrent light, and are of opinion that THE BENCH was no more mixed up or alluded to by the Editor than the " man in tile moon." However, as we could only bring ourselves to the belief we had but one Gentle- man on THE BENCH who was positively ini- mical to us, we should be sorry to impugn the motives of the Septemviri ; we give them full credit for supposing that we might have remotely amalgamated THE BENCH with Dr. Dulhunty, inasmuch as they had nothing be- fore them but the article of the 8th instant, whereas had the remaining passages, contain- ing all that had passed on the subject, been presented to them, we have little doubt their good sense and impartiality would have led to a different result. We rejoice much that Dr. Dulhunty was alone on the Bench when our Reporter was seized and bundled out of Court, for we should have felt more indisposed to procure the talents of Mr. WENTWORTH on so popular a point, than we are at present ; but, as it is, Dr. Dulhunty will be under the necessity of answering for the consequences " in his own proper person." Wo are not by any means ambitious of carrying the dispute into Court, and should be much better p'eased had the lot fallen to one of our contemporaries, but as it is, we shall not flinch, though por haps it might be as well if the seven Ma- gistrates were to repeal their resolutions as publicly as they were made, in which case, if Dr. Dulhunty could adjust matters with our injured Reporter, " the tug of war" Would cease. Before we conclude, we cannot help once more remarking upon the strangeness of the judicial-interference of some of our Magis- trates. Because an Editor happens to indulge in a private quarrel with one of thoir brethren, his Reporters are to bo excluded, thumb that Paper was thoir systematic and strenuous ad« vocate ; and when another Journalist holds up the same Magistrate (the Sti|>erintendent of Police) to the indignation of the whole Co [ lony, and vilifies that Gentleman in the most I determined manner, his Reporters are allowed to retain their seats-to tafe/' notes/ What can any man, from the Chief Person ge in the State, down to the humblest plebeian that breathes, think of such an act of impartiality as this ? Answer, ye that can ! OUR contemporaries have occasionally hinted, iii no very decent terms, at the lack of payment in the salaries to the subordinates in the public departments. In the last Aus-' trallon only, we find'an at ack of this kind upon the Government, without the least re- gard to i nilli or common sense, inasmuch as every sensible man studies to arrive al the truth, however diflirull of ntliiinnienl., For the information of those who feel interes- ted in Ibis matter, we think it proper to slale, that, for a considerable time past, with a view to the convenience of the parties inure imme- diately involved, the Heads of Ihc Depart- ments have received the salaries of the subor- dinates; and if any defection in the payment, or neglect of any kind has occurred, to the Heads of the departments, and to them only, is the blaine attributable. How ridiculous must this simple assertion make the Doctor Our attention has been called to an inge- nious professional argument by Mr. Howe, at the Police Oflice, a report of which appeared i in our last. It would seem from the state-¡ ment furnished us by our Police Reporter, that Mr. Howe contends, upon the authority of the New South Wales Act, that, in the case of the assigned prisoners of the Crown, who were brought before the Bench for being found under suspicious circumstances (setting aside the charge of gambling altogether), away from their proper places of abode, at three or four o'clock in the morning, there was no crime committed cognizable by the law; and that, iti fact, what would not be a crime in a free man, could not, particularly since the passing of Mr. PEEL'S Act, which, according' to Mr. Howe's argument, vests so uncoiitroulled a power in the master of the assigned servant, as to remove bim altogether from the operation of the Colonial Regulations, ho accounted a crime in a prisoner. Now, with all our desire to.uphold what we conceive to be the (air and legitimate rights of the prisoner of the Crown, according to i he law of the lind, we cannot bring ourselves to think thal Mr. Howe's argument, ingenious as we allow it to be, and anxious as wc are that the prison population should enjoy the full benefit of the common and sla tute law, so far as it is app ¡cable to their situation, we cannot, we sa\, by any moans agree with the lint» of argument which Mr. Howe has adopted, or come to any oilier conclusion than that the Magistrates have pronounced a judgment in which they were warranted by reference to the declared law in such cases. The Act of Parliament, vesting the right as to the services of, the prisoner, in the assignee of the Crown, surely does not takeaway from the Colonial Legislature (he power of es ablishiiig regulations for the maintenance of good order in society. It is a matter of notoriety that an ordinance has been promulgated whereby it is made a mis «lemeator in a prisoner of the Crown lo be found out at night, aller a certain hour, with- out a written permission front his or her em- | ployer. The propriety of such an order, as we take it, cannot be questioned. The regu- lation extends to all prisoners of the Crown, no matter to whom tliey maybe assigned; be- cause the mere fact of their services being vested in this or that individual, does not by any ' means alter their relative situation with respect to the Government, which, it will not be dis- puted, has power to establish regu atkins for I the peace, welfare, and good government of i the Community. Surely the mere fact of the ! property in the prisoner, as to his services, i being vested in a particular in ' i vidual, does ' not altogether take him'out of the power of I the Authorities as regards those liabili ies to j which he is subject as a prisoner of the Crown. In such a «-ase the act of assignment would at i once confer freedom from all restraint, and put 1 the individual so assigned upon an equal foot , ing with him who had never subjected himself , to the penalties of the law, or with the other ¡ who had obtained his manumission. " .Shew me the lex scripta, said the learned Gentle î man," and fortifie«) his position by an appeal , to the Act of lite 4th of Geo. IV. Now, we are of opinion that the last mentioned Act of Parliament is pretty clear upon the subject. I Mr. PEEL'S Act, as we understand its pur ! port, has reference merely to the' assignment of prisoners ; it does not meddle with'the New South Wales Act. It will lint be con- tended that the mere assigning over the ser- vices of a prisoner lo a private individual, renders the person st» assigned less u prisoner than before. Such a position will hardly be maintained. What, then, savs the lill h clause of the 4th of Geo. IV ? That the Magistrates shall have power to t;ike cognizance of, and punish all crimes and misdemeanours not punishable willi death, committed by any felons or other offenders (whether assigned or not), and to take cognizance of complaints maile against any such Mons or offenders for drunkenness, disobedience of orders, neglect of work, absconding or desertion, abusive lan- guage to their, his, or her employers, or over- seers, insubordination, or oilier turbulent or disorderly conduct. To be sure suspicion of gambling, or being out at unseasonable hours, are not amongst the offences particularly enu- , merated in the Act ; but we are of opinion it j would require little legal ingenuity to shew that if they do not come within those species of offences comprehended under the general terms disobedience of orders, or insubordi- nation, there are few impartial persons who will not allow that they may very properly be brought within the meaning of the general terms, or other turbulent or disorderly con- duct. Upon every view of the cast», wc are opinion that the decision of the Magistrates was in strict accordance with the Act of Par- liament, as well as the Colonial llegu'ations, and that the atlvocate for the prisoners will gain nothing for his clients by bringing the matter, as he has stated his intention to do, before the Supreme Court. His EXCELLENCY the GOVERNOR, ac- companied by Mrs. DARLING, visited the Capital yesterday morning ; and returned to Parramatta in the afternoon. Many persons have lately died, .in the country puru, with the second and third at- tack of the catarrh. It is asserted by. nat ural ist», that the her- ring, if suffered ti multiply u untóle!-ted, and its offspring to remain umlimitiished for only 2(i years, the whole would be many times gieater* than the bulk of the euri h ; anti that a single cod fish will produce, at one time, if th y escape depredat on, ;i number equal to ihe whole population of Eu"laud. In glancing over the last Australian we were somewhat amused with the following : " When our Readers peruse the Government Notice in the back page, relating to the Colo- nial salt meat, which has been rejected as unfit for use, they must not im;igine that it is Colonial salt meat only which has been found unfit for use when brought forward for issue." By way of proving this assertion, ¡mother equally absurd is adduced, namely, that the American beef, taken into the stores by Mr. H Y HIE, during the absence of Mr. WEMYSS, has been found to be unfit for use. This is false-posi.ivory false. The meat is well cured, and [ ericetly fit for use, and the only objection that has been found to it is that it is lean, to make amends for which a greater quan- tity is ordered lo be issued. We thought that our former observations on this subject would haveset thoquestion entirely at rest, not suppn j sing that the Editor of the Australian would hatch new untruths to gorge his appetite for tra . (hieing the Government. He has, however, ' maintained his character for consistency most surprisingly, and he does well to accuse the ' COLONIAL SECRETARY," through whom the beef was accepted," of au "inexcusable omis- sion." The fact which we have just stated, ' proves that there was no omission-that the I transaction was perfectly correct-and per j haps if would be worth our Readers faking the trouble to ascertain where the Colonial Secre- tary was, at the time he is charged with having made the " inexcusable omission ? "As to the mawkish wheedling of the Australian to es- tablish himself upon good terms with Mr. LAIDLEY, we have beeil so long accustomed to such fawning, that it excites in us no sur- prise whatever. Before the Australian at- tempts to insinuate himself into the good gra- ces of any respectable Officer of the Govern- ment, he should at least balance in his own mind the chances he is likely to have of suc- cess ; he should enquire .whether he, as the decided and inveterate foe to the Government, has any legitimate claim to the good opinion of any Member of that Government ? He should ask himself' whether, after repeatedly pub- lishing fictions, hi order to bring the Govern- ment into contempt, there is the smallest like- lihood of his ever being on a friendly footing with an Officer of Mr. LAIDLEY'S respecta- bility ? Shame to the impudence that could imagine such au unnatural alliance, much less to attempt to carry if into effect! If the Editor of the Australian would have an)' pur- pose to serve, by being upon friendly terms with the Members of the Colonial Govern- ment, let him conduct himself with a litt o more courtesy and a greater regard to truth, and he may yet have.a chance of redeeming himself. Jíe will not feel the effort great, as he has already, to speak moderately, twice changed his principles, The third time may bode him better luck, and all his Readers will have occasion to admire the versatility of his talents.' mi- I -, , j We can remember as much of the Colony ! as most people, bul within our recollection it | never before transpired that we were 6 months ! without News from Europe. The Morning \ Herald, of the 10th of February, was the latest paper in the Co'ony, since which period j we have not had an arrival from England to \ render us acquainted whether Europe hits been swallowed up by an earthquake or not-or whether We, Colonists, are left to expire with the New South Wales Act, which gave up the ghost on the 1st of this month, without any of the Papers notifying the joyous event. With the new Act which has been passed, and which we look for every Southerly breeze, we shall have TRIAL BY JURY-AND THEN FOR A GENERAL ILLUMINATION ! ! We hear that the brig Ann, Captain Grimes, is taken up by Government to convey provi- sions, &C;, to Melville Island; for which place she will sail early in the ensuing week. On the 11th instant, as Ephraim Palmer, son of Mr. Charles Palmer, settler, near Rich- mond, was out with one of his father's ser- vants carting corn, he perceived some parrots among the maize, upon which he determined to fire at them, and went home immediately and loaded a horse-pistol with a heavy charge of powder and slugs. Returning to the place where he had seen the parrots he found they were gone, but observing a hawk hovering over his head, he tied his pistol, ready cocked, to the hinder part of the cart, intending to fire at the bird as soon as he alighted, which after some time he did, and the unfortunate youth hastily ran to the cart, and grasped the pistol by the muzzle, but something coming in con- tact with the cock, caused it to go off, and lodged its contents in his thigh. Medical aid was promptly procured, but he unfortunately , expired about half an hour after the acci- dent happened. A Coroner's Inquest was held , on the body the Friday following. Verdict, Accidental Death. 