DIARY OF A GAME PROPRIETOR; SATURDAY.- Awakened soon after midnight, by an alarm of fire. The incendiary writers of the letter, which had yester- day been left at my door, had, it appeared, been but too faithful to their word, by setting fire to serveral stacks of hay close to my mansion. The flames had com- municated to an outhouse, and it was not till after some time, and great exertion, that they were at length got under. Above one hundred pounds vanished in smoke! But the agitation of my wife and children affected me much more than such a pecuniary loss. They seem to think, poor creatures, that not a night will pass without an attempt to burn us all. While engaged in extinguishing the flames, I had heard several shots fired on my estate, and despatched James, Thomas, well armed, to reconnoitre. James, ere long, returned alone, covered with blood, and other marks of an affray with poachers; and stated, that Thomas had been so severely beaten, that he could not walk home without assistance. This was more than I could endure. I rushed out with my double-barrel, heavily loaded, determined on desperate satisfaction; but I had scarcely set my foot on the lawn, ere a spring- gun, which had been removed from a neighbouring plantation by the ruffians who had set fire to my house, laid me prostrate, the contents severely grazing my thigh; the stock of my gun having luckily intervened, to save me from a severer wound. The confinement which was the necessary consequence of this accident, gave me ample time and opportunity for sober reflec- tion. When the castrophes of the week, and every event which memory could recal connected with my preservation and pursuit of game, and every pain of mind and body which it had caused me, passed in mental review, I saw the egregious folly and childish- ness of such ardent attachment to an idle pastime, and the culpability of needlessly throwing a strong temp- tation in the way of my poor neighbours, for the mere sake of selfish, amusement, with a clearness of convic- tion, which, in vigorous health, had never struck me. In consequence of this conviction, made a solemn re- solution, which I hope will not prove a sick-bed resolve. to employ the first hours of renovated health in exterminating every head of game on my estate. WORCESTER, MARCH 13. -ORTHODOX DRIVING AGG v. TIMBRELL.-This was an action for damages. The Plaintiff, Mr. Agg, a silk-throwster, of Evesham, was going home in his pony gig on the 4th October, when he was met by the heavy landau of the Defendant. Dr. Timbrell, Archdeacon also, and a magistrate for two counties. It was nearly dark. The gig was on its right side; the landau was going at the rate of ten, and the gig, four miles an hour. Mr. Agg called out, "Gently, coachman-the road is rather narrow." But the carriage kept on its pace; the horses came right against the pony's head, the carriage wheel was locked in the gig's off wheel, the Plaintiff and his man Poole were thrown out by the violence of the concussion, and the former was much hurt, though not seriously. The Plaintiff getting on his legs, said to the Dignitary's driver, "You are a pretty sort of a coachman, to serve me in this matter." Jehu answered not; But the Dig- nitary exclaimed," You are a pretty sort of a fellow, to drive against my carriage!" An angry dialogue forth- with took place, in which the dignitary told the silk- throwster he did not know who he was talking to-that he was Dr. Timbrell-that he was a magistrate, and would commit him, &c-; (The Plaintiff's man gave this evidence in a formal, pompous, and grunting tone, imitating he said, the manner of the Reverend De- defendant, which excited much laughter in the Court.-) Neither the Dignitary nor his driver attempted to help the overthrown, when they were sprawling in the mire, a neglect which Mr. C. Phillips, the counsel for the Plaintiff, commented upon as highly disgraceful.- The Defendant's coachman, Moses Langston, testified that the accident was entirely owing to the Plaintiff himself; that the landau was going at the rates of four miles an hour only; that it was on its proper side of the road; that the gig was going at the rate of nine miles an hour; and that the Plaintiff did not call out nor speak to him. Other witnesses were examined on both sides; and Mr. Taunton, for the Defendant, criticised the evidence. Observing upon the mimickry that had taken place, he said," In all my experience, I never witnessed so offen- sive an exhibition as that fellow Poole made, or so dis- gusting to a Court of Justice. That a servant should come forward and mimic the manner and tone of a gentleman in the Defendant's situation, and should so far trespass on the indulgence of his Lordship- and I have known Judges who would have commited him- must have astonished every decent mind. But I say, seconded by my friend Mr. Ludlow, who is well ac- quainted with Dr. Timbrell, that there is not a pretence for the insolent imitation- that the mimickry was as bad as it was impertinent." In summing up the case to the Jury, Mr, Baron Vaughan observed, that the case required particular attention, as there was certainly per- jury on one side. "I was not (he added) pleased with the witness Poole's mimickry, and he does not thereby recommend himself to a Jury; but it does not make him unworthy of belief; he may speak impertintently, and yet truly. The Defendant's coachman would be naturally anxious to show that he was not to blame: and he is therefore an interested witness. The manner in which Hatton (a witness for the Plaintiff) gave his evidence, struct me in a favourable light."- The Jury, after four minutes deliberation brought in a Verdict for the Plaintiff-Damages £7. the whole amount for which the action was brought, the expense of repairing the gig.- This cause occupied the court for eight hours. SALISBURY, MARCH 14.- VIOLATION.-Henry Smith was found guilty of the violation of a child not 4 years of age!-The ruffian kneeled down and prayed for mercy, but the Judge (Park) told him not to expect it, his conduct had been so brutal on this as well as other occasions. At the Lent Assizes, three years ago, (he said to the Culprit) you were convicted of an assault with an intent to commit a rape, for which you suffered 18 month's imprisonment, and another bill has been found against you for a criminal assault on a child of 13\. Your time is very short- prepare therefore for your great account. The sentence of the law is, that you be taken from hence to prison, and thence to the place of execution, where you are to be hanged by the neck until you are dead; and may God in his mercy have pity on your guilty, guilty soul.! WILLIAM COWARD, aged 60 convicted on a former day of a rape on the person of his own daughter, Ann Coward, only 15 years of age, received sentence of death.-The prisoner whilst the learned Judge was passing sentence, continually interrupted him, by ex- claiming. "I'm going before a better judge than the thee. Ay, thou old hullet (owl) I wish I could get at thy old hullet face," and using other expressions of a similar nature. Just as the sentence was concluded, the prisoner sprang forward and aimed a violent blow at a young man who sat in the seat, occupied during the trial by the attorney for the prosecution, whom he mistood for that gentleman. The blowed missed its aim. The ruffian was then forcibly removed. CANAL GAS ENGINE COMPANY.- On thursday a mee- ting of the shareholders of this company was held at the George and Vulture Tavern. This company was for- med to ascertain the praticability of applying gas instead of steam for the navigation of vessels on canals and ri- vers. It was stated that £100, had been given to Mr. Brown for the share of his patent in the invention of his gas engine; £1000. more for constructing an engine and a large balance remained in the hands of the com- pany's bankers. Some of the shareholders were of opin- ion that the experiment of this new principle must suc- ceed, while others were for dissolving the company, and refunding the unapplied cash; and a resolution to that effect was eventually carried. PUNISHMENT OF THE INNOCENT.-The sleepless vigil- ance of our Home Secretary is again manifesting itself, in a way most beneficial to the interests of public justice. We this day insert a letter, written by desire of Mr. Peel, to ascertain whether or not a practice has obtai- ned in certain Courts, of punishing the innocent, by im- posing fines, in the shape of claims for fees, on unfor- fortunate persons who have been declared by a Jury not guilty of the crimes charged against them. We lately expressed our surprise that the Chairman thought it con- sistent with his duty, as a matter of favour to a poor :man, against whom nothing could be proved, to advise the Jury, in pity, to fix on him the stigma of guilt, in order that the mercy of the Court, interposed after con- viction, might save him from the punishment consequent on acquittal, and established innocence. It is super- fluous for us to say, we most sincerely rejoice, that the Secretary of State for the Home Department has turned his attention to this subject; and we are confident that the absurdity, whether it be of ancient date, or but a modern deviation from common sense, will shortly cease. PATENT REVOLVING SHADES.---Mr. Batholomew has invented an elegant little ornament to our French lamps, and which we have no doubt will be very gene- rally adopted by the tasteful and the wealthy. The invention consists in applying to the common Parisian lamp, or chandelier, an ornamental shade, constructed in the form of a rich gothic or Grecian Temple, Chi- nese Pagoda, &c.; &c.; to which a slow and constant rotary motion is communicated, by means of the heat from the burner: thereby producing a self- acting, re- volving panorama in miniature. It will form an elegant appendage to the dinner-table, side-board, drawing- room, boudoir, &c.; The inventor has so contrived the shades, that they may be applied to all the French or suspension lamps, that are to be found in every gentle- man's house ; and they may be affixed or removed with the same ease that the ground-glass shade in common use is added or taken off. A principal feature in this agreeable ornament is, its simplicity. The flame of the lamp is made to serve the double purpose of illumi- nating the transparent parts of the design, and of com- municating the rotatory motion, which will continue as long as the receiver of the lamp is supplied with oil. The shade has a beautiful effect in illuminated apart- ments; the exterior and solid parts of the design appearing to advantage, without detracting from the effect given to the transparencies by the internal light. With that portion of the community designated "les gens comme il faut," the hint will not be unimportant, when they hear that Mr. Bartholomew has received the approbation of his Majesty for his invention. We will conclude with remarking upon the tastefulness as well as the execution of Mr. Bartholomew's designs, whom indeed, as an artist, we have heretofore had the pleasure of noticing in our columns. RICH AND POOR.--It is nauseously disgusting to hear of the pious warfare against tatts and lollypops, whilst the tradesmen of the highter orders are actually compel- led to keep open their shops all Sunday long, for the purpose of serving their customers, many of whom will be served on no other day; and it is no less so, to hear of publicans being, week after week, dragged to Police-offices, and fined for some trivial violations of the Sabbath-such as opening their houses five minutes before the organ has done playing in their parish church -while the clubs and halls, frequented by the Nobility and Gentry, and even (as we are told) by some of the Magistrates themselves, are open the whole Sunday long, and dice, billiards, and cards, are in the same re- quest (at some of them at least) as on any other day in the week. do not let us be misunderstood. We are neither, on the one hand, advocates for a puritanical observance of the Sabbath, or, on the other, for a neglect of it. The Sabbath, in our estimation, is best observed by rendering it subservient to the joint pur- poses of piety, of rest, and of relaxation. But what we do object to is, that the laws should be unequally administered upon the subject ; and that societies and individuals, under a pretence of mock piety (for such is only a mockery) should prosecute the poor and help- less, while they either dare not, or will not, interfere with the much greater offences of the rich. Such per- sons are the greatest enemies both of religion and of the laws, and should be scouted wherever they are met with. To encourage such cant and hypocrisy is in the highest degree disgraceful to persons in authority, who know, or ought to know, that the greater offender and not the little one---and that the high example and not the low one, is what both the law and morality are chiefly interested in looking after. JEWS OR CATHOLICS.-It seems to be the opinion of a number of highly respectable people in this country, that they must persecute somebody, and they have ac- cordingly fixed upon Catholics. God forbid that I should object to their gratifying themselves in this in- nocent way: but I cannot help thinking that they have not chosen the best sport. If they must persecute, why not get up a nice persecution of the Jews? A Ca- tholic may, like a fox, give a good run, I grant; but when you have run him down, there is no booty in him. Now the Jew would be the hare, and we should devour his dainty substance. Imagine a roasted ROTHSCHILD with a current-coin sauce ! What a rich meal he would make! Really, the very thought of it gives me an ap- petite. Let us, by all means, revive the old laws, de- vised by the wisdom of our ancestors, for the coercion of, that stiff-necked race, and repealed only by the mis- taken liberality of their unthinking posterity. The Jews are obtaining a fearful ascendancy in the State. They have already their feet on, instead of in the stocks, and control the money markets; and who can guarantee us against the danger apprehended in the case of the Ca- tholics— that of their coming to the throne ? Suppose a Jew should be King ? - as MATHEWS says, here would be a circumstance ! What would become of Protest- antism or pork ? Imagine a monarch with the beard of an old clothesman, striking at our hierarchy and our hams, abolishing Bishops and bacon! The church de- molished, and triumphant sin agog! Remember their old tricks, think of the days of Pontius Pilate, and smite them hip and thigh, in good time, before they get the upper hand again, as they infallibly must do, like the Catholics, unless disabled by the laws, and hunted down by the friends of established order, and the preachers of peace and good will among men. A FEW days ago, a tesselated pavement was discovered in an arable field, in the parish of the Leigh, the property of Mrs. Aill near the turnpike-road leading from Glouces- ter to Tewkesbury. This curosity is about two feet be- low the surface of the ground, and is about 60 feet long by eight feet wide. It is now exposed to the weather, and it is to be feared is in unskilful hands. UPPER CANADA.-The following extract taken from official reports, as appears in the Arcadian Reporter, exhibits a degree of increased prosperity, equal to any which has taken place elsewhere; and shows how wisely his Majesty's Ministers act, in turning their attention to this growing country:- Present population of Upper Canada 221,778. Ten years ago it only amounted to 100,000. The number of acres of land under cultivation is £1,116,020 : grist and sawmills 771 ; merchants' shops, exclusive of small country stores, 560; horses above three years old 31,774 ; milch cows 76,873; young cattle 30,300; pleasures carriges 548. Legal valuation of property as enumerated above 2.285,094s. CELEBRATION OF SHAKESPEARE'S BIRTH-DAY.-The following is a grogramme of the intended procession, at Stratford-on-Avon; on the 23rd of April, to celebrate the birth-day of Shakespeare :---The Royal Standard of England.-Full military band. -St. George on horse- back, in armour, and bearing the ancient sword now remaining in the corporation armoury, which has been used for similar purposes since the period of Edward the Third.- St George's Banner, borne by his Esquire, also on horseback.- the Banner of the Borough-Mel- pomene, the Tragic Muse, in a car, drawn by four fiends.-King Lear; Edgar (as Mad Tom).-Richard the Third; Prince of Wales.- Macbeth; three witches surrounding the burning cauldron, with the music; Banquo (as Ghost.-Faulconbidge, Cardinal (in King John),-Othello; Iago.-Hamlet; Ghost ; Grave Dig- gers, with the song.-Tomeo, Juliet, Friar Lawrence. —Banner of Shakespeare's Arms.—Thalia, the Co nie Muse, ina ear. drawn by four satyrs.-Caliban, Trin- culo, Ariel, Prospero.-Shepherd, Auto'yeus (in the Winter's Tale). Audrey, Touchstone.—Oberon, King; Titania, Queen (in a car drawn by Puck and fairies); Bottom, with the head of an ass.-Shylock ; Portia (as Doctor of Laws).-Sir John Falstaff, Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Page.-Henry the Fifth, Pistol.—Union Flag.—Band. —The Committee of the Shakesperian Club, two abreast. —The Banner of Club.-Members two abreast.—Ban- ners' announcing the respective Plays to be borne by youths in fancy dresses. The first Annual dinner of the Edinburgh Theatrical Fund was held on Friday, the 23rd ult, at which Sir Walter Scott presided as Chairman, when the Hon. Baronet avowed himself to be the Author of the long disputed "Waverley," and other Novels. MAJOR LAING.—We stated some time ago, that this intrepid traveller's friends had received letters from him dated at Timbuctoo, which announced his intention, for reasons not explained, to return home by way of Tripoli instead of descending the Niger. We' expressed our regret at this resolve, but at the, same time our hopes that the Major would change his mind, and proceed by by the route which he set out to take. In this expec- tation, we believe, we have not been disappointed. By way of Tripoli, the Major's friends have lately received advices from Timbuctoo, to dates much later than those which we formerly alluded to, but no advices from our traveller himself, which state nothing respecting him, from which it is obvious that he must have left Tim- buctoo, and proceeded on the ulterior object of his mis- sion. Success attend him. It cannot be long till we receive accounts, important, and we hope, favourable of him and from him. EQUITY BARRISTERS.—A discussion of a somewhat cu- rious nature took place on Wednesday, in the Vice-Chan- cellor's Court. Mr. Heald and Mr. Montague had been retained in a cause for the Petitioner. When it was cal- led on, Mr. Heald was speaking in the Court of Chan- cery, and Mr. Mantague walked out of Court; and no one appearing for the Petitioner, the Petition was dis- missed with costs. Mr. Heald afterwards entered the court, when he stated that Mr. Montague had laid it down as rule, that when he was on the same side with a King's Counsel, he would leave the Court unless his leading Counsel was present to open the Petition, and argue the law of the case. Mr. Montague then ob- served, that he had stated solemnly on his oath, before the Chancery Commissioners, that nothing could be more injurious to the suitors in these Courts, than that leading Counsel, should take fees and not give their attendance and thus leave their clients' causes to be but feebly got up by junior Counsel. By way of remedy, Mr. Montague afterwards suggested that extra counsel should always be retained on the supposition that, perhaps, the leading counsel might be absent when the case was called on. Mr. Sugden contended, that he could not be charged with taking fees, and not attending to the duty for which they were paid, because he never took fees without, sta- ting distinctly that it might so happen that he should be elsewhere when their case was called on. The counsel are all, no doubt, in the right; and, any how, we see it is proper that the client should suffer. There should, of course, be no limit to the receipt of fees; and nothing received should ever be returned. The only question is, whether it is better that the client should pay for a leading and Junior Counsel, and be fobbed off.- to use a familiar term with the latter-or pay for two or three leading Counsel to make sure of one. The client has some such choice as the drummer offered to the per- son on whom he was about to officiate with the cat-o' nine-tails, whether he be hit high or low. MR. PEEL, it seems, went to Drury Lane Theatre on Monday, to forget the cares of State for one evening, in the pleasures of the drama; he was, very properly, ac- companied by his lady, with their son and daughter; and the party sat in one of the most conspicuous of the pri- vate boxes. A correspondent of the Morning Herald complains, that though Mr. and Mrs. Peel were in "de- cent mourning" themselves, the young lady, "about se- ven years of age, was dressed in white, with a bright pink satin mantle, edged with white ermine, and a cap profusely trimmed with pink ribands;" while the boy was clothed in grey ! This breach of decorum in the family of a Secretary of State, was aggravated by the whole party neglecting to stand while "God save the King" was played in a battle-scene, until they were ad- monished to rise by the example of the audience ! The Herald's correspondent makes a very pertinent and pro- found reflection on this enormity. We no longer mar- vel that rumours of a change of Ministry are pre- valent. SCANDAL.--Expectation is on tiptoe in the scandal-loving circles at the West end of the town, to ascertain the name of the parties in the recent elopement from Paris, of which a very brief and indistinct notice has appeared in some of the papers. The lady is the Baroness Robeck, daughter of Lord Cloncurry, by his first wife. Lord Cloncurry has long taken an active share in the politics of his country, and in the vicinity of his residence at Lyons, near Dublin he is called among the peasantry, "the poor man's magistrate." The Baron Robeck pos- sesses considerable property in Ireland; though the title is foreign, and they resided until within a short time back, in Dublin, where they moved in the most fashionable circles, being constant visitors at the vice-regal table. It is remarkable that the mother of the,,,,,, one should have been guilty of a similiar forfeiture of her matrimo- nial vows; as she eloped from her husband's residence with Sir. John Pipers, against whom Lord Cloncurry obtained damages of £20,000, which were, however, never paid, as Sir John left his country and died in vo- luntary exile.- INDEPENDENTLY of the interest which the continu- ation of Vivian Grey will necessarily excite from the introduction, under fictitious names, of personages who will be easily recognsed as resemblances of living originals by all who are familiar with high life, the three volumes just published are remarkable for the deep interest of some of the stories-(those of the Baroness, and of Lady Madeliene Trever and Violet Fane, for example) for the lively sketches of foreign scenery and manners, as in the post-house at Coblenis, &c.-the; satirical pictures of the baths at Eins- and the ludicrous revel at the forest-house, which will almost bear a comparison with the drinking scene in Alsatia, in the "Fortunes of Nigel." On Friday we were favoured with a private view of the new Panorama of Geneva, which will be opened to-morrow, in the Strand, to the public. The Panorama, of this city, which was exhibited a few years. ago, in Leicester-fields, was totally different from the present exhibition. The former was a land view taken from the Artillery-ground, whilst the present Panorama supposes the spectator to be placed in the centre of the little curve of the Lake of Geneva, which the city surrounds. No two views could be more distinct, and the visitor of the two Panoramas would never suppose that he was beholding the same city.-The point from which the present Panorama is taken is extremely advantageous, as the landscape is relieved by the quiet view of the Lake, with its superb expanse towards the Rhone; and whilst a comprehensive idea is afforded of the city, the mind is elevated by the distant view of the Alps, with their stupendous precipices and gorgeous tints. In the back ground, over the beautiful gardens of M. Boissiex, which those who have visited Geneva will immediately recognize, we have the superb view of the mountains Les Voisions, whith their rich tints of purple glowing in the sun, whilst between them and the Petit and Grand Seleve, are seen the snow-white Alps, rising gradually, until Mont Blanc, with its head of eternal snow terminates the series. The Panorama is altogether one of the happiest efforts of the art. The point of view is judiciously chosen, and the rich glow of light incidenta to the sunny latitude of Geneva, is relieved by deep shades, the repose of which has the happiest effect. YORKSHIRE BACON.-A hog of the Yorkshire breed, the property of Mr. M. Salmon, of Salisbury, was killed, weighing the enormous amount of seven hun- dred and ninety one pounds. The gammon weighted one hundred and thirty four pounds, and the spare-ribs forty two pounds each. AMERICAN NEWSPAPER PRESS.- Few persons are aware, we believe, of the extent of the business done in some of the printing-offices of the United-states, or of the number of persons who obtain that vocation. A single fact will serve to give an idea of it. There are employed in the office in which this paper was printed, ninety seven persons, including the two editors and clerks. If the reporters be added, we have the round number of one hundred. So large a number of workmen, of course, turn out a considerable quantity of work. Of this an opinion may be formed from the fact, that the quantity of paper consumed in this office within the week, which includes this day, will have exceeded three hundred reams.-Washington National Gazette. [Three reporters is but a shabby allowance for such an establishment.] By the General Turnpike Act, any person having blocked the wheel of any waggon, cart, or other car- riage, on going up a hill, who shall suffer the stone or other thing which may have been used in such blocking to remain on the road, incurs a penalty of 40s., to be levied by distress on the offender's goods, and in default whereon to distrain, to be committed to the House of Correction for three months. Mr. Rundell, though a man of frugal habits as res- respected his own enjoyments, was of a very liberal dis- position. He was a proprietor of East India stock, and when in health, fond of attending the General Court. Upon a particular occasion he was so gratified by the conduct of a gentleman who frequently takes a part in the debates of that assemby, that he soon after sent him a handsome piece of plate, richly ornamented, with a complimentary note, expressing his sense of the zeal and ability with which the learned gentleman was in the habit of supporting the interests of the East India Company. REPEAL OF THE TEST AND CORPORATION ACTS.-A Meeting was held at Henderson's Hote1, Palace-yard, between Deputations of the various Associations of Dissenters and Dissenting Ministers in and about Lon- don, and several distinguished Members of Parliament, for the purpose of the former communicating to the friends of religious liberty in Parliament the determi- nation of the dissenters no longer to remain in the state of inaction in which various considerations had for some time combined to keep them, but to apply at once and incessently, from time to time, for relief, from the disa- bilities under which they laboured, founding their claims on an assertion of the broadest principles of religious liberty. The Meeting unamiously resolved to proceed forth with, and to request Lord JohnRussell to give immediate notice of the Motions for the Repeal of the Test and Corporations Act and to move a ccordingly. THE JEW MISSIONARY.-When Wolff was in Dublin, a meeting was convened in the Rotunda for the pur- pose of enabling thid iterant.-to tell his story. To give his narratives the appearance of truth, he contrived the following scheme:- This Wolff happened to meet in the streets of Dublin, a day or two before the meeting a servant of Lord Strangford, who, was then in Ireland, and which servant Wolf knew in Syria. It struck this artful Evangelist, that this servant, whose name, we understand is Michael, would be an excellent evidence to prop up the statements he was about to make in the Rotunda. Michael was an Armenian, and when he met Wolff, the latter called to his recollecton that he had met him in Syria. "Now friend Michael, said Wolff), You can do me a service tomorrow in an easy way. - You are a foreigner-an Armenian- and it is exactly such a man I want to bear testimony to the statement I shall make tomorrow at the Rotunda. Do you come there and stand near me. I shall handsomely reward you for your trouble." Michael, more anxious to listen to the request of his old friend Wolff than to attend his master's business, went to the Rotunda. Wolff commenced a narrative of the most incredible stories, and now, and then, would turn to Michael for his confirmation of each fact. Michael nodded assent. The audience looked at Wolff and then at Michael. The scene was thus carried on for some time in this manner, until Wolff came to one tremendous lie, which Michael could not for the soul of him swallow. When called upon by Wolff to confirm the statement, Michael went up to Wolff and whispered, "Master Wolff, this be the biggest lie of all-I can't stand to that, and my master is waiting all this time- I must go home. Poor Wolff, not much dismayed by this blow from his friend Michael went on, but there were no more references to the Armenian. When Michael returned home Lord Strang- ford rebuked him for his absence, but Michael's defence was, that he was prevailed upon by Wolff to go to the Rotunda, and stand by all his stories, till he came to one which so stunned him, that he could hold out no longer. Such is the mechanism employed, by these foreign------ to humbug John Bull and Lady Bull, and all the Bulls, out of their money and their common sene. We appeal to Lord Strangford for the truth of this statement in every part. SPRING GUNS.-In Norfolk, where these undiscri- minating watchmen are generally used, the poachers, previously to entering a copse, are in the habit of driving a few of its owners stray cattle through it, ungenerous- ly contriving to misdirect the shot, which was intended for their own peculiar benefit. They have even improved upon this service. They shift their wires and reload- the guns before quitting the ground; and thus, not infrequently bring down a keeper as well as a cow. The landowners have not been behind-hand in invention. To prevent the guns from being handled with impunity even after they have been discharged, a shell of a certain kind is fixed to them, which explodes by a spring. There are other plans like smoke agresions. The kee- pers, who, like other guardians of the night, require a rousing to do their duty, depend chiefly on the noise of the discharges made by the poachers, as guides to their apprehension. But these discharges kill as well as make a noice and it has been thought of importance to get the advantage of the report without any anti-Chris- tian expenditure of feathered life. tor this purpose, mock pheasants are perched on the boughs, and the poor deluded There are other plans, still more ingenious. The keepers, who, like o ther guardians of the night, require a little rousing to do their duty depend chiefly on the noise of the discharges made by the poachers, as guides to their apprehension. But these dischargers kill as well as make a noise; and it has been thought of importance to get the advantage of the report without any-anti-Chris- ian expenditure of feathered life. For this purpose mock pheasants are perched on the boughs, and the poor deluded poacher finds, after bringing down his bird, that he has nothing got nothing but a piece of wood, where he looked for a supper. noise of the discharges made by the poachers, as guides has got nothing but a bit of wood, where he looked for C. - asas--- ell:' 1tls-mtenho.i nhoive lwn:d ipfliaq rhiv theirgh eiatits rto i ip ·get<.ithp clv'nn k~gi of i~beeitq or_ nlthtih t~trtny yaý fit blr s l h asrnte, tioii Ie hR , on,t tie noour ornh poor ce1IT supper. 'jDt ibightihare 'been; thoRdht tuineM I ttbfrA t we .,r t 9 ,q; pluRrttpitr :,fr.iiige1` 1i::hF4 L, p 3"tot~eipR'4 e S· Iý ,;plt, b!svýýAF4ýeý :?wpR=.Xýýý.rP!ýRtr,= .,a, ý 