THE LAZZARONI. It is a well-known fact, that no city in Europe presents a more active scene than Naples, or at least than that boiling sea, the Torledo, as its only broad sea is called. We found every thing doubly animated, in con- sequence of the recent change in the Go- vernment, which had put the Lazzaroni, as has always been the case in such crises, ex- traordinarily in motion. Although these people by no means form a separate class, who live by vagrancy, but belong to the great crowd of brokers, pettifoggers, fishers, sailors, drivers, and others, who pursue a greater variety of trades than they have fingers on both hands, and we may conse- quently believe that every great town has its Lazaroni, yet the extraordinary cheap- ness of subsistence, together with the great excitability of the southern Italian charac- ter, imparts to the Neapolitan Lazzaroni an altogether singular spirit, and a peculiar stamp. Above all, in no part of the world is the manner of living so public as here. All trades alike, the honourable and ignoble, are carried on in the streets ; the pastry- cooks wheel about their whole stock in two wheeled carts, the sherbet-stands and coffee-booths are entirely open and public. They roast, boil, eat, drink, and transact almost all divine and human affairs in the face of Heaven. The Lazzaroni has need neither of house nor firing; his whole dress consists usually of a pair of linen breeches and a shirt; his breast is open---his head uncovered. He passes the whole day un- concerned, till chance puts into his hands a couple of kreutzers, with which he goes down to the strand of Saintess Lucia, pur- chases, perhaps, some wretched fish with this little capital, and carries them through the whole of Naples, assuring every body that they are the best that have been caught for some weeks. At last he disposes of his goods at a small profit, and therewith he spends the remainder of the day conten- tedly, and has still the means of taking his fair one to, perchance, a Pulcinell Theatre, or to the Pagliassi.* On the other hand, they are the faithfullest, best-hearted, and most contented people in the world ; many families employ them in the most laborious domestic occupations, and many even con- fide to them things of value, as silver spoons and such for the cleaning, without ever having to complain of them ; and there are Lazzaroni who have often served for 20 years in such houses, to the satisfaction of all. They also let themselves out to hire as porters, and are contented with a moderate reward, while in other Italian towns one is never able to satisfy the monstrous impu- dence of these fellows. Give them only a small cloak-bag to carry, they often punt as dreadfully as if they were in a consumption, and were ready to give up the ghost on the spot under this ridiculous burden. Each burst of anguish, " Holy God, what a stu- p ndous weight ! what horrible straining !" raises the fee several per cent. All such knaveries are unknown to the rude Lazza- roni ; and a person is no where better served than even in Naples by them, although it may be proper to keep them a little in sight. Faithful, however, as on the whole they are found to be towards known individuals, and towards every one that treats them well, yet, on the other hand, they are ready every moment " to murder all respectable people for the sake of the holy faith," as they express themselves ; to commit arson when it * The Pulcinell is always a black mask---the Pagliassi an entiresly white one. is desired, and to rob and plunder whenever they can. But the best opportunity for all this offers itself when Vesuvius or the throne sustains a shock ; on such and similar con- vulsions this mass of the people has ever been dreadful in Naples, and is so to the pre- sent day, as the citizens sadly experienced on occasion of the last change of Govern- ment. After the Army of Murat had been com- pletely dissolved in the monstrous flight from the Po to Naples, but the imperial army, in spite of every effort, was not in a condition to overtake it, and so far, there- fore, was still defeated, the Government of Joachim; even the city itself, naturally began to totter and fall ; and as it was really odious to most, while the Italians seek alleviation in every change, and find at least support, which was also necessarily odious to the loyal, the Laziaroni, in this in- terval of time, when Murat was already fallen, but the Austrians had not yet taken possession, under pretence of helping to seat the Bourbons on the throne, seized this ex- cellent opportunity of putting Naples in flames, and of plundering collectively as much as their arms could hold. For this purpose they assembled under their heads--- for to each of the four quarters of the town is appointed a Capalazzarone---hired beforehand magazines for the booty, and al- lotted among themse ves the different re- gions of the city for a systematic sacking. Besides this, they connected themselves by a secret oath with the many thousand priso- ners who were assembled from every part of the kingdom in the Castell del Carmine ; and if these hell-hounds had got loose, they would, as it were, have torn the unhappy Naples into pieces. In this crisis the citizens formed, out of their body, a powerful guard, to which seve- ral of the officers of the scattered regiments associated themselves, and these were the sa- viours of the city. The prisoners in the Castell del Carmine, through the perfidious- ness of one of the keepers, had disincum- bered themselves of their fetters, and had penetrated already into the first court, when the civic guard, in the greatest haste, plan- ted some howitzers on the roof of the ad- joining house, and partly from this spot with grenades, partly through the grating of the windows with small arms, fired among these people, till those who were not either kil ed or wounded voluntarily fled back to their cells. An expedition just as quickly, and with the same success, was undertaken against the Lazzaroni ; wherever any of these poor devils were found, they fired among them without discrimination, and it is very credible that many of them were sacrificed to private revenge ; although they, on their part, had provided themselves with stones, pistols, and daggers, and helped many a one out of the civic guard into the next world. At last, after an anxious week, the Austrians marched in a file as broad as the a whole Toledo ; drove at once the whole of the rabble out of this important street, and placed several piquets of Hungarian Hus- sars at the corners of the streets, which still presented a considerable multitude of Laz- zaroni, on which the place was restored. Notwithstanding this, nothing could repress their furious irregularities but the Sicilian cockade ; they tore, for instance, from every so'lier the French orders, which conduct many of them atoned for with the loss of their lives; their leader was a fanatical parson. On Sunday, after the new Bourbon Go- vernment was established, and all was sup- posed to be quiet, a great body of Lazza- roni marched to Portici, and desired that the castle there, which had been sump- tuously furnished by Murat and his consort, should be given up to them to plunder. The Castellan, more dead than alive, im- plored them for God's sake to refrain, as it belonged to their beloved King Ferdinand; they, on the contrary, persisted and main- tained that it had once been the property of Joa him (roba di Giavuchino), and, as such, fell to them. During these parleys, a squadron of Hussars arrived, for whom the Castellan had sent a courier, and cut down some of these patriots, on which they withdrew. As all their plans were thus frustrated, they were very much grieved at so peaceful a change of Government, cursed the whole revolution, and they were often heard bit- terly complaining---" Never was such misery before; we respectable people were not con- cerned ; we have done no harm." The vivacity of these classes of the peo- ple is also extraordinary; they ascribe a soul to every thing; and in this manner curse the soul of the citron, of the bread, the table, and even of their ancestors and of Christ. Had we known of the furious uproar of the Neapolitan mob, we should by no means have wondered at the order of General Nieppey, which we read in Messina just before our departure, in which, for the maintenance of public trauquillity during the great festival, which was appointed for the celebration of Ferdinand's return, the General prohibited all Neapolitans, under the penalty of death, from carryiug any arms.---Travels in Italy, from the German of Kephalider. 