DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE CONTINUED. SYDNEY POLICE, SEPT. 25.—John Winch, aged 64, (grandfather to six children, thirty-three years in the country, free twenty- four) was brought up before Dr. Dalhunty for an assault on a servant of Mrs. N. Law- rence. Defendant is a retail oyster-merchant, and had opened several fine fat oysters for his patroness, when plaintiff demanded why he had presumed to take a plate out of his kitchen, he being Major Domo thereof ? and suiting his actions to his words, took hold of the plate which being cracked and splitting, the oysters were spilt on the ground. This was an insult the veteran oyster dealer could not possibly bear; the unhappy oysters sprawling on the ground excited his tenderest sympathies. With the remaining moiety of bad delf remaining in his hand, he contrived to damage the rind of the forehead of the young cook. Constables coming by, with that zeal for which they are so much distin- guished, they seized the oyster warrior, and put him in durance vile. The next day he appeared before his Worship. Sentence—Bound over to keep the peace, himself in £20, and two sureties of £10 each. The oyster veteran, though honest, was very poor. He ac- cordingly found the sureties, but could not find the money for the bail-bond, namely, the small trifle of ONE POUND TWO SHILLINGS AND SIX-PENCE. Now, how in the world can His Majesty's liege oyster- dealing Colonists, who sell their commodity for two- pence per dozen, (and give credit too to our own know- ledge) find £1. 2s. 6d. ? That is to say, how can they find the value of a bail-bond to the amount of a gross of dozens of said oysters ; a whole fortnight's gather- ing, up to their necks in mud ? The unhappy de- fendant was committed to gaol, but whether in default of bail or bail-bond we don't know—he says the latter. After laying in gaol 20 days, he was carried before the Chairman of Quarter Sessions and discharged. Being ourselves fond of oysters, in the infinite variety of sa- voury appearances in which a good cook can present them to a keen epicurean appetite, we wondered what had become of our drunken two-penny friend the last month ; and had conceived, that he had either foundered at mud-bank, drunk himself to death, or was lying in ???? back skilling in cockle, or such other like remote and undis?????able Bay, and was yielding up the ghost without a friend to p??? his oysters, or to yield him any other sort of comfort or consolation, ???? carnal, or spiritual. We were not therefore a little rejoiced, when our smiling muddling old friend once more rapped at our door, and proffered his savoury wares. We were quite pleased, socially and sensually. He recounted his late adventures under the influence of a glass, which we proffered him—we bought his oysters without taking credit, which we sometimes are obliged to take for want of change ; we read the old veteran our notes as above narrated, and he was so pleased at the idea of appearing in the Monitor this evening, that we doubt not we have added to his life some dozens of months. WINDSOR TUESDAY, OCT. 20.—Edward Richards was charged with neglect of duty. The prisoner pleaded that he had remained too long in Windsor, whither he had been sent with letters. In acknowledging his guilt, he did not appear to lament his own folly. In England, an honest, sober, and industrious man would lose his service for such misconduct, and have a diffi- culty to procure another place ; but in New South Wales 4lb. of Pork, and a wheaten ration is certain. Sentence 25 lashes. Michael Spearing was brought before the Court, charged on suspicion of being a runaway. He had been apprehended under the following circumstan- ces :—William Douglass, district constable of Pitt- town, a North Briton, was taking his usual walk through his district, when a stranger, but whose countenance was rather familiar to Douglass, accosted him. " Good morning, I hope you are well Mr. Douglass ;" " Braw- ley," said Douglass, " thank you for speering ?" "Yes my name's Spearing, said the runaway ; upon which Doug- lass recognized him, as the man in the list of runaways, and immediately apprehended him. How luckily this constable earned twenty shillings by a civil tongue ? The prisoner confessed his guilt. Ordered to be sent before the Sydney Bench. OCTOBER 8.—Dennis Ma- hony was charged that he having the Government bullocks in his care, as a night-stockman, had suffered them to go astray ; and that, having been ordered to search for the bullock, he had been three days on that errand. He was sorry the bullock had strayed away ; but that he dreaded to return before he found it, on which account alone, he was absent from his gang. The story appeared very plausible. Admonished and discharged.—Patrick Tinge was brought up, charged with disobedience of orders under aggravated circum- stances. During the late continued drought, the grass has become so exceedingly dry, that the least spark of fire will spread with great rapidity ; on such an occasion, crops are in jeopardy, and the safety of the property of a poor and humble settler depends upon the exertions made by those who attempt to check the consequences at first sight. The prisoner's master's paddocks were on fire, and when the overseer mildly requested the prisoner to assist the other men to extinguish the flames, he actually refused, nor would he lend a hand on such emergency. The prisoner seemed to listen attentively to the depositions taken against him, and appeared sensible of his improper conduct. He expressed con- trition, and hit upon a very good plea, in mitigation of punishment ;—" My master knows I have been a good man ; that I have ventured my life over the mountains, when in charge of his cattle, and that I have not been a negligent lazy fellow ; whatever induced me to forget myself this time—I am really very sorry." Sentence, 7 days solitary confinement. IN about 3 weeks or a month, Mr. Barnett Levey's elegant Windmill in George Street will be at work ; and when it once commences, it is supposed that upon an average it will grind he says about two hundred bushels a day. Its power is such, that with a brisk movement twenty bushels of good sound grain will pass through its hopper in one hour. It will require a pretty lively flow of business to reimburse M. Levey for the very heavy expence to which he has been put, in erecting those buildings, and we have only to add, that as friends of the Colony, we heartily wish him success in his milling pursuits. THE Barque Pocklington, which has left our harbour for the Sperm fishery, is entirely under the control of Australian commanders. The Captain, three Mates, Carpenter, and boat-steerer, are all native-born. From the natural intrepidity of the Anglo-Natives, they seem peculiarly adapted for the adventurous calling of Mariners ; and when the time arrives that New South Wales shall fit out and man her own fleets, perhaps the Whale fishery will prove as good a nursery for seamen, as the the coal trade is acknowledged to be for British sailors. And who knows but that a hun- dred years hence, the Australian Sailor, may be as re- nowned, as the British Tar is at this moment ? THE remainder of the 3rd Regiment Buffs, now in Garrison, expect to embark on the Cambridge, for Calcutta, on the first of December, to join their corps in that part of India. The Band which usually accom- panies Head Quarters, has in this instance preceded it. According to a recent order from the Horse Guards, this is the last regiment which will return to Europe from New South Wales, but by a direct passage ; though perhaps the 40th may have to conform to the old regulations. We are very glad to think our Re- giments will in future return to England direct. The custom of going first to India has prevented the Colony from being known, and talked of. ABOUT a month since it is understood, an attempt was made to increase the duty on Colonial spirits by eight pence. This we conceive to be a poor way of fostering our nascent attempts at supplying ourselves with spirits, and to advance our prosperity. THE proprietor of Ultimo, has lately been offered £10,000 for that Estate. About fourteen years ago Dr. H. offered Ultimo, his South Creek farm, his Cattle, and his whole property for £4,000. They are now worth £20,00oo. THIS brings us to the consideration of the eulogiums of the Government and of our Contemporaries on the Justice of the Peace, who has resigned in favour of ***** *******. We could not join in the said eulogi- ums. We think the Magistrate in question a man of honour, in many respects, but the only portion of his Ma- gistracy which deserves the public approbation in our humble opinion, is, the last twelve-months of his Magis- tracy. And twelve-months are not sufficient to do away with years of what we must here call by the gentle name of, imbecility, arising from a hasty temper, and an impati- ent impetuous disposition. But besides all this, the same Gentleman was one of those Justices who was in the habit not long ago, of inflicting illegal punishment— i e.—punishment to extort confession ; and who was very partial to the punishment of the scourge, in most cases. No Justice, whose name is on record as having been so indiscreet (to use too mild a term) as to have ordered punishment with a view to extort confession, shall ever receive any eulogium at our hands. Having so said, we wish the Gentleman in his retirement, health, and a calm and tranquil old age. THE Ships, Orelia, Mary, and Layton, are arrived at Van Dieman's Land. T'he Orelia sailed on the 16th of June with merchandise, and 30 adult passengers; 29 for Hobart Town and 15 for Sydney, in all 52 souls. The Mary sailed the 13th of June with merchandize, chiefly for Sydney, and five passengers. The Layton male convict-ship left England the 10th of June. All touched at St. Jago. The Orelia brought out also a deal of live stock, shipped on account of a Mr. Campbell of London. We regret to say, that of three Suffolk mares and three entire horses, not one survived. We suppose great want of attention and management, or excessive gales, occasioned this loss. Of four Durham bulls, also, three died. Of ten Leicestershire ewes and five rams, half died. Of thirty-five Merino ewes, and fifty-five rams, half died. The Mary also brought out for the Van Dieman's Land Horse Company, 1 entire blood horse, 1 mare, 1 bull, 2 rams, and also on speculation, 130 ewes and 70 rams of the pure Saxon breed, (from Hamburgh) of which only 7 rams and 29 ewes were landed. The loss to these Colonies by these casualties is by no means small. IT is recommended by all the inhabitants of Sydney, with one accord, that neither a dog-tax be imposed on dog-owners, nor persons be bound to chain-up their dogs ; but that the litter shall be at liberty to range by night within every house-holder's enclosure. But in order to save the legs, and to protect defenceless passengers, women and children in particular, from the ferocity of the endless wolves and snarling curs, whose yelpings excite the former to bite all in the Street, whose duties call them out after dark, it is universally prayed, that an order in Council should be promulgated, enjoining all Constables in Sydney, to destroy, by shooting and otherwise, every dog found in the streets one hour after sun-set ; and, that are- ward of five shillings be given for every such dog's head brought into the Police Office, at 10 o'Clock every morning. Penalty of five pounds on the Constable, who kills a dog before dark, or kills him inside his master's enclosure. 