THE MONITOR. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 26, 1827. A ticket-of-leave man was lately convicted before Dr. Dalhunty, of selling spirits without. a license, and a question arose whether he should be punished as a free man or as a prisoner. Dr. D. with great propriety de clineddetermining a question himself which involved the personalliberty of so uumerous, and Ave will add, so decent a class .of our singularly constituted socSiety as the ticket-of-leave men; great numbers of whom have wives and families depending for support on the indul gence being continued to them. THE offence of selling spirits without a license, in our opinion, is one fraught with many evil consequences. It is a fraud on the Revenue. It is a fraud on the honest men who [pay the license- money. And it inevitably 19ads a man to tolerate things being done in his house, which a respectable publican needs not to stoop to. So far we consider it an offence of magnitude. BUT it is an offence which even the laws of England have not considered so criminal as to require to be purged away by personal ignominy. Debtors are con fined in prison if they cannot pay their debts, and an unlicensed publican is only punished with imprisonment when he cannot pay the fine inflicted by the law. Now England, whose national debt is so great, if her revenue be deficient after all the luxuries of the great have been taxed to the utmost, and require to be increased by taxes on the necessaries of life, such as candles, soap, leather, salt, and beer, and who consequently must Ikok with stern severity ori those who fraudulently evade the excise taxes, and which to evade is if of all modes of cheating the King, the most nearly allied to a private fraud, and therefore the least to be] apologised for of any public kind of over-reaching-if, we say, England ne vertheless has punished the crime of selling spirits or beer without a license, by fine, without personalfdisgrace, surely in New South Wales, where the .whole of our ex cise taxes (such as the duty on cedar, colonial spirits, and the price of licenses) are not only unnecessary, but strike at the vitals of Colonial enterprise and industry, surely the crime of breaking these impolitic laws is not so. great in such a Colony as when committed in En gland, where the excise laws are absolutely necessary to keep faith with the creditors of the realm, by enabling His Majesty's ministers to pay them regularly every half-year, the interest of the national debt. A ticket-of- leave man, however, cannot be allowed to plead all this in his particular behalf. Ticket-men are neither philosophers nor politicians. They are governed by the common motive of getting money. And when a man condemned to suffer death in England, but is saved by. being transported for life, obtains from a merciful King, through his representative, a degree of freedom similar to that of a ticket, as a trial of his moral sta mina, and as a new state of probation, to see how he will be able to bear a conditional pardon in due time, that he 'may be restored to all his. civil rights, and become a proprietor of the soil, a husband, a father, the progenitor of a whole race of landholders, future citizens of the state ;-if such an one, wve say, calmly and deliberately takes up a calling in the direct teeth of the laws-whether smuggling in harbour, or smuggling beer down men's throats, laying himself bpen to all the temptations to do evil, which hourly dis- I obedience.of the laws, violated in the person of every miscreant who prowls about his.illegal dwelling, places in his way, wedo consider such a man unworthy the mercy he ] has received; because, while he risks his character and li berty, hlie does it knowingly, deliberately, and perpetually. Very different is the case of a cold calculating person like this, to the ticket-man whogets drunk 3 or 4 times a-year, tumbles into a quarrel without being aware of it half an-hour beforehand, and is brought before the Court. 1 An assault is certainly a bad thing. And ticket-men are I generally reduced to bondage when guilty thereof. But if they be sober, industrious, wel!-behavcd men at till times, except holyday times, the case of such men de serves infinite more pity than the cold cilculating I vendor of unlicensed spirits-for the latter sins by night t aund by day-he is a calnm, deliberate, wilful transgressor, and is the occasion, perhaps, of permitting gambling and whoredom in his secret dcn, and of half the felonies and misdemeanours that are committed. Such ati one is the real foe-of his brother ticket-men; for were it not. for such miscreants, tickets-of-leave would be more. plentifully given out than they are. The greatest enemy the well-behaved Convicts, who are deserving of tickets, have, (tho' poor ignorant fellows they are not in the least aware of it) are these same cold-hearted, plausible, un licensed ticket-of-leave sellers of grog. THERE is however an apology, and a very strong one too, to be made on behalf of some unlicensed ticket-of leave sellers of spirits. Some of them are those who being not only meno f good character (for every ticket man is a man of good character, or he would not be a ticket-man-a ticket-of-leave man in this country, with out much incongruity, mnay be said to be a man of good, character ex offcio) but also a man of property, and who has either of'ered to take out a license and been rejected or who it is notorious would rejoice to pay for a license if "he could get one.' We would, not apply. our remarks as above to a man of this description. They apply only to those who would not pay for a license if they could get one. WFV know not whether the person on whose case the Sydney magistrates deliberated on Friday morning was of this or the other description. But at all events we con-. gratulate our Justices on coming to the decision they have done. It is a liberal decision. We think it will meet the evil intended to be remedied. But there are some special reasons which we have for our approbation,. and which we will here explain. SOME of the magistrates in this Colony are not men of the most enlarged reading and education. They are not like justices in England, men of for tune, but have their fortunes to.make. Thus they are every day coming in .collision with their fellow.citizens. Every day they are liable .to conceive personal animosi ties, being subject with farmers, merchants, brokers, and: shop-keepers, like themselves, to all the little petty feelings arising from the competition of trade and occu pation, so well expressed. by the homely proverb of. " two of a trade, &c.; &c.;' THE Sydney Bench has ever been distinguished for its superior intelligence, independence, and liberality of sen timent; and we are most happy to testify, that in the decision above adverted to, it has well supported its l6og established character. The Sydney Bench was never known to have defiled itself with the blood of torture, of as it is mincingly called by the parasites of the day, illegal pu nishment. But while we thus do justice to the Sydney Bench, we cannot say so much of the up-country Benches,. unless tnat of Windsor be excepted. Up the country, the jealousies arising from competition in trade or farm Sing are perpetual, and we might almost say universal.. No case of interest is tried at such Benches, but the evils of personality, more or less, individually or rela tively, immediately or remotely, are felt by the prosecu tor or defendant. 'Tis on account of the country Benches, therefore, we rejoice that the Sydney Bench has. come to their . late decision. That decision involves a great principle. It goes to establish, that'with respect to magistrates, ticket-of-leave men are to stand before them as free men, so long at least as the old English or Colonial law may have prescribed a punishment for the offence of which they may be accused. And in the al ternative-that is, in case the offence be such as that the law has prescribed no punishment, it must of course be of such a venial nature as to require merely a magiste rial reprimand ;- or at most a report to the Governor, with a recommendation to deprive the offender of his indulgence. A recommendation which, although appa rently equal in its effects to. a summary decision then and there on the case, is by no means equal to such sum mary decision. Reports require time to write them. During which, ticket-of-leave men have time to repent, and Justices to forgive. A TICKET-OF-LEAVE is not a gift from a magistrate, and therefore it is anamolous that the latter should have the power of abrogating it. He is the proper officer to recommend an abrogation, but no more: A ticket-of leave is a roUal dispensation. It is the King's mercy and beneficence, conveyed to the poor prisoner by delegation. And the Governor is that distinguished character to whom our. Sovereign has entrusted the exdrcise of so delightful an attribute. Our factionists boast of their loUaltV we believe. They are mere drivellerss in the thing. We are the loyal men who uphold the trie dignity of the crown. As it is the King's high prerogative to extend mercy, and which attribute he has been most graciously pleased in New South Wales to invest in the Governor for the time-being, so the Gover- nor ought not to delegate it to the magistrates, but pru- dently end reverentially reserve the exercise thereof to 'himself; neither should he allow any person but himself, to annul so high and transcendant an authority. IT is singular to contemplate how much superior the people of this Colony are in every thing that is public spirited, to the Gentry. Whenever you hear of any thing public spirited, you are sure to find it has had its rise among the people. Thus at the dinner given Sir Thomas Brisbane by the people, the latter paid Mr. Earle forth with, for the three elegant Transparencies they ordered of him. But when by direction of the Gentry (Civil Offi- cers and Magistrates) the same Artist finished a full length portrait of Sir Thomas and requested to be paid, the former made him wait a long time for his money, and to this day Mr. Earle has not received his excessive- ly moderate charge, within twenty pounds ! ! ! The same occurs when any public Meetings are called to ad- dress the Colonial or the Home Government. On such matters being first proposed to the Gentry, they shrug their shoulders and shake their heads-meaning, that they are afraid to do any public good lest t'other location of laud (perhaps the fifth or sixth gift since Phillips' time) on which they have fixed their gloating eyes, should be put in jeopardy and given or let to some one else. And if they at last venture to attend the public meeting, they are seen creeping in on tip- toes after it is begun, as though they were afraid The Governor should hear the sound of their feet. As to helping to frame the address or petition, whatever be on the tapis, and taking part in the debates, this is quite out of the question. And when the address or Memorial comes to ba read, instead of setting a good example by lauding the best passages, in the popular manner customary at public Meetings, by giving a rap with their gold-headed canes, or brass headed whips, or other indicationof gratifi- cation, they seem frozen into half their usual dimensions; and their countenances give distressing token of con- cealed dismay, lest it should be supposed they took any distinguished part in snch popular sentiments. The ghost of a new grant of land haunts these men where ever they go, and stultifies them. If any enlargement of our civil privileges be found to have been made, in the act of Parliament which is most probably debating at this moment in the House of Commons, we do not hesitate to give the whole merit of the same to those Gentlemen who signed the Requisition to the Sheriff and to a few others, who were the means of the two pub- lic addresses being got up, which were severally pre- sented to Sir Thomas Brisbane on his retirement from I this Government, and to General Darling on his assump- tion of the same. For some unaccountable purpose, The Editor of The Australian attempted to strike out certain portions of the address to Sir Thomas Brisbane. Now there would. not have been the least chance of Par- liament granting us a House of Assembly, unless we had I urged that subject in the two addresses which are gone home. BY the new Commission of the Peace we ascertain, that the Clergy are excluded from the MIagistracy. This we approve. There are twenty seven new Magis- trates. The number of Justices is now ninety six in all Some twenty more Gentlemen, are now we consider enlisted nnder the banners of Government, so that if we were to have a public Meeting to petition the Throne for a redress of grievances, (and for which a requisition was within *these two mouths prepared, but which re- mains for the present in statu quo) we feel confident the said Meeting would be thinner by the said twenty re- spectable men. If the patriots of N. S. Wales ever expect the Magistrates, the Gentry, the two hundred publicans. (mostly landholders). the civil-Officer-Land- holders, the civil-Officer-Householders ever to attend a public Meeting for h redress of grievances all we have to say is, they will be woefully mistaken. \-----oOo----- A Constable, meeting a mechanic in the street the other night, was pleased to order him to the watch house, because he did not know him to be free ! ! ! Instead of knocking the Constable down for his impertinence, which he richly deserved, the good-natured fellow went to the watch-house, hoping the Constables in attendance there, would act more according to law and good sense. The secret now came out. The money off the passenger was demanded. OUR readers are aware, that in the present day of doing things too well, the prisoners are allowed no money, and what they earn can be taken away from them by the Constables, who many of them are not half so sober and well-behaved as some of the men who are thus subjected at all hours of the day and night, to be rifled by them under a plea of law. " Give us your money," said the aforesaid apprehending Constable to the Passenger, in the language of Bagshot-heath or Finchly-cmmon. And had the passenger done so, we doubt not he might have gone quietly about his business. But the man resisted and got away. THE pillaging of the Convicts of their miserable to- bacco pence, we consider as characteristic of the wisdom of the times in which we now live. It is doing evil of solid unequivocal magnitude, to present evil of a less magnitude. It is parallel with Mr. Howe's suggestion, of not allowing people to kill their bullock orpig before they have sent and paid the inspector for ascertaining them to.be their own property; which is subjecting the whole community to a most insulting visit and fee, be cause forsooth some people are so careless of their cat- tle as to allow any body to go and steal them. when they like. We would rather say to cattle-owners-Provide proper stock-keepers. Keep them in good shoes in win- ter-time, instead of letting them go without, which is the case with -half the stockmen in the country. Do this, and the whole community may then kill their pigs and cook their ducks, without first paying a fee to an Inspec- tor to ascertain whom they belong to. THIS subject of cattle-stealing and cattle-driving occu- pied the profound attention of one of the most notable of our late Boards—the Board of Drovers. If inform- ation were wanted, it would be curious to call all those to gether who are interested on one side the question. Their opinions, as they affected the general weal, would of course be cxpai te. Yet the late Boards were all of this stamp. The conduct of the Board of Drovers was an exemplification of this,. It was a knot of graziers. These gentlemen,. of cours?, prefer to place 500 cattle in the hands of two stock-keepers in-lieu of four. It saves them 60l. a-year to do so. And even of those two, they like giving slop shoes at 6s. a pair, in lieu of solid well stitched boots at 12s. well nailed, which are absolutely necessary. But shoes are shoes to convicts. Thus these gentlemen.nq doubt would like all the towns and country to be insulted with inspecting visits of an Inspector of Hides, to save them keeping a proper number of stock. men. The same of trespass. These gentlemen have all got nice estates, and they don't.like drivers of cattle on the highway to, single out their 'defective pannels by night or by day and take a mouthful of 'their clover, and to bespeak their hospitality ; hence they strongly recom- mended some five pounds as a reasonable fine to be levied on every head of cattle so trespassing ! That is to say, for the sake of their precious paddocks, they wished honest drivei's, whose cattle being wild, might drive through their rotten fences and swallow their grass, to be punished with the same'dreadful severity .as. he deserves, who deliberately steals the same. grass, by wilfully turning in his cattle by night,! This is the natural effect of Boards. If the members don't understand the subject, Boards are of no use. If they do, they are ex-parte law-makers. Either way, Boards are absurd. THE fact is, in a large society like ours, things must remain in their present confused state, until we get a House of Assembly. In the House, the selfish Grazier will be met by the selfish Merchant; and the selfish Trader by the selfish Grazier; and both by the selfish manufacturers, cedar-cutters, and all by the cunning' lawyers, and the soidisant philosophers. We will def'y much more knowing men than General Darling, to make laws for us of an agricultural and commercial nature at this time, which will not do more harm than good. Macquarie once indeed adopted a wise plan but only once. He called all the respectable graziers and merchants together by means of a circular, to debate on the wages of the Convicts. It was common to give them 20l. a-year in those prosperous and happy days. The meeting took place in the present General Hospital some dozen years ago. We attended it. It was the a most respectable meeting ever seen mn New Soith Wales either before or since. A long and animated debate took place, in which a score of gentlemen delivered their sentiments. The result was, Convict wages were redu- ced to 101. a-year for males and to 71. for women. Go- vernor Macquarie made the same a law, and IT IS LAW NOW; for it has never been repealed directly or indi- rectly; and every Convict in tile Colony can legally demand this rate of wages, if not in m,,ro,e', at least in value AT FAIR PRICES. 