SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT BEFORE THE CHIEF JUSTICE. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2nd, 1827. George Worrall was indicted for the wilful murder of Frederick Fisher, at Campbell Town, on the 16th day of July last. The in- formation charged the death to have been caused by sundry wounds inflicted on the skull with a stick. The ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL (W. H. MOORE, Esq.) stated the case, and called Mr. D. Cooper, who deposed, that he was acquainted with the deceased, and also with the prisoner; they resided adjoining each other, in Campbell Town; believes that the deceased lived on the premises of the pri- soner at the time when he disappeared; the deceased and witness formerly had dealings together, and, when he disappeared, deceased was in witness's debt, something about £80; remembers the deceased being confined in Sydney gaol for an assault on a man named Booker; the prisoner appeared to act as agent for him at that time; between the time the deceased was missing, and when his body was found, the prisoner frequently called on witness respecting the debt due to him by the deceased; he offered to pay the money, provided witness would give him up some papers, belonging to the deceased, which he had in his hands; some time after the de- ceased disappeared, witness received a letter from his overseer, at Bunbury Curran, sta- ting, that the deceased had left the Country, and that the prisoner knew, and was autho- rised to let him know it after he was gone; witness spoke to the prisoner about it, but he would give no satisfactory reply; he said he supposed that all witness wanted was his money, which he would pay upon his giving up the papers; witness asked the prisoner to tell him whether the prisoner had gone or not, and told him if he was not gone out of the Country that he would wait for his money, as he did not want to distress the deceased's estate but the prisoner would give no direct answer; the prisoner shewed considerable anxiety to settle the debt due to witness; and called frequently to know if witness would give him up the deceased's papers, but when questioned as to his absence, always spoke and acted in a very evasive manner; witness suspected at this time, that all was not right, and that the deceased had been made away with; the deceased was very near becoming free, and witness never could have supposed that he would have gone away and left his property behind him; witness considered the deceased, at the time of his disappearance, to be a perfectly solvent man; the prisoner told witness, in conversation, that he was acting as agent for the deceased, and had a written authority for so doing, which he said he would shew to witness, but never did so. Cross-examined by Mr. ROWE.—The pri- soner said he had a power, which witness un- derstood to be a written document; he did not positively say it was, but he said he would shew it; witness has known the prisoner about three years, and never heard any thing against him up to the time of this accusation; witness is perfectly satisfied the deceased was solvent; was not in Court on an occasion when he swore he could not tell whether he was solvent or not. By the COURT - The papers which the prisoner wanted were some title deeds be- longing to the deceased. James Coddington deposed, that he is over- seer to Mr. Daniel Cooper, at Bunbury Curran, near Campbell-town; knew the de- ceased personally, but had no acquaintance with him; witness had occasion to be at Campbell Town about the 8th of July, and met the prisoner at the house of a person named Hammond; he proposed selling wit- ness a young horse, the price of which was partly agreed on, but on coming to look at it, witness had every reason to believe, that it belonged to the deceased, witness asked the prisoner where the deceased was, he said he left the Country with £300 in his pocket; witness enquired what authority he had for selling the horses of the deceased; he said he had purchased them from him, and had his receipt, but could not find it then, and said also that it was a secret about the deceased leaving the Colony; witness did not purchase the horse, and, on his return home, wrote to Mr. Cooper, informing him of what he had heard from the prisoner about the deceased. Witness again went to Campbell-town in a few days after, and called on the prisoner who shewed him the receipt, but witness, from having seen the deceased write, had consi- derable doubts that it was genuine, he did not think it was like the deceased's writing, and, on account of his doubts, would not purchase the horse; the prisoner never stated to wit- nes what reason the deceased had for going away so suddenly. Thomas Hammond stated that he knew the deceased ; he was living at Campbell Town up to the time of his being missing ; he was building a house there, and witness has heard, residing with the prisoner ; in the be- ginning of July last, the prisoner came to witness, and stated that, as the deceased had left the Colony, he had got some sawn timber to dispose of, which he wished witness to purchase, and take immediately, as he ap- prehended an execution ; he said the decea- sed had left the Colony, being afraid of a prosecution for forgery ; he said he had wri- ings that empowered him to dispose of Fisher's property, which he would shew to witness, but never did ; witness came down to Sydney in the month of August last, in company with the prisoner, in a gig, which he told witness belonged to the deceased ; wit- ness had some conversation with Mr. Cooper when he came to Sydney that time, about the disappearance of the deceased ; witness told the prisoner that Mr Cooper had said it was his opinion, and the opinion of the world, that the deceased had been murdered, when the manner in which the prisoner received the communication, induced witness to think that he had some hand in making away with him ; when witness and the prisoner came to Syd- ney on that occasion, it was agreed they should put up at the Emu Inn, at which place witness saw the prisoner, after his return from Mr. Cooper ; witness told him what Mr. Cooper had said, when he made no reply, but turned pale and endeavoured to force a smile ; perceiving the effect it had on him, witness ceased the conversation, for some time, and afterwards told him if he knew any thing of the deceased, it behoved him to give an account ; he said he had left the Colony, and that was all he knew ; wit- ness did not see the prisoner again that day, and has reason to believe he did not sleep at the Emu Inn that night, as it was understood they were to sleep in the same room, and when he saw him in the following morning, he said he had been to Parramatta ; witness advised the prisoner to go to Mr. Cooper and inform him how the deceased had left the Co- lony, and in what ship ; the prisoner was at this time in possession of all the deceased's property, which consisted of land, houses, and horses ; after his return from Sydney, witness had some conversation with the pri- soner, and strongly advised him to give some account of the deceased ; he said he could satisfactorily shew that he had purchased the property of the deceased, and all he knew of him was, that he had left the Colony, and was then on the salt water ; he afterwards shewed witness a receipt, which he said he had from the deceased, but which witness, being well acquainted with the deceased's hand writing, immediately said was a forgery ; the prisoner said the deceased had given it to him, when witness replied, if he had, it must have been to trick him, as he knew it was not his wri- ting. Cross-examined.—Has some reason to believe the prisoner cannot read or write ; the prisoner acted as general agent of the deceased as well before his death as after; witness never heard the deceased say he intended to leave the Colony. Wm. Sykes deposed, that he knew the prisoner and the deceased; has had some conversations with the prisoner after the disappearance of the latter; the prisoner always said he had gone out of the country; he told witness that he purch-ased of the deceased a grant of thirty acres of land, a gig and some horses, for which he had a receipt; witness has heard that a man named Talbot purchased one of the houses of the prisoner; the prisoner desired witness, after his apprehension, to tell Talbot if any one came to enquire after a mare he had, to say he rented her for three months. Cross-examined—Can't say what might have been the prisoner's reason for desiring him to give that message to Talbot, but witness suspected that the prisoner had sold him the horse, which afterwards turned out to be the case. Mr Lewis Solomon stated, that he was well ac- quainted with the deceased, and had often seen him write; the receipt which the prisoner said he had obtained from the deceased, and which was exhibited to witness, he positively swears is not the hand-writing of the deceased. Edward Weston deposed, that he resided with the prisoner about six or eight months ago at Campbell- town; he was government servant to him; knew the deceased; he resided on the adjoining farm; he dis- appeared in June last ; witness knew him for the last four years and never knew of his being in debt ; he was a man in good circumstances, and was possessed of farming implements, horses, and other property ; he had four horses ; two of them were sold by the prisoner, about a month after the disappearance of the deceased, one to a man named Wood, and another to Talbot ; the prisoner said they were his, and that he had purchased them from the deceased; they were sometimes on his ground, and sometimes on the pri- soner's; after the deceased had disappeared, the prisoner said he had purchased them of him, and also branded them afresh with his own initials. Samuel Hopkins deposed, that he resided in the same house with the prisoner and the deceased, in May and June last ; the last time he saw the deceased was on the evening of the 17th of June last; he left the house in the evening, and did not return; the pri- soner afterwards took possession of his property. Cross-examined.—Cannot say whether the prisoner was in the house when the deceased went out; a man named Laurence, and four others, went out shortly after the deceased; did not see the prisoner in company with the deceased that night at all; Laurence and the others were about an hour and a-half away; cannot say whether they all returned or not ; Laurence remarked, when he came back, that it was strange the deceased did not come back. By the COURT.—The prisoner made no enquiries on the morning after; he did not exert himself in any way to have an enquiry set on foot after him. Nathaniel Cole stated, that he resided in the same house with the prisoner and the deceased in June last; remembers the evening that the deceased disap- peared ; they all supped together on that night ; the prisoner was there ; the deceased gave a man named Laurence, one of the labourers employed on his build- ings, a pierced dollar previous to his going out ; Lau- rence and four others went to a public-house in the neighbourhood and remained away some time ; when Laurence and the others came back, Laurence said he wondered where the deceased was, that he wanted to get some more money from him; on the following morning they were all wondering where the deceased had gone to, and there was some talk of a gig having been seen coming near house in the night time, and that the deceased went away in it ; it was not reported that he left the Colony for six or seven days after. Cross examined.—Witness is sure that the deceased left the house before Laurence and the others. Robert Burke, Chief Constable at Campbell-town, deposed, that he apprehended the prisoner; witness knew the deceased, and believed he was a man pos- sessed of considerable property; when the prisoner was apprehended, a mare and colt, belonging to the de- ceased, were found in his paddock; the colt appeared to have been lately branded with his mark; it appeared formerly to have borne the deceased's brand; the priso- ner said he had bought the whole of the horses and had a receipt; witness searched the house, and found se- veral papers belonging to the deceased, but no re- ceipt; he afterwards gave a paper, which he knew not to be in the hand-writing of the deceased, to wit- ness, in the watch house in Sydney; the prisoner al- ways said the deceased had left the Colony. George Looland, a Constable, at Campbell-town, stated that, by order of the Bench of Magistrates, he commenced a search for the body of the deceased, on the 20th of October last; witness went to a place where some blood was said to have been discovered, and saw traces of it on several rails of a fence at the corner of the deceased's paddock adjoining the fence of Mr. Bradbury, and about 50 rods from the prisoner's house; witness proceeded to search with an iron rod over the ground, when two black natives came up and joined in the search till they came to a creek where one of them saw something on the water; a man named Gilbert, a black native, went into the water, and scumming some of the top with a leaf which he afterwards tasted, and called out that there was the fat of a white man; they then proceeded to another creek about forty or fifty yards farther up, still led by the natives, when one of them struck the rod into some marshy ground and called out that there was something there; a spade was immediately found and the place dug, when the first thing which presented itself was the left hand of a man lying on his side, which witness from a long acquaintance with him, immediately declared to be the hand of Frederick Fisher: the body was decayed a little particularly the under jaw; witness immediately informed Mr. William Howe, and the Rev. Mr. Reddall, and obtained a warrant to apprehend the parties who were supposed to be concerned in the murder; the Coroner was sent for, and the body being taken out of the earth the next morning, several fractures were found in the head; an inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown was returned; wit- ness particularly examined the fence where the blood was found ; there appeared to have been a fire made under the lower rail, as if to burn out the mark; the blood seemed as if it were sprinkled over the rails. Dr Patrick Hill examined the body ; it was so much decomposed that the injury done to the bones only could be ascertained ; the head was extensively fractured ; the features could not be recognized. Cross-examined, cannot say with what instrument the fractures were given ; the body was not decomposed so much as witness would have expected from the length of time, owing to the place being swampy, and the creek near is strongly impregnated with alum. Thomas Lethbridge Robinson was one of the inquest which sat on the body of the deceased ; can swear, positively, it was the body of Frederick Fisher. The Reverend Thomas Reddall, a Magistrate, was present at the examination of the prisoner ; he made a declaration which was taken in writing. Mr. Rowe for the prisoner, cross-examined the witnesses at considerable length, as to whether any promises or threats were held out to the prisoner, to induce him to make any confession. The declaration of the prisoner being put in and read, stated, that on the evening of the 17th of June, a man named Laurence got some money from the deceased, and, together with four others, went to a neighbouring public house to drink ; that after some time they returned, and the prisoner being then outside the house, and not seen by the others, saw two of them enter, whilst the other two, one of whom was Laurence, remained at the door; the prisoner then went down to the bottom of the yard, and after a little time, heard a scuffle, and saw Laurence and the other drag something along the yard, which they struck several times. The pri- soner then came forward, and called out to know what it was ; one of them replied, "it is a dog ;" the prisoner coming up, said, "It is Fisher, and you have prevented him from crying out any more." They said that they had murdered him, in order to possess themselves of what money he had, and bound the prisoner by a solemn pledge not to reveal it. For the prisoner, Nathaniel Boon deposed, that he knew the deceased, and had dealings with him ; witness intended to institute a prosecution against him for forgery, about the time he disappeared. Cross-examined.—It was the prisoner who informed witness that the deceased had ran away from an appre- hension of being prosecuted. The CHIEF JUSTICE summed up the evidence, and observed, that it was a case entirely of circumstances. The Jury were first to consider whether they were satisfied that the testimony brought forward sufficiently established the identity of the body which was found with that of Frederick Fisher. If they were not, then it was unnecessary to proceed one step further. If, on the contrary, they were sa- tisfied of that fact, and His HONOR proceeded to read the evidence by which it was supported, they would then go on to the other parts of the testimony affecting the prisoner, which, as he had already stated, though entirely circumstantial, was in its character of a particularly strong nature. His Honor then minutely recapitulated the circumstances of the case, and concluded by observing, that when a train of circumstances all meeting in one point were brought together, it was almost impossible to have any stronger evidence, more particularly in cases like the one before the Court, where the crime was usually perpetrated in such a way as to preclude the probability of obtaining direct proof. He left the case, without offering any opinion, entirely to the consideration of the Jury. The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty, Sentence of Death was then passed upon the prisoner. 