MR. EARLE our indefatigable and popular Artist we under- stand is preparing a panoramic view of Sydney on an exten- sive scale, for the purpose of transmitting to the Society of Arts in England. THE Editor of the Australian, whose opinion as a barrister is worth attention, alleges that the Church Corporation have not only abrogated their charter, but they are themselves so conscious of it, as to have sent home a petition for a renewal. We are sure that Government could not stimulate the loyalty and aftection of this colony more, than by not for giving the trespass of this same Church Corporation. THAT government, which with such severe aspect and inor- dinate zeal passed a law (censured by us at the time) to prevent the circulation of dollar money, giving the up-country people time wholly insufficient to learn its existence, is now issuing dollar-money itself ! Thus, we are to continue to be cursed with two sorts of money, which places the poor and illiterate at the mercy of the crafty and literate ! If a plain, simple, current money be not important, why was coining made a hanging matter ? WHILE we like Captain Allman's appointment to be police magistrate, because we know there is not a spice of the mili- tary man in him, but on the contrary, he is of a most bene- volent disposition, we entirely agree with the constitutional remarks of the Australian on his appointment as to principle. But if the appointment of English Captains, to administer the laws of a petty hamlet like Newcastle be so unconstitu- tional, what shall we say to the appointment of head magis- trate of police to the capital of Botany Bay having been con- ferred on a military foreigner ! WE have read the copious extracts from Mr. Atkinson's book, as given by our contemporaries, and have no hesitation in saying, that in accuracy and extent of information on subjects of husbandry, no work hitherto published, is at all to be compared to it. The data are all true, and the opinion and reasoning of the author plain and irrefutable, and tally with subsequent experience. We think Mr. Atkinson has great merit in the agricultural part of his work. IT is reported, that the Chief-Justice, Colonial-Secretary, Se- cretary to the Legislative Council, and the Chief Engi- neer of Public Works, have all lately got swinjing grants of land or reserves of land, and that the two latter have procured them to the damage of previous emigrant oc- cupants or seizers. We are glad to hear of this news as regards the two first civil officers. They have both large families, and if they had twice as much given them as is re- ported, the people would not begrudge them an acre. The better in fact the people will be pleased, because they are real patriots and excellent citizens. We have no notion ourselves of exacting self-denial and poverty as necessary appendages to and proofs of integrity. On the contrary, we do not see when land is given to every body, why men of rare worth and talents are, (and on that very account too) to be the only people who are to have nothing ! Our motto is, let them have the best share ! Edmund Burke's acceptance of a pension does not, in our view of patriotism, abate a jot from the integrity of that great man. As he justly observes in his defence of accepting the same—the estates of English peers descended to them through the law, as the gift of their country, in hopes they would be patriots. His pension was given him by his country, because he was already a patriot. THE Gazette is a droll paper. Its excellent article on the 31st. ult. on the liberty of the press in general, and his hearty support of it in Asia and Australasia, like charity, covers a multitude of this man's political sins ! THE lords of the treasury, we see, study the convenience of the British colonies in preference to that of their clerks and "office forms," and "office etiquette," for which we have ever seen the interests of this colony, often its very vitals, sacrificed by the administration of this unfortunate colony—we say, the lords of His Majesty's treasury, have di- rected Mr. Wemyss to draw for any sum other than 100l. by which we understand a poor prisoner, returning home free to his wife and childien, with his earnings of 10l. may have the privilege, henceforward, of procuring a bill on the trea- sury for that amount, paying at the rate of fourteen dollars per cent for the same. (Which fourteen dollars, by the bye, is an extortion on the public ; after having been once paid on the amount of specie imported. Half per cent ad infinitum would have been an enormous profit for His Majesty's honest ministers to have exacted of His Majesty's loving colonies on this behalf ; but the King knows no better, poor man !) THE Market-house is at length on the eve of being appro- priated to some serviceable purpose. The requisite alterations are in progress towards its conversion into a Police Office ; its con-tiguity to the new receiving watch-house, renders the si- tuation desirable, the want of a place of confinement at the old office being severely felt ; added to which, the degra- ding spectacle of bringing prisoners handcuffed through the streets will be obviated. MR. KEMP, of George Street, has lately built a very clever looking cutter designated the Emma Kemp, intended to run between Port Jackson and the sister colony ; she started on her first trip on Tuesday.—The gentlemen who form "the Ticket of Leave Board," are likely to have their hands full of business for some time to come, in deciding on the merits of about four hundred applications !—Mr. Cobb's extensive stock of merchandise (York Street) is about being brought by that gentleman to the hammer, in order to prepare for his brother's arrival. ANOTHER of those periodical hurricanes, which for two or three weeks past have visited Sydney, was experienced last Sunday. After a day of extreme heat, unparallelled this season, the thermometer having reached 110 of Farenheit in some places, the Sirocco-like wind which prevailed during the day was succeeded by a N. E. gale, which enveloped the town in a dense cloud of dust. It might be seen approaching like the gathering clouds which precede a tempest. A boat laden with fruit from Kissing Point was upset by the squall ; the cargo was lost, but the crew, consisting of three men, was saved. EXECUTION.—WORRALL, convicted on Friday, of the wil- ful murder of Frederick Fisher, of Campbell Town, under- went the sentence of the law on Monday morning last. The peculiar circumstances of the culprits case, the fact of the murder being committed by a man inhabiting the same dwel- ling with the unfortunate deceased, and the long concealment of the atrocious deed, together with its almost miraculous dis- covery, after an interval of four months, conspired to render the scene of peculiar interest. In few instances have we witnessed such stupor or indifference either to religion or to the attentions paid to him by the minister or gaol attendants. With a contracted brow and eyes immoveably fixed on the ground, he stood, both before and after he ascended the gal- lows, firm and motionless—no symptoms of fear or appre- hension, still less of remorse or participation in the sacred rites which were performing for his spiritual benefit. Such was the demeanour of Fisher's murderer, in whom covetous- ness, (for he possessed of this world's goods a comfortable portion) engendered the idea of murder, and which being con- trouled by no kindness of heart, ended in the foul crime for which he suffered. As the hour approached which was to open to him a dreadful eternity, it appears he resolved to do one act of justice at least, to the parties confined charged as accessaries, by acknowledging himself as the sole perpe- traitor of the deed. The motive which in his former confes- sion (read upon the trial) he states to have actuated the parties he implicated, namely, a desire to possess themselves of the property of the deceased ; he however exculpated himself in this second confession, alleging the commission of the murder to have originated in accident—a blow, he said, aimed at a horse, killed Fisher ; but the train of succeeding circumstances controvert such a story. At half-past nine, every preparation being completed, the drop fell, the rope by which he was suspended was of unusual shortness, he appeared to be instantaneously released from pain, but the mortal struggle was not, in reality, over, for after a lapse of near five minutes he showed symptoms of returning anima- tion, to the great pain of the witnessing crowd. Worrall was a tall, muscular man, apparently about 36 years of age. His body, we understand, was given to one of our Sydney practi- tioners, as a subject for anatomical and phrenological experi- ment; the sentence of the law having awarded dissection. HOBART TOWN EXTRACTS.—The sporting gentlemen of Van Dieman's Land have formed a Tasmanian Turf Club ; races to take place in April.—A bridge over the Derwent, at New Norfolk, is seriously contemplated, which it is calculated will reduce the route from Hobart Town to Port Dalrymple one-third of the distance.—A female named Wogan, who came out for an especial service in the Cape Packet, and was returning by that vessel to England, has been, it is said, trans- shipped on board the Sisters, whaler, on its way to New Zealand, contrary to her wish.—The ship Resolution, Captain Binny, from Calcutta to Valparaiso, which put into Hobart Town for wood and water, on the 24th of January, brings in- telligence of a declaration of war between Russia and Persia, and that hostilities are fiercely carrying on between the Turks and Arabs. "IT is rumoured," says the Colonial Times, "that His Ex- cellency Lieutenant-Governor Arthur is about to institute proceedings against the proprietor of The Australian, for an alleged libel in that newspaper of the 30th Dec. 1826. The subject since the arrival of the papers from Sydney has crea- ted great town talk." WE perceive one M'Carty has been fined by the Windsor Bench in the serious sum of 14l. 10s. besides costs, for em- playing a bush-ranger. This is a misnomer—a bush-ranger is a man who ranges the bush. M'Carty evidently, therefore, was fined for employing a convict not assigned to him. (Quere—does the law run in these words ?—if it does not, M'Carty can get his money again perhaps—we sincerely hope he will—a fourth would be plenty) We think if this offence be of such magnitude as to deserve so heavy a punishment, it ought to go to Quarter Sessions. But it is impossible it can require so heavy a punishment. The evil would be better prevented by a smaller fine. To raise 14l. 10s. would ruin half the little settlers on the Hawkesbury, and bring their families to beggary. So it is with that dreadful penalty of 25l. inflicted on those who encourage agriculture by selling Cooper and Underwood's home-made spirits without a license. Well might Barrister Wentworth the other day denounce the horrible fruits of a transplanted British excise-transplanted to this unhappy colony by the advice of the same-sort of wise-acres who, at the Board of Droviers the other day, absolutely sug- gested that no butchers should henceforth supply His Ma- jesty's magazines, lest they should steal some more of Mr. Wemyss's blankets—so zealous were these gentlemen-gra- ziers to secure His Majesty's linsey-wolsey property, and to sell their own beef first hand ! We prophecy the downfall of the excise, and all licenses, and all rewards to participating informers (which are mere premiums for treachery) and all fines above twenty shillings ; so soon as a House of Assembly is erected in the colony. WE notice in Thursday's Gazette, a sensible and modest letter or notice to ex-publicans and other ticket- of-leave men, who desire to hold licenses for the current year. Whatever reasons the magistrates had last year for turning many of this respectable class of men out of their bread, the patient perseverance of the latter, and the doubtful conduct of some of the pure Merino pub- licans, who were preferred to them, we imagine, will give the ticket-men or free women, whose prisoner husbands are assigned to them, greater weight with the worshipful the Sydney Magistrates this year than they had last. Whenever a new Governor arrives, it is always bad for prisoners, from the wretch working in irons, to the ticket-of-leave man. The pure Merinos always prick up their fox- like ears on such occasions, in hopes of keeping down the convicts, and restoring the good old times of King, Hunter, and Philip. This is their way, and will be so till their last gasp, for, poor fellows, they cannot help being tyrants, they were so long used to it. A few liberales, however, and a free press, Heaven be praised, are now enabled to keep down the pure Merinos in their turn ; and we have little doubt, therefore, a somewhat milder tone, and manners partaking more of suavity, will distinguish our worship- fuls this license day. At all events, The Monitor will be at their elbow ; and all the good things which may be sung or said on the important display of Justice power, we shall have the pleasure of laying before our readers with our note and comment thereon. THE public are obliged to pay 2½ per cent whether to obtain dollars for English coin, or to procure coin for dol- lars. Either way, the shop-keepers make you pay six-pence, in the pound ! If you want a bank note of 1l. sterling, or four clowns, or twenty English shillings, exchanged into Spanish dollars or dumps, you get 1l. 2s 6d. only. But if in five minutes afterwards you wish to have the same note or shillings back again, you must pay 1l. 3s. in Spanish dollars and dumps. Admirable system ! wor- thy of the present order of things, where post-offices are talked of for two years and advertised for one year, and then never taken more notice of ! 'Tis true, Lord Ba- thurst thinks we have mails running in all quarters, seeing the said advertisements—and that's every thing. WE should not think it impossible that the report at Van Dieman's, Land, of Major Goulburn having been offered the government of that colony is true. After the "impenetrable" ex-secretary shall have read a series of the Monitors, and considered our objection to his policy on some points, having integrity for a basis we doubt not he might erect a superstructure of sound policy thereon, so as to benefit the sister colony and do honour to himself. The major was a very clean-handed man. He never got a sous or an acre. Not, however, that we should have considered his character at all in- jured by having accepted a grant of 5,000 acres of land. He had a right to it—full as much as we have to our farm at Lake Bathurst. MR. HELY, it is said, resigns his new office of acting police magistrate, the first of next month, and Captain Rossi resumes the chair. Mr. H's. patient, considerate, and impartial deportment, have proved him well quali- fied to fill this important post. We have heard many praise his decisions, but never heard of a single com- plaint. A NAVAL Correspondent says, "His Majesty's seamen, when in foreign ports, are frequently called on to labour on shore, when they invariably receive daily pay iin addi- tion to their wages, and this from the British govern- ment, should it be even to assist in fitting another ship upon emergency. The seamen of His Majesty' ship Fly, were employed at Western Port, "road making." On this occasion, and in contravention of established usage, no remuneration was given to the labourers, who ought to have been deemed "worthy of their hire." NEARLY one hundred cases were disposed of at the Police Office during Monday and Tuesday. Business did not terminate on those days untill 6 in the evening. Some say this great increase of misdemeanour is owing to the harvest being over, and the Sydney hands return- ing to spend their earnings. An elegant and sentsible writer in the Australian makes the following remarks on the Coal of Newcastle ; in which we cordially agree. "The Coal, being in the hands of Government, may be con- sidered the cause of the wretched state of Newcastle. Instead of having a steam engine and substantial waggons to run down. an inclined plane, and empty their contents into the vessel's hold, as is done on the banks of the Tyne and Wear, the coal is here doled out in miserable thimbles full, and drawn about the wharf by hand barrows ! Five or six prisoners to a barrow is quite a common number of hands, and so often is the coal shifted about from baskets to bullock carts, from bullock carts to the wharf, from the wharf to the pier, from the pier to the lighter, and from the lighter to the ship, that, by the time it arrives in Sydney for sale, this fine coal is nothing but dust ; and even this dust is difficult to be had, at any price, some- times in the winter months. Such a waste of labour was never seen as at the government coal-work of Newcastle, and the sooner they get quit of them the better for themselves and the Colony. In other hands than theirs, a great part of our debts in India might be paid in coals, which are now paid in dollars. Let the government at once cut down that worse than useless establishment, and give a seven years' lease, at a rent to be determined by public auction, with all their engage- ments, and remove from Newcastle the wretched remnants of prisoners that are hovering about it, to other settlements ; for whoever takes a lease of the pit will find it their interest to employ free labourers in preference to bond." SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT, MONDAY, FEB. 5.—William Ward, Thomas Cook, and James Curry, prisoners of the crown, and heretofore absentees, were indicted on Monday, for maliciously shooting at constable Ratty, near Parramatta. This case has been tried before, previous to the capture of Ward, when the other prisoners were charged as principals and acquitted. The same circumstances operated on this oc- casion to produce another acquittal ; the possibility of the deceased having met his death at the hand of his brother con- stables being considered as an exoneration from the charge. JAMES BARLOW, a prisoner of the crown, and Charles Gilliver, as principals, and Catherine Gilliver or Lauri, both of Sydney, free, as an aider and abetter, were indicted for a burglary in the house of Mr. H. Marr, in December last. The particulars of this case were fully detailed at the time of its occurrence. A verdict of Guilty was returned against all the prisoners.—Remanded. TUESDAY, 6.—SAMVEL PASFIELD, of Sydney, free dealer, was charged that he had in his possession certain property, stolen from Lieutenant-Colonel Dumeresq. The evidence adduced, blended the acts of the wife with those of the hus- band, and the law putting a favourable construction upon all doubts, the charge in this case was not substantiated in a legal point of view, and the prisoner was acquitted. CORNELIUS HUGHES, of Sydney, labourer, indicted for forging an order on the Bank of New South Wales.—Verdict Guilty. Remanded. WEDNESDAY 7.—JAMES CALLAGHAN and MICHAEL KEELY, pri- soners in the service of the Crown at Parramatta, were indicted for a robbery on the prernises of Thomas Clowes, housekeeper of the same place, on the 18th of November last, and putting the wife of the proseculor in bodily fear. Guilty—Remanded. JAMES EGERTON, of Parramatta, free labourer, was indicted for receiving a.Silver Watch, the property of Clowes the above-men- tioned prosecutor, stolen by the prisoners Callaghan and Keely. Guilty—Remanded. JOHN REDMOND, of Sydney, free Cordwainer, was indicted for stealing a piece of muslin and a piece of calico, the property of Mr. H. Marr of Castlereagh Street, from the premises of Elizabeth Nearney in Philip Street, on the 29th of Dec. last. Not Guilty. 