English Miscellanies. Continued. .reason to think; that the negoications which -vefor?? ieen carrying on between the Em pero of Brazil vernmeit of Buenos Ayres, -.under the auspices of Lord 'sr-. are now' very far advanced ; and it is probable, the late u-tlee in Rio Q· p~ad,: in which both partieslhave suffered consld?1ta vy without any decisive result having been obtained by ei -0sr, .may entd to hasten the return of peace, by impres \- '?ing~ both parties, with' the impolicy of exhausting their resources, in so unprofitable a contest. - Tn Marquis of Stafford gives ..70,000 for the late Duke ofIYork's . new.. house in Stable-yard, as it now S`-.stands unfinished. k Tas number of veteran and disabled seamen, pension ers inr Greenwich Hospital, amounts to about 2,700, of which 1,500 sit down to dinner daily at one o'clot k, in the long-hall. The - utmost order prevails until the boatswain, who takes his station at the head of the hall, .says grace.' Then a clatter of knives and forks, not unlike a chorus of marrowbones and cleavers, begins. t'-hey buty oi an average one a day; and on a calculation, the hospital is cleared of the whole'of this race of heroes every seven years. The tforning Chronicle of yesterday, contained an ar ticle of intelligence both singular and important. It stated, that the country to the east of the Rio Grand.', " which has long been the scene of contention between the troops of Buenos Ayres and of theBrazils, is to be ceded to Great Britain in trust, this country agreeing to exer "cise- over it a controul and protection similar to that which she has, for 12 years, exercised over the Ionian Islands. This arrangements has been produced by the interference of Lord Ponsonby, our Ministar at Rio de * Jaueiro, and is, consequently, agreeable to the views of the Emperor of the Brazils. We infer from this scheme, .that our Imperial Ally, Don Pedro, confides in the Monarchical spirit of the English, to sustain his totte ring throne, by interposing between the South Western boundary of the Brazils, and the territory of the Repub lie of Buenos Ayrcs. Our occupation of this territory may give us a uemeorary and factitious influence upon the States of Chili, Peru, oand Buenos Ayres ; but it is from general principles of free trade, and free institutions Slike those adopted by the Anglo-Americans, that we can hope to be permanently and extensively influential in those regions. . Sale of the Sharkespeare Jubilee Dresses.-A great number of theatrical persons and others were attracted yesterday, to Messrs, Robin's Rooms, in the Piazza, Covent-garden, at the sale of the splendid dress: s, &c.; worn at the late commemorative Gala at Stratford-upon Avon. They were made by Mr. Pailmer of Tavistock street, and embraced the principal Characters, in the fol lowing Plays of Shakespeare, viz..-Hamlet, Macbeth, Othello, King Richard the Third, Romeo and Juliet, King Lear, King John, Merchant of Venice, Merry Wives- of Windsor, Henry the Fifth, The Tempest, Winter's Tale, As you like it, and, A midsummer Night's Dream. Three suits of armonr for the Characters of The Ghost in Hamlet, Saint George, and Henry the ,Fifth, were much admired. The former, a very superb suit of plated armour, from bead to foot, sold for £.10 15s. ; a suit of Grecian armour for Saint George, was knocked down at three guineas; a splendid suit of sil ver armour, for the character of Henry the Fifth, fetched *.5 7s. 6d.; a King Lear Dress, with a Coronet, £.5 6s. 6d.; anEdgar (Mad Tom) Dress, nine shillings ; a purple velvet Robe and crimson shirt, embroidered with gold, for Richard the Third, R.6 8s. 6d. ; a rich Dress for Macl th,.with a coronet, 'a.4 7s.; a Tartan Shirt and Plaid, and Helmet for Bauquo, 16s.; pur chased by Mr. Harley, the comedian. Three Witches' Dresses, £.1 9s.; a superb Dress for King John, a long Crimson Shirt, with white belt, a yprple Velvet Robe, lined throughout with amber satin, richly embroidered with gold, and gold cord tassels, ..6 2s. 6d.; a Cardi nal's Dress, £.1 13s.; a fawn- coloured long Tunic, with blue Robe, Hood, and Cap, for Falconbridge, £".1 y's.;c a very splendid Othello Dress, £.6 17s. 6d.; an jago Dress, .2 leas. 6d.; a Dress for Hamlet,,-a black velvet robe trimmed with jet buttons, lined throughout with black silk serge, gold cord and tassels, a black Skerseymere skirt, &c.;, 4 guineas; a drab-coloured Skirt and Cape for the Grave-digger, 4s. 4d., pmuchased by Mr. Harley. AGE OF BIRDS.-The following has been compiled f rom different authors by Count Morozze. in a letter frown him tb Lacepede:--Swan, about 300 years; par. rot, about 100; goose, 80, or more; eagle, bustard, duck, or turkey, period of life not known; peacock, 25 to 8s, pheasant, 18 to £0; hen, 16 to 18; pigeon, 1(j to 17; linnet, 13 to 14; canary, 13 to 14; goldfinch, i ;8 to 20. . tTarua.-MArcuesTra.'--Business continues in much the same state that we reported last week; the demand limited, with a partial decline of price. But as this par- ticular period of the year is generally unfavourable to trade, the present stillness ought not to be considered I an lhdicttion of permanent declension. We feel, on the contrary, coInfdent that a few weeks will see a con Iderable improvement both in the demand for our man ,nctures, and in their price. We are particularly hap- 1 py ptiit'te, that:the late advances in wages have pro- t ieQ 4 great and beneficial cbapnge in the circumstances ,?f tIIa ~Payers i who are pot oply nt fiul leployP ent, but also in receipt of wages by which, particularly whore there are two or three of them in a family,, they are able to obtain a comfortable livelihood. GLASGOW.—In Gorbals and Tradeston, as in other places of the suburbs, the population continues to be fully employed ; and this favourable state of things has, in that quarter, as elsewhere, produced the happiest effects in diffusing hope, cheerfulness, and contentment, among those who were long strangers to such kindly feelings. Although the rise in the prices of weaving has not materially benefited the condition of the wea- vers, individually considered, yet the circumstance of their being now able to obtain full work, without any trouble to themselves, and the hope that, should the present improvement continue to go on, prices will by and by rise, make them ply their industrious labours with cheerfulness. Cornish Wrestling Match.--Second Day.- Among the noblemen and gentlemen present, we noticed-General Sir R. H. Vivian, M. P., Sir Richard Vivian, Colonel Thornhill, E. 1andarves, Esq., B. Trevannion, Esq., C. Vivian, Esq. &c.; TUE celebrated Stone, from Devon, then threw his hat into the ring, to opposie Martin. Stone is only five feet four inches high, and.until dressed in the wrestling costume, had nothing terrific in his appearance. On grappling Martin, however, who was somewhat taller than himself, and a tolerably powerful man, his amazing strength became evident, from the rapidity with which he despatched his opponent; indeed, so quickly did he throw Martin, that no person could be found to oppose him for the second fall; and having remained his time in the ring (eight minutes), he retired as a standard. This, it must be understood, was not because the Cor nishmen had not a person able to oppose him on the spot, but from a desire that Stone should be a double player. Lanyon, a Cornishman of amazing strength, then entered the ring to make himself a standard, and lifting his opponent from the ground, not in his arms, but with his hands, threw him in an instant. This was such a convincing argument to others, that there was no chance in opposing him, so that he also remained in the ring the required time without an opponent, and was consequently declared a standard. The remainder of the play, though very good, displayed nothing worth de Stailing, with the exception of a diminutive Cornishman, who made himself a standard by throwing two sturdy men, for which he was loudly applauded ; and Julyan, an elderly Cornishman, who also threw two men--one of them a Devonian, and the other a Norfolk man, of nearly sixteen stone, for which he was also loudly applauded. LORD TBURJLOW.-He would go to the stake sooner than serve the ablest man whom ;he did not like; but, for a king's, ransom, he would not promote his best friend to an office which he had not capacity to fill. When Davenport, afterwards Sir Thomas, whom Thur low hod every reason but one-unfitness-to wish to advance, wrote to the Chancellor the following brief note: 'f My dear Lord-The Chief Justiceship of Chester is vacant. Shall I have it ? Yours, T. Daven port,"-his Lordship as laconically replied; " No, by G-d. Kenyon shall have it. Yours, Thurlow." Life of Lord Eldon., Tl'n public will be delighted to learn, upon authority which we can assure them is correct, that the illustrious Mrs- Siddons enjoys at the present moment, better health than she has done for the last ten years. This almost tempts one to moralize on that tritest of all themes, the fleetness of time, which we hardly know we have possessed till we look back upon it, and find it gone. It seems but as yesterday, since we beheld this great performer in all the magnificence of her genius, and all the grandeur of her matchless form and face; and now,-still looking back upon these things as only of yesterday,-we find ourselves recording the tolerable health of a venerable lady of.seventy three ! £PsoM RACES.-THE DEREBry.-This great race, on which so much speculation has been made, so many dif ferent opinions formed of the merits of the horses, and such consequent variations in the betting (the ebbings and flowings of which have been unprecedented), has at length come off to the surprise of some, the annoyalce of many. and the delight of a select few-but this is the natural consequence of. all great events. As the hour drew near which was to set at rest the hopes and fears of the assembled multitude, and at the same time decide the fate of a million or two of money, an approach to the lines of the Course was observable in I every part of the Downs ; an some time before the I start so completely was that part of it which leads from 'latenham-corner to the Judge's Stand covered, that it £ became an Herculean task to clear a sulicient space for z the horses to pass through as they came in; nothing but the most, strenuous exertions on the part of the con stabulary force, assisted by the Clerk of the Course, I could have succeeded in attaining this object. At the starting-post the scene was equally animated, bat of a c different character; a feverish anxiety was manifested i by every individual of the throng; not a moment was lost; bets were offered and snapped up to the amount v of thousands, every minute; in short, till within a I minute or two of starting, the betting-ring was the scene n of unexampled noise and confusion. At length, when the horses were saddled, the jockeys mounted, and every thing being ready for the race, the hubbub subsided; and when the magical word Off" ! was given, the lowebst s whispeg might have been heard, . AT a little after two 'elocký e great event came of Sas follows: The Derby Stakes of 50 sov. each h. ft. for 3 yr-old Colts, 8st. 71b; and Fillies, 8s. 21b. The last mile and half. The owner of the second horse to receive loo soy. out of the Stakes. t Lord Jersey's Maineluke, by Partisan .......... 1 Lord Jersey's Glenartney, by Phantom--Web .... S The Judge only placed these two, but nineteen horses also started. Betting immediately before starting: F 5 to 1 against Glenartney 20 to l against Espagndlle 6 to 1 against Windermere 40 to 1 against Edmund 6 to 1 against Roderick 1000 to 30 ag. Spondee 7\. to I against Defence 1000 to 30oag. Turcoman 8 to 1 against Gaberlungie 1000 to 8 ag. Bachelor 16.to 1 against Turcoman Glenartney was backed to an enormous amount. AFTER three false starts, they got off, Bachelor being. a trifle in front, with Mameluke, Glenartney, Edmund, Windermere, Gaberlungie, Espagnolle and another or two close to him, and nearly abreast. They went at a tremendous pace to the Rubbing-house; and, at tliA top of the hill, Mameluke was first landed, Glenarrtney and Edmund looking pretty well; Glenartney then came out, and passed Mameluke, and continued in front at a diminished pace, round the corner, and till within half a distance of ending, when Edmund made a push at him, but failed immediately, and gave :way to Mame-. luke, who, in a few strides, got up to Glenartney, and between these two a short struggle ensued; but all in favour of Mameluke, who got the lead, kept it in good style, and won very easy by two lengths. Windermere, notwithstanding the good' jockeyship of Sam Chifney, -was one of the first that was beaten ; the Duke of Graf ton's two, Spondee, and several others, were also beatent early. In fact, at the top of the hill, the only horses, who had anything to do with the race were Mameluke, Glenartney, and Edmund; and from that point to Tat.. tenham Corner, it was a complete tail race. Gaberlun gie and Espagnolle ran in next to Edmund. It is proper to state that positive orders were given to Lord Jersey's jockeys, not to consider each other, but each to do his best to win; and we believe that similar orders were given to the Duke of Grafton's riders. The value of the stakes to Lord Jersey, will be two thousand seven, hundred pounds. COMPARATIVE NUTRITIVE PROPIRTEIES OF DIPFFFRNTr KINDS OF FOOD.--In bread, every hundred pounds weight are found to contain eighty pounds of nutrtioua matter ; butcher's meat, averaging the various sorts, Contains only thirty-five pounds in one hundred; broad beans, eighty nine; pease, ninety three; lentils (a kind of half pea but little known in England), ninety-four pounds in one hundred ; greens and turnips, which are the most aqueous of all the vegetables used for donestic pur poses, furnish only eight pounds of solid nutritious sub stance in one hundred; carrots, fourteen pounds ;. and, what is remarkable, as being in oppositiou to the I ither to'acknowledged theory, one hundred pounds of pota toes only yield twenty five pounds of substance,; valu able as nutrition. CAPTAIN FRANKLIN.-W-e have great pleasure in lay-. ing before our readers intelligence of the safety of tbhe adventurous Captain Franklin and his companions. The accounts are from the Detrcit paper of the 15th of May, which contains despatches dated Saulte de St. 'Marie, April 29. '1 he despatches reached the latter place on the 12th of March: When the bearer left Fort Franklin, in October, every person of the ex pedition was in good health, and the history of their travels in this expedition will be read without raising those feelings, which the horrors of the former expedit. tion excited. Captain Franklin, with his companions,. was expected at Saulte de Marie in July, on their return to England. The following are the only facts which had transpired relative to the expedition : 'o They have established the fact, of the continuity of the water communication from the mouth of the Coppermine to M'Kenzie river, and from thence have pushed their examination as far as 149 deg: 48 min. of west longitude. At this point they were compelled, by the density of the fogs, to relinquish the design of proceeding to the Pacific Ocean by Icy Cape." INDaN SrEAM.--At a meeting of the Calcutta Society for Steam Navigation, it has been determined, that though the voyages rcquisite to entitle him to the pre mium offered by the Company, had not been accom plished by Captain Johnstone, yet, his efforts in promoting steam nat igation called for a mark of the Company's approbation. Half the accumulated sub scriptions (the whole of which amounted to 80,000 rupees, or f.8000) was accordingly voted to Captain Johnstone. IT is in contemplation to establish a steam mail packet between Falmouth, and Madrais and Bengal. The vessel is to be built after the model of the Leith smacks, of 200 or '220 toLs, and to be provided with two twenty five horse power engines; the mast is to be so con ptructed, as to lower down on the deck in case-of head winds. and the funnel is also to be lowered at pleasure. Expedition being the first consideration, she will carry no pas~engers; and fifty days consumption of coals will, if possible, be stowed. No. 81, George Sreet, Sydnej, New South Ik?'r)l ᴇᴅɪᴛᴇᴅ, ᴘʀɪɴᴛᴇᴅ, ᴀɴᴅ ᴘᴜʙʟɪꜱʜᴇᴅ, ʙʏ ᴛʜᴇ ᴘʀᴏᴘʀɪᴇᴛᴏʀ, p."a, nstar. ' 