Supreme iiïiMH ci ou vi. FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1827. Bifuri'the Chief Justice and a Special Jury. WAIlDHI.t. t!. IIOWK. Mr. W. Wentworth stated the case. This was an action for an alleged libel con- tained in the Sydney Gazelle of the I lib ot August, 1825. Tue declaration contained eight counts. The first count, after stating the common inducement of good churnclor, &e.; went on to allege that the' plain ti IV, at the time of the publication com plained ol', wits the proprietor of a certain Newspaper, culled the Australian, in this Colony, and had been of a certain other Newspaper, « ulled the Statesman, m Eng'un«!, which lutter Pupur he sold for a valuable consider* ntio.f, and emigrating to New South Wales | for u'o purpose of establishing the Austra- lian wt.ieb, through his industry, obtained eonsiilenn.de repute and circulation, in con tequeuce ot which Ihe circulation of the defendant's nc\\.'»l'«l-«-r. ibu Sydnei/ Gazette, wns thoii!>htto he dtin.'.iislied. Thal the de- fendant, knowing IImísc premises, a«?d wish- ing to bring the plaintiff into disgrace, .'tod disrepute, published,on the 1 ltb ol' October-, ?182.';, un article in the Sydney Gazette, «culled " Anticipation," in order to cause it to be believed, that the Statesman, whereof ,the plaintiff had been proprietor in Eng- land, wus oblig«itl to be discontinued by .bim on account of insolvent eilcuuistanccs, nnel ol a large sum due to the stump office. TJmt be was prosecuted for libelling various parties in England, for which lie wns fined and imprisoned, and lind finally been com- pelled to emigrate ; and that the newspaper, called tlie Australian, whereof (he plaintiff . then was a part, und now is sole proprietor, was in a languid and declining sta.e, und about to become extinct, &c.; The other -counts set forth Hie libellous mutters in vu .rions wuys. To this notion the ceneruj Jissue wus pleaded. That the meaning of the libel wus tis stilted to be, it wus itnpos . stole to entertain a elonbt ; for if any ob- scurity appeared in one ¡«n't, that obscurity wns suflk'iently explained by another ; t-q ,that it was not necessary to bring forwuid 1 any proof in support oí the i'ltcrpvetution, givett-in tiwi various counts. The plaintitf, nt the time of the publication of this libel, Wits and still is the proprietor or part pro pi ie tor of the Australian ; tlie defendant mile proprietor «d' the Sydney Gazette. From the first establishment of the Australian, it, wus clear, from many of his publications, that the défendant felt himself uncninfort uble, and,fearful Unit the uew paper .«would outrival his own. Ile had probably ex- perienced the truth of his conjectures, mid was therefore a xious, by every meium, lo throw odium on the defendant,, and by every possible mode of abuse to curb that circu- lation, which, as ihe result verified, soon outdid his own, and to k1 tile in the birth a paper from which, no doubt, ,lie would ex- perience considerable pecuniary injury. Scarcely bud the new publication com- menced when ever) species ol' obloquy was resorted lo by the defendant; libel followed libel, until at length the plaintiiT, with all his regar«* for the liberty ol' the prout, Jolt himself called upon to «hew lo (he defen- dant llie difference between l'bcrty und li etiitioiisness ; and to prove lo bim ti ut t the liberty of the press did no1, authorise the vituperation of privuto character. For thin purpose he commenced the present action, which he «subsequently let. lie over in the hope that it would have nome cfTccl on the conduct of the defendant. ; but moderation, inslcad ol' curbing, seemed only to have ni ide the defendant more inveterate. Such was the motive which prevented the action being brought sooner to a crisis ; but with thal motive the Jury had then nothing lo do-the only question for their considera lion was, whether ihe article wns or was not. libellous. That it wait so, he (Mr. W.) had no doubt His Honor would slate to them, and that the nu ¡ming was, as charged in the declaration, he thought they would have little doubt when they heard the libel itself, which lie would now proceed to reud to them : [For the Article, called Anticipation our Penders aro referí ed to the Sydney Gazette of the 11th ol' August, lH'j/i.J li was clear, if the Jury believed thal writing (o be a mere allegory, but still in- tended it to iden I i l'y the plaintiff under the names of the Statesman anti the Australian, that it contained two gross libels upon bim- first, the allegation that be lind been prosecuted and convicted for libel ; and, secondly, that the Statesman wie* obliged to be discontinued on account of Ins btuikrupt and insolvent circiimsfauce, from which he wits compelled lo emigrate, a large sum being at (he lime iluv, lo the,Com.|nissioiiers of Ihe Stamps which he was obliged fo dis- charge out of his stock in trade. It was impossible that any imputations c.mld be circulated more uijur'niis. Here was it gentleman, with nu unblemished eharacter, anil who was universally esteemed, when out comes a publication containing charges that he lind been a cmumnti libeller; ihe proprietor of a paper, the principles of which wore so bad that he was obliged to abandon it us no longer profitable ; that he had been lined und-imprisoned for defama- tion, which punishments, coupled willi the principles of his paper,' had compelled him to betake himself lo some obscure «orner in Fleet-slreet, which, however, did not avail bim, for, after lingering n few weeks, his paper gave up the gbos-, leaving the plain- tiff so reduced in circumstances that he was obliged to pay a government debt oui I of his stock in trade, which was sob* (or I the purpose. He (Mr. W.) would ask what could be moro calculated to degrade and injure the plaintiff than such slnk-nicnls, supposing thom to be credited ; and thal they hud obtained partial credit, ninny wit- nesses could prove, if necessary. Thete was throughout llie article such an apparent knowledge of facts, that it wau not easy for a person unacquainted with Hie real circum- stances of the ouse, to believe them to be a mere fiction of the bruin. The name of the particular paper ol' which the pluintill' was known to be the proprietor ol' in London, the iiunic ol' a ceri ni ii street, and a variety of circumstances all combined, so to fix the application on the plaintill', all looking so much like truth, that ti person even be- lieving pure would still believe it could not all be f.dse. i That it way ¡ill false, however, he (Mr. W.) would satisfy the Jury. True it was that the plaintiff wus the proprietor of a paper culled the Statesman, in London, but lliat it experienced the fate described in that article was certainly most, false. Ori- ginal documents were ready to be produce«! to shew the consideration for which the plain- tiff purchased that paper, and for what it. was disposed of, the result, of which was, that be bought it for (he sum of.L'l.'ïOO, und sold it for j .¿'«'»OOOiii November, Ifan.afioi'biiugproprie | tor four years. The tiefe..(¡ant in this action not having attempted lo prove the truth of of his assertions it was not competent to the plaintitf to go into evidence of their false- hood, and the circumstance which he had slated was, therefore, merely alluded to, to shew how scandalous was the assertion that j that paper «lied a natural death from its un- profitableness ; for it no1 only had no1 sunk but considerably risen in value, and was afterward* iueoiporuletl nilli tin-(»lulu-anil Vnivolloi- ; so that the tv hole «if ituii part of titi« nrlicle ran n m:;iii«1uIi)iiis unit iiuilieionv invi'iilii.u. Thr nlli-^aiinn about the »tump office uu.i cqiuilly false -, for if n pa- per coull) lie dil«! fur .Claim, it W!i» inn likely ihm n ililli s (io util he jiniil nut nf llu- proceeds- fruin" the sale ii!'the slock in trade, ¡mil which, in fuel, wa» never used in such a manner. The article then, being altogether untrue, could any thing be more scandalous j than tlutt such ii publication «tumid lui ve tivoli lui I,-m Jed ? Ii iviix efl'tir that the defendant munt have oulijeli'd nome riiuioiil'i, nuil, with hin numil ing-e nnity, nil suth n hase erected ibis eiül'ue, «riviiur vent . iiinii nlle.irory, Ihe foundation if which wns evidently n few iiue'orliiin «luhi, t» »lilli »jileen which he felt nt the depreciation of hit own paper, mid Die mecen« «f (he pluhinfTV lu thñf cuse it was nut s (it'ed in the declination thnt the jilniulitf lind tuistniiietl any parti- cular injury in lu« irado or calliinr ; it wa« merely his private*« li irncler that wag ntlncki-d ; au«) cert.'liul.C nlilu-l more eulcuIllicit I» injure hi« reputation in ihii Colony, where it w11» ¡mpossjlilc he could convince piihliu how unfounded wer« the «insertion» it 0011 luineil, could »ciirc.t ly have heen iiiilulifvri in. lie would ask the Jury if they could helicvc thnt Dr. Wnrilcli I1111I hecu a bankrupt proprietor of 11 London newspaper ; that he wau io nindi involved thnt his ?tuck lind heen sold to pay a Uiiveriinieiil deht ; unit 1 lint willi the little hi« díso/mueil mu) discaide«) prin- ciple» hnd left him, lie lind «'inijj-riil.'il lo thin Colony, wliaf would I»«] the ('fleet 011 their minds ?/ Would they look on him in the same light nu that in which I hey lind liei-etufiiie viewed him ? He would link how such imputations could have (»ecu met in (lil eases out of 1U0 ? If the defendant had justified, im ii hap- pened lie (Mr. Ur.) «milli luive dlspioved every nile.. Kiition, m lie kui!«- wini mid what Hie plaintiff «vu«, und every cii- cnnislanep . connected willi him ; lint he would tink wiim nut linn an ad Tailliere which DU nut of 100 pet ions, li.-'ile in he nt luck ed in the same wny, did no1 pie-m-ir ? Did the defendant know Uteri! »li onjr period in the Colony who could testify tu the falsehood of tluse naoc.ilions? No, he hojied lhere was not. ile li ipvl tliiit Iii« publication would hove established ¡tself (he puhlie ipitid, uni) (hal it would hnv» effected thnt object he lind in view, namely, lo d'uiiinii>h Ihe eilculiiiiou of llie plaiuljl)''» paper, and encrcase tin« of hi» own. lind this heen a siilitary at- tempt, the plaintill' ini^hl not lui ve pcrsisti-d in hie action. It «nu not pli.-ii«aiit for one Editor to hrinjr action» nifninst mininer editor, hut it would he obvious to the Jury,-thnt public ii inclusion might he cotidne.leil without private attack» of this nature, If this oriieli hndnlludid lo, oi una iiitemhil to iifule nny fiibr piiinuift» ol rtiisunm/; in pnliti« in nun ni» bv (hu íiliiinlifi, nuil if, in Ila lou rue id bul li diglum ni, nu iiiuhlcuiiil dilution hail linn nindi, the suhjiti nujrlit lui vo iliiitid ii mid sunni vi xm»i be nindi'. In this ni tait, nu »ni li tlnno; wns iliiiu , hut u fnlsit lind uiu Iiouiiis iitlnilt Wim pul min tim lui ni «if nu lillipilli, thnt it imirfit jhishi us (hut happy iiinluu uilv ulioui ii u Indi tin (h li ml mt hup««! would sin hu him linn the liability nttiitliiiii,' to lum Ile wits sun y lo stn, lliut lins wuk only nui /lotion «mt ufa tfioinuiiiil, ou Hie pari i.f llu. ilef'iidiiul. Nohjmuih vf »lurilltly had Ikiii linn sorttd io. Uti w11 rd, nilitlt« icr,cvi ry vanity of har« mid ii« np» lihh (luuiiitii hud the def« iidntit linn Inlil iiji ni In tin (iii bin: vim« , mill, null» hut i few day« Hiiiu , nu ussiitluli »un piihlishiil, thnt ia hail mud«, n «iiIiiiiimiio iiuulogy to put ti stop torcilittu prim nlhi|r» m Hu» ((Joint Could the .liny bilton that tin libcrl) of III« pious toimislid in til«) litnjiiltjr uf iviiy uniiihilniiH iisptirmn upiui pitvnlo « harm Ki, whtili timid bu lliiiiijrlit ol'i iitiliniialli, on mu pn son? Hiw would nny ol the Imv tiki it should lu hint lo) lit In the pöbln,, thnt )it lind hu n ii «iiiivii li ii 1 billi i, fun ii, luipi i» nuil, uiiil a baukiitpt > ( »uki mi) linne lu thought of ivhuli would huvi ulnuliiiiv lu ihIP ni' n milli muli, mid to mulei him nut only odious n>llu milk ty win h in lu ixtsl«, hut lim Helmut iii« iv,h 1,1 > ||o (Hi. W J was fun ful, I iilml he had little doubt I lui t llu pun« » mild li «iilhialli «I, nuil Hum ii« ii lim indium ut«., lin m win the pn«liii li um «Indi vi mihi lu hump-hl fun md, hu no ni lit i ni o/u nu ii Is tun Id bu adduiid, lu slu iv ihm wi im ii unfit to i njov it tiny lunirii,, whin uni h ni I nek ii du pi ivan «luirai In mu pinn nul /Imni mi« tlie iiifrinui lils In I« tin mi; lb« puis, iilui.li would hu hioitphl forward hy us em./,'anil lint iii h minni nun Hu mun, ulm, ii Ik ii lliut lilu i ly should lu nhiiikbd, mimili s< I (hiivii mid say thal li« was Hu nntli ml ii, I xiusis »I.Id lu made for some trifling aberations, and he was no limul tollu libtilv ni Hu pi «s» nlm would mil do«» , bul, ii was, iii.tu itlihtnniliu^, i munal to Hu lilli i( Hu » of Iii«, pros, in «viiy «iiindv, Unit minni* lill lix |n. m lil ill, lilli lu lu out, hi I li« j . livi ii to Inn ? k Hi« lioumliiiils ol lui noil li (¿ililli Hi «fis« munn, tl.i-j «ure Iii« I inil-iiiu. k» lo shew »bin lilu rtv i.niliil -4ml In ciitiuusiuss Iiiluii , liny wiro iii 11.-wiry to «orr«it Hit public limul, and to slu w fluil privet« m mi.I ii, if tol«i il«d, wis mill tulciatid lunn ih ' Itmlv ol Hu pi rsons ki, mil iii/, ii, ami no1 bv llu law» lit is nu ¡«I not di tutu Hu .litt v willi further «minni nts, bul m st «m»!«« «I, fluil, as ht I nil no «loutit II IH HoMUi would (Ililli thiin, if tiny hill« vi ii Hu . I r In < ii 11 II win inn nib«! to bu iib nulli «I m Hint ni noli, ililli it wiiii hh iiuiuunt ol (liin.njfis, In. wimbi nu ii ly sn.n, Hint, in llu il< i hillturn, tin j «vi ii hud al Í II 00, lot tin. lui v lu lu ve llu plniulill lo hi iib «< sp« i tubb us on« ol llu mm I vi i, m ii irm lum ilia» ixiii.l iniiiBUii uliu.li Hu v would i »ipi« t iii tin lilu uní. Iiiiiiis I hoiiiptiiii < Mimili« «t - A |i«p«l «ni put ml" Ila w Min is s blind winch lu s/nliil lob« n umolu i of llu Sjdmy (111/111«, punjum ii hv bun al Hu di / in (Illili, mi tin 7ih ol Ottohd, UtJo , willies I oui,lit i tvliuli fib foi Hu «muni yiai ullin siam turn, uni mai ki ii llu ni nil in about a ipi uti roi au 1 io i« i allí i mu ii« ( mm i Mummil by Mr Niulnii - Did not pun li iii tin ni at tin di liiiihuii's n sub mi, but iii n stn p siiuu distance from the house; they were given him by the di ft minni h c1« i It, lo M lunn willi« us lins paul moni y In- biri on uti »uni ol di fi minni W II ( IiiiiiiIm is, I mi < vannin d . Witness lui» luh« n in iii« S\ dm y (iii/itli for i u ml ^ mrs, iipln luil J/i Killin i , timk ii iii m li, nili, nil« t,t «I lilul met publish««! , (puptr litiiiilnl lo wilius*; llu p ipi i ian numil ii, is out,,I Hu lilli of AiilmisI, IHih, mil is one of lliosi i «ii in ii bv willie», liny «ut it. lui n ii a( wtlniss's Iiuiisi by n pi ii on » bum wiliuss muli i si nod to In tin ib n ml nit's sirvaiil, < iiiiint mu ar puMlivi Iv that llu ih bullion's siiviuil «I« liv« r« «I (bat pin It« ular oin , lim Hu pi rson, who usually dtlivi is Hum, wiliin.» lu In vi s lu lu a m i vaut i.l llu di f« tidiiiil, willi« s» lui» paul lor lins n ii iii hi i union» «I nth« is to i imni uuiikiI di i i ato hi \ Ii i ails ii» «bil« in Hu (Inliiiihint's sliop, I lillipilli i« lo Ins ilwi lime- Iiuiisi , lins ii iei.i ipi (in lin/ilU.li in lum to Du imlin, lM¿r», ni« Imliu,; lins mimili i, ni),ni ii Itv On niln Id lui llu, «li limlaiit dunlin («ii i oin lil iixiiiniiii.il ...Wiliu su i,jinwi llu nu ipi bau hil lo linn, it was «¿mu I > Mi t limul»« is In willuns who H i illili lin inouï y nuil pani it ovi r lo th« di li miaul, «tim ss uti ivis iniiiuy hy llu di fi n diint'ti ii ni Inn u, wiliuss lilli min in Hu di liiidanl'u shop bil lill still of Munnin ly pi lillipilli} , (?ii/itlis limv also lu pin« lum it ihn« , ii is llu ut.uilNliii.if.ii busiiKHs, at it biluni.« to tin iii I« miaut , (pupn liiinihd lo milli b" j li is hu dun bl I hut is out uf Ila di lind mi's jill) ( is I luss-tMituiiitil Witness is no1 ii j unter, ctiiiiiul kui iir Hint Hu pit pi i is tint ti lulu ii and one , it itppiaiu Ilk« mu of Ih« di li lidunl's pipers j d li udaiil's nttn, li iiIm m k lu llu impimi ni (.ii/i Iii , niiiiidt hud it to lins um , « munt li II w h\ li i» ii ii Io ibis oin [lim wil- lis* nutt emms« I u ii iMiniiinl Hu p ipi r munt mi- mili tv, hut Uti imprint, luiviu.rHit di f« admit'« nunn is I diluí and I'liipni lui, wini b iii« Sydui y Gu/i Iii nu uri ibb bims, «nu bl n »I h« di i in h «¡J ian not mi nu 111111111111111,111,111111111111111, tin (j i/i li ni vin 11 hil b ins Hu di It-mlnut's nunn , m v« i saw otu willi iin ii lu lu« ii «olid linn , «1 d no1 nk Hi Lbainhiis what lu was payni|r |m , lu liiuu.'lil Hil iiiuouut ol ii lull (lint li ul bn ii piuiiuslv furnished, and witui ss ii «« ni d ti, ¡li-i Minimi ii Slmulil iluik Ibu tin d, li miaul is I dibit and I'liipiuloi of ibu (iu/nti , m vir lu aid li mu Iiuiisi II (bat In is so W 0 Wi nliioitb, I si| i \ munni VVitni sikilou» lliut Hi« phuuliff, nu lb« I lib ol Ausübt |H2r», was p-irl 1'iopiitlin of Hu Australian , also Hint lu h id lu i ii of a papi r i nil d Hu States ii in pnpi i, pu nous lo III« ill |IIU lill! I'mtll IjII/IiIIIiI fill II l.lUIN III, I II lill SUIUllf mum v, und that lu emu, nil id tu ibu. Cullin v, ninuii"st illili vu us, ( i «slablisli inolhi i pnpi t . nlh ii Hi Ann /ruinai, vi bull lu has um lui li ii ptiiiiipnllj sin« ( it» « sinlilisiiimiit, and ni tin nun oi tin publii ilion w bulen ( io t. .'nunn«d rimiilif} mis linn, mid iittiuRs ii lu vis, is ii iw Hu I ditui , hi «oiidiiitnl the j iipi i ti « n, and dots so no» I Ins mid tin pi inilifl'sditc. Mr No 11 Of, lo lln it« fi miaul, observed, thnt htfori lu ailvi i u.il pnitii ulai l\ lo 111« stlb|itt uititli r of this ii lion, In. wtsbi ii to iifí i Illa lloMn; to miiiii points «Illili lu < unii tv« otu, and *Ut mon so, tis n mmtliii tis« had hidi dtx iiiissi d on lln pt i nuns du}, on ut ni It Hi« miiiii ¡rriuiuils, th< only ililli n m i lu ino;, thnt, ni llu pi unit « tun , n pi i son piovid, Hint nu ibu 7th of Oilohn, lb.»'), li pine a ed Ibu pnpn Infor« tin Cmnt, nt the ? I« li i ilum's shop lint, on ii r< li rum , it i oti'd hi I mini, thnt (lus nit.niii was connu« ni d on lix '¿f>(h of Aiil'iisI, nuil tin ii fon it «.i.. eli. ii ii could nut have him iii« Iilnl pindiiitd ni Coin!, foi wini h Hu mliun uns hrmifhl, «.rung- Hint it nits brought for a lim I uiliirid to lum lu i u publish, d mi the I lib of August, Minti the only «liri ti pinol uf piihlitaliiin bl fun. ila Cou i tun* u publie iliiiu on the 7th of Otlobn, two muiiHiH alui Hu i munn nenin ni uf llu nilma Ihe min i i vuh mi of | uhlitatum vt luth bud lu i n uililliii d, w is h iiiply, Hint Hi ( hiiniluis tunk tu ii pnpi ? llu ^t/ihuyCaztlti, lb ii K mis li It ni I is Iiuiisi , lull lu i mild um snv thal Hu iii ison who bit Uns pu lintlai pup. i mis n m limit of tin (li li minni, nut i mil I lu spi ak lu Hie pin lu ulai unit, in iiiiivnltl, I u rl lu r, » linn Hint lu sii|i|i .«i ii it i mu ia llu usual i unir Mi. ( bainhiis ni so prond lint lu uns in tilt li ibit ol nu uri nie; u di lit with Hu di li miaul f ii simoun v mid mivxpupeiH, nuil that hi nilli d at i lu, di fi ml mi's shop, and then paul the iiiiinniit ol u lull to Hu »hopman, dru nfiild, windi, nuiotigst otlu.r (Iiiii"s, < ornum» ii thu^c for newspapers. But sup- posi lint Mi ( bamlins imiciiv« d lie had r< inn d all Hu papi-rs ou tin v« rv (lay winn I hey ma pub Itsheil, « veil Hitit would nut liruifr up tin ens« Sup pusi tin plauiiiil hud thoo«,lit pi i p« i to print u pap« r iii mutation of the Gazette, mid dissimulait it' I brit wa» ii illy nu ptool liefurt lu« <\unl ihut Hie paper h Hided ni, as one riceivnl hv Mr. Chambers, «ni eatni out of Hu defendant's oflice A peiso ,, uni a pn it« r, ti shopm in, thinks th« pnpn handed l» lum to lie n0171 tit 1\hy suiily Unit was nu ovílleme of iiliulity ' It wns also in cviiliiui Unit the * nnme lo eu ry piper is-iu.il from Ins ollki mid In, (Air Nor tun,) would siy »n mm li lor thu 1 Jitor, til it lu hint IH hones ty lodoso hut it wns iin. n n. n irk lilli fu t tint Hit pnpn prniliuid I" tun the C mut »us «illiout II n. iIisIiukiiisIimk mirk, niirt tlitn »ns mi i x1 u in« priliilnlily Uni tin wboli might 11 a f it«ri ifioii, nail lint (he iiiil-iiiui ivis not i nu plilt llu wb >li usi n »lui simply on Hu tai t ol' pulib« i tion, uni thin wn« not only prisiuii|ili\i but linn «us als > pisilui pioaf thal du pnpir lind I» foi ei lu I «nut loutit not iuuliiu Hu pupir i nil nnini; tin nllijrid Iilnl, is it «vus pun) nu «1 luiiijt Um Iii« ni turn « rxniiiiiuiiiiil II« «n\itln mon in liniif t> r< l-\ up «n the point, nlsu, lie« msi.iu ivi ix nilli smut irhnil lu i u ib nileil on Hu pr« vmiisil-iy, liy lUr lu« tu s,t 11 u IN, willi llu nil« i\i«pli in Uni n pnp r « is |iur lins lint the ilifuul nits simp ttr » m tutus uflir Ibu u lum ins i uninciii ed II »lioiilil nts i leoliervcd thnt Iii plunttfl ni lins c-i-ic, ) lindinl viiiliiini n ullnnv iniluii isintu ipplu it. hi if lln n'lu li toll m i If, nil lint fir Un m rj li st ins in, tuinubilii i otill in t, lint tin! lid Ins i iso merely upon Hu pipi r ilsulf -nut upon Iticstiilitu ni of Ins Cniinsii It ivis n in itlir of i our-. , in ill « nsLSof li « I, lu ' ill evidcm i lo show Ont tin publican in duis apply to tin pirly «iiin|iliiiiui|; j lint li wm ti nan ty ion mu lifriln lory 11 be lilli «I upon to di i ul«, nu r 1I5 upon llinruwii iioprissiuns tlul n mitti i ,| purdy illcgnru ii, twin hyitlril t iin »n, nppliullo ttuiplim li r fun Vr XV ntworlli« in lil ii »I venture do swear that it (lijiplrrl lo bun, nut it * is fir the lory to consult r will Iin ,r ( ore liny vintimil to rt\i n vrrUit ii|;iinsl tin iii fi'iiitiut, s ! i pim nur«, niiprissiin» li ins iilinittiil tint ink ii ol tin ,1 J-la'iin,nt was pn ft etty inn nut, mid Iii »liuulil pnsi ntly m1 \ jvert to Hist nurtum «f it thal svns lelinl on liy the pltuiliü", I) Tin pliunllu", beiniitmuleil lind vetif uren his else Upon nny tluiii; but evhliiiiii lositppinl it Without nny i vlibiace of pul,lu ilion¡ without proof uf noy iireumst'iiiee itnulibu; liiilillity to Ua ileftiiduil, ivllb'iut a Ullin uf eviililiu in tim iippllcnbillly of tin nllin'iry lu liliundf, willinnl Uki sll(,bliisl iiveiuionl '.lint II m ciisuuii d bim nny «lumige wbnl «vi r, lull tniHllnii «uli ly Hint tin I my ivuuhl ho lui a» n y hy (lui it mouin,; of Mr Wi ntwin til, luilnysii pipir brf'irn Hu in, 1 niHt 1 hj.- Unit tiny would flint it, ns it lind lu cn «lim rllnil, ti («ross libel on Hie plnlntlff Ibu plnintifl wnn will tiwiiro of how i xiiulliiiily um iirlnhi iviislhu iipiiliinbihly of the ilk tjdiy, lu fnit, »i uiiisiloiu wns lu of it, Hut bo iulroihui.1 out count Into the di « liiriillon applying tollu innttor ruin plidniil of, lo n rihtfun ulm I« deceased, mut «viiI li count lu ni nnil.'neil nftir he lind . nui'iiiiniiil his nlion, ficlui); doubt, ful win Hu r lui i nulli foi a, up ni Hu lury Hie titiller Hint Hie pnpur win ii Iilnl upon himself (Hld Ids relation ni Hu: «une liini) "su, h n punition he iieccisnrlty nliniuliniiil, ntul then, ni Hie ilriiiitli hiiiir, lui vontiin- il lo trust llie tnihhilily of llu »my to muk« nulli run for bim m Hil« ni II« I«, -vliuli, la fui, ivis the properly nslui well knuw, of n k« minn ut now m nu ii,iu d whbli Ihn di fi mlinit lint nnlhhifj wlinl« vi r tudu with, illlier It» i.ipy rlifhl or nuy «»thor ivny lim wboleif \\\n n rib lil wns olí« i (insliitml inul pirficlly liiiiocoiit tile ; mid t. rliiilily won!,I hIiiiIii Un jtidi;ufiiit of nny »rusililn luillvl diinl, In fon ho i nulli bl brought to llilnlt Huit 11 np|ilnil soin ly to the pliihillll who nully 'munt, m bin tiixh tv fur the liberty of (lui puss, (o have nulli it lils npiuiuiisliims tonn i xt, nt uni ustnlly ohncrviiblu It ititi plaintiff prnvi ii Hint he liml bun pi (».ullin ii nu I fined far blicl, if he bail iiln-wii thnt bo w11» i liuikriipl, mid tlnl, in fi t, Jn uno ti o pi rsiiti to whom tim min I« lint rifiiciu«, linn would hnvc been some ui«i lo lay lief no it fury i lint, surely the 1 irv would seo lint Im produced evident« of llsnpplititullity lo hfm luforo tiny won lil tsku «mil a Bimi ns lu would ».ty, lind been moil uni tinriliibly mimi of them mil of Hu pmliet of the ih fen ililli 'I Iri/inurrtl litinl li» llu I riHiutiplstv, Indvntnled I rial hy lury Why Hu drfi uilniit I ili.iiirnl liar«) fir the 1 nimm puls s ,,|,|, w Uns bul tun nul of tbo ill feiiiluit ia the Amlrtiliini I llrnlly ii «milli riipnre hut lilllu iii<,uimty lo uni. Ila «lute nrlicli npplv lu tlio di fi nil ml ' IkImhiIiiI Jilliby Inn li Hu Aii'tmhiti Hu.only pnp r lint bul nuj.pt rlnl li i I illili iplnlii or nilvociilid I nul by Jury? In th it Hu mighty ( biiii|ii ni 1 \\\ bo lui» ni r ni r i maulen! ly ml v< « Urti I tu s I vo i|,iml nain linn Uni liefen lint bimi If ' Hu. 1 mun .1 my I pnjeiti 1 the f»rrn opcritnil talli tittil Minor di ' Why ii inriily of persons mted in Ihnttnitlei 'Hu lenriirdf;« till« tii-iu himself, who loiuluclril the mm on Hu pirtofthe pi until) I. ok» iiuiajiieiioii» part in Hint trims ii lu ii Ki lily it ih lo> nilli h for this Vliniled »itpportir of tin Iltur ly « f the-pre««, it is too «muli to it min «n«i of I Ins inline I . ii lu-^r, mid lune Hum llomiilcriii| with nil Hu (,|ir, t i I* nu opinion to shew Hint then is Hu hut ipphrnbilly IO Ila ¡ii until! llu fury should di*iius»*ii | fri in then iimiiln in Hut when ni it » issnul Hint this pinn as i »on ni liberty lud Iel Hu i im li t u r tor n ii holt noun ebel k | nu Hu tit It niblin, to |u, n iii hu. lib« lim/ lum n^nui, j in his aiixulv lui Ilia Illili y ol ibu pris«, s< ni- nia v indi < d ' Hu fury lu mis i uri, all Imppi iii d to know something of the Australian, and to have seen it. They, he was sure, had heard and seen all about the dustman, and the dirty rag. ni »s tiulj ' lind lins « hampton of lilurly « ondit« ml i lunn« If In . u,Jit, tin u would uni lum pn indi d, at ibis «lay, si uni« ti iliiiu i iii id disi itssuui No (irkini lind linn muli grossly libdlid than (lu ii, f, minni, m llial vi t y papi r of wini li Hu pluuilill bad pioml bun ? n If ih« r ililm Hi w men ti tim uti ni ii with t x In i | lion. Hi Hil Nillir«) <) did think it wmi'tl lav. i lu ni only dn mt ni otu , uhopiufnscd lo nthn« nil th« lili« i ty ul (lu pus«, lu har« lift it sotiuulint In ur [ In i, t bun by all .wini; an ai lion io h mir fir i i),'ili i n n.ilis ovi i lU> lind of Hit di find ml, ni mihi tu < nus« u |i( 11 «llial up) n limsinn, slim bl lu Imppi ii lu | ofii ml llu uHu r Iniiraal, b) « xp isiuj; ils iiolhiiii,! «ss, lu wuiild hi subjiiliil lo Hi« pi mil «min ipu un s likily it» i . null lunn that ntuni If tit Ih« «liltuiliiiii wa» no1 to In»vt lu» .ii;uiatioii f« in n ii ni stn li a w11 VÍ, he «tul uni tiki li tnwntd, finn I, fium his dill), bunns« Ibis plnuilifl, in Ins u/,iir I for Hu libnlv of Iii« pris», «bust lu knp mi actiuii f,,i hhi I Ima.ni«; our Ins luid, nuil that wus Hu vny nu unn.l nu < win« li luid mt isinm d Hi« tnsi to b« linn bimi,, lil In foi i Hu ( onrl,uii(l nt a Unit too, w lu ii it wa» kim» ii tint Hu «lift minni wa» «hiirivnt b) di nth ot Hu iissisliinn be niii;bt have du ned fiom llu. tutlluir in his di ft ni « lit »oulil not nuy fat ihn labour u « isi, windi lu up|in lu mil (I, would stan t Iv tvir «nun lu lou llu lurv for Hu dnisimi, lint lu still u ubi no1 lu lp u inn rk tiii,r upon tin in muir in «ibu li dam ipi» »««« tiskut of Hum. It was pullv much lil « Ins liba lu buns« If tin it,lit lo tbiow " Dunlin, n," »ml dirty r«(f r," al »hoitisu« n r lu phiivt d, lo ki ( p tin nun,I of the di It id mt in Min» byllu llu all ul in ni lion hiniriui, ovi i bim, lulu i|l( nab jud(,i of lln di Ii minni'» polilKiiJsins, omi, it lu ii iii lu., muni,hi, Ik »boiil.l olli nil, to lit lill Hu sunni wini li was lo tilt oil hislu ad' ¡bin h was his id« n of lilu i tv, and Ins ibu m d linnet sumir ii pi. Hi moi h nlik« lins pliinltll, with Hu tenlust lui unlily, iiipu lulof Hu liuv to in iii« Hi« casi Hun lilli, lu tiiiiif, itu tin in si lic> lu al« d »iib u ifiinl «fini « f i mil i mp', lo nu ni; nu ti uuullxrul lhui|«s lino, windi linn h ul ii it lu i u ((«illili alldilpt (o pinn, und binnu; tims in d iiionii d lu I Xi iii Hu an;« i, In nsks w bal i mihi ( mi. tnsnti Ihniifji tins' Vii.li lil t lO/'OI) i nu «muli llu iii loi lins* Itut Hi« lurv would mil In ii« Indi «I Hills fbiy mu nut tupul Hu um Ivis in Hu. pinte ol tin phtiiiltfl, but lu luok lilli« « isi is it uns he- lm, iii, ni ifuit mu «lists ni «huh, hy a mer« fu lum of li», «I muíais did n Isi, tim ii ¡«li lion« win pi ovi ii In su« li (lists «Inn piovid, Iiiiiih tv« old pivt Hu vi iv Miuillcit uni,mut uuiily to muk Hun ilisappiobiittnn but v.oulil nut allon Hu planilill lo put sitilt i hum Hilo his pm ki I asto «nahli bun lo mik« n pr fit of a «nu siipp is ihl« injin y With lins« obst u liions lu would havi tin lau willi (hu ( nuil I1h IIoiioi wist «ii lo know « lu (1,ei he ti is io nu d< island it was uluuitid lint Hu ait ion mu coin nu an d til tin Hun s tul, Hu .Tilli ol A ii;, list, as it «as a niall nal p mil Mi Williwin Hi d, dint,I nnv admission, nuil Mr dm uti, (liikiifttu (nut, hi mi, cillul its ti wit. i i ss, stall ii Hi it th' «lit »u insu d on llu '¿r»l li of Ailinn. , III"», th n painui inn it d on Hu Olli of Ott..lui ililli! sun« i u nul Hu pi« u in Apul (Sid Mr W ( Wi i* i went i ii hi nil i ii pin «I The Cuni Jusnii ---" (nnibnien of til Jniy. 1 lies is ni .ielion on the «.isi, in winch (lie p «kihiiii Di. Roben Wini« II st«k« In ii i ovi r «oiiip« us ii ion «i^iuif-t the ilifin fl.'ittt, Mi. Kubill ibnvi, who is .iib¡nd to I «. lln« Editor «uiri Puipint r of tin Sydney fî i/elti, 1 >r coi f uti «li I nu it< ly ohssi v liions, n flictinj; on lies «lim «ut«), publislini in thal .I urn ti, on Ih« II liol A u luve he« ti ino ohp i lions t ikeu to lint «iction, by Mi. Niiilou, on the part ol llie «lefiiulauf, it itnely, fust, li .it time lus mu fu cn stiflieieiit prool of pal» mitton ; anil, see nully, iii ii thue it. im pronl lint the planilifl is tin pel- ion iillutieei m^ii ihe willing-, «Imgtd .!.> lil chuts. Kdtutg on tins defence, he h.is i.illed «i witness lo prove, tlui tin? ne turn wiii oinniciic «I on the 121 of August, iH'ii, winn it ippe.us fiom ide «m tdt net beton you, tint ¡li« only pi «of of public Hum, on (lu* p-tri nf I he pliimlif), is lint of a piipri pin «li is« d .ii the shop of the ii' fen«) mt t ii tin 9,li ol Oi toll! i, in ihe saint year. Hire, then, an two question? rnispil upon the very tlnesliolil of llu. eise, winch 1 hIidiiIiI fiel little «hllieulij in pulling to you as amount in-; to pound foi a iionsu I, hut lint whenevei tluie is nny evidtu« e t . «ru lo a .finj, I «un mme disposed tli.it it should go h«f »it» tliein, than to deride the eise at once upon a mere point of lue. 1 will, theiclure, state io you the evidence which is lirotiiilit forw.n «I in pt mil ol public i tion, us a'so tnat upon which Ihe plaintiff is s ntl to tie lite poison allum «I (oin tin wrttnip;. The birt of publieutinn ih the one on windi the whole ol «ins action mainly depends. The plaintiff, in the «led u.ihon, afin the innil iiidiu etiiint, .ivis thai hi was the pro pi i« toi, in Iin.rl'ed, of j ci rt tin newspipet, called the Statesman . ti» it he aitenv.niL cune mil (o llie country to eslibhsh a eui tun luwspnper, railed the Aushalian, winn the dcfeii Mut, ni «nier to lump; into discredit, pub is|>h] of »nil cone« mine; «mi, ceil.nii libt-l oiib in.itli i eont uiiiil in a mwspiper, called Hie the St/dmtf Guzttli, uluieof the sud «h lo i j mt w.is lild i lui uni l*i opnt lor, on the lilli ol August, 1825. lu m« y «isis tin clay lb not ni Hen ii, pun «led tue triicvniicc li is o« ( (irre I before llie action is « «nnint'iired ; but what is the pionf, is to tim point which his bein uiou the ovílleme o! .limns 'I hempson, who slates tiiat lie puioh.iMit the pap« i puuluced bi fore you, at a public shop where the defendant ventJ3 a m wspaper called the Sydney Ga- ll y* seile, on ihn 7th of October, 1 &£.>,..".ntl which si he endorsed ut ihe time; co thal the publica- mi lion, which in to nialniiv titi» nclion, did not M t«.ki! pince, ¡ib proved hy the evidence of Mr. iii Guriujr, itulil two inoi'ih- lifter llie notion wus c1 commenced ; mid which, cor'itiiily, ¡s no proof ta of direct piibliniiliou on (he day hoi forth in «¡a the deohiriition. We have, then, the évidence li of Mr: Chamber«, thnt be takes in the C Sydney Gazelle; thnt it is generally left at gi his house hy n pei'Hnn wlmin hu believes to be a the servant of tin; dcfeiidnul, and that hero to tun ved th« paper boforti the Cnini, in the, th usuiil w.'iy; but Mr. Chambers cannot say m positively, whether thal particular newspaper «y; wns 'delivered by the defendant's servant, fr whether it vvjis delivered on the. same dny on on which it ben ra elate,.nor thnt he pniil ihe de- pr fcndniit for that identical paper, fintlier Ijian E Unit he has paid hill« generally, in which news- N papers wert! included, lo file, tlefeiidniil's di clerk in his o fit co, ¡vid by his desire, mid from jin lins evidence Ihe fact of piibüc.it-nn íb sought wl lo be. established, und n f-orl of admission in ¡ir ¡mewled to be drawn, llial tim dcl'endn'it wine bl llie Editor of the paper. But it does no1, in ac ¡my way appear, thal thnt piirlictihir paper co was delie oreti on the lilli of Angus! ; li is lid only to he gathered as un inference fruin llie, an tmliinony ol' Mr. Cbiinibeis, lha!, in iii« in usual couv.so, ii wa .4 ti eli Vi red ni los home hi fore the action was commenced. One party nvia'fi, that tlie «I« fenduiit publinlied at a i.ar- ticular liinc ; the other that he. did no1 then publish, and ih s is the point ut issue between tlirni. We have direct proof of publication on til«; 7tti of October, 1825, hut (his is nat the proof which is essential to sunlain au no lion I'uniineiiccil two numil s before. Mr. Cli;uiihtTft lias not specified the time lie re- ceived the paptrr-, but that he received thein in the ordinary canoe, and by a number of inferences which certainly are too much to he drawn from this solitary fact, it is sought lo be «.'KtahJislii'd, Hutt he received if at a par- ticular lime. Greenliold proves the receipt of no.inv, for winch the acknowledgment is given. Hu statc'i that tli« dol'endatit keeps a shop, and that be has mi doubt the paper exhibited tu li,ni, is one of the defendant's papers. But hu will not say (hat the papers ure always issued on the day on which i Ii ey aro dated ; lhere is no evidence I hat the date is cornet, and then; is a reiunrkabh; fad, thal the defendant's name is proved lo be invari- ably atiiiched to lire papers, and that no such nairn, is on the cine before tin; Court, and of itself pr. Hiunptivc proof I but this might not he otu . Gentlemen, I put it lo yon, whether, without any (üreigi proof, you can safely come to the conel union that the paper in evidence; before you, wr.s published l»y lb« defendnnt giving ¡I to his srrvani who carried it lo Mr. Chambers, and delivered it in (he usual course. Why is the law so particular in re- quiring proof of publican ¡n ? Because it is necessary to bring it direct home; to llie dé- fendant, ati«l piii'chtisiiig at a shop is prima furie evidence amongst, others, from wl i.'h the, inference of publica ion n;ay be derived. Gciit.eme.il, 1 must' lieg of yon to discharge from your minds any previous knowledge which your several situations enables you lo possess of the plaintiff and defendant, and to Ituik ¡it (lu: case entirely upon the evidence before yow, and see whether you can iirrive at. the coneliisii'iu of the plaintiff's Counsel, as to ibu applicability ol Hie alleged libel. The next objection t.ikcn by the: defendant's Counsel is, that there is tin proof of the inuetidoi's applying tu the plaintiff. Mr. Wentworth lias proved, thal Dr. Wardell was proprietär ol' a newspaper called the States- man, in England, winch he afterwards dis- posed of and emigrated lo this Colony, to ies tab'ish tin; Australian, as the plaintiff avers in his duclurutinit, but without ini'iitioniiijr any specific lime. Now, the part of (he paper, which is particulary incorporatud in ihe déclaration, is this. " I am the natural son of a personage who once moved in the epiality of a Statesman, bul win», like myself, was betrayed by false friendships, ami deluded into taking lb« wrong sid«: of the question ; (he. cons« queue«; was that he gol disgraced, discarded, and be tooV himself iuln the obscurity of a C nut ¡n I? _"-«. street, London, where he lin- gered a few weeks, and at length gave up the ghost. This, perhaps, might have been accé- léra I eel by llie introduction into s-niu of his works of dul'aiiiiiii'iii of rert.-iiu ch.-irac'.ers, fir which my sire was prosecuted and fined. Ill nutiirced reoo-tB have gone so far as to say that bed ti not leave.cffeelssufficient t> | ¡ty his debts ; but the««: were malicious and false; there was certainly something-due to llie S-office, which, I believe, was pad out of his slock in Iradi'." Now, it is ¡«chili I led., thal this is an allegori- cal argument throughout, and what proof have \vu to j oin! it at Ihe plaintiff? From Ihe evidence ol' Mr. Wen!worth, it. appears that Dr. Wardell was the proprietor of ¡i newspaper, calle! the Statesman, and is now tilt; proprietor of a newspaper called llu: d Australian, but is that rompióte 'proof that lins arl ele means Dr. Wardell, and uebody but him? There might bo, for aught that J appears, other papers in England, called y the Statesman, and there certainly should have been some d re.ct proof that this allegory, as y it'is admitted to be, points at the phe.nufT; el some w i messes might have been called to say so, ¡ti place of which we have nothing but a mere general avermeiil. It does not folio'.«.', as a necessary consequence, thal the article alludes (o ibis particular Statesman, or this particular Australian. Some evidence should have heen brought forward to support that averment; instead of which we ."re left I« collect it from mare statement ; and, discard« ing ever i' previous knowledge from our niiud.4, can we, lliett say ii does allude to the plaintiff, and to no olliei ? (icuile.me.ii, I leave it lo you to say whether you can safely arrivent the cunculsinn, from the innre statement of C.iunse1, Mint .t does so app'y; observing lliut t» I «lo think there might have neem sonn: inure «lir«:ct proof than n mere declaration that it docs so. As to the avéraient (hat (In; S ..-. . ofiieo means Stamp office, why, ii might menu Sheriff's office, for what we know. The in j colloquium here is necessary to .sustain Ihe: L"<: action, instead of which we have nothing 1 ; beyond tim mere statement of IVir. Weiit di wovth ; and can we, from that siatetneiit, i" safely come to the: conclusion that this States «4 mun means the' plaintiff, and no olhtr per- re sou ? GeutaC.mt.il, I put the 'case to you, for nt J your consideration, willi this very strong '«-1 eloubt as to the: dunn of proof. I should still ii el some difiic illy ¡ti directing a non- suit, n Jury being judges of circumstance«. With nspect to (lie m ris of th«. ár¿icV» liiere is allegation llutl fe defeiuluut has churo rd Ihe plaintiff with chu«; .mil, cer- tainly, I am not (ire nrml lo admit, that to say of ¡i gentleman, publishing«- newspaper in England, and a fier tv ¡ml s «anning out lo ibis Colony, lhat In: has gonn to ruin, wus elis grneed, and discarded al home, would not hu a ¡¡bil ;btit then I think it would be loo much to put a li bel bum acceptation on that part of tim ¡r.tifio without proving some speciul da mag«', CiiiUemeii, the case is entirely willi you, to «ay, whether you can collect .-ill this from what is admit ted lo b.- an allegory, the only proof of its npplicat.on being, thnt ii paper, called the Statesman, war. published in E iglaud, and a paper culled ibu Australian in, Now South Wales. I again caution you to discharge, any previous knowledge of the part «:« from your« mouin, and to determine whelh»'!', from the evidtiiep: before you, you are snloeiíed that tin» publication look piucu be'ore llu: 25ih of August, the tillie when lins' aclio i was coiriyiouco'l : whether you can come to the conclusion that the- plaintiff, and no other person is alluded m in the iiisliuineii!, ¡uni whether it has the conséquences eksenbed in Ih« dccJniaiii.n ? The Jury consulted for about twenty mi n-.il«;s, and return''.! ¡> verdict for the plaintiff, damages one shilling, and each parly to pay theil own ex pen ros. Tin: delivery of the ve el ct created coniii elerahlts men ¡meut in the auditor«, who were rather numerous. -. » » In the «.-ano Short!, v. Kerry, a verdict wa». yesterday given in favour of the defendant. 