Shipping Intelligence. On Sunday last arrived, from New Zea- land, the brig Elizabeth, Captain Wiseman. Landing, 30 tons of flax. Same day arrived, from Port Raffles, Mel- ville Island, King George's Sound, and Western Port, the Government brig Amity. On Monday last arrived, from Port Dal- rymple, the schooner Madeira Packet. Lading, 3500 bushels of wheat, 50 bushels of barley, and 20 bales of wool. On Sunday last sailed, for Hobart Town, the schooner Prince of Denmark. Yesterday morning sailed, for Hobart Town, and ultimately for England, the ship Lang, Captain Lusk, with a cargo of valuable sundries. Passenger, John Lord, Esq (who has purchased the valuable premises and extensive business of Mr. Bethune, of Hobart Town,) with his lady and family, Mr. and Mrs. Dud- geon, Mr. and Mrs. Simmonds, and several others. NAUTICAL INFORMATION.—The ship Marquis of Lansdowne, ROBERT NOYES, Master, in June last, in company with His Majesty's ship Success, and brigs Amity and Caledonia, took the inner passage through Torres Straits, and on the 8th of that month touched on a shoal not laid down in any charts extant. Bearings of the shoal then named Lansdown's Shoal :" ---Cape Direction, West ; Sandy Island, S.E.. A rock, to the South- ward of Cape Direction, bore S. S. W. Dis- tance, 3 or 4 miles from the Cape. Seven feet at low water on the shoalest part ; and 2 cables' length off it, 11 fathoms. IN the absence of that " COLLECTIVE WISDOM," of which Australia cannot yet make her boast, we must refrain from offering our views, upon the subject of the emigration of mechanics, because we have so often delivered our sentiments on such topics ; and therefore, on this occasion, when the Body of Magistracy is called upon to interest itself in so important an undertaking, we shall content ourselves with patiently awaiting the deliberations of those Committees which, it is to be presumed as well as hoped, will not fail to assemble in compliance with the intimation that has been published from eight of the Sydney Justices of the Peace. We are of opinion that the whole affair may be resolved into one of great simplicity ; namely, the Colonist should make his application to the Government for the ser- vices of a free mechanic, and agree to pay the stipulated sum ; whilst, on the other hand, the Government should be bound to deliver over the mechanic, upon the terms agreed on, upon his arrival. We have been given to under- stand, however, that the time allotted, namely, the 4th of October, for the preparation of re- ports, is too limited, it being a matter of such importance as to require more mature consi- deration than the brevity of the period will allow. We would propose that the term be extended, at least, a week longer, by which time some eligible plan may be produced to the Court of Magistracy, which the Gentle- men of the Bench will have no hesitation in transmitting to the Colonial Authorities for approval. Since we penned the above, the Govern- ment Notice that appears in our front page, has been forwarded for insertion, to which is subjoined a copy of the Circular with which the Magistrates were honored by the Govern- ment on the subject, and we must be bold to confess, had there been as much explicability interwoven in that which has already been rendered public, we should have been able to have offered some of our best thoughts upon the subject, but as it is time will not admit, on which account alone we defer commenting at present, though we cannot do less than lament that so much obscurity should have occurred, when, looking at the Circu'ar from the Colo- nial Office, all seems as clear as the meridian sun. We have little hesitation in saying, that the important class of Colonists, for whose welfare and prosperity His EXCELLENCY originated the design, and doubtless intended the promul- gation of this document, will at once he able to comprehend the subject,. and offer their opinions with as little delay as possible. UPON perusing our very brief report of the proceedings in the Supreme, Court, on Monday last, it will be seen that a most alarming and direct attack was made upon Mr. GELLIBRAND, a perfect stranger in the Colony. When this Gentleman was filling the very important situation of Attorney Ge- neral, in the sister Colony, it became his po- licy to clash with the local Government, and, on that occasion, we became opposed to him. Subsequently we understood that he became the Editor of the Tasmanian, a Newspaper conducted upon what is termed liberal prin- ciples, and we found ourselves placed pre- cisely in similar circumstances as when he was Attorney General—on various points of po- licy we thought proper to differ from Mr. GELLIBRAND but, being entirely strangers to that Gentleman, it was quite unlikely that any thing bordering on personality could pos- sibly be mixed up in those strictures, which, in our judgment, we might think it expedient to offer. Our opposition was, and always has been, wherein public characters were con- cerned, purely of a political nature ; and it is on this account, and under such an influence, that we feel perfectly justified in thus volun- tarily and disinterestedly stepping forward to advocate the cause of Mr. GELLIBRAND ; and we shall always feel pleasure in interposing our powerful aid to rescue the character of the stranger from being unnecessarily and wan- tonly blasted. Every one, indeed the whole Colony, must be acqainted with our reiterated predelictions in favour of Mr. WENTWORTH'S professional talents ; consequently, all must be equally satisfied it is not from personal con- sideration that we feel induced thus publicly to call in question the propriety, the expe- diency, or the decency of Mr. WENTWORTH'S attack upon Mr. GELLIBRAND. Before a charge is preferred against an individual it certainly is indispensable that the accuser should be armed with sufficient information to substantiate something in the shape of the appearance of justice ; and it is the custom of Englishmen not to attack a man unexpectedly, and take him off his guard, but to render him so acquainted with the nature of the accusa- tion, as to put the accused within the possibility of defending himself. The infliction of the wound of the serpent is but momentary, though it is in- evitably attended with deadly effects ; and an accusation maybe made, on the spur of the moment, from which the accused may not be enabled to relieve himself ; but, on the con- trary, perpetually labour, in the minds of those who will not be at the trouble of examin- ing each side of the question, under the mor- tal thrust of his adversary. We will not say that this has any relevancy to either or both of the Gentlemen to whom we are now alluding, but it will be universally admitted, that the principle is of extensive application. Mr. WENTWORTH, as a lawyer, ought to have recollected that he should have been well prepared to substantiate the very serious charge which he preferred against a fellow Counsel ; and not, in our humble opinion, have ventured to obtrude himself on the notice of the Supreme Court, upon secondary evidence, hearsay testimony, and that from a man who is not in existence, to prove his assertions. Mr. WENTWORTH states that Mr. GELLI- BRAND is not admissible to practice in the Supreme Court, because he happened to pur- chase sundry goods of one Captain Ostler, and paid for the same by drawing a bill upon an individual in England, who had been dead for six years ! Mr. GELLIBRAND, though taken entirely off his guard, and quite unprepared for such an attack, immediately repels the ac- cusation, though, at the same time, he so far acknowledges the representation, as to admit a certain purchase of Captain Ostler, but that he was prepared to prove the said goods were paid for by a checque on the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, which checque was duly ho- nored ! With all our respect for the legal attainments of Mr. WENTWORTH, we must beg to enquire, did any one ever hear of so singular a charge as this—one raised to the prejudice of a Gentleman, against whom, however we may have differed in politics, we have never heard any thing dishonorable. In what a dreadful condition would Society be placed, were the living to have their charac- ters blasted, and their prospects ruined, by the alleged assertions of the dead : we say al- leged, because who is to prove that Captain Ostler advanced such things; and even if he did, who would venture to assert that what Captain Ostler stated was correct? We have no wish to deny the assertion, in this respect, of Mr. WENTWORTH, because we are in- competent to the task ; but we should be glad to know, whether Captain Ostler was such a character as to admit of his declarations being received as a matter of fact ? What ! a man that was known to be concerned in smuggling— a man that had disgraced the maritime service, even in this Colony, by attempting to evade the duties—are the assertions of such an in- dividual to be received as evidence sufficient to condemn a Gentleman like Mr. GELLI- BRAND, who has never been before, to our knowledge, publicly impeached of any dis- honorable transaction ? Captain Ostler might have been at variance with Mr. GELLI- BRAND, and he might, on that account, as is too commonly the case in our Society, try to effect the ruin of his reputation ; but such is not a sufficient ground, in our estimation, for the expansive talents of Mr. WENTWORTH to be employed to accomplish that which we are certain will remain uneffected. All the world is pretty well acquainted that there is no friendship existing in the breasts of Mr. WENTWORTH and Dr. WARDELL to- wards the ex-Attorney General of Van Die- men's Land ; since it is well known that the Australian was never by any means sparing in a severity of animadversion re- lative to Mr. Gellibrand ; and we are not ig- norant of the fact, that this coolness, we will not say animosity, originated, when Mr. Went- worth and Dr. Wardell were sojourning in the sister Colony, on their way to this enchanting land. We are decidedly of opinion, and are satisfied that our Readers will come to the same conclusion, that Mr. Wentworth, to say the least, was extremely premature in this at- tack ; and, whatever might be the motives that prompted so unexpected a charge, we cannot altogether divest ourselves of the sup- position that there is no very great ambition on the part of some of the Gentlemen of the long robe, to witness Mr. Gellibrand becom- ing an ornamental and useful accession to the Australian Bar. We think that profit and loss is some way or other mixed up in the mat- ter but, as we have little doubt of Mr. Gel- librand's ultimate success, the victory will be the more complete on his part—though we would much rather that our learned friend, of the Australian, had mooted this question, since he would have been quite at home ; and no doubt, have given loose to those flights of eloquence which have lately been significantly wound up by period that would have re- flected honour upon Billingsgate. We only hope, for the honour of humanity, that no se- cond party will, on some future day, arise to judgment, and accuse Mr. Wentworth or any other Gentleman of the Bar, upon the ipso dixit of a dead man, of having committed crimes that would lessen them in the public estimation. For our own parts, we shall re- joice to see Mr. Gellibrand become an Aus- tralian Colonist ; inasmuch as we are of opi- nion, that the Bar needs an equipoise, which one or two like Mr. Gellibrand would as- suredly impart to it. By way of closing the above remarks, we have much pleasure in stating, that the affair came before Their Honors of the Supreme Court, yesterday morning. Mr. Wentworth put in his affidavit, which was entirely of a hearsay complexion ; and Mr. Gellibrand an- swered the same, by affidavit, in the most full, explicit, and honorable manner. The CHIEF JUSTICE, in giving Mr. Wentworth credit for bringing the question before the Court, at the same time congratulated Mr. Gellibrand on the handsome and successful way in which the charge had been rebutted, and His Honor therefore had much pleasure in admitting Mr. Gellibrand a Member of the Bar ; in which sentiment the CHIEF JUSTICE was unequivocally supported by His Honor Judge STEPHEN ; and thus the affair ended. It had nearly escaped us to notice the very striking feature in Mr. Wentworth's affidavit, namely, that the Learned Gentle- man makes no mention whatever of dates, of any of the parties' names whom he states were present at the conversation when this, as it now clearly appears, unjust and un- founded statement was made ; nor has he done that which common charity should have dictated he ought to have been able to do before he ventured on so public an attack, that is, sworn to even his own belief in the truth of what had been related to him by Captain Ostler ! who it should not be for- gotten IS NOW DEAD ! The more we reflect on his transaction, in whatever way we attempt to view it, we cannot but regret that William Charles Wentworth, the favorite Barrister of the People, should have been the man to stand up in the Supreme Court, and, on so slender a foundation, bring forward so serious a charge against one, who to the name of a gentleman, added that of a stranger to entitle him to those rights of hospitality which, we trust, with every other truly Brit- tish feeling, will take root, and flourish in Australia. Since the matter has been decided on by the Judges of the Supreme Court, and the unequivocal denial of Mr. Gellibrand has been made known, we have heard it chari- tably assessed, that " it must have been Mr. Gellibrand, senior, to whom Captain Ostler alluded, and that Mr. Wentworth was led into a mistake ! ! !" This, however, we say, cannot be the case ; because, Mr. Gellibrand distinctly acknowleges the purchase, and the amount alluded to. Thus, then, this fabric falls. What will come next ! In the last Australian, the Editor was quite witty upon the subject of a contemplated Government loan, which seems to have been recommended by some ABC denarian or other. " The idea of a loan, (says the inge- nious Doctor) is good enough ! The thought of a Government loan is exceedingly happy, seeing the Government are so very ready on all occasions to give assistance to the trading community ; and seeing also that the Treasury chest is so well furnished with cash !" But, whilst the Doctor was cracking his jokes, it never occurred to his learned recollection, that, somewhere about eighteen or twenty months ago, the very Government, which he now scoundrelly affected to be despised, came forth with a very adequate loan, in aid of the Bank of New South Wales, by which act alone, the Country was extricated from abso- lute insolvency. No, no ; the Doctor cannot think of admitting the present Government has been guilty of even one liberal action, though there was a time when he lauded every public measure to the heavens. But now those times are past, since " the Treasury chest is so well furnished with cash !" Ah, Doctor ! The Treasury chest might as well be bereft of its last copper, let it be ever so costly filled, as for you to hope of fingering a farthing of its contents. One of our contemporaries — we will not presume to say which, as we have no desire to come in contact with any " scoundrel"that breathes — lately invidiously stated, that both the Banks together had not above £8,000 in specie, whereas the Bank of New South Wales alone had, at the time, independent of specie to a large amount, immediate drafts in the chests to the amount of £13,000 ! We wish people would have a little more regard for truth, since they are not aware of the ex- tent of injury to which those evil and mali- cious reports might lead, were it not that we are ever on the alert to detect and expose falsehood, and render the authors increasingly contemptible. There's nothing like "grap- pling with the scoundrel ! ! !" In our last, we offered a few remarks on the law of libel, as far as it regarded private cha- racter, and we endeavoured to shew that the detection and exposure of vicious conduct in individuals, could, not in point of equity, be considered as deserving of punishment. We at the same time, however, stated our convic- tion, that the case was widely different where libels were committed upon the Government, or even on any of its Members, where such libels have a tendency to bring the Government it- self into contempt ; for, if obedience to the civil power be a merit at all, any thing which has a tendency to subvert the good order of so- ciety, is in itself criminal and deserving of punishment. Hence the law very justly re- cognizes as libell us all writings published with intent, and having a tendency to revile, or ridicule, or degrade the Christian Religion, the Holy Scriptures, the Established Church, or any of its rites, the King and his Govern- ment, the Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, the Magistrates, etc. So that, when there is an obvious tendency to vilify either, and a malicious intent to produce such effect, that is held to be libellous ; and by the 60th Geo. III. sec. 4. persons fouud guilty asecond time of printing or publishing blasphemous, or seditious libels, are liable to be banished from all parts of his Majesty's dominions, for any term of years the Court shall think fit, besides being subject to the same punishment as may, by law, be inflicted in cases of high misde- meanor. However severe the law may ap- pear to be in cases of this description, it does not at all interfere with temperate and free discussion ; for, in agitating abstract or even practical questions of Government, where truth is the real and honest object of the writer, the law does not interfere. Lord Ellenborough, in a prosecution for a libel on the King, expresses himself clearly on this subject. He says, '* The information treats this as a libel on the person of his Majesty, and his personal administration of the Govern- ment of the Country. But there may be error in ihe present system without any vicious mo- tives, and with the greatest virtues on the par of the reigning Sovereign. He may be mis- led by the Ministers he employs, and a change of system may be desirable from the.r faults. He may himself, notwithstanding the utmost solicitude for the happiness of his people, take an erroneous view of some great question of policy, either foreign or don estie. I know but of one Being to whom error may not be imputed. If a person, who admits the wisdom and the virtues of his Majesty, laments that, in the exercise of these, he has taken an un- fortunate and erroneous view of the interests of his dominions, I am not prepared to say that this tends to degrade his Majesty, or to alienate the affections if his subjects. I am not prepared to say that this is libellous -but it must be with perfect decency and respect, and without any imputation of bad motivos." From all this it is obvious, that the law doe i not bear oppressively upon pub- lic writers, but that, on the contrary, as much latitude is given to public discussion as is ne- cessary for the ends of truth. Keeping this in view, therefore, the imperative necessity of correcting the abuses of the public press by prosecution for such abuses, when they cannot fail to produce improper impressions on the public mind, will at on e appear requisite to every person of ordinary candour. Had the object of certain writers, who have to answer for their sins at the bar of the Supreme Court, been that of calm and deliberate discussion in order to arrive at truth, we would not have seen libel cases floating in every diroction ; and the authors of which, had they reflect, d on the tendency of t eir malicious and inflam- matory remarks, would not have had the temerity, had their principles been tinctured with honesty, to attempt the diffusion of prin- ciples calculated to bring the Government into contempt. This Colony, which at best is but an extensive prison, enjoys what no other depen- dency of the British Crown is privileged with to the same extent—the liberty of the Press. In the midst of a population composed chiefly of the dregs of the Mother Country, and who are also in a state of bondage, it was scarcely to have been expected that the same freedom of discussion, which is tolerated in England, would have been allowed among them ; and had those men, whose noisy pretensions to independence have disgusted the considerate and judicious, been actuated by a real desire to benefit the land we live in, they would have shaped for themselves a different course from that which they have pursued, and in place of attempting to create a faction amongst the degraded of our species, by a pretended anxiety for their welfare, they would, if they really had had any cause for supposing that grievances ex isted, have preferred their statements with a spirit of candour and a due regard to truth ; and in acting upon this principle, they would have manifested io the Government hat they were fully sensible of the value of the great indulgence they were suffered to enjoy in the liberty of dispassionate discus- sion. They, however, have acted upon dif- ferent principles ; and, as if resolutely bent upon destroying the liberty of the press, abuse has been heaped upon abuse, and falsehood upon falsehood, whilst every encou- ragement has been given, through the me- dium ot a licentious press, to those whose crimes have subjected them to the penalties of the law, and who are ever ready for re- volt. If our Sydney libellers had studied the- duty of civil obedience-or if they had had any real pretensions to Christia nity, theirs would have been a different course. They would have considered (hat the sacred volume itself says, " Let every soul be subject to the higher powers ; for there is no power but of God ; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever, therefore, resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God." &c.; &c.; &c.; And again : " Submit yourselves to every ordi- nance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the King as supreme; or unto Governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evil doers, and for the praise of them that do well. For so is the will of God that with well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of fool- ish men : as free and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the ser- vants of God." But supposing that we had no authority save that of history to point out the pernicious effects resulting from the inflammatory writings of the disaffected, that itself would be sufficient to deter any sober-minded man from the adoption of a si- milar course. Detraction and ribaldry may inflame the ignorant to acts of violence, but they can never be serviceable to thé cause of truth ; o that wherever either is practised the intention cannot be misunderstood : it is a conspiracy against the public tranquil- lity, consequently the conduct of the offen- der calls loudly for punishment. We are not to be told that the vile calumnies and abominations of the press constitute free discussion. Let no man imagine that he is serving the cause of useful freedom of di» cussi »ii y hhi lding Irom pun slimenl ti.at ^eunility which is sepai.it bioail and palp.hie line, i ot to be coufoun dei by all the ellbr'.s of interenled writ«rs wlv would abuse the valuable immunities of the' press to the wretched purposes of venai detraction, and a lucrative pandering to the morbid taste of the Public. The question is not whether the law has prescnbed a severe punishment, but whether the wretch, who urns a beggary subsistence- by detracting from the character of the Government, and by attempting to inflame the public mind, should be allowed to go unmolested in his vile career; or whether, f.r the sake of public peace, he should be handed over to the strong arm of the law ? There can be no difficult in solving tl)L question, for surely tlie hap- piness of the whole is not to be sacri- ficed for writers,who earn their bnad by calumny and reproach, iitither of *vhich aiv necessary for discussion. The public libeller should be therefore hunted down as a pest to society—as a constant conspirator against the public peace. Our Readers will be pleased in observing that our pages continue to teem with the LATrsT ENGLISH NEWS, from the most re- cent London Journals in the Colony, for which we are greatly indebted to the extreme politeness of Colonel LINDSAY, who bids fair to secure the esteem of the inhabitants of this " Great South Land." By a Gentleman on board the Pandora, we have been informed that the Slaney was under orders to revisit thi-. port, and had actually unmoored, the night previously to the morning on which she was recalled by the Admiral, in favour of the Pandora The Pandora will remain on this station, till the first of March, when she is to be re- lieved by His Majesty's ship Success, Captain Stirling. The Medway, Captain Wight, is expected every day from Hobart Town. The following is the manifest of the cargo of . that vessel, which may be relied on for its a. curacy : Four tasks, 3 cases, 3 boxes matted, marked apothecary, consigned to Captain Wight ; 5 cases merchandize, Jamos Roberts; 4 bales slops, R. C. Pmchett ; 7 puncheons rum, 2 do. Geneva, P. De Mestrc ; J 5 packages iron work, 1 bag rivets, 4 bundles hoops, IG bars iron, 2 bolts do. Win. Archer ; 3 * cases, 2 boxes, S cases, 1 bale, 5 cases, 1 ditto, 1 crate, 1 case, 4 casks, 6 crates, 1 cask, 9 cases 2 casks, 3 cases, 1 pipe, 4 '. casks, 2 cases merchandize, Joseph Jennings ; 3 casks hams, A. B. Spark ; Ino hogsheads porter W. A. Bethune ; 9 > kegs pa ut, 4 sheets lead, Capt. Wight ; 3 casks seeds, Bethune and Grant ; lease, 1 cask, Captain Stewart; 4 boxes, 1 cask, 1 box, 4 casks, 2 ditto, 1 box merchan- dize Widowson and Co. 2 boxes, 1 case, Mrs. Thomas ; 1 case, Cap ain Wood ; 1 box app:i rel, James Hennie; 1 trunk ditto, as ad- dressed ; 1 bale s ops, John Bayles ; 7 boxes mer. handize, order ; 5 bales, casks, and cases merchandize, 6 c ses and trunks ditto, George Turnley; ten crates crockery, Kemp and o ; 2 crates earthenware, Major Grey ; 30 rasks bottled beer, 2 cases hats, order ; 1 bov seeds, D. Horne; 1 cask sundries, H. W. Mortimer; I cafe, II. Hopkins; 1 ditto, J. H. Broughton; 6 cases, crate, case, and | bale, 2 iron b ams, 3 bundles spades, 20 ¡ ditto iron, G. Meredith ; 1 case merchan | dize, 1 paper parcel, G. Turnley ; fit) boxes j soap, A. B. Spark; 1 bale slops, John I Bayles; I crate, 6 cases, 4 «heels, 1 pole and shafts, 1 phaeton body, 2 axletrees, Ma- jor Gray; 1 case, .1. Ross ; 1 ditto,, J. Scott; 20 casks stout, 100 boxes soap, 2 bales canvas and twine, Rapsey and Co. 1 case, 2 era es merchandize, order ; 2 cases, George Bunn ; 1 chain, 100 fathoms rigging, 2 anchors, Jones and Walker; 2 pipes, si ditto, order; 1 case merchandize, J. Jen- nings; *26 pipes, 12 hhds 16 pases wine, order ; 17 puncheons gin, 20 ditto rum, order ; four trunks personal baggage, order ; 31 bales, 80 cases, 7 trunks, 5 casks, 1 crate, 2 bundles merchandize, order; lOO hhds. brown »tout, 60) deals, liW)casks port wine, It 0 tons salt, 36 puncheons rum, 7 hhds. Ge nera, 40 casks- bottled stout, 7 cask« Cham paigne, 4 puncheons brandy, Ô.I4 bars iron, 271 bolts ditto, 671 rods ditto, 40 bundles iron hoops, 34 ditto plate iron, 1 > chain ca- bles and hawsers to fit, 11 anchors, 2 bales slops, 4 crates, ,20) bsirwls Irish por», 30 hhds. vinegar, 26 firkins lard, 110 ditto but- ter, 7 ditto cheese, 24 rolls Brazil tobacco, 2 cases, Capt. Wight. , The subscriptions, towards the Monuments, i in memory of His Royal Highness the late DUKE of YORK, will continue open at each ' of the Banks, until the departure of the Eli- ' zabeth for England. We intend publishing the names i,f Subscribers up to that period, as will be seen on looking into our front page. We are authorised to contradict the state- ment, which was made in the Australian, that the Bona Vista « as not allowed to land her j cargo of flour at the Cape, without previously paying á high duty. The party pr.ncipally I concerned declares* this to be false, and that the report is made with the sole view of affect- I ing his interest, as the Bona Vista is daily expected with a cargo of tobacco. Dixon and Mackie's ale, about which we have been so long talking, and for which we have so often ardently thirsted, is now under- going fermentation, and will positively be brewed into existence, somewhere about the end of October, or beginning of November. Bolivar has lately invested considerable property in the English funds, with which, it is said, he intends to purchase landed estates, and finally to settle as an English country gentleman. AH lhat space extending from Sloane-street to the Green Park is now nearly covered with buildings of ther most elegant and even su ' pet'b kind. Belgrave-squarc is the principal feature, and will be life .grandest square in London, and Baton-square, which is forming' on each side of the King's road, will be the largest, being nearly a mile in length. The Monitor says, " the Botanical Gar- dens in the Government Domain are occa- sionally locked, and, on demanding admit- tance you are informed that none but mili- tary officers are allowed the privilege of per- ambulating therein. " We are not aware that the Botanic Gardens were ever intended to be a public promenade, but this we know, that the utmost attention has been paid by Mr. Fraser to visitants, whether civil or mi- litary. But it happens, that on Sundays, immense numbers of individuals flock to these gardens, so much so that the whole 0f Mr. Fraser's time has been occupied in at- tending to them. Last Sunday, however, the gates were shut for the first time, on all visitors, whether civil or militarv, and this practice «wll be continued in future on the Sabbath, as the workmen are on these days absent, and frequent depredations have been committed on the shrubs and fruit, for which Mr. Fraser is responsible. Be- sides, it is not to be expected that the Co- lonial Botanist is to be the only individual in the Colony who is to be depived of the Sabbuah as a day of rest, merely hecause Mr. Monitor Hall, chooses to give himself airs and find fault. We are given to understand, though we are not prepared to vouch for the truth of the re. port, that the Gleaner will unfortunately give up the ghost, OB Saturday next. For'the sake' of the Editor's veiy large family, every bene, volent mind will deplore this circumstance ; though we have always been of opinion that the returns were never adequate to the ex- pense of the undertaking. By the Amity we leam, that the expedition destined for Port Essington, hud t ken pos. -essioii of a bay -.djoimug tnat place, on the . lay of the anniversary of Waterloo under a Royal salute. The British flag w,>s hoisted, and the place was called F.irt Wellington. The Mary Elizabeth, which haden hoard the i nipl-ments «if agriculture, had not arrived when the Amtnty left, hu »he was seen mak>ug for T"ne<' Straits, so that there can be no doubt of her safe .irr «a . Mr. CUMMINGS, of the Sydney Hotel, ¡j a man that sticks at nothing. He is the most operative, enterprising, spirited fellow, in his profession, that we ever saw ;. and, in deed, we very much question whether London itself can produce a more ambitious mind, The truth is, Mr. C. ha- a great desire la " ADVANCE AUSTRALIA," and with this view, as his present residence is infinitely too contracted for his daring mind, and not at all calculated for the present state < four Society, he has engaged that tremendous and majestic pile of buildings in Macqnarie-place, the pro- perty and preseiit residence of Mr. S. Lo nu. This edifice, from the number of apartments, the eligibility of situation, the command of the water, and all the varied etceteras that can render life enchanting, is most admirably suited for a Tavern upon a truly John Bull magnificent style. But Mr. Cummings, on the 1st of January next, intends opening thi» huge structure as a Coffee-bouse-a Tavern and a Hotel ! Then, too, there wi.l not I» only proper juites of chambers, and an el«. gant dining-room or two, but Gentlemen and families are absolutely threatened with suite» to attend them. The cellars, too, aro io to supplied with the choicest and most generous wines. Coach-houses, stabling, and even shower baths are contemplated, and will bo forth, omiiig. Ne are satisfied the Public will heartily rejoice at this princely under- taking of Mr. Cummings, and we hope that the next Anniversary Dinn'r will be held in \ his new Tavern, when we shall have a spe | cimen of what constitutes an enterprising ! man; for, of all Colonists, such an one as >lr. | Cummings richly merits the most enlarged and liberal support that Australia can impart, Baron Dupin, a man of the most correct thinking of the present day, has lately pub- lished an intellectual map of France. The 80 departments are shaded light or dark accord- ing to the degree of ignorance in each. It appears from it that the northern province send three times the number of children to school in proportion to the population, that the southern or warmer ones do, and in an equal degree does the intelligence of the one exceed that of the other. How justly Mr. Canning estimated the value of the South American States to the commerce of England, already appears by the fact, that the British exports to them alone far exceeded, last year, those to the whole of the United States. . How far mistaken the Emperor of Austria was, when he lately said to the professors ol the University of'Laybach, that he wanted no scholars in his dominions, at pears from this, that the revenue of a state has been re- gulated in all periods of the world by the in- telligence of its people. On Monday morning last, John Goff, Wil- liam Moore, and Edward Watson, suffered the awful sentence of the law, for the murder of Corporal Wilson, of the 59th Regiment of foot. A few minutes past 9 o'clock, the un- happy men were led from the condemned cell into the execution yard, to which Moore and Watson were accompanied by the Rev. Mr, Cowper and Mr. Hyndes, and Goff by the Rev. Mr. Therry. Goff immediately knelt down and kissed his coffin ; he then arose, and with a prayer-book in his hand, joined in fer- vent devotion, frequently sighing as if in re- gret for his past errors. The other two un- fortunate men received every attention and assistance from Mr. Cowper, in supplicating the mercy of the Almighty Judge before whose tribunal they were about to appear. About half-past nine they ascended the drop, where they again knelt and engaged in prayer for a few minutes. Goff, shortly addressed the spectators, and acknowledged the justice of his sentence. He implored those who heard him to take warning of his fate, and he thanked the Almighty that he had then to suffer, as time had been allowed him for repentance, and he trusted that he had made his peace with God. He spoke in a firm and distinct tone of voice, and kissed the rope by which he was to be suspended. During the short pe- riod which was spent in prayer upon the scaf- fold, Goff reclined his head upon the shoulder of the Rev. Father Therry. The unhappy cul- prits, after every thing had been adjusted, embraced each other, and then took their stations to await their fate. Goff, during the whole time, was uttering his supplications to Heaven for mercy ; in the midst of which the drop fell, and, in a few seconds, the unfor- tunate men ceased to exist. 