NEW SOUTH WALES.-No. 11. 'The questions of the extension of Juries and a House of representatives to this Colony still continue to form the prominent topics of political discussion here. With respect to the first, if intended to totally exclude, or universally include, individuals originally prisoners, who have become free by servitude or emancipation, but qualified by proper- ty to become jurors, nothing could be more unjust on the one hand, or impolitic on the other. A very considerable portion of those who have emerged from that state now constitute by far the largest portion of the enterprizing and industrious part of our population ; all the distilleries, breweries, and most of the useful Colonial manufactories being owned by them-while according to what I have earned from some of our principal merchants, no people can be more practical and honorable in their dealings than the respectable portion of those individuals. To extend however, the rights of jurymen to every person qualified by property alone, would be the very height of folly, and indeed, the respectable portion of those who have risen from the station of prisoners, have, (as I have heard several of them say) no wish for such an unlimited extension. Num- bers of those, at various times emancipated, did not gain their freedom on account of good conduct, but often from mere interest of favour ; and many are receiving it yearly for acts which have nothing to do with moral behaviour, such as apprehension of criminals, &c.;,-while a considera- ble number of those who have gained their freedom, ac- quire property, and continue to increase it by any thing like honest means. The majority, too, of the small traders in the town, and settlers in the country being more or less dependant upon a few large capitalists and dealers in Syd- ney, these individuals would be able to influence juries formed in a great measure from these classes. Again— to require the same number of jurymen to try a cause as in England, is equally objectionable from the scanty popula- tion in many parts not affording a sufficient number for that purpose without great personal inconvenience, as I cannot but suppose that Criminal Circuits, and Courts of Quarter Sessions, will soon be enjoyed by the Colonists of Argyle, Bathurst, and Hunter's River, as well as by their more for- tunate brethren in the vicinity of the capital. The juries should therefore be apportioned according to the density, of population in each county ; and to obviate all difficulties, it would be advisable to-invest the Governor with the power of nominating jurymen ; the service to be compulsory and limited to the period of the nominators holding office — some to be appointed who had not resided for three years in the Colony, and were qualified by character and property for the situation ; and the number composing a jury to be varied from five to nine, according to the population of the respective counties. Present, not former conduct, thus, forming the requisite recommendation, all squabbles about what you had been would be done away with with a strong in- citement to a continuance of upright behaviour be given to all classes, in hopes of having their names inserted and con- tinued in his roll of honor, while a three years' residence being required to qualify an individual, the new settler, would not be molested in his pursuits at a crisis which re- quires his whole undivided energy and attention, and at the same time afford an ample period for him to familiarize him- self with the laws and customs of the colony. It must be confessed, that some of the free emigrants are quite as ex- ceptionable as those of the opposite class ; and, in fact, no one endowed with even a fraction of sense, who has calmly considered the state of our peculiarly formed community, would even think of recommending a jury system, founded upon a property alone, except some lawyer or other ind- ividual likely to gain by the increase of discord and villainy in the colony. Some 15 or so years hence, when population is more dense, and society more generally respectable and united, a closer approximation to the English mode may be benefically introduced, but where now four-fifths, at least of the jurymen under that system would consist of indivi- duals risen from the station of prisoners, a trial of it would obviously be a most dangerous experiment. If my Lord Bathurst intends conferring upon us the benefit of a jury in this extensive sense, I trust he will give the honest and industrious portion due notice to prepare for the forthcom- ing honour, before he thunders the appalling sentence in their ears, " the Phillistines be upon thee, Samson." As to a House of Assembly, my opinion always has been and still is, that in the present distracted and incongruous state of society, nothing could be more unwise, a well-selected and properly-organized Council, being what will be most conducive both to the interests and peace of the colony for the next fifteen years at least. A Council, however, not of the neutral gender character of the one we now enjoy, but one extensively selected from our wealthiest agriculturists and merchants, with such a moderate leaven of lawyers, and al spice of government officers, as to represent every interest in the colony—its sittings open to the public, with the same liberty of publishing proceedings as in England - passing no Act without examining individuals affected by it, and capable of affording useful information regarding its enactments, and printing the bills in the Newspapers at least a month before being passed into a law, so that the colonists might have full time to petition against any part considered vexatious, oppressive, or injurious to any par- ticular interest. Any body, however popularly constituted, will degenerate into a mere hive of drones, if not impelled, onwards in the prosecution of the public good by the sti- mulating excitement which publicity invariably affords.— As to the other propositions, they might appear superfluous to people in England, as measures of such obvious utility, and so long in a greater measure acted upon at home, must suggest the propriety, say, even necessity of their adop- tion here to the very meanest capacity, did we not observe Acts of Council of the greatest moment to the community, and affecting often the vital interests of a number of most industrious individuals, slide through the Council with an inquisition like silence, no one ever surmising the whirlwind that was gathering, until blazoned forth officially in the Sydney Gazette, when some plooding individual who had retired to bed with the fancied realizement of a comforta- ble competence, found possibly in the morning, his own ruin involved in one of the mushroom enactments. The discor- dant materials of which our hodge-podge population is at present composed, forms the great bar to the beneficial ex- tension of elective representation to this colony at the pre- sent period. Time must be given for the present conflictive passions to die away, and society become more harmoniously amalgamated, before a House of Assembly would be likely either to promote the welfare, or contribute to the peace of the colony, but rather strike a deadly blow at the vitals of both. The contest now carrying on by the champions of the emancipists, under the disguise of a contest for equal rights, is really and truly a contest for victory, for from the numbers of those free by servitude and emancipation so far outvoting the emigrant population, it is easy to divine to which side the superiority would incline ; and when we perceive the violent resolutions entered into by a portion of that class against all who refuse to think and act as they do, and the slanderous insinuations and Cobbet-like calamnies with which the characters of those are assailed who op- pose their views, by the trumpeters of their cause here, it would require "no ghost to tell us what use that victory would be applied. I question much if popular assemblies will be found materially beneficial in the infant state of any colony, more particularly one like this, where the local go- vernment possesses such influence by the quantity of land it has to give away, that it might always dictate the line of conduct to be pursued by the house as long as this anti-in- dependent panacca remains at its uncontrolled disposal. The late assignment to the Land Board of deciding upon applications for grants, and convict servants, will certainly tend much to counteract the abuses hitherto attendant upon these matters, where favouritism frequently decided the extent of the gift, and those banished beyond the limits of court smiles "might too often sigh and look, and sigh again, "before extracting any other response to their peti- tions but the chorus of the old song-"No, no, no, no ! Sir ! no !" And still the answer it was no-no ! It is the hope people have of bettering their condition, that forms the grand inducement to emigration. Until the affairs of an emigrant are in such a prosperous train that he can leave them for a time without material injury, it is better for him to contend himself with the laws he finds in use, or leave the fashioning of them to others, than dissipate that time in creating or correcting them, which could be more beneficially employed, both for himself and the colo- ny, in forwarding his own particular interests, for no indi- vidual can well become rich by industrious means, without imparting a portion of that wealth to the community around him. Self-interest is what we see in every country influ- encing the whole actions of man. All other considerations succumb to this all-powerful principle: Dr. Watson, Wm. Cobbett, and the two symbols of Minerva, who start us from our political snorings with their shrill too-whoot, too- whoos, in the popular periodical of this colony, may form distinguished exceptions to this rule, which however, pre- vails to such an extent among even the greatest and wisest of men, that the illustrious baronet of turtle immortality cannot even express a sigh upon perceiving a savoury size of green fat slide past his own plate. "The population of new colonies being almost universally engaged in business which occupies the greater portion of their time, few in this state will be inclined to spend even a portion of that time which can be so profitably employed in superin- tending their own affairs, in catering for the public good, with- out receiving a full equivalent for the same. It is the ineffi- cient manner in which representatives are remunerated in our colonies, and the republican states there, which has drawn forth the general observation regarding the medioere composition of the popular assemblies of these places, the paltry pittance prov- ing a sufficient temptation for men of indifferent wealth offering themselves as candidates, and thus leading to as much corrupt peddling in their own small retail way, as among the wholesale jobbers in the most rascally rotten borough in England. In the "good old (pennyless) times" of England, we had that the office of M.P., and expence incurred by the borough in sending one, were often considered as such serious hardships, that both parties equally complained of the unwilling burden ; and although for a considerable period there has been no lack of candidates, yet what public prostitation of professed principle, and scenes of base venality does not the history of the last cen- tury afford us ; And even in our own time, how often have we not perceived men, from whom we expected better things, slid- ing quietly into the servile monosyllable supporters of ministers, or the brawling of some of your lusty-longed patriots suddenly overwhelmed in incurable taciturnity, by some post or pension vi- sion sitting before them, or by either Jupiter or the Chancellor of the Exchequer descending in the shape of a shower of gold upon their unfruitful prospects. If of late there has been a greater degree of honesty and zeal for the public good infused into the council of nation, we have to thank the efforts of the press calling forth the influence of public opinion for the salu- tory change, for when we see the parliamentary members actu- ally of this day representing the adverse interests of growers and consumers of corn and wool, under the mask of advocating the public good, advocate measures which tend only to the private good of themselves and their constituents, we must admit that mankind still retain a dash of the old leaven of knavery in their composition ; for how possibly can two measures of diametri- cally opposite tendency both prove public benefits ? Now in New South Wales we must either appoint persons who can de- vote a portion of their fortune, time, and talents, to the public service without recompence, or else pay others an equivalent for the same, if we either wish the public interests to be attended to properly, or disapprove of the old mode of these representatives endeavouring to pay themselves. If in Menarchial England, men will still disguisedly seek to forward their own private views, under the thread bare domino of national advantage, and in Republican America, matters should be even so unceremoni- ously managed that the chief office in the state has become an article of public trust, do we positively expect that honesty is about to wing her flight from these ycual shores, and take up her patriotic perch in millenium meridian of Botany Bay? In the old settled county of Cumberland, and also in the capital (Sydney), a number of individuals might be found whose time, fortune, and talents, without much prejudice to their own pri- vate interests, could be beneficially employed in furthering those of the public ; but when I find one hundred "right trusty and well-beloved" seriously insisted on as the minimum of un- guilt(ave, and I fear, unlettered) indexes of wisdom, of which our Wittenagemote should consist, I cannot but hope, for sake of sinners, that Gall and Spurzheim will be secured the re- version of the skull of the sagacious propounder, that they may prove beyond the power of doubt the truth of their theories, by the triumphant appeal to a specimen where the organ of non- sense must stand forth so prominently conspicuous. In the ex- tensive settlements of Argyle, Bathurst, and Hunter's River, I do not know of a single settler who could afford to pay an annual visit of six or eight weeks to the capital without a great personal inconvenience, heavy expence, and a waste of valuable time, which none of these plodding people would, I think, relish a re- petition of. Doubtless this Apostle from the Island of Pro- jectors humanely intended that some of the patriotic shop- keepers of Sydney, who administer spirituous consolations, and other household hilarities to these drooping denizens of the wilds, at a moderate 200 per cent. profit, from their smuggled investments, after (like the pious methodist) they had "wet the tobacco, sanded the sugar, and watered the rum," would be- nificently undertake to stand proxies for their grocery clients up- on these momentous occasions, did not I fear that these ungrate- ful rogues would be rather chary of such a piece of disinterested condescension, lest these slop sellers should import some of the most flowery hopes of their auction orations into their senatorial harangues, and still be "a-going, just a-going" to stimulate on their expected customers, to squeeze out of them, by some pon- derous oblation, the long quavering "gone!" In the address voted to a ci devant "Excellency," at a late public meeting (in Botany !) are to found several political facts, which will go far, not only to stamp a new value upon this colony, but tend to a complete revolution in some of the generally received opinions of mankind. ; Thus : "The unlooked for emigration to these colonies of that excess of population, wealth and intelligence, that impeded the renovation of the mother country, during her late singular and trying struggle, proved the greatest support o this community, which it ever experienced from a single cause." And again :- "As far as good morals are necessary for the en- joyment of enlarged civil rights, your Excellency's extensive ac- quaintance with the other colonies must have convinced you that we excel them all in this great particular !!!" That a su- perabundance of riches and talent in a country should impede its prosperity, is a truth new in political science ; and that this novel species of calamity, which may chance to afflict one coun- try, should, by a simple transposition, eminently tend to the ad- vancement of another, is no less a discovery of the highest im- portance to the welfare of nations. Our ministers can now no longer sham a hypocritical blindness to the causes which blight the prosperity of their country, when they have them here so clearly and faithfully pourtrayed. Surely they will never dare to preserve in their wild and visionary schemes of administering to the public relief by the reduction of taxation, when that ob- ject can be so easily and certainly attained, by simply adding to the excess of population that Newgate pours yearly upon our shores, your Barings, Rothchils, Liverpools, Bathursts, Can- nings, and all "the excess of wealth and intelligence that im- pedes the renovation of the mother country ;" thus easing Eng- land of a nuisance, which, while it only serves as a curse to her, proves one of the most eminent of blessings to us. That this colony should excel all others in good morals, is a fact, too which must exalt it as high in the opinion of nations as it will sink the mother country in their unredeemable contempt. What must they think of debased England, when morality and virtue are thus branded as crimes, and the practisers of their precious precepts condemned to rusticate among the spotless society of our penetential clime ? Oh ; Jamie Mackintosh, Fowell, Bux- ton, and Henry Grey Bennet, why sound ye not thus your phillanthropic tocdin, when these scoundrels of English jurymen are packing off thousands yearly to our shores for no other of- fence but that of being guilty of excessive morality ? What a revolution may not this most important expose lead to ! Here- after may we not hope to see our young scions of nobility, in- stead of being cuffed into an acquirement of classic knowledge at Eton and Harrow, and finishing their education by tippling out a term or two at Oxford and Cambridge, commence a course of moral instruction at the Hulks, and perfect themselves in every virtuous accomplishment by a few years of practical dis- cipline, under the most eminent professors in Botany Bay ? But- perhaps, after all, the word is simply defined by some new Bo- tany Bay Dictionary, where house breaking, pocket- picking, and highway robbery, may possibly all be classed under the ge- neral head of "Morality." That this meeting did not take place in the very height of dog-days, I can most solemnly af- firm ; nor were its proceedings influenced by a previous exten- sive importation of Bengal rum, as some have most unjustly sur- mised, neither did it labour under the bann of the Statute of Lunacy, as others have villainously asserted ; but when we con- sider the ironically caustic praise with which the Dagon of their interested genufluctions is basted, and the most original nonsense with which this "windfall from the moon" abounds, we cannot but set it down as the wicked waggery of some sly saterical rogue, who was tempted to try to what a tickling tirade of covert ridi— cule the "motley million" might be duped to subscribe, or into what a gulph of absurdity they might be "induced to dive," or, else as the mental hallucination of some "ticket of leave man," from the lunar regions of Castle Hill. "The following editorial observations in a newspaper pub- lished in this colony, a zealous supporter ! of the free institutions of England, being unreservedly bestowed upon the population of this Colony, on account of their high moral attainments would seem to corroborate this surmise : [From Howe's Express of July 25, 1825.]. Perhaps there is no country on the face of the earth in which honesty shines with so distinguished a lustre as in those Colonies. Those virtues which immediately bear on the secular interests of mankind, guarding them from invasion, and accelerating their advancement, are here beheld in all their subli uity, and worth. But let us not be misunderstood. In societies that have risen to a high state or moral refinement, these virtues are so universally current, so habitually seen in all the walks of life, as to awaken no emotion of pleasure or admiration ; like the rising and the setting of the sun, they are regarded as mere matters of course. But unhappily in this country the fact is quite reversed. Vice is so predominant, so familiar to our daily observation, as to pass before us almost unnoticed, while the visits of virtue are so 'few and far between,' as to call forth those tributes of' warm com- mendation which plainly demonstrate their variety. The general inconvenience consequent on such a state of things, leads us to form a highter estimate of public morals, that if all were as it should be. We do not see the evils of vice through the mediam of cold speculation ; we feel them. In our journeys, we feel them in the apprehension of the bush-ranger's pistol-in our homes, we feel them in the vigilance required to keep out the midnight plunder—in our mercantile transactions, we feel them in a perpetual hability to fraud and extortion—in our faiths, we feel them in the numberless evils to which 'seed time and har- vest' are subjected by the drunkenness, idleness, and insubordi- nation of our servants. Thus we have experimental proof, that a vice is a public bane, and virtue a public good. And when this conviction is once brought home to men's own bosoms, they are eager to contribute their full quantum of support to any phi- lanthropic plan, which promises to remove or diminish the sum of their sufferings. '— From the Express of Sept. 26. 'A cargo of females came down in charge of some of the Par- ramatta constabulary on Friday last, and were conveyed to their several destinations, all more or less in a state of wretched intoxi- cation ! It was quite amusing to see the peace officers escorting these fair ones to their future residences, in a smoking and rolling condition.' "Such is the species of morality upon which we so pomposely pride ourselves, and which the worthy editor and the patriotic portion of our community conscientiously conceive entitle as to all the unlimited privileges enjoyed by your untried novices in the paths of virtue, who have never passed through the 'neck or nothing' ordeal of an Old Bailey purification, or compounded a well earned translation to the catalogue of Newgate saints, by means of a hempen apothescosis, for a translation for life to this land of virtuous martyrs."-(Morning Chronicle.) (From the Times.) VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. - Extract of a Letter, dated Macqua- rie-street, Hobart Town, April 2. (by the Lang.) - "After a voyage of five months we came to anchor in the Derwent, having, out of that time, spent but twelve hours at Madei- ra, and a week at Rio de Janeiro. We had a great propor- tion of fine weather. I am much better pleased with Ho- bart Town that I expected to be; it contains many excel- lent houses, almost all the necessaries, and many of the luxuries, of life, and the climate appears a very fine one.- It is not more than twenty years since the first settlers, some poor people from Norfolk Island, arrived here: it is the genius of England that presides here, and makes the country what it is! Amongst other proofs of its parentage we have a free press. The Hobart Town Gazette is the government paper, and the Colonial Times is the opposition paper, and free enough they make with each other - as is ever the case, what talent there is, is on the side of the latter. The people here are divided into plebeians and pa- tricians, or rather the prisoners and free people; all who are not of the former degraded class having a certain non- chalance about them that appears to acknowledge no supe- rior. I should imagine it is much the same tone of feeling that exists between the black and whites. I should beg the negro's pardon for such a comparison - he is a noble and exalted being compared with the civilized criminal: would you see degradation personified, it is in the fettered convict. "It is far from a luxuriant country, but capable, I be- lieve, of great things if properly cultivated. In a few years it will become another England. I can wish it no- thing better than it should be so. The first view of the coast is barren ; the mountains thinly covered with a re- luctant herbage, and as thinly clothed with stunted trees, chiefly of the bum pine. Some of the mountains are bare rocks to the very summit, particularly the Newstone, which never saw any thing but an eagle, or an albatross, alive upon its summit, since it came forth from chaos. At a par- ticular point of view it looks like a lion couchant. I have as yet seen no large trees, nor can I hear of any. I thought of the oak, the elm, the ash, and the chestnut, those mag- nificent trees of my own dear matchless country!" (From the Times.) Extract of a Letter, dated Hobart Town, April 20. (By the Medway.) "Although the charm of novelty is wearing off, I think there is good reason to be satisfied with the country in ge- neral, and that an industrious man, with some property, is pretty sure of getting on in the world. I cannot speak de- cisively with regard to agricultural pursuits, but of the pro- duce of the land I must acknowledge the accounts are not much exaggerated. Our wheat, vegetables, and butchers' meat, are of the first description ; many of our fruits are very fine, and all would be so did they know how to ma- nage them. As one proof of the goodness of these things, and the fineness of the climate, we are getting daily fatter and fatter. I can scarcely put on any of the clothes I brought out with me. I have not been able to ascertain the population of this town ; I should guess from 4000 to 5000, would be the extent. The people here are, as usual, divided into two violent parties, and the Radicals make the greatest noise. "The bushrangers are now all taken, and will shortly be tried and executed ; they have been the scourge of the set- tlers for this last two years : two or three of them would go and make prisoners of ten or a dozen gentlemen, and their servants and labourers ; so much were they dreaded, and so unprovided were the settlers with the means of defence." (From the Times.) MANSION-HOUSE.-About 13 years ago a man was trans- ported for life from Norwich for a burglary. He conducted himself with great propriety in Botany bay, and realized some property there. A short time ago a person was ap- prehended as that individual, charged with having returned from transportation, and committed for trial to Newgate, where he is now confined. He denies that he ever was transported to New South Wales ; but, from some cause or other he felt anxious to assign his property, which amounts to between 300!, and 400! , to another man until the event of the trial should be ascertained. The assignment was made in the prison, and nothing remained to be done with respect to the property, but to have it handed over to the party chosen to receive it into his possession. It consisted of bills drawn by a convict in Botany Bay, and accepted by the Government there, and endorsed by them to the Treasury here, and it lay in the hands of the officer who had apprehended the prisoner. The officer, upon being applied to, refused to give up the papers without some authority, to which he might refer in case of being called upon, the property of a felon becoming forfeit to the King upon conviction. Application was immediately made to the sitting magistrate at some of the police-offices to compel the officer to resign the property, but they refused to in- terfere. The Secretary of State was also applied to, but he had his objections, and the assignee came to the Lord Mayor, requesting that his Lordship would order the res- toration of the bills. The Lord Mayor, thought the appli- cation an extraordinary one, and refused to give any direc- tion to the officer, whom the assignee immediately threa- tened with an action in trover. The officer is considered justified in holding the property, and he declares that he will abide the issue of an action. 