S (JPREAJE CO U liT. — (Friday) ' Wardeitv. Howe. Mr. Wjsnlworth.— In this;c.ise, Dr. Warden is plantiff, and Mr. Robert Howe defendant. This is an action for an alleged libel, and the declaration contains eight counts. — The first, after the usual inducement of good character, goes on to state that plaintiff, at the time of the publication of this libel, was a proprietor of a certain public news- paper, called "The Australian," and had been the pro- prietor of "The Statesman" daily evening newspaper, published in the city of Westminster, but had sold the pro- prietorship of the said paper, and after such sale, and before the committing of the grievances complained of, had emigrated to this colony, designing among other ob- jeots to establish a newspaper, to be called " The Aus- tralian," and that the sale of that paper obtaines great circulation in the Colony. The first count further states, that on the 11th of Aug. last there was published an article in the Sydney Gazette, tending to bring plaintiff to disre- pute, by causing it to be believed that The Statesman News- paper, whilst plaintiff was proprietor, failed, and at the time of the alleged failure, a sum of money was due to the Stamp Office. and to satisfy the same, plaintiff had to sell off a part of the stock in trade, and was in consequence compelled to emigrate to this Colony— and that The Aus- tralian Newspaper was likely to sustain a similar fate:— The usual averments were made, and it was stated that the article headed Anticipation, which appeared in the Syd- ney Gazette Newspaper, was a false and scandalous libel on the character of the said plaintiff. The eighth count was abandoned — the other counts laid the libel in various ways. To these counts no special damage is added, and to the whole of them a general issue is pleaded. Gentlemen, this is the only issue the defendant has pleaded, though it was competent to him, if he would have justified this de- famatory matter to have done so — the defendant has merely put on issue the fact of publication — that is, whether de- fendant had published this paper or not, with the intention charged in the declaration ; that the meaning of the libel is such, as stated in the paper, I think it impossible for any one, without any proof whatever to the contrary to enter- tain any doubt. The plaintiff, as is stated in the declara- tion, was at the time of this publication a proprietor of 'The Australian' Sydney Newspaper — the defendant was proprietor of the Sydney Gazette. From the commence- ment of the establishment of The Australian, it is clear, from all the publications which preceded this, that the de- fendant felt himself in an uncomfortable situation — that he was fearful this new paper would out-rival his own — he, in fact, experienced the truth of his anticipations and con- jectures — that he viewed that publication with the utmost jealousy, and was anxious, by every means in his power, to throw odium on the Editor of that paper, and to curb that circulation which he anticipated, and that it was his object to stifle The Australian at his birth — from the appearance of which paper he must materially have sustained pecuniary injury. Actuated with these views, scarcely had this new publication been born, when every species of calamay and vituperation, which any man could resort to, was resorted to by this defendant — libel followed on the heels of libel, till at length the plaintiff, with all his regard for the liberty of the press, and he is desirous that that liberty should be tVThcw the defendant the diiiereucu between the liberty of the press, and its hceniioii&ness;,' aiid that the liberty of the pi ess did not ..authorise persons to vituperate another's pri vate character. The plaintiff thciet'ore commenced this action, under an expectation that it nnght.have some effect ' upon' the. future conduct of the defuudaut. He allowed thisaction to stand over under such an expectation, and iu vthe daily hope that the liability of the dufei2daiitrio.be called 011 in' this way, ivould 'shew him the tlafigerouscon 'se«iu uces, if he peisisted in bueh a line- vof condnctj and that he would, be disposed to profit by the wanting. , In this hope ,tbe plain till' bad been disappointed— instead of 'curbing hU violence of 1 .writing-, it spuihb to have made him mure inveterate. ,Witli tjie^urotives of tlie plaifitiO', .how ever, the Court has pei haps little, to do.\ The question, .Gentlemen, for youivcoiisiduratton'is, nhether^tiie pnbli.ca tion complained of is a libel -or.not.. -Ttintir ls,a,1libel.,,and. a gross one too, accoiiliug to all, the autho'iies,* I muku'.nu doubt his Honor will rule iu his;chorge to you. ,.The libel is headed anticipation. [The leatucd Counsel here pip- , ccedesl to reail the articic.J , '- ? . ' .. ~£ ' ? .' ' Thn'rsdiiy morning, Dec. l,.1,S2-::?;. J' Tho to'ling of the lumber-yard bell,] at day-light^ this ? lnofiuug, exciieci coiiiiileiableTalai m in tlie.iieiglk^oai-hood', . particuiaiiy of M — : ? place, and v.mous^conjeotW-es were atloat oil tho occasion. , One jjoor^Devil' was; seen on tlie bridge, who gave a confused ucconnf of the cause, and be ing without jnoof, bo aiteution was paid to h. in, uiiiH at length a ciiini!iuttvc'*riguie ol'onl^ one English ibot, 9 inches and 88 i decimal parts liigii, made hi.s appcaiaucc,' and, re- ported as tollovvs : — [So tar, 'there is no,hanu — it is p.er :hrips iugenicus, and shews that thu defendant, in,.spcA(iiug ?of the'deviU, and so forth, is master of lu^art — he appeals to know what ^ devils and tabje bulls at ej which, puihups, ' ?Gentlem'tin, you know very little ubdUt. lt.iiiay be'called, a very in^cuious allegoiy— but the, malice 'of tlie thing: - is uuyv cominjj.J — ;'i'l-at au Australian had, at tlie.liour of one that morning,' dep'arteil'this life, having -b'een for some months past in a. languid, lingering, v and declining- wayi — , that he had never enjoyed good health, butVvoin his b'uth' had been ricketty and feeble— that-he had been discovered stretched upon a eanu settee',' his head supported by two sab e balls worn out, discoloured and moist — that, on seeing 'the fiirure ii'ist lncntioned'. he raised his head, and in ac cents scarcely intelligible, thus spoke : — *? Behold 111 -rt?, myyoung fiieiid,^ a tj pe 'of -mortality — a victim to cied u- lity— the^die'is cast — my fonts are exhauste'djjuutmy fiame ' will \soon have its'last'press by the tympan of Hie.'gr'im'.ty lant — my'tinis sheet is.so blotted anil torn,' that it can never be revised. I would fain say a few woufsMiefoie I am quite worked off — they may, perhaps prevent the. circulation - of injurious, rumour^ and ( misrepresentations.'' ,Now, Gentlemen, mark what' follows : — You will perceive., that the writer makes the plahnilf the' speaker*. ''1 am, 'ihe natu ral son of a personage who once 'moved iu the quality. of a1 ? State^mit'i, but who, like myself, v\ as^ betrayed, , by .false fricndatiip,'' a t'd dehtdi'.d^into taking' the wrong side o^ the * question — (meaning -h ueby, undoubtedly, that ,The' Austra- lian Newspaper took its rise and origin on that other'paper alluded to by the name of The Statesman. What .elst», Gentlcmuu, 1 ask, can be thermeauin'g, buftliat Tlie'-A »«?-*' traliaifdid proceed from, the ruins' of' The Statesman.. The writer goes on to explain)— the cunsequeu'ee was, , that ho got disgraced', discarded,, and- bciook, himself into the. ob- scurity of a Coutt in P) ? r-stjejetj London, vvherefhej lin- , gbicd a few weeks, and 'gave up' the ghost. This, might, perhaps, have been accelerated by the introduction, fino some of lus vvoiks of defamation of certain cliai'acters, Jor wbiuh ui'y 'sires was proRee,utud and fiiie.d.' , ,IsJt not obvious \ that it means to say, -The Statesman, in consc.quence.of the principles advocated 'in that paper, f-ot into disgi\ic«l, aiid - that the nlahuiir was obligei1! to betake- his p.'iper in}i- an obscme coin tin some street, begiuning with the 1ft tci F. in - Londou — when, after, lingering (in the words of ^tfie, writer) for some timej it gave up the ghost. The. plaint)!!' top \vaa fined atuLimprisoned for libel. '1 hat it-is uot- the pupV.r it st-lr' thevviiier alludes to, is obvious,— the paper i*NuJf jcan-' not be fined for libel and defamation of character-^tlie whole therefore is an allegory ; but it is equally clear tliat the proprietor of both these papers is the person' muarit^-it is alike clear that the auihor/ot this u'uh'icVtipn ,in question was well nvv'aie of tlie'diingcroiis grotn.l l.e was'lrtyidins}^ he knew It was libellous lo write, of a 1:1.111— Lo sayoftfiini lint he had not Milhcientto pay bis debts. t .JJtjt toVq(jU,t-ji- -n;t i\u\ uon-u(|im;ici'i ol' p(ii;lislitiig u st'ateineiit 'of'ihat kind, w'lithier Ut:e''*W -u-i, he noes oti to s-tato^ufrtr', pub- lishing these itjjo'.l , th»l-'i thcv^ii c milicihui aiitt j'uUe,') and *' tit Ihe '.a mo time dots n'ot'iiiftui'il. Tna M.-n:onje i'liTis'iluifa- ; ' Ill'tisitiirud rP[iuiKi-a.i;'^ ,e -.o ',-av ,», to -avfthai he.liatl not effects suflicito 1 \r pay hi;, debts, but the'-e \\\eie mall- ^ qious and fuljie.' T.ic wr.tor, by this ajiparciitconlra'diciiuu moans to Insinuate to the rentier Hint It !s true. Afta throwing .out thU imputation. j .which is malicious mid un t'.im.leil, the .viitei ro«*.-- on to 'a- — '? thei e \\\n» rcittiinlv soiiio.thi'i]£ due. to the S ? :Ou't'eo.' M'liat lit;. means by-lhe lt'ttQf S !s pietty ele.uly Miewn by '?« subsequent pniHgtuph. '?For nil these sen ices, (cillnd'n^ lo something in ai.o'her ,P'l' .«giiiplO misfortune Ims sot hoc stump on me.' That the ' tic ten ant is in fact alluding to the phAntlff, under the clu\ rhetor of The Australian, is quite obvious, from ih'c follow ing passage: — ;*' AVhat mischievous daemon could possess mo.to Vmigratc, I am at a loss to tell yV»u. Ambition and vanity spread snares Torino, nud ' I thought from The 'pre served .:;shes of wry departed sire, to raise a meteor in a new world, which, whilst it dazzled, would improve, entertain, and inieicst mankind.' In this paiagraph theic is no'1ihel- Ibusrnalter, but i t _is nevertheless material, bccau.se it is explanatory of, the preceding- sentences,- and evidently shews that with the remnants of The Statesman, which died -a natural death, with its remnants of types and materials, the plaintiff 'emigrnte'd. to ihis llolo'nj , with a view to esta blish this other paper, The Australian — that, the whole of this, is .'allegory, and which lifts 'personification is intended to apply to the plaintiff is obviou-, from this pntngrnph : — ' 1 appeal with confidence to the few fiiends I have left, and to the public at large, whether I have not boon Ibrxvaid on' every oeeaMon to advance their ?interests-1— 1; laboured hard for the Emancipists — I supported the cause of Trial by Jury— and though I do not pretend to say that I pro- jected the farce operatical, called '"The Almorah" (for the representation of it has not yet closed) yet l confess I had some concern in the composition of the music, and the di- rection of some of the Airs, which wafted it in fancy's eye to other shores for rehearsal — and when this denouement is known, then will the curtain fall in triumph. Gentlemen, it is clear, if.you can bring yourselves to believe that this is a 'mere allepory, intended to personify the plaintiifin this nclion, under the character of the Editor of The. Australian, there mast ben .Verdict for the plaintiff. In -the short space of two Jir three senlviu.es, two gioss libels are committed upon the ..plaintiff— there is first — the allegation that he was prosecuted, found guilty, and fined for a libel ; secondly — that he had been insolvent, inasmuch, us he was obliged- to, sell the stock in trade of the paper, ami w:as compelled to emigrate to this Colony. Gentlemen, it is impossible, you will be aware, that any i.m'pii laiion could bti.made to si tile the. plaintiff, so muobin thivesiima .tiois of society.. Here was a gentleman, moving ill the first ranks o~'Tiis Colony, certainly of unblemished reputation, esteemed bythose who wore his acquaintances ';'vyheiroiit comes a pub lication of this sort, conlaiuiiJg'charges, that lie 'had been a commiin libeller iu England, and that he had been compelled to betake himself to some place more disreputuble than F-. ? street — into some court or other— that this rotiremenlhad not be friended his paper, but that 'it gave up the ghost,' and- that p'laiutitr being reduced to indigent circumstances, was obliged to pity the government deities that we.-c owing, out of his stock in tiade. Now, gentlemen, I will ask, what possible device coulcl be framed, more calculated Until this, to degrade the plaintiff In this Colony, to lower him in the estimiition of his common fricncls and acquaintances, supposing 0113' person Would give credit , to ? hose statements, ..that they Vould, and that tliey have- obtained a' -'partial credence and belief among many friends of the plaintiff, \- 1- could have proved, if it had been necessary,'!! could 'have brought foiward several pei sons of high respectability in the Oolonyt to prove, that Mich a particularity of ciicumstanccs in \- I Ins 'stati nit nt — such an apparent knowledge of facts,' was not rtxsy for a person to believe, thatthey had not some foundation in liuiti; here i* a pailicular paper which every l'bdy knows the plaintiff was. Piopriftor ot in J'llgl.md — line arc cci lain libels -aiJiidcd to — a particular si rcct alluded to— -a' combination of eir ?coiDslanccs, so much like trij'th, aslo 'induce 'people' to' sny — surely, ihis cannot all he false. Griitlemcn, I say, k is all false, there is onhione tr\ith in the whole 'of this article-?- undthat is, that the Plainujj' wa-- the' Pttyprietar oj the Stuluv.an, that this Vaj)er ex-pet iaiceii - 1 Jute descTtbcd in this jmlihcation, is cci tairily mat fnhe — ioi I Lithe Up ntioh nl ihirumtnt.in mv hand, which shews ~)--i 11 net cr: -iiacxufiON ana value the statesman Newspaper tous jiur \\-hamd ! y J-V. Wai dell — unit there in another document, sJtownigJ'or uhat he sold that Paper, and how much lie 1 euthed by the pw chase. On the nth of December, 111 181V), he bought the Proprietor . ship of the Statesman, together with u Sunday P.i per, 'from a £c til leman of the ii.imc of Perij', for .sfvJOOO, and aftci wards sx'J'l it alone, to a Mr. Rowland, for a sum exceeding j£'5000 j after having been Proprietor of that Paper for a period nearly of fota j'lars. Gentlemen, it is not necessary for me to go into tlic truth of those allegations — it is with Ihe other side, to shew ?- something in denial of the trtUh , but I just allude to those facts, it) justice to the plaintiff, lo show the, scandalous asser tions which aie contained in this publication befi. e the Court. Gentlemen, the fact of the difference in the v.ilue of the Paper, from the time that Dr. Wardell assumed Ihe Proprietorship, till1 lie vacated it, pioves that the value of the Papei had encic.ised. Now, gentlemen, ivhat has become of this Paper, the Statesman ? why gentlemen, I can shew yon fron; another Paper, The Globe and Tiavcller. After the departure of the plain till' from England) a considerable' time, an arrangement was enteretl'iiito, ' between IVIr. Rowland ai.cl another Proprietor, of a Daily .Evening News paper in .London, ami the Statesman became incorporated with tlic Globe and: Traveller, therefore gentlemen, the .whole of that panigmph, speaking of the extinguishment of the Statesman, is a scandalous and malicious invention, it is equally as 'ccrfdnlous to say*, (he publication ever took place in a'Cotnt in Fleet-street. The allegation of money being due the Stamp Office was equally false — If the paper could be sold for no less a sum than J^3000, it was not likely thai any money would be lying due at the Stamp Office, or if it waaj that there should be a necessity to pay it out of the stock in trade of the Pi-per. This libel, then gentlemen, being of this character, the record proving it to be untiue, An it is incapable, of proof, 1 will put it to you, can. -.any thing be more-scandalous than, that such a publication as this shquld have been hazarded ? Gentlemen, 1 would ask, jmnselves, if you could believe, thai Doctor IVaulell had been the person menlioued in this paper — that he had been a bankrupt Propiietor of a paper in London, that his concerns - w-ere' so much involved, that his stock in trade had been laid hold of to pay '.a ' government debt — that he emigrated to this colony with the little remnant that he had left, because he could not exist in England or elsewhere? What would* 3 ou think of such a man — would you not look upon him as a bmikiupt — tlfink him as a very secondary being fiOiti flic man you befoic thought him? T will ask, Gentlemen, *t'.uw an imputation'of this sort, in ninety-nine cases out of a bundled, could be met in this colony. In this case it docs hap pen thai if the clefetidantjiad attempted to justify his i-rime, lie must have f.ulcd ; because, tf any peison had given him this in formation (bu/, I partly believe, it, is a fiction of his own) it does happen, 1 say it could have been disproved. If happens that 1- have been on teims1 of friendship and intimacy -with Doctor W'nrvicll and his faniiU, and I could have proved where he had lived. I am acquainted with his circumstances and his toimvciion&r; 'Gentlemen, I_am sorry to say, this is but one fic tion'oulof a Ihousiiud— (here is no scunility, no species of per sonal vituperation which could be practised by one person to wards another, th'at has not been resorted to by the defendant ; he has held ll.e plaintiff up as a liar, a coward, an humble apolo gist, -a paitioon, in short, in every way he has heaped odium and obloquy upon him. It was but the other day that defendant, in a parnurHpit in his papl'r, pretended that plaintiff had li-ndcrcd ;i siitiuiiisit e. apology. I a*k whether this is to be tolerated.— Gentlemen, can you believe this ? How- often is it that persons \- inigitite to this colony without a. single friend to accompany (hem? Did the defend. in! know that there was any person in the colony w ho could 1 efute the calumnies he promulgated? — Gentlemen, In- hoped the poison would go forth to the world, and make souct look on the man he so unjustly vihfitfd; as a j - tt 1 1 1 \ , pet!^ biiiil.uijit. one v\ho had come out. with a few types, becittitt: he conk! not iiud a subsistence in England, nncl had no other leMuncc but lo take himself to this colony. Thes'e.Gen tlr'/ucn. Hi'ii1 the* impressions he hoped to have established. in tile [n.b.^i, mind, to dimmish the sale of The Austinhan, and therein iticitnse his own upon the otheis ruin. Gentlemen, if tit is line) iiei.11 n solitnn sithmpr, (he plaintiff would not hnve perSL iered in this action. ]t is iiot-n pleasant tiling fur one Ediitir to bt: bringing an action against auothei. But I will -isk you, (Jc nth men, hou you uoi.ld like to be held up (is a set of brink nipt nierchmils, -a/jd nt-' having been fined and in)|)ris-niecl. Duj cm nnagme that the iiberly of the press is In make a man odious and dHesldblc, not only ui the bocitty where he e:iists, but; througlioiit'the ivor.ld. There , i* no friend to tjie liberty of the press but would pardon sopie-Miling ecci utiicilles ; but it is .csbCiit'fil, to a' fine exercise of the press, tint .'icUoris of this sort be tirou»lit. '! hey are cnlcul-il(.*tl to '!u« lli.it |ie.soi!al abu-.e is 1101 tn be allowed, or defamation of eh.ir:ieler tolerated. Gin tlemon, i ui.i noldetrtin uiu by m.ikinc fiirtht r ciitncu nU 11,1011 this puiilii'n'ioii. 1 am aim* \uu uill cijlhct from U ih i)Lr\itw± ctidvs.c^. liih tie-u, as his Honor will le/1 you, lSciUli.iiieiJ- thai .if yo?i bfclicve thenpjjl:cntiou Jc tlmtDr. Wnnh-ll is intended to lie |u i-miiiUk (I wiili this pri|H'v, that ihe impivtsiVion ot tine and linpiistiiimcul is mentil in .ttt,i.-li to him, the .ill- dgi d itivKcnc;, of the piper in 1} ^land is menu I to iitt.ith to him aNo, lint this is -cut uui'i)ui vocal libel tii.hiw. With regisnl' toother nieaiure of dhiiia^e-', I will leave them with yourselves. -I iiui^t any, how ever, it is at^ Doctoi W.irdell's u quest that tins case should he lift to the dl'c'sicn of twelve good huiw'^t men, ns the I.iw cnlls Ihciu ; perfectly satisfied to leave thu election of those twelve men to the defendant. - v '1 he iolluw ing evidence vl as then called — ' Mr. James Tiiosisqx examined — Bought the pub lication before the. Court, at. the Ga/.ette Otficc, in Sydney, on 7th day of October last — witness made a niemoinnditm on it, at the time— it is defendant's ojlice — defe.nd.in.t was present at the time, of the ptuch'ise — the paper put in ihe witness's band, was headed ' Sydney Gazette,' dated U4I1 ,-. ugust, 1825. JMr. CiiAMHEits suiil he li.i(^t)*e,in a subscriber to the Sidney Gazette for a considerable time — he discontinued taking tliat'pajKT, last Christmas — tlic paper produc'e-'H, headed ''Sydney Gazette/' was left at witness's house — does not know who is tlie pcr^qtj.tJiixt delivered it — knows that the (.iaztttes were usually' left ££'his house by a servant of the defendant's — lie has paid bills at the Gazette Office for the newspapers that \vere--delivered at his hoiise— in one of the bills was included tliv paper before the Court — witness here produced a;receipt, signed James Grecnfk-Id, acknowledging the receipt of a su'm of inoiiey for newspapers, on account of (Robert Howe) the defendant — witness once had conversation .with defendant, wherein he ex pressed a wish that he should pay liis account for new spnpers, to the clerk, in the shop. Jambs Giu:exField. deposed, tlmt he is, clerk to tlie dcfendniq — -is empowered by defendant to receive bills for Gaxettes — has received . monies ftom last witness, .on that ac count — |)a3's ihe same over to Mr. Howe — any person wishing to to be supplied with GflHc'tles, 'can have-tlieni, by. applying 'til the Ghetto Otrice-^-that oflice belongs to ' the- defendant — hits' no doubt-lhe paj)erj)roduced,. 'was printed at Hlie Gaxctte Office — defendant. may be the editor of. the Gazette — cannot speak de cidedly on. 'thai matter. Cross-examined — :did not seethe paper put into witness's hniid, printed ftt'ihe Gazettc.Ofiice — ^there is no signature to the paper, from, which it can be inferred, who is the publisher of iU ' By tlic C'our'j— -iIi'pic is no oilier paper in the Co lony, called- the Sidney Gazette. ?Mr. W. C. Went worth stated, that on the 1 J th of August, thedcy of tiiejHiblicatioii conip'laincfi, plaintiff was proprietor of The Australian Newspaper — ^kiiovys that plaintiff was the propiietoi of a papl'r published m-London, under the name of The- Statesman, which 'was published in the city oi Westminster — further,. knows. that plaintiff' sold that paper, pre vious to his departure v from England, for a considerable, sum -of money — tlmt , when he cmiie to ''this 'Colony , he'iuleiided to jiub lish a new;s()aper, called The Australiaii-^thr.l he has conducted that paper, principally, siiice it was established — at the time of the publication before the'Court, he conducted it wholly. '?' Mr. Wentuorlh here closed his case, for the plaintiff. In defence to the nclion tvyo objeciions were taken. Ph-t — that the publishing- of the paper which had been put into the Cotnt^had not been proved. And,,secondly — that the article had' no application to the plaintiff. (Notlj. — In arguing these points, it was urged on behalf of the'defenddiit, that plaintiff had published libels on the defendant. This is not true, nothing savouring of libel ever emanated fiom the pen of tiic 'plaintiff. If it had been tine, and bten so pioved to be true, it would be no*defence, as'may be snen by a vaiicty oi cases. Ed.) The. Court. — Is it : d.nittcd that the action 'was com menced on the 25th1 of August. filK Went worth said he would admit nothing.' If evi dence could be offered ia. 'proof thereof, it had- better be 'gone into. Ulr. (iurxeh, clerk of the Supreme Court, was then ruilfil, « lin prnved'thc wiit for the present action to have been issued on the v!2d ot August, 1825, and appear ances entered on the 9th of October following. Mr. 'Wentworth replied, and the Chief Justice summed up. , / This is an action for libel. The plaintiff seeks to lecover compensation from the defendant, who is alleged to bo th'e pioprietor and publisher of the Sydney ©azotic ilewa pa- per, for certain defamatory observations on his chaj actor. Two objections have been taken on behalf of the defen dant in this case. Fiist — that th.ere has not been legnl proof of the publication. And secondly — that there has not been sufficient proofth.it the plaintiff is the person who j\as alluded to in the article. I am always anxious if thcie is any evidence to go to a Jury, to put it to them. The fact of publication is the point upon iThirh thi*_«''i«-« mainly depends, a vimcis suites tie bought that paper, in common with otheis — he marked it at the time — and that it was on the 7th of October. Now it appears fjohi the evidence of a .witness, who is called Mr. Gumci, that action was commenced in tho-Angust preceding ; thcie foie theie is not diiect proof, of publication; but the evidence of Mr. Chambers is called, to hhew that he received a similar paper to (he one before us, in the usual manner of deliveiy ; that he had been'aceuMomed to receive papers from the Sydney Gazette office. But this_ witness did not say that the paper befoic the Court was ex pi». jsly delivered to him by Mr. Howe's seivant. Now fiom this evidence it is sought to be cbtiiblished, that de fendant was the Editor and Ptibhbher of the Sjilney Ga zetU?. 'Unt it does riot appear that the particular., paper exhibited to'the Court was received by him oil the 11th' of August Theie is direc.t proof of publication in October; buttheie is also direct proof of the action having been commenced some tinve before, and therefore no dite-ct pi oof appeals before us o'f the publication, which is the gist of this case, being some lime before. Mr. Howe's servant, is called, a men of the name of Gieenfield, as 'a witness. He proves, a icceipt of money, to which his name is affixed, on. account of Mi. Howe. He says, Mr. Howckeeps the shop at the Gazette office, and has no doubt the p*apei exhibited is one of Mr. Howe's, papers, but does not speak to the date of publication..— .Gentlemen, I will put it. to you, whe ther you '-cani'safc'ly arrive at' a conclusion, that this parti cular paper has been published by Mr. Kowe, and I must beg of joirto dischaige from your minds all previous know ledge that; you might have possessed of this publication be fore, or the relative conditions jou 'might stand in with either party in this case. Juries cannot take ptiviite cir cumstances into consideiation ; theiefore you will have lo .look at this case enti.-cfy from the evidence which is be foie jou. Gentlemen, ihe- nexr yjioiuid of objection taken by the defendant is, that there is 110 proof that the iuuen docs .ire applicable to plaintiff. It is contended that this is an allegorical article; and it hria been endeavoured to be shewn that it applies to the pl.iiutiff. What proof is there of this. The evidence of Mr. Wenlvvorth is that Doctor Wardell was the ptoprielor of Tlie Statesman, nnd afterwards the proprietor of-Thc Australian. Gentlemen, is this proof that the article refers to the plaintiff in this action,' docs it mcinf Iiiln and 110 one else? there might have been another pajier of the name of The Statesman. Some persons might have been called to shew that this article was allegorical, th'it it did apply to the plain till' and him only ; but here we have onlyan aver ment that he was the proprietor of The Statesman, and after wards became the proprietor of The Australian. Bui, Gentle men, it does not appear, as a necessary' consecjuence, that ihis article applies to the proprietor of The Austialian, as having been tlic proprietor of rI he Statesman. It is merely left as an inference from the general statements made tons. With lespcct lo that part 'of the paragraph, upon which a construction has been.put by Mr. Weiituoitb, that the k'lljr S office is intended to mean the Stamp Olhef, I Ihmk'u going to loo great lengths ; how are we to knoiv' whit the single letter S means ? There is nothing beyond a general statement. Can 3011, Gentlemen, sny thm you can come to this conclusion on oath, that this state ment — 1 aiH the nnlucnl son of a Statesman, &.c applies to Dr. \Vaid= II, and iio one else. It is contended that there is. 'an nlle-' galion, charging the party, be he Who hc.mny, with crime— -he- is' represented as having published certain works of defamation, for which he, the Sintesmnn, wr.s prosecuted mid 'fined, and tracing the consequences of this, that' he go't discarded, ruined, and wm obliged to quit tiie country. Gentlemen, I am prepared to admit, laying- every other consideration out of the case, that to say a Gentleman had a paper, had been convicted of libel, and, inconsequence, had been ruined in his circumstances, and come to this colony, having quitted Kngls.tid without' pitying his debts, would be attacking him in a certain degree in his occupa tion. Dili, Gentlemen, I will put it to you whether you can Cflltc t ttimi this nllegotiL-i! msttiime/il, that it -applies to the )l.miUi£ as tiit* noiSou who wfis he pioprietor of this Sleites mau, and nficrwavds of The Anslrnllaiv, and ijp other; and so oiuidly, whether there is complete mid *r\tisl'iiutor.y proof in 3'om_. minds that the aiticle in question was published by the defendant' befjire the y6lh of August 1825. * ??«£ Thejury k- tired fot -tbrul h,df -tu huur, during which tiine loud discussion was heard in the court fiom thejury room. On letiiruing to thejury bo\, the iVireniiin addiessing the Court, said, ' We find « vevilict for the plaintiff Is. duitiHgcs, each party to ptty his own costs. [Tlic following- is 11 brief extract from I\fj|itty'il 1110C Ilorton's evidence before the JStnigratioii cJom mittee]: — ? ' lias the attention of government been of Inte directed to the subject of emigtation fr^uu Ireland lo the colonies ? — ]n answer to that question, I would refer the Committee to an extract from the Report of the Si led Committee in 1823, which refers to the emigration which wai than commenced, but 'tlic result of which hnd not then been known. Of 'that emigration, to a cer tain degree, wo have received information ; and any information we have received respecting it, I simll be prepared to give to the Commute?; at the snnrj tiiqe, its RJr. Robinson, ,tlio superin tendent of that emigration, is here, 1 think the details of it had better be derived from trim. ? — Whal 'were the circumstances Hint induced government to turn, their attention to this subject? — -In the yenr 1823 it w»'« considered tlmt it might be desirable, with reference to rh«i state of the south .of. Ireland fit that time, to encourage a partial emigration, more as nn experiment, than with any vrew tlmt Aicft.-mi'mticwt on to ?mall a settle could pro duce any very beneficial rctulta. I should wish here to titke the opportunity ot ob»riviug, that 1 shi mu'it anxious any obi servntions that I may innk'c upon R OKNiinAL principle, of. emi- gration, may not be coH»ideied, in any decree, «» conveying the opinions of the govcniment, Up»n tlie tubject of the emi gration that has been carried into iffect 'under tlie directions of his Mnjest^ 'b goveipmertt, tpccific information can be given ; with respect to the application of a more extended aenle of emi graiioit from Irelnud, -I. miu notiu . the le'a«t autliofised, 'on the part of the government, to **y any thitif ; as an iTtdiridunl, m.y attention lins lieen directed 10 the ?ubjeet, nnd If 1 can supply any information, I ilutll be happy to do »o. — . — What is jour opinion with regard lo tlie piob»bl« eJTect of introducing an eri Inrgcd system of emigratiou trom Ireland ? — I would obserre, that I consider that it it an admitted fact, that rti port* of Ire land the population nifTy be eontiidcretl es redundant, in the sense of the supply of laboar being very disnrojiortioimte to ftie demand ; I should imagine, thai »n sack a state of things, no lemedy could be more satisfactorily applied ttmn emigration carr} ing off thtt population, of the employment of trlueh no opportunitj enn b« there found, pro«ided the expense of car rying such ernigiatipn into, elfetft i/i notitoo great to jnatifj such an expense. ? In ord«r to produce any influence upon the po pulation of Ireland, in your opinioH to what extent ought the annual emigration lo go, in point of number* ? — 1 irhould cer tainly feel great hesitation, particularly b*fOre rtrh Committee, in ottering any opinion upon (Tie state of Ireland ; it n scarcelj possible to stale any opinion upon the subject, withottt, in some degree, waking, an ftlluriou to ftrat prea'vmed gttvte ; therefore, with that qnnliflcation,; I will siat« rny opinion. In the flrst place, the capabilities in tite colonies or Canada alnne, -of re ceiving a population, are found to erW Vo v- grcait nn extent as would probably.'surprise the Conimiltee, withont exniiiination in dctnilof the circumntnne-e* orf thm ?o)o«y. I s*c no reason in principle, why the emigration, which has be«m 3ucce»sfully car ried into operation in the yrm 18W, iwd respecting which rtre niost amp'le de-tnils can be givtt to (he Committee, may ncTt^be carried iuto effect witirrrferenwe 'lo wiy eoBafivnble imiuher of persons disposed lo emigrate ; I wirni, rherc hi nothing in the amount of the numbers 'which woald make it iripoisible »o ap ply, lite piinciplej if a hundred men can be located at 0 given expense, in a given -3i»trict in Canada, I see mo reaeou why. 100,000, 200,000,'or A00.000 are not to be Ideated at the same rate of expense. I think it it R'umPetinl point to establish tlint fact; in Upper Canada »lo»tc, I hnre no hesitation In saying, thuie is the must distinct eyideme that 160,000 persons enn be ^received. The present Governor of Lower Canada, Lord Dal housie, is now-in 'Iwondon, JT fh« Connn ttec think fit to avail themselves of tlie itccidentHl circumstance of his bem'g here; to give inforuiRtion with Te«pe«t to, Lower Canada, the province im mediately under his government, he woald be prepared to inform the Committee, thatin one district alone, a«rl tlmt is the- di»trict oLGaspc, situated in the south of the St. Lawrence, and immedi ately, to the northward of If ew Brunswick, he will 4eii the1 Co'ni -inittc'e,, there is nodonbt tiiktin thatpibVincei vvhere thesoiiisre-' marltdbly iRne snd the clirtmte good, and whrra.thcrc» an eailier^ spring' than in ihe western pRrta of Lower Canada, that that province nlone vionld sbsorl; (tpopulation'vrith the greatest faci lity of 600. GOO persons. I wish to press upon the Committee, that in speaking of this subject .a* a cohmi-l /]n-«.ri/m. Hirrr ' -%«- i4m;-,.iii/ir.iu me ejtient to which popnlntioncnn be absorbed, and that the local govcrnnient would not feel any elitiiculty in dis posing of them. And with respect to the pincticnl question, 'as ' applied to Ireland, it appears _to me to be 6imply this; if you have a redundant population, and thnt population agricultural, or capable of being applied to agricultural purposes, -if yon cnVr rtmorf- that population at th« rule of 201. per head in 'so satis factory a manner as to remove thrm from a situation, v\here, I piesume^ they are exposed necessarily to every inconvenience, atid where their situation must expose them 'to every sort df temptation of outrage and_disaffcclion ; if yon can tinnsporf them to your colonies, and transmute them into an orderly, satis fied, and contented peasantry, whether it be' or be not worth tv bile, in a national point of view, to incur such an expense for, such 'an object' ? What plan is in' contemplation at present, with regrtid to the current ye-jtrf — The vole that government had agreed to grant for the present year, is 80,0001. ; the emigration of the year 1823 was 15,0001. 10,0001. only of which extended 10 the Canada* emigration, the other iapplied to the Cape of Good Hope. — —Upon what plnn is it intended to apply that nio'iey ?— -Preciselj in the same manner a's the plan of -18V3, 'adopting any suggestions for economy that can bo devised1. 16 make it less .expensive. In making these observations upon emigration, I lestrict myself entirely to the two Canadas ; but there is the province of Now Brunswick, 'Which ahine wonld absoih an cnoimous population,' and there arc other colonies which am capable of receiving emigrants without any limitation. In fact, if it be demonstrated that die removal would be a justifi able expense for the country to incur, it does not appear to me, that there can beany sort of difficulty in locating the emigrants 11 the colonial possessions of the empire. ? Does, it occur to you,_lhat any faciliiies might be afforded to voluntary emigra tion from Ireland, unconnected with any support from govern ment? — I hold, in my hand here, a list of emigrants who have ar rived in Quebec, qf that voluntary emigration which is now al luded to ; I have a paper on the subject of thai voluntary emi gration, which is quite-unregulated, arid which subjects those who1 cuter into it; to most 'serious iricdrivenicnee'if-aiid 1 th'irik it is well u 01 th the consideration of the Committee, whe'ilicr any measure enn bu adopted to put under regulation thai emigra tion. The paper to which I have allndcd, aild which is not absolutely correct in 'all its- 'details, slates, as follows: ? 'The Emigration Trom Great Britain, ancl Ireland to'the Ca nadas, which commenced shortly after the final csdnblisluiicnt of peace in 1815, went on in gradual increase from 5,000 or G,000 persons in the course of a summer, lo 12,1)00, all of whom were landed at the* port of Quebec, 49 out of '.20 being casual, emi grants. In the vearlS22 Vnd 182S, 10,300 emiginnls upon an average, annually arrived at Quebec. By far the larger pro portion oft hesc were little better than paupers. Having paid tiom four to six puuuds for their passage and their iiiisteiiance on the voyage, they found themselves destitute on arriving ai Quebec; they had neither the means of going upon Crown land ;if granted to them,, nor'of cultivating it. Tlie greatcr^'part; if they had money lo pay their passage up St. Lawrence, 'or if they could obtain it by a few days labour at Quebec, hastened on to tipper Canada ; and of those who did so, perhaps onc-hnlf went on to, tlie United Slates', few rcninined arid' became, useful and, ellcctivu settlers in the lower province. The proportions of the whole emigration to be assigned to the three nations, may be slated al nbuul three-iiftlis:lrish, and the remainder English and' Scotch, with a larger proportion of die latter. Of the English mid Scotch, perhn'ps ouj-fourth at feast biought money or othci resources with them. Of the Irish',' scarcely onc-lwcutiiilh landed with any thing but a scanty .provision of clothes and bedding. Those h lin had not the nitrtns of settling on laud, or who elid not, or would not go to Upper Canadii or the United States, luiiiained as labourers in the principal towns of the Lovvet 'province ; and u-hen tliu approach of 'w-in'tur at once diminished their 'sources of employment am! increased their wants, they became, a oiirtht'ii on the cuuimunit3*. ? It is satisfactmy in know, tliatnp to llie close of the navigfition-of the St. Lawrence,- this iiuimnti, only,1 7 500 emigrants hud airived at Quebec, and tlt.it the y,re'nter part of ihcse weie of 11 better class of people thin those, of former j-ciirs, and b'etter provided with the means of subsistence.' - 