SYDNEY GAZETTE, AND New South Wales Advertiser. MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1827. As we were not present when our health was drank by the Colonists, with reite- rated applause, in common with our con- temporaries (with one of whom we have no ambition to be either publicly or privately associated), on the evening of Friday last, at the Anniversary Dinner, we may perhaps be allowed the only opportunity that is now offered us of returning our thanks for such marked attention from those, in whose cause we have at all times been zealous and fore- most to embark. Whilst we have the ho- nour of defending and supporting the measures of the Government, with that quantity of energy and ability which is al- lotted to us, we, at the same time, take good care to keep in remembrance the first and best interests of the People--so that the GOVERNMENT, and the GOVERNED, alike and equally participate in the benefits of our loyalty and patriotism. Their interests have ever been looked upon by us in the same light--we have ever considered them as one. The Government cannot prosper without the People--the People cannot prosper without the Government ; they are, or should be, as inseparably connected as wedlock is the most intimate union that characterizes the human family. Since we have had the honour to conduct the elder Journal of this rising State, we have been most auspiciously circumstanced, and it was fortunate that we did not politically exist in more early Colonial reigns, as we must have either given up the ghost, or vi- sited Norfolk Island for the benefit of our health. But, since our paternal Progenitor retired, like another Franklin, from the per- plexities and troubles of this life, the Country has assumed altogether a new aspect, and changes, we think for the better, have taken place every year. If Governor MACQUARIE had only enjoyed his authority a few years longer we should have been able to have made him sensible of the advantages of a more li- beral discussion than was allowed by the des- potic and iron-bound Censorship of his day--- of which we will ever proclaim our loudest detestation. In a few months, however, after we had succeeded the first and late Editor and Founder of the SYDNEY GAZETTE, venerated MACQUARIE retired--leaving us, with powerful recommendations certainly, to tremble for the change. But our fears soon proved groundless ; for we found, in Major GOULBURN, the new, and we are glad to say the last, Censor, so powerful a friend to public discussion, that those energies of ours, which had been silently acquiring strength for very many years previously, were favoured with an opportunity of coming forth to public view. While the Censorship existed in any shape, we laboured under mental bondage which is better felt than described, and though Major GOULBURN threw the columns of the Gazette open to all, yet the experiment, as it proved in several cases, was at our expense. Sir THOMAS BRISBANE, however, like another HASTINGS in the Eastern hemisphere, at one blow destroyed every rascally barrier to the liberty of discussion, and gave Aus- tralia the Freedom of the Press. Provi- dentially was that liberty bestowed by the late GOVERNOR, otherwise he must have sunk under a weight of misrepresentation and public odium, from which nothing less powerful than an unrestricted Press could have delivered him. It did deliver him, and every ship brings us the most gratifying and enviable testimonials of the zeal which the Sydney Gazette unexpectedly but heroi- cally manifested in his behalf. Sir THO- MAS was our Governor--and with our GOVERNOR, the Representative of our be- loved MONARCH-- we were determined to stand or fall. If we had fallen, it would have been a noble fall. But having stood our ground, in defiance of the legions that gathered thick around, and threatened to destroy us at every point, we shall, we trust, succeed in preserving that good opinion which has been formed--and we have a right to say justly formed--of our loyalty and our pa- triotism in all parts of the world-- and by every Public Authority. We have never yet sacrificed public opinion to any Government--indeed such a sacrifice has never been required of us at the hands of any Administration. The Ministers of the day are too liberal, too enlightend, to need the sycophantic labours of any parasite; and should there be any individuals who occa- casionally vent their spleen by branding us with such an epithet, let them understand, of all parasites, we are the most singular, since our labours, in every shape, are as pure as they are disinterested. This is a declaration of which few Official Journals can make a public boast ; and though our paper is necessarily the Organ of Govern- ment, it is known to be only so, as regards the insertion of Official Notifications ; for we would not allow even the Government to dictate to us the line of policy that we should adopt. We shall ever continue to exercise our own discretion in that respect--a privi- lege which we hold as dear as life and free- dom themselves. In illustration of the tender ground on which we have stood with the Home Government, we have only ascer- tained within the last month, and by the late arrival, that Ministers were somewhat op- posed to the liberal views we have all along been advocating in behalf of Constitutional British Liberty. This fact must have been known long since to the present indefati- gable and energetic Government ; and yet so far from expressing any desire to interfere with our politics, that Government has al- lowed us to pursue those liberal views which were originated, sanctioned, and confirmed by the former Governor. This fact, too, whilst it affords a substantial argument in favour of His present Excellency's liberal and manly feeling in regard to the Civil Liberties of the People under him, at the same time furnishes an irrefutable proof of our unconnectedness with the Administra- tion ; and it also should convince the Pub- lic of New South Wales, that in supporting the liberal policy of a Governor, we have encountered no small risk--one, too, that might have operated against us, only for the blessing which England and her Colonies enjoy, in His Majesty having around him, and in his Cabinet, the most enlightened, fearless, and liberal Ministers, with which any age, or any Monarch, has ever been distinguished. Had it been signified to us that Ministers were afraid the Country was not sufficiently ma- tured for those Civil Rights which they solicit so earnestly, we should not have op- posed the interests of our children and pos- terity by vilely recanting all that we have systematically urged, but it is probable we might have suspended further discussion in this respect ; and if we had, we will ask, where would have been the Petitions that were unanimously carried on Friday last ? Let every Colonist answer this interrogatory-- we confess our inability to the task ; and we trust that what we have advanced upon these subjects for the last 18 months, will succeed in convincing the British Cabinet that uni- versal benefits must arise from their liberal concession with the views of the Colonists, who must not forget that much is due to Lieutenant General DARLING, who has never, on any occasion, as we have heard, expressed his disapprobation of those mea- sures, but, on the contrary, it is reported that His EXCELLENCY is anxious that the Colonists under him should be rendered happy, free, and prosperous. With these remarks, which have been elicited by the People's flattering public regard of our faithful adherence to the Liberty of the Press, we shall retire from the subject, assuring them that we shall continue in- variably to support the Cause of Free- dom, whilst we will be careful to promote and render efficient the measures of every Administration. Yesterday we received a paragraph, which went to communicate a melancholy piece of news ; and as we had no reason to expect such attention from the gentle- man whose compliments came with it, we were afraid of giving it as truth until we ascertained its correctness, for fear of some fresh hoax or other. We sent it to a friend for that purpose, when Mr. T. H. James took the liberty of keeping it back, without deigning a word of reply to our messenger. The gist of the pa- ragraph consisted in asserting that a Mr. Adair, an emigrant of two years, was drowned yesterday off Garden Island, in a boat belonging to the Magnet, Captain Todd, and three other gentlemen were on board, when the accident happened (so it is said) ; and but for the affair having been witnessed by some people on Anson's Point, and Mr. Robertson's boat being at hand, the whole of the gentlemen must have found a watery grave, as they were taken up in an exhausted condition. The sailors, three in number, reached Garden Island in safety. On a hasty perusal of our files of Indian Journals, we learn that the insurrection at Java was of the most serious description. General DeKoek was at Djoejocarta with all the force he could collect, where the very sickly state of the European troops compelled him to remain on the defensive, sending out detachments occasionally against the insurgent forces that were conti- nually hovering about in the vicinity, and cutting off his supplies. Of 1,000 Euro- pean troops which the general had with him, 800 were said to be in hospital, dying on an average at the rate of 10 daily. Eight young active officers died in one week, and it was feared that many more would soon fall victims to the harassing mode of warfare to which they were reduced. The Pangerang Manku Nagoro had taken the field with 600 of his legion some time ago, vowing vengeance against the principal insurgent Pangerang Diepo Nagoro, who he resolved immediately to bring to action. It is said the services of this chief have been obtained by a donation of four lacs of rupees, and the cross of the commander of the Netherland's Lion, presented to him by the commissioner, in the name of the King. An action has been fought, which though stoutly contested, ended in the discomfiture of the insurgents. It is reported that a considerable jealousy exists amongst the Java chiefs. If this be the case, the Java Government will have nothing to fear from them beyond a pro- tracted struggle, a great defalcation of re- venue, and an encreased expenditure. Troops are arriving from Europe by every vessel, and are immediately despatched to the eastward, but before they reach the scene of action scarcely 40 in a 100 are fit for duty, and few of them escape long. Cholera morbus is committing dreadful ravages in many parts of India. The papers abound too with accounts of the voluntary sacrifices of females on the funeral piles of their husbands. In the Cuttack District, the rivers have overflowed their banks and inundated the country to an alarming extent. It is apprehended, that the present inundation will be more disastrous than that of 1823, when the Ooreah peasantry, (a proverbially poor and wretched race,) suffered great dis- tress, by the extensive damage of their crops, and the destruction of their dwellings and numerous herds of cattle. The backward state of their cultivation last year, owing to the previous drought, and the much earlier period at which the floods have covered the country, combine to render the present ca- lamity still more distressing, and it is feared, that a total failure of the-rice crops, (the chief produce of the district) would be the unfortunate result. A great scarcity and the dearth of provisions already prevailed. By the ships from Rangoon a variety of letters state that the country was perfectly tranquil, and the final evacuation of that part of Burmah is spoken of as quickly ap- proaching. The second instalment, it is positively stated, was ready. The Burman Authorities, do not attempt to disguise their pleasure at the prospect of the speedy de- parture of their unwelcome visitants. This feeling is not however universal ; the lower classes have formed a species of attachment for our countrymen, and many of the fair sex are completely disconsolate, at the idea of losing their soft and attentive lovers : They are described to us as animated and accomplished flirts ; some very beautiful, all adepts in coquetry, and shrewish, capri- cious, and fickle, when crossed or contra- dicted. , We refer our readers, for further Indian News, to the selection in our last page. We are not surprised that Dr. WARDELL feels astonished that THE GOVERNMENT should direct the Acting Attorney General to file a criminal information against him for the grossest libels on the Worshipful and Learned Chairman of the Quarter Ses- sions, since it is a measure so different from what his base and cringing conduct, as a po- litician, entitled him to expect twelve months ago. But he will find there is a possibility of going too far, and should he escape these prosecutions with £500, and costs, he will have to congratulate himself. The Doctor ! The learned Doctor ! ! The outwitted Doc- tor ! ! ! Alas, the poor Doctor ! ! ! ! We understand that Dr. MARTIN, of Parramatta, has some thoughts of quitting this Colony for India at no distant day. We should be sorry for this- - not on our own account - but on account of the good folks of Parramatta, who have for some time past known what it is to appreciate Dr. M.'s skill and zeal. No, no - now the Doctor has become a settled Colonist, we must make it worth his while, as the aborigines say, to "sit down" with his family du- rantae vitae. Wc suggested a plan some six or eight months ago, by which we thought the settlers would be considerably benefitted. We pro- posed that a depot should be erected, by sub- scriptiou, for receiving the grain of the settlers and that in this place a salesman should be stationed, who, for a moderate per centage might dispose of the same, and fairly reim- burse his constituents. This plan was in- tended to check the evils arising from monopoly. Mr. Barnett Levy, however, has completely superseded the necessity of such a measure, by the erection of his spurious store, which is fit to contain 20,000 bushels of wheat, and by the liberal allowance which he offers, for two years to come, of seven shillings per bushel. The whole undertaking is of the most patriotic description ; one which cannot fail to benefit the honest and industry- ous settler for his labours, as he must be ef- fectually put out of the power of fluctuating markets, and griping avaricious monopolists. The encouragement which Mr. Levy offers, is of such a magnificent description, that he cannot fail to receive the sincere and grate- ful thanks of the whole community. The news from Great Britain still conti- nue to be of the most desponding descrip- tion, and the utmost distress and anxiety seem to prevail throughout the kingdom. We have been favoured by a gentleman in town with the perusal of a letter, dated Brechan, Sept. 8, 1826, that he received from his friend in Scotland, from which we make the following extract :-- "Since I wrote to you last, a sad revolution has taken place in the commercial world. Trade and commerce of all kinds is at a complete stand, and it is with the utmost difficulty that any person in town can keep on his feet, the banks not excepted. I could fill this sheet with lamentation, mourning, and woe. Poor Alexander * * * has failed to a great amount; report says from £110,000 to £120,000, which I have reason to believe to be pretty correct; but what is much worse, he has forged to a great amount. There is about £1,000 of these bills in the Montrose bank on Mr. Patterson's father-in-law, besides many others. He has made his escape, leaving his wife and family behind. Some say he has gone to New South Wales, nut of this I am uncertain. * * * In consequence of the lightness of the crops this season, provisions of every kind are on the rise, and no money to make pur- chases. Oatmeal is 24 shilling's per boil ; butter from 17 to l8 pence per lb. ; beef six-pence; eggs seven- pence and eight pence per dozen ; cheese from 8 to 12 shillings per stone; added to all this the price of labour has fallen, and little work can be obtained by the labouring classes ; a weaver cannot earn five shil- lings per week ; almost all public works are stopped, and credit has completely failed. People that were independent last year, are now, from some cause or other reduced to beggary. About seventy of the principal manufacturers in Arbroath have failed ; none have escaped more or less, even old established houses that have stood for more than 100 years. The stagnation commenced in December, last year, and this day that I write there is no appearance of any amendment, but on the contrary, things look darker and darker; money is scarce, and credit quite gone. In this wretched state of affairs I know not what we are to do. I shall try my best, and leave the event to! the LORD." By the Marquis of Lansdowne, the me- lancholy intelligence is received, by Mr. Terry's family, of the death of a promising Australian, Mr. HENRY MARSH, Comman- der of a gun-brig in the Hon. East India Company's Service, which event occurred in December 1825, at Rangoon. Mrs. Terry is the surviving parent of the deceased, who was sincerely respected by all who enjoyed his acquaintance. Mr. Marsh, for very many years past, had been a commander and also owner in the Colonial service, and once com- manded the Government brig Elizabeth Henrietta. Tidings have also reached us, of the death, in the early part of this year, of Mr. ROBERT SAMUEL FIELDER, another Aus- tralian, in his 37th year. The deceased died in India, and was a Commander in the Ho- norable Company's Service. The Marquis of Huntley--that large ship--is completely loaded--brimful of colonial produce. Messrs. Raine and Ram- say are the charterers, and they will des- patch her for England by the 3d proximo. On Saturday morning, about 3 o'clock, an alarming fire broke out on a part of the premises belonging to Mr. John Redmond, George-street. It proceeded from a bake- house in the occupation of Mr. Girard, and, had it not providentially been perceived, the conflagration would have destroyed the adjoining out- houses, and likewise the in- mates must eventually have lost their lives. We find that the Monitor, in common with his dearly beloved coadjutor, the Aus- tralian, is troubling himself about matters in which he cannot be interested—unless he has a desire for the reported New Gazette. Each of our editorial Brethren have hopes, it is pretty clear, of our downfall, but whe- ther their ends will be successful, a short time must prove. In our next, however, as we are dragged so unfeelingly before the Public, we shall perhaps do ourselves common justice. 