"THE LAWYER'S DREAM," WRITTEN IN 1802; Published in a Volume of Poems in 1806, by Dr. Halloran. The business of the Courts was done; Despatch'd the dinner's genial meal; And slowly o'er the setting sun The shades of Eve began to steal: When 'Quitam' in his flannel gown, Red slippers and green velvet cap In cushioned elbow chair sat down, Intent to take his wonted nap. (Quitam, of all the legal class, Was then for shrewdness most in vogue; For tho' sharps reckon'd him an ass, Flats found him, to their cost,—a rogue!) Long time he mused on causes tried, And all the business of the day; While on the table, by his side, Th' unfinished 'port,' and parchments lay! At length his elbow- guest, 'old Nick,' On his left side appeared to rise; And, bent to play his friend a trick, Waved 'Morpheus' poppies o'er his eyes. The lawyer own'd the potent spell, Sunk back, arid soon began to snore; While Mammon, with a sulph'rous smell, Whip'd thro' the key-hole of the door! Echoed the boding night owls' screams, The fire burned bluer than before; And sullen, on the neighbouring Thames, Was heard to dash the frequent oar! When lo! beneath the lawyer's nose, (A scene, unform'd his mind to ease,) Incensed, the threat'ning forms arose Of clients—humbug'd of their fees! He sweats, he groans, with terror pale, As if the night mare's weight oppressed him; When, wielding a tremendous flail, An angry farmer thus address'd him. 'Why, dang it, Measter Lawyer Quitam, How is't, defendants gained the suit? Did you not swear, if I'd indict 'em, You'd get the cause, And costs to boot? How haps it then, false lying elf! That I've been fleeced, and hiss'd, and hooted:— And, while you pouched the gold—your- self,— Your client's ruined, and nonsuited! Sent I for this, each varying season, Geese, turkies, fowls, huge hampers, cram- ming; Whose ghosts shall rise, with bloody weazon, And plead in Court, to seal your damning! Meantime, (a truce with gifts and flattery,) And tho', mayhap, with oaths you'll threaten Your action of assault and battery, I'll gee thee, with my flail, a sweating!' His shadowy flail the farmer plied, Relentless, as if threshing bran, While Quitam winced, and writhed, and cried, Before the visionary man! This dreadful spectre scarcely fled, While yet his frame with terror shook; A direr phantom reared its head, A once fair sempstress,—'injured Suke!' She erst applied for Quitam's aid, And, blushing, told her tale of shame; And craved redress for faith betray'd, And perjured vows, and ruin'd fame! 'The cause is good,' the lawyer said, Bade her again her tale reveal; And swore,—'the wretch, who wrong'd the maid, Should soon the law's whole vengeance feel.' 'Twas pitiful,'—with well feigned sorrow, 'Twas wonderous pitiful,' he cried; Then bade his client 'call to-morrow,' And parting, pressed her hand, and sigh'd! She came, and went, and came compliant, Till every guinea was expended; While Quitam kiss'd, and soothed his client, And vow'd, 'her cause should soon be ended!' At length he gain'd his views upon her, And triumph'd o'er his wretched prey; Then cast her, spoil'd of gold, and honor, Just like a loathsome weed away! Now, with remorse, and horror stung, He sees her vengeful shade arise: Feels her keen needles pierce his tongue, And fiery bodkin sear his eyes! While thus his rest dire tortures mar, Sudden, by injured Susan's side, The spectre of a wounded tar Rose,—and in thundering accents cried! 'What ho! damn'd lawyer spawn of Satan! Has agent 'Nipcheese' settled yet? Hand up the rhino without prating, You swore, twelve months ago to get. What, blast your timbers! quick, break bulk;— While for yourself you have been carving Out of my rights,---a shatter'd hulk, I have been wounded, sick, and starving! Oh! ho! you shiver, sweat, and shrink, As tho' all hell against you lower'd! But fear not, only yield the chink, 'A sailor scorns to thresh a coward!' What, has he bilk'd you too my dear, Then if you only have tried one sort; From this cold blooded lubber sheer, And be an honest sailor's consort. And, if I once in tow shall take you, May I be wreck'd on some bleak rock; or, With this damn'd imp, when I forsake you, Be doomed to Davy Jones's locker!' Suke smiled assent, her grief dismissed, And grateful, offered thanks and praise; Jack o'er the lawyer shook his fist, And towed her off, with three huzzas! Sweating, and groaning in the dark, Lay Quitam, impotent to budge; When enter'd with a light, his clerk, 'A tall, lean, starv'd, quill driving drudge!' Soon as he viewed his wretched master, Distorted, as with deadly pain, He justly deem'd,--some dire disaster Convulsed his bowels,—or his brain! And flrst, he gently 'gan to shake him, Nor yet the unbroken spell give place; Till, more alarmed,—he dash'd--to wake him, The 'pot de chambre,'--in his face! The lawyer, roaring, dripping, swearing, With frantic haste the stairs descends: His angry conscience loud declaring, His course pursued by vengeful fiends! Such dreams the guilty minds encumber Of knaves, who cheated clients fleece; While, as good conscience soothes his slum- ber, 'An honest lawyer' sleeps in peace! 'An honest lawyer!' a black swan!* Pray, is not this poetic fiction? No, Sir! nor speak I but of one, Nor e'en to twenty make restriction! For, I have known above a score, Who value honor, more than fees; But, as for H——, W——, G——, I can't include them, among these! * In New South Wales the white swan appears to be the rara avis; the aborigines of the Cygnet species, as well as of the human race, wearing in Australia,'natures' sombre livery;' so that the apophthegm of the Latin poet may here be inverted: 'Rara avis in terris, alboque simillima cygno.' . We candidly c6nfess, >ve shall liotceasetourgetlieimpof tantsiit)- j ect ! bf Education iippfi 1 the AutlipH rities, and our Readers; generally, until we haVe made an impression, and until we have ' the satisfaction to see the r rising. -race irt a state'of safety..- ; Few;seemaware of the great claim s lyhich ; posterity , has nppn them; Tp neglect the education pf a child, js perhaps rto yisit with mi- sery, darkness, and sin, generations, descending till the end of time.—! That a People is happy or misera-l ble according to itsdntellrgencei is an. axiom, wnieh: should :be Written ip...m;the hallfof : everyRulei',; and the: room of , every, pAT.-.TiPWa-.QAZBTJT®. -fo ! 