AN ELEGY UNDER A GALLOWS; (Exemplifying by a real Catastrophe the fatal effects of "parental indulgence.") WRITTEN IN 1788, BY L. H. HALLORAN, D. D. The setting-sun black, sullen vapours shroud; Each moment darkens with a deeper shade, 'Night' mounts his throne, beset with storm and cloud, In awful pomp of tenfold gloom array'd. The Dæmons of the troubled air arise; Forth bursting from their caves the wild winds howl; Tremendous Meteors glare athwart the skies, From blasted oak loud screams the funeral owl. Terrors on terrors shock the daunted soul, While jarring elements conflicting clash; Cold burst the icy torrents from the Pole, Roars the big thunder's voice, and the blue lightnings flash. At that dread hour, impell'd by fear, and storms, Thro' the dun horrors of surrounding night The traveller hies; and oft his bosom warms, As busy fancy mocks his aching sight. And oft he checks his pace; and oft around Thro' the thick gloom he darts his eager ken; And oft with ear erect devours each sound, And seeks in vain the friendly haunts of men. In vain his anxious eye some lot explores, As o'er the dreary heath his footsteps wind; Around his head the ruthless tempest pours, And fear, and anguish press him close behind. And now, a blaze of lightning flashing bright, Aghast,—he views the awful 'Gibbet' near; And slowly rising from the neighb'ring height, The fancied forms of shadowy ghosts ap- pear! In airy circles while around they flit, And with shrill shrieks lament their fatal doom; Lo!, still attention on yon hillock sit, A hollow voice thus issuing from the tomb. 'Ye thoughtless many,' who from earliest youth 'The wayward paths of vice, and folly tread; Hear from the grave the sacred voice of truth, Nor scorn instruction from th' 'unhappy dead.' This barren spot, where 'legal victims' lie, With speed you pass, as groundless fears impel; Yet here, 'reflection,' with the thoughtful eye, And melancholy musing love to dwell. Here with swoln heart, the pensive mourner views Th' uncoffin'd victims in their cells beneath; Each varied scene while memory pursues From Iife's fair morning, to the 'tree of death!' Haply on these has some fond parent smil'd, And as he view'd with joy the blessing giv'n, Has pray'd th' Eternal 'oh! protect my child, And grant him virtue, happiness, and heaven!' For these, with sleepless eyes, and anxious breast, Has some fond mother nightly vigils kept; And, as she lull'd her infant charge to rest, Has smil'd with transport, and with transport wept! The harmless prattle of their lisping tongue With ears enraptur'd have their parents heard, Dissolv'd in tenderness have o'er them hung, And fancied plans of future fame uprear'd. Delusive fabric! on a base how frail Each flatt'ring hope of human bliss is built; Soon the young blossoms feel the noxious gale, By which example taints the soul with guilt. Launch'd on life's ocean, by how swift degrees Recede the shores of virtue's fairy realm; Scuds the light bark before the increasing breeze; Hope swells the sails, and Passion guides the helm. Here, syren Pleasure wooes with treach'rous charms, And Luxury presents the poison'd bowl; Ambition there th' aspiring bosom warms, Or pinching Avarice harrows up the soul! Here, Pride, with tow'ring front, affects the skies, And Envy there on her own vitals preys; Lo! wild Despair on earth extended lies, And mad Revenge his thousands blindly slays! Reason, the mind's "sheet-anchor," sadly lost The bark with every gust of passion veers; Till on the breakers of misfortune lost, She strikes upon a rock, and disappears! Thus in life's morning, with alluring Hope, We grasp the illusive shadows, that appear; And to our wishes give unbounded scope, Till sorrow meets us in our mid-career! On me, who thus in plaintive strains bemoan, In life's gay dawn deceitful fortune smil'd; Each bliss in fair perspective was my own, Of affluence the beIov'd, the only child! Lull'd in the lap of indolence, and ease, Pass'd the smooth tenor of my early days; While cruel fondness, prompt alone to please, Flatter'd my faults, or gave my vices, praise. Fatal indulgence warp'd the flexile mind, Eager to gratify each young desire; While Fancy sought, in varied vice, to find Those joys, that still at her approach re- tire! Unhappy parents of a hapless son! Convinc'd too late, you impotently strove To bend back habit in a wretch undone; Undone, alas! by your misguided love! In vain! the mind, unform'd to bear the yoke, Revolts against restraint, and spurns con- trol:— My mother's heart my lawless conduct broke: In bitter grief she breath'd away her soul! My father, thus of every hope deprived, His days to unavailing anguish gave: Not long this last affliction he survived: He sunk,--oppress'd with sorrow to the grave! Yet died he bless'd—unthought the horrid deed, \--A deed, which sickening nature view'd with dread; When to his wealth elated to succeed, With savage joy I triumph'd o'er the dead! Yes! lost to feeling,—lost to sense,--to thought, l view'd that venerable form, unmoved; And triumph'd in his death, whose only fault Was, "that too well his impious son he loved!" Mad with unsatisfied desires, I woo'd, Pleasure's embrace, from each defeat more warm; Thro' the wild Labyrinths of vice, pursued With frantic haste the visionary form! Thro' every crime, that dæmons could de- vise, Or human power accomplish, was I borne, Pursued by shame, th' abhorrence of the wise, The good man's pity, and the general scorn! But short my triumph—short the wretched date By righteous Heav'n to parricide assign'd: Vice soon consumed my health, and my estate, And left remorse, and poverty behind! Then felt my soul unutterable pain, While "angry conscience" made my breast a hell; Guilt, shame, remorse, despair, rage rack'd my brain: In evil hour by my own hand I fell! Too well is known my infamous career; The closing scene nor grief, nor pity draws; Unsought by friends, my wretched corpse lies here, With the less guilty victims of the laws! Needs this a comment? Does not reason tell To every mind, the moral of my fate! That when fond parents blindly love too well, "Excess of love may prove—the worst of hate!!!" 