LITERATURE. The Life and Corresppondencce of Major Cartwright. Edited by his niece, F. D. Cartwright, 2 voIs. 8vo. Nobody can skim these volumes without a deep conviction of the thorough honesty of Major Cart- wright. Honesty is the distinguishing characteristic of the man, coupled with a gentleman that nothing could ruflle, an undauntedness that power never ap- ( pulled, and an ardour thal age itself did not chill. His . activity is equally remarkable; nothing thal con- cerned the great and general interests of society, immediately or remotely, escaped his notice, or fuih'd of engaging his exertions--sometimes impolentlv, hut always vigorously. Ii was not merely the subject of reform, that drew forth the energies' of snob a mau for more than half a century. He has been marked hy Haslitt among his one-idea men ; b"t never truly, was any man's mind more vaiiously occupied. The'ques tion of reform was «ith him a leading one, hut only a ?' leading, notan excluding one. No opportunity was . lost by him of pushing the caine, but thisnelhiiy was the result of the watchf Iness of his zi al The subject might, and did occasionally sleep, and bul for Iii m would, perhaps, have slept for ever; hut in the intervals, he was not a w nil les« ardent in other mai leis of (¡rent national importai,ce. Confessedly he laboured diligently and perseveringly from li ist to lust, in the cause of reform ; and what'good has lie done ? None actually ; hut who will say, none potentially ? By his exertion it is, that the exigencies of r< foi m are* now 'generally understood, and, we may add, generally ncknowle<>ed by every ii'ibiassed and intelligent mail in the kingdom. By his exertions, it is loo, that the existing impediments have been so thoroughly ex- posed. The wny is paved for its easy, and perhaps speedy accomplishment. * Four years in France, S¡c. i¡c,y 1 Vol. large 8vo. 1820. This is a very curious book. It is wiittenby a gentleman of advanced age, who, aeeoinpan ed by his family, resided for four years in Fiante, anil princi- pally at Avignon. It appeared that he had taken Priest's orders in the Church of England, but that his religious opinions afterwards underwent so important a change, as to induce him to renounce the Protestant Faith, and to he rebaptized iii that of the Church of Rome. He believes that visible revelations nie occa- sionally made by the beings of another world to the inhabitants of this; and gives an account of two instances in which he himself experienced such mi- raculous intimations.--There is nothing to be said on subjects like this. It cannot be doubted thal the author, who appears to lie a man of good failli and sense, either did see, or fancied that he did see, the tilings he relates--and which ol' these two things happens to be true must be perfectly indifferent to every body: besides no mancan propcily lie said to believe in the ghosts which another mau has ,een, and no mau eau be pursuaded out of the reality of those which he thinks he bas himself sein. The work con- tains some very useful information on the advantages or disadvantages of a Continental residence. Dramatic Writing.-«Mr. Reynolds gives an ac- count of his gains as a dramatic author, during a life of 40 years, in which he laboured without inter- mission ; and, besides producing plays, was "maid of all work" for nine years of the period.-" Having (he says) adopted this precarious profession befoie I was 19 and pursued it willi industry and perseverance till 60; and having annually produced one or two pieces, almost all of which were successful, it i» true that 1 hr.ve received from theatres a sum hitherto un- equalled in the history of dramatic writing-namely, above 19.000/. * Oh"! oh I-then, after all, you aie really lue rich Mr. Reynolds I'-say the splenlic. By your leaves, gentlemen; perhaps, you will he kind enough lo remember what the late Loid Kenyon said, -* An author's is a sort of hand to mouth profession.' . At least, I found it so from woeful expeiieuce; for, , having lost almost the whole of my hereditaiy, I was compelled to support myself, and wife, and children, principally, on my theatrical income ; which, when it , is recollected that 19,000/. was the sole gain of for ty long laborious years, will be found to be of no very ,rèduhdant nature."-Now, when ii is considered ,' 'that Mr. Reynolds, whatever may have been his merits,enjoyed, during his career, greater success, and received much greater emolument than most, per . haps than any, of his competitors, his Memoirs will be found to contain that which of all things we least ex ' pected to have found in them-a moral. They tench ' all idle young men about town that, of all the ruinous enterprises they can venture upon, dramatic compo- sition is the most fatal, and point out, as eleni ly as possible, that none of the many traps which the Devil ays for persons of their class ure so earnestly to be avoided by them as jike-huuting and farce-writing. - Times. Napoleon and the Crew of the Bellerophon. After he had quitted the ship, being desirousto know the feeling of the ship's company towards him, I asked my servant what the people said of him. " Why, Sir," he answered, " I heard several of them con- versing together about him this morning, when one of them observed, "Well, they may abuse that man as much as they please, but if the people of England knew him as well as we do, they would not hurt a hair of his head :--in which the others agreed."--This was the more extraordinary, as he never went through the ship's company but once, immediately after his com ' iug on board, when I attended him, and he did not speak to any of the men, merely returning their sa- lute by pulling off his hat ; and in consequence of his presence they suffered many privations, such as not being allowed to see their wives and friends, or to go on shore, having keep watch in port, &c; and when he left the ship, the only money he distributed was 20 Napoleons to my steward, 15 to one of the under servants, and 10 to the cook. -Narrative of Captain Maitland. Real Passion.--A thorough fitness for any end implies the means. Where there is a will there is a wuy. A real passion, au entire devotion to au object, always succeeds. The strong sympathy with what we wish and imagine realizes it, d:ssi pules all obstacles, mid removes all scruples. The disappointed lover may complain as much as he pleases : he was himself to blaine. Ile was a half-wilted, wishy-washy ft How. His love,might be as great as he ni.ikes it out ; hut it was not his ruling passion, His fear, his pride, his vanity was greater. Let any one's whole soul be steeped iii this passion ; let bim think and care for no- thing else; let nothing divert,cool,or intimidate bim; let the ideal feeling become an actual one, and take tiossessioii of his whole faculties, look, and manner ; et the same voluptuous hopes and wishes govern his 'actions in the presence of his mistress that haunt his fancy in her absence, and I will answer for his suc- cess ; but I will not answer for the success of " a dish of skimmed milk" in such a case.-Hazlitt's Table Talk. FECUNDITY OF VEGETABLES.—A singular plant of Turkey corn hears 3000 seeds ! the sun-flower 4000 ! the poppy 32,000 ! and tobacco 40,320 ! Mr. Butterworth's death is said to have been owing to his head being exposed uncovered to the powerful heat during the Dover election. It will be recorded as a singular fact, that in the summer of the year 1826, so severe was the drought, that public prayers were offered up in most of the churches and chapels of England, for rain, in the midst of the hay harvest. TRAGEDY AND COMEDY.— In comedy, the plot turns on marriage ; in tragedy, it turns on murder. The whole intrigue, in the one and the other, turns on this grand event—Will they marry ? will they not marry? Will they murder ? will they not murder ? There will be a marriage—there will be a murder ; and this forms act the first. There will be no mar- riage—there will be no murder; and this gives birth to act the second. A new mode of marrying and of murdering is prepared for the third act. A new diffi culty impedes the marriage or the murder, which the fourth act discusses. At length the marriage and the murder are effected for the benefit of the last act.— Rousseau. Imposture and Credulity.-Ann Hill, a coarse old woman, aged 63, was eli urged willi bavin»- at different limes stopped Mary Anne Body, put her in bodily fear, and stolen from her 3*. with articles of «earing apparel. Mary Anne Body, a remarkably pretty gill, Kniil, she was now about eighteen year« of ago, and was in service as nursemaid, lu January a «rill told her that the prisoner codld tell her fortune. She went lo the pi isolier, who told her, thal she was to go a journey, and would then see a nice yoting man, who would he liersweelheart. The prisoner then gave her sunu-lliing wrapped up in paper, telling lier to keep ¡Isafe, and return it to her uu-opeued. She.then gave prisoner Is. Some days after she went hack to the prisoner, who opened the paper, and poured some charm out of a bottle in it, and then said she would bring the nice young mau to see her. Some days alter, they met in the street, and the prisoner said, some woman must have touched the paper, and the «hole charm should be performed again. She should have \s.i')d in the mean lime. Witness gave her that, and li. (¡(/. more, and then lind another piece ol'paper, which she kept carefully and returned. She nftcr wards gave the prisoner several sums of 3s. and 2*. and 2s. Cul. and an apron and a white shawl. This shawl, the prisoner said, was lo he cut in twain, and half sent to the young mau. She afterwards gave a gown mid pair of stockings, which latter, the pri- soner enid, v\as to be given toa young woman, who was to bring tlio youngman. She afterwards gave another gown, which prisoner said was to pay her ex pences in going to the young man. Under the hope of having her fortune told, and under the threats of evil con- sequences if she refused ; witness afterwards gave pri- soner three aprons, two pair ol' stockings, a pair ol' hoots, a shift, and several other articles. She always told « ituess the 3 oung mun was coming to Malmsbury, hut she never saw him. She afterwards extorted a ni us! i 11 frill from her, under threats that she would do something to her preventing her moving hand 01 fool. On the 81 li of March, prisoner came, and said the young tuan was icady, and wanted to see her. She went to prisoner's house, but the young mau was gone away. Having no money to give, she Aas seized by the prisoner, who said she should not leave the house lill she got something. Prisoner then took lier flannel petticoat off her (witness's) person, and said, if she said a word about it, she would disable her foin moving hand or foot.-In reply to several applications nfter this, witness told prisoner she had no more to give. ¡She had all her money and all her clothes, and no young man came after nil. The pri- soner then said tlie voting man would come, and he had already sent a letter, which she gave witness, and which the prisoner had got written for the purpose of deception. Some of the clothes were found in consequence of a search warrant --The prisoner was found Guilty, and sentence of Death recorded. St. Swithin, Bishop of Winchester, died July 15th, 86-2, and was buried at Winchester, in the churcii-yard. His grave was soon marked as peculiarly efficacious to thé suffering Christians, and miracles out of num- ber were recorded to have been wrought hy his holy remains. Such an extensive benevolence became the theme of universal praises : nu order was obtained to remove the holy relics into the choir, as better suiting their merits; and a solemn procession was appointed to grace the ceremony. A most violent rain- shower, however, fell on the destined day, and continued for thirty-uiue others, without intermission: ¡n conse- quence of which, the iden of a removal was aban- doned, as displeasing to St. Swithin. Hence the vulgar adage, that when rain falls on St. Swithin's day, it lasts forty days. " Experience, however," says Mr. Brady, " has amply shown, that whenever a wet season sets in about the end of June to the middle of July, at which time the heat of the sun is usually the most intense", it generally continues to nearly the end of the summer, when the action of that orb has considerably abated; the rain affording matter for exhalation, always naturally the strongest at the hottest period of the year, and those exhalations yielding in return matter for rain."- Creí/«/t/¿r of our Forefathers. Cowardice op Tyranny.- The Teutonic tyrants, who haveat present the military occupation of the North of Italy, are so conscious of their weakness, and ac- knowledge with so much frankness thal it is the duty of all other nations to assist in turning them out, that they will not permit a stranger to enter the Lombardo Venetian Kingdom unless his passport has been signed by an Austrian Minister. 1 complied with this form at Berne, and sent my passport to the Ambassador, ti (¡it his master, the great Creoiir, might have due notice of my intention to enter the Milanese, hat I should rush upon his troops unexpectedly from the height of the Semplon, and clear Italy of ils oppressors with my umbrella. So »real is the cowardice of Tyranny ! Journal of a Traveller on the Continent : London Magazine. London and Engmsiimen.---Nothing can be more surprising than the contrast presented by London to a traveller at a lirst view; the monotonous regu- larity of some quarters of this city, which is quite spa cious, clean, and uniform ; and the dirt and darkness of several others; the incredible activity of an in- numerable crowd of people who are running about the streets; the sorrowful gravity which reigns on every face; the brilliancy of the illuminations at Vauxhall, and in the public gardens ; the silence of that mul- titude of walkers, who seem to frequent balls and assemblies mure with a view of making each other miserable than for amusement; the perpetual movement of an immense popu- lation on working days; the solitude and dullness which succeed on Sundays; the licentiousness of elections, the fre- quency of riots, the facility with which order is restored in Hie name of the law; the respect shown to the constituted authorities; the abuse that is lavished, and the stones thrown at men in power ; the profound selitimcnt of civil equality ; the maintenance of the most ridiculous feudal customs; the boldest philosophy, and the most obstinate intolerance per sisted in towards the Catholics; the admiration accorded, and unlimited honours tendered to talents and merit of every kind, and yet, an almost exclusive esteem for wealth ; finally, a boundless ardour for every enjoyment, and almost an in. finable ennui for all the pleasures of life. Such are only n part of the singularities which distinguish these proud islanders, a people apart from the rest of the world, and whose manners, characters, inclinations, qualities, and defects, so totally differ from those of other nations, that they seem to be a separate community amidst the great European family, and which has, for many centuries, retained and preserved a stamp, which is distinct and indelible,-Memoir» of Cowie Segur. An Egg within an Egg.---However strange suenan instance of nature's frolic may appear, a curiosity of this description is now. in our possession -Stirling Journal. Fxtraordinary Indifferkncr.-A man named Docenl was lately tried at Nantes on a charge of mur- der. The evidence made a great impression, mid a majority of the Jury returned n verdict of guilty; but the Judges having some doubt of it, joined them- selves to the minority, and thus acquitted the prisoner, Doceul was. fast asleep when the verdict of acquittal was pronounced. Ile was awakened by force, mid apprised of it!-This mau, we suppose, had be been found guilty, would, like (he ruffian in Skakspeare, have refused to " get up and be hanged," on the plea that " he was sleepy." Felicity. - Dr. Parr, visiting a country gentleman, re- quested permission to preach to his congregation, which his friend consented to, on condition that he adapted the language of his sermon, to the illiterate capacities of his parishioners, and thal be used no hard words A'ter the sermon was over, Dr. Parr asked his friend, whether he had not strictly com- plied with the conditions. The other replied that he bad used several words beyond the comprehension of his bearers, and instanced the word felicity, for which he would have substituted happines». Dr. Parr contended that one word was as plain as the other'; mid to prove it, proposed calling in the ploughman, and putting it to bim ; which was done. " Well Robin, do you know the meaning of the word felicity ? " " lies, Sir," I thinks as how (does." " Well, Hobin, speak up." " Why, Sir, 1 doesn't kuow disactly, but I thinks it's soment inside of a pig " In the couise of a case lately, the Vice.-Cliancellor said, 'any security given by a member of a firm on his own private account, could not bind the other members of the firm without their consent.' A few.days ago, the degree of Doctor of Medicine was conferred, by the University of Edinburgh, on HBgeutle meii-This is doctor-making by wholesale I The Swedish government intends to have no consulate at Malta in future, bul lo place that island under the consulate of Gibraltar, Duels.- Early on the morning of Thursday se'nîght a meeting took place at Rath, near Tralee, between R. Collickson, of Fermoyle, Esq. and B. Thompson, Esq. of that town, when, after an exchange of one shot each, their friends inter- fered, mid the adair terminated to the satisfaction of all parties. A very bad case was last week brought forward at one of the Public Oflices, of a servant quitting her place suddenly without giving notice. A similar case occurred lately lo some friends of ours, and we know of one instance where a young woman having been seduced, after living in a res- pectai) e family for seven years, quitted her master's house one morning without «aying one word of her intentions. lu large families, and especially where they are children, such conduct is likely to produce great ¡ucoinenience. Hut neither servants nor their employers are, we apprehend, generally aware, that misconduct in their situations by the former and abruptly leaving their service is punishable not only by im- prisonment, hut curtailment of wages. This is expressly euacted bj Stat. 4, Geo. IV. cap. 34, sec. 3. 