Shipping intelligence. On Monday last arrived the brig Ann, Captain Grimes. She left Timor the 2d of March, Melville Island the 14th of April, and King George's Sound the 22d of May. The sailing of the Rosanna and Mary Hope is deferred till to-morrow. The Governor Arthur is announced to sail, for Port Dalrymple, on the 17th inst. Owing to the severe indisposition of the Editor, a most unfortunate and aukward error occurred in our lengthy leader of ' Monday last. At the end of the last pa- ragraph but one, in the fourth column, instead of the conclusion being thus "lency's Predecessor," it should have terminated thus-" lency's Predecessor, and for the cause of Truth and Free- dom;" whereas the clause, which is in italic, most ridiculously concludes the last paragraph of the article, which goes to render our labours complete nonsense. Our Readers however, will be good enough to ascribe this error to the catarrh, though we would rather have a dozen visitations of the distressing kind, than auch another senseless mistake. COURT OF REQUESTS.—A Gentleman of the name of Mackey, who is pretty well known as the partner of Mr. John Dickson, of the Steam Engine, a few days since re- lated to us the following circumstances : In Dickson and Co's employ there's a cer- tain apprentice, named Patrick Hayes, somewhere about 16 years old. This lad took it into his head, some months ago, to hire a horse of a man in town, for the pur- pose of visiting the interior, and was absent two days. When he returned, the owner of the horse complained that he had over-rode and otherwise ill-used the animal, and that it would be long before he would again be fit for service. The youth replied, that he could bring forward proof of the gentle way in which he rode and treated the ani- mal, and that the horse was far from being in a sound state, indeed quite unfit to un- dertake a journey—and here the point at issue apparently terminated. In a few months, however, the apprentice (Hayes) was presented with a bill of £19 odd, on account of the loss of service of the said animal, and the attendance of the veteri- nary surgeon, &c.; This bill, as well it might be, if all that we have heard be cor- rect, was only met with a smile ; but the owner of the horse, fully bent on some pay- ment of some kind or other, suddenly re- duced his bill to such a convenient amount as to enable him to bring it into the Court of Requests. The action was accordingly brought, and the cause was set down, we un- derstand, on Thursday, last, as the 178d. Mr. Mackey, aware of the powerful defence that could be maintained, independent of the minority of the apprentice, which is an effectual bar to all such actions, undertook to accompany the defendant to the New Court-house, wherein the learned Commis- sioner and soi-disant friend of Mr. Mackey, was the first that had the honour of pre- siding in that seat of justice, though we must confess we had much rather have seen the Judges of the Supreme Court assume to themselves such dignity. Mr. Mackey was in attendance in the course of the fore- noon, whilst the Commissioner was des- patching his causes with his characteris- tic rapidity, and on ascertaining that young Hayes' cause was at least one hun- dred causes distant, consulted with Mr. Registrar Hunt, as to the probable time of its being called on, when he was given to understand, that it could not but be late in the day. Mr. Mackey then enquired of Mr. Hunt whether two o'clock would be time enough ? He was answered in the af- firmative, and he then retired. Fearful, however, that something might intervene, which would prevent him from being in the Court precisely at two, Mr. Mackey, with his usual precaution, contrived to return to the scene of action at half-past one. After he had been some minutes forming one amongst the mob that surrounded the Com- missioner, for there was no such thing as silence in our opinion attainable, Mr. Mackey was told by the Registrar that the cause, in which the boy was defendant had been heard, and a verdict given by His Honor to the full amount claimed ! Then the honest and indignant ire of the Scotch- man became fearfully pourtrayed, and with some feelings of respect, but more, cer- tainly, of astonishment, he fearlessly ven- tured to address the Court. He gave the Commissioner to understand that his Re- gistrar had informed him of the fact we have already stated, namely, that two o'clock would be quite time enough, whereas then it was scarcely half-past one—that he was armed with evidence to disprove the claim of the plaintiff, and to shew that it was a case of hardship—and that, moreover, the defendant was a minor ! But the most powerful appeal that ever came from one of Scotia's sons, was idle wind, and a waste of words, upon the inflexible mind of the learned Commissioner, who was pleased to intimate, in pretty broad terms, that no new trial could be granted, because the defendant should have been there in time. With true national perseverance, and with a zeal and prudence every way worthy of him, after counselling with a friend or two upon the subject, Mr. Mackey did himself the ho- nour of calling at the Commissioner's quar- ters, the next morning, when an audience was obtained. "Well, Mackey !" "Well, Holland !" were the reciprocal terms used by each party, upon coming in contact, and then Mr. Mackey recapitulated his grievances of the previous day, praying that they might be remedied. The Commissioner told him he had no power to afford any relief, and that he could not give a new trial. Mr Mackey then indistinctly let some words escape him in reference to the Supreme Court, when the Commissioner immediately commenced retreating in a bowing attitude, until His Honor disappeared amongst the apartments. Some intelligent advice was afterwards given to Mr. Mackey, by a Gen- tleman connected with the Courts, the re- sult of which was, that Mr. Wentworth was retained, and we have no doubt, when the affair is brought into the Supreme Court, that the judgment of the inferior Court will very quickly meet with the fate which it merits. Such is the narrative ; now for a few re- marks. If this were the first case that had given cause of dissatisfaction in the public mind, or if it were likely to be the last, we should, indeed, be most unwilling to offer a syllable on the subject ; but we think it a part of our public duty to represent grievances whenever, wherever, and in whom- soever they may be found. We have no feeling of personal ill-will to Mr. Hol- land, but, nevertheless, we must incur the risk of such an imputation, rather than forego what we think an act of justice to the Public whom we serve—and serve, per- haps, as extensively as Mr. Holland. Could not the Commissioner, in the case above stated, have granted a new trial, upon the ground of the defendant having been taken by surprise ? Could he not have granted a new trial upon the plea of the defendant being a minor ? And, although he might be unwilling or incompetent to give a new trial, at the instance of the defendant, was it not competent in him, the Commissioner, upon a fair view of the case, to refuse is- suing execution, and, in so doing, compel the plaintiff, upon reasons being assigned, to commence another action ? If the Com- missioner had only, at the moment, recol- lected that he was not bound to confine him- self strictly to the letter of the law, his Court being a Court of conscience, as well as of law, what power was there to interrupt or obstruct so just a proceeding ? Could the Commis- sioner, after he was informed that the de- fendant was a minor, legally affix his judicial signature to an execution against the body of a defendant, when that defendant was a minor, and when the debt was not even in- curred for the necessaries of life ? We think he could not. Under the whole of the circumstances, therefore, we regret that the Commissioner abstained from exercising a little obstinacy on the other side, and "To do a great right, do a little wrong;" as, in such case, we should have been the fore- most, and perhaps the loudest, in our com- mendations. But this is not the only ano- maly in the public character of Mr. Hol- land, to which we must, on the present oc- casion, object. It becomes a stranger, and more particularly a high public Function- ary, upon his arrival on these shores, as the saying is, to "look before he leaps," or, to adopt the motto of the Prince of English Naturalists, and "take nothing upon trust." Now we are very sorry to find, and still more sorry to see, such a course persisted in, or that Mr. Holland should have suffered himself to he imposed upon, through his overflowing urbanity, and absence of due discrimina- tion, by individuals who would have no ob- jection to seize the arm of the first Per- sonages in the State, and most familiarly shake hands with them, if they were not met with a proper repulse. Whether the simple fact, which we have stated, has engendered disrespect towards the Commissioner's Court we are not prepared to say, but really there seems a necessity for some reformation in the auditory of the Court of Requests ; for, we feel assured, those who were present on Thursday last, will recollect that the Com- missioner had to give encreasing energy to his lungs, so that his voice might obtain the pre-eminence. This we also advert to for Mr. Holland's information, in order that the tipstaffs may receive proper direc- tions to enforce something like respect in the hall of justice, particularly when the Court is sitting. These remarks, we are aware, may be censured for their imperti- nence, but at this we feel no concern, so that some good is wrought.; since we hope, in time, to witness as much order and solemnity in the Court of Requests, as any other Court in the Colony ; and, in fact, we are surprised that such has not been long the case, for we are satisfied, none is more jealous of his judicial honours, and no doubt properly so, than the Commissioner of the Court of Requests. Mr. Holland should be pleased to recollect a circumstance that we had almost forgot- ten to mention, that, during the legal admi- nistration of his two Predecessors, we do not remember the expression of any dissatisfac- tion ; and as for troubling the Supreme Court, the suitors would almost as soon have dreamt of going to Heaven. Whether such is the fact at the present day, or whe- ther it is not, we will not attempt to decide, since we always wish the Public to draw their own inferences. Ere we conclude these strictures, however, perhaps we may as well express our opinion as to the very important post of Commissioner of the Court of Requests. That Court, insignificant as it may sound abroad, ftom its convenience to the Colonial interests, is growing in im- portance every month, since it is well known that there were nearly 250 causes disposed of the other day, in the town of Sydney alone. The process is so expeditious, the expence (thanks to the Chief Justice) so very trifling, and the proceedings conse- quent on the verdict so prompt, that the merchants and traders in general, admiring the simplicity and despatch of the arrange- ments, are induced the more readily to credit a certain class, under the specified sum, well knowing that they have their remedy, almost instanter, and therefore, credit is more easily obtained, and the bulk of the population much better accommo- dated; so that, in fact, the wealth of the Colony may be said to be in Zodaical mo- tion through the Court of Requests. From all that we have embodied in these remarks, the Commissioner of the Court of Requests will doubtless feel the necessity of studying to afford more universal satisfac- tion, and by rigidly adhering to the harmoniz- ing admixture of law and equity, pave the way, at some future day, should he continue in office long enough, to that degree of po- pularity, which the really meritorious and impartial Public Character cannot fail of securing :—but none other. Our old friend, Capt. GRIMES, we hear, to the pleasing astonishment of all his coun- trymen and well-wishers, and particularly to the gratification of his long desponding and amiable wife, has once more safely reached the desired haven, where we sup- pose he will now be prevailed upon to rest his bones, and no mere trust to the dangers of the treacherous deep. It appears that this Australian skipper, instead of making his way back with the ponies as was expected, took it into his head to run no less than three trips for the good pleasure of the Melville Island Government, between that Colony and the island of Timor, at which latter place, we are sorry to announce, that Capt. Grimes lost his second officer, Mr.George Greenaway, [Greenway] and eldest son of Mr. Greenaway, [Greenway] , the Architect. The Ann, brings to the Colony, out of 134 origi- nally on board, 73 Acheen ponies- so that we may expect to behold, as soon as the catarrh subsides, ponies here, and ponies there, and ponies every where. A quantity of seal skins and bees' wax, together with 12 sealers and three females, that were taken off King George's Sound, where they had been deposited for two years and upwards, constitute the residue of the cargo. The sealers and the women, we hear, belonged to the Hunter and Brisbane, out of these ports. Melville Island was all well. The Isabella, Government vessel, may not be expected for these two months, as she was just des- patched to Timor for a cargo of eatables for Melville Island produces nothing in that way itself. We are sorry for the severe loss Mr. Greenaway's family has sustained ; and yet we rejoice that Capt. Grimes has re- turned in any shape. It is said that Raine and Ramsay are not displeased. We deny, in the most unequivocal 'man- ner, that the Gazette ever made such a statement as is so falsely imputed ¡to it, by the lost Monitor, namely, 2that of the free man tried for felony and misdemeanor at the bar of our Supreme Criminal Court, the greater part were emancipatist." We should be glad to know where ihe Monitor finds such as assertion as this ? The whole amount, as we take it, of our remark on the subject, "had this extent, and no more," that it was not true, as put forth by the Gleaner "that, in proportion to the respective num- ber of emigrauts and emancipists in this Colony, three of ihe former have been ar- raigned at the bar of the Criminal Court, for owe of the latter." This was what we stated, and what we new repeat ; but, does it follow, as a consequence from the denial, that we have made the affirmation which is alleged by the Monitor f We have never yet heard, or known, that, because a given proposition is wrong, its exact converse must be right ; and yet such is the assump- tion of thie sapient and logical Editor, or else he asserts what he knows to be untrue. We have already given our opinion as to the impolicy, nay, the impropriety of invi- dious observations of this nature, and we shall not here insult the understanding of our Readers, for a repetition of arguments in proof of our view of the question at issue, which must occur to the mind of every true Colonist. Why are such topcis agi- tated at the present day ? Upon what oc- casion have they been called for ? We say, it «an be but for one'reason, to stir up the expiriug embers of discontent, and to gra- tify the uncharitable feelings of some men, who, in a community not distracted by in- testine jars, would dwindle into their pris- tine insiguificanre. We refer our Readers to Mr. Paul's ad- vertisement, which appears in our front page to-day, for the conditions of the sale which will take place on the 21st instant. "An injudicious friend is often more mis- I chievous than a real enemy." This is a truism worthy of the Editor of the Gleaner -one which he has manifested, and con- tinues more or less to manifest in every number of his publication. We will not stop here to prove this fact, but will leave the simple statement for himself to digest in the best way he can, not in the least doubt- ing that those whom he has condescended to befriend, by his loose statements and fal- lacious reasonings, will find out its truth soon enough to their sorrow. We remember in a fable of its being stated, that a fellow joined in the cry of "stop thief !" in order to escape detection, as himself had been the rogue all the while. The moi al which we draw from this is as obvious as the fable itself-some men are in the habit of accusing othersof that of which themselves are guilty, in order to be screened from the scrutiny which would inevitably be directed towards them. This is precisely the case with the Gleaner in his last number, and he may rest assured that we do not envy him the paltry subterfuge to which we conceive he has had recourse. We, however, wish him all tlie benefit he deserves for this admirable exer- cise of his ingenuity, while we proceed to analyse a few of the sophisms with which his last leading article, purporting to be a reply to some of our remarks in a prece- ding number, abounds. In these remarks we manifested every disposition to treat him with courtesy, and in the expectation, of course, of meeting with similar treatment, but because he has departed from this plan, by charging us with "blundering" and disengenuity" we will not, like the Aus tralian, desert our post, but, if pushed, will rap the Gleaner's knuckles with his own weapons. His present buffoonery, by making wry faces at us, m the course of his illogical declamation, we will pass over for the pre- sent, but let him "Be«nrethe next! he may incur asmnrling !" The cases, which he has embodied in his leading article, he has "conducted with more zeal than discretion-with more ver- bosity than sound argument"--as his cli- ents will soon be convinced ; and although we will Keep in reserve, as it may be re- quired, the retaliation of the charge of dis mgenuity, which he has indecently and un provokedly applied to us, we will set him another example of good breeding, hoping that he may improve by it, in concluding our remarks on the cause which we think he has injudiciously and erroneously es- poused. If this have no effect, he may find to his cost that, in place of encountering the claws of the bear, he has been all ulong under the merciful paws of the lion. That we did challenge the Gleaner's ac- cusation of Mr. John Thomas Bigge we admit, and that we now leave the Editor to use his own discretion in accepting or refusing our challenge, is no less true, but let him beware, in making his choice, of in- volving himself in a dilemma from which he will not easily extricate himself. We are willing to caution the Gleaner against making self appear to be the predominant principle, as we do assure him, in a friendly way, that he will not come off vt ith the best imaginable grace. The Commissioner of Enquiry hatf his failings, but he had suffi- cient virtues to counterbalance .them, and upon the whole we are disused to believe, that, all circumstances considered, he was the real friend to the Colonists. In reference to the system of sending the prisoners indiscriminately into the country, the Gleaner has again replied to us with his usual ability and success, pointing out a b'essed way by which the characters of pri- soners sent to this country may be ascer- tained by the Colonial Government. His» exquisite plan is to take the testimony of the Surgeon and Commander of the vessel, by which they may be conveyed, and as- sures his Readers that former Governors suffered themselves to be guided by such representations, which, however, we flatly deny, with the exception of a few instances -and only a few-and in these interest did more than the characters of the individuals. Specious villains were sometimes separated from the rabble, but we can see no reason why a prisoner who has lived genteelly should merit greater indulgence than one who has moved in a more vulgar sphere. Men, too, who have come to the Colony with property which they had acquired, some by their crimes, and others in a different way, have, in foi mer times, been selected as objects of indulgence, while theyjustly me- rited the severest infliction of the law. This was a great evil, and would still exist were the Gleaner's suggestions to be adhered to. JE very body knows that a rich knave has a thousand ways of glossing over his conduct, while the wretch, who is immersed in poverty, has not one. Against such gross injustice the new system will be justly le- velled. We must state, .however, that the recommendation of Surgeons and Comman- ders of the prison ships will not be over- looked, but, on the contrary, will be taken into the account with the subsequent con- duct of the prisoners, and that rich and poor among them will be.treated alike ; so to this it cannot be objected that there is any defi- ciency of justice. At the utmost, however, the testimony of the Surgeon and Captain can be of littlejmportance, as far as personal observation can go, for in four months' ex- perience, which is the utmost period in ge- neral that prisoners are under their charge, it is impossible to make any thing like a fair estimate of the character ot one man, and much less of 200, in a place, too where there is scarcely an opportunity for its develo pe- inent. To suppose that any thing like a correct j udgment could be formed of such . number of men, in such a short space of time, is an absurdity which might suit the wild imagination of the Gleaner, but of no other person of ordinary experience in the world. However we will make this matter so plain, that it will be impossible for the most determined blunderer to err. Say that a ship has SOO prisoners on board; and that the passage to this country is made in one third of a year, which is About 121 days, l8 hours, and 16 minutes, then let it be sup- posed that one-half of this period is con- sumed by the prisoners in sleep, or at least that they are from .under the observation of either the Surgeon or Captain, then there will remain no more than about 1461 hours to sfndy the characters of 200 men, and the j time divided by this number, leaves for iA study of each prisoner's character, about seven hours eighteen minutes ! ! ! Ignorant calculators and " disengenuous" scribblers do not take time to consider that such expo- sures as these will be made-exposures whit h are at least disgraceful to their judgment, even granting that their motives were cor- rect. Gravely to urge, that His Excel- lency should be guided in his conduct towards a prisoner necause two mtn have studied his character for about seven hours and a quarter, is a much more monstrous ab- surdity than lo propose that a disciple of Gall and Spurzheim should report the par- ticular bumps upon the skulls of the priso- ners, and that the Governor should dis- pose of them from the evidence which these reports would afford. In speaking of the rustication of the prisoners the Gleaner says, "why are not all prisoners, without excep- tion, subjected to the same experiment? Why is a large number retained in Sydney, in the employment of Government ? Is it equitable to impose a burden on the public of which the Authorities refuse to bear their proportion?" The last of these questions is certainly a modest one, but we will let that pass and reply to the other two. Although the public had an equal claim with the Au- j thorities upon the services of the prisoners sent to these Colonies (and the Gleaner well knows the public have no claim at all) lhere is nothing whatever inequitable in keeping the usual and necessary quantity for Go- vernment labour in Sydney, and sending the residue into the country, which would be no burden upon the people here, but, on the contrary, a positive act of justice to those who reside in the country. The former from being associated together are much better able to pay for the -labour of free meu than the up-country residents who have to tia\el many miles at a great expense, before they can bring their produce into the market. So that .at best the prison labour is merely transferred to those who most require it, while the Colony at large will be finally benefitted by the exchange. This fact is so plain, that we will not en latgeupon it, but leave it to the considera- tion of those who may have entertained dif- ferent views upon the subject. In lact we do not doubt that the Gleaner himself, wed- ded as he may be to his own opinions, will feel convinced that the plan of rusticating the prisoners, is not only just, but highly expedient for forwarding the true interests of the Colony. Having established this po- sition, we will next proceed slightly lo advert to the question of how far it may be proper to retain a eertain number of the pri- soners in the service of the Government in Sydney, as regards their moral improve- ment, and, upon the whole, we ronsider this to be a necessary evil, but one which has originated certainly with the Home Go- vernment. There are two things, however, to be observed in discussing this question, and with 'those who nre disposed to exercise candour, they will have their due weight. If prison labour be an advantage, then the Government, by secutiuga portion of it to themselves, lessen the burden which would otherwise be incurred by the public to defray the expense that would be requisite to employ free labourers. It will be seen, therefore, that this question is easily met. The next thing then to 'be consideted is the positive disadvantage which the prisoner himself sustains in being employed in town. Upon this we would remark, that, being under the immediate inspection of vigilant overseers, he can rarely have any opportuni- ties of returning to his old habits, and thus, by being comptll a proper couree of conduct, he has every chance of being confirmed -in this habit. On the other hand were he assigned to a family in town, he would have thousands of opportunities of committing ernie-in fact temptations to do so, which he would not find it easy to resist. We grant that the temptation may be equally great to the Crown labourer, yet the opportunities are widely different; .and here a question sug- gests itself which may be worthy of some consideration-May not the frequent expo- sure to temptation, without the power to gratify it, in process of time do away with the excitement altogether? We will not discuss this question at present, but we may reserve it for some future occasion, should any of our contemporaries think fit to enter the lists with us. To conclude, we are glad to learn that the Gleaner's ¿hannels of Colo- nial intelligence are quite as respectable and authentic as those of any of his contempo- raries-we say we are glad of this, because we, in common with the Public, will have occasion to rely with the greater certainty on the fidelity of his annunciations. Every lover of .truth must rejoice when facilities are afforded for its attainment. However, the Gleaner will not, weare persuaded, deny, thjt our columns have afforded him no in- considerable portion of information, but be this an it may, as -we as little fish for praise as we do -for censure, he is welcome to turn our observations to his own advantage with- out acknowledgment; If we have made our observations with freedom, he may rest assured that we neither bear him, nor any other man, personal ill will. The Criminal Court will resume its sittings on the 1st of August next. A child about 14 years of age was -taken up by the Police while she was wandering about the streets in a state of mental de- rangement, which appeared to have been oc- casioned by the inhuman conduct of her un- natural mother, who had sold her child for the purposes of prostitution. The infa- mous wrcch, Mary Kipper, formerly Hartly, a prisoner of the Crown, for 14 years, was confronted with her wretched daughter in the Police Office. In vain did the monster endeavour to set up a justifica- tion of her conduct, for the evidence was quite conclusive against her. She was too well known as a bawd, and she manifested no feeling in her nature, or she must have sunk under the impressive language which was addressed to her by Mr, Wollstonecraft. However she did nut entirely escape pu- nishment, for she wai ordered to complete the remainder of her sentence in the 3d class iii the factory, and it will be well for society should she never return to it. In turning over a recent file of the South African Chronicle-~&\- Cape Paper- which however, we understand, has given tip the* ghost, like its contemporaries in that quar. ter of the world, we are sorry to perceive that the same uneven and incomprehensible political ferment existed there, and was in direful operation up to the very moment of the extinction of the Press, that has torn our Society with intestine broils. We also find that Lord Bathurst had most liberally allowed Mr. Greig to re-establish his Paper on certain conditions, which, it is matter of pungent regret to say, were unaccountably violated. In a recent paper of Mr. Bride, kirk, the South African Chronicle, an ar- ticle appears, which is not only much in point as regards Australian politics, but«ho demonstrates that we are not the only Edi tors who have had to combat with indiscretion and bad feeling, that we feel induced to quote it :- Cape Town.-To contend against opi, nions which either plainly or by implication teach disobedience to the established Go, vernment of the country in which we are placed, is, we conceive, the duty of every good citizen. Our exertions can hardly be more meritorious than when enlisted in this service. We have, therefore, lately and fear, lessly endeavoured to check the currency of those doctrines, dangerous in themselves and calculated to bring discredit upon us as a British Colony, which it seems to have been the evil object of certain political agi tators to propagate amongst us. In doing this, we were not ignorant that we should draw upon ourselves the displeasure of the S. A. Advertiser and its abettors, the boasted friends of the Liberty of the Press. We have endeavoured to disabuse the public mind, to expose the mischievous absurdity of recommending republican principles to the regulation of our colonial affairs As long, indeed, as it shall be natural for corrupt beings to be pleased when author - ties are brought into contempt, a factious Journal is not likely to be deficient of in terest. Speculative republicans, and prac- tical demagogues, are its determined sup- porters : for with them the bold and confi dent language of state regeneration, and contumelious invectives against the ruling powers, are the chief, if not the only claims to merit and distinction. With the virtuous and the peaceful it is otherwise. A clever, designing writer, may for a time mislead them by his perversions and sophistry,—he may render them dissatisfied with any sys- tem of policy really in existence, by com paring that ideal state of perfection in Go vernment which none but the Revolution- ary Charlatan can hope to attain to. Blind ness can, however, affect them only in part. They are never so lost to common sense and correct feelings, as to identify themsebes with a Radical in all his views. They are still the friends of social order and public tranquillity, and when the fermentation ex cited in their minds by the leaven of wicked and inflammatory doctrines subsides under the influence of time and just reflexion, they will perceive his views to be chimerical and himself seditious. Reasoning and ex- amining for themselves, they will no longer be dependent on the arrogant dogmas of one individual, nor mistake the feverish and pes tilential breath of the polittcal atmosphere of true, civil freedom. The medium through whtch men some, times look at political objects, is but too apt to falsify their real nature. On this, as well as other grounds, many prejudices amd partialities may be excused, and a conscien- tious opposition of sentiment and views con cerning the wisdom and expediency of par ticular measures of Government must be expected, and may be usefully maintained with reference to the general interests of the state. But then a systematic hostility (like wat we have witnessed here) to every act and measure of Government, irrespectively of their value; are ill-conceited disdain of our Rulers; a feeding of the most mistaken prepossessions of our fellow colonists, and an incessant appeal to their tumultuary pas sions. These things (without adverting to a mass of indecent and refengeful persona- lities) can never be a statesmanly and con- scientious opposition—the opposition of a mind influenced by a love of Truth and sound convictions of Expediency, but they savour strongly of an evil heart and dispo- sition of pride, for instance, and malice, envy, and vindictiveness. We deprecate and disclaim every feeling of personal animosity,the sin and not the sinner has moved our indignation. We combat against what we take to be erroné ous principles, and wild and impracticable schemes of colonial reform—the authorit tive divulging of which must tend not as much to the improvement and happiness of the colony, as the kindling of disaffection to the established Government in the minds of its inhabitants, and of morbid anxiety for an Utopian state of things, never to be realized. Our object, in short, is to instil contentment. The Cape system, like all human institutions, must confessedly have its imperfections; and even were the system itself in no degree faulty, yet being admi- nistered by fallible men, there must in the administration of it be some experience of error. Still we believe, and delight in be lieving, that our local Rulers are honest themselves,men with temper, disposition, and ability, to grapple with the difficulties that beset us; to redness grievances, and to originate and enforce such measures, as shall be necessary and best for promoting the future security and welfare of the Colony. Mr. Nicholson, the Master Attendant, had a pleasing little launch yesterday morn- ing in the Dock-yard. The first Revenue cutter that ever floated on the waters of Australia, went off in fine style, aud whilst in the act of rushing into her native ele- ment, the handsome little barque was bap- tized by Mr. Egan, the builder, by the name of The Dart. * Yesterday an investigation was going on before the Police, respecting the murder of Mr. Spearing'» servant. The following impromptu was .made ob hearing a notc-d orator (not Orator Ponkeen* sured :- > f » " You say he has no heart, but I deay.it ; , Ile hain heart,and geta hu iperchn by ¡1." .-iThe catarrh-rather an old visitant of our ^nceuncontaminated clime-has made sad Jitvoc lately. Whole families have been hid up with the afflictive dispensation. Some houses present a striking similarity to hospitals in the time of plagues - and the barking, and the coughing, and the groan- ing, and the physic, are sublimely dis- tressing. We have witnessed and expe- rienced its effects in all its most impressive foran. The Australian Philanthropist has beenobliged to work by steam for the Inst fortnight, and "if he, himself, escape the 'pestilence, it will be nothing short of a mi- ¡ raculous interposition in behalf of hundreds, j if not thousands, who are groaning beneath ¿e'weight of all the conglomerated pains 'that caii rack the human frame at once, fbe moschetoes came with the Freedom of the Press ; but what it was that introduced the catarrh we know not, and whether it is only a casual visitant, or intends to become a permanent resident in the Colony, time jueae can tell. We should be inclined to wish it would return to the place whence jt came, only we rather «pprehend that 'tis intended, by the Great Disposer of ¿yent«, as a species of chastising rod, to fluep us ia remembrance that 1 " Tiere is another, and a belter world !" The circular which appears in our front page of to-day, coming from Mr. Gregson, enibracfb objects of such peculiar interest, ¿t this moment, as to render it next to im- possible but ti¡i> Gentleman will be crowned «rito .all the patronage to which his known fodeutsund tried assiduity richly entitle him. A man, named Williamson, was sentenced, yesterday, in the Police Office, three years to a penal settlement for a robbery in the house of Charles Pickering. It appears that the prisoner had been collared, on day evening last, in the act of carrying off a hat, when he was allowed for this once to escape, with the admonition not to come and rob a poor man again. The thief, however, did not take the friendly hint, for the ensu- evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, a noise was heard in the shop among some glassware, Mrs. Pickering, supposing the cat was com- mitting depredations, sent her son to drive it away. The boy had not been gone an instant when he gave the alarm that a man was in the spot. Pickering instantly ran towards the spot, when the rogue darted out of the door with a hat in each hand. "Stop thief!" was shouted during the pursuit, but no purpose; however he was appre- hended on Monday evening, when he was searched by Mr. Cornick, and several ar- ticles were found upon his person, which, there was every reason to believe, were stolen. The prisoner was a ranaway from Parramatta station. A bed oi marl, containing a large propor- tion of lime, has been discovered in forming the new road by Mulgrave Battery, at Ho iart Town. On Monday last, a Coroner's Inquest was held on the body of Henry Comerford, formerly a clerk in the office of the Judge Advocate, which was found in the water at the Market-wharf. It is supposed that the unfortunate man had been in a state of in toxication, and had missed his way. Ver- dict — Found drowned. MAJOR HOOK. --- This singular character died in November last, at his house, Ham-street, Ham-com- mon. He was a major in the East India Company's twice, and had attained his 75th year. His residence was a marked spot by his gloomy and neglected ap- pearance, By the will of a relation, he was entitled to an annuity " whilst his wife was above ground." To fulfil the tendor of this important document, after her death lie caused her to be placed in n chamber, her body to be preserved, and a glass case lo be put over it. In this situation it has remained upwards of 30, years. It is said that he never permitted, any per- person to enter the room but himself. Major Hook's habits were well-known in the neighbourhood, and he was considered to be a man of large property. Rhyme and li easoK.-Thomas ^Cor- neille lodged in.the same house With Iris bro- ther Peter Corneille. When Peter wanted a rhyme, he called to his brother Thomas. When TliOTias wanted a thought, he called lo his brother Peter. 