Police Reports. SYDNEY. Jan. 30.—William Allman, free, was charged with stealing some brass weights, the property of John Smith, a butcher, in Pitt-street. The prisoner was fully com- mitted for trial. Mary Dale, assigned servant to the Rev. Richard Hill, was charged by her master with absenting herself from his service without permission. The prisoner pleaded that she came to surrender herself, as the work which she had to perform in Mr. Hill's family was beyond her strength, and that she had been in a state of ill-health during the whole time she was in her master's employ. Mr. Hill, however, satisfied the Bench, from various circumstances, deposed to on oath, that the prisoner's design was to leave his service, for some particular end she had in view, and she was sentenced for one month to the 3d class in the Factory, and afterwards to be returned to her service. Thomas Ryan, free, was charged with stealing two parcels of buttons, the property of Mr. Thomas Walker. It appeared that the prisoner was in the employ of Messrs. Jones and Walker, and, on Tuesday evening, was occupied in loading a dray. The door of the store, however, happening to lie open, he was seen to enter and take the parcel from a box containing a variety of other valuable property. Some persons at hand noticed the act, which the prisoner observing, immed- iately made off, when he was pursued and apprehended in Hunter-street. Committed for trial. Wm. Finn, a private in the N.S.W. corps, attended on a summons to answer the com- plaint of Bridget Doolin for an assault. Bridget, without hesitation, stated that she co-habited with the defendant in England, and afterwards followed him to this country; that since her arrival here, however, she had met with nothing but ill-treatment; that she had been turned out of doors and beaten seve- ral times, and that, on the day previous, he violently assaulted her in the street, and threatened to cut off her head. Now Biddy thought that "Whatever her errors 'twas mighty unfair, To cut off her head just as if 'twere her hair; For this truth is maintained by philosophers still, That the hair grows again, but the head never will," and accordingly claimed the protection of the Police, against this second Blue Beard. The defendant was ordered to find sureties to keep the peace. Herman Lucas Prince, attended lo answer to a complaint for selling spirits without licence, contrary to the Act of Council, No. 2. The Benchi deeming the case fully proved, adjudged the defendant to be fined in the sum of 25 pounds sterling, and costs. Jan. 31.—Mr. John Coombes attended to answer the complaint of John Felix, his hired servant, for an assault.. The complain- ant stated, that he had lived in the house of the defendant, who came into the place where he slept very early on the previous morning, and commenced abusing him for not being at work earlier.. The complainant merely ob- served that he thought six o'clock in the morning early enough to go to work, when the defendant assaulted him in the most vio- lent manner, kicking and beating him with his hands, and also with a frying pan, in consequence of which he was not only severely cut and bruised, but had two of his ribs bro- ken. The case was remanded. Margaret Peebles, of George-street, appeared to answer a complaint for selling spiritss without a licence, and being convicted of the offence, was adjudged to pay the usual penalty of £25 sterling, and costs. Richard Rawlins, free, was brought up charged with having in his possession a quan- tity of carpenters' tools, the property of Go- vernment, knowing the same to have been stolen. Remanded. Bernard Quin, a runaway, for the last 7 days, from the Prisoners' Barracks, appre- hended the previous evening, was brought befure the Bench to be dealt with. Being asked how he had employed himself during the time he was away, he staltd that he was asleep, and never dreamt of the consequence of being absent so long. Sentenced to the tread-mill for 14 days, in the hope that he would awake by the end of that period. Mr. John Charlton, Master of the brig Lord Rodney, attended to answer a complaint of having interrupted a constable in the exe- cution of his duty. George Osmer, a constable, stated that he was on duty, on Sunday evening last, about 8 o'clock; that a riot occurred in Kent- street, and a soldier, who had been appre- hended, was brought to the watch-house and placed in his charge, that shortly after, another soldier belonging to the 39th Regt. came to the watch-house with his bayonet concealed up the sleeve of his coat, and de- manded his comrade's liberation. The de- fendant also came again in a state of intoxica- tion, and in his shirt sleeves, insisting upon the instant liberation of the soldier, and using very abusive language he called the com- plainant a puppy, and said if he had him outside the door he would pull his nose and kick him, and further observed thal he was his (the complainant's) master, and his mas- ter's master. Israel Chapman stated, that he was not pre- sent during the whole of the transaction, but corroborated the evidence of Osmer in part. The defendant was ordered to find sureties to keep the peace, himself in £40, and two sureties in £20 each. LIVERPOOL. Saturday, Jan. 27th, 1827.—Michael Cosgrove, barber in the General Hospital, charged with repeatedly absenting himself, drunkenness, and neglect of duty, which being clearly proved, he was sentenced to wear double irons in the gaol gang for one month, and shave the sick when required. Jame Mills, Government servant to Mr. Ikin, charged with robbing his master of tea and sugar, his property. The prisoner was a confidential servant; he was observed at the sugar bag, and suspicions being raised, he was watched, and while stooping, a quan- tity of tea fell from his waistcoat pockets, and on a further search, his pockets were found to be full of the same article.— Remanded till Saturday next. Janies Corberly and Thomas Baker, at- tached to Liverpool barracks, but allowed to sleep out, charged with stealing a cart, the property of the Male Orphan Institution. It appeared that on the night of Tuesday last,ai cart had been conveyed away off the said estate. The mark of the wheels was traced from the place whence it was stolen, to near Liverpool, where the said cart had been carried off; the footsteps of two persons were also tracked (each of them having on remarkable shoes), to the house where the prisoner resided, at the back of which the wheels of the cart had been found, and the shoes being pulled off their feet, fitted exactly the marks of the footsteps al- luded to, and the marks of nails in the said footsteps.—Remanded. Tuesday, Jan. 30.—John Connor, at- tached (as a watchman) to Liverpool brick- makers' gang, charged with attempting to strike Robert Welling, without any provo- cation, with an instrument named a brick- maker's hewing iron. It appears the pris- oner is, at a certain age of the moon, non compos mentis. Ordered to the town gang for security. Catherine Lee, one of His Majesty's ser- vants on her way to the nunnery at Parra- matta, detained on suspicion of robbing the house of Stephen White, alias George White, alias George Maggs, a ticket-of- leavc man, and a dealer in ginger beer, gingerbread, eggs, lamp oil, and other sweetmeats, of sundry silver coins, both ho- ley and unholey, half-crowns, shillings, &c.; The prisoner, in defence, stated that the money found on her was her own; that she left it for some time past nailed up in her little trunk in the house of White, alias Maggs; and that, on her going away, he raised a hue and cry that she had robbed him.—Remanded. James Henry, one of McBlane's road party, Liverpool-road, brought up on a charge of assaulting old Connell, one of the same gang. Sentenced to close confinement to the gang, and no indulgence, for one month. Robert Nisbet, free, charged with as- saulting and threatening to shoot Thomas Connor, overseer on Mrs. Hart's farm, Brin- gelly. Ordered to find bail to keep the peace, and, in default thereof, to be com- mitted to gaol. James Johnstone, Government servant on Mr. Hutchinson's farm, Bringelly, charged with leaving the farm a whole day without leave. Sentenced 3 days' cool reflection on low diet (bread and water.) SUPREME COURT.—The Supreme Court resumed its Sittings yesterday. No busi- ness of any public importance was trans- acted. The trial of Worrall, for the murder of Fisher, at Campbell-town, comes on this morning, at 11 o'clock. The inhabitants of the city of Calcutta have largely subscribed towards the erection of a monument in commemoration of our late Prelate, the great and pious Dr. HEBER. Information had been given some time ago at the Police Office, that 20 sheep had been abtracted from the flock of a settler at Bath- urst. Last night, Fitzpatrick apprehended a man with 20 sheep which had no brand. The affair will be brought before the Police. 