" Reverend Sir, " It being reported that you attended the Public Meeting on " Friday last, I beg you will contradict the report, or in- " form me if you were there. '' I am, Rev. Sir, &c.; &c.; &c.; "T. H. Scott." "To the Rev. R. Reddall" ''Tot idem verbis or in just so many words did the Vener able the Aichdeacon address himself to the Rev. Chaplain, ? upon the tender point of his visit to the Public Meet ing, and intermixing his sacred person with the profane crowd who then assembled. We do not . profe&s; to give the epistle in all its native elegance of diction, and must therefore only say, in language well. understood — u errors excepted,' it was the .demand made upon tlie Rev. R. Red- i Jail by, his venerable superior Thomas Iloblies Scott. ' We tremble for the poor. Clinplain. Nothing less than, 'sackcloth nud ashes' can be his portion, when brought be fore My Lord Bathurst, iri.-;«? black and white.7' fleis in a far . worse condition than the worthy or unworthy Sheriff, who was excommunicated or interdicted holding further emu- i- ?? munioii, from' ijiat day henceforward/' with theVenerable- U ' ' himself. The white sheet %yas in readiness— lie was to be- ' hiiiniliated with a barefooted expedition; and, after a° three- ? ' days, fasting, he was to be allowed to indulge in the hope of being re- ndmitted within the pale of venerable grace; but he ' was only guilty of sedition— of presiding at a seditious meet ing— of permitting orators to harangue the mob on behalf of the Authorities — -in favor of a popular Governor; but the ' '' unfortunate Chaplain must be charged, of course, with blas- phemy— with nothing less than blasphemy, for he is actual ly suspected of listening to an oration half an hour long, ' in support of the pious labours of our Colonial Brethren, ' great and small/'- and complimentary of their indefati gable zeal in the work of improvement of the morals of the rising and risen generation! The Vener able Gentleman - was - an 'object 'of peculiar regard with the Meeting; and his disinterested protection or the -flock of clerks entrusted to his charge, his amia ble anxiety to' establish church, and churchmen upon an imperishable basis, and his uuostentations display of holy fervour iu the cause of Christianity and Christian peo ple; in short his paid and unpaid services— his universal claims in every shape to the especial consideration of the people ' were most amply appreciated by the Meeting, and every allusion, to -his. merits- and the merits of the ' small fry' was signalised by loud plaudits; and every compliment had its ' hear — bear — hear!' But poor. Mr. Reddall, .how will- be get over the shock ing imputation of having mingled with the crowd of pro fane revilers, 'who met in a constitutional manner, to peti tion their Sovereign? How will he appease the honest wrath of his clerical .superior, or claim forgiveness for sacri legious curiosity and his enormous offence in affording countenance by his Clerical presence to the' outrageously lqyal sentiments which were bandied about'*afi3«'EyiPoB- '' 'lic^Mebting, .where Knights und Magistrates, Brigade .Majors and Military Secretaries, gentle and ungentle folks, ' liberals and illiberals, had the audacity to make their ap ipenrance?, . ? ? ' ] .He! is a lost man ! - ' * : , Report says that, the Venerable the Archdeacon expe rienced such strong emotions on perusing some of our ?recently published articles ; that he straightway hied him to his Excellency the Governor, and presented a ? re quisition from ''himself for the Suppression of '' The Australian!" , The plain going style of The Australian may be very affecting at times, and have an extraordinary effect on the nerves of all to whom' These Presents come Greeting;' and right trusty and well-beloveds, to wit, may ' not be fond of excitement. A quiet. pastoral li fe,. 'accom- panied with passing riches, present, so many allurements, that it ought not to be broken in upon by the rude strifes' ' of political — ' hubbubs i' and when it becomes a question' whether..' heavenly pensivn contemplation/' 'in the lux Winnt groves of a rural retreats hlinll be feasted upon, or' " The Australian' extinguished, it can readily ' be sup posed, that those .who have to choose would not long he--i- tnte\o make their election. 'The Australian' would go sadly to leeward,*, and . -r the groves'' and ' the ptnsiveneks'. would bSe. sworn brothers, while the dumps held- on' their quarterly visitation! :' - - -',.'''?'!'.«.;, ^*-*0i .-,-.- ......-, -: ' But' the venerable the' Archdeacon, .did^helsreally imake the request? pishi nonsense ! heflc6uldVndt^%r i the life of him be^. so ' unchristian-like. . Though^' iricfeetl . .; ? out of, or'in regard Ho iis, he might think it a liumane.step 'v i? to preserve us from anynttempts at persecution, and to put; u;' a stop to us at once, in order to appease 'the'snifulxiiafs! V;0;i who became alarmed at. out ; prosperity, ;: Bat^dtd he i:xe.-; :^'^ quire us to be suppressed-^-not gagged.— -but suppressed 'i~'tIK!, :^ wesay nd. ' Sucli a miraculous interposition of::grrice'dj(t'_ ?:&?. 'not take place ! How could it? unless -for the - aforesaid v^S renson, and to befriend its, who: have 'been uniformly soh iu* kind to, and so friendly with the iVeneWible\G.entIeman,- .*. that we have watched his 'footsteps with unusual concern^ ,' admonished him and his little family' with , so much\good - '„;, iwiil , and with so much anxiety,. that he never made a false ;, ' step without our endeavouring to prevent ,'his. foot slipping Nu again.. Besides, n man of enlightened mind aiid humane dis- . ? .. position,one on whom the benign influence of tlie, Christian ? ? religion had acted with.i;powerful influence, a ?minister of' ;??-.' ;a Christian churtih, and in' i*asy circuiiistances,' would not . ?;». itravel oiit of tlie aisles of his .sacred temple, to head a' -.-?' troop of horse or a company of fixed bayonets on an in-' .,..,. c'ursioii iiito a Printing' Office * to Jpluy .-' II—— aiid :-' ' .Toinmy''.'inopg,st tl»'e types ! No ! -'tjiis tale o'f suppression. ? \x;[ iis a tale of some ingenious fellow's invention.' The Arch-; ,v-,,\ deacon could1' never'niiseniplby his 'Vehefrable time, lior act. ; :* 'discord in lieu of preaching peace.! ? _ ? : ;. ^,. : We all know 'tis very true that enlarged; incomes' mftke;....'cr( ienfnrged minds; and ;tliH.t.fo'rt'une's fayuriies ciui see a long: ^ way,a very long .wtiy-^— can. see dsingcr -tit a di»tniicc-4-,a.,., ; very great distance — farther, off than others— aye, when it is invisible to every one else. Meditation, conjoined with a rich and glittering stipend, renders the mind acute, the apprehension quick, and puts the under- standing on the alert. It must, be so, because we invaria- bly see bishops and prelates and prebendaries, and little and great dignitaries, far superior, in this respect, to the humble talented (that is, humble in his own opinion) curate of eighty pounds a year. One hundred and fifty pounds do not occasion any great and wonderful brilliancy. Five and six hundred a year do not very materially extend the intel- lectual vista ; but oh, what demons of danger spring up when twenty and thirty and forty hundred (and upwards) pounds a year hang from the girdle of the apostolic in- structor. Every guinea has a ghost— the blue and the black imps flutter in awful array — printing houses are full of them ; and the keen eyed dignitaries have toil enough in combatting present evils, and in warding off the coming host. With them extinction of the press-gang, is extinction of danger. Nothing is to be feared when these monsters, who tell the people so many things, are put out, of the world. The sooner they are sent to their account the better— the better, at all events, for the Receivers of Stipends ! But suppression! suppression of The Australian and the Archdeacon, are words never to be named to- gether ! Let others rail against the Press, and puff away the clouds of darkness which the press raises up — the Arch- deacon has not yet acquired the belief that the extinguish- ment of The Australian would be a glorious thing either for the Clergy; or the Colony, the Trustees of the Church and School Lands, or himself ! Ha, ha; ha. The Arch- deacon and the suppression of The Australian ! ! ! It does not appear to be generally known that some. chopping and changing arrangements were contemplated in Downing-street several months ago in reference to the Government of Van Diemen's Land and the Secretaryship of this Colony. " Colonel Arthur'' (in military language), " Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Lane, to be Co- lonial Secretary in the Colony of New South Wales; vice Major Goulburn, who is promoted to the rank and office of Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land." This grand political movement was actually " booked" in Downing-street; but the Major did not like the honor. He declined the appointment in limine, and Colonel Arthur accordingly was allowed to keep his place ; we suppose (at all events we hope) only until a meet and proper successor can be selected. Van Diemen's. Land would have gained by the change ; but it would have been a woful business for this Colony. Here Colonel Arthur is not liked a whit better than he is in the Sister Colony ; and his power of doing mischief would have been much encreased. We consider the office of Secretary as important here, as that of Go- vernor; and the causes of annoyance to the public much more frequent at the hands of a colonial secretary than by the impolicy of the Governor. The Secretary comes more immediately in contact with the people ; and there are many ways by which numbers of persons may be made to suffer, on account of his disrespectful demeanor and his ignorant hauteur. Between an inflexible and frigid chief and a sentimental, saint-like Sec. there requires only individu- ality of feeling to make a people completely miserable— to thwart their industrious pursuits, and render the want of English institutions a genuine and a gigantic evil. If this Colony had become possessed of such a Chief and such a Secretary, it would have been time to forego further im- provement, and to have abandoned Australia to its primi- tive wilderness, and to have left the solitude of the forests to be interrupted only by the word of command and the echo of the cat-o'-nine tails. We escaped a calamity, by the refusal of Major Goul- burn to be installed into the office of Governor of Van Land. The good people of New South Wales, homely sort of fellows as they are, possessing as they do religious feeling, without religious enthusiasm— professing no more than they mean— hating the cant of sleak faced zeal, and unable to repress their honest sentiments, would have been apt to have spoken their minds rather too freely to accord with the straight-laced notions of the Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land ; and they and he would according- ly have jogged on at a very unequal pace and with a very unequal step. The Lieutenant-Governor must be provided with a post which he can occupy without being reminded of past events — he must be sent where he can turn over a new leaf, act a liberal part, in whatever capacity he may be destined to move. He has purchased wisdom by ex- perience ; and he finds that Englishmen will, be they where they may, discuss the merits of an administration, and boldly resist the practice of precepts which from habit may suit an Asiatic clime, if Asiatics only dwell there ! The Midas brings English News to. the middle of Oc- tober. The state of trade remains much the same as represented in former accounts received to the middle of September. Some little improvement had began to manifest itself in parts of the West Riding of Yorkshire. Private letters af- ford but little expectation of amendment. The Duke of York had entirely recovered from his se- vere illness. In the making up of the last Quarter's Revenue, a defi- ciency of 800,000 pounds was shewn. The Thetis frigate, Sir. J. Phillimore, had returned from Rio, where he left the Ambassador or Minister Plenipoten- tiary. Some misunderstanding had taken place between them. The war between Buenos Ayres and the Brazils seemed likely to be carried on very hotly. There has been a dreadful conflagration at Constantinople, one-eighth of the capital, including six thousand houses, was burnt to the ground. Meetings have taken place in all parts of England on the subject of the corn laws. The landlords, are strenuously sup- porting them, as usual, while the manufacturers appear resolved to obtain their repeal. Letters have been received from Port au Prince to the 28th of August, which communicate the important commer- cial intelligence of Mr. Mackenzie, the Consul General of Great Britain to Haiti, having signed a treaty of amity and commerce, which in every respect must be satisfactory to the trading interests of the country. In the intercourse be- tween the two countries, British subjects are placed by the government of Haiti on the footing of those of the most fa- vored nations, and the duties of 12 per cent, levied hereto- fore on the importation of British produce or manufactured goods into Haiti, will, after the ratification of this treaty, be reduced tn an ad valorem duty of five per cent. at which it will be vain for the manufacturers of the Continent of Europe ever to attempt any thing like competition with those of the United Kingdoms. Lisbon Gazettes have been received to the 30th of Sep- tember. They are full of addresses of congratulation to the Prince Regent. The intelligence from the different provinces is of the most gratifying kind ; they are in a state of profound tranquillity, and the attempts to disturb them have been invariably at ease. VIENNA, Sept. 26.— Yesterday there was a grand review of all the troops in the garrison. Our beloved Sovereign, whose health is so far restored that he was able to remain several hours on horseback, was surrounded by his sons, five of his brothers, and the Infant Don Miguel. PARIS, Oct. 7.— Several Journals announce the rupture of the conferences at Akerman, and add, that the army in Bessarabia is concentrating, and is daily receiving rein- forcements ; and that the Austrian army is going to be considerably augmented. Extract of a letter from St. John's, (N. B.) dated Sept. 4, says :— " The present depressed and lamentable condi- tion of the Irish poor in this city, is deserving of our most serious consideration. The evil, instead of diminishing, is rapidly increasing, and if suffered to extend beyond certain limits, the consequences may prove fatal. Almost every vessel coming in our port from Ireland, lands an impover- ished and starving population, the necessary consequence of which is, that they wander about our streets, miserable spectacles of disease, misery, and want. Those whose means, are adequate to the expense, proceed to the United States, leaving their less fortunate companions to shift for themselves." Such have been the effects of the distress in Paisley, that many of the shops are completely shut up, in conse- quence of the inability of the tenants to pay their rents. In some streets not fewer than five or six shops are thus untenanted. The transactions of the English Stock Exchange remain in the same uninteresting state, which latterly it has been our duty to record. The consols for the settlement on Thursday opened at 80 1-8, and remained at that quotation, alternately, buyers and sellers, until near the close of the market when 80 1-8 ¼ was their value. For the November settlement, the continuation remains at about one quarter per cent. Money is scarce on the Stock Exchange, but when the dividends come out, it will become again abun- dant. For the discount of good commercial and banker's acceptances, there is no want of it at from three to four per cent. per annum. On the Royal Exchange, the busi- ness in foreign bills was not extensive this afternoon, and the Foreign Exchanges remains at the same rates as on the last post day.— (Oct. 10.) STATE of TRADE.— (Glasgow.)— Our views of a gradual revival in the manufacturing and calico-printing depart ments'bf business, have beeu' realized, aiid business is in general assuming a more healthy appearance. Since our last considerable sales have been effected in finished goods as well as in power-loom cloth, and there are many inquirers 'under'.thfc idea that, a rise must- take place very soon.— AlthoiVghtho buyers wish to hold .out to the sellers, that there will not' be much alteration, before the Spring,' yet the holder's of goods after. 'waiting so ;iungi^.aie;flow convinced that the prices have1 reached -tlieir lowest ebb, and are dis posed hot to' part witli them at the present prices. The cot ton market has experienced a slight rise of £ to ^ per lb. in consequence of which munufapturers are anticipating a rise in yarns, and very considerable sales 'have been made to extensive houses ; the manufacturers are. coming forward in general and purchasing freely. Fine. yarns may be quoted at an advance from 3d. to. Cd. on No. 120s. and although the coarser qualifies of yarns have not as yet been much af fected in prices, spinners are not. disposed to. take orders, as there is little doubt but a rise wjlb immediately follow.^ (Londqi? Paper, Oct. 1\\.) , ' ? ?' - - ' .; Glasgow, Ocr.e^The. sales of sugar since Tuesday have'been 'on a limited 'scale, and.', the prices are.. rather, lower in the, few purchases that .have been. made. The irn'pbrters, generally, are not inclined however to sell in the same ratio, and seem disposed' to make a stand at the\pre7, sent reduction, as the stock in tlie \yest India Dock's in, -London; on the 30th of Sept., approximated mueh.nearer to that of 1825 .than atany other'late period^ — the difterence now being only about 5000 hhds. 'Coffee is duH anil rather lower. \Ve still think favourably of tliis article, aiid as inoney Seems very, plentiful ? in. London, we . should net be surprised to see the great .capitalists, (who cannot perhaps obtain more thap three or three and a half per cent; as an, investment) turn ^ their attention to M.—iIdefft.) . The Macclesfield H.erald, of Oct.. l^says-T-We arc enar bled to state upon the most undoubted authority that it is the intention of his Maj e sty's Mini piers to in troduce in tlie epsning Sessidij of Pailiainent several important measures for the . berieiit ' of the .manufacturing interests. ; On i one Subject, the emigration. 'of distressed. ?operatives,^ we are warranted in asserting that considerable. difference of.opi nion prevails in the cabinet.. Some, of the members-are willing to send out emigrants entirely at the expense' of government, whilst others will not exceed a mere grant of land and agricultural implements. In thit, dilference of opinion there can be no doubt that. in' tlie event of many petitions being sent in to the^overnnient by distressed ar tisans who desire to emigrate, the views of the more-libe-, ral part of. the cabinet would be suffered: to take their course. It is, consolatory to reflect that1 Ministers intend to do something for the manufacturing interests. ; . .The misunderstanding between Sir John Phillimore and' Lord Ponsonby is thus detailed :— Lord Ponsoiiby, who-is used to the case of warmer climates, appeared on the; quarter-deck of the Thetis, on a hot evening, without his coat.: .This- breach of su dorific decorum- was first visited upon 'the officer on duty, wliu Wi-6 threatened lobe-ptit under. arrest, for suffering the noble Di ploinatist to walk out of full- costume. Jdis Lordsliip. begged his inadvertence, resulting from ignorance, of nautical. usages, might not be- visited iipoh another,- and of course; took the visitation upon himself, -which was not-ono of the mildest kind. Pmiu'sIi nient of arrest, a't first only denounce*] against the subaltern, was .now threatened to, be transferred. to the representative of his Ma jesty King: George IV..- .His Majesty-'s-rtpresentative replied as his Majesty. himself, would have done, if any one had threatened to- put liiin under arrest; .with proper dignity, , that the gallant Captain might execute, his; threat if.hc pleased, but that it .would be at his own peril ; and on ; arriving , at Rio his Lordshipre quesleJ'to be put on board another ship.- . It is said; that an apo logy has' been made to Lord Ponsonby, who has, in consequence, forborne to press his, cpiiipIaint.-r^(!Z*mes, Get. .13.^). ? ? _;:.--- ' In the Literary .Gazette appears -a proposition, accorrling '-'to. which the currency of Grea't ..Britain is to consist of paper only ' — but of paper stamped aiid.issucd by the ?late.' TJiis would un questionably furnish us with a more economical circulation than that consisting of the precious metals, and one to which no:rea sopablc objection could be niado on - the score.of security ;''b'ut -on the oilier hand, it would be one- which in times, of cmbarrr.ss uient, when the tamptatibn to .abuse'.was' strongest, the govern ment of 'the day_ might' deprtciate. by. increasing .to an .infinite amount. The. idea, however, may bear,,discu3Sion, and we feel that we should not act fairly towards the Editor, of .the publica tion alluded' to, by! suppressing, otir' knowledge of its. having recently contained this article within its coluinris.— r Times. ' ??,'' MaKciiEster.. Oiir. accounts of thefstatejtif trade-are again favourniile. The market- on;;Tuesday was, upon the whole, decidedly good,. and on some articles. a trifling additional ad vance was established^ . In/oue or. two -particular. descriptions of -goods, we believe, i'there was not quite so. much doing, but. it was because tlie prices demanded included a greater advance than buyers were, willing. to give'.' There.' is' one .feature which marks a decided change .for the better; within the last few weeks. Job lots of goods— sacrificed, at under, prices 'for the sake. of raising money, which during. the depression were nunie-. r'ous — are no longer to be met with ; land stocks generally are far from large. In some kinds of twist a small additional rise has taken place this week. ' . ??? ' - ?'?''.?.?' Tiie land surrounding Eliznbeth Bay, in the Harbour, has been for some time undergo|ngimprovenient. Round the ivateVs edge it is in a state of 'cjultivatioiij.and vegetables are growingin tolerableabundunce. ' We should be glad to see all the fine pieces of ground, intlie various Bays in the vicinity of Sydney, submitted to the like change. ..Vegetables,. at least,, might become more abundant; and the natural. ad- vantages of the soil turned to better.account. ? As it is; ex tensive uramees are iii-' the pos^ess^n of all-.' the places which possess-either beauty or richness; and which. mi^ht in the hands -of matiybe made generally' serviceable. This circumstance will long interfere with improvement. of every kind. The land about Sydney isrnefelyjAield until time' may' bring purchasers, aiid suh-purchasers,'-_or' tenants of Miie kind or other; and until such a race of people spring up, this land will remain' in a state of nature. Elizabeth Bay is about the only place of consequence, between this and the Heads which reruuiued till kilely in the hands of the Government. It was considered as likely to remain for ever vested in the Grown, as serious thoughts were long entertained of building the Government House in the vici- nity of the bay, and of reserving the whole of the surround- ing grounds to form a Domain. The idea being aban- doned of making this the site of the building, Mr. M'Leay has become the grantee of this favourite spot. He pos- sesses about an hundred acres, which are now enclosed, and, as we hear, he is about to erect a mansion for the purposes of a family residence. Fifteen persons, in addition to those already in charge for cattle stealing, are expected to arrive in Sydney from various parts of the Colony. All these men have been apprehended on the information of Power, and on his evidence alone it would seem does the proof of their guilt rest. We cannot forbear expressing some surprise at the strange course which has been pursued in the apprehension and treatment of all the persons implicated by Power.— Warrants are issued, the accused are taken into custody, and they remain in gaol without any examination being proceeded with, either by the Magistrates in Sydney or up- country. It is necessary that the examinations of prison- ers should be taken within reasonable time after apprehen- sion, but in the case of many of these men, weeks have elapsed, and not a single examination has been taken.— The delay which has been so much deprecated in bringing offenders to justice, has been allowed in this instance to prevail far too much. Power should have been brought before the Criminal Court as soon as the sittings com- menced. Whether to admit him to be an approver seems to have been a question which has introduced all the diffi- culty. He has given information of minor offenders, that is offenders according to his statement, but it does not ap- pear that his disclosures have yet been of that importance which was at first attached to them, and it is very likely that to save his own neck he may bring a great many per- sons either entirely innocent, or his own dupes into trouble. Great caution, in our opinion, should be exercised in ad- mitting Power to be an approver, and a great deal ought to be made to depend upon the probability of obtaining evi- dence to sustain his testimony, as it would be a hard mat- ter to convict any whom he might accuse, without such assistance. He affirms at present that he has not made known all the information he is possessed of, and that if personal safety be assured to him, he will give a clue to two herds of cattle, far more numerous than the one al- ready detected, consisting, indeed, of not less than fifteen hundred head each. Whatever is done should be done speedily. By prisoners lying in gaol two or three months, the terror of the consequences wears off, and the thieves are not half so likely to be deterred from their traffic as they would be if justice were prompt. A band of cattle stealers have their head quarters at Met- tigong, and it is suspected they carry on the depredations in that quarter to a very considerable extent. A sharp look out is kept upon them, and it is probable that some of them will find it difficult to escape detection. CAPTAIN Walton and his band of pirates it is expected will be brought to trial on an early day. Some of these men it is possible, may be taken and executed, on proof of their having forfeited the conditions under which their sentences of death were commuted to transportation. This indeed one would imagine, would be the first thing tried with those who have thus forfeited their claims to mercy. It would necessarily be the first offence they committed, and the first therefore they should answer, as the breach of the condition on which a pardon was granted, would pre- cede the act of piracy. Captain Walton, when he and his fellows succeeded in obtaining possession of the brig, sat down to pen an official despatch to his Excellency the Governor. Like the great man of 1815, who dated his despatch from the Palace of Lacken, at Brussels, before the battle, as if he had not only reached the palace but secured victory, the Capt. of the sixty-six dated his bulletin from New Zealand, and described what he intended to do, as if he had done it. He had left the crew and the soldiers at New Zealand— taken a ship and variety of other things, all of which however were prevented being done by the successful in- terference of Captain Duke and the crew of the Sisters. The letter and a copy only were drawn out; both of them have been destroyed by command of his Excellency, in order that this literary performance of the Captain might not make its appearance in any of the public Newspapers. We should certainly have got hold of it, if this extraordi- nary step had not been taken. Why, we may, with pro- priety, here ask, was such an order made, what evil could arise from the publication of any circumstance relating to an unsuccessful conspiracy? The letter was a curious pro- duction we are informed; as might be expected, it was full of invective, contained a catalogue of grievances; Captain Walton, for his own part, complained that his sentence had not been commuted to seven years trans- portation; and he concluded his epistle, by assuring his Excellency that he was quite aware what his fate would be should he ever be re-taken, and that a hempen cord would terminate his career—a great deal more of the same stuff was contained in his epistolary performance, exactly written in the strain such men as he would naturally enough adopt. ANOTHER CALAMITOUS ACCIDENT BY FIRE.—On the evening of Sunday last, the 11th instant, the dwelling house upon a farm called Brighton, near Irish Town, oc- cupied by Mr Robert Turnbull, formerly a resident at the South Creek, was totally destroyed by fire. The adjacent country, for a considerable space, was in flames, the pro- gress of which was so violent and rapid, that it was not without extreme difficulty, the lives of Mrs. Turnbull, and four young children, were rescued from the devouring ele- ment. Every article of property, furniture, wearing appa- rel, &c.; was consumed, and by this sudden, most afflicting visitation, a large and worthy family is reduced to extreme distress and total destitution. Some destructive fires have lately taken place in the bush on the banks of the Hawkesbury. The barque Rossana, which came up from New Zealand on Sunday night, brings up twenty-five persons who were in the employment of the New Zealand Company. A design, it ap- pears, was formed by the natives to seize upon this vessel, dur- ing her stay at New Zealand, where she has been for ten months. The hostility of the natives rendered it necessary that the Com- pany's servants should sleep on board nightly; and every man on board was obliged to take his turn in the nightly watch. The black chiefs were occasionally permitted to come on board. On one of their visits, a New Zealander, who is usually employed by Captains of vessels touching at the settlement, as inter- preter, communicated to the Captain of the Rosanna the in- tended plan of his countrymen to seize the vessel. The natives, it is said, were anxious to get the powder; ten tons of which were on board. Powder had been used as a means of barter with the natives, for land. The land thus obtained was worked upon by the Company's men, cleared and cultivated, without, interruption from the natives. These were, however, at last, by two of the chiefs who had been up to Sydney, induced to form a plan to massacre all the British inhabitants on the island. The Missionaries obtained information of these intentions from some of their converts. The discovery was made in time to prevent the dreadful consequences. The Missionaries hastened to the ship, compelled to relinquish all further efforts to convert the natives to Christianity. Furious riding and driving are daily witnessed in Sydney to the extreme annoyance and danger of all persons who may happen to be in the street. People, whether drunk or sober, seem equally careless of the consequence to be apprehended from such wanton conduct, and we often wonder that children and others are not more frequently rendered the objects of accidents. For the middle of the streets are seldom empty, and indeed the contempt of danger of those on foot seems quite equal to the absence of caution on the part of riders and drivers. On Monday a youth on horse back rode at a quick rate, nearly at full speed, through the street, and knocked down a young girl, the mother of a child, with the child in her arms, and occasioned in her very serious injury. A complaint was made at the Police Office, and the offender was committed to the Sessions for the assault. A letter which appeared on Friday last in the Sydney Gazette, containing strong reflections on Mr. James; excited the atttention of the Acting Attorney General, who sug gested the propriety to the Superintendent of Police of calling upon Mr. James to enter into sureties to keep the Peace. Mr. James, upon this, received a notice to attend at the Police Office for the above purpose. On being re quired to enter into recognizances, Mr. James assured the Magistrates that the publisher of the libellous letter waa not an object likely to excite his ire, or induce him to break the peace by breaking his head. Something of .a list has been made out by the Police of the butchers in Sydney, their situations, convcniences for slaughtering, etc. This information, it is said, is requirved for the Cattle Board ! ? We me happy to be- informed 'that the repbrt'of Dr; Reid'having purchasedv sheep which turned out to have heeu stolen, is without foundation. ., ' ? . The cutter Emma Kemp, during the squall on Sunday evening last, got on the Sow and Pigs ; in consequence of which, she has received considerable damage. The crew were obliged to cut away the mast, to save her from a complete wreck. Captain Duke, of the Sisters, was ex- ceeding prompt in affording assistance to this little vessel. His gallant conduct, on all occasions, is highly praiseworthy. On Sunday week the Thermometer in Ar^yle, ''.wliwr ; placet! under the verandah of a house, stood at 110. Ic has m:vcr been known to be so high before in the'saine'si- . ,:? tuatiou. . ' '.,-. '? : . ' ' ''. In tlie distant parts of Argyle, vve learn that wheat is sold ?'- to consumer* on the spot at the rate of twi- dollar.su bushel.- ..- A young girl named Ann Gatty, free, wsis^harged with robbing her mistress, Mrs. Reynolds, vvlru''*thtedthat (he , prisoner had only been five weeks in her service, when yav. ? rious articles of shop goods were missed. . Suspicion f«ll upon the prisoner. On being se'arch'eti several pair 'of wn ?men's stockings were found in her possession. She con fessed her guilt. While mirier ex.ainiiuitioii.she. cried bit- . terly, hegging fojfk forgiveness. She was committed to the ; Sessions. ,.-_'?? . .- A person named 'Bradley sought the interference of the ' Police upon the following ground of coriiplaiiH :-^— Mr.'.'B. stated .that some months since' he vvas induced to become! one. of- the sureties of 'Moore,' the clerk of the; uinrket, for . . ? renting the Sydney Market Place— undertakin» by his en gagement of surely to fulfil the contract 'of 8101. sterling,, payable quari erly . Moore, it appeared, wi^V in considera ble' arre'ars in his payments, to 'the tune soniewlinre ',-?' 2301. Complainant upon learning this remonstrated, with ,Moore on the subject, requesting him to pay.tho.duficiiMipy iuime- ' diately.' Moore refused to do'so, and expressed un inten tion to; make no further piyu'ients to' govtriiiuiei'it until tlie expii'aUon of the term, one year, for which he held the rental of the market; Complainant said that he- had rear son to -apprehend Moore did not intend to make his-p^ny- . ments 'good,. and therefore hoped tlie Magistrates . would give him an authority^to take possession of the Market Place, [to secure the weekly dues that might be collected tothe e'iid of the quarter. ' ? ... . , '. _' ; The , Bench thought the case was' one which ought to be referred to the Acting Attorney G-eneral. ; - The latter shortly appeared, on 'behalf of the cr-»wn in the case. It was suggested that Moore being merely 'the holder of a ticket-of-leave, this. case should be investigated by the Bench, who had authority to ace in it, and thutlus ticket-of-leave should be cancelled. The Magistrates, however, consitlering that the Govern- - '? merit had recognised Moore, insoinu respects as u free man, refused to come to that hasty 'determination ; but left tlie particulars to be made known to' the Colonial -.Secretary through the Acting Attorney General. ., -MXttRiED-^Ey special ficense, on VVedncsday tfic 7lh jn.Ht., at!i'B.*ilhurat, by the Hev.;j;,' E..'.\ICeun«,,:.M,; -A.-.' John - Piper^ flVIatkiJniJiej'Ejsqr.of'IJociicaith, to' 'Elizabeth, 'eldest daiightgV'of ' T.'Ei Han-kins.. Eso. of lilackdowh.'' ??: :- 1' :'. '?;?' ,'. ' ' -'. ?''?' \ '.' 