TO THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY GAZETTE. Si«, 1 have long- had occasion lo admire the spirit and energy with which you hare invariably vanquished the foe of the Government and yourself, but latterly your forbearance- -in fact your submission--.to the vulgar low wretches who have attacked you in the Australian--n paper which, in my opinion, since its first publication, has contributed to distinct the public mind, und to convert friends into foes, surpasses my comprehension. '1 he Inuguu.e employed in that Journal to yourself personally, and to your paper ge nerally.K th.«t which, inni) apprehension, a geutlemun it tiri a Votary of li nth Mould mini, and is rated accor- dingly by all who have-talked to me on the subject. But « bile titi» is the yellerai opinion, nota few have accused you of having; become pusillanimous,--that you are afmid of ctiioiiiileriug i\n> Australian's per «Dualities--.while others imagine, and perhaps «¡ill more reason, that you despise the mexnnesH resorted to of replying- to vile aspersions und buse iiiueiidoes. Still all agree that the day whs when you would have iusiantly crushed the viper that would have dared to attempt to sting; either you or your friends Is it not enough, Sir, thut the produce of your labours should, day nfler day? be rated in the columns of the Austra~ /tahas a "dirty rag," but that your private trans« actions should he sneered at und reviled-your reli- gious duties lampooned and placed in the most dubious light? Asa fi ¡end, I adjure you to silence your ina ligners, how* ver rude, by the exercise of that talent with which God has gifted'you, and you will gratify nil your well-wishers, aud the-public generally, but none more sincerely than Yours, ice, .' Feb.7,l8ï7. L.H. N Mr. Howe; I see by your paper to-day, that the ghost is at his old tricks again, threatening a prosecution for an alleged libel. Let me tell him, however, that he has poked his own nose into as comfortable a dish of libel as regards yourself, as any sinner could wish to do, and I will lay the proofs before you, if you say that you will print them. The meanness of the fellow in his literary warfare, will be duly estimated by the public. LINKUM DOODLE Pitt Street, Feb. 9th, 1827. 