THE EDUCATION OF YOUTH IN THE PAPAL STATES. (From the New Monthly Magazine of April ltsa.) The spread of knowledge and civil liberty in Italy, Spain, and Portugal, where papal superstition still influences the minds of the lower classes of the peo- ple, as it did in other Catholic countries a century ago, is rendered a work of almost insurmountable difficulty hy the power of the Apostolics, as the French denominate the Ultra priesthood of the Ca- tholic Church. In more northern nations professing the Catholic religion, Its asperities have been softened, and the church has, partaken in a certain degree, of the influence of modern knowledge. In America we see republics just established, which profess tho Catholic faith, and many ecclesiastics of the Roman Church among their founders, aiding to diminish the darkness and disperse the superstition that still en- velopes the minds of a considerable portion of their population—thanks to the odious bigotry of their late Spanish masters! The following paper, there- fore, does not apply to every Catholic country, but only to those where Ultra Catholicism yet reigns tri umphant under the eye of the Pope or Ferdinand ; for as in England we have our Ultra churchmen and our Ultra Tories, and in France they have their Ultra Royalists and priests ; still we have our churchmen and Tories, who in greater numbers partake of the spirit of the time, are enlightened, moderate, learned, and patriotic, to balance our bigots and serviles ; so the Catholic church possesses individuals and nations of different degrees of religious character This ar- ticle, therefore, can afford no excuse for keeping under civil disabllltles eleven-twelfths or the inhabi- tants of a Catholic nation, to secure to the twelfth sordid fraction, at the expense of the other eleven, all its interests, profits, and temporalities, to which the other part has an equal and indefensible right, and the engrossing all which to themselves constitute the end of what is called " Protestant Ascendency," and "Orange Principle." We are not the defenders of Catholic tenets, we are Protestants, but we are, and ever shall be, among the foremost to support the immutable principle of justice, free thought, and eligibility, on the part of all subjects of moral cha racter and conduct, to shew in that which they con- tribute to support, and which claims for them undi- vided duties :— It is not my intention, in the present article, to refute the system of education pursued in the Eccle- siastical States, but only to present it to my readers as it exists, and without the addition of any remarks of my own. In doing this, I am convinced I Am rendering an important service to morals and public liberty ; for the details of Italian domestic education can only be known by those who have been brought up according to its system, and can only be detailed impartially hy such as have shaken off the yoke of the prejudices it imposes. It is impossible to obtain a correct report from Protestants, any more than an unbiassed one from Catholics: It reqhires a Protes tant in principle, and a Catholic by birth and edea. tion, to unveil all the folly and absurdity, both le- gislative and administrative, existing throughout the States of his Holiness. ' That I may not weary my readers by a dry and didactic account, I shall detail the system of education practised in my own case : that Is to say, 1 shall des cribe my childhood and youth, which comprehend all the period occupied jn domestic education, after which comes the education' of society, Which often, thanks to modern civilization, destroys, as it did iu my case, the proceeding species of instruction. The family to which I belonged was composed of my father, then advanced in years, my mother, who was of middle age, and three brothers, of whom I was the youngest. My father was an idolater of antiquity, a mortal enemy of all innovation, except the conver- sion of unbelievers, and consequently an opponent of the political doctrines which began to spread about the commencement of the present century : he was perpetually exhorting us to shun all bad company, viz. that of philosophers, scientific men, and other innovators he would allow none to frequent his house, but monks, friars, and persons extremely de vout : and accordingly, I became the 'most foolish, bigoted, and cowardly child in the world. He had constantly refused to accept any employment under the French government, for he fancied that there could be 'no legitimate government but that of the Vicar of Jesus 'Christ. He had sold a great portion of his property, in order to encounter the expences he incurred in consquence of his obstinacy, or fidelity^ whichever it may be called. He was so sincere and so extravagant in his belief, that on one occasion he seriously thought of flogging himself in the public church. At his age, it would have been more fitting that he should have strengthened his constitution hy good living, than weakened it by penance and blows. 'I Was scarcely of an age to receive my moral edu- cation, when my father sent me to school, where I was taught nothing but the first rudiments of latin— a dead language—taught to children who are igno rant of their native tongue But this system, though absurd at first sight, is not without its uses ; on the contrary, 'it is founded on a deep knowledge of the human heart. The object of papal instructors is not to teach young men but to direct them ; and they do not aim so much at forming the mind as the heart. The mind, on the other hand, is to be managed in their own way—swelled, subjugated, paralysed : for the human mind, when left to itself, naturally searches after truth: it is only by habit and education that it can be perverted, or at least kept back from the knowledge of what is right. The Jesuitical system of education is accordingly wise, inasmuch as it tends to the political ends of a Papal government. Besides the proscription of the sciences—that is to say, the exercise of the reasoning faculty in the education of children, there has also been established a system of punishment, which is admirably adapted for degra- ding and demoralising the pupils. The lash holds the first place among them in the way of punishment and terror. It is to be lamented that the same un- manly degrading mode of discipline still exists in the older Episcopalian grammar schools of England: these retained the discipline of the monks, when the Reformation put down that worthless body, and in- troduced more liberal doctrines ; and, strange to say, they cling to it even at this day. At Rome there is a person employed as corrector, but who ought more properly to be called the executioner : in the English schools before alluded to, the master or usher is also corrector. The corrector undertakes the duty of stripping the pupils and binding their hands and feet when they are to be punished ; and to him is assigned the infliction of the blows. This infamous punish ment, administered in presence of the other scholars, renders the spectators hard-hearted, and ruins the self esteem of the victim, who knows that among the ancient Romans, such a method of chastisement was confined to slaves or criminals under sentence of death. As the lash is administered on very slight occasions in most schools where it exists, and often without any fault whatever on the part of the pupil, the latter very soon acquires a complete distaste for his books, and for all sorts of study. It appears clear, those engaged in the education of the Papal youth have effected, 1st, the debasement of the intellect to the lowest bigotry ;2d, the brutifying the under standing ; 3d, the instilling an aversion to truth and the sciences. I might add to those the result produ ced by their discipline : corporal punishment is in itself so cruel and degrading, young men are led to confound all ideas of the moral nature of offences, and sometimes to believe that killing a man is no greater crime than the omission of learning a verb, or the making a false concord; since the penalty by law of an atrocious act is not more severe than that which he would undergo in consequence of not knowing his lesson. My days at school were thus divided between the teacher and corrector : the one was engaged in teaching me Latin words, the other in whipping me. It is useless here to detail the way in which Latin is taught : I shall allude to it afterwards. It is sufficient to say, that after spending several years at school, preparatory to going to college, not one of the scholars was capable of translating at sight any one of the simplest Latin Classics. Though my time at school was not very well em ployed, as may be inferred from what I have stated, it may he thought that some young people, more fa- voured by nature, employed their time out of school in making up for that which they lost in it, by devo- ting it to better purposes than their sports. But the priests, who provide for all chances, had also at- tended to this little inconvenience : they allowed no interval of time to be unoccupied ; and filling up, as they did, every moment of the pupil's existence, it was mathematically impossible for him to acquire the knowledge of any thing which it was their will he should be ignorant of. Prayers, confessions, sermons, discipline, and penitence, occupied more than the whole of the time which remained to us, after the school-hours were over. Every one knows that the Catholics arc engaged in prayer, not only in the morning and evening, but also three times a-day : the Ave Maria, is sounded in every steeple at break of day, at noon, and in the evening ; there are prayers, moreover, before and after each meal. The devout, besides, go to mass every night. In pious families, they say the Rosary every night. In the greater number of villages, too, the benediction is given in the churches at sun-set. If the daily prayers are all reckoned, the reader will have a sum total of five hours at least; and if he add to these the extraordinary religious functions, such as the no vaines, interments, processions, &c.; he will find that throughout the year six hours may be fairly deducted per diem dedicated to prayer, without reckoning the fêtes, which are entirely devoted to public worship, and which in the Roman Calendar amount to more than one hundred a-year. It is plain from this, that if strictly kept, a large portion of the year is thus subtracted from secular occupations. But though strictness may not be general with adults, the pupils of the schools are subjected to the most rigorous rule. And what sort of prayers are they thus taught ? A muttering of words, to which no understood meaning is attached : music which delights the ear, or at all events distracts the attention of the hearer,—already sufficiently divided between the pomp of the cere- mony, the ornaments of the church, the multitude of the assembled worshippers, and the sight of objects capable of exciting sentiments far different from those which the nature of the place ought to inspire. The mass, however, though, for the reasons already stated, incapable of inspiring the proper emotions which a religious ceremony ought to excite, is at least amu- sing : for the musical instruments, the choirs, and the ceremonies, charm the senses, and fix the attention, when they do not touch the heart ; but what is to be said of the Rosary ? Job, who had the patience to endure all the evils which God inflicted on him as trials, would certainly have lost it if he had been forced daily, during a week, to repeat his Rosary. Before the Saturday had risen he would have broken every head in his chaplet, rather than have under- gone the punishment of repeating the Ave Maria one hundred and fifty times in Latin. This, how- ever, I, a boy, had to endure daily on going home, after having suffered all the other trials. I cannot express the aversion I had conceived for prayer : I saw no purpose in it, and felt convinced that it must fatigue God and the Virgin Mary quite as much as myself. I felt that it would have tired me excessively if any one had addressed me, and if I had been com- pelled to listen to his petition, one hundred and fifty times over. But though the prayers were tiresome and useless, they were only external ceremonies : there was no- thing degrading or tyrannical, properly speaking, in the obligation of praying to the Deity, even in an unknown tongue. It was not so in confession. The first time I went to confess, I prepared myself for it by a self-examination of several hours ; and after having heard, read, and studied the necessary in structions, I was told that the priest who officiated as confessor represented Jesus Christ, and that I ought not to hide any action or thought under pain of damnation from him. Full of this persuasion, after a mature self-examination, I proceeded to the con- fessional. The priest wrapped me in his cloak, and then began to interrogate me by way of encouraging me to voluntary confession. I related to him all that I thought sinful in my conduct ; and among other things stated that I did not like the Rosary, and that I felt a strong sentiment of hatred towards the cor- rector, to whom I eagerly wished to return the blows that he gave me. I did not conceal from him, that in my angry moments, and particularly when under the hands of the corrector, I was sometimes guilty of blasphemy and oaths. Having finished my recital, the priest enquired whether doubts had ever entered my mind as to the truths of religion. I acknow- ledged that I could not conceive how many of the things stated to me could be true, but that neverthe- less I believed them all. He lauded me for this, and told me that in matters of religion we should not see with the eyes of reason, but of faith : that it is precisely because its dogmas appear to us to be false, that they are true ; and that if any doubt arose in my mind, I should shake my head and pronounce these word—" Credo, credo, credo, abi Sathæna !" He advised me, above all things, never to be disobe- dient to the priests, to attend their sermons, to go to mass, and other ceremonies, as often as I was told to do so, and not to doubt that I should be saved if I observed strictly all that my confessors imposed upon me. He then gave me as a penance the repetition daily of six Ave Marias, with my hands under my knees ; after which he allowed me to depart. In the evening, before going to sleep, I knelt down to say the Aves; but on placing my hands between my knees and the ground, I felt that they were not alto- gether at their ease. I accordingly took the precau- tion of getting on my bed, where I could put my hands under my knees, without causing myself any pain by the operation. Confession being one of the principal instruments of the Papal policy, the necessity of it has been care- fully imprinted in the minds of children from their earliest years; and as shame would operate with some as a powerful motive for the concealment of their sins, the priests have invented a thousand lies to terrify those who cannot be tempted to hide any of their weaknesses from them. It ii in their sermons parti- cularly that they urge the necessity of openness in the avowal of sin at the tribunal of penitence. One day when I was in church, and the preacher was talk- ing of the sacrilege those committed who withheld their faults, I heard a story which alarmed me so much, that I would willingly have confessed not only my own faults but those of every one else, lest I should have subjected myself to the punishment which, the preacher said, the sinner of whom he was speaking had undergone. I shall here relate the story, as it serves to givc a sample of the impostures poured by the priests into the ears of youth, and is an illustration of the folly of the auditory that believed in such a ridiculous tale :— "In a Village near Rome, lived a young man named Pelagio, whose exemplary conduct was most edifying to all the inhabitants. He never failed to attend mass throughout tho year. He was constant at confession and communion every week; and he never was seen in anger but when he heard some im- pious or blasphemous speech. He whipped himself, or administered another penance daily : he fasted every Friday: he had a particular devotion for the Virgin Mary and several saints, add was, in short, such a person that he himself was esteemed a saint upon earth: and if be had not committed the enor- mous crime of concealing from his confessor a sin that he had committed, he might have been sure that after his death, more paters would have been addres- sed to him than he himself had ever repeated during his lifetime, and more masses have been said in his honour than he had ever been present at. Pelagio had the misfortune to become acquainted with another young man, whose morals were not so, pure as his own. This sinner led the saint into sins : Pelagio could not resist the temptation, and accordingly he sinned in thought, word, and deed. All this would, have passed over,and the worthy Pelagio would have gone quietly into Paradise, if he had only confessed the sin he had committed : for it is not pretended that man does not sin ; he is required merely to avow his errors : it is beyond the power of man not to fall, but it is very easy for him to acknowledge his lapse. The sins committed against the law of God may be forgiven, but never the sacrilege of concealing them from the confessor against the precept of the Church, which commands us to reveal them. " Pelagio, however, who had always been re- garded as a saint, and who never had had occasion to confess any mortal sin, felt a complete want of cou rage when he found himself compelled to declare to the confessor that he had committed one of those great crimes which make the hair of saints stand on end ; those sins on the committal of which the devil is said to give a grand entertainment in hell, by way of testifying his satisfaction. Pelagio confessed him- self several times after his error : when he went to confess, it was always with the honest intention of declaring his sin ; but the devil so vividly repre- sented to his mind the reproaches of the confessor, and the opprobrium which would certainly fall on the sinner, that Pelagio never found courage to acknow ledge his guilt. He fell sick : death was approach ing, and he sent for a confessor : if he had even at that hour confessed all, he might have been saved : but the devil redoubled his efforts in proportion as the terrors of hell darkened at the approach of death. In short, Pelagio died without having expiated his sin by auricular confession—the only way remaining of rendering the death of Jesus Christ salutary to him. After rendering his soul to the devil, he re- ceived a magnificent funeral, and his remains were left to the veneration of the public for twenty-four hour's before the interment. Every one firmly be- lieving that his soul had ascended to heaven, was anxious to approach the corpse, and to touch it as if it had been a relique. The priests went to console the young man's father, and assured him that though he had lost his son on earth he had gained one in heaven, who would eternally pray for him there until he should have quitted this vale of tears. The father, in order to reply to the consolations which these wor- thy persons lavished on him, gave them money, that prayers and masses might be said for the soul of the defunct, who, though he had never committed what in the opinion of men is regarded as a mortal sin, might nevertheless have occasion for the suffrages of the saints on account of certain venial offences, which even the righteous commit ; for Jesus Christ remarks, that even the just sin seven times daily. The day following the interment, however, the Sacristan having proceeded to open the church and light the candle fur the morning mass, found Pelagio's body out of the grave. Supposing that the assistants had for- gotten to bury it, the Sacristan replaced it there, and shut up the grave with a large stone. But the suc ceediug day, on gang to the church, he was extremely surprised to find that Pelagio had moved agaiu from his place, mid nut being able to persuade himself that the corpse had moved of itself, be guessed that some robber had lifted the body fur the purpose of stripping it. He accordingly went to give notice of tliu fact In the guardian of the convent to which tim church belonged ¡ the latter ordered him lo replace the body in the grave, willum! suspecting in the least the true cause uf the accident ; but the day fallowing, the Sacristan seeing the body of Pelngin aguiu out of its place, be became so exceedingly alarmed, that be ran out of the church exclaiming, * A ghost ! a ghost !' The convent guardian run lo llie help of (be Sncrittan, mid inked what wn« the mallei Ï The Sa- cristan mid him the winde affair; nu which the guar- dian assembled all the monk«, and having put on his sacerdotal Imbil», he proceeded lo the church, and demanded of Pelagio, in llie iiamo of God, why be refused In test in his grave. The guardian at first wa« of opinion that the oody lind nut been interred in a »pot worthy of »nell a holy niau ; but I'elugin'» answer very »nun undeceived bim. Ho insured the guardian that he ennltl not rest in that church, be- cause bis »mil was damned : that he bud committed a great crime without cnnfeaiiug I', and that bis budy must he dug up and carried fnr burial lo a field, where ii should be left lo become fnoil for the crow». Ile also cliurgrd the priet» to take llie viaticum out In» mouth, where it »lill lay iinconsnuietl. After llie viaticum wn» removed, the body of IVIng in became black a» it cuni, and n poisonous tulonr of hell flew about. Tile bmiy wa« taken out of the church, hut there wn» no ncciisinn for carrying it farther ; fur tile moment it issued from llie gale, two devils scixed it and carried it oft'." After hearing tfiii «tory, and oilier« of the «nine description, 1 becutne «a terrified, thnt my imagina- tion changed every object which I »aw ia the dark into a devil. The hikiory uf Peltigio was constantly present lo my young fancy. I was thoroughly re- solved not to commit any sins which I should ve ashamed to confess : but if unfortunately such a thing should happen, I was determined to suffer any thing rather than that my corpse should turn black like Pelagio's. I would willingly have confessed twice as many faults as I ever committed, rather than that I should be devoured by the crows or carried off by devils, in order to drive away temptation, I per- formed all the penances to which the scholars were accustomed, and which I was prescribed. The hea viest among them, however, was the discipline, or voluntary whipping. We went every day after the class to church where the curate was officiating : prayers were recited for about two hours, after which each of us was presented with a whip: the candles were put out, five minutes were allowed to each to undress, after which the curate sang aloud the miserere ¡ which was a signal for all the boys to flog themselves. I thought at first that the curate whipped himself more than any one else ; but on closely observing him, I saw that he addressed all the blows to the wall near him, or hit the ground, while the poor boys (or at least several out of the number) flogged them- selves till the blood came in streams. When the dis- cipline was over, the boys dressed themselves. the lights were illuminated, and the sacristan collected the whips which he had distributed to the penitents. When I had attained the age of fourteen, I was sent to the Roman college to learn the Humanities. The study of Latin was,but a continuation of my studies at the inferior school : the same plan and the same success. Instead of translating the Classics in order to accustom us to composition, we studied the rules which we were to apply to the thèmes which were given us. I did not understand the rules, I could not of course apply them, and I composed in a sort of Latin more barbarous than the soldiers of Attila. But warse than all this, I could not even read with facility any Latin book, however simple: though this should be the direct and principal object of the study of the dead languages. lu the Pope's college it is not intended thal students slmiiId be ailie to comprehend the ancient authors. All llmt i» wanted i«, «but they »linnlil understand the Breviary and tho Ritual, and for this purpose it is nut necessary that they should be able to read Cicero, Livy, and Tacitus. I was taught nothing but the Latin in my college : neither mathematics, history, geography, nor the fine arts were studied. The whole of the time that I was not in my class was passed in religious exercises ; and I had but little time, even in the time of vacation, tu employ in profane reading. Among the profane works lu which I allude, I must class the Bible translated into the vulgar tongue. Indeed I ought to place it among the books expressly forbidden, and registered as such in the Index. One vacation when I was at home, u schoolfellow lent me an Italian bible, belonging lu au Englishman who lod- ged with his parent», and win, bud ul lliut time gone on a tour to Naples, leaving his library at the disposal of the family willi whom he resided. I read this Bible willi considerable plein ure ; but I cumul ven- ture to say how far my pleasure arose from its being ! the word uf dud, ami how far my pleasure arose ' l*i(tin its hviuirtlic word of God, ami how far fiutn its . being a forbidden book. Though 1 never ventured to' «loutit what my confessor» »uni, yet iii reading «he Bible in Italian, that i« to sny, in a language which I could underitiinit'withniit the aid ufa diclinnniy, I wus struck nilli finding no meut mu made of indulgen- cies, «if purgatory, ol Ihe intercession of saints, nor even of the mass. In spite «if my shakings of the head at the devil, he continued to tempt me, iiisinathii* (hat I wa« in lint evil w uy, and that I must believe in the Bible, and not in the priests, lill I was really on the point of turning heretic. But, in suite of the history of Pelagio, I would mit confess having read the Bible. If I had committed the sin of intemperance, of debauch, or any thing else which had nothing to do with religion, I should not have hesitated a moment about confessing it ; but, when my faith was concerned, the case was widely different: for in 'what concerned that, I ran the risk of the Inquisition, and uf beiug destroyed, if not in a public square, as in former times, in a sub. terranean dungeons, as is the practice at present. I was not much afraid of the flames of hell, but I con. fess I was alarmed al the idea of those of earthly fag- gots : by non-confessing myself I should only hazard being burnt after death ; by 'confessing, I should : risk burning to death here, which gave more uneasi ness. 1 was 'in this state of uncertainly when 1 went one day to church, and heard the preacher discourse of the trust that we ought to put in confession, mid of the entire secrecy which the priest ought to preserve. I heard that sins told to the confesor ure merely told lo God ; tt'nd llmt its'lie. never reveals ihe confidence which men place in him, so it was with confessors, who ought lo keep Hie secret* of their penitents, even at the expense of their own lives. On hearing this, I resolved to confess my sin in having read the Bible. A favourable occasion coon offered ilielf in Ihe approaching communion. When Hitit period arrived,- we were prepared fur it by pray en mid penitences and sermon* : these me styled llie Exercises. Wc were conducted lo u huge building, where we were «hut up, and where wé eiiiiId have iioconiniiinicnliuti with the world without. There we were obliged lo hear tuns« every day ; und after the mass lhere was «null a sermon delivered by u Capucin, who bud been sent for expressly for Hint pur- pose These monks are the most hypocritical of any in the church of Rome, and their discourses are the most foolish and the must fanatical that it is possible to hear. They related to us a thousand silly lies about the necessity, the usefulness, and the sanctity of confession, on tho transubstantiation of the bread and wine, and on the origin and nature uf the Eucharist. We really believed all they told us, especially their stories about those who did not confess, and who they assured us would certainly be punished sooner or later. Some had been found dead in their beds, and black as coals, the day after non- confession ; others had fallen down dead suddenly as they approached to receive the sacrament ; and some had been carried off by the devil, the instant they left the church. After the Capuchin's sermon, which lasted fully two hours, wc »aid «orno prayer», mid afterward« went, lo dinner. During the repUil, n religious book «us reid, and the fond was by nu meat!» abundant, Very often I could have dined ti second time without any risk of commit- ting the sin of intemperance. All this was done to mortify the flesh, and to prepare the spirit for re- ceiving the sacrament with that humility and devotion which nie »ii incompatible with goon cheer. We drank wine at table ; but of such a sort and sn well baptised, that if we had drank too much of it, we tnijrlit huvc rendered nurse I ve» dropsical, but never drunk. Wc derived fruin till this a »ireu'ty anti tran iptility «ii* milli), u deposition to devout feelings, which we could never have obtained under any other system of diet. Aller dinner, we had other sermons, other prayers, mid scarcely any recreation. We passed the whole day in this manner ; in tho evening, thcy gave ns n light supper. After supper we recited our last prayers, and went to bed. But befure Ibis, each uf tis bud lu say his uwu private prajers, ami the Paters which he bud received in ibu last cunfessiun. li wa« lifter having passed seven or eight days in these preparatory exercises, that nu could venture tu approach the tribunal of penitence : truly it more terrille ti ¡bunal than thal ni the Deity himself: for lhere we may ttppenr willum! fear when we aie inno- cent : whereas it is precisely iuiuicvuce, ami not guilt, that trembles hefure the prietas. 1 undent cm ii self-vxiltnimiliuii, mid called to my reculleclion bow many times i had read the Billie, what chapters, and what vllcct my rending* had pro- duced upon lue. After having puisctl ia review nil my sim three or fuur limes, und assuring myself that 1 bud omitted none of I bein, I went lo ibu Cuufes sioiial, where sat Hie monk charged tu bear ti«. I did nut »ay al firttthul I had read the Bible. 1 be- ljan hy the catalogue of my Ibis grave tiflcuce», and after having finished ii, 1 caine to my great sin. For this I expected not only u reprimand, bul a very rigorous penitence. I therefore began my confession nf it by n preamble, stating that I bud still to confess a »in of »neb u heavy nature that I durst not nient ion it. The monk exhorted me to be frank, mid it ied to inspire me willi confidence, by telling mc that the goodness of God was far greater than my sins. I then told him that I had read a bad book. The Con fessor thought I alluded to some immoral and irreligi- ons French romance. He asked me if I had read Voltaire, Pigault le Brun, or other authors of that class, I told him that I had not; and repeated at last the word Testament. At this word the monk seemed thunderstruck : he cried out, "Was it the Latin Testament or the Italian ?" I told him it was the Italian: on which he said, "My dear child, I would much rather you had read Voltaire, La Fou- lairc, any book, rather than you should have read the Bible, in the vulgar tongue." My confessor added many arguments to prove the impropriety of reading the Bible in the vulgar tongue without special direc- tions and explanations : but though they failed to con- vince me, I was forced, to avoid the scandal which wohIiI nut have fuiled to emite fruin my rejection from the communion- table (which 1 «lurot nut ap pruaoh william Hie priest's absolution).-I was for- ced, I »ay, to reqnut the monk to absolve me, n»simiig bim that 1 did not request absolution unless he thought I met ¡led it : but thal 1 did nut wish lo add lu my other »in», Hist ol the »cundill which my uoii.cummn nioa would occasion. The priest, perceiving that I re- pented, consented to gram me nbsululioii : be lifted hil bands, luid them on me. and absulved mc from nil ?ins, whether morliil or vcuial. 1 could now pruceed to the coniinuniun-tnble, which I |did in company willi my colleagues lo the number ul two hundred. I approached Hie mcred lultle with Hie awe mid de volion which the sanctity uf the ceremony required The ceremony of the sacrament is peculiarly solemn among Catholics, as they Ibcii believe thal lliey par- take of Hie actual budy of Jeiu» Christ. My lemon was a little wininded at b»ing obliged lo recugui/.e Hie real body of Christ iii lite shape of bread : bull re- called lu my inind what bad «tuco been told nie by oue ttf my Confesiors--lliut it is prtciscly becau«e in rrligjltn ii Hnig seems false that it is lrne---l sacrificed my reason to the faith, mid believed it as 1 could. I had been told not to touch the holy wafer with my teeth, but lu let it fix itself lo my pulule. I look till the necessary precautions, and swallowed the body of Jesus Christ. When 1 had swallowed the holy wafer, I withdrew from Hie sacred table, and retired into ? comer to return thanks unto God fur the honour he had vouch- safed me in condescending to enter into my body. Aflrr my privulc devotion«, wc had general prayers, and (ben left the church mid went lo our several hume«. My father received mc with open arm», lo testify the juy be felt at my communion, mid »aid-to mc, iu n voice full of emotion : " Come and embrace me, now that you me u true clirisliiiu: how happy ought ytiu to be at receiviog the budy of your Sa- viour inln your own ! 1 receive it myself from, time to time, but Hie pleasure I feel from it i* by no mean« so vivida» it once wa»-us it now is with yuu witt» buve this day received it fur Hie first lillie." My mother and tile other member* of my family rejoiced willi me equally on this happy occasion; and my luther hod a party of friends whom he had invited tins duy lo dinner to celebrate my first communion. It was thus that I was educated in morality and in religion. But, besides the good counsel» 1 reueived at the Roman college, I had a preceptor and a spir- ntai father in the person of tin* Curate of (lie Rotunda, Hie Abbe Buna; whom 1 visited daily, and win» relu ted lu me niiinciuu» stories, mid uniting Hie rest, that of Pelagio. This Atibé nutt the Abbé Angeloni were the «idly two who had the righi of exorcising within Ibu States belonging tu Hie l'ope. I was willi lum une tiny, when 1 heard that he was going to di«iniss it tlevil ¡tom the budy uf a pussessed wumiiu in the churchill' St. Augustine. The Abbi B-tuci exhorted me la have no fears on the occasion, for the evil spirit could do no harm without the express permission nf Gud ur his priests; mid that be wa« compelled lo reply to, and obey the exorcist«, provided the hiller addressed bim in Lutin. I asked the Abli¿, why Gud permitted tin' devil to enter into people'» bodie» ; to which he replied, Hist it wa« sometime» to try them, ii« in the case of a saint who had the devil within bim fur two months, ile added, lliut after the devil wa« driven oat of a budy, the cxpiriscssed found himself exhausted ; for the devil during hit »lay, was ia con stunt ngititliuu, making the patient «lance varimis sui'uof measure», and even wull/.c*, which were alto, gelber unknown tu professors nf the saltatory uri. lu .borl, that n person possessed lind never a moment ol' repose, and liad'not even leisure to eat. If the devil were subject to sleep or hunger as men are, he would, of course, leave ibu pi-.tieut rome moment» «if test ; but as he is never either lutigued, ur hungry, or sick, be could perfunn liiigatnbulslur ever. While Hie cúrale wa» explaining to mc in this »lyle the nature mid effects of demoniac possession, wu lieurd the »omul of the carriage which arrived for the pur pine of currying the exorcist to the church, where the lady who wa« possessed by Ihe devil lind been conveyed. Ile gul into the coach, and carried me alung wUli him. Ile touk with lum his sacerdutal Imbil«, und some Ixioks containing the f.innulurie« of exorcism. On our arrival ut the church, we found Hie giiti-s'cloied, to »ri-vent ihe entrance of nu i tut ti _ merable crowd, which wa« wailing to cce Hie pos- sessed woman. We entered by a hack door, at which ne found about two hundred person». The woman possessed seemed about forty year« of ngv, exceed- ingly ugly und ill- made. The priest, in his costume of exorcist, having opened his ritual, approacbed her; Upon which she uttered Hie most hideous cries. The enrule heguu his exorcism by sprinkling holy water, and «nid to her ia Latin : " Evil «pirn, 1 command tboe in the name of Gud 'to give me a signal that thou poiseisest this woman : lift thy right hand." The woman lifted her righi limul ; and Hie priest, who was surrounded by all the monks t f Hie eo ive ut, and about fifty oilier ecclesiastics, tutnjtl ti,wards ttieni Und «aid to them, "The devil is .within her: .there- fore 1 will commence the exorcism." The woman titra begun to run about the «huroh, followed by 'the priest with Hie sprinkling-brush mid holy water, which lie threw aver her, saying, " I charge thee in Hu- ilume of Gud to »eat thee on tiri» bench, lo leave thi« hotly in peace for one hour, and to reply to llie question» 'which I »hall uddrei» lu thee." The pos- sessed woman sat down murmuring at the exorcist, who asked the devil how loug he lind inhabited the woman's body ? He replied, that he lind utily loth/cl in it fur len duy». When uiked for winn reason he had entered into the woman, he replied, "i-wül not tell," ami »pit in the fact of the prieal, who wiped hi» face with a handkerchief without shewing anjn signs «if auger, tu give the spectators a high notion of Ins patience. Ile then «aid to the devil ¡aj Lathi :{ " I eouiinand thee ¡utile u.tine 'of (jjd ti» tell me thy' motive without,delay t" nnd »ttying these word«,he»} sur ink led the possessed woman willi linly water., The .devil, «uinmoiied.in ibis peremptory manner lo'reply, ? , «aid, " That womat» is foo devout : slié I« eoitifánily'l ' doing penance. -She mortifie« Hie flesh by failing, discipline, «nil other snrtiuf ¡iii ¡di¡nu«, «o Hutt I coil*; dot make her full into sin. When she and« herself on the point of yielding, »he recommend«' lierielf to the tniult, lo the Virgin, und io God, and linn »cur)'« tit my templin ians ; nuil 1 have asked uf God permission to enter hilo llie budy nf ibis woman, lo »ee whether 1 cnlinot, by being constantly near her, leud her into temptation. The eucolo then said tit Hie devil, "I coimuiintl thee tu leuve her in peace for »onie mo- ment»." At these word« the demoniac threw herself on the ground, and fell nsleep. The curate remained near her with tho linly water in hi» band, least the devil should wake nguiu. All Ibis »cene bud been arranged between Ilia woman and the enrule before- hand, »o that there was not a «oui atnniig the spectator« who doubtft! fur a moment of the reality of her pos- session by Hie devil. Every one hu« induced lu be- lieve that it W11« aetiinlly the devil who «puke by the mouth of the wnmnn, seeing thal she »puke always Latin, a longue of which women are ignorant, espe- cial!} in Italy, where ii is only spoken by priests and devil«. While the wnmnn slept near the Abbé II--. wliute holy water kept the devil in check, the Abba Angiiuni entered. I have already ' staled that these two dignitaries wer« the (inly nuHiorinett exoicisl» in Ibu Pope's dominion*. The Abbé B--- then sur- rendered lu bim his costume, Hie holy water, ami the ritual, and departed, taking me along with him. lu our way home he said lo inn : " See how we lire ex- pired lo Hie persecutions nf lite evil one : this devil whom I have been exorcising, having been driven nut nf I'urndisf, does nut with that men should go thither : lie would wish us ntl lo go to bell where be keeps his emu t. Hell i« already sufficiently peopled : mid tliat nut by tho ni uti morely, bul by persons «if cnusidcratiuu-by kiu^s, curates, and magistrates i We ought tn pray to Gud lo refuse permission tu Hie J devil lo trmpt 11«, or ut ull events to give iii strengths lo resist bim, if he does lint chouse, to refuse the devil I the permission aforesaid," 1 heard this harangue j willi thu {rrciitcstt attention, believing the curate lu b« a salut and a »age: but 1 was suon ufler unde- ceived, for lie was one ol'llie Hist In swear fidelity and allegiance ti» tilt- French, while the Pnpe aud'Car diliuls were carried off from Home for refusing. Every duy I went lu visit ¡he di'iuuiiiac, as did many other», some fruin devotion, und «then fur spurt ; thnugh few quilled the church iilipersunded Hint the woman w11» reilly piisaessed. The print still con- tinued to exorcise the spirit, pultin.; questions, lu which Ilia woniuu seemed lu reply on compulsion, iicciimpanied with ttbuse. Sim uttered blasphemies ami obscenities inniiuiettilde. Tho curate ciiiiiinniidetl the spirit In quit the butlv of the woman, mid to re- llim lu hell fruin whence it caine ; but the devil though obedient on ull other point», wn» extremely recusant upon Ibis uno. He told Hie priest, that having entered into the woman hy Hie permisnion uf (iod, be would nut be driven out of it by «ho orders of u priest. Besides, though the woman possessed was not particularly handsome, as I have said, her body was, of course, a far more agreeable residence for a devil than hell-fire. The priest, however, pronounced the final and fatal adjuration, and the devil was at length obliged to engage to quit the woman on the Sunday following. The priest could, of course, have easily compelled the devil to dislodge from the demo- niac at once, and would, perhaps have done so, if j the case hail been his own; bul. lor the frier y of Gud, be thought it would be better to wait for a' holiday, in order that all the people might be witnesses of the miracle. The uir-utc inquired al what liuur the evil spirit proposed lu «el ufF fur bell, bul this Hie- de fil refused lu tell. In hi» opinion Hie curate might to have been »iliificd with knowing the day «if Ins ilopurtiire, without carrying Iii» curiosity »s> Uti »» to a«k Ihe preciic hour: but tho prie»! i misled nu the hitler point, and required the devil to leave Hie woman 011 the following Sunday during Hie celebra- tion nf muss, otid at Hie moment of the elevmioa uf the bust. On the arrival of liri» fnmniii Sundny, ihe pouessctl woman was carried into one of the chambers of the church. She uttered the must piercing cries. The ^ emule told me lli.it Hie devil, engaged that he was so soon to be dislodged, uttered those shrieke through Hie ' mouth of the woman. The hiller, when the mass began, was bruught in front of I Ik high ullur, bdwecu the two exurciils : she at first refused to go, but by means of a plentiful sprinkling of holy water, and some Latin words, they succeeded in dragging her to the spot destined for the final exorcism. The priest« ordered her, in Hie name of Gud, lo remain ¡11 pence, and the devil obeyed. At the moment of the eleva- tion of the host, the woman uttering a loud cry, fell to the ground seemingly half dead, and remained there »unie lima with her muutli open, even 1 (ter muss witt hni.lied. Al laslike cxurclst ooiiiinniiiled lier lo rise, which slip «lid: a* _l«Jr« «ante lime counterfeiting mud. ne««, und prefenc'ting to remember nothing lliut had happened. She said she felt' a pain and lassitude throughout her whole body; on which s»he was asked if she wished to go to her own home. She replied she wished first to return I lunik» to God for having delivered lier front the evil »p'irit, and requested Hie culigregution tu join her in praise. The curate, as well as all the other priests present, knelt down to thank God for having delivered the woman out of the clutches of the devil. All the po- pulace being desirous of seeing her, she was placed ia a carriage, and transported to a convent of nuns, and firmly believed to be a saint... It is by such ma- ncsuvre, and such pious frauds that the people are kept in obedience, servility, and ignorance, and made to pay dearly in this world for the hope of being happy in the next. 