Imperial Parliment HOUSE OF COMMONS MARCH 5 1827 CATHOLIC CLAIMS Sir Francis Burdett rose to bring the question under the regular consideration of the House. When he remembered who had been its former advocates. Burke, Fox, Pitt, Sheridan and Gratian, besides a host of others whom he would not enumerate, forming altogether a constellation of intellect not to be exceeded in any age or country - he thought that man must be very bold indeed, who, without much reflection would venture to stand out against such authority, or without being able to advance some powerful reason for resisting it. Upon almost all other questions those great men were at ??rainer...and united only in this and when it was considered that in advocating this measure they had nothing to gain in popularity. but were stemming the torrent of public prejudice, it was quite clear that they never would have united in such a course but from the certain and irresistible conviction that they were thereby pursuing the best interests of the country. Therefore they had the authority not only of the intellect of those great men, but also of the pure and patriotic motives by which alone they must have been influenced. Their great minds had, indeed, removed the difficulities by which the queston was once surrounded: they had dispelled the clouds of ignorance, almost turned the tide of pre- judier, disenembered it of the learning and cusuistry? in which it had been enveloped, and left it stripped to the natural state of right, justice, and common sense. But he should found the claims of his Catholic countrymen not only upon justice and policy, but upon the faith of trea????. He implored the House to come to the discussion with their minds free from the animosities and acerbities which he was sorry had occurred upon a late occasion. (Hear, Hear.) He hoped that every member would lay aside all personalities, and that those expressions would not be deemend argument, which only referred to the individual actions of others. Where men's passion are roused, and their expectations defeated, everyone would allow there was some reason for provocation: and it would not be just to urge all that might have been done or said upon any side. It has been objected to the Catholic religion that it was incompatible with the existence of liberty in the state. But who could call to mind the deeds and the renown of our Catholic Ancestors by whom was achieved all that we had of liberty and to whom we wre indebted for all our free institutions who could remember this and maintain that the Catholic religion was incompatable with the freedom of the people. Yet the very names which stood most conspicuous in those of our ???? which recorded the founding of our liberties, were now prescribed and shut out from the enjoyment of the blessings they conferred upon the country and for which they all continued to shed their blood. The names of the heroes of Creasy and Agincourt were the same as those of Waterloo - The name of Howard at once ocured conspicuous in them equally. (Cheers). He then referred to a letter of Edward the First and his Barons to the Pope......, disclaiming the right of the Pope to interfere in the temporal concerns of England. This ought to remove the fear of that slavish subservieney to the Sea of Rome which was said to be inseparable from the Catholic religion. Sir Francis next allured to the circumstances under which the disabilities of the Catholics were imposed, contending that the same dangers and the same excitement of men's minds n longer existing, the Legislature of the present day ought to be ashamed of perpetuating acts then only resorted to under a mistaken and groundless apprehension. When Parliment of itself had thought fir to reverse the atainer of that innocent and martyres victim to the blind passions of his time, Lord Stafford- when this tardy and unavading justice had been done, he hoped that House would not refuse some reparation to those innocent persons who still laboured under disqualifications inflicted under the same mistaken notions of unfounded danger. He thought the Catholics of Ireland had a right to call upon the House to fulfill the stipulation of the treaty of Limerick, by which, he contended, they were guaranteed from the imposition of all oaths but the oath of allegiance. He could not conceive how it could be said that faith had been kept with the Catholics, when by other oaths only, and by new made oaths to, they had since been kept from office and political power. This he thought made out the rights of the Catholics of Ireland. But when he came to consider the case of the Catholics of England and remembered that amongst them were some of the most illustrious names the country ever boasted... when he considered tat as a body their conduct was irreprouchable, that perhaps no body of men in the country could better or so well meet the test of scrutiny either in their public or private characters...and when he remembered that these men upon whom no reproach had ever been cast, were in a worse situation than their Catholic bretheren in Ireland, he could not understand those persons who refused to admit conduct so irreproachable as a ground for relaxing the severities of the law and at the same time refused to great any further relief to the Catholice of Ireland, because they ad taken a different course, not quite palateable to the House. This proved to him that so long as the Catholics lay down willing to be trampled upon so long would they be trampled upon. (Cheers) A treaty, the policy of which many persons questioned,, and the consequences of which many looked to with dread and lately been honourably adhered to by this country, or the purpose of supporting the house of Bragauza on the throne of Portugal. But if the national honour and policy called for the faithful discharge of that treaty, how much more were we bound to fulfill our obligations to our attached Catholic brethren In Ireland? After alluding to a passage in the letters of Mr. Burke which have been recently published Sir Francis contended, that the system of conciliation lately arried on in Ireland, and originally introduced by Mr Pitt would prove an injury instead of a blessing, if this measure were witheld. There was nothing wiser than to strike off the ?etters of that country, one by one, until its people were ready for the full and free action of liberty. Mr Pitt was the first who introduced the system, but he perhaps begun at the wrong end. Perhaps it would have been wiser in the first instance to have restores the higher clauses than to have elevated the people, by a partial enjoyment of their rights, to a livelier sense of wrongs and injuries stil to be inflicted. But it was most preposterous to suppose that after having enabled Catholics to hold landed property, to enter the liberal professious and to exercise other rights and privileges in common with their fellow subjects...it was absurd to imagine that they could still be treated as when oppression and ignorance had bent their minds to that condition to which hope was as tranger, and to which none but feelings partaking of its own grovelling nature were allied. Irish genius and Irish intellect had taken a start which chains could no longer control; and if this measure were to be refused, then Mr Pitt had only been inflicting so many injuries upon the country in all that he had done for it. It appeared to him inconceivable how gentlemen who professed to be the followers of Mr Pitt could, upon the question of the Union with Ireland, where his abilities and comprehensive mind had taken their grandest scope, there cast him off....there consider him a childish statesman, of no authority or weight. (Cheers) Sir Francis then referred to Mr. Pitt's declarations upon the question and contended that they admitted of no interpretation but one.....namely, that the restoration of the Catholics to all their rights, was the ultimate object of his measures. and that the Union with Ireland never could be substabtial until Mr. Pitt's scheme should be completed. Opposition to that scheme would have the effect of maintaing in Ireland, at the expense of this country, a janta of jobbers, as they had been justly called by Mr. Burke; therefore that junta would be ready to oppose Eunancipation; they would oppose the Union; they would be ready to blow the tires of dissention..they reaped the emulument while England and the Parliment reaped the shame and the disgrace. But if Mr Pitt's Union were really carried into effect, instead of being a continual drain upon her finances, Ireland would be pouring wealth into the lap of England; instead of beong her shame and her reproach, she would be her pride and her glory; instead of being to her a point of atack open to every enemy, she would be her bulwark and her defence against the world. He believed that all aprties concurred in stating that things could not continue as they are. He would say, then, to those who opposed this measure, that he had a right to call upon them for their proposotopns..to show what ???? natives they had to offer. (Cheers) In other countries, persons of eery religion were participators in the general benefits of the government, whlst in England alone was to be found a system of religious exclusion No other Government was jealous of its subjects on account of a difference of religious opinions. There was a difference in degree but no difference in principle, between the religios persecutions of your the burning at the faggot and the penalties, the stigma and the disadvantages now imposed in England on account of religion. In France, in Spain, all over the world a difference of civil rights had ceased to be iinmade on account of a difference of religious opinions. Catholics and Protestants, persons of every religious denomination, live together in friendship in other countries. They associate as good neighbours, as good freinds, and are faithful to each other in all the duties of life. No man asked another what religion he was of. All partook of the general advantages for all had to beat the common bruthens. England was the only exception. He hoped at least that the Home would not retrograde from what three successive Parliaments had done, but once more show that the Commons of England did not deserve to share in that reproach. He treated the dangers which many geu???? apprehended from the carrying of this question as mere phantoms of fear..as apprehensions much of thae same nature as those which formerly existed with regard to ghosts and witches. What should they do by tis measure? They should be restoring the prerogutive of the King to a least whom he pleased to fill the offices of state. They should give the power to four or five illustrions families to take their seats in the other House; and the same rights would be restored to about the same number of noble families in Ireland. They should further give the power to the freeholders of both countries to send a few Catholic gentlemen to that House; and there would be the extent of a measure which, if not now, must soon prevail, by the weight and justice of its claims. The question was now become practically this...could the people of Ireland be left to remain in their present state? He conceived it to be utterly impossible. He was satisfied, and he would say with the utmost confidence, that the Catholics of Ireland would be more wisely directed, if, instead of continually holding up before their eyes the wrongs that have been done to them, their leaders would pass them over altogether \---if they would point out the striders they have made in obtaining a cu??? the am liorution of their condition....the relaxation of the violence under which their forefathers grounded, and the gradually increasing I herality of this country towards them. The Catholics must see the security for their ultimate triumph, if they reflected that the systems of un??eliorution was always progressive, and never retroginded; and if they determined to pursue their object with steady perseverance and calm discression. Sir Francis allured to the king's visit to Ieland, and to his Majesty's letter to the people of that country; arguing that they may have expected the emunicipation of the Catholics follow those events. It was on that count that his Majesty was received by the people of Ireland with a feeling as though he had been their Meassaih, come with "healing on his wings". The language of his Majesty's farewell letter, addressed to warm-hearted, faithful, affectionate subjects, speak as plainly as language could speak; and if the Royal visit was not meant merely as a delusion. a mockery, and a cheat, they must be freed from the disabilities under which they laboured. Some decisive measure must be adopted, unless they were prepared to witness a revival of those dreadful and desolating days even the rememberance of wich every friend to his country must fervently deme to ?? rooted out. Unless they wished to se the turmoil and misery of 1798 renewed \-- unless their minds were made up to behold the sea covered with exiles, and the land covered with blood and desolation, they should no longer pause nor hesitate but at once decide on the course which should be adopted. Two paths lay before them, running in different directions, and leading to opposite points, like those described by the poet........ "Hic locus est, partes ubi se via findit in ambas Dextera que Ditis magni sub moenia tendit hic iter Elysium nobis ac laeva malorum exercet poenas et ad impia Tartara mittit He trusted that the right path would be followed....it was still open to them; and his most ardent wish was. that every gentleman in the House would lay aside all personal and aerimonious feelings and to come to the consideration and settlement of this question in the manner worthy of its important and vital character. Sir Francis Burdett concluded by moving, " That this House is deeply impressed with the necessity of taking into its immediate consideration the present state of the laws by means of which their Romas Catholic fellow subjects are affected with civil disabilities, with a view to their relief from the same. Lord Morpeth seconded the motion in a speech of some length, which was well received as the promising effort of a young member, The main question for the consideration of the House was this, were those who came determined to negative the motion that night content with the present state of things in Ireland? And if not were they prepared to submit to the House any substitue by which the tranquility and hapiness of Ireland could be secured? Unless they acceded to this measure, or came provided with an effective substitute for it, it would be in vain to rail at the conduct of the priests and lawyers, and other leaders of the Catholics in that country. (Cheers) Mi (¡. I) uti ni kpoke ut u greiil le >|,'lli on th« nillir «ide. Sir Fruin n Bindi li wiih mistaken in lu» itllu ?inti to (lit Irintv «if I inieiitk-that ti inly bud no referente wliulev« r tu uililiciil righi, it lily pra vided for the enjoyment of the religion and property «if the Catholic», and without linn in «ly tiny could not t xentsc their riligioti ii nil Anv pirsuiiun iiL(|iiuiiiti-d willi llie nul «lull of Inland, would imagine, fi nu llie «petclu« nindi ni thul lintis«, thul llu Uomiiii ( min lu» «vi it iii i »late ol binni i"t , bul «in It «a« nut the lau, tiny « nj >y i d iht lilui ty of ktireth und of nellan lu eviry »ay in common with ilieir I'rolektiint bnttiini (/ angfihr ) I lit uvit tiirtiing of the I'rnlealaiit tiligiiiii «va» tin gn it «?bj« « t intuí «I ul by Hu (.Ulli die», und fruin t,« ni ra- ll m 11 gi ut rilli in tin y bud b« eli nifipili d willi ingii iiiiiiii for llie of < rtlinn» uf the "lorinna « sliihlislu d j church, by the harangues of Catholic demagogues. Tor lina olijicl the pi u ali bud lu en nlwnys »Haggling ¡ Wlinl bud untied llie tit «ulainig war» win« li lind mi long iiviriprtiiil Irtliud' Catholic boaliltly lo llie t«liihh»ht d I'rotealiuil Churt-li. A new body had lui« ly «pi ung up ut lito politic «1 rone« ni« «if tin < lum try. Ibu Unman Catholic c1« igv, who lind In line confined themselves to the spiritual interests of their Hoi k», b id 1 ittly ititi rfeittl lu pnltlical mulina, mid wield« d ii deapotit utilliurity ull «iv« i Ibu country, llie nul u ral eounixion bttwtiu luiullniil mid ti nant luid I lily bnu uluinal ilislioynl by the nilli Ititiu e of the Catholic tit rg« , mid «tit« It to tit siippisnt tlntl pi riona «vii i pnasi ssi(I, anil prnpiily pn.siKkiil, llu« gil til in fl ii net, »lui ititi ii sign It to nilli is t, «bulli it did not properly belong ? The Irish landlords had gtvtn llu ir pu ki'ski um In llu teniitil» in ii gi ml itiiu snre fin li rir own lu nell I (( Acfi.t ) A gnu! pir turn of the Irish Inuoa wrie mulei roi ut »ucb ti manner as to make them freeholds ; and the tenants »«11,111101110 m« nillir, fi» i ni lum season, i uiisi ilinit lutiitslii» hu lim liiuilliiid» (Limit lulu nf /tatt, hear J if time «trt u iy tilt) tliougli» lina ttu» tin litrgi n po»ti in tht limul» ol iht I indlnid", «oulil tiny In ¡ii vc lluit li tullid ht lus iliiugt linn by luing tr itikfi mil tn llu pi ti »I»' Suth u jiowt r nu» »itr.lv lu Hi t liligi d in tin Ininti» of llinsi who «ne li gilnnnli ly intiilid to U Hut Ihest pi nat» had rikiilnl to tin mi»! iiiifmr ptutiitis, ami lu tht most grokk di ti pti mi ih<) llinuti ut ti linn (lutka «lill »In mil piuiuhnii nt if tiny did nut vnle I ir lim c- «lui wiri, fro tully lo llu Cullinlit ti ums, uni am I, thul Ihr n nijnuin of llu Cbuitli tvoiild di steiul on llu iii ; thal liny »nulli lu ritiistdth« billi hu ol iihsiilutiun, of the sacraments, and even of extreme unction. He \\*«nilli t, it« tin I! nu piuofs uf ihn p« mu uni', lullii enet mid hhiiIi. I uni Wilt tim d'* Cutlnlic ti Hauls, In lln mimbi i nf tin liomin ii, li id sunn tun« b« fun llu hill i li (lum nrtsinlidii minutan ¡illili i s» tolos I unl.liip, piotiiikiug "not I» lui! lb« ti lil i I Iniil «Inn tin ila) ol ti ml tiimi ," hill »hill li (lui tom. ,in llu spin illino sliuit nunn lis, tilt gnmn linn ol llu»i flit bulldut! tiiiiinla vol« I ngiiinst linn landlord. This was monstrous treachery, and it was placed by themselves to the account of their priests ; ? ti in oof ol wlutli lu lind »« vtt ti nfbdiivil« A priist (Mich til lulim) would outlier linn (he ciuifikHioii« of thurn »hnviiliil foi suth lamlulal« s na oppusnl lint Ctilbtihc thums, uni l,iu lb« m < x In nu nnttioii, lull would »utlti lln in lo du hkt bnial» (./tear, una it lau'h) Aniitlu r pttiHl hail staled lu his lim k, lilli r an vit«, (hut lu bud ii fi tv winds lo say lo llitm, mu! tin st tt« ri, lo lu « an of llu-gillis uf lu 11, oIIiliiiim tin gnlc» of ( m hil, binnu (ti ki it uf lim Manpiis of Willi I foi d,) which «tit uotv (»pin foi llu m Aiiullui prit st Ihn tilt iii ti his (I itk with ull (lu vinginnt« of the Cburelt tullis* llu y voltd for Mi V Siiuol A milli« i piiPkl litrtuteiiiil lu» ilutk willi '* thou iiiiil, ? ii tin depth* of the »«ii, mid willi au km »it ol wlutli lluy would tu«et iii" "d," if they Voted foi l.onl G Rtieaford. A nut Inr pneal lind «tilt* .1 to lu» flick, Iliul till llie prual» luid «udi r» from Huir bishop« lo »i«, lluit nu Cttlboht» «nifehi to vole for toni O II« r« «Im d, or if llu« did tiny would go tn lit« «I« vii ile iingln kim« Mimbil facn iifj uno sixtim mon pritsl». Tiny lud tutu tile I lu iii ii «»bj« .', is lb t iiliiny» dil winn llu y In nij lit llu ti spin mil iiiflu inti to 1)1 ui on lln piipul Hum II Ililli lu Hld »lib the utmost astonishment, some remarks made by the Alltirtii« (iiiiiril(i|>|iikili (I'iiiuki It J ul ill« i lo llu lilli rf(t(itC( of llu ilLrgy ofll» l'uni klutil ( at tbh li d Chun h tu < ti i.liuiis lb« Pi oil slant tslalillalinl rlergv lind ti n.lii lo inliifiiciii mint nu «sun, lu- can»« lluy tin ins« Itts li ni finhnldi mut v iii«, but ihey li ul untictt inly tulrifiitil in llu- iiiaiilui lo which the I nilinlit clngy luid r«f«n««l. Mi. Sjiruig Hftc rnniirk« «1, llmt Mi Diw«on lind been »low to au»««cr the chullenge llirottu out to thosi who opposid llu in ilion, to atnie prtc »ely wlinl trns tin aliiiiuilivi Ibty coutimpliiied. lhere wen (nil two loiimik, rithtr to grunt ide Kunnin Cuiliolu clmiiii, orlo hiipprt ki niul «ilbdiii tht Ciillinltc« Hill if Hu opponents of llie Ciil'u lit» «bullid han »lu will (iidilupl tin-« luttet tiltertiiilivt, lind lluy lb» mummil t x11 nungil' or did lln y think tim« tluliiah naium «uni J «ii bin it to it' He next pniiUid out lilt uieuii »iklciicy of nlying upun llie nthd iv its intuit by iloiii-in (Jilliolica, niul ni Hu «nine Unit niuiiituiiung (fm auch win tile li)|)fltoi«is on wlutli the nppoHile .irgininni n an ti) ibu» Culb die» win mil H> bt lit lu v« ii on (luir (Hillls Hi li iii rd titi iliiiiasnciiilniii bilwnti Hu lund Innis nail tt'iiiuiu ol Willoi furd m mi oldti origin llu lal« «li i lum, n mid«, lu nu iippml by ill« I'm liNtmit di h gul«« of DiingaiiiiDii, lo the I'mti »tniil eltttiusol I n I nul, mid it tullid upon them on (hi gi muni of duty li i niisdve» mid lit inn lilli« Catholic electors had shown less zeal than they did klnw, it mu lit linn hive lu on uignl (I al I'm lilli- pation was the cause of a few only, and that the ye, iiimiiy und fite'iuliU rs cninl nothing alunit ii. Willi liquid to lb« i induct of (lit ni min i a of tim Asm tinlinn, be tin» mil tullid upun lu di li ntl i!, but lu tt mid isk of lliuii » Im hjiitnl lott Vkkiintiiio i ou tht »lint olii» imli me, «tittil n, if lit Aaso« intim» were tranquil they would consent to Emancipation ? If tti« v would ntl, lluy bud no ru,hl to na« iht noli nt i til ()'( in mil, Slu ii, mid mini (nib ill« lullt«, nan it uki 11111,111 11 «as un» llu 1 li 1 nilli hutn, mid lu tv uiltl tipp« ul lo tltt iippoiitfic« of ton. iissinn is to llu Inn« ni 11 ml v Ins!, lu wi util 11 t| urti it In« ml ni 1 tit tn«, win llu r it w11« p laatl It now, by 11 ( lulu latani of p ililli ul t« imIdiii or li gisluliie ninjoi 1 lu kuti lina ipi sit in tttn iiiiult/td, ti ««on Id »how Ilitl the bulli Illn npp unit» uf 1 munt ipnii m km w ni ililli!'' lib It In lui ii, lining h In »nulli n 1st« lb it III«« did 11 1 nu« iibuiil it llu ti u mi» ul r mum 1 I alton, on iii nibil limul, lint tt Hu cunnii) will, nul lluy »in llu In si nf »lliiisms, fin, if llu 1 im «t rt ultu 1 t linn what lluy sluli ii ii lo lu, ¡lu 1 |ln 1 of piasiug llu billin riliin Kunian« ilhulu s Ir mt ills, iihilitu s, » mill be to «ni Iuiii,« 1 llu lne> mid pi ipi r lu» ti l'i ilisiiini«, niul tin «ii!» of linn "tun! in« ml 1 rs if tin II in« nf (uiiiiuiiiH In »iippiuli ', llui« inrtistiri, llunlnri, lluy inn Iht dial possible ph di« ? f lit« ir »nu 1 nit. M V Iii ia Sliinrl di ft mini tin C »tin In « I« rgj (.mil ibtil thal lu sh mid viulieati ttu ititi 1 fi 11 tu t if 1 hitit linn 11 11 ti mp mil nihill» II« km tv no htu ,'ilugi »li nug 1 nungil tnlXpnss lils «nuil inntili ill ni kit« It 11 priu lu« , buln« iii/, ilaungiii ii» Hil en lib« I nul n 011 ki «I 1 ni 11 l ut llu tilt nu 11 »lio «ni Inn must In ( I'V mil lit,¡mist 11, it 1 \11I1 d III h in no hill pil 1, lint s mu 11 L, ni, tint tin (lilli du il«r"), trout tin |n « nillir lint tlsl ip ni llu kiln iii iii in »hlih tin ) »en pi m ii, »in I mil, m s II ililimi, tu lilli« lb« i»ui>)i|i! sit lln ni hy n uni uf thin |*n Itsiiint bu- llum, « ilhuiit any ol linn im um mil pi Iii ittoti» {Miali t/iciriHg) Wob napntto llu tmiluft ol ilia futly-kliilli 1 m 1 bnldtti, lu »us him:,« II favour ubi« (0 llu fin intim «u 1 I the liindluril« »vii llitir leiinulrv, lb ililli b iv ii s uni mi uilvnttile lor iihanliitt t ntril II« «islidtin.ui 11 temoin \ grulcful lui llie llui inunlu 1 11 i« cling liilidlonl, Inn tin rt ttno Intnl. I 1 1 tunde, nu ti (, 1 lu 1 ustly niul ultu 1 tirltll« A mill 11 1 oulil nut lu fililí us «lib lui li inonr, u wiinitui willi lui vu tin , or 11 In ilmltli r tt iib In» frit 11. iliiat ((kitts) Would nut u liithnliki lu mi worlb) til tht txiiciati of Iliul liiiittliisc »Inch llu t uiiktilliliiiu guvt lum. ««hu ttoitl I «uti fin 11 « mill 1 tlitl« who, 1 vi 11 by lu« titvit ittowiil, ttu« nutlv I" In uiul bun nan Irititoi to bia Klug, 11 pi 1 jil m tn Ins iiiiuilrv.iiml mi iilohilm to lu» (mil ' "Maa eter 1 utrr iii snell I111111 lir woo'd ' ' Wns i-vir voltr iii aitrli I uiiiuiir wau I ' (Cheer* und Ittiijlittr ) If 11 t luididnte «vu« In ciin tu»k 11 inn nil li t lining town, wini w11» to titi ' tn Illili self favourable to a high price of corn, or a candidate fur iii »gin 11I111111I diktritt «(«tim« lu um It loi 11 tht ip price, could either expect to meet the support of those ti »bust tullian lu ,|i thin ii hitusi If 1 p, t »ed ' Oi »lui li rtnaoi illili) for nu Ant Cuiliolu 11 imbi 1 lo txptlt suppôt l ni in to linn " lim 11 pt «a« itluni 1 of 11 «'nilly when lu tins njpmi I lo tin n Ininti ufa ma j rily of Us fin Imbin»' (Clift it) Mr (j linn k « -* uliiittltd Ihn 1 iiiaiienialinn wns Mippoitid li« llu tiiiL, lilli Mt millie», but ii wai fn «Iin ally a li fi 1 1 in pi nous 1 I sut| uakiug lill« ula thul tit« v «iv« rluoked «lilli« ultu 1 thul »ik tmliiilto Its» t, 1I11 ii piisoiik If llu ( I hull« s »im mlnultid tu I f tt it «it point, wuk it not nutt ul thnl lb() shuni I 111 li ivoiii lu ul lain nu iistt n lum y ol tht mululu r» of linn n lit, mu in llu M11 tatty, lln I'liilimiii m - nu«, » ulii llu I lui» 1 Um II 11 ninin J'r .lisian! ' li »as lo lln «pull ot llu n tiglon In 11 bj (Inl Iii it inn mu ty it «pi ttnhli mi tlioi tin k w bit li (.mimili 11 il h 11 pi 1 »lill in unit (I ingenias tIna 11 « \ 111 nib« ism It lind been said that the Catholic religion was different now fn ni «hal it hud linn, that llu glim» mid llu l« 1 tin« nf (lu Vuliciin win our, bul Ilium g1 n u 1 Im I linn list ntl, und lln l'op«, "lio li Uni llu l'tiptl lln tit, faithfull« umtali ii titi « xiiui | li uf bikini, di 11 »sink II« it Ti 111 d lo llu ti iii lu ot ( upturn Iii ml iii llu Ni tv Itipiihhtk ol South Amil 1 1, lu aliutv tin loutit p nu r puikiaaid tim«, hy tin Cnlhulic pi 11 st I omi How wuk it in iiiumuchitiil I iiiopi ' II id I runt« mint« no itltogrud« slip» with rt «pt ti lo 11 li ullina fitcdnin ' ilul tin. J« »nits nindi no progies« » lind linn bien no ultimpl niaile ugaiiist the hhtity of tb< pria»' Mr llrowiilow «nul (bat Mi llniikri lind tntvdltd oki in iv lund 011 llu fatt ol the globt iii aiuith nt milli ml» lor lu« »pei til, tillie wita no toiuitry hu bud nu tttiiiiird, 1 xt ept iiiiforliinali liiiinid, winch «vu« the subject of the discussion (Laughter.) The state of In Inn I w11« Itkt lluit of 11 tniiii on (lu « tige of » lull, where lu 1 ..ititi nut «lund, but must move « 11 lit r hut k » aril m foulard Wlinl then ttu« lo be done » W11» I'm li nut til to go buck mid rt emit! llu purni mile > llu toiisripu net« of iii fur nig the »till« mint of lina t|iit »lioti woiil I lu «ntriiiaiug dung« r mid nmiVity 1 Ililli cltksi«ot tin lush pinple Allttull, Iht ri «lit no safety for life, liberty, or property, in that country. linn wn» no am li thing u» law or authniily iiiiinv part nf In I11111I (Iltur, hear ) Hit Collimation wai tumbling lo pu 1 if, und kui lily w11« diainlvnig (Hear, hear, huir) It w11* lu auch a «Ititi of limit,« ii» lint ihn» ha uivilid the «pitiul conn tit ml ion of llie Hooke. Mr dist nppnard llu1 motion I'lu exclmion of Oittlii lu« fniin 1'iirli um ut anil ft oin ti Hum nfhtiaof Stult, rotilil not lit fnnlv 1 ouaidrird 11 lianMnp, nnv muru tlitui tilt alls« in.« of <|iuilifitiiti in upon mil r grounds and under other circumstances could be con- sidered a hardship. All absence of qualification, was iii «lint < \i lum n I lit law uf piuiifiL,Liiiliire "nvt tin bulk f u linn'« pni|ttty lo hi» t Ideal «1111, mid left tin t ut gn »un» in iiiuki linn fin tu uri 11» tht) «null 1 1 ii is nike lln t ming« r mihi w11« disipi ihlied l«y I ni, uiul tin« ivaiil of «pialifn altiiii w11« ixtlitsion Iht uitiniksiuii of Until m Culhoht« lo po 1I11 al p nvir witt Id no1 1 f itself pacify In land It mini It» fdliiwul by otiur mt isiim, uiul indi« «I it wit« nlinusl udiiiilUil, thul tin li ik.li l'i m slant! tin 1 oil wn» tin objicl lunn ti ul. Wt biul 1 iiividiiui illy taiiiprd I111111 Hie Inn 1 di* «it 1'upi 1 d munition in mu pt 1 mil uf our huton, niul «tt ought tnt to folgt I tin »omul, though homily pmvt iii ii ni u bin tit 1 lui I »Ininti! tiri ni! Ill liri Mr (?« urge Woori sind tins w is not 1 question of mitton ii injury or oppression, hut 1 question ot rt la tt«t ((institution ii rights lu nil lorim r discussion«, tilt most inotbritc mil (lit most /( lions advocates ol Hu «Iunis ot Hu Cithohcs bul occurred in .le comptuying tin ir propiisitiuns willi somi security or other, winch tiny titi mi (1 suffit» nt to gutrd (ho l'lot« stunt thin th, mil tilt Protestant 1 sliilihshnicuts 110111 tim tittil sib tut ol Sir I llunlitl, lu «vis ni- do« til to tluiik (lu ul« 1 ot ht« urlty h is lUo^llui til) tinliiiiLiI , atid lu w is collin mt «I iii th it opinion, «tilt n lu n li in d to tin tinging« ol tin Kum iii Ci thohc pi lilmni 1 s, who < mpli itn lily 11111111 ti (lu ul niissiiiu to politic ii potvei - ulnussuiu iini|U tlilii.d, uiuonilitiiniil, nuil um« strunetl II« «lui not lil mu tht petition« rs lor 1 ilung no notice ol my scheint of se« tully, loi lu «li clan ii th it lu li id nu 11 sim, or lu 11 ti ol, my thing wini li iii his ininti iniotiiiti d to 1 ritionil or tllitluiil st lititit of scturity, but In < illili On tin lloitsc to not« til« «lilkicnt« btttvttti ill tor nu 1 si limits ol J uiiini ip ition toil th« pi est tit lit did nut I ilo so di spontling uiul ititi mt holy 11 vu tv oi tin stitt ol ltd nul Ls sonic otlu.i im.iubi in lilli «loin (//uti, Item ') Ihcsuriiic« «it mick ty was 1 nilli il nul tiltil« il in til it counliy, hut, in his opinion, lb« igit lliuii «v is nut git lit 1 th ni «vise, prudent, .mil temperate measures would he found sufficient to ciltn No doubt the Itultrs ol I be Catholic Asso ciation had been too successful in augmenting or keiping ali«c ¡my existing discontent, hut there was nbiiiullinc« ot cv ilttitt to show, that the pt opie of Irel uni w« i« not ni the state iii which (lu y ti id lu on r« pr« sent« ii to be, nml inwliiliver stitt tiny in iy he, tin mc is ure now propost ti wits Ictst oi all c lieu 1 id 1 ( 1 traui|Uih/e (hut eotiutiy 'tins «vus proved by tin pititiuns which now loided tlu table (rom e vi 1 y c1 iss ol the community W is there no ti mgi r ni uhnittiiig Hu ( ttholus to 1 sliarc m pohticil |itm«i, win 11 tiley win» iblc to increase Iheir nu iii Ikrsto 111 Imost indeliiuti extent' Was there no tliugtr when lluy lud polit« il power, that they would el um anti resume those titles they li id otu e lit lil' \\\ is there no dingt r tint the hier ireby would rtsiiint (lu pre eminence «vhieh they c1 umed 111 their pc I liions, nid dunned to have eujojed 111 un- broken sue« « ssion ' Ali It Alai tin rose amidst loud cries of "adjourn1" but iltera short time suet« eded in old lining posses sionol tlu House, which, hotvi««r, maniieslcd m iny symptoms «ii impatient« while lie «vas speaking He entiictl ml» 1 history ol his on n contest foi Gilway, ami express« «I Ins gntitudt to Ali O'Count II, by ivliose issislancc, he owued, ami by tliat ot til« Ca- tholic priests, his election hid b( cn secure d ng mist the power ol that Go« crûment he had inthlully served lor thirty yea* (Loud lain/liter and diet m ) lie rould produce cvuWnüo, lu saul, th it tlu Mar«|ius of Cornw Ulis hld premned tin Catholics, on eondi tío» ol (h« ir supporting th» Union, th it the y should retuve Lm nu ip it ion Hi lud mule 11 pi omise ol this kind to Mr Marlin, and thus induced lum t«> throw his vole into tlu si al« At one o'clock, the debate was adjourned, on the motion of Sir John Newport. Mauoii, (1 - -Su liihii Niwpnilrnai to minne the di bitiu on the Culbolic «piealitin I be counliy mint be cuii«ii|.cd until lim gi dil (pltation «tua si til «I, and | if Iii« «tiling im)ni miikl úill, lie would slink« the pil- lan ol llu ( mi til ii t tain ti* lu fill Mi II Durn thought iliul tin Uioiinti Cmli ii c« «n J n« d us nilli li liltiulion na w11« luiisisi« m willi civil lliuii« Ile ol Ji iii ii lu III« t.1 of llu uinlliui -10 tlu wmitof 11 nibiiniiliir pi np isili >u II fii.btiill. eiNnluli tv« r< n iw m nln, tin ( nihill t» wual I 11 it «top till they acquired equality of liberty with the Protes- tunta - (hill), bl« 1 )- -It« nu uni upiulily ol pottir. II« ulindi it lu u hitit of Mi Du) It, t Inih iiiidiiiiouily < nnipim ii the I'loltalant ii hy lou lo ila ««urliup of Jill, gi munt. I ni I Hitit I ml volt d iigninal tin nlitf nf I lu Cn. (li I es » In n the Hiibji it w11» likthcloit lill House , but he had deeply reconsidered the question, and the n suit »tn, thul lu bud 1 bull),« ii Ins uptni ni (( lui 1« ) Iii ttu» now 1 on v nu ni iliul lite Irmupiillitv of In I nul di pi ndi d uti toni« »sion , tt hu li would ¡,ou gn ut wnv to titi ti 11 gi iiunl 1110111 ti niton of It thug, mid It »uni I ntl ml 11 lett hy u li ii h litslitiiui ni g lit tliatui guish between true patriots and factious demagogues. llu MiihIiioI tin It ills mat I » o| p iki iht iii .liml. He congratulated the House on the temper with which llu thai ussi m bud hu 111 oitihu lui , «hu li lu na« rilli ti 1111 glint iniiikiii»! ti Iii« 11 I iii 11 n li I ? 1 xiotipl si l bv Sir limul» It u « «I« ft ut tlu nuisit ol III« «I« bill« It »na met »»lit y loitlvtrl to lb« « ir« timstiiuci « iludir tv I it li the lu»! lu» s iigiiittit llu ( lil hal li«, III lb« li ign 1) I li/ ii 1 iii, tun pusMi I llu h "islnloik ni ihm ility pint u «It il nul nu mu « ii «Hu 1 iinji 1 tun s ni I v un f ma - tlu y hud hu 11 11 »1 (ilisi rn is 1 f «hut bud ni ( lined dining lite slim I d iiiiuiitui ol tlu C ilhuhts iii (lu 11 il,u of Uiuy Oin ann »lins «1 11 iht spiiiuln« of Iii« dmul/iil mululu s sum lunn (I by (minnie (.on rimú ula iii I 1111111, llu N« llu 1 hndit, uiul Sp un , und of llu limit iittimpl» of llu ( mimili» to 11111I11 1111 iii und on illiintv llu (1 ivt 1 ililli ni ot lili» t nillir« Ile piikkttl uti to tht lu««m nunn»! il up m lb« ( ullinlity in tin iiign of Juin«a- -llu Illili imusneri in the lum ol ('hull »I - the oxpulklnn of Juill! » II and the 1 . lahlisltnii ul of toiiaiiiuliiuiiil ft tulum (¡ml foi bul that he should ascribe to the Roman Catholics of the 1 11 »1 ni day the luinuph» of llu ir initiators --lui nl jiitlul lo iluso futí« linly to «how tin foiiiuliitinu of tilo»« huts, wbith win now, though m vu until within tlu hist tit« nty «nu a, lilli gt ii to lum »pi ung ft oin tits birany und mini« 1 11111 of lln ir «ne««tot» I toni ibu Iii minium iln» nu nil», tit« pt mil «intuit« li iv« been L,iiuliiully 11 limul-- «lime ol them iiiilJiI lui va beru ? eluxul cm li« 1 Iban tiny wir«, nuil »belli« r tbry tonid now take lb« fin llu rilep ul «uluiilliiig lim t'n tbnlita In tlio full rijiMiiuit of politieal powir, wti« mini Iv a ipii »lion ol txpuduiu« If »hit lliiyn ipnr «I tiitild ht {.inn til willi pirful ktiiiiity to our nit ii libi 1 tv, uiul to Iii« 11 lipitui» < siiihlisliini ni» of llie t mp 11, lln v tv« i« 1 niul« «I to nu ive it, ami lit »oulil go giuiltr hugill« ni Htippiuting, I linn he tun« did iii opposing the proposilion Iii did nut fi ii oppit kau! by iht »t tght of gun! inithoiit)'wliiih Si I Hindi li lind eilul in fiivuni ol bl» iiigiiineiil Ali Pill, I ntl (iitniilli, Mr (iiultiui, ni «I »II lim gnat tulvornti« ot . iniiiii 1 j utimi, In llie pttkriit day, lind uiiifuimlv «iippuilitl ihut lu« nine, mil) «ni iht ptouioihit ib« ( nth iht« c in! I girt 111I1 q ititi au in Hy ti lb« I'niKkt mt «stuhl slum nt 11 must tht ellitls) f it iga 11 ti uni ti II U li ul ihi ( ntliulu« in r 1 vtiiiui nuv ilispi simm to gtvi Hu »tt m Hu« tupiinil of lb« ni' lu 1H IO, tiny 1 (ti utli I thni tonn »kum ni tin Km 111 Vi lu nu llu iiiitiiuilllioii uf Ulah >ps III till pingla «s ul llu Hill ni ISI J, 11 Him) lui 1 ii inn nu tunk [linn, und Mu lui ii» iii t «as lo 1 11 »u ontl lulu I'naa 11 g mi lill llu Dill of In ri, lu I .lind tin nulli of 1701, »lui li Intuís en i) ( ntholii billilli g u pin« 1 iliidn llu ojiiiiii 11 ol lluit kliitiil« lo iiph Id tit« »lull und mo- llumi ul I'nipiity in li« i ititi, Ullin ly iiuiiltid , iiiut 1 Isti llu muli rial 11 binding pint uf nitnllur oath, ll¡ lillisl distill hil g 01 »ntlu mug llu l'l uti sllilll t » lal lishiii ul ( mini( tt «I «iib lins, li« iiiliiIkiik d annie menin lum 1 a tn sim» tin want nf iiauiloin mut llie I ii 11 ti (ii til iniiMiimt tint tin ( ul Iml n. iloigy lil- li 1 Igt ii iii, mid llu spun by tthu h tiny «en ni limit ti Ni» that llu v »ni «lia« u mil, tlu y «ltd uni pi« I« ml lu stty 1 hut lb« y tt nu Id gin tiny au uni).- »iniplt ti- ltil, 11 n<|tua)iii 1 d « nu sMiun, is wini tiny tt tut , lilla n 1» lb« hitigiiiij,« nf lb« pt lill iii of lb« ( iilholii. lit. »lop» It wita in vuiii lo jil lit ntl th it tilt 1 nun »«nu a ? « «¡tin« «I wer« « mirai y lo tin piiiuipli« ni Iltur I nib liml assumption ii it bein uigulivid on llu nu- lli inly of (lit V«iy lu id ol Ililli church, Iht I'opt , uiul it »it« limpión ii by llie prut lue of nillir «lull«. lu I'm» ti, llie Hollian Cuiliolu litshopmre tippouilid by tlu Kui), , iii Uiiskin, by the Cniperor, mid bulli iii Ruina und I'runiii, tin «tlinlc «oiieipntidonei of tluaii ilikhnp« with the St« of II moe ia 11 ml« r the »11 peiiuliudtiice ol tlio un.Cittliohc milburnie» of til« country. Why, then, did the Roman Catholic clergy of 11 eliiinl denn Ibu Vito uitoii«ialuit willi their full» ' Only betmiii it waa iiicouaialcnt willi thul tx clusive domination which they claimed over the peo- I It, and winch tbey cxertiaul iii u inntini r the moat mm vi linn» und exlruoidiiinry It «vu« lina power of ii" Haling llu public tullid lluit tumbled (beni lu r««l»t ull bul _llu: alute of f iiinpe til pn at ut, n« «unirust« ti willi li« condition iii 1810 und 1813, culniiliiltd lo render that which was necessary then unnecessary now ? He ihunght not , mon patlienlaily nt n iii nod win 11 lim Catholic religion, mid llu iniluenci of the I'upal See, (lieu eutnpaititivily di ml. have tutu, to no «iniill 1 x. lint, leviviliul, und mi fun ml uclivily mid inn «»nully ali ngiling for potter In 1 vi ry pint of Luropi It wa« ituiiirktible, tbnt while the friends of libeiul pi 111 ciplt« ni titi« eoniiliy btny tluttikiIvt« in nilvntiiliiig Iheciuiai. of llu itouiiiti t aibolit«, thosi. ««bo advócale lil eral printiplia on ibu Ctinliiiiut of I inope, tira apprrliuisire of (lit cons« queue « lik« ly lu uaiill li mu Hie Inline txliuaioii niul pn diiiliuiitnt« of tlu ltninaii Catholic religion. That religion has ever been intole- 1 ml, mid would noy mint pi« tend that ii* cbtinioi« r ia now < billigt «I » Mt numil to tin pel kitti linn« lil llu Smith nt linnet iii 1814- lo llie it »turill tun of llie Jesuits in that country, and of the Inquisition in Italy uiul Spain Now turn to Ireland - in 1810 mid 1813, Ireland was tranquil ; she was now in a state of ex- citi nu nt und .1^ Hut nut, 1 . iii 11 body dumiiitt ri ig over Inr, uiul «luiintuluig wlint tluv term (luir rigliti lil li nu« of nu nati I hean w« 11 nut cii'ttuiislaiu.i ? un- di 1 »Inch to diKpeinio willi kunnin» Hi did not ai;, nt li ia (jin klntii na a Ingot, or on lu« own uctounl, but on account of Iht uliislitmis budy that «cut lum lu l'a limul ut (laughter) 'I lui *v 1 it timlcr winch I'm lilian tit 1« millik« ti, cull« «I them togelhur to con- sul! of miittti« it luting to tlu toiialitiitioii mid «utily of the I'lotihtint 1 huiih, bulby the measure now piopoaitl, lluy wir« ri ipi mil lo iiiimil into the I e gudutiiie «o lunuinhlcd n body of mm, din elly Inutile 10 lhal ibiu 1 li Hi «rai «orry lu »ay that lln 10 aro n iw tn thul lloiut uittiiy liiki »nun li u lids nf llu I'ro li sla it « ktiiblishinriil (lit nr, lu ur, hear') Hi wai 111 ry lo «it« llui (hen me 1 vin ninny ««iib filling« buslili to it II iii addition li» tins« I ti ki »urtu frond« and open and avowed opponents, they admitted into tit« Honst n nula» «it pi i*»u« iu ling with on« «pint and tit otu body, it woiihl bunill« 11 «piesliou win tilt 1 lluy I nil ditly toiikiillnl llu inn 11 «I« of Hit clpirtli, ««lucir ihey weie bound lo support (Chuna) Iht uigti» nu ut» fouililtd 011 llu Itbt milly ol other Guvei Ultu ill« dut uni apply In otu «nat, fu (licit w11« no niinlugy lu iwtui llu «lull of things lu th in cniilllrua muí til this. They were told that some measure was necessary f ir lim «ililli /u g 11 eland, but he should he elad In kim« if lina tin asm 1 «oulil triinqitilli/c Inland--- if ii tt mid notiikk llu i tli iiclion ni tlu chinch cslubluli. nu ti . if lu Culb lie hiei'iuihy, wlutli (x11 tin s ia 11 iln iludid 11 »tiny u vi r I lit minds of llie Illili people, wini Id lu (imli tiled with ohliuiinig «that it nutt »uki , if it »nulli sillier it» chum» lo i«kt ni tlu point of (Jt . illili« I in intip'turn, ni pul mellum nfiti timm nil «bul 1» now « 1II111I ( iilhohe 1 iii nu ipaiimi bus bun tin veri« lit ft nu «I lluit lina would lit tlu east, mid thought thal tiny took uti ill nunaiut! of tin spirit of the Kunnin ( ailinlic religion who di««tnlr«l fruin lluit opinion || »u» kimi, if you object lo tht- uiuiaurta iiiitv propiianl, wlinl «nulli you aubaiiiiii« lor Hum' Iii» utiawir ««na, "I um nut «nu of the Mniiklii» of llu Crown, I bute 110 «oiiiiixinu with llu bann, ineiii It would ion»u|ii« tilly lu nile, and indeed mischievous, lot mo lo pi«lind to suy what 11 iny opiiutin 11« io llie nu mun« Ihut ought lo be tttlnptui. When, Ibu cfun, 1 inn ii»l,< thal question hy uiiiiiliei , and 1 tisk wini me Ibu reunites »Indi llie ( nibolit» pioposi to give iii iii return for the concessions they require us to make ? If I lit ti «u'tirilii» in iiiflituiit, I any fairly and ut 0 co, I will conclude tin qui alum, bul I munt fnat kui« »hui tlio«« »Ktiiiiiiii mt, j tn 11st have lune to tlehlu rnlt 011 Ihur hiillitiouty , I iniist a ilisfy iny silf «rib ngatd In tit« ni, and lill I mu fully «titisfit ti 1 must do ihut «luth will pn servi iii« peieo of the church" (Lorul Chttr» ) Air Plunk« li tost lu nus»et Su John Copley. Ho had in vain attempted to collect from that gentleman's »peech wbut wert bia spttilic objt eliuii» to llu prtkent revolution lit lind dunn ii it pinpi rio go into the» iii lull nf the ci nut s of I'opiiy, mid to have recount», lo argument» »Inch bud nul bien 11 soi ltd lo for Ililli) ) ems, mid lo ml uni» paaange» in luslmy, ««Inch ought lo hutt- lu« n ni/ni out of tilt ¡minor) of man. II« «ntl not unit « d nu 11 lion (Suy fuwkt«, though tin« might hut« bun «xpoitul fruin llu gi ni lui spirit mid tune of Ina »pei eli Hi admitted, butti vu, that it «vu« nut on am nml In»», but on tilt) qtitklinu of ex» pulteney ihut lu ruistul the rianlulioi« 'Ibu ex> pediency seemed to depend on the au nilly wb cb (be Ki.u (iiilmliis ought lo gite, which win «|iiile tim -ii «vna uni u 1 al lui bun to lo ik afin the «icurity, lot «temti ««as no1 lo lu bud tvilhont looking nfli r, (Imightti) Win ii, tluiefor«, lit «mil he would giant evciy (bing upon pinpi 1 sicmily, Ali., Plunkett ixptclcd lluit bo would In ki udopt llie niola t|t»n, niul llie» «rt nliont the enquiry n» to the sei'iiiity I lit Ciitlinlii'a offend. Hut tifier nil Ibis, at lim oloae ol lu« «pi'i'tb, he euliiely iibiitiiloued hi« funnel drultiiti 111111«, mid muai lifiiiiel'uilb lie placed iu the titi eine rank of llnike who now mid for ever would exclude CulhiilicR ft uni niltiiiaiiiin to civil power. (Hear, bear ) It wa» willi »iiI,ui»e that Mr. Plunkett li«uni bim uiul)*} Mr. Pitt ni i limienl lo ibu claim» nf llu Itomuii Catholics. Air Plunkett viiullcnlrd Mr. Pill ft uni this apaplt mu, nod friim the lal«" ii»|»rikioii« of Pill t-ltib» Ile would not my lluit Mi. Pill nt-tually gaven plcilgetociui) ftiiinucipnlioii aubecoinctpience of the Union; but lié «nid eiiuiigh lo cíenle«« ¡tupir*. . ion in the mini)» ol' the people of Ireland tlml «nob uoulil be llie 'coii«et|iH'iiiie. How the», Sir, ore we 'to be placed tit llu« mamen! ? _ We nre now h rg ii i nu the qui'iliiui of llu- ailiuiasioa tt( Catholic» nillir I'UIR lish Parliament. If the matter was to be decided by Iht' liiah iiieinbei«, tbeie would be a uinjuiily of two 'to one in fnvinn of lln- piuninulitui. Wlint then ia llie nbaincle ttr eneuiiiiter ? Ulm I, but the opposition ol the Kii/ihsh itienilit-i», tt lune lip«, bul foi the t/iiiun, would lint have been open upon the militer. (Chert».) Hi-«lui not believe lluit llu- peuple of ICnglaiid were uppoaed to ICuianeijuilinii ; tlu» liml been fully piovril in nil (be-Isle «Irctinn» «vbrrc lb« poiiuliir opinion in this matter had been fairly tried. What were the groiindl on ti hieb the Mailer of the Kulla ilntlbteil 'the ircuri.y lhal could be given by (be Cul|iolit-s ? What were the gi ulindi on which llie lull of I8'¿T> tin* lb row n ont in the Hume of laird«' C'ci tninly lint tin'((iioitlmii of «pciiiii), Luid Liverpool hud declared, Unit if be could gel ni! nf oilier objveliiui» tv li it'll lie entertained, and which rested on principle, he would not «my lo dispute upon ihn question of ««emily. The mi mung of «eon uti, ia piuteclmii tignimi a cer- tain danger ; hu appealed to (he House «vhclher it had yet bearii what is that danger ? Prom what dot's it arise, and what doc» it menace ? Hu suppose«! (be Protestant establishment of Ireland «vim meant-ami in what docs its insecurity consist? If in any thing, it consists in thiit-that the established religion is the religion of only a small part of the population, and (hat, therefore, it nmy be apprehended that a disruii leiitcil peuple und an ambitious Roman Catholic Church, will overturn the Protestant hierarchy. Hid the- hill ol' 182!> produce this danger ? Dit! it make Hie Kointui Catholics in Ireland nu overwhelming ma- jority ? If these were dangers, they were not created by Hie bill, hut nrosc from moral causes, over «vhieh the bill had ti» control, except tor the purpose of les- sening them. Air. Plunkett «vouhl yield to no man in /cal for the Kstnlilishcd Church, which he roii Mileietl indispensable to the interests of religion, and even to i lie security of property ; anti as the friends ol' Hu- Chin cb he ail voca tod this measure. The li'Mi Cn I liol its «vere «libcoiilenled, bc.i-.iusc (bey hiifícicd mulei- the burden of a double establishment ; it «vus proposcil lo relieve (bein, hy paying the Catholic ilergy fnmi the revenues ol'the Slate. This would prove one ol' (he lirmt-sl Imdic-sses of the established Church.. She bat! heen (he effect of similar measures in lix-ease ol'(hi! Irish Pieshyterians, whose deadly C'inuily had Ulus heen converted into friendship. At nil (¡nil's, even before the Itcforiiiatinii, danger had been apprehended in this country from the spiritual ittlcrleicncc of Iii«: Pope, and trout (he ililHcnlly ol' .ii'par.iling hisspiriliul trout his temporal authority; yet Hu- danger had never been considered ol' such ii uat tu cas lo he ilc-tnu-Uvt' ol'the allegiance of the Miltjt-rt. Ile gave the history of the Oath ol' Supre- macy, «vhieh «vas enacled hy tites nth ol' Kluahfth, in order (o distinguish tlio te ««ho dented, from those «vh'o maintained the Pope's spirit «ml supremacy. It never «vas considered as an esst uti.il test ol'alice,!.mee -the peers «vere always exempted from it. No mis- e-hiél' had ensued front its vuttial repeal in Popish Canada, which remained loyal when al! the Piutestant colonies revolted. It had not been enacted iu Ireland ; in the icign ol' James 1. no fewer than 101 Catholic members sat in the Irish House of Commons. In 1(101, when the treaty of Limerick wits .signed, the Koutan Catholics were, by the: law of Ireland, admis- sible to Heats in Parliament, and they were also eligible to «lilierciit public oOicc.s, save and except those mentioned in the 14th Charles 11. What then were the stipulation» contained in the treaty of Limerick ? The first article of the treaty set forth, " The Rornnn Catholic* of this kingdom «hall enjoy xueh privileges in the exetcite of ttwir reliflion, us ure consistent with the law« of Ireland, or us they did en- joy iu the reign of King Charles II." Sou Air. Plun kett held titi« to include a recognition of tlu; right ol' titting in Parliament, which «vas possessed in the time of CIllirie«. Ile ««eut on lo lince the hislory of the violation of Ibi» trrntv-llie lol!:! «fie« of opprrisioni | i i, (I if tul upun the «rilli |u)lluk-t hu subsequent relaxa tion of the penal statutes, and its effects. Much sub- stantial and real relief had been afforded, but the measure of justice had been left imperfect. The Ca- i »billie« thought ii «botild no longer remain imperfect. ?*' It i» euiy to Infkof démagogue», of violence, intent. -Iterance, and déclamation; but lut the peuple of ICuglinul oolliider what it i« Hie people of li (laud de-iiiaiid. Tliey.clniiu mi fanciful or iiippoied rights ' 1 hey demand vrftitt fur «even hu nth id vrun lia» ham j in valu «Iriiuindid-lhiit the ln»b »hail be iba i cr s in | »he advmiluges of English law. Let me ink of the Protestant freemen of England, if they were deprived i of llirii Itiulnubfvd privilège», wlinl would be theil feeliuga, nml hut*' veliemenl would ha iheir tlet-'.mnii (ioiia ? I« there n intuí win» lii-ar» me who would not freely lay down his life in such a cause? I know he \ ,««unid «coin to prove biinaelf io base n recrraut fruin j the «piiii of lu« foiefathi ra,. (Cherri). If mi at« , tempt wet e here miníelo deprive bim of lu» binti, righi, it ¡«not idle that he and the coiiullci» nutiiberi who fell with billi tvoithl indeed display the ira leo .num vincla recKjati«i«wi." (Cheers J " Eveiy man who allows himself Hie use ol' bis »eine», iii nat kee tbnt in Ireland tit ibis uiument Hiere ian univer- sal «y input hy in Ibu tt bule budy uf llie Illili Hollian Calholies, willum! exception or order of degire, linly or clergy, young or old, poor or weallliy. All pie«« fui'ttni'd willi un intensity of des'ne and a unity of deleiininatiuii to tu'coinpliali tt «peeilic, avowed, mid will tiiidei «toad tibjet-t. Let lb« House not fit i I lu olneive, tlmt wi'h weultli knowledge baa ulso »prend: tittil I »ill venttne io «ay, that Hine ia not a »ingle Catholic in I leliiiul, of Killi, ii year, why hu« nul nil llu- ettci giea of Iii» ininti embaí kui un Hiii oc- casion. To a certain degree I think titi» is uni-tafe, gimrd ? these persona are »cuaible of »nell blciaiug« a« they «lu tnjiiy n« Hie wiser system adopted during tlie bul forty ye.ir», anti lend an incredulous fin- to those who («II »lii'iu Ihey will be gainers by sedition», révolution, or inva- sion. 1 «lo not ht'liuve tint the King poncise« better sub. j nut limn the elliss ti» which I nllittlc; but Uley sr» mate- rial for Bond or ill, na you may know bow tu uso it, They ?uro either for penco or war-fur bullio or fur eonlii aitluti to live with you or die for you." (Cheers). He then ?poke of tlio poor, ho furntiiltibtc fium their tuituheri, llicu poverty, dud their diicontciit». " We ure tola Unit derna, gngue» take advantage of their »ittiiitlous anil urge llii'in on to extremo, violent, anil miscbievuiis mensures. , Tine- we ar« all »greed upon that point. What the objeit of theie ?Ueiiiajjotfue« may he, I know not; lint I do not think it ia rebellion. I «lo not think that Ilieir intention is completely to »ilbvert the Coiiitltutltin. Their only ininictliate object «emin to Ur, to roas* the people to fury, that tbey may have . it lu their pawer to apply the popular force to any purpose, right or «vrotig, ¡a tiny may think tit. Kilt, is Hu« the atnie io wliieh Ireland i» to be leftt Are these, deiuitgogucs to be »tilt allowed to stand ready with the matt-li lu their 'Hands, to produce whatever CKploaion they might think pro ptrfor their puroona 1" Mr. Plunkett then advened to the .late «-lection dispute«-laughed al the nlliilatil» piodut-cd last e« cuing., defendi-il tim Calbnllc priest«-explained the ¡nlndtictioii of Juggernaut mid hi« ear : a metaphor which hail fust Iteeu used at one of Ut« uroaelytiimig meeting;« against the Catholic», «ltd afterward« retorlcil by Ur. Doyle uga I nat 'tire 'Protestant«. Ile concluded, with an earnest prrauaiiou tb the only course of cont-iliatiou and of aa.fo.ty 'that remained for them. Mr. Peel rose next, and spoke at great length oni 'the other .side. He first applied himself to over- throw Mr. Plunkett's inference from the first ani- de of the Limerick treaty -, the only object of which ,was to secure the Cotholics in the free exercise of, their religion-toleration, not political enfranchise- ment, was'its object. This construction wai con- firmed by all that followed upon it, and by all co temporary records. Passiug to the general ques- tion, he saiv much to he alarmed at in the manner in which the resolution had boon introduced and supported-in Sir Francis! Burdett'« assertion that there were no difference in' principle between our exclusion of the Catholic1«, and'burning a man at the stake; and in the appeals which the King's At torncy-Gfiiual for Ireland addressed to the passions, at a tillie when the people of that country, are in a . ?fctaieef discontent and agitation. He hail appealed io the House, as English (xcntlemcn, if they were oppressed in the manner of the ?? Irish Catholic*, if they .would nut rise in arms-(C/iecT*)-«nil if they would not think themselves justified in rising in turn*-*!Cheers}-in vising in arms against such au Ile considered the question, therefore, as by no means sett kal hy authority, hut open for discussion. The clamour and prejudice against it that might exist either in the House or out of duors, should have no inthicucc on his judgment or his vote. He had not encouraged a ningle petition against the- measure. He would meet Sir Francis Burdett on his own grounds, and appeal for a decision, not to past ages, but the good sense of the present times. He quar- relled with no man for his good faith ; but when he saw a particular faith united with a grand scheme of worldly policy, he was entitled to inquire into the il! turc of that hcIicuic, its iiillucnee over the mind of man and on the state of society, tie- could not doubt I hat tlie Catholic .scheme «vas framed anil cal- culated te ctiul'cr authority ami power on some men over the minds and understandings ol' other nico- lle saw it in the indulgences, iu the power ol' confess ing peuple, and granting them absolution. When they saw the hulls ol' tlie l'ope-(/.eiMt/Afcr)-let thosi: who laugh remember that the t'ope's hull is no trilling maller among four mill ions ol' ignorant peo- ple ; .-ititi it «vas not long since they had seen the I'opi- scud his hull lo Ireland, proclaiming three hun- dred «lays' indulgence to all who should repeal cer- tain prayers. When he saw the eHcc-ls of such a System both where it reigns without control anti where it is kept in check hy the rivalry of our reli- gion, he saw nolliiug to call upon him to expose. to the least «lunger the matured Ksluhlishmcut of this country. Ile looked al what «vas now going on io all Hu: Catholic countries of the Continent, anti ««liiil» a few years ago would have been thought impossible. Ii' the Irish Catholics possessed poii tical power, they must exert it, he thought, to exult Iheir oMii religion. The removal of their civil dis- abilities would not satisfy them. They had evidently, as appeared from Iheir published addresses, an eye to the Iie-iielicial offices iu tlie Universities and to the properly of the Church. They would not lie de- terred hy the fewness of their numbers in Parliament; experience showed thul a very small party might, hy dexterous management, acquire great power in the House. When any measure »Hc-clcd tht- Kunian Catholics, they might cumbine, as the iiast ami West ItitlivyB did to get a duty imposed upon or re- moved from segars-, hy adroitness iu li-huming tile balance of rival parlies, a small nundle.-might, suc- ceed in establishing- considerable power. Hut if Mr. I'col «vere .satisfied that the present increase would product- (rant|iiillily iu Ireland, ha would even sa- i-ruin; his apprehensions for its ultimate cU'eel. on the Hiitish Constitution. II«: was persuaded it could no1, in the nature of things, hate mell au ell'ecl. Ho «vent on to consider the enormous and pernicious hi- ll ueticc of (lu: Catholic priesthood; between «vhieh anti the inlliience exercised hy Protestant clergymen in (his country, there «vas not the- slightest analogy. Mr. Plunkett had praised the priests; lu: had de- nounced in (he severest terms the agitators and de- magogues ; hut bad the Catholic I'ri-lales, to tt hose exertions he ascribed the traiu|iiillity ol' Ireland, «-«-cr issued any public declaration discountenancing the proccciliugs of the agitators? On the contrary, they subscribed to the funds of the Association which had heen described us the very centre ami focus of all the mischief that agitates ireland, anti «-leven of them are members ol'it. (Cheers.) Ile challenged the good faith of the accounts which llu-y had given for the doctrines ol' their church; lind specilied a particular instance of disingenuous (riekrry rcsperl i-ig tlie Second Commandment, «vhieh they exclude fruin their Catechism. .Satisfied as he was that Eman- cipation offered no remedy fur the evils of siit-h a system, lie would, in preference, continu«! tonet upon his own plan for amelioration ; which had hi- i-n, to institute- au iutpiiry into every case of complaint, ami, as far as possible, tojajiply by perfect ¡input tiality a remedy fe. a. the adjustment of tithes) for every grievance.--(Cheers.)-l-i't Parliament decide as it would, his conviction being sincerely and deliberately formed, would remain, hut he should bow submis- sively to the decision of the Legislature. Mr. Brougham, in allusion to some noise that pre- « ailed when he inte, begun by advising thnsc inein bers who felt the House too hot for them, to retire to «onie of I ho cinder place« uf retort nunnie. He ar IftK-il nguiu«! Mr. Peel's ciuiatrueiiiin of llu-1 reilly of Limerick. Hill, lo gel rill oner for till of thal I reilly, which be llmughi beside the (pmitiou, ibeie win a later Irealy, which hail much to «lo ivitli it-ii treaty entered into not ni the nul of llie aeveiiieeuth, but the beginning of the iiiiieteenlli cent in y ; be wn« dis Cnied to rely nut on llie aiithoiilv of King William, lit on Ihut of his lula Majesty Gem gc the 'I bird nilton Lind Sonieis, but nu Mr. I'ill-not on the hiatorinii lîitnieli, but on the inimiul« of I'lirliameiit. Hu iilliided to the Iretily of Ultimi, und tu llie real though informal promise to the li ia,h peuple-.-bil- pin ted ill «ecrcl iintiiiclion« ti) ibu Lord Lieutenant, mid by him etiiiinniiiicalcd lo person« of giritl «eight Hiul inlliieiice in Inland. The Muster ol'the Hull» bud lold them, that if Cntbolie« were admitted ¡nln l'luliiimeiil, lhey «liouhl ¡iistutilly bave a budy of seventy or eighty nieinbii«, bended by annie nt-iaoiiuf great talent, and acting uniformly not as Ministerial or Oppoailiiiii member«, but ii« Catholic* ugiuiist I'ru testants. Why, this might happen at the present mo- ment. The Catholics possessed the elective franchise ; and Irish members were not slack to acknowledge the means by which they obtained their seats, and to proclaim their gratitude to those who sent them there. (" Hour,"Jrom Mr. li. Marlin, who tras tailed in une itf the side galleries J " I ant reminded by ti voice I hour of the «eeiet biaimy of the election fur the county of Galway, with which we tv41 re hid night favoured by the honourable meniber «vin» uotv super- intends the course of Iii« discussion, ("laughter J and who frankly admitted that bo otved hi« «eui to the iigency of the Catholic Association." At prrienl, the Catholics had not only the means, but the strongest inativc« for returning', not independent rrprcsrnialivr« of their own persuasion, bul from nuning- IVotcslituts, (lime who would net us the merv iiislrumciiW of Iheir vol it inn. Mr.Broughunn wondered thal the Master of the Rolls, who had refreshed the older and instructed the younger members of the House, in the Irish mas- sacre, the Gunpowder Plot, Queen Elizabeth, and all about Bloody Mary, had overlooked the Popish Plot in his historical researches--- his edition of Hume's History was perhaps an imperfect one, or perhaps he deemed that the honors of 'Bloody Mary" was suffi- cient to scare them withal in this discussion! Mr. Dione; hum dwelt upon this topic for «onie time, tv iib much sarcastic effect. All the arguments of the Muster of the Rolls, had been triumphantly answered, he said, by the Attorney-General for Ireland, or still more triumphantly by the Master himself. He was surprised that Mr. Peel thought it worth while to dwell so much on the indulgencies, ordinances, and rites of the Church of Rome;--no doubt there was much of error and folly in those regulations, else why are we Protestant ? The more absurd the Romish tenets were, there was the less danger to the English Church-though even in it, there were some things (such as the Athanasian Creed) which a skilful adver- sary might turn to purposes of ridicule, if it were fair to sneer at religious tenets conscientiously enter tained. That the priests had interested and busied themselves in election politics, was both natural and usual ; such an interference on the part of Protestant and Dissenting clergymen, had been witnessed in England over and over again-- at the last election, two honourable members had been preached at, from the pulpit, by a Protestant rector, who look his text from the Revelations. It was easy to blame the clergy ...easy to cry out against demagogues---easy and pleasant, in a discussion which involves the fate of nu empire, to sneer and to make merry at bulls and ordi- nances, follies which ourselves have for centuries ab- jured. But after all the jests and triumphs of thit House, the task is but half over — something remains to be done, for there is something wrong- at the root of the matter. Then, what is to he done? The Muster of the Kuli« lind escaped Clint «piesliun, by :« mniii-r sal, performed willi a ininbleiies« of evolution, not t|uile consistent with the judicial gravity of hi« «iitin lion. Ile was not a member of the Cnbuiet ! be repre- sented ¡he University of Cambridge, which had re. turned him to oppose the claims of the Catholics-as it had {added Mr. Brougham, returned his noble col leugne lo support tboae claims ! (Loud Cheers.J The question which the le»roed Judge evaded, und left lo the Secretary for t|te Home Ucpuitiiiciu mid ihe Under Secretary, remained where it ««its ; yet these gentlemen uilinil lluit llie slate ol' Ireland i« «lan- gerons to llie peace of the empire. " ltki* your tusk lo declare what remedy you.propose for the evil. It is easy to east the balance of injurie» against those »ho not» claim retires». The injured ure altvuys wronir--lhe oppressed altmy« eri. I never knew an itijtiuice ««-here hurting «lid no1 prodtiee lulling. Yon may say, therefore, that they have committed errors ; bul there i« one accident connected with your situa lion, which fall» upon yon for jnatiee-limy have right» which jon have withheld; they liuve claims t« hieb you have neulecteil. Yeur nfler yent- you lune coniiniii'd lo neglect lhe prityet» of MX mil nins of Catholic». Last year you told llieni to unit yet «im- ther year, and circumstances would be different. The eltelliui biltni', tittil ««lib ¡I a ' Nu I'opery' «eil, whicli, I tun happy to «oy, was diseountemuieeil »beiever ¡I tva» ruiNid. That eleclinn is now ovrr.-ihc t nie ia arrived, when yon promised IO hear tlu-ni.-tltey come before you claiming their rights; mid nlihoiigh I do not wish to use strong language, I do not hesitate to déchire, (luit Iht» is the very, hut lime whei) you ««iii lui ve «li opportunity nf ex prcwhig your opiititt'ii njuitl Ibeae eluiius, ¡u their present shape. II you refuse llietti, I hi-lievr must atroiigly that ihey will never more itak ibis House to luke theil case into ¡Is consi iletaliuti." Mr. tiuiilhnrii cotnlinllei! Mr. Briiiigliuin'« appli- cation of n puisiig-t! in the It oyal Speech, in reference lu the Union. He «hotted lluit none of the foi mer ICiiiuiit-tpaliun hills bad plensetl tilt-Cntholii:« : r.nil pit'dioled ihut none «votild ever give genciul Mitisfne liuii in 1 relamí. Ht: bud nlttiiy« diaehiirged bia ii Iii ein I linly luttai «I« the Kunian Catholic», nul only »illina pariiulily, hut, perhnpi, with gi citer indulgence Iban Itiwiiitl» ntliera, fruin the veiy eirciniisliuici- of lui being- 'opposed lo the pulu ¡cul privilegss for which Ihey »ought. ("Cheers. Calls for adjournment and for the question.J Mr. Cunning rose lo address the House at liull-ptibl two o'clock, on Wednesday morn- ing. Weean gi vu only a very lew points ol' his brilliant speech. He did not ex peel that objection would have heen made to tlie mover in tins discussion lor having omitted to lill up th«j details ol' ¡i mensure in ¡i pre liuiiiiiiry lesolnlion ol' principl-. (Hear, hear!) Ile should not have, expected this misconstruction ol' argument from ¡i mem- ber who had only »ut for the first time; hut he wns surprised to have an example ol' such u confusion set by judicial accnrai'v. (Cheers and. laughter.) The speech ol' the Master ol' the Rolls «va« partly historical and partiy critical. The historical par!, on lhe admission ol' Ute right honourable yen llciimii himself, was inapplicable to the present question, und Mr. Cunning should show thal the critical part «vas not less in- apposite. (¡¡car, hear !) His speech «vus ulled with complaints of no securities being oUc.Ti'd hy tlie Catholics, but when lhe I Joua- d' eideil whether they would consider the measure at all, then ««ould lie the pro- per time lor ciitcrinfr, into i's «lela Is, and introducing proper provisions. The proposed measure was only sulnniiled, be- cause a neiv Parliament had ns»< mhlcd, and »..?cause au iinprcwiion prevailed that a chango ol' opinion had taken place-a change: 'ne utterly disbelieved. (Hear !) Ile indignant y repelled' the charge ol' in-' consistí ney brought against himself. Where «vus the evidence of his having alunidoii'.'d the necessity ol'securities? Mr. Canning here «vent into the history of the question since 1823 ; «vhen the bill («vhieh gave Go vernm nt a veto in tin: nomination ol' Catho- lic Bishops, and subjected to the inspect on ot Government the private correspondence ol' Catholics willi the Court of Rouit) fui1«.-«!, through the Spea'.ef's hostility, and left t1 e House the pecious legacy they now en- joyed. (Cheers.) It was not the distaste ol' Romish Ecclesiastics, there, that ren- der« d the proposed see u ii lie-« useless. (Hear, hear.) It was said bs Mr. («milburn, th.it the unwillingness, tin: asperity with tvh'ch securities «vere nceiveil by the Roman Ca- tholic clergy, had coded their Pari amen- ta ry advocates in proposing them. What- ever may have been tlu: unwelcome recep- tion I liest! securities may liave met with in Ireland, there is no mau acquainted willi «vital daily passes, who does not lwri«v that any expression of dissatisfaction expressed by the Catholic clergy, fell infinitely sholl of the virulence, «f taunting, aiuj ol' con- tempt, «vhieh «vere littered i »'speeling these very seen lisies, by noble '.ords, in another place. The opponents of Catholic Eman- cipation called for new securities. Tiny imposed upon its friends a task similar to that which «vus imposed upon the prophet in the H i hie, who was required not merely to lind the interpretation of a dream, hut to guess the th cain itself, li' those «vho re- quired the securities would describe the clangers which they apprehended, he «votild lind the securities; but it «vus too iiiuch to require him to lind the danger and the se- curities too. (A laugh.) , Securities had certainly h en obtained in Prussia and other S ates ; hut liotv ? By négociation «vi h the Pope himself. Mr. Canning proceeded to state, that on this point he had been in au awk«vard dilemma. Soon after he entered on the Foreign office, a letter to the King from the Pope, announcing his accession to tlie pontificate, and one to himself, from the Roman Secretary ol' State, were received. Mr. Canning knew it «vas as much ¡is his reputation «vas ««ort t to he detected in a correspondance with iiis Holiness. (A laugh) Ile at length obtained au opinion f.oin the law offices, signed " R. Gilford," and "J. S. Copley,'' ««Ililli cerlUicd. that any per- son correspond ng widi the Pope, «as sub- ject to the penaltie of a premuniré. He was naturally anxious to knoiv «vhat a pre- muniré «vus, and li« learned from Burn's .Justice, that the delinquent «vas to he out ol' the King's protection, and to forfeit his lands and tenements, goods and chattels, lo be imprisoned at the King's pleasure, anl to he rendered incapable of bringing au action for any private injury, how atrocious soever. Upon discovering this, he became exceedingly alarmed-[a laugh)-and not ou'y abstained from writing a single line to the Cardinal Secretary, «but advi'cd His Majesty to t ke no notice of tlie Pope's communication. He was exceed'n.g'y glact to avail him elf of the present opportunity,, in a way which would probably reach Rome, and that without subjecting himself to the penalties of premuniré--(ci laugh)-oi us-j suring the venerable person in question, th.it his silence was not to be attributed to any want of resptct on his part-[a laugh) Howevi-v, if securities were not required from the Catholics, to the Pope the ques- tion must come at last. The Master ol the Rolls said something respecting the opinion from himself and Sir. R. G «ord. Mr. Canning said, that in a case touch- ing his life and fortune-[a loud ¡anoli)-he certainly had a right to state the opinion he had received. The Master of the Rolls (it was under- stood) complained of «vhat he considered a breach ol' official secrecy-the opinion «vas private. >, Mr. Canning said this interruption was most extraordinary. (Hear.) The docu- ment was a public one, on «vhieh .depended the judgment to be pronounced whether he h id properly executed his duty us a Minis- ter ; he mi.ul t not have referred to it, but language had been.held «dst where, sind had been repeated in that House, impeaching his honour and honesty. (Hear, hear.) The Master o the Rolls was not eveu original in his remarks. Mr. Canning had read them in print, so that he w s prepared for the a'tack which hud been made, although lie vowed to God, that if ho lind been re- quired to'predict tlie qunrlcr in ihut House frc.in which the nltaek would proceed, ths quarter from «vhieh ii had proceeded would have been I he last «vhieh would have cute« ed into his conjecture. (Hear, hear, hear.) W.th regaiel to the otl er brunell of the re- quired .securities, if there wen: those who thought that there «vas any «langer in com- munications lu the See ol Rome, respecting the marriages of second eousit:s and other such mutters, it was for them to bring in a bill to avert those dangers. Some learned persons had declared, that if any person ob- tained a bull from the Se.: ol' Rome, he woiild he guilty of high treason. livery day, therefore, some Hollian Catholic or other in this country was gui ty ol' high treason. And yet ti uti: «vere persons found io say that there would be no safely in con- cession to the Catholics unless thèse bulls I'mm Rome «vere taken by the horns. (A laugh.) Pi rsiiiis «vho had slumbered for age» over these transactions, now thought of them when such a question as the presen! was agitating; and iliey then chnivetl him with ¡illowii'g the bulls of Rome to ntl) wild and unchain« el. (A laugh.) It «vas iiiiposiible for him to lind words to express the contempt which he felt for such iupu tuiions. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Canning then adverted lo the Coronation Oath, «vhieh had been urged as a hairier against Emancipa- tion. Ile had llionght that bugbear had gone hy. Ile would go to high places for high arguments. ; it' was the opinion ol' the E.,rl of Liverpool, who once thought other- wise, thal the Co-dilution O «th «vas no ob- stacle to the ieinov.il of the disabilities un- der which the Catholics laboured. At one time great danger «vas apprehended fro ni iidiiiittiug a large proportion ol' «vhat «vas described as a disaffected population into the» military service. By the act of isis, however, every Catholic m the Army or Navy might rise to the highest rank, ev a that of Coimiinnder-iu-Cliicf. So that, whilst lhe truncheon of command at sea or land «vas iutrtisted lo t'ie Catholics, a letter from Rome « uabliug a sick patient to cat meat nu a I'ust-diiy was considered danger., oils. (Hear, hear !) Some p opie had doubted whether Mr. Pitt ««as wann on the subject ol' Emancipation ; but there «vas no liihunal, however solemii', before which he (Mr. Canning) would not depose as to the sincerity of Air. Pitt's intent ons. He en- tered into some detail» on this part of the subject ; and avowed his con« iction that Mr. Pitt had given, not adirect pi «Ige, hut what «vas nearly as i llueiitial, at tlie Union with Ireland. ¡Je then cann- to consider the sla e of tli.it country. Some Nvor-ts lind fallen Iran Mr. Peel «vith respe t lo the course that it would be expedient to pursue in Ireland, rather of an alarming uatme. Ile hoped he had misinterpreted them ; but if not, he d «I not envy the hands t«i «vlioni would devolve the task of carrying sti'.h a system into effect. (Hear, hear, hear/) As many allida«its and documents oi every descrip- tion had < been read, le ««oultl t\\.ad one as a spccime.i of the absurdities t'uit had been put forward, The affidavit to «vhieh he referred was eis follows .-" And this de- ponent saith, that he, th« said (A 13) s .torc: that he «votild kick the damned soul ol' the said deponent, so that it should Hy ¡otind Hell like a blue bottle lound a tri ade bar- rel, and «vhieh tlie said deponent veiily b - lieviSthe said A 13 ««-mild have done had he not been prevented." The Cm hohe pries's hud been ching d «Mth omitting the second commaii'meiit in their catee..ism, but he held in his hand a woi k of g.eat circulation in Catholic schools, which con- tained it in in II, lu voting lor llie motion, he reserved to himself, as a matter of exp - cheney, all lurther lonsiderations relative to the claims of tht Catholics. Ile itrrented the House to pause before they i\jcctcd the motion; for il «vas more easy to imagine than it Äoulel be safe to express, the con- sequences that might ensue in Ireland, if the motion «vere loht. (Loud Cheers.) Sir Fran« is Huideti, at the suggestion of Sir C. Forbes, substituted the word expediency for necessity ; he also oin i tied the «vend " immediate" in the resolution; and he would not atld one word in reply, al'ti-r the luminous speech of Mr. Canning. On a dilston, the numbers «vi ri:-noes, 27Ü; Ayes, ¿72; majoiity against Sir F. Bimlett's motion, futir.-At twenty mi - notes to live o'clock the House adjourned. -IIOH.S!': Ol-' LOUDS-Fin da v, l\l,incii9. TI1K CATHOLIC QUESTION. The Marquis of Lansdowne, after pre- senting a number of petitions on this subject, said, he felt it to be his duty, from tlie pecu- liar circumstances of the Catholic question at. this moment, and from the well-grounded apprehension of Iii« success of the measure in their Lordships' House, to move that the notice of tim motion which ho had i til ended to introduce- on the I .Olli, should be discharged. No precipitate conduct on his part should add to tlio deep-felt and angry disappointment with which the people of Ireland would receive the tidings of their defeat. There was a feeling forcibly described hy the Right Honourable Attorney General for Ireland, of unanimity of purpose, and of indignant r«:sis ance against oppression, among all classes of the people of that country, which it behoved their Lord- ships to contemplate ero it arrived at a mag- nitude (which it would in no distant period) i ' tlt.it would strike terror a mo ng all Ihose whose j misgoveriunent had produced or aggravated it. I What with a, growing population and discon ? tented millions, guided by au all-iiiüujDtial -' cicrgy, alienated I rom the ruling classes, pro- scribed as a degraded caste, and as faithless subjects by the ruling authorities-and, above \- all, willi a deep sense oí their unjust atid most 1 impolitic oppression, and a deep resolve to no i longer^ yield to that oppression ; woro their j Lordships called upon to array the forces, of : 1 the empire against a foreign enemy, would I . ¡ they not lind their strength convened by their I j own misrule, into their weakness, and would : ! tliey noi fight their battles with men who would see tlwir fellow religi .nists'iniopprcssed by penal laws, living iii a cou.itry where no distinction between Protestant and Catholic xisted. But he would hot indulge in any melancholy anticipations of evils which, with- out a chango in the system, will inevitably come too soon. It 'would not be in their Lordships' power, by a miracle, to stave off the evils of their own misrule. The pcoj lo of Ireland wer« past tim day of dragooning, and' hanging from lamp-posts. And though one mortal, by miracle, stayed the sun in its course, their Lordships would not bo able to stay the cllbcts of those feelings which the Cod who made that sun had implanted in the breasts of his creatures (Cheers.J The order was then discharged. The Earl of Winchelsea was proceeding willi the most vehement zeal to argue against' the policy of Catholic Emancipation, when he was interrupted by Earl Bathurst,, who called him to order and reminded him that there was no question before the House.-Adjourned. 