ue Shipping Intelligence. The Countess of Harcourt saw a ship to the Eastward on Wednesday ; and yester- day, for about 20 minutes, a strange ship was in sight from the S. E. It is conjec- tured to be the Denmark Hill. On Wednesday arrived, from London, via Hobart Town, the ship Lucy Ann, Captain Dacre, with the remains of a va- luable cargo of merchandize. She brings also, from Hobart Town, 1200 bushels of wheat, and 20 tons of potatoes. Passen- gers, Captain Cunningham, Mr. E. Clemin- son, Mr. Coxen and family, Mr. Lundea, and Mr. B. Gray. Yesterday arrived from Ireland, which she left the 14th of February, the ship Countess of Harcourt, with 192 male prisoners. Sur- geon Superintendent, Dr. Goodsir, R. N. The guard consists of a detachment of the 39th Regt. under the orders of Lieutenant Sleaman (Sleeman) and Ensign Spencer. The Alligator is announced to sail, for Port Macquarie, this day. Captain Dacre, of the Lucy Ann, having most obligingly handed over to us the latest London Papers in his possession, which were down to the 24th of January, we have availed ourselves of the opportunity of making those Selections which we thought likely to be most interesting to our Readers. We have already furnished British Extracts so late as the 27th of January. Since the above was written, the Countess of Harcourt has arrived. Captain Harri- son, in the most handsome manner, trans- mitted us the Morning Herald, the latest Journal in the Colony, of the 10th of Fe- bruary, from which we have hastened to select the most prominent articles of in- terest. Parliament had resumed its sittings; and the contemplated war with Spain had not even ended in smoke, since every requi- sition, on the part ol England, had been amicably attended to. We cannot stop the Press to say more. ex thi it tin ob HIS MAJESTY had graciously accepted of his resignation. Since the departure of Mr. B» troubled with one ex officio prosecution am t-> to stu so de on ß re> Nt " 1 G< G¡ I'm Su of vei rei no ha th C( fei ex ha fit! wi to C. ne dr as in lo cr I'l 8* Ct or sa th The article in Inst niglu'i Monitor ne must briefly notice. We now conclude Unit Mi Hull is himself ** A Subscriber." Ile has pretended, with the de. sijril uf (ji'isiiiiif tbe matter over, In ({ive the original .infernal production re-inscilimi, »tinca« he linn must artfully »milted ern,mi pm- Mitris which the litsi letlrr will he pi.ivcd lo contain. 1 - titi« fuendty 7 U tb s . CD gentlemanly ? !<. it e nntiiiiuh dici'in ? B'it we «hull ¡ Q not olmo v. forth. 1 at pirkcnl on the iiiuliei Ii is nut ' ui'iiinsl Mt H ill «em. ciiHiiii'j, ¡is Ed.tor, foi viiidicn. | ' linn iii u Chu ii ol' Justice--mi1 dcpise xui-h n llmil¡rhi, toi mo ni.iii is iiime vulnerable in personality, in mir opinion, tbiiii the Editor ni the Monitor-'lo which, .lion i'roi, ueshull nut ilenccud ; hut « elm ve iii«liHct>d sitir Sriicttoi tu proceed ngniiisi linn tor Inn 11114 pub. United 11 omul dinliolic alttiL'k, undi'i lite si" nut ure of «« A Subscriber." is , From what fell from the Supreme Court -on Tuesday last, we feel inexpiessihle plea- sure in having elicited one fact favourable to the Liberty of the Press in this Colony, untimely, that the line of public duty, in which the Attorney Gener 1, in future, will have to move, in filing criminal informations, \- ex ojficio, will be marked out by the Court, for the guida ce of that Oflicer. Under tile 4th clause of the New South Wales Act, which is or ou,ht to be in every one's possession, it is enacted, " that all crime«, misdemeanours, and offences cognizable in ? the Supreme Courts respectively, shall be . prosecuted by information in the name of > His Majesty's Attorney General, or other .Officer duly appointed for such purpose by the Governor or Acting Govern ir aforesaid." -So that it clearly appears, by this section of the Act, the power of the Attorney General may be delegated to any other Of . ficer that it m y be the pleasure of the Go- vernor to appoint, which proves that the Attorney Gem ral, in this character, only . sustains a ministerial office, in bringing un ? der the notice of the Supreme Court cet tain offences. Th's is a duty quite distinct ftom those large powers which an Attorney Ge- neral possesses in virtue of his Commission, whereby he can exercise the prerogative of ¡.ming criminal informations, ex qfficio, against all Stat« offenders. Hitherto this public, and this ministerial duty, has lony, owing to which the late Attorney Ge- neral (Mr. BANNISTER) acted in the most .extraordinary way that any Attorney Ge- neral could possibly ever have done. In hi* time, all that any individual had to effect, if he dreamt that there was the .cemplexien of a libel in an article con- tained .in any. Journal, wiw to write te the Atton.ey Genera), who, upon looking at the -newspaper, would, us a matter of course, write immediately to the unfortunate Pub- lisher, "calling upon him to assign reasons »hy he should not be prosecuted for libel ? At one time of day, about 16 months ago, we had » dozen of these ex officio des- patches-coming tumbling, ia as rapidly as we went to press ; and whether they ever carne fo any thing is best known to the Public. But still this was a source of infinite annoyance to us. We had to lake legal advice, and though the silly attempts lo concoct libels fell to the ground, nevertheless the expenses came pretty heavy upon us. Such an Attorney General was, to us, and he would have ptoved so to every Publisher in the Colony, a most grievous annoyance. We have no desire to impugn his motives, especially as he has fortunately left our shores ; but then, we knew and Jelt that "the said Sax" was erecting himself into one of the most formidable Censors that ever trod these shores-and by his own arm, had there lieen m> English laws, and no in- dependent Judges, lind he remained, the Press wculd have been fast enough enslaved. We can shew some of the most ritliculous ex officio letters, regarding allegad libels, that ever emanated from any man ; and had it not been that we became accustomed to the ex officso hand, we must have been obliged to have given up the ghost before His Majesty h.td graciously accepted of his résiliation. Since the departure of Mr. Bannister, we can say we have never been troubled with one ex officio prosecution ; and if those prosecution» are to be confined t> offences against the State, we shall have to congratulate ourselves on the circum- stance that it is not likely we shall iver be so annoyed. Weare sorry we did not un- derstand that so i m portant a case was coming on before the Court, as we should most gladly have been present on the occasion to have heard what fell ftomthe Chief Justice, rei-pecting that towhich we .dinde, for none i n New South Wales ever suffer d more, under " the extraordinary powers of the Attorney General," tlmi the Editor of the Sydney Gazette, though none less deserved suth a line of conduct at the hands of «« tlie said Sa:." In ex officio prosecutions, in cases of libel, the party applying for the inter- vention of the Attorney General, has also his remedy by ci iii proress; whereas such is not the fact, where the Attorney General happens lo refu e to file an information, for then the party must apply to the Supreme Court, and if the Court see reason to inter- fere, then tie prosecution is no longer of an ex officio complexion, and the party ran have but one remedy. In future, we under- stand, private persons who may be libelled, will not be able to get the At orney General to file an information without leave of the Court, so that Publi-hers will not be un- necessarily harrassed, at least the Cou it will do all in its power to obstruct every thing assuming the shape of persecution. Pi i va te individuals have their remedy, in this Co- lony, in a t.vo-fold way, in order to obtain a criminal information for libel-in the first place they can apply to the Magistrates-or, scondly, they ran move the Supreme Court ; and if neither of these will succeed, or should the parties be de ¡rous of compen- sation for alleged.or real injury, they have the means of visiting au offending Publisher with civil process, tío that, iu fact, there is no lui k of ways and means to come down on tue pate of the hapless Journalist, who may perchance fall under the clutches of a prosecutor. With the merits of the case ot- eases, which led to the determination of the Chief Justice to move in this important matter, ne shall not mix ourselves up, since we believe that, in one case at least-we allude to that of Mr. Carter-the aggres- sion was wanton and unmanly in the ex- treme, and we have no doubt will dru a down pioportioned punishment; but, upon the general principle, looking at the interference of the Court for the public good, we are decidedly of opinion it is one of the most fortunate events that could have turned up for the liberty of discussion iu this Colony ; for, if the duties of an Attorney General were left undefined, we know not what might be the consequences in some early and after period of Colonial history. In crimes agiinst the Stitt?, and aga'nst Of ficers of the Government, most undoubtedly the Attorney Ge eral should interfere, us is the prerogative of an Attorney General in Great Brimin ; but then as | rivale indivi- duals have other doors open, by which they can obtain a remedy for any and every grievance, we nevr r could see any reason why an ex officio interference should be required, and biso unnecessarily afforded. The Denmark Hill reached Portsmouth on the 14 h of January, on her way to New South Wales. Mr. Levey, of the firm of Cooper and Levey, had not chartered the Medway, as that gentleman could not come to terms with lier owners. Mr. Levey, however, had been more successful at Liverpool, from which porta vessel was to sail immediately for the house of Cooper and Levey. Three vessels were discharging their car- goes last week, alongside the King's Wharf. As soon ¡is the quay is complete, it will be found of immense benefit to the Public. It was confidently expected, at Hobmt Town, that judgment would be arrested, upon the objections taken by Mr. Gelli- brand, in the case of Mr. R. L. Murray. In consequence of a certain paragraph which appears in the Hobart Town Gazette, of the 16th instant, and which we have co- pied into our columns, we think it only due to Mr. W. C. Wentworth to state, that he (Mr. W.) for almost two years, has had no connexion, in any way, with the Australian. A HINT.-We would be glad to perceive, amongst some of our intelligent and public spirited Colonists, more of a desire to pro- secute the public zeal than at present exists. Amongst other improvement, in these times, would there be any harm in suggest- ing the idea of founding an Australian Museum? The earlier such an Institution is formed, the better it will be for posterity. On Wednesday last two publicans, ap- prehended on a charge of horse-stealing, were taken before the Police. Oin- of them had received his license but a few hours be ? fore the offence is suid to have been com- mitted. By ' the Lucy Ann, auf 'usual tfile« of. Tusmtmiun Journals have reached ur4 Though no fresh arrivals had taken' place prior to the sailing of the Lucy Ann, still the Pupers are not by any means destitute of interest. We shall make judicious Se- lect, ons from their pages. The lender in The Tasmanian, of the 7th instant, though coming from an opposition p^ii, is certainly a faithful delineation of the character of the Press in this Colony. The Editor, in his strictures upon the suspended Four-penny Stamp duty, though he objects to the mea- sure in terms the most mild, yet f.tils not conclusively to shew th.it the licentiousness of public discussion had culled forth the marked displeasure of the Government. 118 The liberal dispositions of the Monitor and Australian-the Papers tb.it have unhinged Society-are sti¡kingly developed, and that in a brief compass. The motives that ac- tuated the Australian, in the first instance, Gi titrainst the Tasmanian Government, are tle » an truly described ; and also the infamous and . never-to-be-forgotten association of the Chief Personages in the Australian State with certain public men, whose lives and actions were studiously blazoned forth as the most inhuman and odious of their kind. We feel we cannot do better thuu furnish our Readers with Mr. Gklmbuano's correct reasoning on this important subject ; and we have no doubt he will rejoice that the Act, which called forth these strictures, has been suspended-though such an inter- posing Acl of the Government does n«it bv any means lessen the influence of those truths which are herewith annexed, and constitute, as we have before observed, the leader in The Tasmanian of the 7th instanc : " The duties of the Editor of an Inde- pendent Paper are not only laborious, both bodily and mentally, but are ol'the greatest public utility in every stage of society ; and the most so, where the means of deriving information are limited, as in a distant Co- lony, like Van Diemen's Land, just emer- ging from a state of darkiie**. When we use the word independent, we mean it iu its liberal and extensive signification-not op- posed to men but measures-and more ready to approve than to condemn. So long as a Journal is conducted upcu such prin- ciples, so long will its pages be resorted to as tlie standard of truth, and as a record of the historical even's which take place. We profess to be guided by such princi pl.s, but whether we are enabled to put our profession into practice we leave to the judgment of our Readers. " Au eventful ern has taken place in tit' history of the surer Colony, which will most materially affect all classes ol society, politically and mora'ly-v»p mean the in- troduction of Laws, by Acts of Council, placing restrictions upon the Liberties of the Press, and introducing Stamp Laws upon Newspapers, to the extent of 4d. " An opinion upon t':e first Act, ab s ruc ted ly consider.«!, was communicated to our Headers in The Tasmanian of the 24th ult ; and we have looked with some anxiety and interest for the Sydney Papers, f»r the purpose of ascertaining their views upon the subject. We were induced to believe that some of the Journa's would have paused for a moment, and have traced the cause to the t fleet. With the exception of The Gleaner, this, the most important point, has been carefully excluded from considé- ration, and ingenuity has bee ; put to the stretch fur the purpose of ev.idiug the laws. " We deplore the Legislative enactments, not so mu.'ii as they aihet tlie individuals connected with the Paper», but us it will check au enquiring spirit, and materially injure the moral state of a rising popula- tion, uud the gro th of know: edge, which lias been wel d ti ned to be power. But, whilst we feel and deplore the>e evils, it i our bonndeti duty "to shew tlie ve.y age " and body of" the times, its form and pre* " sure," in order that when this dark page iu the his ory ol' Australia may be referred to, it may also appear what were the causes which led to ihese enactment}. " The liberty of the Press has, in every age, had the wisest and best of men to rank under its banners.-Free and unrestrained discussion of Public Men, und Public Measures, is the Right of every English- man, so long us they are canvas-ned with respect, au«l 110 impioper or unwoithy mo- tive is attributed. It is dtlTi. tilt to draw the line-hut it is established by good au- thority, toat where " liberty ends iicenti " ousnesshejins," und, upon a memorable occasion, Lord Ellenborough said-" There " may be error in the present system, wi:h " out any vicious motives, uud with the " greatest virtues, ou the part of t!'e reign " mg Soveteign. He may be misled by the " Minister* lie employs, anti a change of " system may be desirable from their faults. " He may himself, notwithstanding the " utmost, solicitude for the happiness of his " People, lake an erroneous view of some " great question of policy, lither forciaii " or domestic. I know but of one Being " to whom error may not be impuUd !" " Taking these us general principles, we feel no hesitation in stating, that the anieles inserted in the " Australian,^ and tlie " Monitor," ha*e usually «onavery far be- yond the bounds of fair discusión. The forme Paper has, from its comm' nonienl, attacked Lieutenant Governor Arthur in the most personal m uner, arising, we are afraid, not from a Constitional ground, but from a personal feeling, engender stay of the Alfred in this Port, iu 1824, respecting th . Head-money tax of 2s. (id. We ure, and al way a were of opinion, that this tax was illegal, und highly impolitic ; but, instead of canvassing the measure upon either of these grounds, the Lieutenant Go- vernor is accused of making an iniquitous application of tlie nioucv- threatened to be written out of countenance-and shamed into a reasonable line of policy. But, with- out occupying any unnecessary space« we cl- o- ts. se it LN on y IP- 'S« fin je m may venture to say, that Governor Arthur has n.-vcr been noticed,in the "Australian*' but in a courland personal, and frequently ina libciloiis mininer. The Chief Justice ol' Van Dieuicu's Land, the Venerable the A'chdeacon, Mr. Bannister (the late Attor ne) General), Mr. Carter, the Master of the Supreme Court, have all shared the same fate His Excellency General Darling was, at first, evi r, thing good and great ; hut, latterly, similar expressions have been up plied io him. " We have seen, and still see much to condemn ; but, although we censure the measures, we trust never to lose sight of the respe t which is due to the person of a Governor; for his office, at least, commands our re»peet. " With rspect to the Monitor, two ex- traéis, and t at from the Magazine of the 18tli May, wi'l suffice:-. From th« follow ' iiii, the people of tiis Colony vvi'd s'C, * f'ut for years and years, the Governor ' Wall's, Somerset's, Arthur's, and Dur * ling s, their conduct in their Government ' becomes liable to parliamentary revision.' Governor Wah was a tyrant, he was a mur- derer, and he exp ated hi i crimes by his life ; and yet General Darling aud Colonel Ar- thur's names are io be associated with his ! Is this fair and legitimate discussion ? 1 Mrs. Macquarie has a heart capable of 1 appropriating this fortune to the noblest of 1 purposts. We expect her son and he r ' will jet visit tlie spot ttbvre hi» Sire spent ' the happiest moments of his life, as he ' oft 'ii.expressed wliil- among us. O how * different to tins will be General Dar ' ling's esiimouy !-Verify th re is a re ! ward for the righteous; doubt/ess there is ' a God thal jitdgeth the earth,' The in- ference from this proiaiiation of scripture is too plain to retjniii; comment ! *' Heing since'e friends to the Liberty of the Press, and knowing its inestimable va- lue in these Coloiti e, we have, witnessed with pain, the licunticusness of it in N w Soutli Wates. We tnink the Attorney Ge- neral (not the Acting Attorney General) highly culpable in not having, upon any one occasion, exercised his corrective powers; but the fact is ion plain to be contradicted, that those who ought to have known better, have abused the Liberty of the Press, oud hy that means destroyed its existence, and en- tailed upon the Coiouists at large, an irre- parable injury, Ike affecting the innocent as wed as the guilty ! We view these mea- sures without party feeling-we exp1 ess our sentiments widi unl'eigmdngret-but pub- lic duty demands from us this record of the fatal truth." questions may be twisted and turned, this only, is the point at issue, and if the affirma- tive of the proposition be contended for, then the prisoner who holds a mere condi- tional release from immediate restraint is at once put upon level with the freest subject in the Colony, and the very intention of a ticket-of-leave is done away with. Besides, we conceive there is a manifest wrong done to the licenced publican, by holding out facilities of this nature to illicit dealing in spirits. It is a well known fact, that the penalty imposed by the Act of Coun- cil, on persons offending in this way, has not been sufficient to check the growth of a practice so detrimental to their interests. When compared with the number of persons, in Sydney, who are known to set the law in this instance of defiance, the detections have been few in the extreme: and, when a con- viction does take place, the penalty is of little moment to those who, perhaps, for years, have evaded a discovery. The ticket-of-leave men are a numerous class of the commu- nity; by affording them the same facility to transgress the law, the evil is considerably magnified, and is it more than reasonable to suppose, that the Government should im- pose a greater penalty upon those persons to whom an indulgence during good behaviour has been granted, and whose claim to con- Some of our contemporaries have pub- lished encomiums on the Magistrates, for the new light in which, it would appear, that a holder of a ticket-of-leave, convicted of selling spirituous liquors illicitly, is in future to be considered by them. We, no more than those writers, have a desire to question the respectability of the ticket-of leave men, in general, but we cannot, not- withstanding, refrain from expressing our most decided dissent, from the reasonings which they have brought forward. We shall leave out of consideration, on the present oc- casion, all those irrelevant remarks which have been mixed up with the matter in dis- pute, and at once come to the question at issue, namely, whether a prisoner holding a ticket of-leave is worthy of being permitted to en- joy that indulgence, the reward, as it is ad- mitted to be, of exemplary good conduct, and the tenure on which it is held, as is well un- derstood by the possessor, being a perseve- rance in the same line of action by which he merited and obtained it. Such, as we take it, is the whole amoiintof the subject, upon which so much has been said by the two Journals thal have discussed the merits of the case, each, as the jud cious Reader will ut once perceive, from very di lièrent motives. It is conceded tlvil the ticket-of-leave hol- der ii'c ives his indulgence on a " narrower footing"-that he is " more circumscribed in the exercée of Ins inclinations," and has " a g reater unmlter of conditions imposed upon him." Why I his is all we contend for, and herein is the essential difference between him and the emancipated man. But v. hat are those conditions ? Will it ever be argued thai a wilful breach of a positive law, is not a violation of one of those conditions ? The very ticket- f-kave itself expressly declares that the holder has received permission to einp oy himself, for his own benefit, at any lawjul occupation, and yet it is asserted that, for a violation of the very terms on which such an indulgence is granted,-"cir- cumscribed" a» it ím allowed to be,-accom- panied ¡ ~~and holdeu only during the Governor's plea- sure, winch of coin se means during good behaviour, the ticket-of-leave in not to be withdrawn, but the holder is to be put upon i lie same level as the emancipist who acquires rights and not mere permissive ca pabiliti'8. So long as the ticket-of-leave man performs the conditions attached to the indulgence he receives, we grant that he is as free, for all the purposes of carrying on any lawful employment, as any member of the community; but if the keeping of a public-house be rendered an unlawful em- ployment for the holder of a ticket-of-leave, as appears by the Government Notice, of the 13th of March, 1826 - if His Excellency the Governor, as is set forth in that Notice, "from a due regard to the good order of the town and the Colony at large, has felt himself called upon to direct that no pri- soner, holding a ticket-of-leave, shall be per- mitted to keep a public-house," will it, or can it be reasonably urged, that a prisoner, who is merely possessed of a release from immediate restrait', on condition of good behaviour, shall be permitted to set at de- fiance that restriction which prevents his fol- lowing the occupation of a licensed vic- tualler, by vending spirits illicitly, subject only to the chance of detection, perhaps once in a year, and liable only to a consequence not exceeding in amount what he would, in all probability, be willing to pay for a licence as a publican? This is the true light in which to view the subject, namely, whether a ticket-of-leave man shall be permitted to evade one of the positive restrictions imposed upon the indulgence he receives, by the per- formance of an act, in itself unlawful even in the free man, and yet be liable only to the same penalties. In whatever way the question may be twisted and turned, this only, is the point at issue, and if the affirma- tive of the proposition be contended for, then the prisoner who holds a mere condi- tional release from immediate restraint is at once put upon level with the freest subject in the Colony, and the very intention of a ticket-of-leaveis done away with. Besides, we conceive there is a manifest wrong done to the licensed publican, by holding out facilities of this nature to illict dealing in spirits. It is a well known fact, that the penalty imposed by the Act of Coun- cil, on persons offending in this way, has not been sufficient to check the growth of a practice so detrimental to their interests. When compared with the number of persons, in Sydney, who are known to set the law in this instance at defiance, the detections have been few in the extreme; and, when a con- viction does take place, the penalty is of little moment to those who, perhaps, for years, have evaded a discovery. The ticket-of-leave men are a numerous class of the commu- nity ; by affording them the same facility to transgress the law, the evil is considerably magnified, and is it more than reasonable to suppose, that the Government should im- pose a greater penalty upon those persons to whom an indulgence during good behaviour has been granted, and whose claim to con- sideration, whilst under the sentence of the law, rests only on a strict compliance with, and obedience to, the conditions on which it has been granted. We do not, at the same time, mean to assert, that the Magistrates have a right to deprive an offender in this way of his ticket-of- leave ; it is an indulgence granted by the Governor, and by him only should it be cancelled ; but we do say, that in all cases where the holder of a ticket-of leave is clearly convicted of selling spirits without licence, a report of the conviction should be made to His Escellency, who would then determine whether such a peron was a fit object of consideration. Houses wherein spirits are illicitly sold, it is well known, are the very hot-beds of vice, the very sinks of infamy. Iniquity, in all its multifarious forms, reigns uncontroulled in those regions of crime, whereas the licensed publican, who depends on the order and re- gularity of his establishment for the conti- nuance of his licence, will, for the sake of his own respetability, and for the preserva- tion of the means by which he is enabled to prosecute the occupation he has chosen, be careful to see that nothing mi[...]tating against the public morals or propriety, is supposed to prevail, within his power to prevent. We do contend, then, that the man, who wilfully offends against the law, and transgresses one of those very conditions that are imposed on him, and of which he was so fully aware when he obtained the indulgence, is not a proper person to hold a ticket-of-leave. It never was the intention of the Government, that those individuals should be "classed with the unprivileged prisoners, and dealt with as if they had never merited or obtained a remission of their slavery." The published declaration of the Governor is directly in the teeth of so false an assertion. His Excel- lency has distinctly stated, that "He is anxi- ous, by every proper means, to improve their situation and promote their comfort, and that they may rely on his favour, so long as they conduct themselves in an orderly and proper manner; but, as persons -still under restraint, and possessing a mere conditional release, it is preposterous to suppose that the Government should not have the power of pointing out the line of conduct they should pursue, and of withdrawing that indulgence on a wilful violation of the terms on which it is granted, and more particularly one at- tended with such dangerous consequences to the order and well-being of society. \--+~+-. One of our conti mporaries, who has a particularly felicitous knack of propagating false reports, and th« n appropriating tnein to his own purpose, assuming them to be tiue, has, with «hat happiness, or rather indi ihr ence attendant upon stupidity, endeavour d in his last, to refute some faets which w» stated were ihe natural consequence of the institution of our Custom-house. We could almost have forgiven this pitiful manu- facturer of " screaming buckets" for hi preposterous assumption iu this case, if he bud not the presumption to criticise our styleof wiiting. By the bye. it is rather carrying the joke too far, for a scribbler like this, wb> has talked ot tlie philosophy of stu- dying "fishes' scales," and introduced into his writing-* the exquisitely elegant and truly original metaphor of a bucket screaming, and th n stabbing a red clout, to talk to us of style ! The ignoramus s of the world, it is well known, are apt to be most dogmatical on those subji cts with which thty are least acquainted ; und this seems to be the case with this writer, though of this we will say nothing for the present, yet he may confide in receiving a volley the next time he has the temerity to talk to us of style. But while we are inclined to overlook his pra sumption in this respect, we do not feel in the least disposed to succumb to his false and seemingly malignant stat' ment res pecting the Meet ng of the Chamber of Commerce, wherein lie says, that't isstrongly rumoured " a Meeting of the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce was appo nted one evening last week to take into conside- ration the said uniformity, system, ramifi- cations, increasing bustle, p'ensing agit ition, zpst, and confidence. The M- eting, we be- lieve, has not taken place, nor do we think it will ; for there is a good deal of the same materials, namely, pleasing agitation, zest confidence, &c.; &c.; «Sec. to settle in the same Chamber, so as to make ii doubtful whether a meeting would be desirable, (The Meet- ing, we have si.ee heard, took place very lut»1 in the evening-quite a private thing.)" Now this, which is alleged to have been n private meeting, was no such thing. Its ob- ject was perfectly well known, and the result of the deliberations are quite well understood. The fact is, thut the Meeting ¡-'e | was convened for the purpose of framing a in regulation respecting pilots conveying ves- sels from the Heuds, wherein it was allowed that they should r< ceive one pound for each league they accompanied the vessel. This is the thing which a certain writer has pre- tended was quite private-entir« ly shroud d in mystery-and doubtless this was urged in order to bring the Chamber of Co;mm re» into contempt. Shame upon such disinge nuHy ! 