Shipping Intelligence. On Tuesday last arrived, from London, via "Hobart Town, the ship Medway, Captain Wight. The manifest of her cargo has been already published in our Paper. Passengers, from London-Mrs. Liscomb, Mrs. Levi, 4 children, and 2 servants. From Hobart Town; Mr. Cavenagh Richardson, Captain Bell and lady, with 3 children and a servant ; also, 8 steerage passengers. Same day arrived, from Port Stephens, the cutter Lambton. On Monday last sailed, for New Zealand, the brig Elizabeth. On Wednesday last sailed, for Port Mac- quarie, the Government schooner Alligator. The Governor Phillip and Regent Bird, for Port Macquarie and Moreton Bay, and the Industry, for the Society Islands, are an- nounced to sail to-morrow ; the Triton, for Batavia, on Sunday next ; and the Elizabeth, for London, on the 25th instant. Agricultural Society - We have to regret that press of business obstructed our early attendance at this meeting by two hours, owing to which, we are prevented from furnishing the particulars until Mon- day, because our Journal is now at press. Parramatta never looked so gay, from the vast and respectable con- course that had concentrated themselves in that town from all quarters of the country. The shew of horses, whilst it displayed the attention that had been given to the colonial breed, also satisfied some of the most experienced spectators, that we bid fair to eclipse Newmarket itself. The ewes and the rams were also pronounced at least equal to those of the Escurial, if not vying with the Electoral fleece. We have just opportunity farther to add, that the Dinner was more numerously attended than upon any former occasion, at which were present nearly all the rank, talent, and integrity, of which Australia can boast. Further particulars must be deferred. Thr primary topic of public discussion, next to that of conjectures in reference to the New New South Wales Act, is that of the unexpected policy of the Administration of Van Diemen's Land. Letters from various quarters, on both sides of that island, have been flowing in upon us, for some time past, expatiating upon the growing popularity of the indefatigable Lieutenant Governor ; when, to our astonishment and regret, in pops an Act of Council, insisting upon a duty of three-pence upon every Newspaper in that pigmy part of the world, which is no more, when compared to New South Wales, than a garden to a forest. Looking at the relative condition of each of the Colonies, and finding that the Empress of the Southern Ocean was as yet unable to afford a Stamp Duty of four pence on a paper, how could it have entered into the pericranium of any Tasmanian Coun- cillor to have imagined, that one of the out- houses of Australia could possibly be possessed of means to pay three-fourths of a sum that exceeds, by two hundred per cent, the stamp duty upon Newspapers at the Cape of Good Hope, where the English and Dutch alike swim in gold. Besides, another thing ought to be considered ; however independent the honest folks of Tasmania may consider them- selves, nevertheless it is not the less a fact, that they are dependent upon the Colony which brought them into existence, and which con- siderately supports them, by relieving Tas- mania of that surplus grain that otherwise must inevitably be consigned to that class of brutes which were the abomination of the Israelites. Let it be recollected, however, that we have no intention to pour contempt upon our more southerly neighbours, for some of whom we entertain the most profound re- gard ; but we are anxious to demonstrate to the local Authorities of the sister island, that their contemplated taxation upon the press, if car- ried into effect, will ultimately prove more inimical to their yiews than Colonel Arthur can possibly imagine. If it turned out that we, in Australia, could not afford to pay a four-penny tax upon our Newspapers, how, in the name of common sense, can it be supposed, that an almost bankrupt appendage of the parent State, will be able to pay three-fourths of our suspended duty? If Van Diemen's Land could afford to pay three-pence, we ought in justice to be required to lay down at least nine pence, if not a shilling - so immense are the odds that exist betwixt this parent and its scion. But, it may be asked, why levy a tax upon Newspapers at all, especially where it appears there are only three Journals in existence, the sale of each of which, most probably is a mere bagatelle ? We are in the habit of dili- gently scrutinizing the columns of the Southern Journals, one of which is said to be in the interests of Government, though we venture to think that the Editor is as free as air ; and another, the Tasmanian, from the modest manner in which it treats of public affairs, we are inclined to consider as a friend and sup- porter of the Government ; but when we look to the Colonial Times, who seems to be the Cobbett of the day, we are not surprised that the Government feels displeased ; be- cause, in that Journal, though they have not common sense, yet they contrive to spin out leaders to an intolerable length, and that, too, in contracted columns. Thus itt appears that the Government of Van Diemen's Land has one Journal as its decided supporter, and a second as its friend, whilst, on the other hand, there happens to be the Colonial Times opposed to a brace of contemporaries, which, with the potent aid of those means within their reach, ought long since to have effected its annihilation. Surely the Government could not have imposed a tax to injure the Hobart Town Gazette ; and we feel assured from all we know, all we hear, and all we see, that Colonel Arthur had no wish to suppress the Tasmanian. Then why, in the name of won- der, establish a Stamp Duty for such a poli- tical nonentity, and harum- scarum see-saw Journal like the Colonial Times, when every statement of it could be so successfully met by the confederate Journals of the day ? In- dependent of our opinion that Van Diemen's Land is not fit to endure taxation of this kind, or that the Journals would become defunct under the operation of the Act, we think that tlie policy will not bear that scrutiny which it ought to do ; and therefore we feel annoyed, after having voluntarily defended Colonel Art- thur for years, that he should at once, when the tide of popularity began to flow upon him, aim a blow at that freedom of discussion - the liberty of the press - which we beg leave to tell him, though His Excellency may not be in possession of the same information, has proved His most efficient battlement; and if it was not for the knowledge we have in reference to certain points, perhaps it might not be in our power, unequivocally to state, that the Sydney Gazette has proved a bulwark which has hitherto preserved Colonel Authur from the victorious fury of his enemies. We are sorry that he has been induced to countenance this three-penny Act ; and, if we were only to express our regret in the terms which the urgency of the case demands, we should not fail of convincing Colonel Authur, as well as all our Readers, that he has failed in effect- ing the end desired. But it is not for us to shew, and to prove the way in which the Colonial Press may be legitimately and suc- cessfully fettered: inasmuch as, with our latest breath, though we will maintain the Government with all our best energies, we shall ever continue the firm advocate of the Liberty of the Press ; conscious tha every wheel of the British Government can only revolve on its own axis, whilst the machinery of the English Constitution is kept in full play. With this declaration of our senti- ments, we shall close our remarks, pro tem- pora though we most fervently trust, that His Excellency the Lieutenant Go- vernor will, at once, rescind an Act which cannot benefit his Administration a jot. We beg to subjoin the leaders of some of our Tasmanian contemporaries on the subject. " The New Acts.- We this day present our Readers with no less than three enact- ments of the Legislative Council for the present year, and several others, we learn, will speedily follow. The Act, No. I. to ex- plain and amend the former Act, regulating the sale of spirits, we most sincerely hope, will have its desired effect, and will give the blow to the grog system, and all its ruinous consequences. The Acts, number 2 and 3, affect us more intimately, and though a party concerned, we cannot refrain from giving our temperate and unbiassed opinion upon them. We have never once, since we first under- took the part of public journalist, either here or elsewhere, in treating of any grave subject, shewn the least partiality, or leaning, from personal motives, to one side or the other, and we think we cannot entirely divest ourselves of it on the present occasion. " With regard to the imposing of a license to make known the name of the printer and publisher, and so forth, and to afford greater facilities, than have hitherto existed in this island, for the prevention of libels, and the discovery of the authors of them, we ourselves have long ago advised it, and therefore can- not, without manifest inconsistency, now dis- approve of it. The imposing a heavy duty upon Newspapers is, however, a totally dif- ferent measure, on which we have never yet given our opinion, but which we now, with every freedom and impartiality due to a British subject, candidly declare. The object of the Act professes to be, to raise a fund in order to defray the expense of printing the public notices, &c.; and is evidently framed with much caution, and after long deliberation. It will certainly have this good effect, that by increasing the price of Newspapers to the Public, it will compel the Proprietors and Editors of them, to exert themselves to the utmost, so as to render them desirable and worthy the purchase of that public. It is the Stamp Duty, it must be confessed, acting in this way in England, that has raised the Newspaper Press there far beyond all others in the world. Nevertheless we disapprove of it here at the present time, and we will state our reasons. In the first place, none but men of large and unencumbered capital can possibly carry on a Newspaper, a business so irksome and laborious, and in this Colony returning so small a profit, that no one so situated would willingly undertake it. While the proprietor is compelled to find weekly, a large sum of money to defray the expense of wages, paper, aud other charges incurred in carrying on his business, in maintaining his family, and the amount of duty to the Treasurer, nothing which he can collect from his subscribers can possibly counterbalance it, more especially at the present low price of wheat, and all other Colonial produce. All idea therefore of the duty amounting to such a sum as would de- fray the expense of printing the notices of Government must prove nugatory. The island must be much more populous, and the inhabitants more disposed to reading than they are, before the duty will defray even the bare charges of stamping and collecting it. Where we sell hundreds or rather fifties, the English Journals, on which the Act appears to have been calculated, circulate thousands. There is, therefore, no parallel. All small taxes are bad ; the expense of collecting them is usually so great that they eat up the pro- ceeds, and being of a minute description they are more sorely felt by the people. The sys- tem of small trifling detailed taxation has long been on the decline in England, for she has suffered much from it. Lord Liverpool has uniformly aimed at abrogating it, and Mr, Canning, we doubt not, will finish the work. Every thing, in a word, which tends to check intelligence, bridle the ardour in the human mind for information and research, must also tend to check the energies of the people, and of consequence, the resources and revenue of the Government which is over them. Within the last two years, the spirit of inquiry, the thirst for useful knowledge which has sprung up, more especially in the native born part of the population, may well be said to have ad- vanced the community in the scale of civili- zation at least 100 years. What share, if any, in producing this happy change, is due to the Hobart Town Guxette, and how much it will be circumscribed by the present Act, we leave for other to determine. In common with our countrymen we feel how earnestly and anxiously His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor wishes for the welfare of the Colony, and trusting that these observations will be taken in good part, as they are respectfully and submissively offered, we hope that the power which the Council, by the tenth section, seems for that very purpose to have given him, of lessening the amount of the duty, will be used to the lowest possible limit."- Hobart Town Gazette, Sept. 22. " We regret exceedingly to inform our Readers, that, among other articles, their vehicles of communication and information the Newspapers, are to be put under taxation ! Every Paper is to pay, in future, a duty of three-pence, besides one or two licenses for printing and publishing. The small circula- tion, in our community, will not bear so heavy a tax -- but the Colonial Government is not to be blamed ; it is in obedience to orders received from home. This is the consequence of the violent course of politics that has been adopted by the Opposition Press these some years past. The pestiferous principles of party spirit, arising from the splenetic re- venge of disappointed ambition, carrying pestilential destruction around them, wherever seen, were sent forth under the specious garb of patriotism Call this patriotism ? - as well call black white, call fire water. Patriotism is never precipitate - considers, hears, and becomes first convinced - then applies, with circumspection, but with a dignified firmness that never fails of success. However, there is nothing new in this consequence to the Press. It has often suffered in the same way. The same cause has produced the same effect in many places, and on various occasions. When will men be wise ? When shall we 'first take out the beam before we attempt to take out the mote ?' " There is, however, one consolation left and that is, a discretionary power with the Lieutenant Governor to withdraw the tax if he should think proper ; and it remains with us to conduct ourselves in such a firm and be- coming manner as will induce His Excellency to exercise this prerogative, and thereby en- courage a machine, which, when properly conducted, is so well calculated to improve the community both in mind and circumstances." \- Tasmanian, Sept. 20. Doctors Wardell and Hall - we beg the former learned Gentleman's pardon, we mean Dr. Wardell and Father Hall have each come out, in their last numbers, with remarks on the late trial for seditious libel. As we are professed advocates for having all things done in decency and in or- der, we will attend to each of these Gentle- men in turn; and, as precedence is due to the Church before the law, we shall, of course, commence with the Padre. Candour in con- troversy implies a strong sense of justice, united to a sincere and disinterested love of truth, and is a disposition difficult to preserve, and rarely to be met with. Vehement decla- mation, unqualified invective, and poignant abuse, have been, however, unfortunately for the credit of the Colonial press, as well as for the writers themselves, but too often sub- stituted for fair and candid discussion, Whilst common sense has been endeavoured to be borne down in the burst of a puerile and extravagant sentimentality. No allowance whatever has been made even by those who so loudly proclaim the influence of the press on public feeling, for the particular character of the Colony ; no desire has been shewn to adapt the tone in which public measures are dis- cussed, to the peculiar circumstances of the great mass of the population ; but the most gross and violent attacks have been daily made on the Government and its acts, the obvious tendency of which has been to degrade the constituted authorities in the public estimation, and to weaken the influence of that power, which, by a well regulated mind, and in a community constituted like ours, it should be the most anxious desire to uphold. "The So- licitor General," says Mr. Hall, "de- scribed, in glowing language, the dangerous stae of our society, owing to the licentiousness of the Newspapers ;" but he continues, " the Country was quiet - profoundly quiet - up to last May." At that period, it was that those Acts were passed which Mr. Hall and his brother in disaffection assert, were intended to "put down the press," but which, in rea- lity, had no other effect than that of placing it on the same footing on which it exists in England, where scarcely a tenth part of the reasons for restriction subsist, as prevails in this Colony. But, is this the real state of the case? Are the facts, as Dr. Wardell says, fairly stated ? We think not. Was it not the daily increasing licentiousness of the Press; was it not the continued libels on the Government, and on public and private character by those who fancied themselves secure in their concealment, which rendered those restrictions a matter of absolute ne- cessity, to preserve the peace and good government of the Colony ? And was it not the iterated gross and seditious attacks on the Authorities and their mea- sures, by those who were enraged at being thus driven from their lurking holes, that left the Govern- ment no other alternative to preserve its very ex- istence, than to institute those prosecutions which they are now called upon forsooth to abandon ? The very circumstance of the press being without restric- tions up to May, proves only the forbearance of the Government, and that absolute necessity alone, arising from its licentiousness, drove them to the measures they adopted. Either we are wrong in our conjectures, however, or a different state of things will now come to pass. The Government have at length got Law Officers, who, whilst they will never be the means of imposing unjust restrictions on the privilege of free discussion, will not suffer it to extend beyond the legitimate bounds of decency and decorum, nor become the medium of producing anarchy and sedition. So far from the Crown Law Officers meriting the censures which those whose voluntary acts have brought them into the situation in which they now stand, they are entitled to the thanks of every individual who prizes so valuable a privilege as the liberty of the Press,a privilege which, had not a timely check been given to its abuse, the Colony bid fair for being deprived of altogether. So much for Mr. Hall. We will now pay a little attention to his learned coadjutor in libel. He, modest man, who talked of contending with a dozen lawyers in his own august person. He who, only can maintain the dignity of a Newspaper as it ought to be, has certainly some little reason for self gratu- lation. We can forgive in him some little bouncing on the present occasion, for truly he had a narrow escape, and we really do believe him, fur once, when he expresses himself satisfied that one blow has been warded off. "It has been maintained," says the Doctor, "by high legal authority in England, that an Attorney General should never prosecute tor libel, except in cases which are clearly unjustifiable, which admit of no extenuation, and moreover, in which there cannot be a doubt on any dispassionate man's mind, as to the unlawfulness, the malice, and the libellous tendency of the publication." By this test alone, we are willing to leave the article which was the subject of the late prosecution to be judged, and by this test will the conduct of the Crown Officers in instituting the proceedings which they felt it their duty to adopt, be justified in the mind of every dis- passionate individual. It is amusing enough to observe the insinuation of the Australian, notwith- staning he has so narrowly escaped conviction, that the sentiments he has promulgated, are the senti- ments of the public mind, and therefore, cannot be libellous, though couched in serious and severe language on Government measures. We deny in the first instance that the sentiments of Doctor Wardell were ever the sentiments ot the Public, and we equally deny that the receptiou of such Journal is his, is indicative of the public mind. In all communities, but in none so much as ours, there will be found numerous partizans of disaffection, and strenuous opposers to good government Such are the "rabble readers," who, no doubt, will pur- chase such a journal, for every man likes to be able to give a reason for the rebellion that is within him. It is against the propensities of such readers that the energies of every well organized Government should be directed, and it was with a full conviction that the newspapers against which he directed his legal arrows were supported by such parties, that the Attorney General made up his mind to submit some of the contents of their columns to the opinion of a Jury. It will, however, and we rejoice at the fact, be no longer tolerated in this Colony, any more than in England, that intemperate, scandalous, and ma- licious articles should go forth to the public, even though they speak the sentiments of "rabble readers," or their silent admission that the Govern- ment requires to be reformed, The sensible and well constituted part of the community "want no change, and least of all, such change as they would bring them " and it is ever the first duty of a Government, with regard to its own preservation, in which the wel- fare of the people are essentially mixed up, to repress the publication ot sentiments, emanating trom those with whom history at all periods of the world, has shewn, that the most disastrous revolutions have originated. If this, then, be generally true, and we apprehend little doubt can be entertained on the sub- ject, how much more necessary is it, that in this pe- culiarly constituted Colony, everything bordering on licentiousness, or having a tendency to bring the Go- vernment into contempt, should be carefully re- strained. Fair and candid discussion on subjects of public interest, will ever promote the interests of the Government and the governed, whilst on the con- trary where every thing is viewed through the heated atmosphere of passion and prejudice, where opposition is made for opposition sake, or for the sake of administering to the bad passions of those to whom no change can come amiss, none but disastrous consequences can necessarily ensue. All that such writers see, or think fit to see, is a determination to oppress and misrule the Colony, for oppression's sake, just as if such a motive could be supposed to sway any man, or set of men, beyond the capacity of them- selves. To check a line of conduct so pregnant with evil, in public writers, and to preserve so great a blessing as the Liberty of the Press to the Colony, is the only object of the Law Officers, and of the Go- vernment, and there is not one of the Colonists, save only those few whose existence depends on the un- worthy attempt to fan the flame of discontent, but will admit the necessity for a vigorous course of pro- ceeding in so desirable an object, and admit that they are deserving of nothing less than the thanks of the community for their meritorious endeavours. If the news be true, that Mr Hely is placed at the head of the Police Department, in Sydney, we venture to assert that no event could have taken place with which the Public are likely to be more highly gratified The courteous demeanour, the pa- tience displayed in investigation, and the impartial justice by which this Gentleman was distinguished, during the short period in which he discharged the duties of Superintendent of Police, have invariably elicited the warmest encomiums from all who had oc- casion to come before him, and his permanent return to that important situation, for the duties of which he is so eminently qualified, we have little doubt, will he joyfully hailed by all classes of the community save those who, in his retirement from the office of Principal Superintendent of Convicts, will not fail gratefully to remember the kindness and humanity exercised towards the numbers of unfortunate indi- viduals under his controul. Against the retiring Superintendent of Police we have nothing to urge, nor are we aware that public approbation has not attended the discharge of his Magisterial duties. We had the misfortune unintentionally to differ from that Gentleman in his apprehension of what he considered uncourteous conduct, and somehow, we cannot yet bring ourselves to think that we were in error. Be that as it may, however, mere personal occurrences between us, and any Officer of the Government, shall never influence our opinion on public matters , and, as we have already observed, we are not aware that Dr Dulhunty has not merited the approbation of the Public and the Government for the efficient dis- charge of the duties of his Office, during the period he has filled the situation of Chairman in of the Sydney Bench of Magistrates, and we are only sorry that this Gentleman should have been the first Superin- tendent of Police, who, by illegally excluding our Reporters from his Court, has interfered with the rights of the Public Press, and more particularly of that Journal by which he, in common with the Ma- gistracy of the Territory, have been invariably sup- ported, and defended against the uncharitable at- tacks of Journalists, whose Reporters, notwithstand- ing, have not been disturbed in their avocations. It was an error in judgment, After all, however, it may not be true that Dr Dulhunty retires, though probably Bathurst would prove a more con- genial climate to the Doctor, as there is not the ghost of a Reporter there, nor likely to be until we establish the Bathurst Intelligencer. Captain Cotie, of the 19th Regiment, has been appointed, we are informed, Com- mandant at Port Macquarie, and proceeds thi- ther on the Governor Phillips. By the same vessel, Captain Robinson, and Lady, proceed to Newcastle, where the Captain is appointed Military Commandant. Lieutenant Bainbridge goes to Moreton Bay, to relieve Lieutenant Innes, who re- turns to Port Macquarie. Sir WILLOUGHBY DIXIE, Bart, has been committed to Leicester gaol, charged with an assault upon his own daughter, only nine years of age, with an unlawful intent. The Ephemina was 131 days, in place of 113, on her passage. The fate of the Grace, laden with wool, off the Cape of Good Hope, in May, 1823, which was destroyed by fire, will be in the recollec- tion of our Readers. The following quota- tion, from Henry's Chemistry, accounts for the cause of that unfortunate accident, and may hereafter be of service to shippers of wool, &c; : "The fixed oils have a singular property, which has led sometimes to serious accidents. When mixed with lamp black, or any light kind of charcoal, and even with several vegetable substances, as cotton, wool, or flax, the mixture after some time heats spon- taneously, and at length bursts into flame, This spontaneous combination has sometimes been ob- served to take place in the waste cotton, which has been employed to wipe oil from machinery, and been thrown aside for a few hours. It has probably oc- casioned many of the calamitous fires which have happened in cotton mills, and for which adequate cause could net be assigned. " In again adverting to a question which we consider to be of no small importance to the welfare of the Colony at large, and which, we regret to say, must be decided in the Supreme Court, early in November, we do so, not with a view to prejudice the public mind, but rather with a wish to convince the parties who are opposed to us of the illegality of their pro- ceedings. The matter we now refer to, is the exclusion of our Reporters from the Police Office ; and, in justice to ourselves, we may state, that we have done every thing we be- lieve to be consistent with our public and pri- vate character, to come to an amicable arrange- ment, rather than push the case to extremity, but, we sincerely regret, without being able to produce the desired effect, uuless upon terms more repugnant than death itself. It has surprised many that Magistrates should per- sist in their determination to allow the question of the legality of the step which they have taken to be decided in a Court of Civil Ju- risdiction, as a considerable time has now elapsed since the act of excluding our Re- porters took place, during which period, they have had sufficient time to obtain legal opi- nions on the merits of the question at issue. For our own part, we have heard, unasked, the opinions of several of the Gentlemen of the Bar, who have uniformly declared, that our Reporters had an undoubted right to take notes in the Police Court, which is, to all intents and purposes, a public Court. The Public, too, from all that we can collect, con- sider the exclusion to be highly improper - that it is an infraction on their own rights, and may, at some future day, should we have a less honourable Commission, be subversive of jus- tice itself. The security of the prisoner from any undue exercise of authority, and the conscious- ness of that security, can alone enable him even to conduct his defence with propriety. An emi- nent lawyer, and writer on the constitution of England, has said, that " the party accused ought to be provided with every possible means of defence. Above all things, the whole proceedings ought to be public. The Courts, and their different forms, must be such as to inspire respect, but never terror, and cases ought to be so accu- rately ascertained, the limits so clearly marked, as that neither the Executive Power, nor the Judges, may hope to transgress them with im- punity; for, since we must absolutely pay a price for the advantage of living in society, not only by relinquishing some share of our natural liberty (a surrender which, in a wisely formed Government, a wise man will make without reluctance), but also by resigning part of even our personal security ; in a word, since all judicial power is an evil, though a ne- cessary one, no care should be omitted to reduce, as far as possible, the dangers of it." These are the opinions of a lawyer and philo- sopher, and are in perfect accordance with the nature of the Constitution itself. We have heard, it is true, of secret tribunals; they pre- vail in France, and every one who has read has shuddered at the idea of the Spanish Inquisi- tion, the very existence of which depended upon secresy ; every Court whose proceedings are secret is of an inquisitorial nature, excepting such whose proceedings are rendered so for the security of the accused, or to answer the ends of public justice - we mean such only as are so constituted in England, if any such there be, because, if the party or parties be commit- ted, the proceedings are finally made in a pub- lic manner. Supposing, therefore, that a part of the proceedings cf a Court of Police ought not to be published, and we admit that in some in- stances it would be wrong, as a prejudice might be raised in the minds of the very individuals who would ultimately sit in judgment on the case, still, under such circumstances, a Magis- trate would have no right to force any man out of Court, merely for taking notes, so long as he otherwise conducted himself with pro- pi iety. The mere prospect that a crime would be committed, or rather, that notes taken would be published, would not justify the commission of another crime, namely, that of an assault. If an improper report be published, another and a lawful remedy could be obtained. We are speaking now of Police Courts as they are constituted in England, but then they are widely different from Police Courts in New South Wales, where the Ma- gistrates have a much more summary jurisdic- tion. With them nine cases out of ten are finally disposed of; and offences, too, which in England would fall under the jurisdiction of the Criminal Courts, are punishable by the Magistrates, even to the extent of transporta- tion for years. At home such offenders would be tried in the Criminal Courts, by twelve good men and true, and in the presence of the people, that is to say, such of the people who choosed to be present at these trials, whether to take notes or to sit as indifferent spectators, how much more necessary, therefore, is free access to our Police Courts where such an un- bounded authority is exercised. These Courts are Courts of Record, and the Magistrates sit in the capacity of Judges; therefore, they are, and ought to be, as open to public scrutiny, as any other public Courts. Even a Coroner's Inquest on a body supposed to have been mur- dered, which, one would imagine, should, for the ends of justice, be conducted privately in almost all cases, according to Sir Thomas Smith, in his Treatise on Common Law, is to be held in an open place, on view of the body ; for it is considered, even here, to be of the greatest importance to the public that the pro- ceedings before the Court should be public, as many matters of the deepest interest often will arise which concern the public welfare, and which, if conducted in private, might be pro- ductive of very considerable injury. After an accusation has been made, however, against a particular individual, the publication of ex parte statements is held to be illegal. So, also, as we have already observed, in examinations before the Police, the publication of such cases, or statements, may be held to be illegal, in which the accused is committed for trial before a superior Court, but then the illegality of the publication, even suppose there were no cases of summary jurisdiction, would not jus- tify the singling out and forcing of a particu- lar individual from the Court, who had com- mitted no offence. But, it has been said, that in forcing our Reporters from the Court no disrespect or injury was meant to them, but to us, who are most unjustly accused of having given Magistrates previous cause for taking offence. Now, if it be a just maxim, that it is better for two delinquents to escape than that the innocent man should suffer punishment, surely the conduct of the Magistrate, in this case, is most unjustifiable. But as we have written before on this subject, we will, for the present, merely add, that where a Court of Justice is conducted openly, in the pre- sence of a promiscuous assembly, it has a ten- dency to overawe the really criminal, but it gives confidence to the innocent, whilst the most corrupt Judge, finding himself so sur- rounded, will dread giving way to the dis- honest purposes of his heart. These are some of the advantages to be derived from open Courts, but there is another of a most impor- tant nature which we will barely glance at, we mean the publication of the reports of such cases of delinquency as may be decided in the Police Court. By them tha Public aro put 1 upon their guard against the practices of the most notorious offenders, whilst others are de terred from the commiss on of offences, more from the dread of being exposed in the pubic prints, than from the dread of the punishment which might be inflicted upon them by the Magistrate. Such are a few of our views and arguments on the question, and it would cer- tainly be gratifying to us were they to pro- duce conviction in the minds of those for whom this article is intended. We have been rather surprised to hear two or three respectable gentlemen express astonishment, that we could so far lose sight of the bounds of legitimate discussion, and decency of expression, as to apply the words "grappling with the scoundrel" even to a cer- tain contemporary. We beg to assure those gen- tlemen, as well as all our readers, that the expressions did not originate with us, but were made use of in the course of one of those late disgraceful orations, which emanated from our contemporary himself, in his other character, in the Supreme Court, and audaciously applied to a high Personage, whose name we do not feel ourselves warranted in mentioning in connexion with such a subject. As an extraordinary instance of the effect of soil on vegetation, we may mention that, in the Botanic Garden, there is an olive tree, six years old, bearing flowers. Now the olive is not known to bear in Europe until it is from 10 to 14 years old. We are gratified to find, that a considerable quantity of the opium poppy is growing lux- uriantly in the Government Garden. As the great value of this article in China has been ascertained, we recommend it to the attention of the agriculturists. A man, named Thomas Nash, whilst, in a state of intoxication, on the Race- course at Parramatta, on Wednesday last, had his skull fractured from the wheel of a gig passing over it as he lay on the ground. The unfortunate man is attended by Dr. Martin, and reco- vering. Chateaubriand's new novel, called Nathez, is certainly a Work of genius, of which the abundance of new and original comparisons is a striking characteristic.- Innocence and rea- son, says he, are two trees planted at the ex- tremities of life; at the foot of both we find repose; but the tree of innocence is laden with perfumes, flower buds and young ver- dure: the tree of reason is but an old shattered oak, stripped of its foliage by the lightning and the winds of heaven.- Hope is like the blue mountains ; from their lofty tops the tra- veller descries an enchanting country, and he overlooks the precipices which separate him from it. One of the most popular pieces now acted night after night iu London, is called "The Flying Dutchman." The legend, is truly ridiculous and absurd. Not so the cut-lugged sow, which some of our readers from the North of the Tweed may recollect. The vessel had sailed from Kirkaldie in the Frith of Forth, and the master, named William Williamson, having indulged in a glass of extra, had gone to bed, when dreaming of ghosts and hobgoblins he started upon deck in a fright, and seeing the shadow of his vessel on the smooth silver surface of the deep by the bright moonlight, he mistook it for another ship, and bawled out from the companion door "What ship?" to which his chief officer, named James Jamieson, being at the bow, humouring his mistake, answered " the Cut- lugged-sow"-'. The Cut-lugged-sow ! " re- echoed the skipper, '' well, I never thought there was anither ca'ed tho Cut-lugged-sow but my ain auld woman-An I what's the master's name ?" continued he, " Willie Willieson"-" Willie Willieson ! well, that's passing strange ; just my ain name till a hair, and what do they ca' the mate ?" " Jamie Jamieson." "Dear guide us a,'" exclaimed he at last, holding up both hands in amaze- ment as he stood undressed shivering upon the deck, "twa Willie Williesons!-twa Jamie Jamiesons !-and twa Cut-lugged-sows ยก-and | a' frae the lang toon of Kirkaldie ! " Parentage of Maturin,the Poet.- - Some twenty or thirty years before the French Revolution, a lady of rank, attached to the Court, is said to have been driving through a retired street in Paris, when the cries of an infant child caught her attention. The singularity of the circumstance, in so lonely and remote a spot, naturally induced her to inquire into the cause, and she desired her servant to ascertain from whence the cries proceeded. The man returned, after a very short search, with the basket containing a child newly born, which he found in an ob- scure comer of the street. The infant was dressed in the richest clothing, and seemed to belong to parents of distinction; but although many exer- tions were made to discover who they were, the whole matter remained, and is likely to continue, an im- penetrable mystery. The street in which the child was found, was called the Rue de Mathurine, in ho- nour of a Convent which then stood in it, dedicated to a Saint of that name, and the foundling, conse- quently, called Mathurine - Anglice, Maturin. The lady to whose maternal fosterage the child was thus providentially committed, sent it, at a proper age, to the Convent, to be educated, and never neglected any opportunity of promoting the future objects for which she designed it. But the boy, born under the caprice of fortune, grew up under its inflictions, and was doomed to the trial of a very fluctuating life. He had scarcely reached manhood when he became a victim to the political fury of the times, and was thrown into the Bastille, from which, after a long in- carceration, he escaped into England at the period of the revolution. Here he married and naturalized. From this individual, with whom the name of Matu- rin originated, the poet descended.- New Monthly Magazine. 