THE ANCIENT CONSTITUTION OF PORTUGAL. A literal translation of general Chapters, faithfully extracted from the Archives and Chronicles of Portugal, which form the fundamental Law of the Succession to the Throne, and constitute the Right of Sovereignty in the august House of Braganza. The said Chapters were presented to King Don John the Fourth, in the Cortes, which he held at Lisbon, on the 28th January, 1641, together with the decisions of the said Lord and King. OF THE STATE OF THE PEOPLE. CHAPTERS 1, 2, AND 3. We pray and demand, for the general good of this kingdom, that decisions may be taken respecting the succession and inheritance, renewing and ratifying the chapters of the Cortes of Lamego, made by the most glorious King, Don Alphonso Henriquez, founder of this kingdom (Portugal) and that it be ordained therein, that no King or Prince who is a stranger shall ever inherit it, in order that the King of Portugal may be a natural and legitimate Portuguese, born within the kingdom, and under the obligation of remaining here, and personally dwelling among us ; and that to obtain this end the more effectually, three of the most illustrious families, most nearly allied to the Royal blood, may be nominatede and elected in this kingdom, to the end that, should there be a default of a de- scendant direct, which may God forbid! to whom this kingdom should come, the succession may devolve on one of these three families, always observing the order and the forms of vocation, the sexes, and the ages, which ought to be preferred according to law, and with all the necessary clearness, to avoid the doubts and inconveniences which experience tells us some- times occur in this kingdom between the natural lords and strangers. It should also be ordained that when the kings and princes of this kingdom, or their children, shall marry in foreign countries, there may be a clause prohibiting in the marriage contracts that the succession should ever come to them, their children, or descendants. And by means of this clause they shall have no longer any right to pretend therein-a circumstance which will put an end to all discord. THE KING'S ANSWER. " I shall cause laws to be established conformably to what you indicate in the 2d and 3d chapters ; and I answer the state of the nobility, that this shall be in conformity with the determination of the King, Don John III, with such declarations and modifications, as may appear most conducive to the preservation and common weal of the kingdom. OF THE STATE OF THE NOBILITY. CHAPTER THE FIRST., The policy of a good government teaches, and ex- perience has proved, that the union of several king- doms and domains in the person of one sole king, prevents their being so well governed as they would be separately, each under its own prince ; and that the latter ought to be a native of the country, born and educated there, so as to be able to know his own sub- jects, and love them as fellow-countrymen. Con- sistently with this did Don Alphonso Henriquez at the original establishment of his kingdom, in the Cortes held by him at the city of Lamego, after the year 1143, amongst other things by him ordained and established by law, ordain that this kingdom should never pass into the dynasty of a stranger, and that in default of a son or male descendant, the daughter shall be married within the kingdom ; and this law has been observed only until the reign of our King, Don Ferdinand, who has been the ninth of this dynasty, and afterwards in the Cortes assembled at Colmbra by John I. no condition or clause has been made to pre-. vent the marriage of Infants with strangers, and to deprive them thereby of the succession to the king- dom. Since that period King John III. during his reign, has endeavoured to renew this law, of which the chronicles of the kingdom make mention. The state of the nobility demands and entreats of your Majesty, that you would deign to enact a law, ordaining that the succession to the kingdom may never fall (or appertain) to a foreign prince, nor to his children, though they may be the nearest relatives to the king, who may have been last in possession ; and that in case the king of this realm should be called to the succession of another crown, or of a greater empire, he be compelled to live always there; and if he have two or more male children, the elder son shall assume the reins of Government in the foreign country, and the second in Portugal, and the latter shall be the only recognised heir and legitimate successor ; and In case there should be but one child to inherit these two kingdoms, these said kingdoms shall be divided between the children of the latter, in the order and form above-mentioned. In case there shall be daugh- ters only, the eldest shall succeed in this kingdom (Portugal) with the declaration that she marry here with a native of the country, chosen and named by the three States assembled in Cortes. Should the Princess marry without the concurrence of the States, she and her descendant shall be declared incapable, and be ousted of the succession ; and the same three States shall be at liberty to choose a king from among the natives, if there be no male relation of the royal family in whom the right of succession appertains. The King's answer :- What you point out in this chapter is conformable to what I should expect from your loyalty, and I thank you infinitely, being of opinion that such demand is suitable to my service, to the well-being of the king- dom, and your tranquillity, and for this reason I shall cause laws to be enacted in the form already ordained by Don John III, with such declarations and modifications as may appear best adapted to the preservation and common weal of the said kingdom. CHAPTER THE SECOND. That in case your Majesty deigns to make this law in the succession of the kingdom, it ought to be in- serted in the volume of the ordinances, in order that it might be promulgated, and known, not only to the subjects of the kingdom, but also among strangers. The King's answer:- I shall ordain this also in the new collection which shall be made of the ordinances of the kingdom. The King's answer to the reply of chapter the first, that is, to the supplication of the first paragraph :--- As to the first chapter, on the succession of these kingdoms, it seemed fit to me to require a law, by which I declare that the succession of the kingdom can never come at any time whatsoever to a foreign prince, nor to his children, however nearly they may be related to the king, the last possessor. On the contrary, it (the succession) shall belong always to a prince a native of this kingdom ; and for the purpose of ordaining this law in the proper form, I nominate the Doctors (jurisconsults) Thome Pinheiro de Veige, Louis Pevein de Castro, Jorge de Arenjo Estero, and Antoine Paes Viegas. OF THE ECCLESIASTICAL STATE. CHAPTER THE FOURTH. Experience has demonstrated the evils and pre- judices, which, in monarches and kingdoms, proceed from the succession of foreign princes, and such as are not born in the kingdom. It is for this reason that it is much for the good of this kingdom to prevent these evils in establishing a law, by which your Majesty ordains that, should it happen that any of the king's of these realms die without male issue, leaving only daughters, the eldest may succeed to her father ; and if she be not married, she shall be obliged to marry a portuguese, her next kinsman ; and if the said daughter be already married, to a prince not a Por- tuguese, she cannot succeed to her father ; and in such case, the next daughter shall succeed, observing the same formalities, so that if the daughter be not married, or cannot marry a Portuguese, they shall be ousted from the succession-a succession which thence for- ward shall go to the next kinsman of the last possessor, The male being still preferred. The King's answer. "On this chapter, for which I thank you, I have already answered in the chapters of 'The States of the people and of the nobles,' in ordaining a law to be made in conformity with that ordained by Don Juan the 3d, with the declarations and modifications which shall be most agreeable to the conservation and com- mon good of the kingdom. Patent Charter, in which are inserted the General Chapters of the three Estates, and the Answers which his Majesty made in the Assembly of the Cortes of Lisbon, the 12th Sept. 1642. I Don John, by the grace of God, King of Portugal and the Algarves, &c.;, make known to those who shall see this charter, that in the Cortes which I have held in this noble and constantly loyal city of Lisbon, with the three estates of my kingdom ; On the 28th day of January, of the year 1641, ge- neral chapters were presented to me by the said three estates, in which they pointed out to me some plans which appeared necessary for the proper administration of the laws, the good government of my subjects, the security, defence, and proper distribution of justice. These chapters have been seen by me, and I have deigned to make the following answers to them :- (See the answers of the king above). The plans contained in these responses, attached to this patent charter, I wish and order, voluntarily of my own knowledge, and full and absolute royal power, to be accomplished, executed, and observed exactly as they are described in their responses, without doubt or diminution, and in confirmation of all con- tained in this patent charter, I have ordered it, signed it, and sealed it with my great seal. The said charter is written in 41 folio pages and a half, signed on each page by Francis de Lunena, my counsellor and Secre- tary of State. Given in the city of Lisbon, on the 12th day of September. John de Pereira de Santa-Major, has drawn it up in the year of our Lord Christ, 1642, and I, Francis de Lunena?, have caused it to be written. THE KING. In conformity to the other chapters of the three estates in the same Cortes, the King has given and ordered to be published the following law, in the form of an Alvara, the 9th day of September, 1642. ALVARA. I, The King, make known to all who shall see my present alvara, that in the Cortes, which I have held in this city of Lisbon, the 28th day of January, of the year 1641, it has been proposed by the Ecclesiastical State, in chapter 1st, and by the nobility in chapter 35, that it would contribute much, both to the public and private welfare of the inhabitants of these realms, that the kings who should succeed to them should swear, before being proclaimed, to all the privileges, liberties, paros), favours, customs, which the king's own pre- decessors have granted and sworn to. They, therefore, have supplicated to me to do them the favour of ordaining that all kings who in future shall succeed to these realms, shall make the same oath in person before being elevated to the throne ; and that in case, at the moment of their succession, they should happen to be at a distance from Lisbon, they shall take the same oath at the place where they may be first proclaimed. To which it has pleased me to answer, on the 12th of April, 1642, that I have acceded to the demand that this custom should be introduced into the kingdom ; that I have sworn to it, and observed it, both in my own name, and in that of the Prince Theodosius, my well-beloved and most esteemed son, when in presence of the same Cortes I was sworn, and solemnly pro- claimed King ; and I wish all my successors should do the same. Therefore I ordain, determine, and prescribe, that every thing contained in this alvara shall be executed and observed, and that the Kings, my successors and descendants, shall do the same, as I expect it of them, with the certainty that by so doing, they shall be blessed with the blessing of God our Lord and Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, the glorious Virgin Mary, the Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, and by the Court of Heaven and my Court ; and the contrary being practised by them, or any of them, against Di- vine permission, they shall be cursed with the male- diction of our Lord, of the Virgin Mary, the Apostles, the Court of heaven, and my Court, so that they cannot increase nor prosper, nor succeed ; and in order that this resolution may be known to all my kingdoms and dominions, and that all my subjects may demand of the Kings, my successors, the oath of the confirmation of these favours and privileges before succeeding to these kingdoms, I ordain this alvara, which I establish as a law made in the Cortes, and I will that it be fully executed in all the clauses which it contains, and enregistered in the Torre do Tomoo, the archives of the kingdom, &c.; &c.; 