THE AUSTRALIAN SYDNEY, FEBRUARY 7, 1S27. A most grievous cause of complaint exists with the merchants here, and at Hobart To\Vn, in regard to the payment of Customs ox ad valorem Duties. Unless the obvious remedy be ' resorted,- to,- this grievance must , contribute most material ly to repress, the .trading-, specu lations',hetween the two Colonies, to tite serious leas of the mercantile body, and to the great inconvenience of the people generally. While an intercourse is kept up between New South Wales and Van Diemen'a Land—- an intercourse unrestrained, either by posi tive enactments, , or an impolitic' use of reasonable laws, the greatest benefit may be derived on all hands, and the interest of the settler 'and the trader alike pronaoted»'-and it certainly does, in no trifling degree concern 'the Authorities' in botlfplaces, to act so as to prevent that intercourse'being1 in any wise res strained, and not to encourage or occasion hindrances which may tend to an intermission of it. It frequently happens, that goods which have' fieen brought to the' Colony in the first instance may meet a better market at Hobart Town, 'and1 vice veYsa 'merchandize un saleable or plentiful nt Van Liemen's Land, may be scarce and very much in request here. ' It is fit there-1 fore, that the' advantages open% to1 the people by 'a mutual adjustment of Supply and. demand- ^throng-h the medium of merchants,, should/not be, destroyed'' cither by illiberal ' policy, or by straining ??the 'Law beyond its original purport.' 'It' is quite clear, that the Legislature, in conferring on- the Governor of this Colony a light to levy duties on the importation of foreign merchandize, either into New South Wales or Van Diemcn's- Land, never intended- that the same merchandize'shouiri 'pay the duty twice, merely, be. cause' it is removed for consumption from one Colony, to the other. Nay, it is expressly provided, that* the Dutxes'imposed*by tTie Governor,' shaft be paid 'or pay' able on the importation of the .goods /'.into, the said Colony,' or any of its dependencies.' ''Yet, though the intention of the Legislature U borne out not only by the reason of the thing, but by express wordsi which serve to shew that the demand can only be in the alternative;' that is to'say; can tinly be made in one Colony,' when it has not -been ?? satisfied- in the other, is the gross imposition practise^ upon our traders, 'of leyyin'g the' duties'in both -places upon the self-same goods ! ♦tBlit, 'tbe;Colony of Van Diemen's Land js. Independent .npw«.-i.ndependent of. this Colony, and therefore, 'it is presumed, that .the, ? Au thorities' of the for/ncr^are 'independent ofTaw. , An alteration in onc.parovisiou of.the Law frequently occasion's confusion ;'and the wisdom even of the Bri tish Legislature cannot at all times encompass at one view all the consequences' of a specific Act. While Van Diemen'a Land continued a Dependency on' this Colony, no., dpubt.could arise even in th« minds of the most Ignorant, that the-'cterharid 1'at'Hobd.rt Town of duties' ori-^rnerchaVitfian ob /which duties had .been levied here* could atjt hematic ' It could not be inadfif under, a niisapprchcnsion ; nor could the datiet J Ieviedva second time without committing an act of n| tortion quite glaring- and-, mitnifest. . But, it is tjj Fndependence which has origtn.ited;1 the questianl and the questionable re-imposition of duty in VjJ Diemen's Land. It is neglect at Head Quarters he'tj it is an omission to remedy ajgrievance.thpt has gjV(] rise to the practice, or allowed the practice' to, prernj ot levying duties on merchandize, on whuh jj^ have already been paid at Hobart Town. We incline very much to think, that fiom the mo merit the Independence of the Sister Colony was d* clnretl, from that moment the operation of 'the (Jo vernor'si Proclamation ini posing duties ceased aa t, Van Dienien's Land. By the letter of the Proclani tion, the duties are ordered to he puid On spirits ail goods, wines and merchandize, on (heir bein* fa ported into this Colonyi or on their being iniportei into, any: of.the Dependencies of tht3 Colony: VatiDfe' men's Land is not a Dependency; and therefore, it oar be contended, that the Governor's Proclamation *ii without force there.., But, suppose this not to be lit 'case, and it 'were under the Proclamation of tie Lieutenant' Governor of Van Diemen's Land tlut the .duties were leviable, (or 'if he have not tt) same power in the. Sister Colony, as the Govcmot of thin Colony- had, in regard' to appointing tlnttei; the Colonial Legislature, might easily remedy its inconvenience, and render the levying of «lutin lawful,') and suppose further, that the exaction of duties twice on1 the ground of being payable en the importation of merchandize into the one Colont without^ reference to what had been done in the otlm were made according', to;. strict law ; is it reasonalilt that such an inequitable and extortionate, systea should be allowed to endure; and arc not the Autho ritics of the*respecliic Colonies, called upon by emy principle of justice nnd fair dealing with each other, and with the merchants and people of- each, to apply a speedy remedy to a grievance wh'ich threatens to cut up and destroy one-hrtlf ofjthcir mercantile transaction foster monopolies, and destroy the faith of the people io the integrity and good principle of their Immediate Ruler's? . ..,.-. We do entertain some expectation that in thia Co lony some effort u ill be made to detcrminean oppmiii\ demand — we do think that a developement of tlii injury 'which is sustained hy the extraordinary in crease of demanding duties twice, will not take phctl in vain ; and that there is rather more desire intlifa Authorities of this Colony to conciliate the people bjj good offices, than a total neglect of the subject 5voal(|| betray; and we do fiirfher (liink, that if remedy U I undertaken, it will be undertaken here/ .We are hoptsl less of our repreacntations,'however forcible, or howe\\-fr! great, having any good effect, or' making any impreiJ sion on the Ruling powers of Van Dienien's Laud j The current of desire runs in an opposite direction; and whether it be fictn perverseness of mind, froraobl stinacy, from want of feeling1,' or front total blindneisj to every thing that is good and beneficial, that nothing good and nothing beneficial pro,ceeds,from the govern men t of that Colony, we' can not divine. ?', Every public act cither' offends or is fiaiigMJ with .wrong to, the people; and every w,iong, letji its existence be represented with mildness or wild I energy, prevails without 'an effort on the part of] the government' to lessen or remove it. In Va» I Diemen's Land — from-that quarter the first movement j towards relievingjthe two 'Colonies from the grievanMl we are complaining of, will not^coramence. ? Of thii we feel fully assured. The government here mustip-l terfet-f!. Claims :for- the drawback of duties which 1 have been 4-aid in this Colo'ny, and paid again oh th \ same goods in Van Diemen's Land/ have been put in ' by the payers of the duties, and put in -'on certificates, shewing ^the , demand, and payment o,f . the* dulieF. Thcse'claims have been rejected. And we doubt much .whether any power at present exists in the Governor to allow of 'drawbacks— drawbacks must be granted on s'pecific-'enactmcnt'and un'der specific 'provisions, ai well as duties demanded. It is a defect which is at1, tributhble; either to the Apt of. Parliament confining] the power' of the^Governor'to that imposing duties, or, to thei ProclainUtion.'' [' ' ? If'to the latter, the Governor, of his own authority, can supply, the dpfect ; if., to, the former, we must ap- 1 peal to our all-powerful. Council, -which can enact any law iiot contrary, ''to* 'the' la'xv-of^Englautl~any lain ivhich is necessary for the welfareHjf the' Colony* And to' the Governor or to the' Governor in Council? WJ look fbr redress for the merchants and the people, in j this, instance; — redress, Which oug-ht' forthwith to' lie j conceded,' unless .it cari«he imagined that it is honest ind just to make people p.iy a clebi due to the stale, j ind pay it twice, though the Legislature only enact*1] that it shall be paid once. ' .^ 'Attentions in such things as these shewn to the Colo ny, might restore the government to the good graces of the colonists; and we pledgc'ourselvesif this gricv'n«M j ~-e redressed, to shew fully to the people of the Colony [he debt of gratitude they-o'we -for the act; a'rid how j iiuch they should thank that government who will | speedily and warmly enter into a consideration df their, interests, and consult those 'interests' in suoJi'an eficc-' :ual manner^ ?'''?: ' ' ' ', We have enjoyed a heaity laugh at the grotesqai rics which are ''interlarded,' about The Australian,'io «« Number thaek/WM C. Wf always ch'iicltle- Ivl the Lilliputian spltisn of our dwarfish opponents', w lip, are constantly toiling' to scramble up the literary lad-. Jer after us, hat who toil in vain,' and -without being able to advance a step ; and we experience nijich the t-ame sort of emotions \vheri ire are covered with tlicir ?.mpoteiit pidise or thoir harmless rep'roaches. BuC «i' hnVe been downiight amused with fhe eonjnrtuiuk ? astonishments and the astonishing conjectures of* the humorous joker in The Chronicle, wln-, in his spoili-e mood has olfered ns'a tilt in a literary tournament. We like this mre fun, and oan exruse'.i ' tutting aar rasra or two,' if it conic, leco'minended to us by its wit.' and *e«iioned with the 'allspice' of gqod humour. For a i ival who would have at usin this'wny, to start' up in the Colony, would be the occasion of pme de light to us, even though he were to covei oiir political tame with the scratches of his arrows us, thickly as the 'fare of n Johnny Xewcome is usually adorned with' jnosqiiito-buinpfc* We ndmiic not your selfish cldwns, who handle a pen like a bear, 'and peclf — peck — peck — out of slieo spite, and because they are' flo mi-' deiingMn the mite and downcast at out- gigantic suc-t ocsB. .Give ua an honrst, upright rival,* and'1 wtf Will hail his approach with sincere satisfaction — find an ?' able edilor' and a. magnanimous dissentient from our^ politica, and we will furnish ♦? the mateiials1^ without lendeiing it necessary for 'a number of the emigrants,' ' to ^vrite' to England for them. Coming in contact with rongenial dispositions, yet opponents in politics, our labours would expand — our mind improve. We i might set to work logically — discuss topics till we ar rived at ' the better reason.' But, as tilings exist, we jnust find food for all — test its digestible properties ourself, and keep continually mnging the field of poltics in quest of novelties and oupplks — nnd all for want of a worthy rival — of ft rival who could argue for truth's sake, and argue \villi common prudence. It would indeed' be pleasant to keep 'up a gnine of literary romps with a sensible disputant — now serious — now frolicksome ? — then argumentative — change the scene — and become gay and lively— alwn^s fencing — sparring — and carrying on mental gym nustics after the true John Bull stvle — (a Bull by Heavens !) — vc mean according to the Emerald Isle taste — Knocking each other down o'ut of pure friendship and brotherly love. Al.is ! when will this beau ideal of a Journalist's happiness be realised in this Colony— we are in total despair of witnessing such things here ; and out of sheer lack of. the entertainment which a decent Colonial peppering would afford, we are forced to fetch the cayenne of critics a distance of sixteen thousand mile*; and, for the sake of varying the monotonous and .never changing scene, to shew how we are!' shewn up!' and quizzed in the. Morning Chronicle. ' Heighorfor a husband' sings out Miss in her teens — and hciglio fora worthy .and sensible helpmate in 'the shape of a ma I, is, the burthen, of the song of the Ed. of The Australian! Only think how inconsistent it was in the Australian, possess ing the character of ' free, bold, and judicious,' according to our M. C. scribe, turning — actually turning — the tide of popular favor upon. Sjt Thomas Bri bane, with true- chivalric spirit, as aocn asjt j,yai known that he was to be the victim of a drying Faction, and that by the sacrifice of him the interests of the peo pie were to receive a mortal wound I Only think how The Aus tralian bartered his independence by protecting the honor and the fame of a man who was retiring for ever from the Colony, and who neither did nor, could give a bribe, save honest thanks for our shield and our protection ; but how overwhelmingly astonish ing it must have been to'' ' the unsophisticated souls' with ' uncombed sconces;' „ to. witness our ' exquisite consistency'* which eclipsed the wondrous ' miracles of Prince Ilohenloe,'and which yet only resembles the consistency of our critic, who praises our general conduct, but distinguishes parhculur faults' How unaccountably marvellous must it have been thought in us -whose success had been so great as to ' excite a more cautious and Jiberkl course of conduct on the part of the executive,' to commend his retiring Excellency for following oiir advice and adopting our, recommendations, and doing all this too with so much, good sense and liberality of mind, that he never met us without giving us a cordial ahaEnfg of the hand — almost thus acknowledging the good we did, by telling him of the faults of his 1 administration and warning him from new ones ! But most extra ordinary of allmust it have appeared, that we in our noble daring, when mounted on high on our Pegasus, should have told Sir Tlios. Brisbane — according to custom — the truth ; — should have c6m. plimentcd him when the balance sheet \vas .drawn up on his merits far exceeding his faults as' a'Govcrnor ; and,. that thought according to the fate of mankind, ' the evil that'men does lives after them,' and ?' the good dies with them' — the good of his administration should live in the recollection of , the people of New South Wales — while the evils of his reign should rest in oblivion. It is but the fate which we ourself sljould experience, were the asireer of The Australian to terminate. e Who is there indeed tint would not acknowledge' the blessings which our humble labours' have produced to the Colony? If we 'have even a personal foe, and in our conscience we believe there is not such a living thing on. the face of the earth, he would chime in with the popular orisons for our happiness, and- offer up his thanksgivings with the rest for'our/ abilities', such as they are, liaung been employed in the cause of the people. A'nd we .have been censured. Wp have committed our faults, t like nil snhlun&ry; beings who cntinot reach perfection. But those who bate blamed us moat, would stdl be lavish of commendation.' Sir Thomas Brisbane was dismissed by the machinations of a Faction, * and ,by means of the false reports of his enemies. It was -the Emu Plains business which converted his government into a' wreck, though he had no more participation in the arrangements (and^Wje shad e\er nuinlain that these were most judicjmis/wel] intended, nnd happy in the resulp respecting the women serrt'to that Establishment,' than we who were not in the Colony had. But dismissal was not chough for the tigers who were ready^td tear him to pieces, because' he did not-surrender himself into jtheir keeping, and become their^foot-stool and their devoted creature. They must have him dismissed and degraded — they .niust have him dishonored as well as dismissed ; and every body Oust be' made acquainted with the contemplated change before yhe himself wao-lo be apprised of it. Why, we knew of the arts which were practised to get him out of ofpee — we knew loo 01 the candidate uho wns'solicitous to beenrne his successor. Tid ings of these things readied uv in October 1824 ; and we havc the letter of tfUt Correspondent rtowinour possession, who de tailed them to Hit in July 1824, and sent his communication by U-«' Mangles ! WcrdUregardcd, tueae intimations — we treated tben^ as flying ramonrs--i\iUiout a tangible foundation. 'The month of April however arrived, and wc\ alone, save the plotters of une ?clleme, Md'a full cottobnritrtin 6{ ihti .s'tepS jUncl* hid been dtf iiniiijned on in Downing street. Our s^ippafliies ««y--* awakened1' — ..IVtigve. oi) impulse to-the public; itmnd — iwecarrifcd fhepepp!e «!/-»-» \ti'h us— autl Hie people, wlhn 'ih£ 'aiM-lotr of fhe Fnc. tj--n was MyeJJed at Sir Thun-w, &teppcd;/f.ir»ard — Ijie blow fell, hut it fell pn tha dundly nsst'iKnM ; au«l the .KaolioM Mew stnnnTl. Go-;d God,, how incoii«istant was all this* in '* Tli Auslr.iJi*n'' nnd fs the rroVLp'J 'As incnrmflont is wijlnio sfnce'becn lnconifneiidinp the gnniif jjolicy of General D.irling- arid censuring llie eqMUoc.il' and the bad policy of Us govern-* ment — in fearksslj- pmsing and feailujsjy derfouncing what de served to bo praised, and what deserved to be rlrn^unt 'd, instcarl of 'eternally Mtriuging laudaliuns t^gclliui, oi wckJwsly bln'.ninu cyery ihingj But we presumed u^nre vto umJerstniji! that the BsSE-*CE Ofr INnt-PF.-I)BNCB IS INPON'siM'fcNC^ ' ' NL'MBiER inner' opens with clappu^ cf himU and plaudits inrfarorr of General Darling. IK, - w ihought, jind as tne writer thinks — ' signalised .the short period ol his rult with the most ainpolous hup.es for the fulurt:' ; ' Mark qlr word V! [ .* ..^'.. ' „,' ' Jm , Kre4liiitcen moons have described iheit orbits — his Excellency will be-no favorite with 'Number' three' — secand SLries, ' you'll change ypur\iotet to-moi row '' Would to 'jSod thfit (JcnertI l?arJing.v\oul*i;inalte himspjf popiil »r } AV,e ljnve lliij. '.raciipn'- at *)KF feet. c They vore warming into; life qud flftion like the torpid -snafc-e1, which *f|unlbers the winter through nrits^iolo, ot the bcgititiing of his rule. tie w*as witliin reach or their sting. Tiie''f^oUun^ljadvColleclt-d.again m thru /fellow fnngb ,' but General Palling had the credit- of givirrg tllt'ih. their quictu*. The last blo\v he struck, and this 'alone would have sufficed to bjfjfl him to the affprtions of the people. - 'Vfhy does he fritter aj^ay his popuJanty ? and nhy dors he not f.ivor us will) fn taste of- agr'ecable'itnd sound policy, dtluied with a dash or two o1' urbanity ? 'There are advisers wit Inn his reach— -men of educa tion — of talent— rof character and goad meaning — seek for their advice — their disinterested council; and/'our hopes — the hopes of the pebple would revive. The people of this Colony are not in satiable in their desires.; they arc soon and on eisj terms ren dered contented. One popular action of General Darling would go for towards stemiiiing the torrent of dissatisfaction which pre vails , andb.iit little qonriliatio'nJs.wdntQd to turn thuttidc com pletely in his favor. -Forgivingneis ind lojalty are the charac teristics of the people'of this Colony ;' and we do honestly believe, that they are the most' easily managed people in the universe. ' They hate stiffness; they hatt those uho hn\e a con tempt for popular opinions. They, feel themselves in possession of the powers of reflection — ;tliey,fcel, that their collected senti ments-— sentiments built* upon individual experience, must be sound sentiments, and 'as superior to the fancies of those who can onlyjudgc by a combination of thoughts, as practical .wis dom is to speculative knowledge.' The people; here haie au ad vantage over Gener.nl ^arluig. *They,^tnQvr what is best'to be done. He' can only think and surmise;'.. '.They Htc and have' lived IV the Colony; they are fully r aw are of the things 'which will contribute -to their and to the universal interest. He lives in a' nook — thinks and^acts upon second, Third, and fourth hand information, just as the collectors of information may have suc ceeded in pfeking up broken and disjointed fragments of opinions from thoie- who think for themselves, or retail the opinions of others. He therefore must be ahv»3 s astray.-r^ie murft always be at sta without the jnecesjiary implements oft steerage' j ahdf if he despise public opinion, he will ship seas 'i£e-a, sand-basket,, and al'last founder in deep water I general Darling Ins been 6n the pinnacle of popular favor — he is now at .the basement The^cgmn^Qn. tide with .i^hiclv. all .men'** stfairs-aromore or less laved; -- would wash Him up a little'; and a little exertion on his part, wp are confident would suffice, ii' ncit to' regain tlic proud eminence which he has lo t, to place Sidi'at Kent's I on the brow of theJiill.- General Darlipg-has good sense ; let him e'm'ploy it cordially and kindly in the cause, of t,be people,' a'nd he will soon be adored by triose who* most dislike him. '? The asper -tiea'bf (the military) character arc frequently polisiic'il down in a year or two,' says' Nurnb'er three ;'? aind'wti lio'pie tliat the rub* which we1 have given will not only accelerate the finish of the polish, but make it muck brighter, so that when the people look on their Governor^ Ihejr.may *' see (themselves) reflected there .'' v We shall here leave'' Number three,' only adding, as usual, the leading , article of the Chronicle, Which ushered ''the 'ar- ticle*' into the notice of his Readers: — ? '? ', , ' '* ' *' We insert a third^communication, on the subject of New South Wales.' ' * — ? '' , -' *' ' Our correspondent spe ika in high terms of Ralph^Darli ing,* the new Governor, who has done enough already (he says,) to entitle him to thi* gratitude of the Colonist}. As ihc system pursued by him seemt, in every respect, the opposite of rii'at pursued by his predecessor, the praise of one involves a high censure of the otHnr.*' N - ' ' .__ ',' O»' leaders cannot fail to be highly. gratified by the cheer ing accnuut given by our correbpandent^of the aatomslii'ng pro gress of the -Jolony. About six years ago, a vessel sails once a year; now a vessel bails once a month from the port of Sydney alone for England. Many of the vessels so employed arcjof large' burthen. * There is a regular trade with China and the Isle of France, and a number of small vessels are engaged in the South Sea trade, and in sealing, waling, Sic' The internal and coasting trade' is equally flourishing. Three small vessels are constantly occupied in the trade between Sydney and New castle , one of them, a cotter, affording excellent cabin accom modation, sails as a weekly packet. A., packet schooner, which meets with constant freight, has commenced running between ' Syd»ey and HobaxtTown, in Van Diemen's Land. ' Here, too, the benefit of free trade has been signally ex perienced ; for, according to our correspondent, the Report of 'the Commissioners, 'which led to' the removal of the restrictions, laid the foundation of the existing agricultural and commercial prosperity. It is but justice to Major Goiilbnrn, whom we have frequently been under the necessity of attacking, to notice, ?that our correspondent attache* much importance to his firm ness, in carrying through the measure of disposing of Govern ment bills, by competition, which forced the merchants to exert themselves to find other means of repaying their importation's., i, ' Our correspondent adverts to another subject, calculateditn' afford -much gratification to all thinking minds, Tha spread of religious instruction among the natives of the South Sea^lslnnds has been accompanied by corresponding improvements in in dustry'. Variout. commoditus have been cultivated for export tation by the natives, who evince a strong disposition to r profit ,by the advantages of their situation. Sugar is made in severar of the Islands, for home consumption, by means of wooden sugar-mills manufactured by a ztaious Missionary. It is great Iji to be~regrecled, that the industry of these Islanders has received a check, by the imposition of high duties at Sydney. ? What arc the., paltry receipts from -duties1 on tobacco, when pnt.tjn competition with the civilization of an interesting race of men?' The. current rumour in Ilobart Vnwn now is, t hatpin consequence of the favourable representations made jby General Darling of the g ivernment of V^n Diemen'a Land; the Lieutenant-governor of that Colony retains, for the present, his post. An alteration was about to he made— a successor mas a' most appointed, when theletter of Ge neral Darling arrived, just in tirne 'o save the nwful crisis. We think we may safety assume this report to be' correct, in the main.' 'It corresponds es.ictly with 'what ne hea(-f e.l the time General Darling urrueri among us, ai^d walr his sentiments as to the uittnugemeut of ^public affairs In the sister Colony. On wti&t;, v.e are bnifnd to ask then/ did General D.uling f«.^ind h'\s opimuiiSr^udie^tablisb lua criterion of the competency of Colonel Arthur ^to^iiU-AJie office of Lu;'utena«i-go*t:rnqr» nnd oftjie policy- of hit, measures?- D'd- IVe -decide ^because'.he s^t,*; »lio people1 contented*? No *? Be.c^UM; tLe public fame o£ Colonel Arthur w^ *u'^»ea' i*(-etn - -.^« ' u-cv^p Co o i-l \\_i tbnt wui populn''- f \ No J 'fiscally trjf* U' t«uiy was » n rlOurishipij ctrnriition'-i-farmera prot-jc'ed frn n u.ir 'ti ikJ ijufch-ianiert — inerch«nts from grievous mi ?.-&\-- ts ''i'J -il' re^ulntjnn, tr'urh could hariHSii tlttun ? Kh ! Bt- cwubi* the ' iiitc'jt'its of nidu'iviti.ils — ot daises — of bodies oi mm -mte UHi'tl^T-considtTutely — and successfully, siudit'd ? Mu! Becaii'ij' rhere vrer - m- compl.unti, anJ no c.tu'e& of cum plainrs? No! D,d he .ulopt his creed from li't? ce.itj.TS — die trafit-ri — rlit msrcliantb — the fuirneib — the gir^rn i ^ — the landiinlrier1 — the ship-»w icr ? *he. mh-ibitants ? 2io ' Did he hold communion with nn\ uliovt.c fully c.ip »b!-^ i-t ntTnrJin'j; him an insij;lit ir.tfl tho tft'urs ol tlinr ab.isci! Cojony ' No! JC:d lie exelmng*1 «?'-' woid -win any jteiaon v|jo cou'd, and tvho would, j;ivo hi.n iadi*pi:iub!e cv.Jeiicc if a» use, if they pit-viilefl — oi griev-»nces-, n they c\isti-d ? iNTu ! 'Frmii wliomthcnriiii he collect the 1rn:iVeri»U of his et'er to Dowmng-s'ieet ? Of wl)»m iid be iimUu Ins m .-[fiirje.fi wneii lie at-tfd die part n cnbjd to him al Cum ? uiasiguer or Inquiry ?' From nn J or the veiy ptvs -n most iiilerescfd in not in slcading luiji? Gli ! no! jio ! lit , '?ommmieil with none, as we yre l ifuriueil, but witu trim %v|io lud a dirtrt inrerest n *«o describim; thtnu;*, thiit 'iauniiioii should not drop from bis gras,-, and rlmt the-;o- verniueht .:of. Van Piemen's Lun'tl' should not be alienated fioin I'bthen nnrl present posiessoi. General D.ulni;; mis it Van Dieinsu'a Land but for a few d.iya. lit1 rem.jine tl in jenrorneDt wiih the Lieutenant^ Governor during the O*hole of the time. Me heard Lnv Ltfiiteuani-GovcrroiS exctuvvb Instory nf all things. He leceivcd his b.t»b rro ti Inn. Ht-- m:nd bic»une insensiblyjiioulu-d to the \ lews of die Ocutenant-Govcrnor. , The~rens-ons and trie fJec-iJ» huMig ex parie, mucfean undivided impression; a d can ir tlieu be said, thai Ins Excellency General Darling could give nn enlightened or a just'descriptionofthe'.Co lwiy or nf the afluiinistratiun of Vaii Diemen's Land ? A mutueiit's leliecrion mi|-lit have convinced --'5enerrtl D.irling that he oniilit jubtiy to suspect' his own ability to afford, n ray of light to tlie'llome Department, or satisfy Lord Ba thurst of the eligibility of a change, oir'the policy of return ing the Lieutenant-Governor in orhce. This great maxim' -should never be departed from. When people .can't live, happily: together,- let' them separate. Many have volun tarily separated' themseives from Van Diemen'sLand— frotn the consequences of living under a government they did not relish.. ? But it beini- notorious thnt 'guveruinciit and tlnj peo/jJc of the Sister Colony did not na,ree, a s-rif-aiafion became obviously the only remedy; and for thU very iec soii; the reconimendntion' ? Home ' ''sliouM Save' 'been to sever the Lieutei^tiit-Governor from the peojile. J fhe could 'make out a case to prove himself blayielcs, or to prove that (lie people would not stgiee mth him, nuiwiiiistamiiug his many and sincere efforts at conciliation — he mi»hr have entitled himself to some other birth; but this could have been no cause of regret at his being taken from those with whom 'he.fAJled.il- make himself popular. If it he true that General Darling was the means nf pro longing the. administration of 'Colonel Arthur, we lament the mistake he marie; we lament the interference; and we-plcy the Colonists of Van Diemen's Land, that the visit among them of General Darling, had no' better conse quence ! ' The Soldiers Barracks in Sydney have recently received a new coat. The exterior has been bnished over with paint and colours. When shall we $ee tl'e spot of ground on which they stand, and which is atritchod- t- them, con vcrted'to the advantage of the public? The scite they oc cupy is the finest in Sydney ; and the existing npproprirt tion of the ground is, and will continue to prove, the greatest draw b.tck to the improvement of the t«wn. In dependent of appearances, real utility fs interfered with. If theiantl were put up for sale, and allotments distribute ri, among purchasers— if the sale were judged pieferahle to quaking free leasts and grants, vte should soon' pee fine an t useful houst-s erected, streets, farmed, and kb |-s, «a-e houses and dwellings occupying* the place of useltss l.»r r.icks — useless ao far as tins, that the Military hnght be :»c cointnndated iii^norher part'ot'the town, or ra'dier a little out of the town, m an iqually comfmtable wiy to lin-.ij selves., and at a much leas expense— foi tlfe' expense of kecpiiit; poisssiiun nf v,ilu,-b)e ground, wnuid be spared We don't indeed see, that extensive b.irracki are wanted in Sydney. The soldiers would be rendered much ni'ire ser viceable by being distributed over the Colony, mstetdiot being congregated at Head- quarters, and kept without oc cupation. It ouly teuche* them mddlenl habitb ; audit would be quite' as congenial to their wishes (though the wishes of a soldier, of course,- seldom enter into contem plation) to be engaged usefully tothecominuiii-y. As a slip slop remedy for the inefficiency of the govern ment of Van Diemen's Land, there- is i-- contemplation there, the project of compelling people to provide Ihetn sefW es » tfh passports, to euable xhem to exercise t'n?ir m tural right of walking about or leaving tht-ir ctoinic.le* For want of energy and exertion in the governme it, the people must 'ubintt to every possible lnconrcmence, nnd hr abridged, of their own liberty, because lid mve'itinii can bv- hit upon for keeping thieves and depredators under. 1 he Inhabitants must Imt« a passport to walk across the street, because fhe'governmeni are uiinble to restrain the'excesses of the plundering glints, who are allowed lo infest tin- tunn and the Colon}. This speaks tot itself. It jS a very good proof of the riTNEss of tlm government ! The Superintendent of Police will not 'be sufficiently convalescent to resume his public duties/ 'tilT the first'of next month. - . - ' ' 'Sunday last, 4'h Febiuary, was perhaps the hottest da}, ever known in New South Wales. A Molent hot wind blew all day from the north-we&t;,' which' resembled the heated air fiom a furnnce or oven. ^ - 1 , A Correspondent, who kept an account of the irmce of the thermometer during the day,1 states it as follows : ? At two o'clock p.' it. in the cellar, 75o— in the sitting-' room, 87p — in the open air, bhade, 101 o — in the sun, 13 ]o Between stven and eight o'clock in the evening, iho usual squall .irrivc-d from the south, hnti the ranfied and exhaus ted atmosphere was inbtantly relieved. * The glass became staiionary at 78o. ' ? t A fire, which' at one time threatened to prove a de&truc; tivevone, -broke out ontlie- premies of a baker in the Brickfields, on Monday 'morning last. It appears^that the bjiker had incautiously placed sonic diy wood n en r the i* mouth of the oven,' which caught fire1, th-? flames com municated to an adjoining building, the roof ot which was partly destroyed belore an effectual check could be given to'nhy further' prngrebs of the flutnTs. Luckily, there w.is tt^pleutiful supply of water tit hand, else the neighbouring premises of Mr. Robert Cooper must have fallen ft sacrifice hPJ-hc devouring element. , '? , 3V«j regret to leaim,the loss 6f a rive Island boat a few rlays ago, the property or' Mr. Brown, of Liverpool. The boat contained pi o visions, and in her were a bi other of Mrs.. Brown, and a government servant. The former was arv Australian, and leaves an aged father, who has been in (he Colony thirty -five years. «A' waterman's tioflr., containing a party of persons bent ona day's aquatic excursion, had well nigh perished on Sunday evening' last. A squall 'suddenly came on, and thjre heing.a preas of sail on the boat, it went down; for Lilnately the disaster was witnessed by some persons who were standing about the MarLet-whurf, and (mats were Jispatche-d to rescue the individuals who wero .ilie-idy im nerged in a w«uery gulph. * A few days sihee, at noon, a thief had the aiidicity to.wr.Ik nto thebmise'ofa Mr, line, in Phillip-street, and ptit«o shun. iblf bt v-u hat articles he chose, nnd then walked deliberately iway-'r A person wlut was left in clmrgo of the houa»J, had it-«M- ^d^Ut'to another house, leaving the stroetdoor open. , ' ^HrV'*NBwa.XArrived on Sunday, last, the cutler 'Fanny, ram tlbpnct Town, lading with wheat. ' __«v.h, ', At Botany Bay, on Friday evening last, from Port Dal- rymple, the Colonial cutter Speedwell, Captain James. ' Lad* ing, wheat' and wool— consigned to Mr. Simeon Lord. Pas-' scnger, Mr. Peter Broadfoot.— 'I'he barque Leda had arrived at Port Dalrymple, when the Speedwell left. EXECUTION.—Monday morning George Worrell who was convicted on Friday last of the wilful murder of Frederick Fisher, a settler living at Campbell Town, underwent the awful sentence pronounced upon him, in the pursuance of his conviction. The culprit, during his trial, appeared wholly indifferent as to its issue, and that sameness of demeanour was observable upon the retirement of the Jury. Crimi- nals in his situation are generally remarked to betray some emotion of alarm upon the return of the Jury, but this was not the case with this unfortunate man. As the Jury re-en- tered their box, after having retired for consideration, pre- pared to give the fatal verdict, the prisoner stood boldly forth, and without betraying the slightest visible change of countenance, heard the fatal verdict of guilty recorded. His demeanour was afterwards precisely the same, but savoured of sourness, which precluded the so- ciety of those who were desirous of conversing with him — As the awful hour which was fixed for his final dissolute drew on, he expressed a strong desire to be visited by a Protestant Clergyman. The Rev. W. Cowper promptly attended to the request, and administered to him spiritual consolation. The Rev. Minister was unremitting in his exertions to bring the culprit to a proper sense of his awful condition. The criminal, aroused to a sense of religious duty, communicated to his Clergyman that what he had stated to the Magistrates upon his examination, was wholly false, and confessed he alone was the murderer. It will be recollected by our readers that the prisoner attempted to relieve himself from the imputation of murdering the de- ceased Fisher, by stating that two persons were guilty of the murder, and that he was present, though not an active agent in the business. In accounting for his motive in per petrating the awful deed, he said, that he and Fisher (the deceased) left the house together, with an intention to go into the township to enjoy the evening. They were per- fectly good friends and had been so for some time before— that having walked together a distance of about 40 rods from the house, he observed some stray horses among the wheat crop, one of which was within a short distance of him, when he laid hold of a rail, which lay on the ground, and thereupon aimed a blow at the horse ; it struck his com- panion Fisher. The latter, by the force of the blow, fell to the ground. The night was dark, but he quickly discovered his mistake, and in raising Fisher up, found that he was in an almost lifeless state. Fearful of communicating the circumstance to any one, he watched by the insensible man for some time, when finding life was extinct, he raised him on his back, and in that position carried the deceased to a distance of about fifty yards. For that night he left the mangled victim among some rushes, which grew on a marshy spot of ground, and which was strongly impreg- nated with alum. Having done this, he returned to his home. There was a jovial company of hard working la- bourers, who had met to spend the evening—but he es- caped to rest. "Ah," said the wretched man, "the even- ing before this fatal occurrence I was happy ; I could boast of being a free man; I had my two or three servants at command, and my orders were obeyed; I was possessed of property ; I had a relative who was dear to me, but now how can I dare to meet the face of an honest man to- morow." The man died penitent, but let the confession of his guilt to be made known by a person who sat up with him the previo- us evening. A few moments only sufficed for his dissolutions. 