TO TUF. EDITOR OF THE SYD SUV GAZETTE. Sir, Í Observe by the last Australian, and this day'« Mo- nitor, that a Public Meeting- ia called at my bouse, on the a 1st of this month, by some gentleman, I know nut wbo ;-.1 must beg to say that it is impossible it can take place here : on that day I shall have no house to call my own-I ought tu have left this day, but being anxious to provide a dinner on the 27th, St. John's) Day, for the Australian Suci.il Lodge, I made arrangements with Sir John Jamison fur that purpose, to remain, but fruin that night, the'27th hist my house must be shut up to enable mc to remove my stick's to Mr. S. Lord's in Macquarin Place, which 1 have promised to enter on the 1st of January, and what is more, promis d the public to have it ready tor their reception ou ¡.Uc (Hil of January, which is uo 'trille to attend to. I am your o'iedifnt Servant, W. CUMMINGS. I I Sydney Hotel, Dee, 2», 1827. . CaTJIO-LIc Schism.-Acuri -ttti.rase carne lately before the' Correctional Tribunal of Aleut,on. The d« fendants, three young m«-n, two weavers and .a baker, were accused of having disturbed and iuteirupted the. cere- monies of the Stute r.ligion, by disottl r» committed outside of the chuich. Ti ey a-'e peaceable and mpectnble persons in their situation of life, who hu ve a looted tile relgious ideas of a person named Fleurie!, a zealous propag..ter of the schism which linn arisen in the Catholic Church si.ice the conclusion of the Concordat of the year IX. of the Republic, and of which forms a sys- tem vulgarly called the Petite Eglise. Fluriel is described as a man of ardent imagination and some talent, who, by the influence of his eloquence, is capable of giving a fanatical tendency to the minds of persons of inferior understanding. He has a fine countenance, which a black beard, reaching to the middle of his breast, renders more expressive. He calls himself " the forerunner of Jesus Christ," and ''the Eli foretold in the Apocalypse." His proselytes prostrate themselves at his feet. He teaches them that the reign of Satan has not ceased since the time of Napoleon, and forbids their paying taxes, or joining the army, when drawn by the conscription, but more par ticularly he prohibits the acknowledgement of the authority of the Pope and the exist- ing priests, whom he calls apostates and ministers of the Demon. He has been for some time shut up in a mad-house. On the l7th of Jan', the three defendants refustd to pay respect to the procession of the Cor pus Christi. When desired to take of their hats, they replied that they were "of the religion of Jesus Christ, and not of the re- ligion of Satan.' Their conduct occasion- ed some confusion, and the priests who car- ried the Host was obliged to stop for awhile. Finding, however, that it was intended to arrest them, the defendants withdrew to a public-house. These were the facts stated against them, and which were proved. A barrister offered to defend them, but they disclaimed his assistance, and avowed the opinions with which they were charged. The baker, whose name is Bernard, and whose fanaticism was the most marked, quoted St. Paul, and read a paper written by Fleuriel, which he afterwards handed to the President assuring him that it came from the Holy Ghost. Notwithstanding their refusal of legal assistance, the barrister, whose servicies thev h id rejected, ¡fot up and said a few words for them. He observed, that their religious mania had deprived them of the right use of reason ; and argued, that as the law established religious liberty, they were not bound to uncover to the Host. This defence, however, was not admitted by the Court, which, however, inflicted the lowest penalty the law allows-viz. each to pay a fine of 16 francs, to be imprisoned six days, and to piiv the expences of fe proceeding s. The Stuaiit Mr ni atures.-Tue well known set of opgintl miniatures, portraits of the Stuart Family, were lately brought undtr Mr. Cbris.i 's hammer, and purchased by the. Rev. Mr. Bait, at jt?147. These pjr traits (ten in number) formerly belonged to J nues II. who took them to St. G rmain's, on leaving this country, and bequeathed them, with oilier valuables, to Louis the XIV. They iv.ru subsequently preserved in the Royal Cabinet at Versailles, until the Freuen revolution; and were more recently the property of the late J. Ed- wards, Esq. of Pa'l M II, who, it is un- derstood, g.ive 30D1. for them. They con- sist of the foil iwin? portraits ;-Queen Elizabeth, in water colouts, by Isaac Oliver, and Mary Queen of Scots, by the same ar- tist. Elizabeth wears a black rase, with a gold bow at her side, which was h ;r m de of carrying the Earl of Liecester's picture ; a >d Mary has a jet necklace, which gives 1er anagram; also another necklace of the crown and thorns, entwisted,to which is ap- pended an ivory crucifix, her favourite or- nament ; these are scarcely to b« seen with- out a magnifying glass. Charit s I. when in the suit of si ver armour to th s day shewn us having been his, in ihe Tower of Loudon; and Henry, Prince of Wales, in st^el ar- mour, inl id with gold - both by Isaac Olivir; He .ry, Prime af Wales, at a more advanced age, by P. Oliver; Henrietta, f.'iii'th daiiijliti r of Ch.il-s I. married in I661, to Phillip, Duke of Orleans, «nK brotliei to Louis XIV. by S r N. Hillyard ; Elizabeth, daughter of James J. Qmen of Bihemia; and Loi.is Phillip, broiler to Frederick, Electt.r Pala ine, King of Bo- hemia; both by P. Oliver-the la:tar is considered the finest miniature ever painted by the ai'ti.st; Ar.ib'Uu Stuart, 111 tie dress ami dishevelled hair she wore wl en co finmi in the Tower by her cousin, Jaun s I. b\ P. Oliver; Charles li. by Petiiot; J.mes I, and James II. by Sir N. Hillyard-th. bitter an enamel, presented to the late Mr. Eduards by Mr. Byers, who signified th .t he bad received it from C. rdinal d'York on h's dath-bed. These two Portraits, it i« understood, were obtained by Mr. Edwards in this countrr. 