DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Two nouvelle visitors were introduced into the Police office on Tuesday, in the likeness and bearing the form of a brace of quadrupeds, to wit, a bay mare and a chesnut filley. The said strangers were placed at the bar, not as culprits indeed, but as the living witnesses of crime. A native youth named Reynolds, stood charged with having stolen them or one of them, from one Power, better known as " Old Mike Power, of Wilber- force," under the following circumstances. Power is a settler, and was in the habit of depasturing his stock, among the rest, the four-footed animals in question, which he had himself bred; and subsequently disposed of the mare to his "next neighbour, Tom Maloney," reserving the filley to himself; they however ran in con- tiguous paddocks, and safely, until Saturday night, when the loud barking of the dogs alarmed "Tom Ma- loney," and he quickly found the pair of brutes had be come " scarce." He gave immediate information to his friend Mike, and each started in pursuit, taking opposite directions, the former towards Com-le roy, and the lat ter towards Sydney. He that took the Sydney road, soon heard tidings of the lost property from Gough, the toll-gate keeper, on the Windsor-road; who in formed him, that two beasts of the description given, had been ridden there by two men, who stopped at his house, and then pursued their journey. Power and Gough, therefore, hastened to Sydney, and when be tween it and Parramatta, they were met by the prisoner Reynolds, returning from town, who wars immediately recognized by Gough as one of the men. They stopped him, and held a parley, which ended in his confession of having disposed of the mare, and subsequently to the recovery of the filley. He was committed, for trial. SIGNALS now adopted at the Port of Newcastle, in addition to the Telegraphic Numbers used at Sydney, and Published in the New South Wales Almanack, 1827. To designate Vessels approaching. FLAGS FOR STRANGERS. No. 1 A Blue Ensign—A Man-of-war. 2 A yellow Flag—A Ship. 3 A Yellow Flag, with a Red St. George's Cross-- A Brig. 4 A Yellow Flag, with a.Blue St. Andrew,'s Cross—A Schooner. 5 A Yellow and Blue (perpendicular) Flag—A Cutter Pendants for Colonial Vessels. 6 A Blue Pendant, with an Union—A Govt. Vessel. 7 A Yellow Pendant—A Ship. 8 A Pendant, Yellow, Red, Yellow—A Brig. 9 A Pendant, Blue, Yellow, Blue—A Schooner. 10 A Pendant, Yellow and Blue—A Cutter. Signals to Vessels in the Offing. 11 A Blue Flag, pierced with a Yellow Square—Stand off to sea, it is not safe to approach the harbour. 12 A Yellow Flag, pierced with a Blue Square—Stand in for the harbour, you may approach with safety. 13 A White Flag, pierced with a Red Square—Lay-to for a boat. 14 A Red Flag, pierced with a Blue Square—The Pilot Boat has left the wharf. General Signals. 15 A Red Flag—The Pilot is on board the vessel com ing in. 16 A Union Jack—For Sundays and Holydays. Newcastle, June 10th, 1827. A person has put to us the following quere. " Why " did General Darling, feel such delicacy in making a " law to establish a post throughout the "Colony, (so " very earnestly desired by -the Colonists,) as to have " thought it necessary to transmit a project thereof first " of all to Downing Street, thereby putting the Colo " nists to such great loss and inconvenience.;— " when in regard to trammelling the press, his Excel " lency evinced such haste, as that out of three severe " laws passed thereon, one should be found illegal, and " require to be abrogated almost as soon as it was pro " mulgated ?" A NEW and complete code of Signals, are, we understand, arranging for the purpose of communication between Ships, &c.; in the offing, and entering, or leaving the harbour, and the telegraph and signal posts at South Head and Sydney. They will not however be adopted before the 1st of January, 1828. THE Case of Shaw, the barrack constable, committed for trial some time ago on a charge of being concerned in the fabrication of fraudulent returns, for the issuing from the Government stores of Slop Clothing, has undergone farther investigation, when it appeared to come more particularly within the cognizance of the magistrates, who accordingly added two years to his original term of transportation. WE noticed a week or two ago, that Mr. Earl with a broken leg, and Mr. —in the same condition as to an arm, were both thrown out of a gig and not injured either in wind or limb, although Mr. E. made a com- plete Somerset over the Horse's head, falling, as luck would have it, on that quarter of the human frame, most suitable to escape dislocation or fracture of bone. In this accident, some blame was attached to the Sur- veyor who takes charge of our Roads, But in another accident which occurred on Friday last in George-street Sydney, we think the Engineer is positively liable to an action for damages. Mr. —, and another gentleman were returning in a gig from the country about 7 o'clock in the evening, the moon being in its last stage, and the night cloudy and dark. The new layer of iron-stone prepared a la M'Adam, by being broken into sublets, were laid some eighteen inches thick in George Street, opposite to Sir John Jamieson's. The horse, not per- ceiving the sudden rise or shelf of stones which termi- nated the layer made in the course of the day, stumbled against it and fell. The shock occasioned the vaulting into the air of Mr. —and his friend. The former did not break his arm afresh, but it was damaged at the broken part so severely- that Mr. — has been obliged to keep his bed ever since, and has suffered the most excruciating torture from the bruise and swelling his broken arm received. His friend who drove, expe- rienced only a slight dislocation of the neck. A CORRESPONDENT says. " The Catarrh, it would seem, takes a rotatory direction, and after having vi- sited us, goes to see our neighbours, to whom having paid its devoirs, again it returns, and with obtruding im- pudence takes an unbidden post in our houses. Thus it has been of late with this very unwelcome, visitant: a fortnight back we were convalescent, and had begun mutually to congratulate ourselves upon having passed a the ordeal so safely; when lo! an account is brought of the death of'an intimate acquaintance in an adjacent village, from the effects of influenza, and our surprize has scarcely subsided, when the very same complaint snatches away our next- door neighbour, who had been pronounced out of danger three weeks:ago. Three persons have lately died in this neighbourhood, of re- lapses—viz. Mrs. Cyrus Doyle of Portland Head, a young man named Tomson, (not the Australian Bard) at Richmond, whither he had been conveyed for the benefit of medical assistance, from his residence on the South Creek; and a young girl in Windsor; and every symptom of a general relapse is being evinced among the inhabitants of these Districts. Considerable anx ety has arisen lest the complanint should become peri- odical, and that each revolving winter should, with its Westerly winds, bring also the dreaded Catarrh. It is a fact much to be lamented, that at Windsor there is no medical practitioner, except the Asst. Surgeon upon the Colonial Medical Staff. Dr. Ross, who for- merly practised here has lately discontinued, in order to devote his attention more particularly to his farming pursuits." The Sleep Walker.— Rather a ludicrous circumstance occurred recently not many miles from Sydney. For the space of some weeks a panic had been pro- gressively spreading through the family. Noises were heard at the very "witching time of night"—doors opened and closed—light, gliding footsteps frequently echoed on the stairs. It could not be from robbers, for gentlemen of that profession seldom departed empty handed. Could it be a ghost ? The notion was rather obsolete. The house was not old enough for a disembo- died spirit to lay a legitimate claim to such an occupation. No love-lorn maid-of- all-work had, within the memory of man, hanged herself, in her gaters on the premises; nor had any portly butler, rivalled Werter in the fatal excesses of sensibility. Still the belief made way in the family. Jenny, the house-maid, who, slept in the front attic, and James, the footman, who was placed (at a prudent cautious distance from the maids) on the ground-floor, were the first to adopt this creed. They soon converted Caroline, the nursery-maid, who im pressed it as an article of faith, on the minds of little Master Phillip and Miss Emmalina. Mama heard their infantile tales, till they made her half a believer—in short there was no determined sceptic in the whole house, but the gentleman to whom it belonged. He re- mained an infidel. Communicating his intentions to none but his lady, (though we will not aver, but she might have dropt a hint of the secret to Betty or James) he two nights successively sat watching in a room on the landing place, for the ghost, determined to "Speak to it though Hell itself should gape!" The purturbed spirit, however, on these occasions, was provokingly quiet, and the gentleman, tired of ghost- watching, soon gave up the hope of penetrating the mystery. Some nights passed on, and all remained peaceable, when accident produced a solution of the enigma. One night, Mr. —, a visitor, being (like Iago) " troubled with a raging tooth," lay tossing on his sleep- less bed, when suddenly a footstep met his ear. He overcame the sense of pain, stole gently from his bed, cautiously opened the door, and straining his eye-sight down the stair-case, beheld by the faint glimpses of the moon, a figure all in white, "Now in glimmer, now in gloom As still as death, with stifled breath," gliding softly toward the lower part of the house. He scarcely knew what to think of the apparition. The hour " when church-yards yawn"—the darkness—the white figure, faintly seen, and scarcely heard to move, at first "Made his seated heart knock at his ribs," but he summoned up resolution; and as nothing is so offensive to a true ghost as candle-light, he applied the match to the tinder, lit his candle, and pursued the path the apparition had taken. It had vanished. When he reached the ground floor, nothing was to be seen. All the doors were shut, and there was no way that the spi- rit could have passed. He tried the doors, they were all fast until he came to that of James's room, which on his pushing it gave way, and discovered the fair Jane in that dress, in which Tam O'Shanta saw the young witch of Alloa! Mr.— began loudly to reprimand Jenny and James, when the former, with great expressions of surprise, ex- claimed—" Dear me! where am I ? How could I get here ? I must have been walking in my sleep ! ! ! THE new Deputy Commissary General, Mr. Laidley, has assumed the duties of his office. One of the first Commissariat Notices he has issued, is a requi sition for eight thousand pairs of shoes for the Public Service, to be supplied by "tender." Such notices as these are extremely gratifying to the people it; it looks like a disposition to encourage the Colonial artizans, and give a new life to the almost exhausted springs of internal trade. We must say, however, our population is too small to make shoes—our males had better be employed in oiling, cutting cedar, ploughing, and tend ing flocks. We can buy English shoes cheaper than we can make them. A sick Convict was landed last week from the Settlement at Port Stephens. It was rumoured on the wharf he had re- ceived an immense quantity of lashes at different times, for running away and petty thievings, but that the man was not always right in his mind. 