THE MONITOR. FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1827. THE present administration we, regret to say, and we are mortified too in saying it, has the misfirtune to be perpetually passing laws directly in the teeth of the re- commendations of the public Press, and of course so far as that Press embodies the voice of the people, so far are they in opposition to the wishes of the people. A great deal has been urged in the public papers during the last year, and reiterated in the speeches of persons most looked up to by the people, and who acted as their spe- cial organs at the late County Meeting, against the un- reasonableness, inexpediency, and vicious tendency of introducing the excise laws and their ramifications into this infantile and simple community. Yet on the re- newal of the licences of the publicans this year, the Go- vernment, so far from yielding in any way to the feelings of the community -- so far from giving way to the preju- dices of the people, (if hatred of the inquisitorial nature of the excise and licensing laws may be called preju- dices)--the Governmenit has drawn the cords of our sla- very in these respects tighter than ever; for whereas heretofore the people might supply their servants whe- ther bond or free with a cheerful glass of grog in their own huts, drunk under the surveillance of their master, by the new licence act such natural right is taken away from them, and servants requiring a glass of grog, in lieu of staying at home, will have now to go to a public house, and there, amidst thieves and fiddles, spend that money which until this new Act, they spent under their masters' roof. BirT this curtailment of the privileges of all thle Set tlers'in the Coloniy was not enough. Lest the said mas-, ters, experiencing the incontenienices of allowing their. servants to go to ,'te public-house, should thereby be tempted to continue the ancient custom (denied them by no Gpoverrior save General Darlipg)' of supplying their. own servints with wine, beer, or spirits, and avoid, the penalty prescribed therefore,, the 'present Government has' enlarged'the overgrown powers 'of the Magistrates, by enabling any: two 'of them and in a way the most blessed of all ways, namely, by' that most delightful short cut, emphatically called a summary way, which 'signifies in the apprehension of many of our Worship fuls any way, to convict the said'niasters for so. supply-. ing their servants with grog out of their own keg, in the mild, dove-like, Larmless sum of Twienty-five Pounds Sterling, be the sinners gentle or simple, Squire Settlers :or Dungaree Settlers ! ! And, lest the latter description 1shoild escape the penalty by means of the poverty into, ;which the present policy of His Majesty's.present sum Iniary Government 'is fast hurtying them, the said new :Li ense Act dedlares, that in case the said lamb-like fine 4oF only Twenty-five Pounds Sterling, (the rent of forty ,acres of lan', and the value at this droughty time of the produce of from ten to fifteen.acres ;'that is, of more land than dozens of the little Settlers cultiVate altogether, their potatoe patches included)--wve say lest the grog selling poor should escape by reason of their extreme poverty, the said 'new Act has nidst graciously directed the removal of the Settler from his home, his.wife, and his family, to the ,nearest of the Gaols of our nimot gra cions Sovereign, there -to .be fed on the Gaol.a1!owanye, and to be-kept at hard labour "fbr any time niot le, than three months" (that is during the whole of the, o iO season) "nor exceeding four." We o?ght pot tq doul t but that the prosperity and morals atid `loyifty ~ ~.f'i lip ' 1ajesty'a loyal Subjects inhiti8bneW Coloniy, will be yery considerably promoted: l ttiese regulations. ' 'the& Reveztue, 'wbin `teperjtu'iesx roa cig d , profligacy which they .generate, are ariau y ca ,culated. . " AMONG other well ritten strictureso ..tl. iev opl fines in principle, we quote .the fq.llow?ua.g a ?:t. . sensible Journal., , IF we could be surprised at any instance .of. negge and stupidity, of ignorance of their business, or indifference to it, in our legislators, we should be 'sirprised at their persis ting in the existing system of amercement, in despite of uis flagrant injustice, and the incessant embarrassment which iit occasions .to all upright, humane, and .intelligent Magistrates. It. is enacted in statutes, that for certain offences fines .shall be imposed, at the discretion of the Magistrate, to any amoupt not exceeding one sum, nor under another, the mminmu;p being generally forty shillings, the smallest suan that the dig 'nity of Parliament commonly condescends to contemnplate, Noiv this is an avowed, an enacted iniquity; for the Lt~gilh ture, in fixing this minimumi.; decrees that in certain cases-b" poverty the pecuniary penalty shall not be apportionedito the circumstances of the party, which is in direct contraventio iof .that maxim of justice and principle of.the Constitution, whioh declares that no one shall be fined beyond his means. It is the boast of some unthinking men, that our laws are equal,-- and so they miay be said ,to be in one sense;, but the inegsa. lity, of which we complain is, in their operation, Itf Hi"iy 'a load of a couple of hundred weight on the French Hercules and on an inf'ant, the burthens are equal; there is not ofe weight for the strong and another for the weak, bit the operation of them is most unequal,-the one is crushed -io death, .and .the other bears it lightly. In imposing any fixed fines which cannot be.regulated according to the means of the very poor offender, ,tle Legislature prot eeds on this plan, ,'Its established maximurm spares the rich, but its rmnimum crushes the pauper. To say that a fine of less than forty shilling as . not to be levied on a poor labourer, is to say that the law will ,be satisfied with nothing short of his ruin; that it will' itrfp and starve him for an :offence which it would punish in the rich man ,bythe .extction of a sum ,which he would give for.a pine-apple or ;a;dish of green peas at- Christmas. WHEN a fin is to be levied, it is obvious that the means:of the party to meet the penalty should :be considered;. W must reflect whit ' he has to .pay, before we can . apportin. the pecumniary punishment to his ..pf'ence; for the circumstanoep of the party will determine the character of the punishniment; it will obviously be lighter or' heavier, according to the pro. portion .whiichi he demand bears to hlis meaas. If we wioul proceed, therefore, in conformity with the dictates' of humndifty and justice, ; we must vary' the fine as the means vary, anid think of no minimum of demand short of the smallest coin of the realm. But if we act like Dandy Legislators, we shall. assume an ignorance of small money and small people, and never consider with what degree, of disproportioned weight the lowest fixed standard of punishment may fall.on those who ,are unable to bear it, and we shall become heedless just whe-re we ought to begin to be especially Nv~ry and tender. There are epersons in this country who can afford without inconve !nience to pay fines under fifty pounds; the apportionment of the fine on them, for certain offences is left to the discretion of the Magistrate: there are many more who can afford to pay a fipe. e,above forty .shillhgs, we will say, and under twenty pounds.; the apportionment of the fine on them is left to.the discretion of the Magistrate': there are u1ifortunatelyythousands of poor people who cannot afford to pay a finle of. forty shlt aings; and the apportionment of the fine to their rGpncumsitane.p is not left to the discretion of the Magistrate. 'T'ne punish ment thus ceases to be proportioned to the capacity of the party to bear it, exactly where the most scrupulous regaird should be had to it, if we would avoid an infliction exceedinfg the demands of justice,-or an iijury in fact beyond :the contemplation of the law, because the sufferers were beneath the consideration of the law-makers. Ordinarily, when. men impose burdens on the strong, they ca-t them on heedlessly 'arnd by the gross; but when they. come to. the weak, thp~ weigh them with nicer care and minuter consideration. Par liament goes on " an opposite system. When it comes to the loads for the weak, it ceases to weigh at all; it says, " Here is the last measure.; this shall be borne by all, weak and strong.; there shall be".no apportionment below a certain.standard,' which we know to be above the mneans of thousa' a of offend ,ers, and consequently bearing no just proportion to their, offence." In default of the payment of the penalty,. these' people must go to gaol; their families deprived of the aid, such as it may be, of their daily industry, are then thro.vn' "' the uorkhouse. And why is this mischief done, or ?yvhv is there the possibility of its being done? That Parliament il ; .l)e spared the shame of. nainmog, petty sums, which it seems to consider beneath its dignity. The Magistratec's discrerio.i is I .allowed .to range from fifty pounds to.fortv shillings; why' :should it not be allowed to range from. ffty pounds to a, farthing ? What harm can be done by such an extension t What cruelty aind injustice may be avoided by it ! We daily hear Magistrates lamenting that they are compcll d to eiact" penalties exceeding the means of the parties, and sometimes' dismissing offenders who deserve some punisnment, becaus" .they. cannot prevail upon tlhemgelves too inflict the dispmopor,. tioned one blindly laid down by the law., The City Street Act, we observe, is on the plan we advocate; it allows of penalties down to a farthiug,-a piece of good sen~e which we arec confident did not originate withl the House of Comdmon!s. Oun CJourts of 1ia.w like our Legislature, have discovere4 an aversion to. c(;ntemiplate smal. sums, and havw even huled it beneath their dignify to take cognizance of suits concclrnin,' them. Ilany grav 'dcecisioiis to this effetct are on reCilJ".: Mr. Beatlham's argument on this hea4l is equally applicable. to- the principle of fines. We qubte a passage from lhisa admirabhle work,oan ;Judlicial Establishments.' . , TH iniportance of' a sum to the interest of' gigveii "nd' vidual, s inq its ratio to his ind6e?zne It is' bUt a small propor tiqpn' of th~e pcople, for exapplde,jini France, that lhave each :so. muich as '200. jiirep a yeaYm. to 'ive, on t, avery nmnl! proporgion indeed of womioan i ?chlii-d en aroto he taken into the account: the' kiuig's 4tratlihn~'are' to'have ea'h 20,0ootinme'tat sulta-.. - -,00,00, q"' livreas. The liirte is llerefo-e.of at .lest .equa: z por tone t the one, t ??alt '20 ,iOl ie istd .theeotdiq'r." ftis in faot of piuch grel4pr imp r!,iislee; fin' uietrtitywii Sbear retrenchment, u1ud?:that il ioprt.ituil~ts supeujottwriu a bare .ubsiptpnce wil lib'i none. Tak from .ue klsg' s ' a"?? m,. heistill enU ins pu aoplent prlnce,. , o oIary labourer: ~ ~f is --iome, he starves. .WatuL on the subject of public-houses,we wF ildik e s f'the hliisry'nature, n and tendenlcy of ithese institu tions, iii asiursoryman?ter. -. THE new Lidense Act xnay be very lawful, l utin:our' opinioni it i~ a most vexatious, unnecessary, and inexpe-. dient' act. to pass for the people of a new colony like this;i: and we are quite sure that among all. classes, save the publicans, for whose benefit it is intended, it.will be. a. moi t unpopular 'Act. .- Greater encouragement than ever by this Act is given to informers, "with all the lies,, treachery, perjuries, aud infernalism, which accompany the' system. Here, in H: 1 M. colony of New South Wales,; just budding into youth, where allis or ought .to be innocence simplicity ~andvigour, war, and its..hor rid consequence, ex??se.,?;ps, s.should : be .considered as a, legend of other times gond other, countries, and the revenue should proceed fiom some well-chosen duties on' imports- chiefly on Foreign meat, flour, grain, spirits, tobacco, seeds, dried fruits, 'wines, and in :fact all such things as are the natural products of our climate ; super aidded by duties on luxuries,' such as hyson and gunpow der" teas, loaf-sugar, sugar-caridy, muslins, silks, (not r.ibbons and haberdashery) liqueucs, ":jewellery, bronze, aiid other fancy ornaments, foreign cabinet ware, &c.; .&c.; These commodities, with tolls,- market-dues, auc tion-licenses, quit-rents, &c.; &c.; 'should, be the : sole ingredients of our public revenue.' : : e LXCENSES for public-houses are in their very nature a iiece of genuine political cant. They have .hypocrisy S;for their basis. They arose in England: as:most of our .public iniquities and humbugs have'done in this country, from the gradual encroachments of rich men and place .men, and above all of Justices--(for justice-brewers in 'England are analagous to justice cedar-owners and jus 'tice r?m-importers in Sydney)-on the rights of the people'5 and from insidious but gradual attempts to tax 'the community for their own special advantage; in order to which, they' have always given a share of the spoil to' the Government, in collecting a revenue for them; and in casting the 'mantle of morals over their .whole proceedings, they have' most artfully secured to them selves the countenance of the religious world, and at the same time a monopoly of the .public-house licenses, to bestow on their. own creatures and 'dependents. The whole system of licenses in England is one mass of monopoly, fraud, and moral hypocrisy, in which the Go . Vernment and the .license-dealers, the brewers and the rdistillers, have all 'greed with one ,accord to be-gull, be-juggle, and priest-ride the people, and put the money in their own pockets. If "any one think this description over- charged, let him 'read the villainous disclosures Iately made in. pamphlets and newspapers,'.and by Com mittes in the House of Commons, in the late public and' parliamentary disctissions a luonme on' opening the trade in'malt liquor. The whole of the licensed houses in Loridon are in the hand of' the brewers; who are in this respect the great London faction.: The richest brewers hold the greatest number of licensed hoises. The said brewers edge themselvres in to be .Justices of .the. Peace. On. license-days they agree to plunder the public as Smuch. as they possibly can, maintain .their, own power, influence, and monopoly ; and perpetuate ,the farce of li-' censipng only such persons . as are moral and keep good houses r"' Tna necessaries of life should never .be,taxedr This is a plain axiom in political economy.:. As.ia nation in-: 'dulges.in ambition and war, :and. accumulates debt, the people of course must, becontented to'have all luxuries tatxed pretty heavily---and perhaps some, of their com-' forts-but'it must be such a bloody people as the En-' .~ glish, who are always fighting-whose armies andl navies' and battles are so immense, td. require the' tizes to descend to tlhe necessaries of life. But in little bits og kingdoms like Botany Bay, wh~ich never fought a battle in their lives, and reqjuire neither army nor navy to-defend them, beyond a. regiment or two, the luxuries of life only have any occasion to be taxed, and those in a very slight manner, if proper economy be observed in madaging the public expenses, . S ILTrMIns Governors,; however, biorgrht. up in ,the S.n,, are, as ignorant. of all this s6rt of reasoning as their enemies could possibly wish them to be. Thlere . fore, when they commence dabbling in taxation, they first of all ape the mother country, thinking that must be safe, and so because grog and beer are taxed there in allmapner of wvays, from.the growth of the hops and niakirig the comamoldit'y, down to the drinking of it under the ken of the ex&ciseman;, so of cburse the same principle :o0ht to be introduced in a small, peaceable, struggling eoloaiy. The military, civil, and ecclesiastical officers, formerly vended the grog of this colony both wholesale a.nd retail, and each kept his public-private house. But Mlacquarie was impertinent enough to take the trade out, of the bands of these honourable and excellent men, and the profits made by these gentlemen and magistrates, &c;'. 'were hanided ovcer by honeet Macquarie thenceforward to the Colonial Treasurer, one D'Arcy Wentworth, Esq. who did all the duty for'n frugal hundredu year . r. never heard of the d.testable office ofexciseman, (we have no objection to the exciseman personally--we allow r, ? g?,.q vtery respectable man) till thnt worthy ,Jo j1 " * Bigge arrived, T?he people in his day,,i~d?oe?i arKg attempt to procure leave to distil I dW' : their own 'grain Ia granting `home-di.s4tiution, the Commiissioner ;of Enquir, on o-. side tke question ..- ne-gt~tutltu're, and threw back the colony half a' century, by taxing colonial industry half-a-crown a gal lo, .and introducing, in conseq ieiuce, the detestable excise laws. The public- house licenses, too, were en creased in price at Iligge's suggestion.. Unfortunately, Macquarie introduced them i'nto the colony,' in the first instance, f9r he could not get rid of the military and jus tice grog-sellers by any other less plausible means. The cutting off this trade had occasioned then deposition of one Governor, and Macquarie had some keen politicians to deal with, and was obliged to take care that he was not disturbed in his own government, especially:.as he overturned all before him, and adopted a .very bold and novel policy. 'The system of licenses, therefore, was considered at the time, a master stroke of policy, and its introduction, was then considered a wise and En glish-like measure. -Gioo or beer, to Englishmen, are a necessary of life. To tax'bread and meat,, soap candles and; leather,' and'. to make bakers and butchers and tanners,: &c.; pay 251. a-year'for selling these articles, would not be a jot worse policy than making. the publicans do so for vending beer and spirits. Nay, it would not be so bad. .For, as both theory and experience prove that the cheaper the [na tional beverages of grog and beer are sold retail, the soberer the people are; we had much, better pay dear for our "bread"i'and meat, than for. our grog; 'because morals are more concerned thereby. Hence, as every man.opens a shop in every street, lane,. and.ally, where he thinks he. can sell his bread or his, meat, his soap or his candles, to the best advantage, and no 'one molests him, so the seller.of grog :should be allowed' to do the' same. The more numerous the venders. of beer, &c.; the less will company get together. What tempts har lots and single men and adulterous men to a tap ? a fine large. room,. to be sure, with forms and tables, pipes, tobacco, and news-papers, with a rousing fire in winter,I and a fiddle, and adulterous wives and loose women at night. The late Judge- Advocate's plan. of limiting the number of licenses, and preventing the dealer in spirits from dealing in any thing else, was, therefore, worthy the profound thinking and edlarged experience, of that deep economist. We wish, however, he had minded his. own business, and paid his private debts, rather than in terfered with public-houses. So far from 'refusing licenses to those who deal in, other, commodities, besides spirits, wine, and beer, if any rule at all were made in the case, the converse would be the right one. The great object in legislating on this subject, is to prevent the'common people from congregating together. If every little shop-k?eper, therefore, in the town, kept his bottle on the counter, and was allowed to sell, the country settler, with his money in his pocket, would' remember. his shiftless wife and shirtless 'children, and a'ter taking a comfortable glass or two at the counter, to excite his domestic remembrances and affections, he would spend the remrainder in calico, print, and fustian; in soap, can dles,. tea, and sugar. But now he is compelled to go. to a regular drinking house... There, (if it be winter,) is, a lively, cracking fire on the hearth-a clean sanded floor' -pipes, 'bacca, and news-papers on the. table-a smiling hostess at the bar-Jack and Tom, whom he hasn't seen for so'mnany years, just. taking a comfortable' half-pint together (oiuly half-a-pint at the first.)--Bill Hawkes bury accordingly in his turb, calls for his quota, with a voice and in the the tone of a lord-the thoughtless man sits down to risy no more that day. Ever and anon, like ghosts, his eixpectant wife and children flit. across his memory and. scare 'his conscience--the fiddle strikes, up a mnetry glee--the wanton song goes merrily round---the harlot and adulteress enter the jovial throng ,-loud and obstreperous mirth and prophane and filthy j.ests gradually drown qualmhns of 'conscience, and prepare f-or the scenes which follow, In the morning, the har vest cart, which was to haire' carried home the next months' necessaries, returns 'home, with' its 'drtiinken owner, empty-for as tbhp: guilty father and debauched husband approaches his dwelling, he requires half-a-pirit at the last publice-house, before he can venture to meet. the eyes of his wife---but he' has no monejry left-so he consents that two half- pints shall be scored down as a reitauneration for gettiig 'trust for one., To drown the" horrors of remorse, he orders one more half-pint, and Sthen proceeds t~iarird§ his huiible htut df bark-Zhis wife and children are" ittrahted' by the 'song of the profligate ruffian a mile before he 'reaches the hapless dwelling but we will here close the scene, for the misery' of the meeting may be better inmagined than described. Tnms 'is'a"t'tf'hieistory. This is a common history. It is no exnggeration." ' It is the history, in fact, of half the settlers noWd residing on the flawkesbury and the,, Nepean, either at the present or sot.e former period of their lives, And it will continue to be their history, so long as Cooper and Underwood cannot make grog free of duty, and cannoot vend it at every shop in town free of license, and so long as their very .natural attempts to keep up high prices are not rendered fruitless by abolish ing all excise duties (save the American duty of a'penny. a gallon, to be charged.on the oath of the distiller)-by abolishing all regulations for distilling whatever, and by . putting no more impediment in 'the wpray of the settler. ;distilling spirits arid 'irewing beer, than whktt e.ist at present in baking his bread .and, killing his; pig., STnE Case 6f Mr. Pritchett; is in this respect very hard. Thisgentleman, who carrieson a very extensive business,' both wholesale and retail, especially with the country -farmers,"is ppernettual?:bei 'obliged tb refusi tier brandy and Hollinds, bedatise he cannot, for waii' bf Slicense, sell' them less -ihan five gallons. "To obviat this inconvenience, .Mr. P. applied or 'the last license day, fbora license to sell spirits in quantities of one, twq. three, or- four: gallons. He -ws; informed his request would be complied With, but only on condition of his giving up all the rest of his extensive trade ! ! ! - IN illustration of what passesi a some of our public houses, we quote ,the followiing: facts :-Last Monday evening, three'respectable men went into a certain pub lic-house, not 'a hundred mnils west of the New Bank, td take a cheerful segar- together. In the course of the evening,'a score ofr dissolute persons about half.of each sex, came in, and begair their orgiecs; the caridles were presently put out, and 'bioe of' the 'gentlemen %was?. knocked down, kept down by both men and women, as he supposes with the' interitioh ' of rifling his.pockets- was stabbed, but his arm received the point of the knife; the consequence 'was 'a wound two inches 'in length and of a proportionate 'depth, (but a certainimili-' tary' surgeon can dsesribe.'the wound niorg accirately)' and a small stab Which passing bid' arr pepetrated his side, but not dangerously.: The suffierer hai~ beri ;pre vailed: upon by hisýtwo friends to:conceal the a.-a-tii.it' we, as conservators of the public peace, along w:ithi 1:` Rossi, think it our boundnr deuty to make the aff air pull licly known.' -r t e 