LIMEHOUSE GHOST. The neighbourhood of Limehouse, like the Highlands, in the good old days of the bogles, has, it seems, been haunted for, some months back, by a most refractory and incorrigible phantom. The facts of this afflicting visitation are simply these:---A Mr. and Mrs. Dickenson took a small house, in October last, at the upper end of Church-street ; but scarcely had they passed the first half of the first night in it, when a sort of a loud chucking laugh (the very sound which,if you could fancy a grasshopper intoxicated, he would no doubt make,) was heard, proceeding as it seemed from the bed room closet. Now, it so happened, that the bed-room of this worthy, couple had no closet,' whereupon being puzzled to account for the phenomenon they very naturally explored the whole house from top to bottom. Still no explanation was afforded. The next night; - at the same hour, the same fat chuckling laugh was- heard, and as it appeared close to Mr.Dickenson's ear, that much injured individual jumped up, and throwing his inexpressibles indignantly, but with a due regard to decorum, around him, he rushed again into the adjoining, room, where, however, nothing was found that could at all throw light upon the mystery. Meantime, the confounded cachinnations continued, first three short, broken winded laughs, then a halt, then a long asthmatic ululation, the whole woundup by a solemn midnight stillness. The affair now became truly distressing. To think that an at tached couple, when absorbed in those chaste connubial en dearments on which all married folks set so high a value— to think,' we repeat, that an amiable pair thus engaged 'should be interrupted by the villainous laughter of a ghost; 'the bare idea is revolting, and fully justified Mr. Dickenson- in his application to the parochial authorities. 'This he did 'on the third night, but alas! what can a beadle, or even a parish clerk avail against the evil one? Every night, albeit a brace of undaunted constables kept watch in Mr. Dickenson 's apartment, the cacophonious interruption continued till the whole set were fairly laughed to scom. This was some Weeks back, but the noises, we should observe, are heard up to the present time, though, as they have appeared more asthmatic of late, it is to be hoped that their fiendship owner may one night break his wind and die. Meanwhile, the house, like Ossian's dwelling of Moina (only infinitely more touching), is desolate, for Mr: and Mrs. Dickensoii have evaporated, and no one has since, been, found at all desirous of being laughed into fits every night, by an ungentlemanly good- for- nothing goblin. Here the affair rests at present. 