Shipping Intelligence On Monday last His Majesty's ship Suc- cess, Captain STIRLING, returned from her expedition to Swan River. Passengers, Major LOCKYER, and Mr. Frazer, Colonial Botanist. On Monday last arrived, from Port Dal- rymple, which place she left the 10th instant, the cutter Governor Arthur. Same morning also arrived, from Hobart Town, the ship Marquis of Lansdowne, Captain Noyes, with 466 half chests of tea, so that the mart in the sister Colony is pretty well glutted. Passengers, Mr. Shand, and Mr. Richard Underwood. Yesterday sailed, for Batavia, the ship Brothers. Same day, for the same destination, the ship Andromeda. The Governor Phillips is announced to sail, for Moreton-bay, tomorrow ; the Amity, for King George's Sound, on Fri- day; and the Governor Arthur, for Port Dalrymple, on Sunday next. POSTSCRIPT.--Yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock, we received our files of Tasma- nians and Hobart Town Gazettes. "Why our packets should have been delayed to so late an hour, and for two days, we will not stop to enquire. To say the least it has a suspi- cious look. However, we have stopped the Press, as is our invariable custom, in order to give the latest and most important Extracts from The Tasmanian, of the 29th ult. They will be seen elsewhere, under the head TAS- MANIAN NEWS. At present we forbear remarks. The Marquis of Lansdowne brings the following interesting Scraps : The Colonial brig Haweis, Captain Dibbs, belonging to Mr. Robert Campbell, of George Street, arrived at Hobart Town on the 2nd instant, from the Mauritius, with a cargo of sugar, &c.; It is reported that 45 tons were sold there. The Haweis made the passage, from the Isle of France to the sister Colony, in six weeks, which is consi- dered an astonishingly quick run. The ship Orpheus, Captain Duff, was to sail in ten days after the Haweis from the Mauritius for Van Diemen's Land and Sydney, laden with sugar. Mr. Deputy Commissary General LAIDLEY, who is to succeed the universally respected and indefatigable Mr. WEMYES, in his arduous and responsible duties, is a passenger on the .Orpheus, accompanied by his LADY and family. As the duplicates of Ihc letters forwarded from Calcutta by the ship Snipe, belonging to Mr. Robert Campbell, of George-street, have been received on the Haweis, via Isle of France, there can be little doubt now as to the melancholy fate of Captain Jameson, formerly of the Active, and commander of the Snipe. Whilst we would condole with Mr. Campbell on the loss he has again to submit to, by this unexpected mishap, we are certain all who were acquainted with Captain Jameson will acknowledge that Society has met with no common deprivation in his untimely destiny. Our old friend, Captain Dillon, who is now about one of the most venerable Colo- nial coumanders out of this port, with the exception of Captain Thompson, has ven- tured upon another visit to our hospitable quarter of the world. Of all the perse- vering skippers that ever left our harbour, Mr. Dillon will yield to none, He left Sydney about two years ago in the Calder for Batavia, and since that period has al- most circumnavigated the globe, and seen as many adventures as would fill a tolerably sized volume. Report says, that Captain Dillon, in one of his cruizes in the Southern hemisphere, fell in with some of the remains either of the ships, or of the persons, of the celebrated LA PEYROUSE; and his illus- trious but unfortunate companions. For any certain information upon this important subject, we hear that the French Govern- ment have long offered the tempting boon of £20,000-—and it is said that Captain Dillon has made the long-desired discovery, and, if such be the fact, we seize the earliest op- portunity of congratulating him on the occasion. It appears that this old naval ve- teran of Australia commands a fine ship, 'yclept the Research, and that he comes last from Calcutta, with a cargo of sundries. As we expect to see Captain Dillon shortly, we shall defer further particulars. After we had despatched the above for the press, we were so fortunate as to be fa- voured with the following information, upon which every reliance may be placed, the same coming from a highly respectable quarter. "The persevering efforts of Europe to discover the fate of PYROUSE are likely to be successful under the British flag : the East India Company's ship Research, Cap- tain Dillon, has been fitted out by the Go- vernment of Bengal for the purpose of visiting the New Hebrides, and other islands in the South Pacific Ocean, from whence Captain Dillon, during a recent voyage, ob- tained a stronger clue to the destiny of the lamented circumnavigator, and his gallant companions, than had previously been met with. The Research is now at the Derwent, and may be expected to touch here. The celebrated Dr. TYTLER, of the Bengal Medical Service, accompanies Captain Dil- lon in his interesting voyage, and, from his talents, the world will doubtless derive a great accession of botanical, mineralogical, and other valuable information." The brig Apollo, belonging to that enter- prising Colonist of Van Diemen's Land, Captain LAUGHTON, has unfortunately been wrecked at Maria Island, on her way from Hobart Town round to Port Dalrymple. We have hitherto proved most, unfortuñate in our maritime speculations —the Colonial vessels all seem to be merely built for the purpose of undergoing early and disastrous shipwreck. Apprehension begin to be seriously enertaineded by the house of RAINE and RAMSAY for the safely of the Ann, Captain Grimes, which Vessel left Sydney some months ago for Timor, and was to return with a cargo of ponies, the whole of which were to order. The owners have some faint hope, as they furnished Captain (Grimes -a young Gentleman that is sincerely res- pected by all his countrymen, and every Colonist to whom he is known--with in- structions to employ himself at Melville Ialand, should the local government there stand in need of his services; and as no re- turns- have lately been received from that quarter, there is yet ground to exercise pa- tience. From one of the latest English Papers in the Colony, we make the following extract, relative to the Heir Apparent of the Mo- narch of Greal Britain. We have hitherto given the most flattering accounts, that were the most congenial to our hopes of His Royal Highnesse's recovery, but if we are to give any credence to this moccan, ii would appear our expectations are likely to be blighted. After all, however, we trust that the DUKE of YORK, the Idol and Pride of the British Army, may be spared some years longer :— "The Liiini Oircnlur of lite pml week bim been lilli d « ¡Iii llutteiInif lulen «f (be Duke of Ymk'n im piovin«; heiilth. Would it «ere no I Hill llie Duke, we feur, in in II untie diiii«,crotm nlnle Ihmi bin fiiendn nuil folliiweri, enn benr lo niitne. We rely on lim pei miiiul nliileiuiMit of II |reutlcinnn of muli, «ho lent ui'jfciil oeciiniou lo «nil on bin lloyul llie/liucsn n few diiys «ince, mid wnn ulm tied hy the Dtikc'n nllercd np peni iinee. Ile dencrihed bim un nenteil in n Imirr cliinr, «inpped in ii tin« k iimniinu/ «,u»vu, Inn eye« ifhinny, hi« line pub1, mid bin pemoil iidiiced to hull' iln lol mer t.i/e; hin spiiiln neetued (.'«ne, und hin ntrcne/(|i «emly «iiHieil. 'llie Dukc'n dinnolution linn in finn been for .mine lime nuliuipiiled, und yet the CouiMJireiihir npeukn ol'lils iiiiienileil heiillh. Sir A. l'ouper IVIIN inilleil in, ut the pfenning rciiiicnlof tlicKiuif, mid lifter t'oiinnlIn«¡uti, blue pill» und npiiit of mpiilla «ere pie muibed, which uH'oiiled pmtiiil leliel...-Uni extinct ol' Ineimi leuven in ineutioueil na llio u/r.iud npecillc." It i» no1 I rue lliat Captain Pi mat wa» rc couiiuemled, by (ho Colonial Government, lo liurl HAÍ'IIUIIST, for a pension ; indeed, HO fur from HIICII a circumstance being foiintled in accuracy, it was never supposed that ii would have been expedient for any alteration in thttt particular department, un- til rceo.nl. occurrence» transpired. It will therefore be »con that it would have been incongruous in Hie Colonial Government to recommend a pension to a Ctiblic Of licor, when that Helf-Htime Officer had no idea of retiring. When will the man, to whom we aro obliged, and that reluctantly, HO often (o allude, bo induced to speak and write tim trnih ? Now, then, for another apology -another amende, hontirulih: ! The Naval Ollie« ha» given np the ghost in favour of the (.'ttslom House-a much moro National I erin. Wv understand that the Collector of Cus- toms will not board the VCHHOIH upon their arrival, a» wiib the duly of the Naval Officer or his Assistant, formerly, but that (hi» duty will devolve upon au oflicor yet to be cre- ated. Several new appointment» will ne- cessarily urine out of the establishment of a regular Custom-house. The now vessel, that is nearly ready for launching in the Dock-yard, an«! which has been built under thodiroelion of the Muster Attendant, will bo introduced to her native element in about a fortnight. His Iixt;i;i, i.HNiiy intends her fora rovenue-cutter. The now Jury-system, upon the extended plan, which will admit of a portion of the hitherto excluded Colonists} will bo entered upon in July next. Private letters from Port Dalrymple an- nounce th» death of tim Rev. JOHN YOUL, Senior Chaplain in Van Diemen'» Land, which lamented event took place about the und of lust mouth. The death of the Re- verend Gentleman was accelerated by a fever which prevailed on the north side of the* island, and Carried off many of the in- habitants. Mr. Yoi)I. originally caine to this Colony in the Royal Admiral, in 1800, as a London Missionary. He remained here some years, and then returned to Kurland, when he became ordained as a Minister of the Established Church, ami aleo received an appointment in Van Dietnen's Land, wherein he lins since resided. Ile leaves a wife (a native of this Colony), and a large family, to bewail his loss. A singularly constructed plant, some- thing resembling a pitcher, with a valve or lid, lins been brought from King George's Sound. In wet weather the lid rises to re- ceive the rain, and when the cup is filled, it closes, whilst in warm weather, the moisture contained in the vessel is conveyed lo nourish the plant by means of a curiously constructed canal. Mr. Frazer has brought several of them, in order to plant them in the Botanical Garden. Ann Campbell, a prisoner for 7 years was committed to take her trial by Captain Rossi and Mr. BERRY, on Monday last, for stealing the essence of coffee from the stores of Mr. Howe, for which Whitfield and his wife were a few days before committed to take their trial as the receivers, knowing the same to be sltolcn. We have to announce the return of Mr. Hovell from his interesting travels in the vicinity of Western Port. We are happy to have to add, that Mr. H. has fully ac- complished all the objects of his mission to that place;—the discovery of the spot at which his conjoint journey with Mr. Hume terminated, and the character of the coun- try (a highly important, object) immediately around the Settlement itself, and the bay. The following is an extract from a com- munication on this subject, which we have just received. It will speak for itself. It is only necessary to premise, that his exploratory labours would have been yet more ex- tensive, but, for the unfavourable state of the weather, the character of a considerable belt of country to the northward of the Settlement, which is at present utterly im- passable for horses, as well as a severe and protracted illness, with which we regret to find Mr. Hovell was affected in returning from his last journey, on his way from Port Phillip :— " On a reference to the meteorological table it will he found that the climate is agreeable, and if we may judge in so short a period (about five months) of trial, it is healthy also. The scope of country ex- amined by me, it will be found, includes the whole of the country in the circum- ference of Western Port ; of which, if I may be permitted to recapitulale, I would say that the space to the southward of Western Port, extending from Shallow La- goon to Wright's River, a distance of about. 15, or 16 miles, consists of poor land, covered with heath, undulating, bad to tra- vel, without water, excepting on the coast (at about 100 or 150 yards from the beach), at the back of the Sand-hills. At Cape Paterson there is excellent coal. Shallow Lagoon is salt water. ln Wright's River the water is fresh, and very fine within a mile or two of the sea. There was little good timber in this extent of country. From Wright's River to Bass's River (a distance of about 15 miles), the land is generally good ; in some places excellent, hilly, and divided in the directions N.E., and S.W. by the southern extremity of M'Leay's Range. The country is well covered with fine tim- ber on the S.E. side of the range ; but on the N.W. open, and affording abundance of good pasturage. In Bass's River the water is fine within about four miles of its mouth. From this river to the settlement (in a space containing about 8000 acres of land) the land is excellent, generally open ; the tim- ber on this line tract of country is neither plentiful nor good, but on the poorer land, in the vicinity of this fine spot, there is abundance of excellent timber. This land appears fit for every kind of cultivation. " From the settlement to Red Bluff, a distance of about 16 miles by land, the land is hilly, swampy, covered alternately with heath and tea-tree brush, and in ge- neral utterly impassable for horses. The land about Red Bluff is fine, but ill sup- plied with water. " From Red Bluff, to within two or three miles of Burchell's River (about four miles) the country is a dead flat, the land unsound, and covered with an almost im- penetrable scrub, or tea-tree brush. From this line to Burchell's River the country is level, and consists of fine rich meadow land, scantily wooded. In Burchell's River the water was found to be fresh, and extremely good, at low water, down, to the very en- trance. From this river to the easternmost of Wetherall's Rivers, in a distance of 3 or 4 miles, the country is extremely fine, and similar in every respect to that just des- cribed. The three streams, named We- therall's Rivers, are generally not more than half or three quarters of a mile distant from each other ; they were traced to their source—a level unpenetrable tea- tree swamp, about a mile and a half from the beach. At high water they are brackish, but at low ebb the water is fresh, but somewhat turbid, between the westernmost of We- therall's Rivers and Snapper River, in a distance of about 5 miles, the country is also level, but covered with stunted trees (seemingly a species of gum), and brush wood, difficult lo travel, excepting very near the shore, where the soil is hard, and co- vered with a coarse grass. The water in Snapper River, about 5 miles from its mouth, was salt. When met with about 12 miles from the entrance it was a shallow but fine stream, proceeding apparently from the south western extremity of the Alpine chain. From Snapper River to Hovell's Marsh, Port Phillip, the country is fine, consisting of plains, and hill and dale alter- nately, thinly timbered, covered with ex- cellent pasturage, well watered generally by means of chains of ponds, or creeks of good water. From this line to the northward the country is all of it of the same description, and to the westward the same, and here is the direct opening into the interior of the country. But the peninsula to the south- ward, as far as I was enabled to examine it, the land is more hilly, and is heathy and sterile, though but badly supplied with water. " Captain Tuckey, however, speaks favour- ably of some of the country which he ex- amined, situate between Port Phillip and Cape Schanck, and a portion of this line of coast which I myself examined, was fully equal to what he had reported of it. " M'Leay's Range, which is about 30 miles in length, appears to the south- western ter- mination of the South Australian Alps. This range, which in some places, particu- larly about the centre of its length, is very high, forms the eastern barrier of the country about Western Port. There is another range, which is also connected with the Alpine chain, and which runs parallel with M'Leay's Range, distant from it about three miles, but it is neither so lofty, nor does it extend so far to the southward as the former. Bass's River runs between these two ranges. " I trust that my humble endeavours will meet with the indulgent attention of your Excellency, and more particularly so when the difficulties that were to be encountered are considered, especially the character of the country in the immediate vicinity of (in some directions), and to a considerable extent around the settlement, and which precluded me entirely from availing my- self of the use of the horses for the convey- ance of supplies. " The few following general remarks, I deem it proper to submit in closing this re- port ; and 1st, us it will appear from the above account, that all the information which has been hitherto given relative to Western Port, has been in a very extraor- dinary degree either scanty or erroneous, it was supposed that it had no good anchor- age any where, but at a great distance from the shore ; it is now found that vessels of 200 tons can approach the spot selected for the establishment, within a quarter of a mile, and the largest vessels can approach within the distance of a mile. It was confidently reported that there were no rivers, we now find that, exclusive of Bass's River, there are five rivers. It was imagined that the land near the beach was a dry flat, and that any one might walk round Western Port dryshod. It is found on the contrary to consist of a series of country of the most opposite description. Lieutenant Grant, in his published account, mentions a river flowing into Western Port, which consists of 40 reaches and up which he proceeded with a boat ; no such stream is found to exist, and the late fugitive descriptions, published by various individuals in the newspapers, relative to this place, are all of them replete with error, and the French Charts are subject to these general remarks ; nor can I conclude with- out expressing my regret, poor as the fruits of my endeavours may be, that similar ex- cursions had not been made on the occasion of the settling of Port Phillip, in which event I do not doubt that the establishment at that place would never have been aban- doned. " To the Commandants at the recently formed settlement, Capt. Wright, and Lieut. Burchell of the Buffs, I have been succes- sively much obliged for their kind attention and ready co-operation in any thing condu- cive to the advancement of my endeavours. " With deepest sense of respectful grati- tude for the abundant means which your Excellency was so good as to order to be placed at my disposal, for the prosecution of my late journeys, " I have the honor to be, your Excellency's most obedient and humble Servant, " W. H. H." On Easter Monday the Rev.Mr. COWPER delivered, in St. Philip's Church, hi» annual Sermon to children, parent», and toucher», from lite well known passage in the book of Proverb»-" Train v¡> 11 ehild in lix: way he should go ; und whan lie is old, Im will no1 de/iint from it." The nature, necessity, and advantages of the moral instruction of the young wore clearly and ali'celionalely shown. The Yoneruble the Altai» KA CON read the Liturgy, in testimony of his cordial approbation of this annual lecture, and of hi» laudable anxiety for the welfare of the A 11stlidian youth. It. cannot be domed, that the Venerable Geni loman has, from the first, evinced an active zeal for the wide diffusion and proper management of educa- tion; and we trust thal /.cal will bens last- ing and tis uniform us the importance of (he cause deserves. The present occasion wa» rendered peculiarly interesting by theCWiw lic spirit which it exemplified. Not only were (he children of the school» connected willi theltev. Preacher's own Church assem- bled before him, but llio'-c boin the parish of Si. .bunes, from the School of Industry, from the Wesleyun Sunday Schools, and from »onie other juvenile Institutions, were lo be »eon mingled together us one happy and harmonious family. This is as it should be. In the work of religious education, colli- sion und strife should be curefully shunned, lost the »>ed»of bigott y should be sown in the rising generation, and the souUien) world become the theatre of those theological feuds which have made such nwful huvoek in the European churches. The instruc- tors of our rising fellow-citizens ought to esteem it an essential part of their duty, to inculcate, not less by example than by precept, the principle» of reciprocal for- bearance between the various denominations of religious professors ; and it is because the Kcrvicc of Monday last gave evidence lhat this duty is neither overlooked nor neglected, that we notice it with iinus'ial pleasure. Several hundreds of children con slituled the major part of the respectable auditory, amongst whom were Mr». DAH- LI NU, und a number of other Iridies of distinction; und several Ministers, of vari- ous persuasions, attended the Service. One of our contemporánea, on Friday last, gave the following :-" Our recent sup- ply of newspapers will enable u» to resume the »erie» of articles which have appeared in the Morning Chronicle. No. ISi will appeur in our next." Now, our Readers will be pleased lo recollée!, that we have long since questioned the authenticity of these said articles, if we have not furnished proof of the same; und, in addition to that incerti- tude which ive have laudably generated in the minds of the Public, »ince the said articles arc almost universally allowed to be fiction, we further state, thut the Editor in question did not receive any supply of newspapers by the last arrival from England. The Hlonilor had papers forwarded to the loth of November, \S\M Sydney Gazette down to the 23d, but neither the Australian nor the Gleaner received a tittle of news, except that which was picked up promiscuously. Wc should have no objection to wager a dinner for a dozen, the winner to pay all, that our contemporary is unable to produce the Morning Chronicles which nie said to contain these articles. A bet's a bet ! We are not prepared to vouch for the fact, but it is thought Mr. Janies Smith, the new Registrar for the Court of Requests at Parramatta, and Mr. Hunt, who left the Monitor Ollice, under wtue unexplained ci rou instances, but, who is at present the Re- gistrar of the Sydney Court of Request, in I lieu of Mr. Richard Allen,that was unceremo- niously dismissed the other day, it is thought that each ol'tliese individuals have given very respectable and efficient securities for the honest and faithful discharge of their res 1' peetivo duties, This is just us it should lie. We are glad to bear testimony that Mr. Richard Allen was never charged with embezzlement, nor did he ever run into perplexing debts without a hope of puyiug the same. Wc have no wish to insinuate (hat [ any party should be so charged. .'".. 