A RIDE TO BATHURST. LETTER II. The Sydney toll-gate is in point of convenience and architec- tural embellishment quite unique, but being in the gothic style, is perhaps rather too light for the rough purposes of a public turnpike, though is would look admirably at the entrance lodge to some of the Colonial parks of our richest settlers. It it decidedly the Hyde Park corner of out western road, and with the addition of some well arranged lamps might safely bear a comparison with that celebrated, gay and bustling entrance into London. The ill-natured remarks that were once made about this pretty trifle of Governor Macquarie's, appear now perfectly contemptible. He looked to the gradual advancement of the Colony, and built accordingly. Though the old gentleman was charged with wasting the public money in a lavish taste for use- less buildings of mere ornament, it is due to his memory to say that every structure in or near Sydney, affording to the eye of taste, the least pleasure or satisfaction, are all Macquarie's. The public buildings around this toll-gate are, the Benevolent Asylum, a large spacious and handsome building for the recep- tion of the old and infirm poor, supported by voluntary contri- butions, standing in a fine healthy situation, and productive by its good management of the greatest good to Sydney, where such a thing as a beggar is never seen ; the other is called the Carter's Barracks' an extensive government establishment, con- taining a large tread- mill, for the punishment of refractory pri- soners, while the principal part of the building it devoted to the reformation of the juvenile offenders transported from Eng- land and Ireland. These young delinquents appear to be treated in the most affectionate and tender manner ; their health and mo- rals are not only most fully attended to, but they have all the advantages of good teachers in their school, which lasts six hours a-day. No school in England can boast of such an ample play ground as these young rogues enjoy after their roast beef and New Testament is over; and when one rides past, and sees them in all the hilarity of youthful mirth, enjoying the government swings and playing at cricket, batt and ball, leap-frog and pri- soners'-base, it never occurs to the spectator that these can pos- sibly be the identical urchins, who have so-much infested the London streets of late years, and given the Recorder of London such trouble when they have been arraigned before hin at the Old Bailey. Now they are in a fair way of beginning the world do nave and they are likely to turn out honest men. On the right is the elegant and hospitable mansion called Ultimo House, which will not only be rembered by hundreds in the Colony, but by many officers of rank in England and India, who have formerly pertaken of its crowded entertainments. On the oppo- site side of the road about half a mile off, stands one of the best built houses in tho Colony, called Cleveland House, and farther on, at the bottom of the hill, are the extensive flour mills, gra- naries, and distillery, of one of the most industrious men in New South Wales; £20,000 is said to have been already expended on these works, which are on a scale of magnitude that would do credit to London itself. We now get completely out of town, and the pretty little; white circular building at intervals along tha road, with a board hanging outside elating "A Constable here," explain what they are intended for, and give the passen- ger assurance of safe travelling. Here is a picturesque, Eng- lish looking farm belonging to the King, called Grose Farm. His Majesty's father of sacred memory, King George the 3d was a great farmer, and took much pleasure in affecting the life of a gentlemen farmer, at hi; retreat at Kew; but his son, his pre- sent gracious Majesty, King George the 4th far excels him, in his love of farming, as would appear by the excessive number of fine farm he keeps in cultivation in New South Wales. This Grose Farm ia the first of them, but I nevor understood that it pays its expenses. At the four mile stone in our Ascot heath, where at the Autumn and October meetings may be seen assem- bled four or five thousand of the Sydney folks to witness the races. With the exception of the celebrated course just men- tioned, Epsom, Doncaster, York, and a few others, such as Chester, Newcastle, and Preston, Sydney race course presents as good a turnout as any in England. Five or six coaches and four, one or two tandums, half a dozen curricles, besides gigs, and saddle hores, almost innumerable, convince you that you are in anything but a prime country. Adjoining is the pretty estate of Annandale, belonging to the family of the late Colonel Johnstone. The orange lemon groves of this estate are equal to those of the Queens's garden's in Lisbon. After the five mile stone, the road turns the left to Liverpool, the Cow Pastures, and the rich county of Argyle. After passing several wall enclosed and partially improved properties be- longing to gentlemen engaged in buiness all the day in Sydney, we arrive at a pretty farm called Long-bottom, but find, upon enquiry, it is the king's. The establishment appears small, but for what purpose of public utility it is main- tained, small as it is nobody could inform me. The road con- tinues good all the way, and enables the stage coaches going to and from Sydney, to make up by a gallop, the usual time lost when changing horses. Passing Holmbush and Newington, two extensive and valuable estates belonging to Bank Directors in Sydney, we leave the pretty town of Parramatta on the right hand, and proceed due west for the Blue Mountains. The Government Domain and Toongabbie extend four or five miles along the road, till we come to Prospect Hill, where a rich black vegetable mould is seen to the top of the hill, which has been cropped, with good profit, over the very summit, these twenty years, without a single load of manure. Such a fact would ap- pear incredible in England. The estate comprises an extent of three thousand acres, entirely fenced with a log rail fence, and is does one good to see the style of old English hospitality kept up within the house. One hundred bales of fine wool were ready for shipment, being this years' shearing from the thousand sheep belonging to the wealthy proprietor. On the opposite side of the road at Prospect is the estate of Flushcombe the owner of which is said to have made one thousand pounds by the first year's services of his fine English horse Camerton? brought out by the Prince Regent, Captain Lamb from London. Passing the gentle master Slender's we come to Rooty Hill, an other enormous farm, belonging to His Majesty, of 8000 acres. the establishment here is on a considerable scale, and the la bourers, like like the numerous horses kept to breed by the govern ment , seem to have nothing to do but to eat,drink and enjoy themselves. On the high part of the road we first get a peep at the Blue Mountains, and we trotted on in order to reach our resting place at Springwood before dark, ten miles the other side of the river, up the Big Hill. Beyond Minchinbury and Mount Druitt, two well cultivated and eligible farms, there is a considerable descent in the road to the South Creek, over which there is a low bridge, frequently flooded in the rainy season. This creek gives name to an extensive and rich tract of land, on both sides of the road, well settled, and containing some of the finest farms in the country. Colonnels Erskine and O'Connell have large and valuable tracts on this creek, but by far the most important is the estate of Fleurs, the beautiful seat of Richard Jones, Esq., merchant of Sydney, whose flock of pure electoral sheep and rams are well worth turning off the high road to exa- mine. They were the first Saxony sheep imported into New South Wales, and promise at no distant day, in our mild and equable climate,to surpass in excellence of fleece, the present stock of Saxony itself. The South Creek can boast of a num- ber of rich and substantial settlers, who making their farms home stations, have their large flocks and herds depasturing over the mountains --- some in Argyle, and some at Hunter's River. The immense and certain profile of breeding stock in those fine coun- ties, have raised to wealth and independence, many in this neighbourhood, who, but for their sheep and cattle, must have remained in their original obscurity. Now, their houses are fur- nished with all good things in abundance, at whatever price, and two or three hundred pounds is not considered an object for the advantages of sending a son a voyage to England, for the benefit of a good education. At Penrith, on the banks of the Nepean River, we refreshed ourselves and horses at the hospi- table quarters of a friend, in the commission of the Peace, who can show some of the most substantial farm buildings in the Co- lony. We were now 35 miles from Sydney, a long ride in the heat of the day, and having ten or twelve miles further, we hur- ried away, and, for a shilling a piece, the punt carried us all across the river to Emu Plains, one of the most fertile and beau- fiful tracts of country in the Colony. Here is about 4000 acres of rich alluvial flat, it is in the hands of his Majesty, who is a prodigious grower of wheat, and cobs of corn, at these plains. This is a very large establishment, and used to be a sort of minor penal settlement, but I believe it is now nothing but an agricul- tural farm, for the raising of wheat. For what purpose it is im- possible to say. It was light enough to count 23 stacks of last year's crop, not yet thrashed out, still standing in the field, be- sides a much larger number of stacks, which I could not count, of new wheat. What it is for, I cannot imagine. While the market price of wheat continues at 3s. 6d. to 5s. per bushel, the loss at such establishments must be enormous. It needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us the disadvantages which large government establishments labour under, in such a country as New South Wales, compared with the hard working settler, who can hardly get a living, although working with his own hands, unless he has sheep or cattle in addition to his land in tillage. By a very moderate calculation, I consider the loss of the government farm at Emu, a dead loss to the public, of those thousand five hundred a-year, and the more they grow, the greater the loss. One man's loss is often another's gain, but here it is quite the reverse, for the more the government loses in this un- worthy competition with the poor devil of a settler, in the rais- ing of wheat and maize, the sooner is the settler ruined by the market being shut against him. I think I see you walking your horses between his Majesty's superb Lodge, and the margin of Virginia water, certainly one of the sweetest spots in all England and illustrative of the excellent good taste so conspicuous in the King. Now let us suppose an impossibility ; that 0 tbcusaca scr«_ of land were ordered to bo plough-. 0 up thero,&3id cuhicpfsd ftith-\vlisat, by 250 men, froi-i tha lmlkc at VToolwich, for th^ Lice of ths a^aiy and navy of Great SSritfin. WheS would ilis jolly farmers say the next market day at Staines? and what would Mr Hume and his tribe say in the House of Commons, of such a misuse of the public labour? And his Grace the Master of Ordances would soon be about their ears, that his public works, roads and wharfs, at Sheerness, should be interrupted, because the workmen had been drawn off to grow wheat at Vir- ginia water! as if his Majesty could not buy it at one quarter the price he could possibly gow it. At a time when 2000 appli cations for crown servants remain unsatisfied for want of pri- soners, and both plough and farming improvements are al- most at a stand still for want of hands in many places in the Co- lony of N. S. W., it coanot but he. lamented that go many of :l:cn tBjigneti/j craue prisoners e.'.ouhl ba rm^stvzd in tbe iinnde 3- tt:o ouperKStcndee-ie of fariiiisg eatebliehmentj at Emu and sltecrherc. £ ia1*? fuur mm i-hoclinr sn empty hend- barrovr, two before and two babied, at the rate of tboutoRQ rniloin two lourt, and I could noS htlp regrt-tting thej C7cre not At Hunter's River, where men are so much wanted. But we must get up iheiiili — ?hi* ssiracaiaitig ^-jIJ never do. 'Tis really worth go ng £tom Sydney to esc thio beautiful fcit of road, up themoun ain. It wiril* fit at ons way and then another, broad and leval, lotv to the right and then tu the left; good enough lot abattnr 11 g train to pzac over, but every (iva minutes you will nnd it as veil io turn round, end, ea we called it, !;ifB view of nature, or n other words slop a little to tah= breath. v7i-h your leave, I will idopt the hint, and take breath oleo, till caother letter, for I may iey with Cicero; ? ' Elscacripsi, nun otii abiind-ntia, ecd Qmoris crga te.' - X. Y. Z. It is not many weeks since wo copied n paragraph from the Colonial Times, mentioning a rumour that prevailed at Hobart Town, very much to the prejudice of his Excellency, Lientenant Genera] Darling* When wo introduced*it into our columns, we gave it not the sanction of our authority, for we confess we were Fcoptical on the .point. General Darling was charged with having written dopatchos to the British Governincnt, speaking in terms of unequalificd praise of Colonel Arthur ; nnd after a five day's sojourn with Colonel Arthur, under Colonel Arthui's roof, taking upon himtelf to decide on the merits of Colonel Arthur's Government. We discredited this rvport', because we dhl_notjmai»iiijc_that..aiiy.anp, wete hc7th»i . wisi*si of- «»ur kind, were he gifted with, super-hiimnn ponctrntion, would lim-e the vanitj'.to deem himself competent to 'such .ti task, or cvvenjinzard. ail opinion, when that (ipjniohlcmt}dr -\QiiLy :/bc'iforniL'd , /uiMiuiivi- dual repra«pntati(»n, antl la^titu; a friomUy int?rci-uV-^^itlj' f, lonel Arthur, diirin^ tho «ln-vc meiilioned -'period ;of -ifwnl^,, Wo »'rc bound nnv l|t-wcvur, to drop tmr scepticism, to sh,rv Ikiw exceedingly expert n military mail is in diicnvciiu.. n,,1 which coiuiiion luiirtttln e;\u only ascertain byclotr. invcsli-atio,, cad scrutiny, anil by he&ritig; two sides of a- qiirsliun ; weir.'' buuad Co assure out Keadero, that ? Colonel Arthur is iu-U'l-ii'i! ?atihis cS'jracnS tu Ocnerol DarUng. fur his continuance in oflicc How -csany scan do our Readers cupjiote, charged with rtim-- r70-u!dl be ccncfaScd if they vjx-rc allowed Co wolc. ? te a Jury uf Sheiir oki» with good fsro for a week, prepare llu-ir luiuile with s tele cS the!} on*, ciclr.de til lesliiuony but what thrj aljujt. (l/ wlcts troJoritarily, etui tlicn call upon them tot a vrrdicl, wiiliont forShcs proof? Ha what respseCdid I.icui. General l)4rliii» iijftVr §m h:3 posatinu frota tho Jisry.? Thcro csistcd atrjuuo dilFcrcndi fe*?8»»ac» Course! AsJEsob aad &hc; people. He charged tlit'm with di&i;&rcSaox.; as'JI 8hey charged liam wish unntucua, sS tea«i, th.-i. icspaaiyr.ri h!_ Ejcueureo, and aSsey were rcsdy t;i jy v» satitfaclou' *!£ J.'^i.-ay, f!wl ujoo^ of hia pnblk Ada sera detrimental t,, ulc, ?&.'??&?. -Gc^rral D^rsitig bcccn«?e iii«;;ucnt, and wa» it Ijuk. HuA f'3 woeM iara.:r!f .?sojci j v/as ii lifce-ly that he would ji-p»Ic to pr^jedko cJ hirasciS? Or i§ ho cnuiucr&ted; !l»e inoa:uri« » j,i,.|, gewj og«ice0 wm Grrirrr.l IBaj-Jjiag a ftomjvatcrae jndg. ? Cun|(| «ay S.QD fca a jv.ij^e oi H^gliah ttotsons of lijjhl who had hivn ac »8BaSs»!S5«!c!4« c Cc2u.-3j? of o.'asv., and *7h« niuor bare Jnscmi(,Jv ttlll| uD%voidafc!y rj-.oul-Jril bis lutrnS So the cotulition aiwl wnntii of , p-caplo «-Lo were biiS si sat of debased and cotuj tiered Frenchmen - €oc!i CJeaeffsi _j-ar!:i?g iairlv bold hiwiclf pirpared to prom,u,Ul. ok l!o. ntetriJo of Coluav! Arthur in hi. rur.n.-igeiMent of n Colmiy wLiJib naoy be celled, r.V.Ucra Colony of csperiment limn any i!aug else, end which ccnscqticntly requires the moxt li'nj« Jjkw«3Itsg, and s p3^K-,!ity of tuluds of lha nicesi di»criiniiialinn to projecs pub':a rc^'ilaVions ? i!u3 the Lieutenant General f- !r no «i'Jk-j55ic2. Cotcncl Arlhur made out a plain t.ile, nml m 'or, Id thu isaan who capscted Io be hanged, if he had an ommr 5«na?v. Co'aecl ArJhu; so&cficd; the Lieutenant Gent'tnl's iiiiml, BKd She pDrsiica who rvsre tticcJ the otlici day would have hoi-n ©qjeiill^ otaecteifcJ, fit-^aij .ta&crneai; had bt.n the only guide, tios Su&*s ted Jurtj i l!»ey would, have convinced both, that .|||t. WeliiiagScn jae av»3j'wi*h t!wia, and lh.ey would luve . savnl «A«w aaasJiu, if tlic-jr eoulti have oniothcred (he evidenct: ngaimt tictia, gjkJ fcavo ccJ wish tithe? easy simplicity, qu:e»cent-lii-. lce»6?o, 01 & fe2!ovv- feeling in the couctitueat p.irt* of the Court. KieutsnanS Genejftl Duslittg listened to, nnd believed ami m -just3cd ia ii;^ representations of the Ueutenaut Gnvernur of Van SHetacs'e Isond. (!u-Ioncl SorcSI writes to a gentleman of jnsti,, L«j Vsa Diei^sn's Land, ami informs him that Culuncl Arthcy'a reraoval w»9 resolved upon, iu Downtn^-g'trect, ? 8ha8 tha ftStuUtcr. weie caiisfisd of tho propriety of rec.'l ts»£j '''ln' Tkcy were nbout to deal with him a. ravi u;slj as they treated the much injured Sir Tlioma*. P.iis b.ice- & SucsecQor was fixed on, arid almo.t appointed ; 'when, iu ihe taidti cf preparation arrive Lieutrnant Cvencral Darling despatchea ! The Lieutenant General apfroVkt) offvUAimi I ArtatnrV meseunes and admiuistration. ! The people wcrcdiiriiu. i»satctJ end diaa^sctsd ! They were stirred up by n Faciiiin, c»d bj e Ijc-entioiia or a seditious prrss .' ! Oh ! that press ' Thcro'o tbe rub. What did General Darling sec of the Faction ' I &2or? did ha judge cf tho pwao ? Surely- not by that blight speci raea o2 polsiica! czcallsaco and dsgaiftcd diecusxion xvhioii' E-JSajno i*]S Sclo of Frc-ce ! sur«ly not by that beautiful picture n[~ 'ij« pies* of an onolavcd Colony ; surrly riot by the Ai,iuriliiii &asst;?3? 6sr«ly not by that -?' non deseripJ job article,' wliicli a Jfmyof Van Dii-niea's Lruul pronounced nf.inEi,, under tlicdirrr Eian of lia Icsrccd Lcnlvhip or Worship', and which lian cut-mcli _ qtH-'.'iccil £igur_ :b ' The Times' of J.ondon. , ' J.r ''* '- Colonel Sure!, nerertheleos writes, that Ciilouel Arthur would liovc bees ' rciwivri' from hie arduous, duties but ror the inter- ' position of Lieutenant General Darling. Six months ago his Excellency the Governor of New South Wales was popular in Van Diemen's Land. They saw that he was pretty well spoken of by the newspapers.. Indeed we treated his Excellency very liberally. We were exceedingly forbearing towards his measures, while we had decent cause for being so. We gave him praise as long as we conscientiously could award it: to him. Many errors we declined to notice, because we hoped that his Eaccllency would improve upon us. In short we sup- ported his government as long as we decently could support it; and the Sister Colonists seeing, through the medium of the press. that the people here were tolerably good humoured with the Government, became, we will not say envious, but wishful, that they were as well off with their Lieutenant Governor. Those are the terms in which they express themselves - these are the words of a letter now lying by our side, from a gentleman of Hobart Town:— "If you can spare us General Darling for a few months, we would gladly sacrifice our Independence awhile, to en- joy the advantage of his more enlarged views and OFF-HAND measures!" " Innocent victims ! This letter was written six months since. Many things have occurred during that period, and the sister Colonisis have hsd a taste of the "OFF- HAND" measures of his Excellency Lieutenant-General Darling! We will not, because dare not transcribe passages from letters recently received from the Derwent. General Darling had the blessings once of the Van Diemen's Land people, but now . . . . The most agreeable announcement with which the eves of the colonists have been gladdened for a very long time, is the Com- missariat advertisement for THREE HUNDRED TONS OF SALTED BEEF, AND ONE HUNDRED TONS OF SALTED PORK! This identical advertisement will put twanty thousand pounds into the pockets of the people; and the people arc ready, we see, to open their hearts, and pour forth a torrent of thanksgivings to our new Administration, to hail our fifteen months old government, as the veritable economists of the Colony and , the foundation of mercantile and agricultural prosperity. Yes, a grateful people are ready with their offerings, as they are with their beef and pork, and they expect us to join our voice to theirs, and render unto Cæsar the things that are Cæsar's— so we will, but blisters seize us if we rob an honest man of his due, or bestow our lauda- tions, except where they are merited. Sir Thomas Brisbane is the man. He is an honorable man. Through good report, and through evil report, the faith he plights remains unbroken. He knows the value of "an unconditional promise" too well, to swerve from it, when once made; and to him and to his promises, and to his exertions, are we indebted for an act which will put sixty thousand a year clear gain into the pockets of the merchants and graziers. When will this government do so much? When will the Ladies' Council legislate with so much same- ness? when will they "queen over" as to such a purpose, and enrich the people sixty thousand annually by one single act? It is well knownn to our Readers, for they have suffered materially by the custom, that every prison-ship with its living cargo brought out a cargo of forage, and that provisions for six months after arrival always accompanied every shipment of prisoners: The Commissary thus had his stores periodically or constantly replenished from the meadows of England. Beef and pork grown in England, formed the food, to a great extent of the prisoners who were retained in the service of the Crown and the settlers felt the impolicy of withholding from them the encouragement which they had a right to expect, and which the knew would be given to them if proper representations only reached the Government. Sir Thomas Brisbane, ....pect- ing the Colony, undertook to be the bearer of their represen- tions, on his arrival in England, he recollected, and per- formed his promise. He so far succeeded, that henceforward neither salted beef nor salted pork will be imported in prison ships from England. The Government appear to have got a surfeit of doing business on credit. They are about to sell thirty-two oxen, thirty-one steers, twenty-six male, and twenty- eight female calves, eighty-two cows, twenty-one heifers, and two hundred and eighty wethers, by public auction. The sale is appointed for the tenth of April, and the conditions are three months credit \- only - the credit must be on "GOOD" security this time, not on the bills of the fellows who calculated upon getting hung be- fore they became due, or of those who paid their passage to England by buying cows at ten pounds sterling a head and selling them for five pounds cuireucy — cash. The defalcations though which have attended the former cattle sales are a serious loss, and we sincerely condole with those whose inexperience of the country and the people, occasioned their being made suf- ferers, but allowing the Government cattle to be sold on long credit, to such as had neither a long purse nor a long conscience. If we recollect rightly the amount of the sales — the nominal amount we mean, must have been great, to the tune of some thousands. To supply the deficit will be a sad deduction from the profits of the year for services, and make salary and perquisites look very foolish. There will not be much saved out of the Co- lonists for the year last passed if the Treasury Chest be not taken any liberties with, and be not made the ultimate loser. We must keep our attention on this point; and when taxes are called for, we shall take the liberty of asking to what purposes the proceeds of the sale of Government cattle, at Parramatta, and Newcastle, during the year 1826, have been applied. It will not do to be told that the proceeds have not come to hand. if people will take upon themselves responsibilities, they must also submit to be favored with the consequences. The public must not pay for the faults of their Rulers, they have enough to do to pay for their own. What signifies "the dead loss} of three thousand five hun- deed a year on the government establishment at Emu Plains— a sum which startles our agreeable Correspondent, who is the delight of our Readers! What signifies such a loss at this to the Public? The government gain by it. Yes, to be sure they do - the establishment gives patronage to them ; and patronage brings a herd of adherents. The government could not afford to part with a single supporter; not even a constable ; they could not afford to lose the appointment of one overseer. For, who would there be to praise their measures if all their own pension- ers were withdrawn ? The people are too wise and too honest withal, too John Bull like, to praise measures which have no merit in them. Gratuitous partisans of our existing adminis- tration are not to be found in the Colony. They must all be said to speak against their conscience, and what a lamentable condition our public men would find themselves in, if penal settlements were abolished, if commandancies were determined., if appointments were all made according to the course of the common law, if the Emu Plains establishment were taken out of their hands, if that at Rooty Hill, at Bathurst, at Welling- ton Valley experienced a similar fate, and if all the convenient nurseries for pensioned supporters were broken up. So that the "dead loss" of three thousand five hundred annually — a dead loss which includes only one of the establishments, is of some utility ! What if the wheat at Emu Plains do feed vermin and harbour reptiles it would be a pity to destroy them, when their destruction would involve the ruin of animals, which can be put to some purposes, and which can be rendered useful in some services. Patronage is a fine thing— none know so well its ex- cellency as those who have employed it, and at no cost to them- selves but at the expense of the poor public. Destroy the Emu Plains concern, and see how the ranks of government men would be thinned There would be nobody in that neighbourhood to speak for the government— nobody to say a word in their behalf — nobody who would shake off his sincerity and speak against the truth—- abolish all the wheat growing establishments of go- vernment — disperse all the government herds and flocks, and turn the overseers, great and small, on their own hands, and a goodly number of thousands would be well and truly kept in the public purse; but a goodly number of partisans would be severed from the state party. Three thousand five hundred a year is a sum which, if lost to the public, is not lost in its effects, " it is an ill wind" _____!! Great delicacy has uniformly been shewn by our Magistrates in their capacity of Assessors in the Supreme Court. We have witnessed repeated instances of Magistrates declining to become the members of the Court, whenever plaintiff or defendant seemed to indicate a reluctance to be Judged by them; and we had formed the belief, in consequence of what we had seen, that none would ever allow themselves to constitute a jury, when they might be supposed to have a bias, either from personal or party considerations, or on account of questions being agitated, in which the Magistrates generally or particularly were involved. A case however, which has rather shaken our confidence, occur- red in the Supreme Court on Wednesday and Thursday. Ma- gistrates were tried, and Magistrates were the triers! We are not surprised at the diffident Mr. Carter, J.P., taking his seat as an Assessor on the occasion, when we remember that he must like to see his own example followed, if it were on no other prin- ciple than that "one good turn deserves another." Having little confidence in his own case, he was afraid to throw a chance away, by submitting his fancied wrongs to a "jury of the Coun- try, and preferred claiming of right a J.P. jury, in his a J.P. affair, to a dependence on twelve men. It was not to be sup- posed that he, bashful as he is, would think of retiring, when his brother Justices were before him as defendants, fearing probably it might be taken in after times as a precedent, and that he could not easily persuade two Magistrates that they ought to sit, when Magistrates appeared in something like the character of official suitors in the Supreme 'Court. At his sticking in the box we are not surprised. At Mr. Brown, we are rather astonished; and we can only surmount our astonishment, by the supposition that he did not know before he was sworn, that the action about to be dis- posed of, was an action against sundry Justices of the Peace, for alledged misconduct in their Magisterial Office. Mr. Brown has at times expressed his unwillingness to take part in investiga- tions in the result of which he had, or it might be imagined he had even a remote interest or feeling, and we think he would have done the like the other day, had he been apprised of the situation of things. The bias which esprit de corps almost inevitably and involun- arily produces on the mind of man, is far stronger than the hope of pecuniary gain, and if a Justice of the Peace feel himself unable to resist the temptation which a trifling profit oc- cassions, or which indeed a friendly feeling towards one, or a [?hostile] feeling towards another may produce, he cannot think himself competent to adjudge maters of difference, wherein the passions claim some sway, and in which the honor of the members of corps is involved. The occurrence which we ??? is the first of its kind, we maintain strong expectations that the regular and constitutional mode of Trial by Jury will for long be be established in the Supreme Court, and that a similar cause of complaint will not arise in Botany Bay. The merit of the individual verdict does not affect our scruples, else we should have them removed by the verdict of Thursday. We argue on principle, and contend that Justice should not only be pure, but should be administer- ed in such a way, that suspicion of its purity cannot by pos- sibility arise. Two other Magistrates sat on the following day in a similar case. They, however, had a precedent be- fore them; yet it was not without a struggle that they were induced to remain in Court as the Assessors. Mr. Hely is appointed a Member of the Ticket of Leave Board, in the room of J.T. Campbell, whose protracted indisposition prevents his attendance with his coadjutors. At a Meeting of the Turf Club some further preparatory arrangements for the approaching Meeting have been made, and three new Members proposed, viz. Messrs J. T. Camp- bell, J. Hassell, and J. Reddall. For the sporting intelli- gence we refer our Readers to the advertisement. Mr. Wemyss, our respected Deputy Commissary General is about to proceed to Van Diemen's Land. He is a mate- rial witness against a man named Childs, charged with the forgery of Commissariat Bills, a long time ago. It appears that representations, and probably with a great deal of exaggeration have been made to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, that it is not advisable to allow prisoners to be assigned to the Inhabitants of Sydney. The towns folk, if this be true, most help themselves to servants as they can. If they cannot meet with free people they must wait upon them- selves; attend to their horses, and build their own houses. This is the road to prosperity, and this is the Government for discovery. A reasonable discretion exercised in dealing out prisoners would be creditable, for we think the town is overrun with idle and dissolute vagabonds; but surely it is not intended that the improvements of the town and business of the resi- dents should be interrupted, because our "Active" Government cannot find means to restrain outrages. Make an efficient police. It is not for want of good establishment of Peace Officers that danger and depredation are to be feared from an encreasing pri- son population. The work of destruction is still kept up among the shrubs in the government domain. There is some inconsistency in the government in regard to those shrubs. We have seen ladies and children, with a handful of flowers stopped by the the gate-keepers, and deprived of their small collection, amounting to a dozen twigs, because strict orders have been issued, prohibiting all persons from plucking the flowers of the shrubs. When flowers are plentiful, and though the surest way of keeping plants long in bloom is to gather the flowers. It is held sacrilege to collect a small bouquet for a drawing room or parlour ornament. But no notice is taken, if the profane hand of the wood- cutter felt he tree, cut down the shrub, as well as the flower. The sentry is now removed from the battery round the point, and the man who occupies that quarter, is making a regular clearance not unobserved, for that cannot be, but unnoticed or unchecked. If he keep up his diligence two or three months, we may expect to see Mrs. Macquarie's delight turned into barren- ness. The fine grown shrubs are fast disappearing, and the domain, which is so much admired for that beauty, which the romantic hand of nature aided with Mrs. Mac- quaries' taste, has so beautifully formed, and will present no- thing but bare and rocky precipices, and become a monu- ment of the carelessness, inattention, and indifference, of those, who, if they cannot improve it, ought at least not to allow it to be destroyed. We were in hopes that the go- vernment intended to increase the utility of this Botany Bay Park, and without interfering with its romantic sce- nery, render it more extensively beneficial to the health and recreation of the Sydney residents. Some time ago a car- riage road was talked of, and it was to have been made accessible to the public, much after the same plan as Hyde Park is to the Londoners. But all these fine things have become airy nothings, and a watchman or a keeper of some sort or other, is allowed to go on uninterruptedly in cutting down for his fire or for sale, the finest ornaments in the whole range of the domain. The following advertisement appears in the Hobart Town Ga- zette,: — "Caution. — If F. Murray, who engaged himself as servant to D. A. C. G. Roberts, does not restore forthwith the blankets and blunderbuses, the property of that gentleman, as well as account for the money he has received, legal steps will immediately be taken for the recovery." It may not be known to advertisers, and to publishers of Newspapers, that announcements of this kind are illegal, and that the author and publisher are liable to a penalty of fity pounds each. This hint will be useful. We have heard that Mr. Therry, the Roman Catholic Clergy- men, is prohibited from visiting prisoners in ths gaol, when un- der sentence of death. The Rev. gentleman proceeded to the gaol gaol, a few mornings since, to attend a call which had been made on him by some unfortunate being in that prison. It was then intimated to him that he must discontinue his visits in future. This is pitiful conduct. The Government, it appears, are about to undertake the com- pletion of the Roman Catholic Chape!. This io is pursuance of commands from England. No further delay will be allowed ; and "Tenders" are accordingly advertised for, from persons willing to contract for roofing and flooring the chapel, and making windows, &c.; The "Tenders" are to be conveyed to the Co- lonial Secretary's Office on the twenty-seventh inst. Our Reporter says that the Superintendent off Police is deter- mined to hold publicans responsible for the losses which their customers may sustain, by having their pockets picked. We suppose the Superintendent cannot alter the law on the subject. There are occasions when a publican is liable to make amends; but there are also occasions when he is not so liable. The dis- tinction must of course be attended to. We have to record a melancholy instance of the danger to which passengers in the street are liable, on account of dogs being most unwarrantably allowed to be at large. On Tuesday morning last, a fine little boy, the son of a widow woman named Seaton, living on the Church Hill, whilst passing by the govern- ment wind- mill, on his way to school, was attacked by a dog, and torn so severely, that when extricated from the savage animal the poor lad was not sensible, and appeared to be in a dying state. A surgeon was sent for, and though he ascertained that the boy had not received a mortal bite, he is of opinion that he will be a cripple for life. The same animal we learn, attacked two other children, on previous occasions, and seriously injured both. A spacious house and premises is in a course of building, at Mettigang, on the road to the New Country. This house when finished is intended for an Inn. A license has already been pro- mised for it. Persons who occasionally proceed to the New Country have long complained of a want of accommodation on the road. The present undertaking will therefore be very ac- ceptable to travellers in that part, where nothing in the shape of a habitation is visible for two to three days stages. George Cutter is the owner of the house. The native black, called Bullirex, in whose possession it may be recollected, some portions of human flesh were found, sup- posed to be of the body of a murdered stockman, was discharged from the gaol on Wednesday lust. He had been confined for several months, but he never underwent a trial. The fellow ac- quired some knowledge of English while in gaol, and could talk intelligibly. He returned to his tribe at Boong Boong, under the care of a constable. A report reached Sydney on Tuesdav morning that the party who, we stated, had gone in pursuit of bushrangers, had fallen in with two of the men who escaped from the Hulk, and who were charged with the offence of piracy. This we ascertained to be incorrect ; but we find that two men were taken in the vicinity of Dobroyd. They were ordinary runaways. The five pirates who are at large were last heard of near the Nepean. It is be- lieved that they changed their route which, they were pursuing to the New Country, as they obtained information of constables, &c.; being in pursuit of them. Some depredations have been committed in places supposed to have been visited by them. -The Police are on the look out the Nepean way. The principal streets in Syduey were lighted up with lamps on Wednesday evening; they, however, made a very miser- able show. The only brilliancy observable being the brilliancy of the moon. Before the night had half elapsed, nearly the whole of the lights were evanescent. They were either blown out or had burnt out. It seems that the latter was the case, and not on account of too much air, but because they had too little The lamps are a bad construction, and the ventilation is not sufficent, They are intended to be taken down and remodelled. We hear that the rain has been pretty general up country. Vegetation begins to shew something of its influence. The trial of Puckeridge, Holmes, Sueld, and Lee took place yesterday. It was for the murder of a man named Cooey. The trial lasted m pst of the day; and the Jury found Puckeridge and Holmes guilty, and acquitted the other two. The former two were ordered for execution on Monday. The Benevolent asylum contains ninety-two persons, of both sexes. The funds of this charity also afford relief to thirty other persons, who are out-door claimants, on the funds of the Insti- tution. The building at present appropriated to the purposes of the Asylum, is very inadequate, and is far from meeting the views of the benefactors of the humane Institution. A few of the poor inmates are employed as daily labour, for the benefit of the Asylum. A board signifying where a constable may be procured, is ordered by the Superintendent of Police, to be affixed to each of the dwellings of constables in Sydney. The building intended for the new Police Office, adjoining to the Market-palce, is being proceeded with rapidly. It is expected that at will be fit for use in a month, say six months. By that time the new Court House perhaps may be finished. A newly licensed house opposite the Market-place has been designated by the proprietor, "the London Tavern." The materials of which the Government Windmill, situate near the Military Hospital is composed, are advertised by the Government to be sold by auction not he twentieth instant. The ship Union, from England for this Colony is daily expected. The Sydney Packet succeeded in obtaining a full cargo of ele- phant oil, on Macquarie Island. She has sailed we learn for Rio Janeiro, and may be expected here in a few months, with a cargo of Brazilian produce. The brig Lord Rodney was filling up with oil when the Per- severance left Macquarie Island. Sjip News — On Tuesday sailed the Colonial brig Perse- verance, Mr. William Kinnear, master, from Macquarie Island the 14th ult. Lading, 70 tons of elephant oil. Wednesday sailed H. M.S. Rainbow, Honorable Captain Rous, for New Zealand. 