The-European Intelligence which has been brought by the Prince Regent, &c;, i3 not of such an interesting natureasto in duce us to alter our arrangements, for the sake of admitting it in the. present Number. Some new restrictions on the Pi ess, we hear, are in pro gress. This hostility to the. Colonial Journals lias already been carried vastly too far, but we 'do hope the day of re tribution is at hand. We do sincerely hope that those whose hatred to the free institutions of Englishmen leads them into unjustifiable excesses, are about to meet their reward ! It does riot appear that the' Colonists of New South Wales can.be encouraged to look for any assistance from either the Home or -the Colonial Government 'to any of their plans. Every useful suggestion must originate with themselves, and be put into practice by themselves, otherwise they can never liopc to see an undertaking promoted or flourish. -The Advertisement which is dated from the Police-office of \- Sydney is a proof of this. The artisans of England have 'been,'arid'perhaps are yet in a state next to starvation. In dustrious artisans in New South Wales can live in comfort, surrounded with plenty; and there is not only room, ./or more, but the needs of the Colony are such, that innumerable undertakings are at a stand still for want of them. ' It seems .that communications to this effect have reached Downirig street, and a special application to the English Government has been made on behalf equally of ; the miserable mechanics of England and of the capitalists and residents generally of New South Wales ; and it seems too, ' that My Lord Bathursf has conj ured . up insurmountable difficulties, in the way of. afford ing aid on one side or on.the other. Two obstacles are point ed, out— obstacles which are substantially but-one and the same obstacle— namely, the difficulty of preventing unworthy objects being selected, and the difficulty of selecting worthy objects as a cargo of emigrating .mechanics to this Colony, at the expense of the English Government, ; and, these ob stacles are deemed of sufficient force, independent xjf the heavy expense of carriage, «!y*c. to prevail over the obvious good which would accrue by their introduction here. to the Colonial interests. II^c thep, we have a decisive proof of the. total disinclination of the Home 'Authorities to favour emigration to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land; arid'here we .have enough to satisfy us that emigration com mittees and emigration plans, are exclusively directed towards Canada, and that what our London correspondent informed us is really true, that the inquiries of the Emigration Com mittee were not intended to have reference to these Colonies* and that Mr.-W. Ilorton more than once checked questions of such a-tendency, though TVIr. Wilmot Horton affected to be- seriously -offended at being so easily fathomed, and at seeing it represented in print, that .'ho had no disposition *o enter.depply into' matters affecting New South Wales/ - There is,' notwithstanding, great kindness evinced in the Notice of « the' Secretary of State for the Colonies I'. If the people here will, of their own accord and by their own in genuity and knowledge; render' that practicable which the Secretary of- State has represented to be ,«? impracticable,' and if the Colonists will pay all or nearly all of the ' heavy expenses which would ? result from the- measure,'- namely, *♦ the .expenses out' of the artisans, why then the Right Honorable Gentleman pledges his Majesty's Government, at least assures us that *',his Majesty's Government would be disposed to assist in carrying the measure into effect !' or, in other, words, his Majesty's Government will just do what any private agent of the Colonists, ' who wished to import mechanics, would perforrn I This is in. truth a magnificent offer; and the people of the Colony must be highly delighted at the disinterested kindness of '.the Secretary of State for the Colonies ! ? - -~ ' ? But let us ask where lies the ' impracticability' of choos ing well behaved mechanics, and of excluding from the bene fit of an offer, all who cannot be recommended. for ;t heir in dustry and good conduct ? Are not well-behaved and at Unlivc workmen known in their- neighbourhood? are not llit; masters in whose service they have been employed able' lo judge' of their merits and 'their qualification.?? an-l would it be -jtule impracticable \o ' teceivo inoti for exportation on wtll authenticated and' satisfactory, certificate';? Out upon surh horis'nse ! Disinclination — expense — and a variety ci ftelingfl occasion much of the impracticability — but it is po litic, to rest the blume where there ft au appearance of sound 'reason for so doing I ? ' - The Home GoTernment, if they had chosen to be obliging,' might with the greatest ease have forwarded hither a dozen or two of good mechanics — Kif poor men who are destitute and starving in England — by each of the prison-ships ; or they might have chartered three or 'four' ships, at intervals, of six months, and' packed off thirty, or forty at a time, with' their families; and the utmost expense need not to, have '.ex- ceeded ten thousan4 pounds. When the mechanics arrived,, they might have become their own masters, and have got employment- as'they plc'asedi Even conditions might have been imposed upon them for the repayment, in the.course.of time, of part at least of their passage money, into the hands of Government. Unless some of our rich Colonists consider themselves in a condition, and are able to evince, without injury, to. them- selves, disinterestedness enough to do that which the Home Government have declined doing— namely, import mechanics by means of their own contributions and other public subscrip tions— .we are decidedly adverse to ari'y scheme adopted upon the combined exertions of .individuals. .'Binding mechanics by .Indentures, .to nristers, for term of J years, is. a bad plan, and will never be productive of satisfaction to the employers, rfhe compulsory receipt of small, wages, where others are re ceiving large wages, leads only to discontent, perverts the mind of the best workman, and teaches him only to manoeuvre so as to berid himself of Ids engagement. A grateful disposi ? tiori might withstand numerous temptations, and remain un tainted with the spirit of repining ; but gratitude is not, in uncultivated minds, often found capable - of resisting the al lurements of self-interest ; and we* should expect to find a cargo of mechanics imported under indentures, generally speaking, exercising theii .ingenuity to annoy their employ ers, to be released from . their bond,- rather than to turn out excellent work as a reward to their masters, and in repayment for their bringing them into the Colony. Every one knows tliat wliat we advance is peifectly true. America furnishes us with proofs in abundance-— 30 does Canada j and, nearer Home — so does the Australian Agricul tural Company. The disputes and jarrings between the me chanics and their ostensible employer — the manifold bicker ings and mutual discontents, are quite sufficient to convince any unbeliever thatt'apprentice laws fhay'do for master and youth, but that no laws and no engagements between em ployer and mechanic, formed on the principle of the Appren tice Laws, will or can operate well for tlie purposes herein ad verted to. ' ' If mechanics can be encouraged to come. to the Colony, or if they can by a combination of individual means : (as Go vernhient will afford no aid), be imported, they will prove highly serviceable ; but it is our firm belief that 'they must be free and unshackled, and not bound 'down by indentures or contracts, or prevented in any wise erriploy ing themselves according to their own will, and as they think most, condu cive to their benefit. If this opinion be subscribed to by those to whom it is addressed, neither settlers nor residents ' of any description will find it worth their while to'pay attention to the Notice which has emanated /rom the Secretary of State for the Colonies; found its way through the Secretary's Office here, and made public at the instance of the Magisterial attendants at the Police-office. There is nothing, however, which-heed prevent the -public voice being used, to express the disappointment of the Colonists, , at the reluctance of the .Home ; Government : to meet in any, degree their wishes or their hopes,' on this important branch of emigration. '. ' ' ' We' beg to call the attention of our. Readers to the letter Avhich is signed. P. W.,- and which appears in a preceding column. This letter is written in justification of the recent importation of wheat from South' America^ ' , . We confess we do not agree with P. W. on any one point but the last; and in his recommendation to the settlers to pay their arrears of wheat to the government, now while wheat' is cheap, we fully concur. It is rational enough, and just such advice as every individual who is in a condition to profit of, should be wise enough, to adopt.. P. W. forgets, .that most of, those who have wheat cannot afford :t6 sell it sixpence below the market price, even, to attain a public good, nor are there many who could be so accommodating to their neighbours, the debtors of the government, as to give twelve months credit. The farmers, for the most part, want the money for the merchants, whoses patience, by trie, time harvest comes round, , is pretty well tried, and who could not, very good'humouredly or very conveniently, become subscribing'suppqrters to the proposition thus started. As far, however, as the payment of wheat to'government is practi cable, so far ought' it to' be fulfilled now, as 'the most favorable .opportunity of- getting rid of a ge rious creditor: .' , ' P. W. appears to deceive himself,/ when he as serts that a portion of the wheat imported by the Elizabeth was intended for seed wheat. For if, it were so intended, how happens it that no public notice was made to this effect, and how happens it that it is a matter of regret with our -Correspon- dent, that the owners of the cargo did not adopt the means of notifying to settlers, that tho -wheat was designed for seed and not for the mill? There is, in truth, no disguising the object' proposed when -the 6,000 bushels were received on 'board. Misinformation as to^the atate o¥UhV Colony occa sioned the purchase of the cargo, and no doubt it wa3 expected to prove a good tiling both for the importers and tho public. And we think, in' the presofl4.;insfance, it would be going- father- Jar with j our c-unsures, ifVe.woro to blame the importers for what they have clono. ' Besides, disinterestedness is not so comrnou-a'.viriuc*, as lo-giye us reason to expect to find private ventures conducted on the principle, at all times, of .public good, or that public convenience will be preferred by the trader to indi vidual advantage. Alan does not always calculate with accuracy .or {remember 'himself so often as ho ought as a member of society. flis own -interest is blended wilh the interest of the community, but not always obviously so, and, therefore, he is too apt to consider it rather as distinct and separate, than united with, and in a' groat degree dependent on the general prosperity. But whatever may be the effect of importing wheat into this Colony, the introduction of 'tlie ,'6,000 bushels was evidently owing to an incorrect representation of the state of the Colony; and without attempting to controvert the prevailing opinibn as to the injurious influence of the foreign wheat cargo, our Correspondent would have acted commendably. had- he- rested- the ?justification of. the importers -on that single fact. Whether the' :*afgo 'be 'small or' largo, it still has an injurious .tendency tif-w:e have. a surplus quantity of home grown wheat in the Colony, or' a suffici ency for our use without it. - It is strenuously maintained, by P. W., that if objections exist a'gninst importing South American wheat, so ought they to be maintained against the wheat of Van Diemen's Land. This is a favorite opinion with many, and our landholders naturally join in the cry against. the importation of Derwent wheat. This prejudice is not altogether just, or: rather this importation admits of palliation. South American wheat must be paid for in hard dollars. Derwent wheat* on the contrary, promotes ari eic tensive; and, perhaps, we' may justly add an ad vantageous commerce with and to, this Colony. Our maize is partly taken in exchange for wheat, and on no occasion is money paid for it ; on the con trary, many a merchant receives it as a remittance for something or other which he. has sent from this Colony, and on which he derives a profit — a profit that helps to .enrich the .community and- en crease the general wealth. „ , 'We are therefore apt to think that .the wheat trade carried on between Van l' Daemon's Land and New South Wales, is to a certain degree misap jprehended, and that instead of its proying^an un mitigated injury, ~b*y deteriorating the price of our pt-oduce, it is in some respects, beneficial, as it encourages an' intercourse which is profitable to a class in this Colony. Wheat/ it must be remem bered, can not be raised in. Van Diemen's Land, at even so small a coit as wheat can be grown' here, because labour, and all tlie' expenses of cultiva tion, are higher there than . here, and - the Der wenters will prefer any market to this, so long as any other market will afford them a -better price ; and this will mostly happen, except ( in seasons which pf ove unfortunate for the crops of New South Wales. 'As to the value of $puth Amprican wheat for seed, why,' little need be said on that score. Derwent wheat is 'quite, good enough, for this purpose, it, is infinitely wiser in our farmers to be contented .'with that, so long as the .receivers of it promote trade, than to give away their dumps without affording the Colony a fair means of return. We fully agree with our Correspondent in the view he takes of the demand of duty and wharfage. Wharfage, we thought; had been. abolished ; and it is not, certainly, in the power of any one in the Colony to order the demand to be made in one in_i stance and not in 'another. If wharfage be legal, it must be exacted from all or from none. So'with duties. The Act of Parliament is the only guide, and it cannot be dispensed with on any occasion. ' By a recent arrival from the Society Islands, we. hear that a revolution, of a religious nature, has lately engaged the at tention of the inhabitants of 'Tahiti. It appears that two na tive teachers have started up, saying they have been inspired by the Holy Ghost, to teach the Tahiteans a new and improved religion, very superior to the Christian. ' At any rate it seems more adapted to their sensual understanding,' than any other j as one church (the Rev. Mr. Darling's) has, we believe, been quite deserted, on account of the great number of converts to the new-fangled doctrines of the reformers. We look with curiosity for the next accounts. . Mr. Frederick Garling has been appointed Landing Waiter, and has commenced the duties of his office. ?*Mr. Riley, of Raby, ^ias disposed of nearly all his Saxon rams, this season, at 30/: and 3j7. each.. , . The wheat about Airds and Bunbury Curran, we are given to understand, will not be half a crop. The late rains came too late to be of much service, in that district. Three vessels had sailed from England for these Colonies when the Prince Regent left. They were the ship Eliza, with male, and the Champion and Paton, with female pri- soners; the two latter were put up direct for New South Wales, and the Eliza for Van Diemen's Land. Otaheite is intended to be the next trip of the Industry brig, belonging to Messrs. Cooper and Levy, in order to procure a cargo of the produce of that island. Among the articles of Colonial produce intended for the London market, by the Elizabeth, are eighty tons of flax-seed, the largest export of the kind that has hitherto been made from the Colony. Mr. Hamilton Hume set off from town on Tuesday, on a new journey of discovery into the interior. There appear to be more of the paltry wooden moveable houses, which throw a discredit on the town of Sydney, in George-street, the most public street, than in any other part. Madame Rens has lately constructed one of those timber dwellings, encroaching on the footway contiguous to the old Orphan School, nearest to Mr James Underwood's resi- dence, for which Madame R. not many months ago paid a handsome price. It is not on wheels, nor on a stage, as ready to be put out of the way on occasion, but on a first well put together basement of stone, and looks as if intended to be a fixture, and on that account the more to be reprobated. It may, however, be intended as a kind of garde house, till the new one, which Madame R. seems to be about raising, shall become habitable. We should not be surprised at soon having to witness a row of similar structures ignobly oc- cupying that side of George street, to the Lumber-yard. The wealthy Knight, it is said, contemplates shortly pulling down that abode of good cheer, the Sydney Arms Hotel, and all that row of antique masonry lying between Messrs. Aspinall and Brown's and Mrs. Reynolds' premises, and raising on their remains a row of uniform and substantial dwellings. Part of the Elizabeth's cargo of South American wheat has been purchased by Mr. Robert Cooper. A correspondent says Mr. Cooper would not be favourable, at any time, to- wards purchasing foreign grain, for the purpose of distilling from it, even admitting- that he were to obtain it at a much lower price than the indigenous at tide could be, produced r.t solil for, was it not for having an tin wise :md inadequate duly prematuioly. imposed upon him, .^jfyich he could not axpect to disburse with any degree of profit pro poiiioned to his oat lay of capital and labour* did he not sei/.c the chance which 'offered of purchasing thu foreign article at a rate whidh pry ? miscd to be at the leai»t remunerating-. This undoubtedly was Mr. Cooper's reason for buying up 'whatever foreign wheat h-j may have purchasdclj and, considering, had the Elizabeth's entire cargo of wheat gone into Mr. Cooper's stores, it woulci have constituted but a small proportion of hi3 probable an nual consumption, were that consumption to be urvimped«'t by restrictive duties, and that the wheat -must Have beea eventually bought up .and dispsrsed through the ^country, Mr. Coojx-r, perhaps, in securing- what portion of it ha may have secured, did only, what any other man shfularly , circumstanced would have done. However, so loi:» as our agricultural .wants can be supplied, so' regularly and abun - dantly as at present, we do not hope to see or hear of man/ such future cargoes 'pouring a glut into our markets! ?? The repairs of (he Church at Nuu'uusife, are in an advanced state — the hviIIs having- been already aiiffi ciently strengthened to enable t lie1 Reverend I'*. Wil kinson, to commence his sacred functions within them, without those apprehensions which, 'iip'on every g«v.;c of wind, were formerly entertained fur ihe 6&fciy; or' the edifice. Divine serrioe h-ts .ilri'aily been perform^i there by th«* Revercn'l Geulleni.in, for four or fiv^ Sundays past, ami tho ;tCteii(litiict! of I ha government: gangs has been strictly enfo:g.fd, both at moc»Jn-»- and afternoon ^service. It., must have beoti grati .fying- to him to witness the decorum and evident g'oo.'l feeling-, with which his impressive - (iiscniir&es; ? wei -s generally leciMved by that p«irt of tliu «*onyj-p^a:iof-. Mr. M-.tcksiy, the Superintendent, is entitled W much praise For, the cleanliness and orderly ushitviouf at church of tltfese persons now under bis sole control. The clothing' of'thb g-reatcr number of these is uiucb more decent than could be expected, ivheiKit is re collected that thu half- yearly serving- of slops frhidi became due the beginning' of the present month (Sep tember);1 haB not yet- taljcn place ; anil that a great portion of the gangs work .in the coal mines, irhcns the ill-made and scanty Parrnmatla frocks and Iron ? serf-, with which they arc usually supplied, have. but littlu chance of lasting half the time 'for which they arc issued. It ought not to be a' matter of surprUc to tho Authorities, to hearth.it coals are occasionally stolen from the mines, by the labourers there, it may be presumed for the purpose of raising means to pro cure clothing1 to cover.their n:ike»!ne--si . After a continual employment in Bass's Straits for 'nine months past, the sealing gang- belonging to Messrs. Cooper and Levey had not, we are informed, succeeded in procuring more than between sixty and seventy- skins. Sealing in these straits has of late become a rather unprofitable pursuit. We fear this is as mainly owing to the too general and per nicious practice of destroying the pups, as well as the old wigs, whilst pupping as to natural causes. On Macquarie Island, which swarmed with seals a few short years ago, there is now scarce a solitary one to be seen. Two persons named , Westpn, ' father, and son, ware brought down fiom Bathurst yesterday, under the escort of a party of mounted -police, and lodged in the gaol here, both of them upon charge? of cattle stealing. '' . '- Power, the Informer, it seems rides about .the .district of Bathurst, with' an ' escort, informing against, and causing- 1& be apprehended all .those who may or may* not have bten implicated in tranbactions of cattle stealing for years pas\\. Twenty-seven persons are now m custody on Power's in-* formation?! . ' The market qn Thursdays* till within a week -or .two, did. not open till seven o'clock in the morning. It now 'opens at six, which arrangement is meant to continue during lha en suing-long days of summer. 