A Ride to the Wharf Letter 1. I mounted my pale horse precisely at five minutes past ten A. M. appearing terrible as death himself to my foes. The morning was hot and sultry, but being an ardent admirer of the picturesque, to gratify my- self in this respect, I resolved on encoun- tering every difficulty. When opposite to the Lumber-yard, I turned my courser's head towards the north, resolved on reach- ing the wharf at all hazards. The journey I knew to be long and difficult, but the love of glory overbalanced every other con- sideration. At the south west corner of the Old Orphan-school, I observed a stall richly laden with the fruits of the season. This pleasing exhibition arrested my attention, and I reflected that 30 years ago neither peaches, apricots, nectarines, plums, cher- ries, apples, quinces, pears, nor any other of the delicious viands which were before me were to be found in the land, but man had transplanted these vegetable luxuries into a barren wilderness, where each species of fruit, like a skilful chemist, decomposed and absorbed such of the elements of matter as were best calculated to afford them nu- trition. From these reflections I was roused by the groups of children who came to lay out their money, to the best advantage, whilst my attention was attracted on my left by the sound of Billy Blue's voice, who was at the same instant twirling a stick which he had betwixt his fingers and thumb. Just as I raised my head to observe his grotesque appearance the tobacconist glided past me like a terrified ghost, and vanished in an in- stant. I was struck with his haggard ap- pearance, and could not account for the tremulous rapidity of his motions, however I resolved to ascertain the cause of this phenomenon. Passing onwards till I arrived between the Orphan-school and the main- guard, I could not but admire the figure which was here presented to the eye of my imagination. Here a temple had been raised where youth had been taught in every thing that was calculated to make them useful members of society; there the warriors of England were placed, ready to hurl her thunders against the foe who would dare to invade the sanctity of her institutions. I passed on a little farther, and found myself opposite the Gazette Office. Ah! I ex- claimed, thrice happy Australia, for thee thy Governors have allowed the pen to do more than the sword, but should the sound of war ever be heard on thy plains, they will find the loyalty of thy sons untarnished, and if they should fall, it will be "With their backs to the field and their feet to the foe, And leaving in battle no blot on their name, Look proudly in heaven from the death bed of fame." I was about to depart from the temple which had been dedicated to the press, when I saw a crowd of workmen pouring out, for by this time it was the dinner hour, and I was sur- prised at the jolly smiling countenances which they exhibited, so unlike their bre- thren of the trade in England. The in- ference I drew was simple and natural they are well treated. The piety of the mas- ter is discovered in the rosy countenances of his men. In vain I looked for the fat chubby Scotsman; I could not discern him from the others. I left the interesting group with emotions of pleasure, rememberieg the lan- guage of Johnson, " Tis, to the press and pen we mortals owe All that we learn, ans almost all we know." The next place which arrested my attention was an elegant mansion on my right, and on my left a splendid pile which had been some time begun. Upon enquiry, I found they were both the property of Mr. James Underwood, the one his residence, and that the other, which was in a state of progress, was intended for a theatre. This was an in- teresting spectacle, and highly worthy of being noticed. I knew that erections of this kind in England required a considerable number of shareholders, so my admiration was greatly excited when I found that in Sydney an individual could be found pos- sessed of such an unbounded spirit of enter- prise. Here, said I, the poetical talents of a Wentworth will have full scope, and the sa- cred Nine will find a secure asylum. In a land like this the dramatist requires no more than encouragement, in order to infuse the charm of novelty into his productions. All nature in this singular portion of the globe, exhibits a different appearance from what she does in those parts of the world where the painter and the poet have exhausted her most hidden recesses in order to exhibit something new. Here the case is widely different, for the pencil and pen remain yet to exhibit her glories. In proceeding on my journey, I passed a public-house on the left. Such places as these, I said to myself, are not the goodliest to inhale inspiration. In them the castalian springs are no where to be found. A little farther on, the gaol ex- hibited its dreary front, and the gibbet seemed to o'ertop the whole. Here, I thought, is an object for the philosopher to consider. To some its gates are the entrance to death. Humiliating consideration! But as it was; in the beginning so it now is, for by sin alone death entered into the world. In musing on this drear, abode, I considered that even here the man of God often effected the reformation of the wicked. This con- sideration dispelled the gloom which had overspread my mind, as I found that it was not always, nor even frequent, that the con- demned criminal has reason to die without hope. This single consideration assured me that his was not a transition from life to death, but from death to immortality. Riding farther on, the warehouse of Mr. Spark pre- sented itself to my view, and it was not with- out emotions of real pleasure that I wit- nessed the prosperity which had attended the enterprises of a good man. IIere, how- ever I came within sight of the snuff mer- chant's, which gave a new turn to my ideas, as I was anxious to ascertain the cause of the phenomenon which I had witnessed du- ring a former part of my journey. I could descry Bungaree moving about in his uni- form, with a pipe in his cheek and a waddie stuck under his left arm. His gins and the rest of his tribe were ranged in front of the tobacconist's shop, and they seemed as if they had just purchased a supply of the de- leterious weed, for volumes of smoke were steaming from their dingy lips. But I was particularly struck with the appearance of a number of constables, with their chief, who was never known to take a bribe, at their head. I saw the gaunt unearthly look of the tobacconist gliding to and fro, and I guessed that he had detected some case of smuggling, from the perturbation which he was in, and from knowing that on a former occasion he proposed plans to prevent this species of public robbery ; or that the constables had detected ————— I was so much amused that I took up my abode at — for the night, with the resolution of pursuing my journey to the wharf early the ensuing morning. Z. Y. X. In our last we briefly noticed the slaying of twelve black natives in the vicinity of Hunter's River - We have succeeded in ob- taining some fresh light on the subject. It is now reported that a flock of sheep, the property of Mr. Cory, a respectable settler, was attacked by a set of dogs belonging to the natives. The shepherd, whilst in the act of driving the animals off, saw a spear closely pass him. Being alarmed, he made for his hut, and soon sallied forth, accompa- nied by a fellow servant; each having a gun. On coming up to the sheep, they were encountered by a large party of natives, with their spears shipped, and every demon- stration of open war. The shepherds, as our information goes, afraid to attack such numbers, gradually retreated to their mas- ter's dwelling, where they were joined by others of their fellow servants; and the whole party now being armed, they went forth to protect the sheep. The natives came forward, and were so bold as to rush on the points of the muskets. Not content with this, the work of throwing spears, when the whites, in their own defence, then began firing, which was followed up until the black tribe vanished, leaving 12 of their brethren slain on the field. Such is the report, which, if true, cannot be found fault with; on the contrary, the men deserve the highest praise for their conduct. But, nevertheless, we should have been more satisfied with the tale had some of the Europeans been speared, or if they could have exhibited any marks of violence from the opposite side. We are not yet satisfied. 