THE COUNTRY POST (He is the friend of His Country who lets in most light upon its condition). Launceston.— On Tuesday as a man was travelling from Hobart- town to Launceston, about 5 miles from this place, some blacks that were stationed on a little hill by the road side, threw a num- ber of spears at him. Four of them entered his body in different places, & wounded him severely but not dangerously. A party was immediately dispatched in pursuit of the blacks, but they disap- peared so quick that the could not any where be seen. They have some extraordinary method of concealing themselves, for nothing is so difficult as to overtake them. They run over the wildest passes on all fours, almost as fleet as dogs, and conceal themselves in holes, and trunks of trees, or behind stones, and though you may see them at a distance and run up to the place where they are, not a vestige of them will be found. It is much to be wished that the experiment of capturing two or three of them could be tried, who on being properly instructed, might again mix with their as- sociates, and form some compact or peaceable arrangement, so as to quell their present violent, but we trust temporary, animosity. Methven—The Aborigines have not been in this district since our last. We trust a long time will elapse before we shall again hear of their hostile attacks in this quarter. On the 11th instant, Edward Hangan commonly called Hannigan; was fully committed for trial, by Mr. Anstey, Police Magistrate for Oatlands, on the two capital charges of robbing Mr. Maclanachan's Hut, Salt-pan plains on the 16th; and stealing sheep from Peerwell, Constitution- hill on the 22d ultimo. A third charge of robbing Mr. Brodribb, junior, on Constitution Hill on the 2nd instant, of his horse and mo- ney was not entered upon. Great credit is due to constables Tattersall and Holmes for the apprehension of this wretched youth. These excellent constables waited patiently in the scrub on Con- stitution- hill several days and nights in succession, never shewing themselves to any body. At length on the 4th instant, they saw Hangan, creeping on all fours among the bushes, and presently ap- prehended him. In his pocket they found plenty of ball cartridge, and a small quantity, of gunpowder recently wetted, tied up in a rag, no doubt for the purpose of again blackening his face, prepa- tatory to an attack on another passenger. That he is the person who has committed many of the late robberies, is established most satisfactorily. The powder flask found on his person, when appre- hended by Tattersall and Holmes on Constitution-hill, was identi- fied by Mr. Maclanachan as his property, and the gun which Han- gan pointed at Mrs. Maclanachan was found, upon a search Warrant, granted by Mr. Anstey, in a house on the Blackman river. Upper Clyde.-The horse stolen from Mr Sharland, at the Penny- royal swamp, Cornwall and for the recovery of which a reward was lately advertised, was last week at Lake Sorell on the Table Mountain. It is now in Mr Curtin's stabe at Bothwell town. The poor animal has been ill used, and is very lame. Lower Clyde, December 5 1827. The season here has been so much unlike any other that I have met with during s residence of some years in the colony, that I am inclined to think some of the particulars may be acceptable to your readers. We have not had rain since the 7th of August, ex- cept flying showers, and of those not enough to benefit a garden. The consequence is, from long drought - hot winds by day, and lately, severe frosts by night, our highly promising crops are now looking very indifferent ; the English grasses are entirely burned up and useless, - my potatoes have been cut off three times, and all grain is looking sickly, - -the gooseberries, currants and rasp- berries, of which there was a remarkably fine shew, are all gone ; not a peach, apricot, nectarine or a plum left, a few strawberries, cherries and apples, are the only remains left us, and those scanty indeed. I have just been through this district, and find every body has been equally a sufferer. Yesterday evening we had a most tremendous storm of thunder and lightning ; a little rain fol- lowed, but not sufficient to be even of use to the garden. A num- ber of the natives were in Blackman's valley about five days ago, six miles from here. I hope they, will not come any nearer, for our defence is very limited. We have no Field Police nearer than Mr. Cawthorne's, fourteen miles distance. A SETTLER. P. S. The settlers are in great spirits, in the hopes of getting the roads repaired. They have come forward and subscribed above £100 towards carting the materials. Indeed, if the road is not repaired, soon, it will be utterly impassable another winter. Cross Marsh. - There was a good shew of stock at the market, but sales rather at low prices and not much sold. Another Account. - Our market was most numerously and most respectably attended yesterday, but, little business was done. There was a tolerably good supply of stock, but not of a choice de- scription, and sales were very dull. A third Account. - There was abundance of lean stock at the market, but a paucity of fat stock. There was a large concourse of persons of respectability assembled, and a numerous company sat down to an excellent dinner at the Royal Oak. Thos. Anstey, esq. in the chair, and the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drank. The conviviality of the party was kept up till a late hour, when the company mounted their horses and returned home, by moonlight. The Warsprite 74, Captain Hon. R.S. Dundas, arrived at Lon- don on the 28th July, in 49 days from Rio, bringing the important information that a preliminary treaty of peace had been conclude- ed between the Brazilians and Beunos Ayreans. Don J. Garcia, the Buenos Ayrean minister, who came up to Rio in an English pack- et, with the treaty, for it to receive the ratification of the emperor, left that place again, with it ratified, in his Majesty's brig Heron, Hon Captain W. F. Grey, on the 7th June, .for Buenos Ayres. Both parties had exhausted all their resources in this fruitless and expensive warfare. The event had created the most lively, sensa- tions of joy at Rio, particularly among the merchants, who were busied shipping their goods, to resume commercial dealings with the natives of the Rio de la Plata. The Brazilian Government paper had increased in value ten per cent. The Warsprite left Sydney on the 6th of January. She is the first line off battle shlp that has ever circumnavigated the globe. In crossing the 180th degree longitude east from Greenwich, the day was, therefore, changed, and put back ; the week was made to consist of eight days, having two Tuesdays in it. On the passage from Fort Jackson to Valparaiso, the Warspite went through Cook's Straits, between the two islands of New Zealand and Eaheinomawe and Poenanentoo. These straits are not well surveyed, and the different points are incorrectlv laid down ; the only chart of them is by Captain Cook, in the Endeavour. The conducting of a line- of-battle ship through such a narrow passage (being only 11 miles across, in one place, and little known), with a beating wind the whole way, required not only great strength of nerve, but a con- stant and vigilant Iook-out, together with the unceasing operation of keeping the lead going. With these precautions the Warspite beat through in six days, without any accident. "In the days of ignorance, the remedies for a scarcity of corn has been, to break open granaries, slaughter merchants and millers, burn haystacks, and so on. The people have at length learned that they will thus increase the evil : nor would they now, as once, attempt to distress a banker by burning his notes. They have learned something, but they have much more to learn : and perhaps the day is not far off when they will discover that early marriages cause low wages and starvation, that industry and economy are pre- ferable to poor-rates, and workhouses, and finally, perhaps, that it is better to work voluntarily in a crane than compulsory on a tread- mill. They will learn also to discover when laws are their friends instead of their enemies." - Westminster Review, April, 1827. Mr. Burke, writing to Barry, the painter, says - "When Clau- dian, describes a giant with a mountain on his shoulders, with its river running down his back, there is nothing sublime in it, for there is no great expression, but merely brute strength. But when Ho- mer describes Achilles advancing to the walls of Troy, clad in celes- tial armour, like the autumnal star, that brings fevers, plagues, and death ; we see all the terrible qualities of the hero, rendered still more terrible, by being contrasted with the venerable figure of Priam, standing upon the walls of Troy, and tearing his white hair at the sight of the approaching danger. This is the true sublime. Any madman can describe a giant striding from London to York, or a ghost stepping from mountain to mountain ; but it requires genius, and genius experienced in the ways of men, to draw a finished character, with all the excellencies and excesses, the vir- tues and infirmities of a great and exalted mind, so that at turns we admire the hero and sympathize with the man - exult and triumph at his valor and generosity, shudder at his rage, and pity his dis- tress. This is the AchiIles of Homer ; a character every where to be seen in miniature, which the poet drew from nature, then touched and embellished according to his own exalted ideas." - But- lers Reminiscences. 