Shipping Intelligence. On Friday last arrived, from Hobart Town, the brig Mary, Captain McBeath. She left London the 11th of June, St. Jago the 12th of July, and Hobart Town the 25th of Octo- ber. Lading, sundries. Passengers—Mr. Thomas Wood, Neil Allan, John Flight, An- drew Brown, and Mary Boyde. Same day arrived, from Hobart Town, the schooner Waterloo, Captain Parker. Lading, wheat, spirits, and potatoes. Passenger—C. Hoggins. On Saturday last arrived, from Hobart Town, whence she sailed the 28th ult, the ship Layton, Captain Luscombe. She sailed from Plymouth the 17th of June, and landed prisoners in the sister Colony. She brings 4 prisoners for Norfolk Island, and 3 others from Hobart Town. The guard comprises a detachment of the 30th Regt. with 3 women and 1 child, under the command of Captain Geddes. Surgeon Superintendent, Dr. Evans, R. N. Passengers—Mr. Thompson and Mr. Hallen, Surveyors. The Alacrity is expected to sail, for Telli- cherry, this day. The Elizabeth, for London, and the Hetty, for Port Dalrymple, are announced to sail on the 8lh instant. ARRIVALS AT HOBART TOWN October 22.—The Colonial brig, Caledonia, 275 tons, John G. Briggs, commander, from the Isle of France 22d September, with 24 casks brandy, 39 barrels ditto, 15 casks Cape wine, 24 banels ditto, 200 demijohns linseed oil, 30 ditto white lead, 63 coils rope, 12 cases oil, 13 ditto liqueurs, 1 ditto goods, 348 bags sugar, (181,587 lb.)—Passenger, Mr. Payne. October 23.—The schooner Flamingo, 84 tons, A. Sinclair commander, from the Isle of France, 10th September, with 1107 bags su- gar, (150,242 lbs.) and 1910 round Dutch cheeses.—Passenger, Mr. Chandler. THE Government Notice,of the 2d instant, in our front page, is another pleasing demon- stration of the carefulness with which the GoyrntNoifvatches over the interests of the settler, and of the Colony in general, by the Yoluntary relinquishmeut of the Crown ser- vants, though they can be but ill spared at this juncture, for the purpose of assisting in getting in the harvest. These are little things, but as the world is composed of very minute partit les, like the earth upon which we move, thej' will appear to advantage in due time, when the acts of the Government will appear to have been founded in wisdom and justice, the public weal having been kept pro- mineiitly in view. TASMANIAN JOURNALS, to the 20th ul- timo, have reached us by the latest arrivals. They are pregnant<with interest, inasmuch as they are loud and fer vent in their disapprobation of the Stamp and License Act. The Hob,<i t Town Gazette, having been founded by the local Government, merely contains the Laws and Ordonnances of the Colony, though it is still printed by Dr. Ross, and will, of course, remain in his possession, and be published ex- empt of the Stamp-duty. Dr. Ross has started a new Journal, called The Hobart Town Courier, which professes to be " an exact reprint of the Gazette,'' and is distin- guished with the Stamp. But this attempt, on the part of the Lieutenant Governor, to save his friend, the Editor of the Cornier, and Government Printer, will never answer at least such in our opinion. As to the li -xensing part of the Act, having only very recently delivered our sentiments on that head, we shall do no more than re 1er to them ; but we are decidedly opposed to the Stamp Act, so long as it continues as high as it does, for though Colonel Arthur lias reduced the duty one penny, which leaies it at tiv< -pence, still we think A penny would have been enough in all conscience, especially when we well know it is the determination of the people of the sister Colony not to receive a stamped Paper into their hourcs. The Colony is too young to endure such a species of taxation, especially when ihe, people combine to annihilate the Journals by refusing to subscribe to Papers that are stamped. We are aware of the in- famy of Editors unnecessarily annoying the Government ¡ t every turn, and on every oc- casion, but it is nevertheless a sad pity that those Journals, not equally guilty, and alto- gether innoxious in their politics, should be subjected to the same injurious ci.de. With The light that we have at present on the sub- ject, we really cannot see of what advantage it will be to tlie Government Printer of the Hobart¿Toun Gazette to give birth to The Hobart Town Confier, unless it be to in- volve bim in increasing labour, and treinen doun additional expense. If Dr. Ross should happen to make it answer, we can only say that lie has the whip-hand of the Sydney Gazette iii .his political conceptions ; but we see the Doctor chews.the cud more unmiietly than we inwgiued, wh'cli fact assures tis of the justness of our thoughts upon the affair. Whethsr the Tasmanian has given up the ghost or no, we are not able to pronounce, but it seems rather like it, since we have none forw in'ed, of that Paper, subsequent to the 15th tilt, the day upon wh eli the Act caine into operation. The Hobart Town Gaelic we mean The Hobart Town Courier—of the 30th ult. presents t!,e following leader, hy patiently considering which our Readers will perhaps he able to determine on the new rela- lion in which Dr. Ross stands to the Govern- ni"iil of Tasi'i mia . " It having boen found expedient bv the Government, in conséquence of the late News- paper Acts, to publ sh the Ho'iarl-town Ga- zette d\si'u\ct from all editorial mutter, news, or private advertisements, excepting such no- tices, Sec. a-, are required by law to be insert d in that official periodical document, we are re- duced to the alternative of this week present- ing ourselves to our readers under a different name and form. We have, however, made such arrangements, by an ex raordinary ex- ertion, as will enable us regularly to insert the whole of the Gazette in our journal of the same day, so that the Jfobw l-town Courier will not di 11er from the Hobart town Gazzette in any other respect than the name. Altho gh our dress he changed, we need nut toll our readers that the same consistent spirit em- bodied in it remains unchanged as from the commencement of our career, and though some may think our head a little heavy, we assure them there is a great deal in it. " We beg to apologize for any imperfections which may appear in our journal of Ibis day, incidental to every new undertaking. We have not had leisure, even tu make the necessary cal- culations for fixing the pi ice to our subscri- bers, which we shall du in our nexi number, at as moderate u rale as the times will admit " Now then, for a moment, we must turn our attention to the Colonial Times, of the 10th ult. the Editor and Printer of which must think themselves highly clever, if they hupe to escape the consequences of tfie Act, by refusing to take out a License, and publishing without a Stamp, purely because that Journal vow contains no other intelligence than " Commerçai Information and Adicrlise ments !" Wo are of opinion that Mr. lient has taken a very wrong view of the merits of the Act of Council, inasmuch as we are im- pressed with the belief that he might have published a Journal w thout advertisements, exempt from the stamp-duty, as in England ; but as for sending forth a Newspaper with advertisements and commercial information, without the stamp- duty, is preposterous in the extreme. It is the advertisements which con- stitute the Newspaper, not the comments which may come from the Editor; or else how is it that Cobbett, Wooller, and others, sent! forth their periodicals into the world without a stamp ? In our opinion, so I0114 as the Act of Council continues in force, Mr. Bent, nor any one else, has a right to publish even a placad, or use a printing press in any shape, without obtaining the regular Licence, llow ever, after all, it is Mr. Bent's fluty to mind his own concerns-not our's ; though we can- not help acknowledging, had we been in his condition, we should have thought it the wisest plan to stop publication, pro lemporc, rather than encounter the risk of being heavily fined for a breach of the Colonial Laws. The Colonial Ti mis, of t! e liJth ult. parents a sorry aspect, though, to that Paper, are the Colonists indebted tor the disabilities to which they have to succumb. The second page pre- sents a sable appearance, and is free of ajl matter (with the exception of shipping intelli- gence, and a solitary advertisement), as the slum ox, when deprived of the entrails. In large type^ the following advertisement ap- pears at the top of the two centre columns, which will best answer for itself: " Our columns in mourning speak for them- selves. We are prevented from delivering our sentiments to the Public, because we have neither a Stamp nor a License.-We, there- fore, avail ourselves of the privilege, ¡riven by Law, of confining ourselves to Commercial Information and Advertisements only, as our Subscribers, generally, declare, that they will not admit a Newspaper stamped into their houses. We must, therefore, bow with submission to the Public Fite; and trust this will be received as our apology." The Press of Hobart Town, at this moment, therefore, though it may nominally boast of four Journals, is absolutely defunct. For this we are extremely sorry, on many accounts, some of which we will particularize. From the earliest years we have been passionately alive to the excellence and value of printing, of which we ara of opinion none could have afforded more substantial proofs thin our- selves-we ore lovers of liteiature al 0-and, upon this account, we regret the mishap which has been brought upon the sister Press by the rebellious stupidity of wily and destructive Journalists. We are of opinion that Tasmania would not have made such rapid advances in national importance but for the exertions of the Press, and we are therefore sorry that so great and valuable a light should he reduced to a glimmer, if not ultimately be extitiguished. For the rising generation we grieve, because, in proportion to the retrogadation of the Press, will be the return of the decliuing race to all that is infamous and vile. Let the Press only be injured, and the morals of the youth, are in danger of contamination.; though we are free, to acknowledge, by a licentious Press, the loyalty and affection of the rising race may be occasionally affected ; but where there is a prompt counteraction ever in play—where derection and exposure are faithfully and zealously adopted, in such cases the political morals of the people cannot, by any means, be endangered. We are sorry, too, for Colonel ARTHUR, who, his enemies assert, is at length on the return home. We have never failed to support the measures of the sister Government on every occasion wherein con- science and duty impelled us, and we were somewhat flattered with the opinion, that Co- lonel Arthur would have shown some little deference to our judgment, when our Journal advised him to fbreco the Stamp-duly ; but it would seem that our counsel, as it was gratuitous, was also not worth honouring with common attention ; and if the Lieutenant Go- vernor had reduced the duty to A penny, we should have been better pleased. As matters, however,have gone solar, we would now sug- gest to the sister Government the necessity of either abiding by the present duty of two- pence, or abandoning that part of the Act in tolo. Let there l-e no more half-measures. But we would not fa I, on this occasion, fer- vently to entreat Colonel Arthur, if His Excellency has a desire to carry away with him the good wishes of those entrusted to his care—we say, we would fervently entreat him to aholish the Stamp-duty, and not leave his Successor an opportunity, at the commence- ment of h s Administration, to ground his popularity upon the rescinding of an Act which, as far as our opinion goes, when the Press was in a state of unprecedented quies- cence, should never have been passed. When the Juries of the land sue to what a predica- ment the Government is reduced by the pub- lication of inflammatory Journals, and in such Colonies as these, they should maturely deli- berate, and pause long, ere they allow even the appearance of a libel to escapa the conse- quences of an infringement of the Law. Ju- ries, by a stretch of liberality-from an anxiety to be wafted away with the aura po pularis-may unthinkingly forego the inflic- tion of that penalty of the law, which alone can guarantee the Public the privileges of the freedom of discussion. Extremes are always impolitic ; and whilst it becomes a Jury to watch over the rights of the subject—so fir as those rights may be allowed to operate in ¡ic cordatice with the peculiar constitution of these Colonies-nevertheless it is < (pially in* cmiibcnt upon a Jury to guard against even t he appearance of an overweening anxiety to allow the political culprit to escape-we mean those who flagrantly transgress the bounds of legitimate discussion. Every man, who makes it his trade uniutermittingly and malevolently to traduce the Authorities, without rhyme or reason, should at once, like the viper, be crushed to the earth. We have received another supply of the Tasmanian Journals by the Layton, which arrived on Saturday. The T.smnitians, of the 18th and 25th ult. have arrived, charac- terized by the Stamp. The Colonial Times, too, has published No. 2 since the Act, with advertisements and commercial intelligence only ; and, from its columns being thickly crowded with advertising patronage, we augur that the Public are Bent on supporting the Father of Typography in Tasmania, in spite of wind and weather. For the sins of one man, however, it is lamentable that the whole Colony should suffer. If the Act in question should be rescinded, Colonel A Tiluii will, as a matter of course, be rivetted in the af- fections of the People he governs. But if not-and yet, heit recollected, that we have always, in the most powerful and disinterested way, supported his measures, and strengthened his Government. This makes the sixth voyage that Dr. EVANS, R. N. the Surgeon Superintendent of the Layton, has made to these Colonies. The Doctor says, that he saw Dr. RUTHER- FORD, of the Eliza, just prior to his departure, and that the Eliza may be hourly expected. The Chief Justice has returned to town. Dr. EVANS informs us that he had the pleasure of an interview with Mrs. Mac Q'JAiui,, and i he ailvjtioiug Auslialiau (young LACHLAN), and that they were both in the enjoyment of excellent health. Out of 200 sheep that Captain M'BEATH, of the Mary, was bringing to the Colony, that Gentleman had the misfortune to lose 194—six only having survived. The Regalia, last from this Colony, reached England on the 0th of June. The ship Frederick, Captain Legge, was cleared outwards from London for Rotterdam and Sydney, on the 8th of June. The Earl St. Vincent, Captain Middleton, from Van Diemen's Land, the Isle of France, and Antwerp, arriveil in London on the 5th of June. The Emma Kemp, colonial vessel, was to leave Hobart Town for Sydney, in a day or two after the Layton. In our leading article %>( the 2d instant, relative to the Customs, we beg. to state, most unequivocally, that ive had no intention to apply any observation to Mr. Raymond, the Searcher of the Customs ; in fact, that gentleman vías not, in the most distant manner, in " our ininl'i eye." The ship Orelia maybe looked for about the 2ulh instant, from Hobart Town. We cannot do otherwise than compliment The Hobart Town Couria, published by Dr. Ross, the Publisher also of -the Hobait 'Town Gazette, upon the improved size, gene- ral aspect, and judicious arrangement of his new Journal. However ive may have differed from M';, Bent on the score of politics, mc have never yet had occasion to forego the high opinion wo entertain of his invaluable services to the Colony of Van Diemen's Land in his pro ? fession ; and, on that account alone, were there no other feeling in operation, still we hope to see the Proprietor of the Colonial Times Bent on continuing to' advance I as- man ia. Heaven scud him a good deliver- ance. 