Colonial Times. HOBART TOWN: FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1827. From Sydney, we have English news of a few days later date than had before reach- ed the Colony. As might be expected, the change in the Administration forms the prin- cipal topic. In another place, we have given very copious extracts from the London Journals, from which it is no more than rea- sonable to expect we alone can draw our inferences. Our Readers will therefore be enabled to judge of our views, by what we have the pleasure to lay before them. It is very evident that His Majesty has had a most trying moment—he has been placed in the most delicate situation possible ; and his con- duct has fully evinced that he is a true son of the House of Brunswick. Had he acted otherwise than he has done, the glory of the Crown of England would have been lost, and he would have heen sunk below the horizon. Had he permitted his late factious Ministers to bias him—to dictate to him—to deprive him of his Royal Prerogative of choosing his own servants, we might have been compelled to say that the KING of ENGLAND reigned only by the influence of his Ministers, and that he could not maintain his dignity but by being surrounded by a set of placemen.— However, HIS MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY has saved us the humiliating task of writing thus of the KING of ENGLAND. Now can we pro- claim abroad, that George IV. is a MONARCH who reigns in the hearts of his people, al- though a few ingrates have basely deserted him, treacherously and maliciously turned their back upon him at the most critical mo- ment, when the grand machine of European politics was all but at a stand for the want of one to guide—to direct it. Yes, yes, because at this important crisis, HIS MAJESTY thought proper to appoint the Right Hon. GEORGE CAN- NING as his Premier, the rest of his Ministers, Lord ELDON, Lord BATHURST, Lord WEST- MORELAND, Lord MELVILLE, the Duke of WELLINGTON, and Mr. PEEL have resigned, thinking to frighten their SOVEREIGN from his purpose. They dreaded Mr. CANNING— he was too liberal for them. As the Foreign Minister, he was sufficiently obnoxious to their narrow minds ; but as Premier—as the KING's Prime Minister, he was too formida- ble. Destruction awaited all their air-drawn schemes—all their vile policy for self aggran- dizement, when Mr. CANNING took the lead of the Ministry. This they knew, and on this account they resigned. Away with ye, vipers, learn that GEORGE is not to be inti- midated by ye. Secure in his peoples' love he laughs at—he derides your petty malig- nancy, and may all courtiers in this and every future age, learn by your disappoint- ment, how vain—how futile—how ridiculous is the hope of intimidating a JUST AND GOOD KING. " Mr. CANNING IS appointed," was our MONARCH's laconic, but forcible and sig- nificant reply to the remonstrances against his Royal will. " Mr. CANNING IS appoint- ed." The fiat was past, and all the factions could not persuade the KING to authorise its recal. It may perhaps be advanced by the Tory party, that the decisive, they may per- haps call it obstinate conduct of HIS MAJESTY, has deprived the country of many able and fine Statesmen. It may be so—the seceders were some of them men of bright talent, but what have their principles been proved—when for party's sake, they could desert their Royal Master, at a juncture, when in place opposition, the most perfect harmony was requisite ? Were they fit for those who were to guard the British State ? No, no, no, de- cidedly not, and the nation ought rather to rejoice than to grieve at their secession.— The only friendly act they did to the country, was when they retired, and with the exception of Mr. PEEL, the Lycurgus of modern date, we must say, we think there is " a good riddance of bad, &c.; We were inclined to be reconciled to the late Ministry until the present time, but experience has taught that they were only liberal to serve their own purposes, and so far as it was their interest, or perhaps we may say, so far as they were compelled to be, for the sake of retaining power. We apprehend much benefit from the ap- pointment of Mr. ROBINSON, as Colonial Se- cretary. As old father Times says, there is much in the administration of the British Co- lonies, which ought to be redeemed ; we will go farther, and say, there is much which ought to be done away with. The present Act, for the Administration of Justice in these Colonies, will in consequence of the Ministe- rial change, continue in force for another year ; therefore, the Petition of the People for Trial by Jury and Representative Legis- lation, will be in good time for the discussion of the House of Commons ; and under a WHIG Ministry, we have not the faintest shadow of the most remote doubt that the prayer will be granted. We mentioned in our last, that some indi- vidual in the elder Colony had been endea- vouring to sound the tocsin of alarm to the corn growers respecting the importations from Van Diemen's Land, and in a letter signed " An Old Settler," addressed to the Governor, and published in the Sydney Ga- zette, recommended a TAX ON OUR COLO- NIAL PRODUCE, when taken to the Sydney market. We also pledged ourselves to exa- mine into the subject this week, lest any per- son might apprehend serious consequences from such a letter. To do this, we must fully state what " An Old Settler" recom- mends—next the grounds on which his re- commendation is founded—and then his ar- guments in favour of the proposal. He re- commends " levying a duty of two shillings a bushel on wheat, five shillings a hundred weight on flour, one shilling on barley, one shilling on oats, one shilling and six-pence on malt, and three shillings a hundred weight on Potatoes," imported from Van Diemen's Land!!! The chief ground on which this preposterous tax is recommended is, because the Australian farmers cannot grow rich by growing grain,—and the arguments brought forward in favour of it may be reduced to the following syllogism. The farmers con- sume the greatest portion of imported goods, therefore they pay the most to the Colonial Revenue. The proposed tax on Van Die- men's Land grain would enable the Austra- lian bread-grower to obtain a higher price for his produce. If he got a higher price for his grain, he could afford to consume more " articles of luxury," and thereby en- crease the revenue, which is derived princi- pally from this source. Therefore, the plain argument, when stripped naked and depri- ved of its clothing, is merely saying—" En- able me to consume articles of luxury, at the expense of the poor, and the destruction of free trade between the sister Colonies, by which means the revenue will be encreased." The MONITOR on this point says, " It is putting the matter in quite an unpolitical unphiloso- phical view, to propose taxing the bread of one class of Colonists, to enable another class to consume " articles of luxury, be- cause the said luxuries are ' the chief source of that revenue which is to pay the Civil Establishment of the Colony.' This is be- ginning indeed at the wrong end first ; or rather it is lighting the candle at both ends. The whole art of taxation lies indeed in tax- ing luxuries and not necessaries. But by the ' Old Settler' it is recommended to tax a ne- cessary first, (namely bread), in order to en- able a particular class of settlers to consume more luxuries, and thereby enable the Go- vernment to come a second time and tax those luxuries. The mere stating of the case dis- covers its absurdity."—Now we will not dwell upon the avaricious, selfish, and un- friendly disposition manifested on the part of the writer of the letter in question, be- cause it is self-evident at the first glance.— Enough for us to look at the public princi- ples. Our opinion is, that " An Old Settler" is completely wrong in what he advances, re- specting the proposed duty, either " putting a stop to the excessive importations of grain from Van Diemen's Land, or making that im- portation the means of encreasing the reve- nue." We cannot see how these objects would be gained by such a measure. If in- deed the proposed duty were prohibitory, as it perhaps might prove, who would suf-fer ? Would it not be the Australians them-selves ? The Colony of New South Wales CANNOT grow sufficient grain for HER OWN CONSUMPTION : she must always be depen- dent on supplies from foreign ports, and if a duty were levied upon our grain, it must be upon all other imported grain. Therefore in the same ratio which we command the free and unrestricted trade to the sister Co- lony, we could always maintain our controul over a taxed one. From the adjacency of the two Colonies, the Merchants of Van Die- men's Land will always be enabled to com- pete with any other corn speculatists in the Sydney market, whether the trade be taxed or untaxed, free or restricted. The Tasma- nians therefore have nothing to dread, even if the duty were imposed. Scarcity and dear bread would bring the Australians to their senses, and in less than twelve months, sup- posing (for argument's sake, an impossibility) that " An Old Settler's" recommendation were acted upon, the elder Colony would be compelled, by her own necessity, to re- ceive our grain into the market.—The wri- ter of the letter in question says, " We are merely agricultural, and have no Colo- nial produce that we can exchange with a Colony, like ourselves, wholly agricultural. Whatever advantage the Merchant may de- rive from the trade of Van Diemen's Land, if the wheat grower of this Colony were pro- tected, the encreased home consumption would more than repay them for the loss of that trade." To which the Monitor replies, " True, both Colonies are agricultural ; but, the husbandry ought not to be alike. Van Diemen's Land is the England of Australia ; New South Wales is its Morea and Italy ; and Moreton Bay will be its West Indies. How foolish then would it be to grow wheat at Moreton Bay, sugar in Van Diemen's Land, and coffee in New South Wales? But how much more absurd would it be to call on the Governor in Chief " to protect" the Settlers of these respective Colonies, by passing laws to compel these results? Van Diemen's Land is the natural huxery-shop and bacon-ware- house of this Eastern Coast of New Holland. From thence, we should not hesitate to import fat salted pork, beef, hams, BUTTER, CHEESE, and grain. And in return, we should send them our maize, dried fruits, and wines ; and until we grow the latter, we should not begrudge sending our wool, timber, oil, and skins to London, draw on the consignees for the amount, and so forward the drafts to Van Diemen's Land : for it is just the same thing, as far as the prosperity of our trade is concerned. To send our Treasury Bills to Van Diemen's Land, is not a whit less profit- able or more ruinous, than to send produce. We gave our produce for the said Treasury Bills ; only we were wise enough to send it to those who gave us a good price for it ; whereas, if we had sent it to Van Diemen's Land in the first instance, they would either not have bought it of us at all, or have given us a very bad price for it. To pay for wheat from Van Diemen's Land in Bills therefore, is only a round-a- bout, but still profitable way of paying for it." We have now devo- ted more of our Paper to this subject than was perhaps requisite, but as it is important to the colony at large, we trust our Readers will consider we have not intruded too much on their time in thus giving them a column. The little apparent concern which appear- ed in the public mind, on the execution of the N?? unfortunate bush-rangers last week, clearly demonstrates the fact, that for a man after he once becomes a bush-ranger, there is not the least sympathy, compassion, or pity. When we however compare this with the sensation created by an execution in Lon- don, we cannot help feeling both regret and horror, that our minds are so hardened by the numerous awful examples of the kind which have been witnessed in this Colony, as to pay so little attention to them. To con- ceive that nine men were at once launched into eternity, is indeed an appalling thought. But how much more dreadful does that thought become, when it is considered that in the year 1823, the whole number of execu- tions, throughout the twelve months, amount- ed to no more than eleven, and last year (1826) but fourteen, at Newgate. This, com- paring the numbers of the two populations, presents at first sight a most dreadful picture of Van Diemen's Land. But when it is fur- ther taken into consideration, how singu- larly composed the population of this Colony is, it does not seem so astonishing.— These men had all been condemned by of- fended law to transportation to this Colony. Their strength of resolution being unequal to bear their merited punishment, they were in- duced to attempt to escape from the island. But being defeated in this, and afraid to meet the slight punishment which would have been inflicted on them for absconding, they as a last resort, betook themselves to the woods, committed depredations, and took up arms against the Military force sent to apprehend them. For this they suffered, and justly so. The evils which have aforetime resulted from an armed banditti in this Colony, were suffi- cient to authorise the most decided steps on the part of the local Authorities, to prevent a recurrence of them. We are by no means the advocates for the sacrifice of human life—quite the contrary. But this we say most dispassionately, that we sincerely trust the present very lamentable and exceedingly affecting example of the inevitable fate which awaits those who revolt against the laws, will deter others from the absurd enterprise of attempting to live by plunder in the bush. We were most happy to see that all the men from the Prisoners' Barracks, amounting to 7 or 800, were caused to be present, to hear the affecting address delivered, at the in- stance of the dying men, by the Reverend Chaplain, Mr. BEDFORD, and the no less af- fecting appeal of the men themselves. May those truths sink deep into the hearts of every prisoner in the Island. Surely, the warning of their dying companions, not to think of bush-ranging, it being the most hor- rid state of existence imaginable, will not be thrown away. We hope it will not. We are almost sure it will not ; for we not only ob- served many of the prisoner bye-standers in tears, but experience in the very short career of these men, in number so formidable a gang, clearly demonstrates, that bush- ranging to any injurious extent, either to the Settlers, or to the Government, is at an end for ever.— Its death-blow is struck. Tranquility is once again restored, and we hope never to have to record the execution of another bush- ranger ; although it is very evident, from the tenor of the Government Order on this occa- sion, that no future bush-ranger can possibly expect to be saved from the gallows. We find that the Government are deter- mined to proceed with the improvements, if they may be called so, of the Distillery pur- chased of Mr. LOWES, with a view of con- verting it into a Female Factory. Two ten- derers (we hear Messrs. Lambe and Faber) have been communicated with, from the pro- per quarter, stating that their tenders were accepted ; but, at the same time, conveying the intelligence, that they MUST find secu- rity in one thousand pounds each. Although we do not say that contractors should not be bound down to perform what they under- take, yet it is somewhat objectionable in our opinion, to open such a field for monopoly, to a few monied men, as to shut out the poorer mechanic by imposing such a tremen- dous security on him. But the folly of the whole business puts us, and every other sen- sible person out of patience altogether. Its situation, as we have said before, is quite unfit, in every sense of the word. Its conti- guity to the rivulet,—its great distance from the town,—the horrible road to it,—its un- healthy site, in the centre of a marsh,—its unsafe one in the centre of the bush,—and its exposed one in the centre of a valley, where persons from the side of the hills can see over the walls into every part. We would recom- mend, as it is to go on, that another Regiment of old Veterans should be sent for from Eng- land, for the purpose of protecting the sister- hood, or there will be a hole in the wall, and all the ladies let loose. Another thing might not be amiss, which is a veil, to cover the whole building. Joking a part, it is a very expensive undertaking to complete.—A new building, in another place, might be erect- ed for the money, according to the best esti- mates of practical men ; and it will be a most inconvenient place, both for the inhabitants and the Government, when it is finished.— Why then, is it persisted in—a new Gaol not built, and the present one converted into a Factory. We see by Mr. GILBERT ROBERTSON'S very singular advertisement, that the Government Farms at New-town, are to be let. We have frequently reprobated the idea of Government carrying on farming operations, thereby mo- nopolising the useful men, and competing with the Settler in the growth of wheat, and recommended that the farms should be sold. But it is laughable enough, that we have never heard a word where the produce of these farms went, notwithstanding the enormous expence which they must inevitably have oc- casioned. We are now told, at the fag end of the business, that the several farms at New- town were purely meant as experimental es- tablishments, something after the plan pur- sued at the Cape, where there is a Govern- ment Botanical Establishment. What then is the result of the experiments, and who has benefitted by them ? Surely it is not all lost. Somebody must be the better for it. It is evi- dent that the Government is tired of them, or it would not wish to let them. Why, however, they should be let, we know not. Had they been sold, and the money received for them deposited in the Colonial Treasury, it would have been a proper step, and the Government would have incurred no censure ; but as it is, it will—unless indeed, the compositors at the Gazette Office, not being able to read Mr. Robertson's manuscript, have put the word " letting," instead of " selling."—Want of room prevents our fur- ther going into this subject at present. The Tasmanian, wet from the press, has just been brought in, " Edited, Printed, and Published by the Proprietor, J. C. MACDOU- GALL." We see that " HIS TOUCHINESS" has been affronted by our article of last week.— Well, well, we cannot help that ; but we do not mean to allow this new-born babe of li- terature to call us names. If he does, he will find himself hampered in a toil, from which it may be difficult to extricate him. We could—" a tale unfold ;" but no matter.—However, a word about PRINCIPLES. It may, perhaps, turn out that " Andrew's princi-ples" are equal in solidity, and will bear investigation better than those of the Editor Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor of the Tas- manian, J. C. Macdougall. For scurrility, we thought we were tolerably qualified ; but the Tasmanian beats us hollow there. We are, therefore, not Bent upon pursuing the controversy any farther. " Falsehood and de- traction" may be practised by some persons, who have false hearts and hidden motives ; but, thank Heaven, that shaft of Mr. Mac- dougall's malice is flung innocuous at the Co- lonial Times. We will not again offend " HIS TOUCHINESS," lest, by irritating his feelings, we hasten his dissolution, and compel him to give up the Ghost— " Just breathe a sigh, and leave the rest to Heaven." It appears that the dispatches from Down- ing-street have been decided upon, by the local Government. The Government Public Works are absolutely in future to be done by public contract, which will at last bring into notice some of our experienced master mechanics and builders. The present Lum- ber-yard is to be done away with ; and a small one carried on at Macquarie Point ; which situation, we understand, the new En- gineer, Mr. ARCHER, disapproves of, which we think is not to be wondered at. All the prisoners now in the Barracks are to remain there for the present, orders to that effect having been received from home (for what reason we are at a loss to comprehend) ; but all future arrivals of prisoners are to be dis- tributed and assigned among the Inhabitants, and none reserved for Government. Then, there will be an end to the Government car- rying on cobbling, harness-making, tailor- ing, &c.; &c.; &c.; except by contract. We have this from pretty good authority, and trust that it may not be erroneous. It is said, that in future no servants will be as- signed, without reference to, and sanction from, the Lieutenant Governor. We regret exceedingly to perceive in our contemporary of yesterday evening, a disposi- tion to quarrel with, and pick us to pieces ; particularly, as he seems to be most unfortu- nate in the subjects he has selected, and, in vain, attempted to handle. Nothing is more certain than his defeat, if he forces us into a paper war. Therefore, we would recommend him to let us alone. When he called our idea of sending wheat to the WEST INDIES " chime- rical," on account of the proximity of those Colonies to " AMERICA," he could not have had our paper before him ; or he would have learned " gin he is no' too auld," that THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT HAVE PROHIBITED THE AMERICANS FROM TRADING TO THE WEST IN- DIES SINCE LAST DECEMBER. Moreover, we can tell him, for his information, that the Yankees do not like the said prohibition, (a bit more than our contemporary likes us), and that they are trying to force England into hos- tilities, (just as our contemporary wishes to do with us) to take the odium of casting the first stone from themselves. We like to illustrate our writings by familiar comparisons. The Supreme Court, for the trial of pri- soners at Launceston, will not be holden until the 1st of October next.—We under- stand, that this has been occasioned by the extreme pressure of business in the Councils, occupying the Chief Justice's attention, he being a Member of both.—We therefore may expect several new Acts of Council very shortly to make their appearance.—The Mem- bers of the Legislative Council have been summoned to meet on the 10th of next month.—THOMAS ARCHER, Esq. J. P. and THOMAS ANSTEY, Esq. J. P. the newly ap- pointed Members, have not yet sat in the Legislative Council. It will be seen by our ship news, that the Denmark Hill has brought down about 30 tons of sugar, nearly two months supply for Hobart Town.—Captain FOREMAN states, that there were not more than 20 tons of sugar in Sydney, when he left, and that it was selling at £60 per ton, and on the rise.—The consequence was, that two or three vessels have been dispatched to the Isle of Frace for that article. From the length of time that Captain BRIGGS, of the Caledonia, has left this port, we may reasonably expect him shortly, with sugar. We are hapy to state, that Mr. BETHUNE is fast recovering from his late indisposition. It appears from the testimony of his medical attendant, Dr. WESTBROOK, that our anxiety led us into a little error last week, respecting this much esteemed Gentleman. His com- plaint is not a decline ; but has been an inflam- mation on the lungs, brought on by a cold. —We are also enabled to state, that Mr. M'LELAND, the new Attorney-General, has improved considerably during the week. The Denmark Hill goes hence to the Mau- ritius in ballast—coals. Quere, might not this be a good opportunity to speculate in wheat, for exportation to that market.—The Captain offers only 3s. 6d. per bushel ! and if the vessel is freighted, it must be done quickly, as she will sail in a few days. Our official contemporary says—" The new Act, to regulate weights and measures, ap- pears to have entirely failed in its object."— Wherever he derived his information, we do not know ; for we see nothing of it in our English or Scotch papers. A contemporary print of last week, states that the Commissariat Department of Van Diemen's Land is to be made independent of New South Wales, and that Mr. Assistant Commissary General MOODIE, the head of the Department, is to receive an increase of pay, in consequence. The Government schooner Waterloo is ad- vertised to be sold by auction, on the 11th of Sept. ; and 20 logs of Huon-pine, will be sold by Mr. Collicott, on Monday next. Private rumour states, that a Dr. of Ho- bart Town, from the Land o' Cakes, is about to lead to the Hymeneal altar, a daughter of a son of Mars, of the same name. We hear that a gallant son of Mars is about to practise the Hymeneal Waltz, set in the key of A Major, arranged with variations by Miss T. ANOTHER NEW APPOINTMENT.—We under- stand, that Major TURTON, of the 40th Re- giment, late acting Engineer, has been ap- pointed Commissioner of the Roads and Bridges, with a salary of Thirty Shillings per diem. So enormous a salary we cannot pos- sibly swallow, though we have it from the well informed. However, the Gazette of to- morrow will set all to rights. POLICE.—Yesterday, Francis Leonard was sentenced by T. A. LASCELLES, Esq. to be transported for two years to a penal Settle- ment, and to receive 50 lashes, for falsely representing himself to be a constable, and endeavouring to extort money from Mr. Fran- cis Hines, for the purpose of procuring the liberation of his female servant, then in cus- tody, and using gross and abusive language to him. INTERESTING TO THE LADIES.—By a deci- sion in the Court of Session, in Scotland, in February last, it has been decided, that a deed of mutual separation and aliment be- tween husband and wife, does not disempower the latter to sue for, and recover, in the event of her becoming a widow, all her " legal provisions, torce and jus relictœ." This is to say then, that the conditions of a deed of se- paration providing a sufficient aliment is not binding ? " Inquisitive" asks " what has become of the grants for the locations of land, which we mentioned some time back ?" We be- lieve they still rest with the acting Attorney- General. Why are the men Savage and Earle, the two Constables who were sentenced to be sent to a penal Settlement, for extorting money from a prisoner, kept still in the Gaol without irons, and not sent away in pur- suance of their sentence ? Is it intended that such men should be again taken into the Police ? We should like to know the reason why the man Fowler or Champion has not been brought again to trial, for the alleged mur- der of Sharpless' little girl ? The mother of the Right Hon. GEORGE CANNING died at Bath in March last. The Hon. GEORGE VILLIERS, brother of the Earl of Clarendon, died at his house in Knightsbridge, on the 21st of March. On the 15th March were married at Strea- them Church, A. MACDUFF BAXTER, Esq. Attorney-General, New South Wales, to MA- RIA DEL ROSARIA GORDON, only daughter of the late Robert Gordon, Esq. of Xeres de la Frontera. His Excellency the Earl of DALHOUSIE had resigned his Seat of Government at Canada ; and it was reported, that he would be suc- ceeded by Sir JAMES KEMPT. Sir HERBERT TAYLOR and Colonel STE- PHENSON are the executors to the will of His late Royal Highness the Duke of YORK. The Committee of Privileges of the House of Lords had decided that the Earl of CON- NAUGHT has established his claim to vote for representative Peers for Ireland. The Dutch line-of-battle ship Zealander, with 800 troops, and an unusually large num- ber of passengers and crew, amounting in all to 1,400 persons, sailed in the early part of this year for Batavia, which we lately men- tioned as being in a state of insurrection, the natives having killed nearly all the Dutch there. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt were to purchase, in the quarter ending April 5, £800,000 sterling ; and in the subsequent quarter, ending July 5, £1,200,000 sterling, being nearly double the amount purchased in the corresponding quarters in last year. The Bank of England Branch Establishments, we perceive by some of the London papers, extend to almost all parts of the country.— But the Courier says, " As a proof of return- ing confidence, local notes are now become again the chief circulating medium in the South of Devonshire, Bank of England notes and sovereigns having almost wholly disap- peared." It had been reported, that the Bank of England was about to reduce the rate of discount to 4 per cent. The Globe says, " this report has the appearance of pro- bability." No country bank notes, under the value of £5, have been stamped for cir- culation in England since the 4th of Febru- ary, 1824. By the Denmark Hill we have received our files of Sydney Papers, to the 20th instant.— They contain very lengthy articles and ex- tracts respecting the new Administration. Of local subjects they are somewhat barren of interest. The transport-ship Manlius, Captain Johnstone, with 172 male prisoners, Surgeon Superintendent, Dr. Conway, R. N. had arrived. She left the Downs on the 17th of April, and consequently, brings no later news than what the Colonial Times of this week contains. Mr. FOSTER, who came out with the Attorney-General, has been admit- ted to practice in the Supreme Court at Syd- ney. Mr. WYLDE, the late Judge Advocate of New South Wales, had received the ap- pointment of Chief Justice for the Cape of Good Hope. Mr. Wylde writes to this effect himself, and it is supposed that the appoint- ment is worth between £4000 and £5000 per annum. Another Puisue Judge was shortly expected at Sydney—there will then be three Judges in New South Wales, and only ONE in Van Diemen's Land. West In- dia rum was selling at 20s. per Gallon. A man is spoken of as having been executed and resuscitated. The Australian has re- printed an interesting article on the Church Lands in Canada, the essence of which we shall give in a future number. On the 19th instant, JAMES HOLLAND, Esq. Solicitor-Ge- neral of New South Wales, and Commissioner of the Court of Requests, died, after a long and protracted illness. Accounts had arri- ved from Mr. Cunningham, the King's Botanist, who had penetrated the interior, north as far as Moreton Bay. Lord CHARLES SOMER- SET was about returning to the Cape, on board the Patiens, to resign his post of Go- vernor-in-Chief pro forma. Mr. BRIDEKIRK's Ministerial, as well as Mr. GREIG's Indepen- dent Journal had been silenced by an " order, from home, the Cape being a Dutch Colony. They do not now touch on political subjects. The Monitor advocates the interests of the Tasmanian Colonists, respecting the propo- sed duty alluded to elsewhere, and says— " Van Diemen's Land is independent of New South Wales, and vice versa" Three ships have been taken up by the Australian Agri- cultural Company for the elder Colony, viz. Waterloo, 416 tons ; Frederic, 396 ; and Marquis of Anglesea, 352. They will touch at Hamburgh and Havre de Grace, for sheep and shepherds. Another man-of-war was ex- pecied at Sydney, from Trincomalee. Fears were entertained for the safety of the Sir Charles Forbes, which sailed long before the Persian, with female prisoners for Sydney. The brig Lion, Captain Kenn, from this port had safely arrived ; also the brig Lord Rod- ney from Launceston. The ship Elizabeth, Captain Atherden, was advertised for Lon- don direct.—The Emma Kemp was preparing to sail for Hobart Town. The average price of wheat was from 4s. to 5s. per bushel, Maize 5s., barley 7s. 6d., cheese 1s. per lb., eggs 1s. 4d. per dozen, fowls 2s. 6d. per couple, ducks 4s. ditto, geese 8s. to 10s. 6d. each, English hay from £14 to £16 10 per ton., inferior ditto £3 per load, straw £1 ditto. 