FOUR YEARS IN FRANCE,-&c;, &c.; This is a work written by a gentleman of advanced age, who, accompanied by his family, resided for four years in France, the greater part of that period being passed in the more southern parts, and principally at Avignon. One of the objects which he appears to have had in view, was to communicate information to the English public on the advantages or disadvantages of a continental residence, and on the means which fami- lies have of practising with effect that economy which it usually assigned as the reason for their emigrations. There are many other subjects comprised in the work, the greater part of which are entirely of a per- sonal nature, which, although they must have been extremely interesting to the writer, are neither useful nor amusing to the generality of readers. It appears, for example, that he had taken priest's orders in the Church of England, but that his religious opinions af- terwards underwent so important a change, as to in- duce him to renounce the Protestant faith, and to be re-baptized in that of the Church of Rome. A mode- rate portion of charity is sufficient to induce the be- lief that, in taking this singular step, the author was prompted solely by conscientious motives ; but this is all that he can expect from the reader. He takes lit- tle pains to justify his conduct, and, satisfied as he is with it, none appear to be necessary ; but if he wished, either to apologize to the church he has seceded from, or to vindicate that which he has entered into, he ought to have given a more detailed and serious ac- count of the process by which his opinions were changed, and the reasons which ultimately influenced his choice. These things should have been written in a work of a different character, and not have been mixed up with the cursory remarks, and " skimble skamble stuff," which compose so large a portion of that before us, and make it a mere parlour-window book. Instead of being some account of the conver- sion of the Author to the Catholic Faith, it might, for ought that can interest the generality of renders, have been " An account of the conversion of the Au- thor's great coat into a spencer." He believes, also, that visible and sensible revela- tions are occasionally made by the beings of another world to the inhabitants of this, and gives an account of two instances in which he himself experienced such miraculous intimations. There is nothing to be said on subjects like this : they baffle criticism, and appeal from the reason to those powerful arguers, the senses, who are not always sufficiently sober to be trusted. It cannot be doubted that the author, who appears to be a man of good faith and sense, either did see, or fancied that he did see, the things he relates ; and which of these two things happens to be true must be perfectly indifferent to every body ; besides, no man can properly be said to believe in the ghosts which another man has seen, and no man can be persuaded out of the reality of those which he thinks he has him- self seen. The best ghost stories extant are those which have been fabricated. How is it possible to doubt the circumstantial narration of Mrs. Veal's ap- pearance after her death, until one learns that it was the invention of an unlucky author for the purpose of making a dull book sell ? It is not difficult to make a ghost story which shall be " most incredibly attest- ed ;" because, when one has the evidence as well as the facts to manufacture, it would be hard indeed if the one could not be made to support the other. The circumstances mentioned by the author are sufficiently wonderful, and may, perhaps, give such a notion of the state of his mind as may qualify the reader's asto- nishment that a Protestant clergyman should, in the nineteenth century, become a Roman Catholic ; but they imply no doubt of his veracity. It must also be remembered, that upon one of these occasions be men- tions his mind was in a state of great depression, and his nerves most painfully excited by the afflicting illness, and recent death, of a favorite son, who had just reach- ed manhood. Some persons will despise the belief, which the au- thor does not hesitate to avow, in things supernatural, and many, perhaps, will be found to censure still more bitterly his secession from the Church of England; but there will be few who must not sympathise with his sorrows, on the event just alluded to. The most useful and satisfactory part of his book, however, and that about which there will be little difference of opi- nion, is that which relates to his living at Avignon. It should be remembered that in England the author resided in the immediate neighbourhood of a county town, and that he belongs to that claw of the commu- nity whom we usually denominate country gentlemen. These considerations are necessary, to understand the sort of comparison which he makes betweeu asimilar style of living in France and iu England. " 1 will cudeavour to enable any one to judge how far it may be worth his while to come to reside in France from motives of economy. With his motives for being economical I have nothing to do : any one may be economical at home who pleases ; but it does not please some people to be economical at home; othei s wish lo have more for the same money .The French are sometimes puzzled to make out why the English come abroad ; perhaps the English are semetimes equally puzzled themselves : but, with reference to economy, sometimes the English seem to them tobe travelling for the sake of spending money ; sometimes to be staying in France for the purpose of saving ¡t : the riches as well as the high prices of England are exaggerated ; the latter to a degree that won! I make the riches to be merely nominal : then the difference between French and English prices, is supposed to be so great, that the saving, by living in France, must be enormous. Many English have, at first, no clearer notions than the French on these subjects.) "^ The price of almost every article, the produce of agricultuiai or mnnufnctltring industry, has been in- creased one-third, 6ome say two-fifths, in France, since the beginning of the Revolution : the taxes have been trebled. We know that, within the last thirty years, prices and taxes have been augmented in Eng , land, at about Hie same rates; so that, on both sides of the water, the propoition has been preserved: but the English knew very little of France during the war; whereas the French knew England by their emigrants, who reported truly the high prices then prevalent: thus some unsettled or erroneous opinions on domestic economy may be accounted for. I left England while paper currency was.still in force, and before prices were lowered as since they have been. ; my estimate must be corrected accordingly. ** The result of between three and four years' ex- perience is, that about one-sixth is saved by living, no1 in Paris, but in a provincial town in France, or that a franc will go as far as a shilling. Set against this saving the expenses of the journey, and the saving will not be great to those who do not retrench in their mode of life, but live in France in the same style as at home. The exchange on bills drawn oh England may be favourable; but some little money sticks in every hand through which money passes, which balances this advantage. " House-rent is higher in France than in England ; fuel much dearer : some manufactured articles, as woollen cloth for coats, and linen or cotton for shirts, are equally dear ; colonial produce, as sugar and cof- fee, is of a variable price, but not much cheaper ; tea is cheaper, as the Americunssupply it, or England with a remission of the duty. Rut there are no assessed taxes,--.no poor-rates: provisions I found lo be cheaper hy abo« tone-third than I had left them in Eng- land, and my younger children, instead of small beer, drank wine with discretion indeed, but nt discretion. The more numerous my family, the greater «as the advantage to me of this diminution of the daily expense of food. " Yet I calculate that at the end of 12 months, in- cluding what the journey to Avignon cost me, and the difference between the price at which my furniture was bought, and that at which it was sold, I had spent within one twentieth us much as it would have cost me to livj; in my county town in England, with the same establishment, and in the same manner. The smaller the income annually expended, the gi eater in proportion will be the saving ; _ bepause it is chiefly on the necessary articles of living, that expense is spared j but a man of large, or even of nioderate fortune, will hardly think it worth his while to dwell many years in a foreign country, merely.for the sake of saving £5. in £100. The less the distance to which he travels, and the longer his stay, the more he be comes.acquainted with the mode of dealing^ and learns what are just prices, the greater proportionably will be the savings of the economizing resident, A saving of five per cent, is at least not a loss. Wise men should know what they are about to undertake. Those who are neither wise nor prudent, had better stay at home ; I do not write for such, but to give to family men, such advice as I found no one capable of giving me; hut which, through much toil, and post, and peril, I had obtained the faculty of offering to piliers." Somuch for the boasted advantages of living in France I It must not be imagined by any one that his arfloiir is so partial to England as to warp his judgment with respect to Hie real advantages which the continent can present, On the con- trary, he carries bis fondness for every one that is Roman Ca- tholic to an extent which is sometimes ridiculous, and often unjust. He thinks, for example, that the French schpol of painting rivals the Italian; that the Church of St. Gene- viève, at Paris, if not so large, is more beautiful than that of St. Paul at London ; that a funeral at the burying.ground of Pere la Chaise, isa much better thing than Hamlet's discourse upon Yorick's skull, and that James II, was chased away from England because he was an honest man. »Ve are quite willing to receive his opinion on the subject of the expenditure which may be necessary for a family in France, because that is a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence, which be appears competent to deal with. For the rest, when we find a gentleman who entertains, among others, the extraor- dinary notions we have just mentioned, we are not a whit surprised at his believing in ghosts, and Popery into the bar- gain, i 