Latest Hobart Town News. ——*—— The most recent Journal arrived, is down to the 24th ult. and it is n curious looking article. Were it not for the arrivals of the City of Edinburgh and the Andromeda, News would be rather flat from that quarter, but these trifles operate as a relief to the general ennui that pervades the political world. We hear that a Mr. Guilding is on his way to Sydney, for the purpose of setting about an establishment under Government, with a view in the growth of the sugar cane, the distillation of spirits, and the growth of cotton. A brace of Americans, named, we think, the General Sucre and Bolivar, laden with sundries, from Manilla, on the way to Valparaiso, put into the Der- went, to refresh and look about. Mr. R. L. Murray, rumour says, was still in prison, and notwithstanding the lawyers had been heard pro and con, in arrest of judgment, the case still remains undecided ; some think the Ex-Editor will escape, against which we have no objection. Several new appointments have taken place, and among others, that of Major Kirk- wood, of the 40th, to the commandantey of the Field Police, throughout the sister Colony, and Major Turton has accepted of the Engineership. Several culprits had been condemned to death at the last Criminal Court, at Launceston, and eight were una- voidably despatched by the hands of the executioner, on the 18th ult. We had nearly forgotten that a copy of Dr. Ross's new Gazette states, that Capt, M' Kellar commands the City of Edinburgh, which vessel sailed from Leith, in the end of September, touching at Dublin, whence she sailed the 19th of October. Passengers, William Kermode, Esq. (an oId hand of some celebrity in this Colony) ; Mr. King ; Mr. Brown ; Mr. Etchinson; Mr. and Mrs. Black ; Mr. Baillie ; Mrs. Edrip and two children ; Mr. Fraser ; Mr. Wallace, &c.; &c.; &c.; Independent of the car- go belonging to the Company, there are goods con- signed as follows :--- Miss Neill ; R. Pringle ; R. Young ; Rev. J. Kean ; J Imrie ; Charles Fraser ; P. Graham ; J. T. Goodsir: --- Wood ; M. Paterson ; Mrs. Carmichael ; J. McLeod ; W. Bertram ; D. Skirving ; J. Rankin ; F Schulzte ; R. Crawford ; A. Warren ; T. Gourlay ; N. Williatt ; A. Ferguson ; W. Shairp ; Temple Pearson ; W. Dunn ; J. King ; &c.; &c.; Contrary to our expectation we find both of our contemporaries objecting to the new regulations respecting the licenses. Immediately on their publication we offered some remarks which went to show the good they would effect, as they would not only tend to improve the condition of assigned servants, but of their employers also. The Monitor, however, on Friday last presents his readers with a string of objections, which the Australian appears to have neatly copied as a leader. We would recommend the former not to publish so early in future, as it is a pity the Doctor should appropriate Mr. Hall's week's labours without thanks, or without making the slightest acknowledg- ment. But to come to the point. It has long been considered as a serious grievance the manner which settlers have taken of pay- ing up their arrears to their servants in rum. By this system the earnings of the poor labourer were speedily exhausted, and his means of obtaining clothing and other ne- cessaries were entirely cut off. It is true the settlers pocketed a good deal by the system, but the loss on the part of the la- bourer was in exact proportion to his mas- ter's gain. By putting it out of the power of settlers to retail spirits, a temptation is re- moved from the poor man, his money will remain to the good, and he will be enabled to purchase more substantial comforts than rum---an extra shirt or jacket, or, perhaps, additional or better food. These are the advantages which the prisoners and other la- bourers will receive in exchange for their rum, while the settler himself will be no loser by the business, for in place of dealing in this article he will have to deal in such things as his labourers may require, and this is but reasonable. We will therefore, expect to see our labourers in the country better clothed and fed, as in place of pay- ing two shillings to their master for half a pint of rum, they will have their money, to purchase more solid and permanent advan- tages. But this the Monitor considers a great evil ; he says that servants, requiring grog, will go to a public house to spend their money among thieves and fiddles ; and in fact, he becomes quite savage when he talks of the penalty which settlers who infringe the order on this head will incur. Now, in reference to the assertion that ser- vants will frequent the public house more than formerly, we do not think there is any truth in it whatever. It will be the busi- ness of the settlers to keep the money of their servants in their own hands as they formerly did ; and to give them in exchange such commodities as they have for sale. There is no likelihood whatever that a settler would give his servants money to go to the public house, to drink amidst thieves and fiddles, when he had it in his power to prevent them by withholding the cash. As to the penalty, we can see no hardship in the case. If it is incurred, the settler will have himself to blame. The morals and com- forts of the industrious labourer are not to be lost sight of merely to suit the interests of the settler who thinks fit to become a dealer in rum. In a former number we entered at some length into the merits of this question, and would refer our readers to those remarks for an entire refutation of what has been ad- vanced by the Monitor on the subject, and in doing so we again repeat, that the new re- gulations will be productive of great good ; for, by putting it out of the power of the settlers to sell spirits, a temptation will be removed which experience has long since shown us to be the most pernicious in its effects. There is scarcely a crime committed but what has been done under the influence of drink. Were it necessary to life or health, or did it at all contribute to the hap- piness of man, we should be sorry for its curtailment, but when the very reverse of this is the case, we can only rejoice that the Government should interfere to root out an evil which has been long upon the increase in this Colony, and which has already been productive of the most disastrous conse- quences. ——*—— The Duke of York is reported to have been again seriously attacked prior to the departure of the Andromeda. We hope it's not true. " The Report (says the last Australian) which appeared in the Sydney Gazette on Thursday, of the case of libel, PASHLEY v. HALL and HILL, in the Supreme Court the preceding day, is a tissue of misrepresen- tation." As we can appeal to Mr. Solici- tor KEITH, and other of his legal Brethren, as well as to a score of other Gentlemen, as to the accuracy of the report given in our Journal, we call upon the Australian to disprove the statement, but not by his sim- ple denial, for no one will believe such an unsupported dictum. "I love a foe like CATHMOR---his soul is great---athmo»-hrs'twul sr¿r«»*-Ms arm is strmifr-Iii» (willes mo full of f.tme. But the /.itt/.b Houi. i* like a vnpmir tliat liovcis rouml tlie nuiibliv hike; it never rises in I lie green liill, lest lln> nîinls nici't it tin-re. lis dwelling is in tim cave, mid ii si'inls forlli llie dart of death." From a man, living as the Editor of the Australian is said to live, it cannot be any surprise that even an "affected religious vengeful ire und maledictions of those whose practices are openly and systematically con- demned by pursuits of a contrary com- such men would be as dangerous to one's moral and political character, as it is ho- nourable, in our judgment, to be abused, ours, else we would be inclined to remu- nerate the Australian in his own coin, but escape on the score of charity, though we years' respectable and venerated Methodist. maternal and universally respected relative Kings, and that so truly excellent a parent may have the felicity, ere her eyes ure closed darling, lier hopeful chiid. Upon sincerely reflecting on the notice, which the Editor of the Australian was pleased to take of us, and our leaders, in his last, we really ought to be much obliged to him, for we find, in endeavouring to sink us down to hell, he has exulted us to the skies. Ile seems to have constituted us every thing but-a Bishop ; and were it not that his previous Journals have given demonstra- pursuits, we should really have taken him foran " expelled member of society." But, can that man be pious, who deliberately and maliciously fabricates a calumnious sen- Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, it is tendered ! ! !" by the Editor of ' The not meet a ready answer, we reply, such a piety, though he might affect to be as pious, as the Australian affects to be inde- pendent occasionally ; but then, ere con- demnation pass, proof of the alleged " deliberate malice" must be adduced, and if the accuser fail in that point, away goes the fabric he has raised to the attempted prejudice of the accused. The Australian professes to be a lawyer ; he therefore can- not expect tis to prove his case-we deny his assertions-we give the flattest .contra- diction to the charge, which we will not say, after the high character he has given us, was malevolently concocted-and we leave him, the said Dr. Wardell-(a £1000 London case, &c.; to wit !) to substantiate that the paragraph was either a " fabri- cation"-a " malicious fabrication"-or a "deliberate and malicious fabrication"-or that we penned the said " fabrication," admitting it to be such. There's as much malice existing in our breast against Dr. Wardell, as that which we manifested to- wards one Davidson, who attempted to as- sassinate us, when we not only with our momentarily expected last breath hoped that he might experience forgiveness for his foul murder, but also were constrained to beg the man's life prior to his condemnation ; and Dr. Wardell had as much right to attempt the destruction of our moral and political character, in the commencement of his po- litical career in this Colony, as Davidson had grounds to deprive us of that which he could not give; for it was proved that we had never spoken to-never interfered with the deluded creature. This, in our opinion, is a parallel case, which is the only reason we have for making the illustration ; for we es- teem character more precious than life ; and our character is not to be impugned by the Editor of any Journal with those whose esteem ice value ; it cannot be; it is estab- lished upon a basis that neither Dr. War- dell, nor his paper, nor his few friends, can shake, though we must nevertheless confess that he has given " the Editor of the Syd- ney Gazette" credit for more zeal and devotedness, in tie best of causes, than he can ever acquire. Yes, yes ; we admit that a " Religious Order would be brought into disrepute" could there exist within its pale such a monster as Dr. Wardell has described us to be; but, as we said before, all the frothings of his little soul will neither affect our mind, nor can they undermine that res- ' pectabiliiy which we have arduously and ho- nourably acquired. If we thought we could preach with success, and only be allowed one sermon, and Dr. Wardell were amongst the congregation, we should try our utmost skill in strenuously exhorting them " to TURN FROM THEIR WICKEDNESS AND live !" But we- have never yet had that pleasure, since it is rumoured that the Doc- tor's otherwise engaged on the Sabbath ! We are sorry to understand, that the writer-not the Editor of the Sydney Gazette-was misinformed, inasmuch as it is now said that " there is not one word of truth in the assertion regarding the alleged apology to Mr. Carter." But we can rea- dily account for this non-malicious error this non-deliberate falsehood-»-from the cir- cumstance of the fact being'on record, in many instances, and thatintheeolumnsofhis own Journal, that several apologies have been tendered and accepted by parlies who have been libelled by Dr. Wardell. Shall we name them ? The high respectability of the innocent victims of his slander forbids such rashness ; but the truth, the ivhole truth, and nothing but the truth, shall soon come forth. It is said that we did not " even , venture to assert that we received on the wings of rumour what was published ;" whereas the.words "it is thought," and " hears," imast convince the most bigotted -mind that the writer was not fully satis- fied of the fact. But, suppose we, our. self, had stated the circumstance-suppose . ira lathered the report-where is the proof of " malice"-of " deliberate malice" to be found ? At the most, it would be only a harmless and laughable squib-but a squib the high-minded gentleman and scholar cannot bear ; oh, it is monstrously shocking to come in contact with vulgarity-the dust from the dustman so adheres that there's no obliterating the marks of such an association. If the Doctor has made up his £3000, why don't he return to the place whence he came? But, if he will remain in such ill bred, and uncollegiate company, he must' of course take all the consequences. As it may be insinuated that Mr. Car- ter was anxious for an apology on the part of Dr. Wardell, who we have no doubt would gladly rush into this gentleman's arms, if there were any hopes of a pardon, we feel authorised to state that the learned Gentle- man, who was once extolled to the skies, in that very paper in which he has since been held up as a mark of public scorn, would not, upon any consideration, compromise his public character by the acceptance of any apology, however basely couched. No, no ; Mr. Carter will seek that redress which his zeal, his honour, and his public usefulness imperatively demand. The Doctor would make it out that we, ure friendless and forlorn ! Why this insi- nuation, Doctor ? Art thou envious of a brother's popularity ? Dost thou not relish the late movements of thy brother, of the Sydney Gazette ? Are thy glories becom- ing eclipsed ? Is thy Journal, friend, on the retrogade ? What-a diminution-eh ? " Who can stand before envy ?" If thy brother Journalist " is in the path to ruin," in what path art thou, dearly beloved ? Pr'ythee, be not angry. Art thou in the path to wealth and fame-or to poverty and contempt ? Such would be our enquiñes of the Doctor, who seems so anxious for our spiritual and temporal welfare, were it not that we -know we have his best wishes for our. . He says w e have a " mind un torturcd (unluioicd) by experience." G rauted ; we have not had, and are thankful we have not had, the same experience as the Australian. But we are " unameliorated by education." Aye, aye, there's the rub ! We are not the gentleman and the scholar that the Doctor wants. Ile requires a col- legian, who could submit to be kicked hi- ther and thither-but our education is too home-spun, and too xmsophisticatul, for the Doctor-it is what may be called giving the finishing stroke to his "ex| erieuce." But we are "unrefined by judicious reading." Will he tell us what we ought to read ? Of law books we have but a few ; and as for the Statesman, we have not the ghost of one. Notwithstanding all these dire mishaps, how comes it to pass that we despatch three Journals a-wcek, any one of which contains as much original and select matter as two of the Australian ? And as for our leaders--the greatest variety of all kinds of news-and the latest information-they are facts fully sub- stantiated by the opinion which the Public libeiallymanifest in behalf of our Herculean, patriotic, and extraordinary labours. We do not puff ourselves off like the Australian, be- cause we are not in the same declining con- dition ; but, so long as we continue to enjoy the superiority of the public patronage, to at least one-third, we have reason to be satis lied and thankful. The Doctor wonders and many others wonder also-how we ma- nufacture leaders in such abundance, but this may be assimilated to the arcana im- peril-one of those mysteries which will have to be explained among other extraordi- nary events in the course of time. As we before had occasion to remark, it is to us immaterial how many papers are published in the Colony ; we are their father, their common parent, and to us it is natural they should look up for support and patronage, and next to ourselves we hopp to witness the success of the Australian, the Monitor, and the Gleaner, or Messrs. Wardell, Hall, and Halloran equally prosper. Weare sorry to lind, as regards the miti îe gation of punishment, that Dr. Wardell ,'e has not tendered the alleged apology, since th it .would not have been more disgraceful than novel ; and it is worthy of remark, by way of concluding these stiictures, hud we even given insertion to a delibérate und muli íd cious j'ulsehood, as stated hy the Doctor, we le should have been perfectly justified in the se act, if it was intended we were to be guided or influenced by Dr. Wardell's dogma-a doctiine never yet rescinded-wherein it is stated, by the gentlcmuuly aud scholastic Auslraliun -" We shall never condemn any one for resorting tj any eypedie.vt by tvhich im mediate lelivf may be obtained!.'.'" i -«r^» A Mr. Murray has jumped into the command of the Phoenix hulk. Mr. Sleight, who, we are glad to hear, on account of the loss he sustained by Captain Mitchell, of the Slaney, in seizing the Almorah, has been placed in the command Id of the ship Australia, formerly commanded e(| by the late Captain Wi lson. The Austra- gt l.ia is chartered, by the Australian Agri ist cultural Company, to leturn to this Colony, »o so that Mr. Sleight will leave his wife and D family here. at " The Hero of our Tales,"-alias r> the Editor of the Australian-calls our wrath " moscheto wrath." If such be ¡le the fact, what an object of commiseration 2y must the poor Doctor be ? Why he must it be quite ulcerated from the sole of his foot of to the crown of his head ; .-mci as we bite >d and sting all the year round, in our own ti_ defence, as well in winter as in summer, he ._ can have but little rest. But likely enough, r- this is a tale of Brother Bob's, "founded m oh fiction I //' ¡s Some people say that the Gleaner will not >n make its appearance-others fear it-but fe we aje prepared to hail it as another child, lie let who-will be the Editor. If there were r>f four Editors we all miglit take one-fouith Is of Governor fiteel's mansion to ourselves, le and thus form a Joint, Stock Company. >ii Messrs. Howe, Wardell, Hall, and Hallo in t ran, would render the daily statement of the le Governor of the prison pretty conspicu " ous. Besides whi.'h, only consider the chit id chat it would afford throughout the various d circles. Well, well-we are so polite, that j_ we would yield our priority of rank, in t_ that case, in favour of Dr. Wardell. Sec ! ie . the Doctor's angry again ! >y id 