THE FABULOUS.' , ria our namber for last week we adrertedtb «. few - of the singular cotuments of the Sydney -pre»! upon ourstlvt-s, and during the present rleaith of English or other news of interest, we shall perhaps be for- given for an attempt to entertain our readers with a v" Anther extract from ' these amusing, works.? Mr. . Robert Howe, Editor of the Sydney Gazette, in Firs numbc for the 30th of January last, has chosen > through the medium of that Journal, the official or-. gan of Government public communications, to call . us a base poltrooa, to pubjish to the world that we .' arc foul-mouthed, atic^, hypocritical, that we ar« . mean, and that wc bespatter the Government. His - words are these-" if we would only breathe «list we > think on this subject, (the subject of Mr. Bent's not having a license to print a newspaper) we are salis- - fied that our exclamations of petrifaction and asto- .? nishtnent would shake Van Diemen's land to its veiy * centre. If no one else had obtained a license, then. * indeed the British public might have been satisfied ; > i but when we see base poltroons, for the sake of ob- , tdining leave to print, meahly, wantonly, and un- < necessarily, bespatter a Government with their foul- * mouthed, hypucritiral eulogiums, then we cannot > help saying, that,it was most unwise, and extremely . improper, not to give a license to a third party. ? (meaning Mr. Bent) because his paper happened to be, in some respects, better conducted than its con- ?? temporaries." Now it is as unnecessary < for us to '"', refute these chargt s as it is impossible for Mr. Robt. Howe to rctMct or compensate for them. His attack is unwarranted, uncalled for, and unprovoked, and if he has one reader «ho joins him in his feeling against us, (and we think it impossible that there cant -'. " be one) wc wish him distinctly to understand, that the pleasure ne ourselves derive from the above at- . * tick, does not in the least detract from our powcrof punishing the aggressor. Our complacency on (his \ " and similar occasions is to. bo attributed solely to the prudence and philosophy ne hive acquired in/ (ne course of a long, emitful, and observant life. ^ We manifest out displeasure when a servant neglect» .>t' > Ins duty, »vc would assume passion if ah equal pro- . ' voked us, bul Mr. Robert Howe stands neither in the - one nor the other relation. We »eseive our anger * for nobler objects than such as he, and as lie has in - his comments upon us chosen to Commit himself, : and as ne last neck honoured him and his con- "' temporaries with some gentle advice, lie must now ~> submit to as gentle a chastisement. He has in fact made himself fair game, with which we shall amuse ourselves whenever the fancy takes us, as we would with a football. " Oh dear Mr. Courier, we hear him cry, I confess I have gone too far, but I ant ready lo giie you the satisfaction of a gentleman.1' A gentleman ! quotha, .Mr. Robert, we shall some ? day instruct you in the essentials of a gentleman, of which yon are as giossly ignorant as you arc unequal In the management of a public journal. 'You can no more give us the satisfaction of a gentleman than you can that'of a respectable public writer, for you can Jay no daim to ufhei character. " Well then, say you, (I beg your pardon, and I hope you will handle me gently." Handle you ! did you say ? . What! contaminate our fingers willi the tonohnf " Robert Hone, the editor, printer, and prnpru tor of < the Sydney Gazette! Forbid it ghost of Faustus-« » forbid it Minerva. If the straits of Bass will not separate us, wo have other means to maintain «mr distance.-Come hither Van Tromp, we require your/,' sciviccs. . » , Now it is necessary to explain to the reader that this Mr. Van Tromp is a nry old friend and ser- vant of ours, who his lately bien exhibiting before', the K'ngs of Europe. His nthlt tie powers aa-stu- pendous. Henas the first lo introduce gyinnastia exercises lo the citizen« of Vienna, Paris and Lon- don. He usually «nlks on stilts of from 30 to 109 yariK'in h ngih, and yearning uîth a'de'sire to revisit us, his old friend and master, he arrived in this co- lony on board the Flying Dutchman, of 800 tons; nindi our readers will recollect lately touched at ^ Port Dalry nipfe, full of high bred cattle and hornes for both our great Companies. Hobart town, how-, cvernfl'orded him but fen delights, and afterenjoy-( ,, ing the converse of (unes past for a few days, we < v alioMcd him to rerreate himself among the hills of J, the interior. It has been his custom occasionally to\, muse op the top of Mount Wellington, whick be as- cends at seven steps. He ha* as it were, hopped , from summit to summit, of ají our high peales ,andt , mountains. He Ins completely explored the inter- ^ nal geognphy of both Van Diemen's land 'and Nc«f South Wales. He has stood on the top of the Blne4 Mountains and has looked down upon Sydney." He has sat in the parson's pulpit in Maria Iidand,-'^ he has reposed on Wylde Scrag, and after some search ne found bim reclining, in a contemplative mood, on the top of the Frenchman's Cap. It iir ' from 1 ii» we etpect chiefly to derive our materials for the art of sheepslealing, and our complete geogra-, .' phical and statistical map of the island, which'we. pioposeshortly to give the public. Mounting on hisL" 'hack he quiikly hopped with us over to Sydney,v and ne directed bim to alight in Charlotte place, the . _ dwelling of Robert Hewe, whom we found on «ho; steps leading to his printing office. "Tap his knobi; /, Vm," said ne, and presently our faithful servant''-1 ..' lilted one of his stilts and hit bim on the crown, . blow nhlch Ia,id him sprawling on lue ground, roar- ing for mercy. Who bpspatters the Government of New South Wales with Ins foul-mouthed hypocrisy» "Ido. I do," cried Robert. Who murders*hie mothers' English-who disgusts the public', and for* feits all pretensions lo common sense,-offends ^" ' against the commonest principles of taste, by his l! v long, sprawling, spluttering, .. advance Australia,"' Svdncy Gazelles? and all the time be yelped, and' "*> squeaked and equawled out, "I do,Ido,"-^m» Van tickled his bones with his long pole. Which is the " worst conducted journal in Australasia? said Van. The Sydney Gazette. Will you ever dare to breathe ' what you think again- ever.attcmpt to exclaim with . petrifaction, or to shake Van Diemen's land to ile very centre? and with that Van hooked poor Ro- bert on the point of his long stick, and gave th». t miserable creature such a shaking, that if ever it had» - ' any brains, they must then have been completely, ,-? . addleb, and all the time it squeaked out, .. Nayeft more-never more ; mercy, mercy." Who is an in». . pudent, self sufficient, base .poltroon ? «' I am,»' said Robert, *' I am, I Robert Howe, editor, printer, and proprietor of the Sydney Gazette, Charlotte place, > Sydney, am a base, drivelling.liypocritical poltroon/' . ami with that Van Tromp gave him a great,kick in the breech, right down the steps, into a deep puddle^ of mud, where be left bim, and hopping back . withe"«»;, ourselves under his arnU he set us down on the,top ot r.. M nuns. Direction» whence we walked, ititi nioniingt quietly and leisurely Into Hobailtown. " VT", . "" , , 