^ASMAKIAN PEESS.^ The Times says, that the vise of the first Independent Newspaper forms an era in the growth of every community. It gives wings to intelligence—concentrates and perpetuates a host of sympathies, which might otherwise have perished for the want of mutual excitement-combines dispersed interests—fosters new enterprises—and communicates fresh spirit and motion throughout the whole political machine. The Aew Monthly Magazine, one of the most respectable publications of the kind in England, with a very extensive circulation, and conducted by "Mr. CAMPBELL, the celebrated Author and Poet, says, that the Press lays open every corner of the earth, its productions and wants, for the direction of mercantile speculation ; analyses every discovery in science, and endeavours to turn all to a useful account, nothing being lost; it enforces a habit of reflection that leads to improvement, and thus opens new sources to national wealth; it cherishes freedom, the very breath of honorable life; it exposes folly and crime, without distinction of persons ; it spreads ihe glory of England over the whole-earth ; it defends our privileges, and overawes our national foes, bv displaying the front of public opinion, that wall of tuple brass, against external enemies; it controls the Members of Government, some of whom appear sensible of its value, if we may judge from the few instances of prosecution it has experienced recently in that quarter. With these forcible though brief opinions on the advantages of a Free Press, from such able publications as the above, can any man, who is a friend to his country or to mankind, hesitate in admitting it has been exceedingly ill-judged to put the Free Press of this Island, in a freo British unconquered Colony, under the restrictions of a License and Stamp-duty. England or America, or in fact in any other of His Majesty's Colonies, except Van Diemen's Land, no such oppressive laws are known, as licensing the Pi ess, much less suppressing it altogether; as we expericn- ced in this free British Colony, without . trial, or any specific cause being assignd by the Authorities; It is only with the esotted Governments of the Continent, with Spain and the dominion of the creature that governs it, with Austria and Russia, that the Press is chained down in fetters. Let England be contrasted with them. Let our beloved Monarch, King GEORGE the FOURTH, seen travelling long.distances on the roads of his country, without guards, or more numerous attendants than would accompany the private Gentleman, well known, yet as perfectly secure as if lie.were the humblest individual, be compared with the Continental Kings, and it will be said, that they cannot venture to copy such an example.— Curbing the Press is very injurious to-those who attempt it: a Free Press is the characteristic of a free and upright Govern ment—it shews the high sense of what is due from Man to Man, the discriminating knowledge of the age, originating in the freedom of discussion; will not fawn on the one hand, whilst on the other, it is perfectly sensible upon what shoulders to fix the just load ; and to convince all that the rights of the Citizen are blended with those of the Monarch. The people of those countries which are dispossessed of the freedom of unrestricted publication, are indiiferent as to their national integrity. Why, therefore, the free People of this country should be deprived oftheirbirth-rightin a Free Press— a blessing aud the noblest gift of Heaven, next to the hope of immortality, we are wholly at a loss to account f«r upon rational principles. We repeat, that no particular reasons have ever been given publicly for depriving the People of this Colony of the only Free Press they ever enjoyed. It was indirectly insinuated that it had too powerful an effect upon the illiterate ; but it is well known to be from other causes that the Weekly Free Press was thus so suddenly suppressed. The lower classes, in bondage or otherwise, of this Colony, think very little of Politics-at all events they reason but little about them. It is the middle class of the People of England over which the Press exercises the greatest control; in like manner, we may say the same in this Colony. The astonishing increase of publications in England during* the last few years, we may say since the termination of the war, shews how much the spirit of enquiry in enlarged ; and this increase of demand for the publications of the Press is accompanied by an amazingly productive revenue, flourishing manufactures, and a more harmonious state of feeling at home. The Press is for all times, and for every people ; therefore, he is void of sense aud reason who expects the perpetually advancing mind of man ever to stand still; aud he is an enemy to Civil Liberty who attempts, bv coercive measures, to place a check on the progress of » human knowledge. Tire stability of a Go- vernment ought in a great measure to depend upon the openness and ing<§niousness of ife acts, of which the Press is the exhibitor; for a Government "is only a great Family, which should have no mysteries among its members. This has been admitted from time immemorial; consequently, if there areuo mysteries among the members oftbis Government, we ask why should not public measures be freely discussed ; which cannot be fearlessly done where there is neither a Free Press nor Trial by Jury.— We add Trial by Jury, for this institution and a Free Press mutually support each other : the validity and excellence of the one must be tried by the other. No country can possess any thing worthy the name of liberty where the Press is not. The freedom of discussion is, to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health, no pleasure can be tasted by man ; without free discussion, no happiness can bfc enjoyed by society. In the designs of the Governor of the World, for the advancement of men to more elevated degrees of knowledge and moral feeling, liberty appears to be the active agent; those countries (for instance England and America) which are most free, being the most powerful, wise, and wealthy. la free countries, spy systems, aud attempting to ruin a man and his family in the dark, can never exist; though they are resorted to in despotic countries, to accomplish the most trivial matters. We have numerous recoids of this description in our possession, which we shall reserve for a future day. The Pr^ss in all free countries, by infusing a better moral feeling, and recording public opinion, restraining folly, checking oppression and tyranny, acts more beneficial than a Minister of Police, with an army of armed men, and an office of passports and licenses, inadmissible where a shade of freedom exists. We have been induced to make these remarks, in consequence of the lamentable fact' of this Colony being now deprived of a Weekly Free Press. Our readers all know that the Colonial 7\mcs, set on foot by, and the sole property of A N'DRF.W BENT.was the only Journal in this Colony, which ever dare speak the sentiments of the people, for which the unfortunate Proprietor was imprisoned—heavily lined—and his paper since suppressed, notwithstanding the real authors could have been produced, and manfully offered to stand forward in open Court; but Mr. Bent was found guilty without a copy of the papers containing the alleged libellous matter being proved to have been purchased of the Publisher, so as to bring the publication home'to him, according to the Laws of England. We cannot here help remarking, that, in a trial for libel, the King r. j S Shackeii, in the Court of King's Bench, on | the &2d-of November last, Mr. Justice . BAYLEY, in pronouncing the sentence of } the Court, said-" These things were j brought to his (the defendant's) office in J manuscript, and these manuscripts were destroyed. If any man, whose feelings were " wounded by such imputations, had access to the hand-writing" in which they were conveyed, he might possibly find a clue to the REAL offender (leaning of course the real author), and inflict punishment tcherc it ought most justly to fall/ But this mifonablc mode of pursuing investigation was evaded by the destruction of the manuscript. This was to support a system which protected secret malignity, and diminished the public security against wrong-doers."— Now, it is well know n, that, on our prose cution, w^ did not only give up the REAL authors, but also their wauuscripts! which •we were vrged to do by one writer, and at liberty so to do with respect to the other; vet notwithstanding this, the defendant was not allowed to do so. The Publisher, it would seem, was to suffer imprisonment for the doings of oihas. .And, notwithstanding the publicly avowed object of prosecuting the Printer, instead of the authors, was iu the meantime, if not previously, actually EF- FECTED ; namely, to force the removal of a certain able political writer from his connexion with our establishment, we were nevertheless, to the utter astonishment of every person, called upon to pay the fines, \ before we were liberated from prison, ^Vith respect to the c.iuc..^ evidence adduced on | the trial, w e were found guilty principally upon the testimony of one person, shortly d before in our employ at a very liberal salary, whose evidence went chiefly to prove b a similarity of the delineations of the Unicorn's tail that appeared at the head of the w Journal; but, in order that our readers may now more clearly understand our case in that respect, we shall trouble them with the following instance of the " Glorious uncertainty of "the Laic," taken from the Colonial Times of January 12,1827 :— [Our readers are aware, that upon the last trial of Mr. Bent, for libel, the only proof of printing and publishing, was the production of a ^Newspaper, without shew ing where it was printed or published, or from whom it came; but the case was assisted by Mr. Evan Henry Thomas, as to the delineation of the unicorn's tail. At the trial, and afterwards in arrest of judgment, it was forcibly urged by our Counsel (Mr. GELLIBRAND), that there was not sufficient evidence to go to the Jury, of the printing and publibhing ; and various cases were quoted to shew, that we ought to have been acquitted, but the Chief Justice PEDDER ruled otherwise, and in consequence we have suffered six mouths' incarceration in -the Gaol of HobartTown, and have been compelled to pay a tine of £300 sterling, together with law and other expeuses, amounting to near £600. The best of Judges are liable to err; and it is clear to us, that if we had been tried by the CHIEF JUSTICE OF ENGLAND, instead of the CHIEE JUSTICE ofVAN BUSMEN'S LAND, that we must have been acquitted. But who shall decide, when doctors disagree." h It appears by the Morning H&ald; of Dec. 1825, that the Proprietor of the Morning Chronicle was prosecuted for libel; and the following proof and decision was given : —• " The certificate from the Stamp-office, to show the defendant was the proprietor of the Morning Chronicle, was offered in evidence.—The defendant admitted the fact. "Another witness proved that Jie purchased the member containing the alleged libel. _ " The letter was then read by the officiate. It was that which was cited by plaintiff's Counsel. " Another number of the Morning Chronicle, dated the 14th of December instant, was offered in evidence. _ " Defendant's Counsel objected to the proof of this being defendant's paper, unless a copy was produced from the Stampoffice. The officer from that office did not bring with him this copy. " Mr. Sergeant TADDY would not admit it to be defendant's paper unless the usual proof was given. He before admitted the fact of Mr. Clement's being the proprietor of the Chronicle, but the paper of the lAik MIGHT NOT BE His, and it should be proved Mr. Sergeant VAUGHAN said that a section in the Act of Parliament .on this point admitted a newspaper with the name of the efendant as publisher, proprietor, &c.; to e put in evidence. The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE said there as not any difference" here between crimi nal and civil proceedings, and the paper should be proved in the regular way. Any man owing a grudge to the defendant might publish a libel in a paper, and put the de fendant's name to it. THIS PAPER THUS OFFERED WAS NO EVIDENCE." Now this case is on all fours with ours We admitted the Proprietorship of the Paper—the Attorney-Geueral produced paper which might be ours, but it was not proved, and according to English Law " the paper thus offered was no evidence." We expect after this to have our money returned to us, and a compensation for an imprisonment, which we consider to have been ILLEGAL.] We should not now recall these unpleasant facts to recollection, but for certain circumstances which have transpired since we instituted the Colonial Advocate. The Hobart Toxin Gazette,.our bona fide property, was first piratically taken from us—we were next heavily fined and imprisoned— afterwards our second paper suppressed — and now it appears our third publication, because two of its numbers have slightly I canvassed PUBLIC MEASURES AND MEN ! ; is offensive to the A utliorities. The facts connected with this annoyance, have been comniunicated to us in writing from a pri vate hand, shewing that they are intended to reduce the spirit of the Colonial Advocate. Prom other circumstauces which also recently occurred, there seems a constant wish, somewhere, to master its ghost of a free spirit, and to confine it to tho most narrow aud petty regulations But could those who indulge in their vituperations against the SHADOW of a Free Press, as the Colonial Advocate only is> and carry the matter in their own way, nothing would ever be allowed to appear in this print but what is copied from the sham uewspapers (as our S>yduey friends call them), published in Van Diemeu's Laud. If a scrutiny into the actions and measures of public men, and if the pursuit of truth, must cease at the will aud pleasure of the Authorities themselves, aud free discussion be chained to the formalities of the most narrow-minded aud self-consequential of human practices, reared on the edifice of folly, and when one humble individual has toVtand against the. strong aim of power, is there not something wanting on the part of the People? We acknowledge with gratitude the suppoit we have derived from the People. Public opiniou has everbeeu unequivocally expressed in our favour; only for this support, we might have falien under the accumulated load of those injuries^which hav.e assailed us ; but still there remains something to be d9ne, to establish the Press of this Colony on a firm basis.— When the Colonial Times was suppressed, there was souie talk about forming a body to protect the Liberal Press. In fact, the views of some of the most intelligent and respectable men in the Island, who were the promoters of it, were communicated to us ou the subject. If the spirit of the People be not yet completely broken, would not something of the kind be now adviseable 1 Would it uot be an object for their consideration very desirable for the real advancement of the Colony, iu every point of view? for, as Dr. Johnson says, where there is no printing, the people must be barbarous indeed. What we would therefore wish to see done by the Colonists, is, to protect and defend their own Civil Rights, by supporting the Press, in the absence of Trial by Jury, in some manner similar to the following :— LIBERTY OF THE PREIAS. [From the Glasgow Free Press.] ' A very important proceeding is now in progress in Glasgow, viz. the formation of a Society on a large scale, for the greater advancement of liberal principles in the city, and for the more efficient support of all political measures which require the aid of the public voice. " Already a Committee of about twenty Gentlemen has been appointed to enquire into the best means of securing these objects, and that Committee, we understand, will be called upou, this week, to make their Report. " After the Report is made, and the Laws agreed to., a General Meeting will be called of the numerous persons known to . he favourable to liberal principles, a fort- <as nigut or a. m.mth after tue iCfejiort shall bo out isito their hands. * - Ft is intended that each member shall be called upon to subscribe annuallv, or contribute at entrance, to form a fund to be appropriated to the 'advancement of the great cause of Reform-to defending the Liberal Press, when arbitrarily prosecuted or to be employed in any other way that the Members may deem conducive to the cause, *' Such are the leading outlines,-as far as we have heard, of this intended Whig, or Reform Club of Glasgow, and upon these outlines we propose to offer a few observations." When such cool-headed people as the North Britons see the necessity of defending the Press, when arbitrarily prosecuted, surely the Tasnianians cannot hesitate in doing something* of the same kind, without supposing that they would thereby incur the displeasure of the " Powers that be.'* They are the more called upon to step forward, when they find that ho ONE individual, however great his recourses maybe, can stand forth alone to advocate their interests firmly and openly, under the present circumstances of the Colony. There is a species of moral obligation incumbent, upon ALL who arc connected with the Press to support each other; but where there are three Presses in a Colony, and /uo out of the three,, which do not, or dare not speak the sentiments of the People, in a fair legitimate manner, how can it be expected, that the other can stand alone, under existing- circumstances. !n order to shew our readers how severe the Authorities have beeu on the Tasmanian Press, with the gigantic powers of the Attorney- General, in the present enlightened times, we shall conclude this article with briefly stating, that Judge ASUURST, in an address to the Jury at Warwick, in 1797, went so far as to allow—" that it would not only be recommendable, but the bounden duty of every man, to take arms, and resist the attempts of the Executive Power, if it strove to wrest from the People the Liberty of the Press and Trial by Jury :" — an acknowledgment, however true in itself, that no lawyer on the Bench would make in the present day. Our only object in giving these patriotic feelings from a Judge on the Bench, is to shew the difference of opinion in the Judges. We have inserted the opinion publicly delivered by an English Judge; but the glorious Constitution of our country presents other means than those of actual force, for the attainment of every legitimate object. Steady perseverance, on the part of the People, never losing sight of what has once been taken in hand; and unanimity will finally effect wonders ; | —and these are what we would recommend to our fellow Colonists. New South Wales and Van Piemen's Laud are supposed to be sroverued bv the same Acts of Parliament. I hi tue eld^ Colony, the Ctiief Just'ce FORBES would. IIO( certify to a Colonial Act, intending to put the Newspapers in that Colony under a License, nor to compel the People to pay Stamp-duty. In Van Diemeu's Land, however, the Chief Justice PEDDER has certified to both Acts of Council, licensing and taxing the Tasmauian Press, in a manner which actually confers on Lieutenant Governor A KTH uifthe power to suppress a Paper, no matter how long it has been established, however injurious it may be to the Proprietor, or without permitting an appeal to the Supreme Court, or any other Tribunal, as is the case even in a despotic Government, like that of India ; —nay, the Publisher receives his doom without the slightest WARNING, NOTICE, or TRIAL ! ! I 