Shipping intelligence. On Wednesday last arrived, from Port Macquarie, H.M.S. Rainbow, the Honor- able Captain Rous. The Portland, for Calcutta,, and Ihe Fre 'derick, for Batavia, are announced to sail on Sunday next ; and the Boddington», for London, und Guide, for Calcutta, on the 12th ¡natani. " What astonishes us is, where is Chief Justice FORBES ? Has he indeed certified to the inquisitorial Act about Musters ? Has he indeed certified to this now Impounding Act? No, never ; it is positively another 'Stamp Act mistake." Such is one of the many paragraphic cavillings that appeared in the last number of the Monitor, wherein the Editor undertakes to discuss the policy and legality of the Census Act and lmpoun ing Act. There is no '' mistake,*' however, regarding either of, those recent Acts, or with reference to the Stamp Act itself. Chief Justice FORBES certifies to every Act. His 'Honor certified to the Census or Muster Act \--to the Impounding Act->and also, as we stated at the time the Act was passed, to the Stamp Act itself. " Mistake" is quite out of the question. The Stamp Act was properly . passed, and legally certified by Chief Justice FORBES. There was not even the ghost of a mistake ; but how it carne to be suspended or abrogated, after it was certified, passed, and promulgated, is one of those cabinet se crets which it is not easy, and perhaps not at all times judicious, to unlock. The Mo- nitor, therefore, is decidedly incorrect in averring that the recent Acts, which that papar deprecates, are " Stamp Act mis takes." It is not for us to allow, under any circumstances, the public reputation of Chief -Justice FORBES to be thus jesuiticully at. i tacked, without at once steadily contradicting the insinuation that the Monitor, to our view, has perhaps inadvertently levelled at His Honor, by an uncalled for personal at tack. There was no "mistake," we again , repeat it, in certifying to the Stamp Act. It is well known we were opposed to that Act ; but if Dr. DOUGLASS had only remained in the Colony, he would have been compelled to, render certain explanations which would havethrown considerable light on that-rather obscure subject;-or had a civil action been instituted against us for alleged libel, in lieu of a dastardly criminal prosecation, wa re- peat it that certain explanations would hove jibeen elicited, had Dr. DOUGLASS remained »hera, which might have been of considerable , moment to those of our Readers who feel in ,. terested in the suspension of the properly cer. tiñedStamp Act.-Dr. DOUGLASS, the Clerk .. of the Legislative Council, could ventuie to v. intintate to the Editor ol tue Monitor, by the Editor's own subsequent declaration in print, that he had a hand in the auspensio « , of the Stamp Act. Will such a thing be ci edited ? And yet the Editor of the Syd * ney Gazette is under criminal prosecution for alleged libel against an individual who could hazard such a disclosure as that to which ne have alluded, whether tiue or false. Such a prosecution, how*ver, whatever may betts late, to which weare quite indifferent, and to. which weare not prepared to say that any . defence will even be made, for weare break 'ing dawn beneath an intolerable load of in , gratitude, such a prosecution, we repeat it, i we feel ia as honorable to us, as it inav prove «disgraceful to others. Though «. may have the mest unbounded confidence in the impartiality and justice of Their Honors of the Supreme Court, yet is ii not a harrowing teflection to a mind, gifted with any su>ceptibility, to be obliged to sub nit to the ordeal of a criminal pro.-ecuiion, tbe consequences of which may be attended .with heavy fine or imprisonment, if not both, 'without having it in our power to bring for- ward the only witness tha,t we should require, namely, Dr. DOUGLASS, the prosecutor? For the Judges of the land, we trust we shall, jMver be deficient in unqualified respect ; but aepartiaaatanding in the relation of al leged of- fenders against <¿e law, and us Englishmen, .nd as Editora into the bargain, we shall never losa si^htof the hardship of being placación our trial, which it appears must be the case, w ithout tlit benefit of Dr. DOUGLASS' testimony, of which, if we could have availed ourselves, we abetdd ba «atisfied even with ». verdict of ' guilty.-in ihe cusa of the King against Shark*!!, at the in tanre of a' Mr. Hartshorn, disposed of in November last, at the Court of Kind's Benth, the prosecutor presented liiiii well' in the witness box, and became exposed to a very so vet e examination on the part of the defendant. In the case of the King against Bradley, also at the Court of King's Benth, at the inslain eof Gem ral Fuller, the Gene- ral appealed in the w itness box. In the&rse; of the King agaimt Howe, at the instance of Mr. Attorney Gémirai BANNISTER, the learned Gentleman furnished the defendant an opportunity of exumiuing him, and so, in faet, this pi act ico appears t*. have universally ob- tain) d. In ou i cuse however, the King versus Howe, at the instance of Dr. Douglass, we are cut vlf I rom the advantage of the prose- cutor's testimony. Whether it would be beneficial to the defence ia not the ques- tion ; the question ib, whether his testimony might not bo ndvnnt.-geous to the de. fence, and thereby indeed hangs a tale ! But this ia not the only action that is pending over our head at the instance of Dr. DOUG- LAS«, for a civil pi o ess lius been commenced, since hi« departuio, for the publication of a letter signed " OBSERVER," in which some«' thing concerning "cabinet dinners" ia spoken of. This is a,miserable piftmy attempt to harass an alieady 'insulted individual, and one that only calla ftr.tur unmingled'con- tempt. Trifling and innocent aa the letter is, )«t we are piepaied -to justify, and we only regret that equal gencrosiiyfaad not been displayed in the other rase. Bat to what point of the compass have we diverged } We beg our Rcadeia' indul- gence for having wandered from the topic on which we intended originally to descant, namely, the sttictures in the last Monitor, with regard to two of the recent Acts of Council. We are sensible that little neces- sity exista for any thing in the shape of la- boured reply to such unsound hy|wthescs. 'HieCensus Act, so-f«r from being an" in- quisitorial" enactment, is one that was much lequired, and one 'that is universally coin, mended, *By .it the old, inconvenient, ai d um (institutional method of ascertaining the pre» ist» population of the Country ia abolished ; and instead of the .Colonists being ordered, which is not very congenial toa free English mind, to attend at such time »ntl place to give in their names, &c.; they are now only required to furnish that information, so necessary in every well organized Government, to those parties who may politely wait on them for that purpose. Nothing is more desirable than that the Government should be put in annual possession of the exact state of the population, and also with the means that the Colony affords to sustain itself. In every point of view, therefore, this enact meut must ensure the unqualified ap, roval of a reflect- ing peopli. Aa for the Impounding Act, though we admit it may affect the poorer or dei«, fora mouth or two, more seriously than will be palatable to them, yet it is hi¿h time that the streets of Ihe Various towna Lecame cleared of such nuisances as pigs, goats, and other proscribed animals, from which it was next to impossible-either for a cairtage or an equestrian to escape danger at every turning. This Act also, which has been long looked for, though attendant with momentary incon- venience, we are well aware, despita of the Monitorial strictures -to the contrary, meeta with the entire approbation of the Public. THE Chamber of Commerce, like some other Institutions which might bepaiticu larized, at length threatens to proceed to business in downright earnest, and with vi- gour. Several propositions, na important as they may prove beneficial to the interests of the Colony, weie to have come on the tapis last night. The Chambei, it is reported, is to bed nvened intoan Exchange ; and by way of promoting and establishing so desirabln an object, the fi st merchants, men of busi- ness, and gentlemen, have it in contempla- tion to deJicate one hour of the day to the exclusive pin pose of being found at the Ex- change Rooms, and that hour it ia thought will Le fixed from twelve to one o'clot k. Tnis is, indeed, an, admirable arrangement, and one that we, Editora, cannot but highly ap. prove, aa it will often give ua an opportu- nity of taking udvantage of a concentration of intelligence, mercantile and other affairs, and respectability which has long been a dis siderattim that baa requiied starting, and one that wetiiall rejoice in s ting established upon a proper b-t is. But the most grati- fying piece of information whit h we have yet to repoit upon, is, that the Chamber of Com- merce intend immediately suggesting to ihe Government the expediency and propriety of compelling individuals, about to leate the Colony, to »i ve notice of the same in the pub- lic t rints at leust eight clear days prior to their dejiailure. If this proposition is ac- ceded to »n th?;part of .His EXCELLENCY-, it wi I entitle the Chamber uf Commerce to the thanda of every honest Colonist. luaueh a Coun ry as this, legarded a« it ia by the Home Government aa a ma e penal settle- ment upon an extensive scale, we have alua) s been of opinion it was a most unwise step to abrogate an mder which the wisdom of f r mar Goveruois had seen tue justice of allow- : ing to be enforced. Tue Public, at least that portion which embraces, honesty, in- dustry, and resjiectsbiht., have been more robbed by the wucindinj 6f tile old beneficial Regulation le which wend vert, than they have been ty all the highway robbers, burglars, and pelly larcenous gentry that I ave ever proved a pillie to our Couria of Justice. The abolition of (hat Or er win not attended with any single advantage, except that of leav- ing un open door t ia set of unprincipled men to get deeply intodeht, and then honor all their engagements by a flowing sheet und a flying topsail. The Colony has Wen greatly in. |uied hythe introduction of that practice, which may very properly obtain in an old established empire like Great Britain, but which nevertheless has not proved «adapted to our meridian. If we wera in every res- pect placed on the same footing as regards other dry Civil Rights enjoyed by our fellow subjects in England, v. e should have no ob- jection to run the chanco of being plundered of our properti.'s; but whilst^ti is the policy I of the Mother Country, und very properly so until we are able to keep ourselves inde- pendently of any expcnce to Great Britain, v>e can see no substantial reason why this open-1 ing (o extens.ve depredation should continue I unclosed, when the Colonial .Government has the power, by a simple declaration of its sen- timents in that respect, to accede to the uni- versal wish of the Public. If the suggestion is onty made from such a quarter, we aie pretty certa n that His F.XCELLENCT will feel extreme pleasure io honoring the subject with that favourable consideration to which it will be entitled, wheo strengthened by the representation of the Chamber of Com. A* we have of lute turned our attention to ubstrai t questions of political importance, | and an some of our observations have met with uimer al approbation, whilst none h ive been condemned, we I uve resolved, in our pre- sent number, to offer u few leiuurks on that equanimity of tempi r, and thal to;aI ulieiia tiuii from every «le-cnptioti of personal feel- ing, winch should, at «II times; distinguish j u public diameter. In every combut, whe-1 ther of arms or of argument, ti e best thing | a mun can do for his opponent, and the | woisl (or himself, is to meet him with in- temperance, that ut once baffles and exposes j him. This maxim applies to every public | chaiacter, whether as a writer, or in what- ever situation he may happen to be placid ; und is in fuct so well known, and so univer- sally tecognised, that we should almost apologise for lepeutiiig ii, were it not for the l'a of all other well-known maxims, which people applaud with vehemence, und then i go and do just what they forbid. Here, (perhaps, the Reader winks ut us with his| mental eye, und exclaims, " Ah, Mr. Edi- tor, you say what is very true, and v. ill, no | doubt, give us a severe philippic against somebody by way of i I lus ration." Well, | we should have no objection, if somebody fell in our way ; for we are never mi re con- scious of doing our duty than wheu em-1 ployed in detecting imposition,or unmaskin<; hypocrisy ; but indignation is not iuroiopa tib e with self-command ; intemperance dues not consist in striking a severe blow, but in sink ng u rah and passionate one ; und a proper tempo an e, so fur fiom being inconsistent with vigour, resolution, or in» dign tion, strengthens by regulating them, and exulta by refining. It keeps the iudi^ nant spirit longer upon the wing, elevutex it ubove all common impulse, und directs ils eye, with an awful and irresistible calmness lo tt.e objects which it would conquer. A wiiter, wh( se greut excellence was the deli mat ion of char act r, describes this sef commund, us uniting tu it the perfections of | the useful and agreeable.; atid, accordingly, we find that truly great mea-tuen ¡iboie all little policy, alune all shuffling, aud all surface, have been as noble in their temper ! us in their views; and this quality not only rend'red .them doubly illustrious in fame, but formed a niaieual help low.rds that clraruens of thinking and elucidation wh.cli rendered their political characters an object j of veneration to tutu re ages. In short, vice, which is always compelled to copy virtue when it would «rent tuniable, cannot i find, in all tl.e coi np ia* of what is politic a9 well as goad, so advaut geous a model «s «-quaniiinty ; and we may judge of tie supeno ity-of its effect to that of all other qualities, if only fro.II one circumstance which we have all witnessed in familiar life th.it the v ry acme of malice consists in the imitation of good temper. The cheat indeed wears iuelf out, and is short-lived, as it ] ! ought to he; but a temper nally gond, go s powerfully to its object. It is at once the strength and ornament of every one thut J wears it, becoming ut ali times, and fit for I all purpos'-s, whether of theory or pr .dice, of private or public life, lioiu the i'ainilia ritiesof ihe social circle to the high interests mid struggles of the world of politics. Let the public character, then, be« resolute, be ardent, be indignant, but let bim keep a [just temper, that i-, let h i in manifesta proper respect for himself, for others, and lor truih. Tile first requisite to a manly and consistent behaviour in this respect, is to possess a strong consciousness of right ; und to this ead, tl.e first business of the public mau is to make his own heaitas well acquainted as possible with the motives upon which it prompts him to act, and to be sure that they aie founded upon no ill principles,' uo pii vate pique : for, be may be certain, that if there is any wrong impulse iu his miad or bias iu his wishes, it will lead bim into some unwarrantable or impolitic «¡ITvr, expose him in some shape or other, and ti.u< at' once Ï»lutige him into the vortex of political ruin, roni whence be may never be enabl-d to extricate himself.' The ina*im, that honesty is the best policy, ii ùufortuuutely too com mon a one to receive that attention from political character« which it t eierves, other- wise public men would discover that no tricks or intrigues are to I»* com pa ted with a frank simplicity of conduct, even with re- gard to all the purposes of artifice. If j there appear any shuffling or insidious feeling [ about such añone, it leads him into fifty bye-paths, which not only take bim out of his road, but nre the most likely of all ways tobring him into contact with others who ure heating about the hame mazes, and who well imdeMand what induces him to skulk thither ; willie, on the other hand, the honest and tni'y wUe politician, walka directly up ti e »trait road, and thin not only arrives at his .bject sooner,but baffle-i uII those who,from ti consciousness of their own ways, thought to find and to obstruct bim in the labyrinth which they had chosen. A man hunting after a number of petty objecta will gradu- ally distract hiBHell, and gnw worse and worse fiom the very consciousness of his folly ; aa one wilUsometimes see a nervous man fretting round a room after some things he h ~~the tliin*.-s, then proceeding to swear against hiuixelf for being vexed, und at last dis- tracting his perceptions and tendering him- self ridiculous to all about him. Against snell men, wlie-ever they may bi found, a public writer should oppose a steady inte- grity, and unbending principles, »i ha spi- rit at once aident, well-tempered, and in- flexible; for he should ever keep in mind, that his patriotic exertions, however they may be impeded for a time, will eventually ha.e iheirowu public effect. The principle by which au upright public character, one who coulls popularity, and woif'd deserve it, should bu guided, ia to maintain, in every taspect, a singleness of conduct, with one object, with one ti »deviating line of action ; a conduct so shaped and aet forth that nono but honest men will praise, and none but the wilful can mistake-in fact a rational und manly resistance of every corrupt action or oniniou. Honesty end a singleness of ob. ject, will eventually overcome all obstacles that may be opposed to them. Th y may not bu succi a->ful at once, bat the t puiscsi a charm not to be resisted in the end ; the more they are used they strengthen the hand lhat uses them, ami at lust will Hash victo'y and conviction tit once. We did intend to have gone at greater length into this subject ; but really the deductions, fiom what wa have advanced, are so seli trvident, that further argument would be wasted on those who cannot or will not apply them. Alter all, tnwever, discus- sions on general principles are perhaps the l)«>t means of bringing home conviction to the generality of Readers. They are led to enq.iirien, to examinations ; and if tlio appli- cation fila, to congratulate themselves that they, a' least, have not sat fur the portrait ; whilst, l that they are such men, may be thankful fur the warning they receive, and set about a refor- mation in tarn»st. A varie'y of subjects occur to on>' miuds, at trie present ino me t, which will afford topics for further discus si n, and to which we will ;advtrt at an early opportunity; in tho mean time we would ti.ve tho.e, who feel thetme'ves con scj,,m of the applicability of our stiietures, tO-REA»-MARK-LKARN-ANO INWARD- LY OIGEsT THESE THINGS. The limited number of the Police Esta- blishment, at Parramatta, according to the Australian, is a source of considerable com- plaint amongst the'inhabitants of th t town. Ttiis we do not believe ; and our sources oi iafirmatiou are as tnucli to be depended upou as those of that very erudite ami som. mfc'ous Journal. It ia u remtrkable cir- cumstance, notwithstanding all tuose gtie vauce- which are so gratuitously urged on behalf of the good people of Parramatta, that fewer instances ol a necessity for sei ¡ou* constabulary interference, in piopoitiou to the extent of the district, exist in thatoeigh- ' boui.'.ood, than in almost any gnon apace of similar extent throughout th« territory. This is a fact that can be satisfactorily at- tested by a relereuce, not on y to the testi- mony of the inhabitants, but to the aiill more conclusive ev d-nce of .be Police Re coids. Cutler these circumstances,one of two things isevide.it; namely, either ti.e state- ment of our generally inolf nsive conti m poruryis incorrect, or tiie Parramatta district is much more quiescent than at any time to statid iii need of the près nee ol tho e half dozen constables, who, it is asserted, when wanted, do not make their appearance. Our harm ess contemporary demands, in the most inquisitive and peremptory tone, " why matters should be conducted iu tni> way >" We will answer him. Because the Govern- ment are the best judges of the exigencies of the Colony, and of their o A n nu ans of satisfying the reasonable wants of the people. It i> not long since, in proof ol the desire of the Authoiittea to constitute an elhcient Police throughout the Colony, that a requi- sition wa-» despatched to the various Magis- trates ol the Territory, calling tipi.n them to send in a statement of ti.« necessary force to maintain order in their several districts. We have every reason to believe tli.it ihi» instruction, on the part of the Government, I was complied with; and, theielore, ii u sufficient number of Police constables are not to be found in Pauamatta or elsewheie, the fault cannot be faiily attributed to the Goveinineut which fixed such an establish, meut throughout the territory sa was fully available for eveiy purpose for which i. could be required. It is not by any me HIS our intention to insinuate that the Magis- tracy have not availed themselves of the facility, which has been thus considerately atfoided them, of maintaining propei order ni their several jurisdictions; tar from it. Our only object is to shew thal the Ausira- i Han, and such c villers, are actually discus- sing a subject of which they know nothing, and of winch tht-y will n pains to be. better informed. Major INNES. the iiiielhgeni and universally respected Chief Magistrate of i'ai ramatta, we ure continent, would have been the first to r> piesent such an evil as the want of a Sufficiently effective coustubul try in his department, to the con. siderattou of the Government, if such a want existed ; and in the absence of any anea représentation, or ol any well-grounded com- plaint on the part of the inhabitants,,we cun suppo-e nothing else tuan the mere lack ot something t» say, generated tue iinsiippo ted str ctures to wiiieh we have referred. But we should not forget, upon the piesent Editor'« own declaration, that the Australian of 1828, is the Australian of 1827, 26-25,and 24!!! ' Lieutenant* Governor' ARTHUR is at-; tempting some popular mnvrinmis in ,bis Government of Van Diemen'* Lund, whidi «e are not sorry to witness, us v.e have ni way« «nter'ained the belief thnt Colonel A Kin un. was u well-mesmuc:, good man, thoufih not possessed of «all Mat lil.erultty .f which we Editors ol Newspupeis are somewhat flattered iii the develnpeun nt. We have never had reason to vary in opinion «¡til regard to tliK^puldie mensures adoptad in Van Diemen'* Land dining tint piesent Administration, excepting, in refusing to allow Mr. ANDREW BENT a licence, ac- cording to Act of Council, to pu t his Jnu ml, the Colonial Times. On this point we ure still at issue with Lieutenant Govor-, nor A HT a un. We do not blaine him for carrying the orders of the Home Govern- ment into effect, in establishing the Licence Act, but we ure of opinion it would have b en highly magnanimous in him to baye allowed the Colonial Times to have sirvived the Licensing Act. We are not igi.orani of the great und extra »rdinary provocations which the Government of Colonel ARTHUR had experienced in the column» of that snp piested Joan.al, but still we are of1 opinio >, though we may be wtong, it would have been us well to have allowed such an enemy a cb. nee of unit-aiding his political error". In turning from this topic, however, it is our duly to nckuowledge thut this Colony is deeply indebted lo Colonel AUTHUR for tl.e exemplification of that policy which has lately directed.so tminy cargoes of wheat (o our. shores. Many other events have lecenily tianspired which recoinmai.d to sister Government to a favourable consider- ation with the Public^ and, unionist otheis, we feel i.o ordinary degree of pleasuie in attract ng public attention toa Government Notice'i'Ubli lied by Colonel ARTHUR, on the 17th ult. which will be most important and ext emely beneficial in its couseuuenct-a to the rising generation of these Colouiis. The Notification, which estu'nS'inlu-s H Public Gi animar School, will bes, eak for itself that portion of comme,ulatiun' which we f el is 81* justly aïcribabl« to Colonel ARTHUR, in udtei'Liug to whom we have nothing to hope, nor have we any thing to fear. Tue following is the «Notice, however, th t has called forth our present observations : " Th»" religion», _ ino nil, nml jjrnernl »duration of youtl', brim.' sn ul.jret of ihr liijrhrtt impurlaav» in evrry »»??II regiiluled Community, ii lias theiefore beru iii» mi.lious drtireof ihr Cioi eminent tnprepai» and fiicililalr, for Ihr litiirfit of thr inliultintnta uf llii» Cnnntrj, ihr Incnl mesiis »f Hliainii'i; lim! 0I1 jrcl. |n conloi miiy with linn detirr. Uti Excellency Ihr I.¡mimant (iimrnor has de«i«rd ihr foundation anil plmi of an EstnblUlunriil eiilcul.iird for c th« nillir children of permins of respectability trsiditnr in ihi. Uland (without iiieludiii,' iliote nf »iiilnis or «trmi|,'er»J, and lins npprnprialrd In I he'purpose a ? nituble liotitr, willi a competent portion of ground aluehrd. In Iramiujr lliit .«tieui, ¡I hit, lirra His Kxci'llrncy's principal aim In mille ¡"»'mellon and diicipliue, a coorie nf .nunet »uti uirAil learning willi thr euri» fnriiiaihm of character, habits, mid luauurr«, and in place thixr udraiilsiirs wiihin lb» rowell of . mmlrrale degree, at «xpruditnr«. And in further- ance »f tlni*e mrau«, ii lia» hern thoiir/ht proper illili ihr Collu»»mu arlie!» which air to hr ciiisiilereii.as fiindmnriilal rtilrs mid regulations for llir nrw liitti luliuu, should br aullieinically notified to ilia Pu lil 11: : '* 1. There shall lie founded at Mew Nnrluik, in Vnn Uinnen'« Land, a School to bs called " Til* JCin.r'« Gramtniir Sclmnl." 4< 2\. Tins School «hall l>» umlsr Ihr di reel i on nf His Excellency tha Lirulrienit (iotcruor fur ihr time, .rill.;, a« I'nlron, und a It.iaid of Guurdmn«, e II si»liu|r of Ihe Chief Jualicr, toi- Colimi.il Secirlar), the Attorney Urueral, and ihr llcnd Minter for ihr tiiiif.brini', sud *h:dl be managed mid vmidiiclid by a Brad ATastir, who is lo l>r in 1- ly Older/, mid «'tliedrg-u-ooT A. II. ni leart, of me ..f ihr Unir. mi. tir« uf ide Uuilre).Kingdom, an Under Mmirr, mid . nell nlhrr Asaiiinati at Ihr inerra>iii|f wauls uf llie School from lune to lime may requirr. .' 3. 1'hr Sclmnl «liail coiiifiriar, numuKSt its objects, the srfrrnl brandir« of rduca.'ion nie.onrv loquulifi tor thr Universities, or for «onuuerciul and gvurrsl purposes. " 4. The eligibility to aduiUainrj, i« io he deter, niinrd by lite I'ulrun and Hourd uf Guardians, nu wrillrn a|iplirslinns for that pnrpmr lo lie unírtelo thrill, nddmscd to the Colonial «NeereUry'a Oilier iinmrdijlrly, or before I lie first of Jon», and iii« first . of December reiprctirely, in radi llalf- Year. " No Pupil Io leave Ihr School wiilmiil «ix monilit I pre»inn« notier, lo br ifivrn in July »r January. ** 5. A power of rxniil>i»n from lim Ettahliahilient, lo hr »riled in the llrnd Mnslrr, snlijrcl to tua ap- probation of th» I'nlron mid (innrdiun«. " t). The terms of admission und rducatinn for ihr Children of persons resident ia tin« or Iii« Sitirr Colony shall b« a* follow« :- £ s. Entrancr charged for each boy. & 0 0 I'nr rneli of two or moro boj., nun ni iii« same family ... 3 13 6 Annual charge for eoi-h but.31 10 I) For «well of two or mnrr buy», pun ol lue tame family.20 0 0 For Modem I.UII^IIHI.'«'«, UrumiiLf, Fencing;, l)uuciii|(, ile. rxira Char;'*» will hr madr. " Thr term« for the Childirn of persoin. not rrtidrnl vtithin llii» or the Sitlvr Cnluny, «lull br l-lhird more. " 7. Euch boy «fisll brinjf willi l.iio 12 «hirts, und oilier aintalilc appaprl, a hiimmoek Sod lieddinir, tlirre |imr of tlirelt, six towels, two ko Ivr» mid lurk», und two »|innii«. " 8. Tlirre shnll he one »acstion of a nionlli'« duration III «ueli year, to eoiiiinrnce len day« lirfor«, Christmas, and lhere shall br . relaxation from busi ne«« to a certain rxt«nt at the sehool, during the skin* period, ut ihe opposite «raton of the «our. " 9. Tlier« »liiill bit rxaniiuaiioii« of the Boys ia thr prenrnce of liiriBonrdof Uuiudiaa», and nprn lo the Public in June and Decembei, iu every yoi, »lim prize» »hull be awardrd to the most dcirviuir. *' 10. Ordinary ayiplicaiioii» for admission», will be cnusidrred and deeldid on the uucaaious In.I men tinned ; bul extraordinary applications by viiitor» or «tramrrr«, »hull récrite ¡minediaia aiteniioii from tha Board, at lb« lime *f llieir Heiner mndr." BAtiK OF NEW SOUTH WALES.-We were requested; by one of lU'e Gout emeu who wu> not returned at the late election of Directo: s, to mr ego the insertion of the stale of the. poll for the Gentlemen returned, but having seen that one of our contempoi aries has furnished a list, and as the same is incorrect, we be; tu publish the annexed, for the authenticity of which we vouch:- Fvr Against Majority. Mr. Jones.......... 4s4 Mr. Terry .&Hi; Mr. D. Cooper.367 Mr. E M.Scott .... 318 Mr. T. Raine i.3Ü7 Mr, Cavenagh.2*>7 Mr. Titiuan. 37J) Dr. Wardell.344 Mr. Wentworth. .... 357 Mr. Savage.2HU Mr. Vine. 333 Dr. Ramsay ........ 2l»9 " 1' ' ' "? ' The report which, by some means, circu- lated throughout the town witnin ttiese few days, ofthe death of Mr. BAMNiSTBR.tlie late Attorney General for New South Wales, at the Cape, turns'nut, ' we are glad to bear, to be Unfounded. Letters have been received from that Gentleman, by his friends in Syd- ney, dated the 26th of May last, at which time le? appears to have been in good health ; ' so that a vessel, to have btought the news of his death to the Isle of France, prev ious to the sailing of tbe Denmark Hill for this Co- lony, must .h"ve made her p ssagc from,the Cape in six days ! 117 .. .. I«7 M3 .. .. 325 38 .. .. 329 61 .. .. 275 31 .. .. 336 112 .. .. 175 70 .. .. 340 62 .. .. 292 40 .. .. «17 129 .. .. 151 71 .. .. 2«n 97 .. .. 1.« Thalakt number of t*w Australian Quat- . terly Journal haa not escaped our regards. though we have been hitherto occupied so , ' intensely as apparently lo overlook its merita. The Review of the Rev. Mr. MARSDEN's " Statement," regarding'the notorious case of torture, appears to be exceedingly correct, and will not fail liga n to attract our serious uttention shortly, aa wa opine some " new light" has hu st in upon our mind, to convince us of the hardship of Mr. MARSDEN'« con- dition, so far as the case of tori ure ii involved. * A Quarantine Act in Council, it ia re- ported, is under consideration ; us also tha Very necessary Auctioneers' Act. Col. MORISSET has returned to Sydney, from Newcastle, on H.M. Ship Rainbow. The Colonel will shortly resume the duties of his office as Superintendent of Police. New mercantile firms app'ear to he the order of the day. We had that a home is just commenced Inna« ness under the title id " Donnissou and Cobb," Mr. James Cobb, the junior partuer, has been known its these Colonies, for nMi.y years past, as a successful and honorable uierch int. ' Persons are m ide habit of sending to our Office unntiyu ous communication», which, in inmiv butantes, prove mere fiction. With the Imp- < we heg to state that no anonymous informa, finn is or ever will be atti mied to by us. We must have some authority to vouch for the accuracy of noy ..rtiole thal may be fai ' wat dad for insertion in this Journal. Last week only, the announcement of u marriage at Castlereagh, was transmitted to us anony- mously-.ve suspected a cheat-and of , cour appeared in one of our contemporaries, and from the Rever nd Mr. FULTON we ha«« since been in'ormed the report is as yet fabulous ! ! ! On Tuesday evening hist, about eight o'clock, as a pet sou named Carlisle was passing down George-street, and nearly opposite Mr. Levey's new building, he waa suddenly seized from behind, and his arms pitinioned by two men, whilst a third searched his pocketsnnd possessed himself of u pocket book, contain ng a vat ely of mernot andum?, and one dollar, which was all the money he had about him, with which the patty di rum peo!, and we.e immediute'y lost sight of. A number of petty street robberies, of a similar description have been lately committed in Sydney, wherein the perpetrators, as in the present instance, have escaped. Mr. Wilson, the late proprietor of the Hole in the Wall public-house, in Pitt- street, appeared before the Magistrates, at the Police Office, to complain of the person to whom he had rented the house, a Mr. Harvey, for forcibly detaining certain apparatus for lighting the premises with gas, and which Mr. Wilson contended were not com- prehended in the terms of the lease. The complainant stated his principal fear to be, that the defendent was about to convert those articles to the use for which they were originally intended ; because, he stated, they were so out of order, that the very first Iight, even a flash of lightning, which should come in contact with them would produce an explosion by which the whole neighborhood might he endangered. Mr. Harvey contended, under the terms of his lease, that he was ent il-ti io retain the * articles in question, and that, of course, lu» M would be responsible io the consequences of«, '" his act in makin.' use of iliein, if he abo dd * lie ii.cliuod so lodo. The MigMintrade- ' c lined m te. f ring as ihe ma 1er u as. properly,, one of a civil nature. Their Worship«, therefore, dismist>ed the case. j A person nain, d Shi Id«, wa« summoned %\ b'fire the Police, yesterday, for Kelling a ii- ': rits> without 1 eence, contrary to the At-t in Council No. 2. After the w11 nesses for-he prosecution liad been examined, Mr. Wil- liams, whoappeirei! for the defendant, t ok an objection ihut the information was not Snppoiteil by evidence, inasmuch as the most uiuteiialav, rineni was nut proved, namely, that the defendant, admitting spit its to hnv« been sold, sold without a licence. No pro -f, he contended, wa? before their Worships, to shew that the house was not licenced ; und the onus probandi, he submitted, was cast upon the prosecution. The Bench weie of opinion that the Magistrates had judicial knowledge that the house was not li.-enced ; hot as Mc. Williams relied on Ins objections, their Woishii s refer.e.l the case, for the opi- nion of the Atti rney Geueial, till Wednesday neu. * <¡ A person, named Flowers, was |yestenlay committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, for an assault committed at Parramatta, on Saturday last, by spitting in the face of Mr. / Lewis Solomon, and using Violent and uti-1 \l provoked language towards him. ' f 