CUNNINGHAM'S TWO YEARS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. AUSTRALIAN NEWSPAPERS. IT is much to be lamented that some of i or |oui inlshne of lit" ass une I i menicng- and inflam in if try tone, rending to dot« r His I xce llene v fi oin following up the silutiry, illhotitrh seien --jstcni i f ' pen ii discipline Iitcly com monte I It t'iis m flam fiiaron/course shuni 1 bp pcrsemed in li/ * îe ruh ni ii press, it must finally nnhue the mother toitntt t titherto find sonic otlici (It si in it ion for hci convicts, or to curb foilhwilh the liberty which has thus ripened into license It is quite evident tint unie»« hiirh i st stun is pursued in ÎNciv Smth W iles i& will terrify offenders in the mother country, dishonesty will in all likelihood increase until her whole poor population become corrupted, and her police and judicial establishments such as no country, however rich, can support. Self-interest therefore will natu- rally suggest to her a recourse to some other mode, or some other phase of punishment,which may check instead of encourage the growth of crime while a more deadly blow could not be aimed it the pros perity of New South Wales than the making her no longer the depositary of criminals It is to be hoped, howi vir, tint nu ins mav be lound to ateit tins e\il without di | ming the colony ot the (»reit benefit of tree di cnssion, by i simple c uictmcnt decliut g Ii 1 rllous ill w i linios hiving i tendency to instil into t'ie minds of criminals under going the penalties of the law a belief that they are oppressed, or which in fact may render them any way discontented with the acts ot Hu t«'»trament-leimig suth icliors to the lenhctof i special Jurj dr nu tri in tot ^imdju > lisl,so is to sicure uiclmduals ot independence aiul n speed! ilit\ upon it« The trenci ihtv ol newspaper editors, like indi vida ils in etcrj other profession, will bo intuí i1 y led to follow th if course w Inch pi o nises nu st profit, -old asm Isew South Wiles willing, of the ilcscrip tion «huh I mi deptecitiiiir eui mt 1 ul to be popul u, md »here Hie loncoctioa of hhels pijs cien better tit in tin I rc< dins of sheep, it is n it in ich to be wotideied it tl> ii they si ould b persevered m Luf, on the other hind, it is only i dei piess tint tin mteriillv contribute lo predict i tolonv like Neu Smith Wales ironi the efhets of misgoieii ment, or indeed to sctuie the permnal hbiity ot the subject, f >r b\ reason of the immense lnilucnct whit h the locil idnunistrition pos esses, (fiom h it mp; the sole disposal « f the ungruited lind , together with the «hsposil ot the contitt wit tnts. ) few inlividuil-, < ither in put ile situ ition, oi e len when formiiijr pirt of my legislative hmlv lionet cr popul IIIV tonsti tilted, would be bold enough to opp ise the nu isuies of puteiliment, seem, their piospcuty tould be «itljcr essentnlly piomoled or ni)ured at the meie will of the I liter but is the éditai of anewspiper «ill cr«! t moie bt writing to pliise the body ot tile people than br truckhna: to the got eminent, ind is ihe mijonty of mankind hive i stronger appetite for censure thin foi priise of those ilnvc them,i he «ill natur illy keep a si irp look out with t'ntuew, while the covernmei t will in lil e nrnnrr /inca pou ei ful mot ixe to uoul hitni"-just cuise of blimp 1 he question of " W h it ii I libel ' wi'l perh «ps net er he cip ible of such strict definition is to iduut f f a IcRislntM e en ictment fiitty i vpl unui, it, md ihciefme greit lititude must possibly ilwitshe ii lo\ ed to jurjmen in such i iscs, md it is peihips well f( r the cn se of liberty tint it should he so 1 here cinnot he the slightest possible necessity foi employ in¡» a law j rr in i written or pi inted hi el c ise, lu e uri th» whole turns: here pi linly and palpiblycvul nt, the jury ein peif ctlv well dciide on the m tter with out the help of iLwyer to expound, and the\ it ill in all probability decide mine justly from then judgments not being warped by the discoloured and tortuous oratory of the "perverters of the law ' Why c old net the pluutifi he allowed to lotice I notice in court of his mte ilum to btm¿ such i libel «isp forward before the coii't on A cn fun dit, lodgmfT a moderi'e sum in court to I c f trie ited to the defendint aller piying cxpeiis-s, m eise ol his notappemugs or the mittei ocn t, judged fuvolous The officer of tin couit might (nus L.IVC notice io the ilefeiu'nut of the d ty the com,iI nut «as going to he m ide, and furnish lum with a «opv ot the alleged Jihcl .All tl»at would now reepuri t > he done would be to reid the libel in court, uul if cr hi irnur the defendant'« written defeme, anil the ju Ipis' opu ion, the jury would i"tne md pronetiuec fhtir tirthct By this conree, all \e\itinus j losceutioiis to put nionry into Benup pett feigpri,' it'oriit\'spoiktt would he put an end ti, while the pi tint II could not hut feel Ijcttirsitisfied with this mo it ol pioeedure than ihe one now 11 practice Why doe» not the Iiw, « lath obliges an individual to p ty % needle ss fe c to a lawyer, liso oblige bim to t ike a ni edles* dose of physic at the -mie tun' A niattci of equity which «tip doctoi h was nL.h'coiis a pie i to insist on is h s * learned I mihi i " U the re hi oftc-i mut h qu it'iert mint") ed by the di etors to induce ti e eoimiiumi) to tike tin ir dru".»., the) hue i ever atkuiptc 1 the aid of I» gil mens ne» to compel them, ami wmli tin y baie I em endeavouring for cci t jriex, conti iry to their own interest, to do aivaj witl thcrcccssity of the ptililc swallowing their physic, ti) pointing out the liest methods ot preserving healtli,"lhe liwjer-, on the contrai y, h ivo hecn constantly tuitheinigmnie and mote their own niteicK's in disnrdeung the ninty politic by the noxious I IM s with which they have heen ¡niiiida'ing in, »Jtssrs Jleiithain »id Hammond hi nig the onl>~t«o individuals of the "learned hrotacr hood" «ho In'.e uiliinlanly aUcmpt"jl something; hliu a punlualiiin of tlieir lattin en's sonne ol wealth uni tin? public's source ot evil ; and let ii he reimmlicied, these arc rctuul lawyers. Jjhelsaie like the suire h mç influe ne ofa tiro, operitins; in intensity a. cording to the -mdlii-s, of the circle in whirh thrv aie confined ; and herne lilHs, which in Copland would evapui its 11 i day, ni t'u, colony are often the somce of keen and I ittei ucinnni.itioii and reflections lor months Hence, every facility ou¿ht to be given to the putting down of libel, more particularly in a colony, because personalities being eipeilv Innped alter'in e»eiy community, theie \vi I coniti|(iently he ahva\s a coinjiefition amonp the penn ility o! editors («hu, like then nth M iiietiuan in tlieconniiiiiiif\,stud\ their o« ii mt. rests more tb in those oftht- puhlit) to jcr..tn> tin- dcpiawd !ip|)<-ti(e; fir the editor «hoaited ollum-e would be like the man who loohshly wished to eo.itmue honest aiiionpf a community ot thieves (towirds whom efficient means weie not pin sued to inakectpnlly linne-d), and who wa»loiced at last, hy1 the h snip iitttue til his calling-, to conloi in to the sime couisti ot policy. The a'nve is a chapter which says \ery I little for tha yood sense of the wiiter, and wo are greatly surprised that any educated Englishman should have ventured to intro- ' duce suth namby barnby sentiments into a ' work, that is, in other lespects, judicious and meritorious. The law of libel has engaged the attention, in almost every nfc, of eu | lightened and thinking men. One statesman, i'i particular, has nmnortarzed his name by bia celebrated " \ct to rpinovc doubts rcs pcelin.> the functions of Juries in cases of libel,'' wo ich was passed in 1791, but we vet y much quest on whether the name of CUNNINGHAM, in Ansfra'ia, will rank with that of Fox, in Great Britain. It is possible that a mm may toleiably well comprehend the properties of phjsic, and the way in which medicine shou'd bo aduiiuisteied, but il is not very likely that he should prove a good doctor and a sound lawyer. Fro n the uupiecedeutcd success which has attended the author in his professional capacity of burgeon Supcrin enclent, during five voyages to the Colon}', we are bound to acknowledge every commendation is duj to his chirurgie ii abili- ties, Lut it is with considerable regret we obsprve that tlie samo meed of praise cannot be afforded (keeping the ab ive extiact in view) as to his profieiency ia legal atta.n ments. Wnteis should be very cauliou3 bow they touch upon thesubject of libel, especially when they venture gi alu.toiisly to t^ive opi- nions calculated to mislead th- Government, and gain the ill-«ill of the People, without meeting wit'i au acquittal at the bir ol' con science ; for we aro satisfied no man ever yet proposed the curtailment of constitutional f ee dom, but who, sooner or later, lighteously fella vicli.n to self-condemnation. We h mc, never heless, as we have the .1 itidote to wiiat we consider poisonous remaiks, that Dr. Cun niughjin will loso nme of that popularity which we are still of opinion, on the whole, that Gentleman mci tis at the hands of a dis criminating P-blic. None can more sensibly express unfeigned regret than ourselves at the "menacing and inflammatory tone" of some of the Colonial Journals fur the last two or three yeais; whilst, at the sam» time, we cannot do less than congratulate the C dnuisU upon (he de veloppment ot thal moderation and equanimity which has lately, generally speaking, distin- guished the pages of our ton emporaries. The author was not far from the truth in his ob- servation of this f ict ; hut he has failed in irnpiesMiig the Reader with the idea tint he possessed even ordinary political acumen, when it would apppar tlmt he seriously i na guies that An " inflanunitory Press, if pei seveied in," would " finally induce the Mother Country ei her to find some other destination for her convicts, or to curb forth with the liberty whiih Ins lipened into license." Neither of these alternjtives would be wisj nor expedient, lu the first p'ace, England «ill not ea-ily proeme SJ favour- able a destin ition for her refuse population for the next fifty years to co ne, since New South Wales possesses advantages, in this rosp'ct, which 111 other quarter of the g'obe ever did, or ever will be abl to afford. In tho second place, we have nlready succeeded in establishing the fact, fio'n incoiitiovertible data, that the prison population, so long as the strength of the Country is necessuily in pos- session of the Free Colonists, c innot be ope- rated upon, or seriously influenced, even by an " inflammatory" Press. We are not jus- tifying attempts to inflame so vast a body as the prison population, because, though demo- cratic effervescence may proveas innoxious as effervescence itself, still the Journalists are as much culpable in the estimalion of manichid as if the most destructive effects had resulted from their inflammatory writings ; but it is the Public, after all, who are the best calculated to weigh such matters, and the moitun t a public writer verges beyond the demarcation prescribed by the good sense of mankind, that instant his literal y étions prive powerless, and his Journal becomes conteuiptih'e. Is not this the fact ? And could we not, al (his moment-for (ho ti nth of which we appeal to the Public—point to a Journal, once notorious for its vituperation and falsehood, and fearlessly proclaim that it has fallen below Zero in con- tempt. A free Press, if licentiously indulged, in one respect, maybe pernicious to the prison population, but even this, like every other evil, will inevitably correct itself. A pnsoner,on reading an inflammatory articlo, may suddenly fancy himself a free man-he may think him self undúly treated, or 'he may even go so far as to conceit that he is in England, and under these'impressions miy refuse to obey his mas- ter or overseer, mid thus Fticeeed ia ¡letting himseif introduced to the notice of a Justice of the Peace, where all his visionary pros- pects will quickly terminate in meeting with that punishment which his lemeriiy deserves. Many an unfortunate prisoner has been led astray by giving credon.e to produciiutis that were too monstrous and sophisticated t-> he (la pended on by any rational being. Sin:'i is the utmost irjury that lins been, or can be, so far as our view of the case goes, derived oven from the licentiousness of the Press. A Free Press will never " encourage the growth of crime;" bul the absence of that kind of free- dom might increase crime tenfold amongst us. That which enlightens the mind is calculated to purify the heart, and reform the life. If it had not been for the Reformation, where ¡and what would the Christian Religion have .been at this day ? And, if it had not been ,for the Freedom of the Press, is it likely that .England would have been able to dictate to 'the world? Fetter the Press, -you impede literature ; and if literature be impeded, the intellectual capacity becomes, narrowed, which otherwise, knows no bounds, and darkness, superstition, and bondage will speedily ramify themselves throughout every rauk in Society. The Freedom of the Press, in another view, cannot affect the prison population, since that class is, in general, not well informed enough either to read, or comprehend the meaning of what they read ; whereas, on the other baud, as regards the rising generation, our preseut Free Press-and the Colonists, every hour they live, have reason to thank Mis Excellency Ge- neral DARLING for its retention and preser- vation-is of the most invaluable im- portance; and we have no hesitation in asserting, if the Press should not be subjected to enlhrulmciit by Parliamentary interposi- tion, that, under ils influence, if conducted uppn mild and liberal principles, the rising génération will prove one of the most intellec- tual, loyal, and wealthy people, considering its numerical power, on the face of the globe. How unbecoming, then, if no1 downright cri- minal, is ii in any writer lo propose, by way of not" depriving the Colony of free discussion," that "a simple enactment*' be resorted to for the purpose of ' declaring libellous all writings having a tendency to instil into the. minds of criminals, undergoing the penalty of the law, a belief that they are oppressed, or winch, in ! fact, may render them discontented willi the acts of the Government-leaving such ac- tions to the verdict of a special jury drawn from the grand jury liit, so as to secure indi- viduals of independence and respectability upon ?" We trust the Sydney Gusette will never lose sight of that icspect and alt.cb nient which it has invariably tuauifesie-i for the CousiiiUled Authorities, but if no were n.c-1 to pronounce such a suggestion as that w« havo just quoted .absurd in the extreme, tim Go«eminent ought to despise us as heartily as the Colonials would very properly detest us. A Censorship, and we really do not think that there is an individual in the Count v would like to take upon himself such au office, would be len thousand degrees prefer- able toso "simple an en.ctiiient" as that which has been seriously suggested by our medica! author. Dr. Cunningham would insinúate to the world, that .' the concoction of hb¿lspa\s even better than the breeding of sheep." We should be glad to know whether this remark I is the result of experience ; hecaus.; ¡1' not, it might as well have been omitted, unless we had been informed which Journal it was that de.dt in this kind of trafic, that is pro'iounced .' helier thin the breeding of sheep." Ii cer- tainly would have been as weil had the medi- cal author particularized, becnusc ive have not us jet been able to prove the truth of the Doctor's profound remark ; hut w e must not he severe on this point, as it is possible the au- thor mav have had his eye upotijthoso " men of sound judgment and ability" of wlio.u he has so academical.y spoken, b:;t who, notwi.h stauding their " s.iund judgment and ability" may hate found thal " ilia conduct ion of libel pays even Letter than the breeding of sheep." It our wool-growers stn nblcover this remark, we fe.u' that they will banish the shears for the quill, in which case the present " gentle- men ofthe press" may retire. If every '* local Administration" sh mid le as anxiously solicitous not lo pervert or mis Use tho '. i umense influence," which it is said to po3scss, as t o p esent Goveruuien , the Colonists wid have but litt.e reason f.r the exercise of a Free Press ; and wo fer- vently trust, until Australia can boast of her Representative Assembly, that every Ruler will be as friendly to the Press as Governor DARLING has hitherto proved himself friendly lo the vital interests of the Coun- try which he has the honor .to goern. An Administration, like that of the present, will always be proud of acknowledging the benefits conferred in the enjoyment of a Free Press ; whilst every Government, and the People un- der that Government, will not fail to condemn unmeaning and useless vituperation. The last paragraph ofthe above extract i so outrageous a violation of common sense, that we are of opinion it i> best to allow the Publie to'pronounce their own judgment upon so I teco.idite a proposition. Without intending to convey the least persona'ity-for personality ive disclaim ft ora the alpha to tlio omega of our ciitUtues - it is one of tlie most extraor- dinary propositions that coti'd have emanated fiom any writer, who cannot hu he toler- ably coii"oisjtit w iii titi» laws and li!ii'iti03 of Ins count)y, In tin? first place he would luve " a simp e eractmenl" passed, hy wini h every tiling that was u tcred might bo toi lured into a übe!, and lhnn, hy way of peifit.n; this . dmiiable system, th« alle, ed libeller should be subjected to ti i ii in the sime way as a pirly »night be summoned in the Court ol Requests foi five shillings, and then and there Counsel of course bet g shut out - after giving ina " wiilfen defence," ¡.no Judge should give his opinion, whereupon the .lui*y would retire, and yivo the only \erdici, which meier so '. simple an enactment" their consciences would enable them to do. Ministers may pe- ruse this piss ge, hut if ever Air. HUSKIS- SON smiled, the lisibility ol' the Right Ho" norable Gentleman will bo highly provoked when he scans so sapient a proposition. The late Mr. CANNING, it i*. said, rendel ed oneof his speeches pre-eminently celebrated by lu- dicrously ad vetting to " The Kins,-, Lords, and Commons of Botany Bay;" but we think that this projected " simple enactment," if carried into etfet, mi., ht indeed be well 'ycipt " BOTANV BAY LAW !" When the author ventured to proposo the expediency of invading theautiquated formula, of the law, by dispensing wi th the discoloured and tortujUà oiato'y of the '. pet vetters of the law,1" he should have lecoliected how ri- diculous that writer would have rendered him- self who could have proposed to the wot k1 the expediency of dispendng with the services of the midwfe, apoihe wy, awl physician, be cause the sur eji., might undertake all these duties himself. Tiie Doctor commenced his woik very well, but we are son y lo tay see.ns to have ended it very ill ; and if we should nut happen lo get into ;i helier humour than the consi- deration ot his piojected law of libel leaves us, we tear we shall not hastily return t > his otherwise met Honous labour-. ; with which Dr Ciuinin^hatn, willi much ingenuity and care, has been pleaded lo fivor tie world. IN conning over the late Ew.lish Paper», and we hive uudoiihtcd'y li id the only latent in the Colony, sime the Monitor had not a Join nal of the ¿3d, ahh-Hig i he ventured to distinguish his English P.xliaets of Saturdiy last hy this leceui dite, we s^y in conning over these inte eslir-g Journals ¡t does appear f-at theie is a belligerent cloud in the | Eui opean atmospheie, which, 1I10U4I1 no bigger than a nan I, tinea ens to in ohe the Continental Poueis, and Old Putland oí course, m one jjeueiai confiagritiou. The Austr an Cabi el is adop'iu.' piecisely the san e line of poiicy with reference to the Í orte, which «waj ed the Mu i-try of Loi is XVI. previous lo the F euch Revolution. The i\mneror of Ausma not o-dy lef.isei to take an 1 flï'iisivp part in behalt of {Jreece against the Porte, but actually ualified to the tJivau his pac'Iic lutPUiiDitj lo.ui.'eis the Sultan, and .urnis, ,<>([ ||,e Tinks nilli tiansports and other means to pt-olung the contest, and avert tint blow, \> I ich it ^criplLiv be true, will surely destroy the ba barons myriads that cover that region of darkness and the shadow ot death. Polilicalh cons ck ieil, Austin lsnot so much to be ceiioincd .is at hist view might be cou sideied, tor she has some reason lo tie appre- hensive of the aggiandizui.' views ot ihe Cabinet ol Russia, who, foin the diys of CAIIIEKISE 1,1, (JHAND, las been demon- strating us anxiety to seize upon t o*.e pos sessions in which the Turks have succeeded in entrenching tiiemsc!ves fo such a lapse 01 a.,es; and this movement, on the part of Ki ssia, has been only ulsiiuclid by .lu 211 tervention either ot England, Pi a nee, Atifrii, and sometimes ot Prussia. By th.stune, ho.v ever, ail'ins have reached a ci isis, . nd we must thcefore await with patience tile result of oneof the most sanguinary naval bitties that ever took phi ce. Spun slid presents a troubled and un- changed aspect ; and as to Portilla1, the only p quain y ereatei! 1>\ Us ti i.iii s seem, d 10 ut» de nvahle horn Ihe e\pci led arrival lioin Vienni ni Pn land oi Don IMII>UL.U, tor the purpo e, no rfuuht, of leceiviiij a icsso'i or two on the ait ot cuusl tutional governing. lu Píame three occunetKfcs, oin of t.10 orilla n'y routine, appear to have furnished a lillie cayenne to the usual insipid CO.IU.KMII ii news. The Chamber of Depu ies lias been dissolved Tin, CLNSU.'SHIP \tir.ii>i.AvvN- and forty six Peeis cietted ! The abolition oí lue Censoiship, as u i.,ht have uneii expected, loosed all the to t^ues of ihe restricted luli'or., and they, poor tiber ned dev Is, are said to have it-paid themselves i\ir I eir Ion; ab-? stmc-uce after the ( t«hini)oi (ho thawed voices of tlu pulu travellers described by Muncli*u. se», by a ceaseless volley ol' objurgitiou and elimination. As to the creation ot the new Peeis, although the o'ojoct .seems to be pretty weh un'Vrstoüd in Lngland-that of mihi erieing the ue neutralising the opposition of the Peers-it does not inspire any degree of alarm, when the ordinary completion of the French Peerage is regarded, as to the result. 'the anti- liberal object, it is thought, will defeat itself: the newly created Peers, as soon as they find tergiversation is necessary to their purpose, will turn against their crea- tor-ViiiLEi.K. The London Editors, hu v ever, let 1 hit will happen, app'ir to extract consolation from the certainty that the sons of those new Peers will be Liberals, as no unusually happens with newly created Peers in England. It is gratifying, notwithstand ing the power thus raised to compete with the Freedom of the Press in France, that the French have succeeded in obtaining so valua ble a boon on any terms. We only hope tua', their Government will have the courage to continue, and the People the unbending elder mination, to retain a right, the free exercise of which alone it is that distinguishes any People from the rank and character of Helots. Yesterday the H nioraMe tie COLONIAL SFCILE TVU> piocecded on baird the Asa, and msp«cteil the pu-.o ICH tint .11 uve 1 by tuai vessel, prciuui to ihsir disc.n'muiutiJil. We have endeavoured, for the sake of our Readers, tit itriko room for ¡i^'many Fu ;lish Extracts in our pre .eut columns, having tin overwhelming mass of European raper» be- fore usât this ni'uncut, as our limit? would ' al.ow. The very singular article, under the head " Colonial Intelligence," will be pe- rused with extraordinary iiuerest. It power- fully brings to mind the judicitl reign <;f| His lloior Barron Field, tlie Ex- Judge of | the old Supreme Court of New South Wales, who immortalized himself in (he annals of Australia hy his ode to ihe " spirit of Aus- tralia," which he marvellously designated the "kangaroo"-so amused was His Ex-ÍIonor with the production of such a prodigy. Jud.e lloüSFOitn mu t have been reared in t1 e same school as Judge Iield,ov most probably have stolen a leaf out of one ofthe Burrou's Works. The Time>, of the l4lh November, furnishes some very pertinent reniaiks on the subject, which, by way of an introduction, we here, with copy : - c> Our attention has been drawn by the Antigua Free Press, ofthe l4tb, c2lst, and 28th of September, to an act of the Judges o that island, which bears upon the face of the circumstances, as represented in the above journal, every characterist c of arbitrary and oppressée poa er. " The case is neither more nor less than the disbarring-that is, expo.ling from his profession of an advocate-a barrister of the name uf SCOTLAND. "» The specific offence of (his gentleman we really are unable to describe, inasmuch as the most vigilant and | ainstaking perusal of at least a dozen columns" of the colonial news- paper, all avowrdly relating to the subject of Air. S COTLAND'S punishment, has not suf- ficed to |iul us in possession ol tlie real grounds of complaint against bim. The name indeed affixed to his transgresión is " continua, y" a word which means any thing or no.bin.-, and which on the oecnsiou was applied to w..at seems to us to have been a proper and becom- ing asscr.ion of his own pnsonal dignity and of his independence as an advocate, by the learned gentleman, against the gross, unpro- voked, and unmannerly insolence of a person who sat upon the Bench ofthe Court of Com- mon pleas in Antigua. We have heard in this conn ry, though the instances are rare, of Judges w ho, iu a discussion with counsel, have lost their temper, and with' it the deport- ment of gentlea.en : but with the worst of them we hare not heard in inodemi limes of the viudhtive feeling excited in a single Judge, being, after passion bad time lo cool, cumniunicaied lo the rest of his veiieraule brethren, i.nd jointly and deliberately ndulged .by the subséquent baili liment of ¡in individual counsel from Court, where no fraud, no dis- honour, no outrage, no ir.egularity uf profes- sional conduct, no neglect ol' duly lu a client, no contempt ofthe Coure ilselí, was even in- sinuated ag.inst him. The usuages of the Henel', and the spirit, not merely of the B ir, but of the public, would deter any Jud c, oz any number ofthe Judges, from daring to exercise such audaciou.-; despotism at home, j lu the colonies, we grieve lo say, the weight I of opinion is no cmuiterpuise to the concent a- i lion of local po.ver ; authori y has no longer ' arms than popular sympathy ; and the notion that colonial ftmct.oiiarie« a e supported by the Government of England, lends to the encouragent ml of abuso, more effectually tuan the apprehension of English lello v-feeling with the sutfeters contribu.es to soften or coivoct if. " A Jud¿o of the nauu of HORSFORD we speak now merely from :? letter in the news- paper-was dearin;1 a cause, and we ex ract the following statement of w.iat look p.ace between his ?' Honor' ! and Mr. SCOTLAND. " At tlie sittinp ofthe Court i:i the cans.; ol ' .Mar- shall v i'nilpot' on the above dav, Air. Scotland en- deavoured to introduce evidence, whadi was rejected hy 1'ie opposite counsel, air. ."smell ; tilt former pcr si .ted, ami au appeal was nuJc ti your Honor. Y uti declared the evidence to he inadmissible; in dump which you only exercised the indisputable rip lit of a J.i.lpc, and had you stooped here it would hive been well; hut yo.i incautiously and unhappily over- stepped your duty, and proeeede 1 to insult, a.Idinp, ' that .Mr. Scotland knew tlie evidence was oiijec'ion ablc, and t'n.'t1 ii.ul he ('Ur. Scotland) been on the oth'T .side, and the introduction of snell evidence had been atle.opted, he wo.tld have Outlawed against it, s > loud as to li.ive been hear I at the coil ofthe street.' To which Air. Scotland replied, ' Sir, when you speak of .Vír. tíeolUiid, 1 desire that you will do it in respectful terms. Your Honor.-' Don't desire mc, Sir.' Mr. Sco.'laad-' I am determined to ui.uiit.ii i my tlipiiity a-i a man, and my privilege alni inderi u tleuce as a barrister ; and will not sudor you, or any other person nu that lîeuoh," lo use improper Impulse rispen in.; nu; I di desire you to CIMUI from it. if there is any impropriety ¡a .ny millner, it is your duty to correct it ; hut in lau pu ape nure hecominp tim dipnity of a Ja lp.;. l Yo.i li ive e:t;io>e.| yourself to this Sir.' Here, 1 demand, tvho will have the hardihood to deny tue correct- ness of tais reply, und affirm that it is of a balder character than your Honor's own véhémence and l.uipu ipe justified : Had you boen insulted in the teinpiirate disci» irpe of your duties, there is nota mau in tue country who would not li ive rrprobite ! the rou'.liiet of the uff'tider, and hive approved <>f his chastisement ; and I myself would have .stepped forward to applaud the exercise of a due severity, even if the culprit hld been my sun. But, Sir, the present case is widely different yon were yourself the aggressor, and only leceived a'well-merited re- proof. The term rfeiiVeseein» to be particularly pa.'l l.ip to you ; but let me remind you, that it has been u-ed in a lar more oileiisive manner by the pre.it .Mr. lirskine, to a julpe not much inferior in learn bip, talent, and dignity, to the Ciuef Justice of Antigua." " For the " ofihnce" thus particularized, Sir. SCOTLAND at the. uent mcelim; of the Court, when iwo others ges tamo as a rein- forcement to the sage of HORSFORD, was calied upon to subsi r'be a uo'able ¡tpo.ogy, beginning thal he was '. sorry the L'oint '. should have considere I h iii conduct on tiny occasion as disrespectful ;" and anisbing by a promise that " his fu'ure conduct would be »' invariably marked willi all duo respect to " the Court. ' " Was there ever such trash as this ? A gentleman is to he sorry that tiie Court "should have CJII ched." Why what had Air. SCOTLAND lo do. with the concept:ons of the-e !:ig!i-iife below 'siairsnood.es? Wity had rl-ey not» courage to bid hint confess thal he hSl trot.ted them with disrespocl } That would have been intelligible al least, and would have brought the question to an issue. Ii ii lie is to repent of lUeir absurdities ! Indeed he might enjoy loig'venongh the stool of r.j pcutsuce.. And then bei. to show (bom " all due respect' hereafter; ol'V.w quantum suf/i. ' rit of which respect, Antigtu Dogberri/s are , 1 to-be tfienrwlves the supreme aud.iinreleiit. ' . i'i _1 in blank, which flin man .vno talks of " bellow. ? in," ( I amount of obsequious servility may suit hu , appetite for homage ! We are sorry to find that the Court of Chancery of the island, with Sir PATRICK Ross at the head of it, though . recognizing his own discretionary power lo fl admit to its bar a counsel re,ect c1 by tlio \ P Common Pleis, couiirnied a^ninst Mr. S^OT. ; j LAND toc ruinous judgment of t..e lnfor.or ! court; or rather, extended the field oi li.s ' exclusion from practice. I " We have heard, iude.d-though not from the Anligiri paper, for that might be hi j h treason in the uafbr limite editor, bat. \ e have (card-a mo'.iv» assigned for ti/,.' punis in»nt indicted on Mr. SCOTLAND. It has been stated to us, that some of I .e« tu lie rials for theexce.lent report of Mr. D.VAiims, which points out with suca intrepid hones y the abuses in ihe existing tribunals oí the cn. lonies, and proposes a iiu.i boc of reforms, wer« I afforded hy alr. Í- c >T i, A N D'S experience, if j this be true,-which we do not aver, but minti rest conteii'cd with admittni; to ho pos ible, a new and more bery col mr is spread over I' the vengeance which-he ins su tiered. T.io j case is ro ion cr cvte of despicable peevishness i or wounded self'-iriiportame : it presents a( calculating, grave, subtile, politic rancour, -j a jealous anti 1011.4 sighted terror ol'reform, - anli'ish Oraiigenian'.sabSiiiirenceof the 1'opr, inspiring a truly apostolic reverence for the p loaves and fishes. We trust thiu this meriJ, lorioi's deference of l:ic Ami.; tia Judges/or^ their own dignity, powers, and perquisites will ' ere long belaid before I its ¡VI AJ..STV'S Privy Council, as a fitting subject lor that appellate jiirisil.cüioti, which the Cons'ilulion of Ecg land invests with Hie redress O' coloui ii wrongs ;» and also, that the exicl ¡nul vigorous min I at' Mr. HUSKISSON wiil lum iiseiflo the run-' sieleratiou of that bai barons system ol' utnia- < lural usage and perverted law, u'ider whic'i Hie Briusli colonies in the West Indies, as " well in their domestic as their mercantile re- ? latioiis, have been for so many ages fettered." I Tun SCHOOL OP INDUSI'IIY.-Sermon» in be- ''} huh or tins Institution wcic- preached on Sunday jj last in St. J.i.iis's's Cann li, and Macquarie-street \, l Impel. We li.ive not ascertained the amount ol' the I,1 col.eelions u'hich ive re: made in each nf these places of worship, but they emu lit te» have been so-newlmt cons der.ioiu, on account of the Hinds henu eniliar r.issed to the amount of upwards of (hive hundred pounds, which we uudciitiul has h.-cn ¡ ilva-u-eil by alls iMlliaNCi, t le Foundress, anil l(¡rs. M-t-HA r, one of nie Uenclac restes of this Iiistiliition. Thu llev. .Messrs HILL, AiAVbrirH», and HOIITOS,pinvcruilly and ive tnisl successfully appealed to the phil.i.-itino | hie poldon of lite e oimiiuiiity, each ol'HUM" ii ». Ijt'iitlcineii ¡ire- eiilinj the claims of the Institution tn p ilihc consul' rition in ).ingiijy«> and feelings that M M not ea.sily be forgotl'11. U is lo be Uuteiiteel th.il to pr.iisewoi thy ami panlotio an tils'rtut'ou-one tlmt 3 I j so essential in this country of all other* meier lleulci» I I -should lie in any eie-grie embarrassed ; hut we ler vcinly tnisl, that lluise uncr^ie, nhiua hive been elr- ! t eloped iii its; form, tam and ».ostentation, w.ll nut ' only continue uuab.iU'd, Lut inoieoi er i^ve a sli.nulm I j to Amti.i.uu phil.inthruph), which sho.ilel ever hu in j iicttve ojierii'iHii, wlun tue happiui-s*, lur-luhicüs, and I piety of tile Fair of Australia aie involved. j Tile ATTOKNEV CIKNERAI, and his I. VDT I ' en ertainrd a selucl Partie of Cientle uc-n to I Dinner, at their elegant residence at Apsey j Lodge, in the ceiling of St. Pat r-ck. From j the known and spl mud hos-puality of AJr. I ami Mrs. BAXIY.Ü, ti.e Colonials would almost sup, o e they were (run ihd land of lirin, i-j. steael of f.uted »Scotia ; but tai.* .oes lo csla \ lilish 1 ne iiict, uiinely, if hosp:tahty did ori gnaily appertain t.i II berma, (¿upland and bi elland were nor Jong in becoming infected with the bewitching maLdy, wli cb suer 0» s - fully a cou.its for its emigration to so distant a shore as that of Au ¡ir.lia : wlier1, as a trej of British growth, it will not fail (o be che- rished until eve j time itsJf shall give up tim ghost ' AnA leave not a «rec!; behind." r»s»/ wm jj*sj»Bjy»apmjt^aM3fc The D.rliug M.lls, which are so eligibly adapted fir business and »eneial accommo- dation, from their, superior and rominanelin"' situation, are daily rising into repu e willi the seltleiv, who, instead ol' cuniug ail the way to th. capital, find it prudeul to abide at these milis, dispose of their grain, ami in return take goods, of a.I descriptions, as cheap as B they are obtainable at the first lion es in y town. Captain Haine, even u hen »kipper of li that old favourite, the .Surry, we always 'k thought had au eye lo thesccuiin.;- of an Aa¿- [, ti ali iii plan at lea;?! ; and we think, some- how or other, that Wie D ti lin . iMtils will aid this ex-Captain's magnificent views. A newly imported emigrant, a merchant, appeared before the üeucli, on Satur- day, on a snmin ms charging lum with har- bouring a prisoner of tlie crown ii leg. Hy at lar.e. The constable, ut wlioiO instance the summon» was granted, stated that in cons - quence of some priva'e iufonnation he hail received, lie went to the defendant's house, and there f mini employed in the kitchen, a man whom lie lecogu zed as a pi is mer at large, and a runaway from an iro '-gang, whom lu took into custody. Air. Lee pleaded that he was wholly ignorant that the. man was a prisoner; in fa t, he did not employ linn, bul th .t lie ha I been brought in by unotiier servant to a^ist him ni «loi ig some work. The Bench ex;ii eased them- selves perfec ly satisfied nf the truth of Mr. Lee's stiteinenr, but on referring to the Act ol Coined, it appeared, that it was impera- tive on tiiem io find, wlie her t ie party ac- cused knew the peismi harboured to be a prisoner or not. Under such c rcuiiistances they fine the defendant in the lowest penalty piovieled by the Ait, n.nrely live eiollars, , Mr. Lee 1 lien tequested to be allowed to giie < bail, in older to appeal to the Sis»ions, on ace 11 nt of wli t he consideied a ve:y gieat hardship, which was granted. The Bench again expressed their legut that 110 discretionary power waa vested in them. Anothir case of a similar natue was then when he applied to hint for woik? The mau replied that he had, and actually pioduccd a certificate of freedom in coulirmaliou <{{ his s'ntemeur. In this case also, the Bench j expressed their regret that they weie oUiged by the Act to indict a penalty, but no other| course being open to the III, they fined the de /endant (ive dollar«. 