SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED. On Monday,--The brig Lord Rodney, (Capt. Makeig,) from Sydney the 8th ult, with 11 casks V. D Land spirits, 1 cask cheese, 1 box orange plants, 11 packages bagging, 2 do. hair cloth, 15 cases glass ware, 1 case drill, 1 do. medecine, 1 do. per- fumery, 1 do. stationery, 1 do. haberdashery, to order : 10 cases liquers to G. Cook ; 3 boxes and 1 bale merchandize to Crombie Maclaren & Co. ; 1 case window glass, to A. Moodie, Esq : 293 bars, 30 bundles, and 27 rods iron, 63 pieces cedar, 4 hhds. arrow root, and 1 box oranges, to W. Wilson, Esq., Agent. Passengers,—Mr. Luathwite, Mr. Maycock, and Mr. Housen. SAILED, Yesterday,—The Countess of Harcourt, for Batavia, in ballast. Mr. Drummond, Surgeon, R N., Passenger. This day. The Alice, (Capt. Todd,) for Sydney, with a small remainder of her im- port cargo, having landed the greater part of it here. No passengers. The Currency Lass sailed from Launces- ton, on Friday last, for Sydney ; and the Prince Leopold on the same day for George Town. AMONGST the various Anomalies, conse- quent upon the recent change of Ministers- none is more remarkable than the effect it has had upon the Press. Under former Administrations—that is to say, since the accession of the late King, from which period alone the Press has assumed a decided cha- racter—there have been but two descriptions of Journals,—the Ministerial and the Oppo- sition ; unless indeed we add that portion which called itself " Independent,'' meaning that it was not immediately in the pay of either of the two great parties into which the Politicians of Britain are divided. The Ministerial Journals were all more or less supported by Government. The Courier, so long the " official organ," as it was desig nated, not only received a certain annual sum from the secret service money, more or less as its demands were pressing and its services important, but a very considerable number of every impression was regularly taken by the Government and distributed amongst the Public Offices, &c.;, &c.; Its circulation also was considerably increased by the facilities afforded to its transmission through the Post Office, in preference to all other Journals. Another considerable source of advantage was also derived from the insertion in the Courier of the Government Advertisements &c.;, which were always paid for in the most liberal manner. WHILE the Courier then, was the official Journal of the Government, there were others also dependent upon it, more or less, for support : these were the Sun, evening, and the Post, morning, Papers. On the other hand the Opposition Journals were equally powerfully supported, if not so well paid. The Chronicle was the official organ of the Opposition ; that is to say, of the Whigs, which indeed formed the only or- ganized Parliamentary Opposition to the Administration. This Journal was conducted better perhaps, than any other Contemporary, as respected the elegance and power of the writings which appeared in its columns, and to which men of the highest talents contributed. THE Times, under the proprietorship of the late Mr. Walters, was violently minis- terial, as respected the French Revolution, and the war originating therein ; but, it was not in the immediate pay of Government, although it received occasionally some portion of the good things proceeding there from ; but the great influence and circulation which it obtained, arose from the prodigious expence to which Mr. Walter went, in estab- lishing a correspondence in all parts of the world, through Agents, by whose means he received intelligence of every foreign event of importance, in some instances several days before such were even known to the Government, Mr. Walter's couriers having been known to overtake and arrive in Eng- land—owing to the excellent arrangements made for that purpose—long before those dispatched from the Embassies, and other recognized Deplomatic and secretly estab lished sources of the Government. Mr. Walter also took the greatest care that the intelligence of the Times was never fabricated, either for party or stock jobbing purposes ; and although the Funds could frequently have been affected through the means of that Journal, to an extent which might have been productive of the greatest advantage, Mr. Walter most scrupulously guarded against the insertion of any fabrications for that purpose, whereby he established for his Journal a reputation for accuracy, as well as priority of information, to which the Go vernment itself could not pretend. THE Independent Press was only such partially. Every Journal had its particular connection, and consequent bearing ; and thus, although not strictly speaking enlisted in the cause of either party, still the tone and spirit of its columns were governed by those with whom it was connected. The Herald, for example, under the conduct of Sir Dudley Bate, was the medium for ex- pressing the sentiments of a particular description of persons, not strictly ministe- rial, but very considerably so. The St James' Chronicle was, and still is the organ of the Clergy, by whom it was very particularly patronized. Mr. Baldwin the veteran pro- prietor, now the Father of the London Press, has recently established a daily evening paper, called the Standard, exactly upon the prin- ciples of the St. James' Chronicle, only, if possible, more red hot Tory. The Public Ledger has been for many years little con- nected with party. It was powerfully supported by the Shipping Interests. Mr. Crowther, now an Alderman of London, some few years ago adopted Whig Policy ; but, the Ledger never was violent, and was as respectably conducted as any similarly established Journal could by possibility be. THERE was yet another variety of the Press—the Radical—that is to say, those Journals of which Sir Francis Burdett and the Reformers were the Patrons. These were chiefly published weekly, except the Statesman, which, under the Proprietorship and Editory of Mr. Lovell, was the vehicle of the liberals of every grade. THUS was the London Press composed, (referring to its leading features,) up to the period of the last Peace. Lord Liverpool was the first Minister who threw off all open interference with it. The emoluments of the Courier began to decline from the death of Mr. Pitt, and this has continued by little and little, until that Journal, under the present Administration, is driven upon its own resources for support. Not but that the Government still affords its patronage to certain Journals, by whom its measures are indiscriminately advocated ; but there is now no longer any publicly paid Ministerial Journals ; nor is the corruption of the Press, whatever it may be indirectly, any longer so open, public and notorious, as it was during the period we have spoken of. AT present a very extraordinary revolution has taken place. We see Journals in the interest of Government, speaking with great complacency of those individuals who have been literally thrown overboard by the Duke of Wellington. The Courier and the Jour- nals of its class, while they laud the present Administration to the skies, mourn over the Political Manes of the Bathursts, the Pal- mersions, the Dudleys, and the Huskissons, upon whom the Whig Journals are also equally lavish of their praise. This is cer- tainly a very anomalous slate of things ; but it is readily comprehended, when the extraor- dinary manner in which the present Ministers established themselves is duly considered. A new system of writing has also lately grown into vogue. It is, in one word vitu peration. This disgrace to the Press may be first attributed to the John Bull, a Journal proverbial for the filth with which its columns abounded whenever any individual became obnoxious to its conductors or their views. Mr. Theodore Hook, the Defaulter of the Mauritius, is the irresponsible conductor of this Billinsgate work. To the disgrace of the London Journals, a rival in scurrility has been established, excelling, if possible, its prototype in vulgarity and slander. This is also a weekly paper, and is called the ' Age' It conductor is a former Major of Dragoons, who having been for many years connected with those noble and illustrious personages, known by the familiar appellation of " Men about Town," is in possession of every thing necessary to render his Journal formidable to all who dread personal abuse. The Freedom of the Press is one of the best boasts of Englishmen ; but it becomes an evil of equal magnitude when it is converted into an engine of personal defamation and annoyance. Our Readers shall judge how far we are born out in these remarks, by the perusal of an extract from the ' Age' of the 30th March, in which a most ferocious attack is made upon Sir R. Birnie, the Chief Magistrate of Police of the British Metro- polis. This Gentleman it seems, had given offence by attending as one of the select Vestry men of St. Paul's, Covent Garden, the Parish in which he, and the man of the ' Age' reside, and he is attacked in the most brutal and indecent manner accordingly. This will be considered the more extraor- dinary when it is recollected, that the Age is a red hot Tory Journal, established to support the principles of that party, and existing under its patronage and protection ; and Sir R. Birnie is not only a constant attendant upon the King on all public occasions, but is a well known great personal favourite of His Majesty. It is much to the honor of the Whig Press, that not one of the Journals in that interest ever condescend to personal scurrility ; that disgraceful system is exclu- sively adopted by the Tory Journals, and it is more or less disgraceful, as their principles are more or less ultra. THE following is the article which has drawn from us these remarks, and which our Readers, are convinced, will peruse with unqualified disgust :— " We extract the following account of the proceedings of the " Select Vestry" people of St. Paul's Covent Garden, from an Evening Paper, and we solicit attention to its contents. Although we have often had occasion to chastise the in- solence of the Dogberrys of Police, yet we question if we ever met an instance of such ruffianly despotism as this here- in reported of Sir RICHARD BIRNIE. This man, who is, thanks to we know not who, our Chief Magistrate, was originally a sadler, and still, we believe, retains a share in the concern where he formerly worked as a journeyman. Elevated by accident to the Magisterial Chair, he has re- tained it with, as we think, but little advantage to the laws he is appointed to expound. Moreover he is deficient in the common courtesies of the station he is permitted to oc- cupy. It appears that he does not understand the consi- deration that is due to gentlemanly feelings, but violently outrages all respect, as if he were still cock of the walk amongst the tanners, and dispensing stitching law amongst the leather cutters. He wants but to be seated on a saddle of his own manufacture, with a thong in one hand, and a whip in the other, to complete the picture of the Magistrate on his hobby. We only request the reader to peruse the following statement, which if true (and it is attested by the most credible witnesses) affords a striking proof of how impertinently old habits, and the low vulgarities of educa- tion will break out, despite of time, place, or circumstance. But we advise you, Sir RICHARD, to have a care ; you may swim beyond your depth to where the current will be too strong for your skill ; for although you may be a great man amongst the Select Vestry gourmands, and the night constables of St. Paul's, you become a mere sadler again when reduced to the sober durability of ink." We copy the following article from the Sydney Gazette of the 26th Oct. We have only at present room to state, that Mr. Bent not having disposed of his typographical properly, Mr. Murray, of course, is NOT his successor therein. The Colonial Advocate, that ponderous, useful, and inter- esting Monthly Journal, the expiring and gigantic effort of Mr. ANDREW BENT, we regret to perceive, by an announc- ment of Mr. R. L. MURRAY, has given up the ghost. Whe- ther an inquest was held on the occasion, we have not been informed, but if the Coroner had done his duty, we appre- hend that a verdict of wilful murder must have been returned against some person or persons, whether unknown or not, we cannot pretend to say—for we are satisfied that the Colonial Advocate must have terminated its existence only by violence as all our Readers must recollect that this Journal had youth, strength, beauty, education, and success, on its side ; and we would ask, whether it could be possible that a Journal, invested with so many sterling qualities, should have sud- denly disappeared? What constitutes the mysteriousness of this unexpected demise in our minds is, that we never heard of the Colonial Advocate being sickly or consumptive, or in any way afflicted, and we therefore can arrive at no other con- clusion, after a patient investigation into all the merits of the case, that an inquest should have been convened on the mournful occasion, and that a verdict of wilful murder would inevitably have been returned. But as parents disappear, children grow up, in consequence of which wise and provi- dential arrangement we are inclined to augur, that the new Proprietor of Mr. ANDREW BENT'S typographical property, in due season, will put forth something in the shape of a new Journal, independent of his other talented, respectable, and impartial labours. From the long acquaintance of Mr Mur- ray with the Press—and more particularly the London Press— we feel assured the printing materials of Mr. Bent could not have fallen into abler hands. We wish Mr. Murray—an old opponent of ours by the bye, at well as a once old friend, for we spare not friends in our politics any more than our foes, if we did there would soon be an end of our political existence as well as that of others—we iterate that we wish Mr. Murray all the unbounded success, in his literary undertaking, which, we believe, he will arduously earn, as well as honor- ably acquire. Mr. Murray in his last number of his Review, speaks in terms of respect for the parent Colonial Govern- ment, and if there were no other motive to influence us than the developement of such a fact, that would be sufficient to elicit for the successor of Mr. Bent the best regards of the Sydney Gazette. Mr. Murray must be too old a hand at this time of day not to be cognizant of the fact, that consis- tency in public and political life is an ingredient without which no public and political character can calculate upon safety for an instant. Sydney News.—We have received files of the Australian to the 11th, and Sydney Gazettes to the 7th Ultimo, from which we have only time to extract the following :— His Excellency Governor DARLING had an attack of severe illness on the 4th November, but had recovered. At Mr. Terry's Estate on the banks of the Nepean, called Mount Pleasant Park, there are 40 acres of white Poland Oats, averaging 17½ inches in the head. On the same Estate, Mr. Terry has also 100 acres of barley, averaging 45 bushels an acre ; and out of 140 acres of wheat, it is supposed there will not be an acre yield less than 40 bushels. Indeed it is confidently anticipated that Australia, for many years, will not have been blessed with a more abundant harvest. The cargo of wheat, imported on the Marquis of Lans- downe, consisting of 5,000 bushels, has been disposed of for one penny per pound, not five shillings the bushel. There are now as many as two hundred and twenty per- sons in confinement in the Sydney Gaol. Notwithstanding that within the past week there were removed thence as many as from eighty to ninety of both sexes. Of the male branch some were forwarded to iron gangs, some to the hulk, and those of the weaker sex to the Factory. The brig Magnet, now in port, changed owners on Friday last, Capt Taylor, from Hobart Town, becoming the purchaser for 1100l. stg. The Magnet is taking in a quantity of Mimosa bark, which is intended for the English market. Sydney Cove has been thinned a little by the sailings for various parts of the world of vessels on Sunday last, in the early part of which day there were in the harbour twelve ships of a large class, 20 brigs, 4 schooners and 4 cutters, named respectively, viz. :—Schooners—Prince Re- gent, Sydney Packet, Hunter, Darling. Brigs—Cleopatra, Ellen, Civilian, Governor Macquarie, Britannia, Elizabeth, Mary, Elizabeth and Mary, Ann, Blues, Celia, Lord Rod- ney, Dart, Colombia, Magnet, Margaret, Java Packet, Industry, Mary Elizabeth, (Govt) Nercus. Ships—Caro line, Elizabeth, Countess Harcourt, Tiger, Mary Hope, Ephemina, Sir Joseph Banks, Competitor, H. M. Ship Sattellite, Marquis of Lansdowne, Albion, Lucy Anne. Cutters—Caroline, Lord Liverpool, Governor Arthur, and Lambton. A fall, as rapid as the rise for some months past, in the price of flour and bread, is confidently anticipated in the course of a fortnight or three weeks longer. There has been a slight and partial blight, we hear, amongst the most forward of the wheats on the banks of the Hunter, but nothing to cause apprehensions of failure. A census of the population, and of cattle, and property in the Colony, under the Act recently passed, is under contemplation to take place immediately. At a levee by Commander-in Chief Lord Hill in May, we find amongst other General Officers present, the name of Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Brisbane, K. C. B. Died the 14th May, in Bethiem Hospital, the well-known Margaret Nicholson, who attempted the life of his late Ma- jesty. She has been confined in the above establishment 42 years, and during the whole of that period has been in- sane. She always appeared much pleased whenever any of the Royal Family visited the Institution, and on the occa- sion of the death of the late King, requested to be allowed to wear black riband. Her age is supposed to have been nearly 100 years. Gregson's Sydney Trade List.--Total Value of Imports, from the 1st April to the 30th September, 1828, disting wish- ing the Countries whence imported :— | £ | s. | d. From Great Britain, | 207,214 | 3 | 0 From British Colonies and Possessions, | 36,320 | 0 | 0 From Foreign States, | 21,525 | 10 | 0 From Van Diemen's Land, | 46,666 | 15 | 0 From Fisheries, | 14,266 | 12 | 0 General Total, | £325,993 | 9 | 0 Total Value of Exports, from the 1st April to the 30th September, 1828, distinguishing the Countries to which Exported :— | £ | s. | d. To Great Britain, | 49,171 | 0 | 0 To British Colonies and Possessions, | 7,118 | 8 | 0 To Foreign States, | 1,145 | 0 | 0 To Van Diemen's Land, | 22,264 | 6 | 0 General Total, | £79,699 | 8 | 0 Excess of Importation, | £246,294 | 1 | 0 Total Value of Imports from and Exports to V. D. Land, from 1st April to 30th September, 1828 :— | £ | s. | d. Imports, | 46,666 | 15 | 0 Exports, | 22,264 | 0 | 0 Balance in favour of V. D. Land, | £24,402 | 15 | 0 We see by the above useful List, that the balance of Trade against N. S. Wales, during the Quarter ending the 30th September, is above £240,000 ! Who will now affirm that she is able to support herself? And if N. S. Wales is not how much less able is our Infant Island ? Although, as far as respects Sydney, we are gainers during the awe, period of above £24,000. Within the six months ending the 30th September, there has been Imported into Sydney £116,659 worth cf Agricul- tural Produce ; consisting of wheat, barley, flour, beer, butter, candles, cheese, hops, hay, potatoes, salt meat, salt, soap, spirits, tallow, turnips, tobacco, and vinegar, beades a large amount of wine, cider, leather, coarse woollen cloth, blankets, cordage, sugar, coffee, agricultural implements, &c.;, &c.;, all, or nearly all, of which might be raised and produced by themselves, if under the necessary fostering laws, and managed by proper Colonial Policy. State of our Prisons.—On enquiry we find there are now confined in our Jail nearly 90 Persons charged with various offences, and upwards of 20 Persons confined as Debtors ; we also hear that the Prison at Launceston is crowded to excess, insomuch that the Debtors and Felons are mixed together. Considering the short time that has elapsed sine the Criminal Court closed its sittings, it is matter of deep regret that the number of prisoners should have so insressed, and it should become a subject of serions reflection on the part of those intrusted with judicial authority, whether it be wise to committ every person charged with any offence indiscriminately to the felon prison ; many of the offences (if duly considered) being only amenable to the Quarter Sessions, the parties might be merely held to bail. We make this observation with the full conviction that com- mitting persons charged only with minor offences, is the most certain and efficacious way that can be adopted to spread the infectious contagion of crime. We have little doubt that a Magisterial commission, pro- perly authorised, upon visiting our prisons, might dispose of a considerable proportion of the inmates in the Felons side, in a summary way. In Great Britain the necessity of holding petty Sessions, composed of two or three Magistrates aided by the legal knowledge and experience of a Bar- rister, is deemed necessary, and put in practice very gene- rally by Mr. Peel throughout the United Kingdom ; this preserves the characters of innocent individuals from ruin, and saves the expense of useless prosecutions to the Country. How much more necessary a Bench so constituted must appear to every dispassionate .mind, in this Colony, where Gentlemen intrusted with the commission of the peace (we speak without any disparagement to them) cannot be ex- pected to have yet reached the same degree of information or discrimination at their more favoured brethren in the Mother Country There is another circumstance which militates greatly against public justice, (but which we are happy is new given up in Hobart,) it is that of private trials, or what may be termed closed doors in the Police Office, though, like the King's courts, they should be free as air, it being part of the invaluable rights of Englishmen, never yet disputed, (except in the Star Chamber,) to have free ingress and egress to and from the Courts of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction, which has so eminently contributed to the advancement of public justice, and has been a wholsesome check upon Magisterial power. The confinement of great numbers of useful hands in prison for debt, or petty offences, is one of the most im- politic measures that ever disgraced a nation maintaining principles of liberty. By the laws of Debtor and Creditor, in absolute power in a free country is given to one individual, over both the person and the property of another. In England, " the classic land of liberty !" if he sinks under the weight of this arbitrary power,—if he dies,—no account is rendered nor any compensation made to his perhaps starving family, for the loss of a husband, parent, or brother. The King was not his creditor, yet he, in obedience to the law, quietly acquiesces in the loss of a subject, who might otherwise have contributed to population, agriculture, manufacture, trade, navigation, the fisheries, or the defence of the state. How very forcibly do these reasons appear in this Colony, where population is too scanty and labour too high to cul- tivate advantageously or extensively the millions of acres yet unexplored ! or to supply any of the wants or necessa- ries of life, for which we are daily indebted to the Mother Country and other nations, and for which we are obliged in consequence to make returns in hard cash. Great Britain loudly boasts that she hates and abhors the very idea of slavery ; yet, is there a greater slave in the world than are English debtor laying in prison (totally insolvent) at the tender mercy of his creditor ? ! ! All civil governments, founded for the happiness of mankind, lay it down as a maxim, that the interest, the convenience, and even the ease of individuals, must be sacrificed to the public good ;—admit the principle,—and then say, how the British Government can allow the locking up so many useful members of society year after year for debt ? We take this subject in a political and commercial point of view ; but, as we are sensible many will object that credit would be at a stand, and the course of trade impeded if debtors were not punished for failure ; in reply, have leave to observe, that we refer to honest debtors, whose mis- fortunes are a sufficient punishment, and whose remaining property, whatever it-may-be, should be taken and divided amongst his creditors, or restored to himself upon his being able to procure security for the due payment of its value within a reasonable fixed period. The confining a member of a community is an injury to society, and the public should have the power of claiming its shase of the person of every one of its members : no punishment, therefore- to be inflicted on an individual for an injury (not a capital crime) should extend to deprive the state of the utility of a subject. We offer the above remarks with a view of drawing the attention of our first Law Officer, lately Gazetted, to the subjects we have slightly noticed, and will feel happy if any hint of ours may lend to the amelioration of the laws or regulations affecting either of the classes of our fellow Colonists alluded to. CLARET.—An importation of very excellent French wines having been received per ship WAVE. we think it may not be uninteresting to such of our readers as are not fully acquainted with the different descriptions of the wines known under the general denomination of Claret, to explain in what the difference consists. The word claret is derived from the French word CLAIRET, bright or clear. Most of the wines thus denominated are produced on the left bank of the Gironde, from 20 to 30 miles from Bourdeaux, in a district called MEDOC. Upper Medoc supplies the best wines, of which the most esteemed are those of 1st Chateau Margeaux 2nd Lafitte 3rd Latour. The next in celebrity are Leoville and La Rose ; then come Pontel, St. Pierre, and others known by the general name of St. Julien, and Haut Brion. All these are purchased chiefly for the Eng- lish market. In their pure state they improve by a sea voyage, and will keep for years to ad- vantage. The flavours peculiar to the best Chateau Margeaux wines resembles the violet and the raspberry. The choice vintages of these wines are worth more in the country of their production, than any where else. For instance —The wines of 1825, cost at Bordeaux 3,500 francs per ton ; the respectable houses in the wine trade there charged for the above wines, bottled, about 71s. per dozen ; Now it is pub lic and notorious that clarets are all sold un- blushingly in England, as of the first growth, at a much less price, in bond of course. The fact is, very little claret can be obtained by the consumer in an unadulterated state. The first quality costs as we have already stated, the 2nd quality £40, 3rd £30, fourth £20, fifth £12, and Cargo or common table wind £4 ; with such ample latitude for substitution it is not suprising that so much adulteration takes place. The other Bordelais wines are the Vins de Grave, produced from rocky, rough or gravel- ly soils, of which the best are those produced from the districts of Sauterne, Prignac, Barsac, and Bonnes. These wines sell 1st quality at £30 per hhd, 2nd do. £25, 3rd do.. £20, 4th do. £12, 5th do. £8, and Cargo £4. The Comparative exemption from crime, and the happiness diffused by a general and liberal use of wine are duly appreciated in France. In England the people have different habits, and different results are the consequence. Mr Lakeland's Funeral.—On Tuesday last the remains of J. Lakeland, Esq. J.P., Principal Superintendent of Convicts, was laid in the silent tomb, between two of his children, who preceded him into the Eter- nal world. The corpse was followed by His Ex- cellency the Lieutenant Governor and all the public officers, civil, military, and ecclesiastical, together with all the respect- able inhabitants who could possibly attend, and many prisoners of the crown, paying their last tribute of respect to an officer whose discharge of a most irksome duty had given general satisfaction. BANK of V. D. LAND.—On Monday the an- nual meeting of this Establishment was held pur- suant lo advertisement, to elect two Directors in the room of Mr. M Lachland and Mr. Bell out by rotation, and Mr. Bethune out by resigna- tion. Mr. Kemp the President in the Chair. Messrs. McLachlan and Bell were candidates for re-election, and there were two new candi- dates Messrs. Hewett and Underwood, to sup- ply Mr. Bethure's vacancy. Upon the ballot the following was the state of the poll. McLachlan | 181 Hewett | 121 Bell | 116 Underwood | 75 This result was considered highly satisfactory. After the ballot Mr. Kermode addressed the President requesting to know whether upon a late occasion the sum of £4500, or some such sum, had not been discounted by the Director's, of Bills, either of Directors or for gentlemen in the direction. Mr. Kemp referred Mr. Kermade to the advertisement calling the meeting, by which it appeared that it was held for the Elec- tion of Directors only, which precluded the possi bility of entering into other business ; but Mr. Kemp added, that in order to meet Mr. K's wishes, the Directors would cause, that the meet- ing to be held on the 1st January, to declare a divi- dend, should also be called FOR OTHER PUR POSES, which would enable Mr. Kermode, or any other Gentleman, to bring forward any motion which might be wished,—The Meeting then adjourned. THE DERWENT BANK — On Wednesday last the half yearly meeting of the proprietors of this establishment was held at the Banking House. It was very numerously attended. Mr. Hone having taken the chair, Mr. Dunn address- ed the meeting, and in a long and explicit speech explained the causes by which he had been induced to offer his shares for sale. In the course of his address having mentioned some circumstances referring to Messrs. Stephen and Gellibrand, those Gentlemen severally addressed the meeting, as also did Mr. Fereday, Mr. O'Fer- rall, Mr. Murray, and other proprietors Upon the conclusion of this preliminary discussion the following Gentlemen were elected Directors for the ensuing year. Messrs. | Adey | Kerr | Balton | Walker | Crombie | Wood. | Gellibrand, Sen. | A motion was made by Mr. Murray that the Cashier and Accountant should be re elected for the ensuing three years instead of for one year. But the numbers upon a division being equal, the further consideration thereof was adjourned until the meeting be held in January next to declare the dividend. The thanks of the meeting were unanimously voted to Mr. Hone, for his conduct as President of the Establish- and also for his conduct in the Chair. And after some other business, connected only with the private arrangements of the establishment, was transacted, the meeting adjourned. ST. ANDREW'S CLUB DINNER.—On Mon- day last, the anniversary of the good old SCOTTISH SAINT, was held in the Macquarie Hotel ; about fifty Gentlemen NATIVES OF THE THREE UNITED ISLES, sat down to dinner at six o'clock, Mr. McLachlan in the Chair, and Mr. Thomson, Croupier. After the Cloth was removed the usual loyal, national, and patriotic toasts were given, followed by expressions of applause and appropriate songs, which was kept up with great spirit until early next morning, when the party separated, highly delighted with each other and with their entertainment, and praying they may live to have the opportunity of enjoying a repetition of such pleasure. We have great pleasure in stating from autho- rity on which we place much reliance, that that old and respectable Colonist and Magis- trate Mr. Gordon, has been appointed to suc- ceed the late Mr. Lakeland, as Principal Supt. of Convicts. We are satisfied that this appoint- ment will give universal satisfaction, nor could the Government have more shewn its attention to the public feeling, than by the disposition thus made of the important office, now placed in such able hands. His EXCELLENCY has, we understand, most generously granted 2,600 acres of Land to Mrs. Lakeland and her children. SPERM FISHING.—In our Columns of this day will be seen an Advertisement for Young Men to engage in the Sperm Whale Fishing, on board the brig Caroline. We rejoice to see an attempt of this kind about to be made, and we hope not only the four advertised for, but the whole crew will be composed of our indefatigable Tasmanian Youths, that they may acquire a proper knowledge of that branch of industry, and be enabled to avail themselves of the most valuable source of our Colonial wealth. NEW MARKET- PLACE.—The harvest is drawing near ; much labour and expense has been laid out on the new Market-place, but it lays dormant, and of as little use as if one shilling had not been expended in its preparation ; the Settlers, when they come to town with their produce, must hawk it up and down the streets as usual, some of them imposing on the inhabitants, and at other times com- pelled to sell below the fair market price, while upon the whole, the delay and consequent expense occasioned to the Agriculturist by the want of a regular known market- place, where he could at once dispose of his produce, is often nearly equal to the value of his produce thus sold. THE schooner Fly, which sailed for the Isle of France last week, returned into Port yesterday, from contrary winds and for the purpose of shipping a new Captain. Veal.—It is no bad proof of the quality of our cattle, and the excellency of our pasture, when we see a calf not two months old, of above 100lbs weight, killed and exposed for sale at Mr. Stocker's meat market. SUPREME COURT. —This Court will sit at Launceston, for hearing the civil causes, (intended to be heard on the 29th Sept. last,) on the 18th Instant, and two following days. And a Session of Oyer and Terminer, and general Gaol Delivery will be held at Launceston on the 22nd Inst. On Wednesday morning four piuoners {for trial,) Thomas, Benson, Ddiiiel Brown, George Woolley and William VVatts effected making a hole through the* wall nf their cell, and goi to ihe cook house - about 3 o'clock, fn>m whence Woolley sticceeded'in making his escape over Ihe wall, nol a .title aided by the Gallows platform. Hook, one of llie Javelin men, saw liiin on the 'op of llie platform and followed iiirn over Ihe wall, but having dislocated his accle he could do no more than give Ihe alarm ; the others were secured. Woolley, it will be recollected, was a bushranger; he is a young man of' a 'florid complexion, ami a native-of'Cheshire. RoBBtiKY.—On Sunday evening lait, the Male ol the ship Borneo was attacked bj a boat's C'cw at the Jt-liy and robbed of his gold repeat er and some cash, lie howevrr pursued litem and recovered his properly. They are now in cuatody and we believe committed for triail A man of the mme of Koutley, accused. <>f f< IonY, alter having been apprehended and brought to Kangaroo Point, effected his escape from the constables. - FROM OUR LAUNCESTON CORRESPON DENT.—The Prince Leopold has lost her rudder again, going down in George Town, in a gale of wind, boy has his leg broke, and the Pilot was thrown overboard; I am sorry, like wise, to say, that Mr. W. H. Evans, Builder; a passenger, died in the Pilot's aims, while putting him ashore al George Town. Price of wheat 10i per bushel. Lieuienaiit .Vachel!, of the lloyal Staff Corps left O.illands on Tmsday lasi, with lour ot his men, for the purpose of form ng a Township at Ross; Ihe riuuindtir of his detachment, j expected, will soon follow* Mr. Prtsnell.of SoYrlJ Spiing*, yftt fined on the 1st inst., by a Bench of,Magistrates, for keeping a disorderly house. Gavin Hcgg, of ihe .While Conduit Hou;e, Ross Bridgf, Was convicted in the penalty of .£'10 and coits, for^suffering a prisoner to lip. pie and be 25lh October last. MURDER BY THE ABORGINES.—We have the melancholy task o( recording another murder committed by these savages. • On the 1st iustant, Mr. A. Wood, a young man of most respectable connections iu Koxbur^hshi e, Scot and, was mmdered by the blacks, in his own farm house at the Eastern Marshes. It appears his s rvahts were se»erally sent by their master to different operations on the farm, and that be remained alone at the house. He was found dead with a spear through hii body, from which it appeared he had attempted in vain to extricate himself. We are now more and more convinced that these stvages must be removed from our shores; and we think, by giving proper encouragement to the prisoners of the Crown, tliey might all be very speedily taken. Delay, in this case is daiigetous. i O'CLOCK.—We stop the Press to announce that George. Woolley, who effected his escape from the Jail, has just been taken by two Prisoners of the Crown, on the Government Paddock, and is now lodged in his former residence. POLICE OFFICBy HOBART. November 28. James Priest and Thomas Bull, bound over'to keep the peace for Six Months, towards John Jacobs and John Julian Hamilton. Abet Lancaster, for being drunk and ditorderly, fined St. John Popjon, Charles Lyons, Bartholemew Jacluon, Henry Watts, and Robert Franklin, committed for examination, for a most daring and outrageous assault upon Mr. Dixon, the chief officer «f the Borneo, on Suuday night last, and robbing him of £& and other property Dtccihbcr 2, deorge AdAnis/Joha Engtand; and Francis Oakry, for drtnkenness, fined 5s. each. Henry Corsing. Bound over to keep the peace ton'srds Thomas Salmon forThrce Months. December 3. Joseph Dunkley, Thomas Bull, Ralph Burley, Thomas Baskewille, James Ingram, and Ilichard Wainwripht, for drunkenness, fined Ss. each.. William Yates, fully committed for trial, for stealing a quantity of iron, part of a turning lathe, the properly of Mr. Meredith at Swan Port. William Vaughan and James Robb, were removed from Government Farm to the Penetentiary and nrdered|to labour in the iron gang, for. bavins' repeatedly unpiopcrly impounded cattle, belonging to differeut persona In the neighbourhood of New Town. We again request that our Advertising Friendswill be so gnorlas mark upon their advertisments the number of times they wish them inserted, as, unless this is done, they will be continued till further orders. ~ ERRATUM in our last.—In the account of Captain Peid's robbery, for one of Mr Knnpioond's servants_ named ' Simpson" read "Edward Lnvell," who was secreted behind a tree near the place where the box was afterwards discovered, hid under the grasi recently cut 