Shipping Intelligence. On Wednesday last arrived, from London, Cork, and the Cape of Good Hope, the ship Marquis of Huntley, Captain Ascough, with 160 male prisoners from Ireland, and 3 from the Cape, together with 4 sons of prisoners. Captain Ascough is now an old hand out here. He left London the 26th of August, Cork, the 29th of September, and the Cape of Good Hope the 24th of December. The guard comprises a detachment of the 40th Regiment, under the orders of Lieutenant Slade. Yesterday arrived, from Port Macquarie, the Go- vernment schooner Alligator. The ship Frederick sailed, for Batavia, on Tuesday last. The Nimrod, for Rio de Janeiro ; the Waterloo, for Port Dalrymple ; and the Prince of Denmark, for New Zealand, are announced to sail to-morrow ; the Medway, for Hobart Town ; and the Tiger and Dra- gon, for South America, on Sunday next. The arrival of the Marquis of Huntley furnishes us with English and Irish Papers of the latest dates, that as for interest, that is quite out of the question ; indeed, so much insipidity and barrenness we never witnessed in any of those Journals before. This, how- ever, is to be accounted for. The public mind can never be kept in an incessant state of excitation. There must be rises and falls, mountains, and vallies, in public interest ; and when there is no Parliament sitting, and all the world be a state of quiescence, the hapless Editor, in spite of himself, must have his mind accommodated to the tranquillity around him ; since, if the feelings of a public writer should not happen to be in unison with that particular society with which he may he called to dwell, the unfortunate caterer might as well politically give up the ghost. Let Conductors of public Journals talk as they will, they only luxuriously feast—it is only then they are in their proper element—when all is at war around them —themselves excepted ; and as well might the finny inhabitants complain of the overflowing of the ocean, as public writers animadvert upon the awful state of excitation into which the people have been thrown. Listen to an Editor Complaining of politics running high ; if he present to you one side of his contour with a serious aspect, depend upon it he is grinning with the other. The real Editor is never at rest, never feels himself at home, unless he has something interesting to communicate—something tremendous to unfold. If he be an ingenious fellow—none of your coarse Monitorial hands—the powers of inven- tion and witticism will always be at his fingers end. If he be a satirical writer, one who likes to despatch a man genteelly—not like your Australian scribes, who cut men's throats in any way, careless of the pain they may give in scattering destruction—he will always be considered respectable, if not feared, from the circumstance of developing a certain tact, which many may strive to imitate, but to which none can lay claim for originality. An Editor in fact, of all other political animals, is obnoxious to the most di- versified life. He is sometimes high, at other times low, in public opinion. At one era of his life he is lauded to the skies, at another period of his political career he " is damned to everlasting fame." An Edi- tor is a dangerous animal, and he is also always envi- roned by danger. He walks over burning plough- shares, and if he be not very skilful indeed, he often pays for his temerity. At every advance in life, there is that hydra-headed monster, LIBEL, staring him in the face, and in this Colony it is more fearful than elsewhere, inasmuch as it is only guarded by an As- sessor on each side. The pains and penalties attached to an Editorial life can be better conceived than described, in illustration of which we feel we can confidently appeal to our worthy contemporaries of New South Wales. Well ! But to what quarter have we digressed? We must return, else our good-na- tured Readers may begin to accuse us of yielding to flights of imagination, which indeed would ill accord with that temperate character which our Journal has succeeded in obtaining for itself. We were talking of English News. The fact is, there is nothing new ; and as for Irish News, we have not been accustomed to value arrivals from that quarter, because their Papers generally teem with Meetings of the Catho- lic Associations—the speeches of Messrs. O'Connell and Shiel—and accounts of sundry bloody murders, &c.; &c.; One gratifying fact we had almost forgotten to notice. Our venerated Monarch continues to enjoy that degree of health, for which every loyal and affectionate subject ceaselessly and devoutly prays. The Ministry appears not to have undergone any alteration ; but, as we are hourly looking for arri- vals from London direct, we hope shortly to become the medium of conveying to our Readers, as usual, THE LATEST BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. We have been handsomely put in possession of a few numbers of " The Colonist," a weekly paper, printed at the Cape of Good-Hope, by Mr. Bridekirk. The Cape is very old Colony, but it is a proof of the effects of cramping literature, when we witness the production of such a bagatelle as The Colonist. With all thy faults Australia, we love thee still ! It really does appear to us, and it is known we will speak our mind on the subject of the Press, that the Government at the Cape of Good Hope, have missed their way in introducing the licensing system, because we insist on it, and will ever maintain, that no Govern- ment can ever be defended with vigour, and have justice rendered to its measures, in the absence of the exercise at freedom in public discussion. We may be wrong, but we have hitherto experienced the truth of this axiom, ever since we knew what it was to write for the eye of the Public ; and in proportion to the encouragement which the Liberty of the Press may be honored with at the hands of an enlightened Govern- ment, in the same proportion will be the inevitable prosperity of the country which may have the good for- tune to be swayed by Rulers, who can bravely submit to outlive the clamours of the factious few, and ulti- mately become crowned with the laurels of a grateful and affectionate People. The Colonist of the Cape of Good Hope possesses anything but sentiment, and indeed we wonder that Mr. Bridekirk, who seems to have some intelligence, has the spirit to publish any thing. The Freedom of the Press has elevated our conceptions, and it ¡s on that account, whilst we think lightly of Colonies so cramped, when compared with our own enviable condition, we cannot help pitying our Editorial Brethren, who have to prosecute their labours with that yoke, aud subject to that servi- tude, after which we shall never aspire. Perhaps enough has been advanced on this Cape subject. The only article of interest we can find in the Colonist is the following :— Supreme Court.—We understand that a meeting of the legal practitioners in Cape Town was held on Tuesday (Nov. 20,) at the chambers of His Honor Sir John Wylde, when the regulations of the Charter were communicated to them, under which they will bo permitted to practise in the new Supreme Court. His Honor was likewise understood to state, on be- half of himself and brother Judges, that the Court will take up the present practice and proceedings, at the precise stage at which they shall be found on the 1st of January next. The present Court of Justice and Court of Appeals are abolished by the Charter. Appeals will lie from the Supreme Court to the King in Council, but only in cases where the matter in dispute shall exceed £1000. We are given to understand that the Charter will be promulgated in a very short time. A case, in which the Editor of this Paper appeared as the complaining party, was to have come under consideration of the Bench of Magistrates on Wednesday last ; summonses having been promptly granted by the Super- intendent of Police on Monday for that day (Wednesday.) Mr. Balcombe, Mr. J. T. Campbell, and Mr. John Stephen, junior, com- posed the Bench. When the complaint was about to be entered on, a note or letter was put in by the party complained of, purporting to come from Mr. Wentworth the Lawyer, requesting, that the investigation might be put off to a future day, as he, forsooth, could not conveniently attend ! From what we could ascertain, as the complainant opposed the postponement of the case, Mr. Balcombe and Mr. Stephen were decidedly of opinion, that as Colonel Morisset had directed the sum- mons to issue for that day, and as all the parties had been subpoena'd, the case ought to be heard and determined. Mr. J. T. Campbell, however, with his accustomed re- gard for the Editor of the Sydney Gazette, was of opinion that respect should be had for Mr. Wentworth's note, and on that account, and that account alone, the case ought not to be allowed to come on. The complainant then respectfully intimated to the Bench, that he had himself retained Mr. Solicitor Norton in this simple ABC case, wherein the only point for consideration was, to ascertain whe- ther the indentures of a youth could be vitiated and although Mr. Norton, from pre-engage- ment, could not attend, yet rather than the complainant's witnesses should be obliged to depart the Court without giving their tes- timony, after waiting the whole day, the complainant was prepared to enter into the merits of the affair, without the aid of Counsel. Mr. Campbell still held on to his own opinion, in which however we were happy to find, that he continued sin- gular. Respect for Mr. Wentworth indeed ! Why we are satisfied, that the Superintendent of the Police, had he been upon the Bench, would have listened to no such representation. The summonses were issued—the parties were in attendance—and as it was a simple case between master and apprentice, Colonel Morisset would not have deviated an inch from the plain path of public duty. But we must do Mr. Balcombe, who presided in the absence of the Superintendent of Police, the jus- tice to acknowledge, as usual, that he was firm in his determination, and in whose opinion Mr. Stephen coincided. The majority of the Bench, therefore, as the complainant represented the hardship of being obliged to bow to " respect for Mr. Wentworth," were pleased to express themselves favourably with regard to the repre- sentation of the complainant, and thought that his witnesses might at least be examined ; and then if the Bench judged proper, the opposite party might be heard at another day. The com- plainant, however, not wishing the impression to go abroad, that he was apprehensive of the well-known and duly appreciated talents of Mr. Wentworth, stated to the Bench that he would acquiesce in the postponement of the investigation, on condition that the other side be saddled with the expenses of fresh summonses. To this the Bench hand- somely acceded, and fresh processes were directed to be issued for Friday. Whilst on this subject, once for all, let us say a few words to Mr. J. T. Campbell. As a Magistrate of the Colony, we feel obliged to respect him, but as a private individual we know, and have had repeated proofs of his inimicality to us. The Public must be aware of the fact, that we have promulgated to the world, in instances out of number, that Mr. Campbell is an unpopular man—was always an unpopular man—and will ever continue an unpopular man. Such is the sentiment that we have publicly and privately disseminated. and the Public of New South Wales can bear testimony, every man, woman, and child in the Colony, to the truth of this assertion. It is no vice to be unpopular, but it is most unquestionably a sad misfortune for an old wealthy Colonist to be unpopular. Can we, therefore, be supposed to be on any thing like terms with Mr. Campbell? Is it to be imagined that Mr. Campbell can have any predilection in favour of those who, at every convenient opportunity, take it upon them- selves to inform the Public that he is unpo- pular ?—not that we shall ever require aught but justice at the hands of any party ! If this is a real description of the re- lation in which the Editor of this Journal and Mr. John Thomas Campbell stand, would it not be more becoming in that gentleman, in his capacity of Magistrate, from motives of delicacy, to abstain from interfering, or giving his dictum in cases wherein the said Editor is concerned? We are not by any means desirous of insinuating any improper motive to- ward Mr. Campbell as a Magistrate—we know ourselves better—he may be a fair, upright, and conscientions Magistrate for all we know, but it becomes our duty to acquaint him of the fact, that the Public look upon Mr. Campbell as our enemy, and he has a right to continue such; but we put it to that gentle- man whether it would not be more agreeable to public feeling, if he magnanimously retired on such occasions ? A Justice of the Peace is a public character, and the Editor of a News- paper is also a public character ; and when the latter takes every opportunity of letting the former understand that he is universally un- popular, we think it would be extremely hard, rather against the grain of human nature, for so necessarily offended a party not to enter- tain unfriendly feelings towards such an adver- sary. We believe that the Chief Justice once stated, upon an objection being taken to an Assessor in the Supreme Court, that though the objection could not be legally started under the present Charter, still no gentleman would think of sitting under such circum- stances ; and His Honor further stated, if our information be correct, that even if an ob- jection were made to himself, that he would gladly vacate the seat of justice in favour of another Judge. Such is asserted to be the opinion of Chief Justice Forbes. During the late Quarter Sessions, it was requested of Mr. Norton that he would especially object to Mr. J. T. Campbell sitting as a Magistrate on the trial in The King against Redfern, wherein the Editor of this Paper was the nominal prosecutor; but the moment that Mr. Norton intimated it was likely to be considered as reflecting on the other gentlemen of the Bench, we were content to forego the objec- tion, because we have never stated, with the exception of alluding to a certain " thorough- going Government adherent," that any Ma- gistrate was unpopular, save Mr. Campbell. Yet, most astonishing to say, though it might have been inadvertency, Mr. J. T. Campbell actually called in at the Court of Quarter Sessions, at a late hour in the day, during the trial of The King against Redfern, and took his seat as a Justice of the Peace, though he had not heard one tittle of evidence on the occa- sion ; and that notwithstanding the Counsel for the defendant was just concluding a most formidable and abusive harangue when Mr. Campbell appeared. If—we say, if—we had not seen Mr. Campbell consulting with his bro- ther Magistrates in reference to the verdict, of all connexion with which he should have been entirely ignorant, inasmuch as he had not heard any of the evidence, we should not have of- fered a syllable on so strange an occurrence ; and it was an interference, to say the least, that was exceedingly unpopular, considering that the auditory knew how matters stood be- tween us and Mr. Campbell. We should hope, however, though Mr. Campbell did ap- pear to be warmly engaged in conversation with some of his brother Magistrates, that he did not in any way attempt to interpose, merely because the Editor of a certain Journal happened to be the unavoidable prosecutor. This is a circumstance we shall not touch, but Mr. Campbell will best know, and so do the other Magistrates also, whether he did think it his duty to interfere in the verdict of a trial, of which he had not heard the smallest particle of evidence ! For the present we shall leave Mr. Campbell, but in doing so, we fear- lessly assert, that if the law gave us the power, we should invariably object to that gentleman sitting as a Judge in any cause in which we were interested pro or con ; and we embrace this opportunity of stating our objection in the columns of the Sydney Gazette, which could not be legally done at present in any of our Courts. Mr. Campbell, however, so far from our wishing to insinuate to the con- trary, may be an upright and conscientious Magistrate—a fact that will be developed when every secret shall be revealed. But still we have never heard that he was a popular man. Colonel Dumaresq.—The John Bull, of the 16th of September last, gives an ac- count of the arrival, in England, of this Gen- tleman, who left the Colony early in June last. The Australian must have made an astonish- ingly quick passage, as she could not possibly have been 100 days.—No news of the Cum- berland's arrival. We are happy to report the safe return, to the Colony, of Dr. McLeod, formerly at- tached to the Family of Sir Thomas Bris- bane, and ex-Police Magistrate at Parramatta. The Doctor comes out with the appointment of Staff Surgeon. Sir Thomas Brisbane, the late Governor in Chief of this Colony, was in good health when Dr. McLeod left Europe; and so was Major Goulburn. A Governor, to succeed Colonel Arthur in Van Diemen's Land, is at length announced as a fact. Colonel Davies is the distin- guished Individual. Mr. John Wylde, eldest son of Sir John Wylde late Judge Advocate of New South Wales, and the present Chief Justice the Cape of Good Hope, is a passenger per the Marquis of Huntley. Mr. Wylde visits the Colony for the purpose of accompanying Lady Wylde, by the earliest opportunity, to Sir John at the Cape. In a cavern at Bermuda, remarkable for its extent and beauty, there exists a singular propinquity of salt and fresh water pools ; the situation of two of these is peculiarly curious. They are divided from each other by a piece of rock not much thicker than a man's hand ; and yet the water from one tastes as if taken from the Atlantic, while that of the other is as fresh and pleasant as possible. The annual exhibition of the products of French industry opened at the Louvre on the 1st of August last. Four temporary galleries were erected for the reception of the articles at the four angles of the Court of the Louvre. This exhibition presented proofs of a very striking improvement in French articles.— Among machines, borrowed from England, and alleged to be improved, we find noticed printing-presses worked by steam, and an ap- paratus for measuring gas, by which what each individual burns is easily ascertained, and thus a charge of the specific quantity used may be made. There was a Meeting of the Court of Pro- prietors of the Bank of New South Wales, pursuant to public advertisement, on Wednes- day last. The Court was not very crowded. Thomas Raine, Esq. quite unknown to him- self, and against his own personal feel- ings, allowed himself to be unanimously re- turned as a Director, in the room of William Cox, Esq. who had sent in his resignation. No business of importance was transacted, with the exception of it being deemed ex- pedient that the mysterious "seven" should continue to be the extent of the Direction. Evidently there's something fascinating in so snug and compact a little circle; but, in consequence of three or four of the Gentle- men in the Direction, but not one beyond that number, meeting with our concurrence, from the supposition that they are honorable and impartial men, we shall be glad to witness the prosperity of the Bank, even under the auspicies of "seven !" And we are the more willing to arrive at this conclusion, because we are satisfied that the popular and disin- terested part of the Direction will very nar- rowly look after the other. It has been said, that we are the enemies of the Old Bank. This is a charge, however, that we deny. We are enemies to usurers, to men who exert un- due influence, to those who have been enabled to extract money from the Bank at eight or ten per rent, and let it out immediately at 15, 25, and 35 per cent ! It is not the Institution to which we have latterly been opposed, but it is some in the Direction against whom our indignation has been justly aroused ; and not- withstanding that there are certain popular and confidential men in the Direction, yet we find it impossible all at once to banish every degree of suspicion from our minds. We should indeed be sorry if the Old Bank were to suffer any greater inconvenience than it has already endured, by adhering to unpopular men, and unpopular measures; and we are satis- fied, by the restoration of Mr. Raine to the Direction, that confidence will be considerably renewed even by so simple and popular an ex- ploit-one unexpected and unsolicited on the part of Mr. Raine. The Bank of Australia possesses too much liberality, and too great a share of prosperity, to witness, without emo- tion, the infliction of any injury to the Old Bank. The Public cannot possibly desire the destruction of an establishment that has con- ferred so much real benefit on the Country. And we, as impartial Journalists, have no other anxiety in operation, than that of beholding the Bank of New South Wales flourish, des- pite of all that petty, illiberal, and unprincpled conduct which has blemished some of those who either are, or were, Directors. We there- fore trust, by a proper attention to the interests of the Public, that the Old Bank will still effici- ently co-operate with the Bank of Australia, in promoting the permanent welfare and cer- tain prosperity of this rising state. 