TO THE EDITOR. SIR,—In a rising Colony like this, where there is, or ought to be, an ardour for the promotion of all kinds of private merit, every circumstance is interesting which tends to bring into notice an individual who adorns society by the brilliancy of his talents. I do not allude, on this occasion, to the more exalted and learned provinces of life, but descend, for the present, into the humbler domain, in the valley of pure nature, where, as a bard has well and truly remarked, "Full many a flower is born to blush unseen, And waste its beauties on the desert air." By the recent publication of a poetical sketch entitled "The Wanderer," in the "Colonial Advocate" of last month, my attention has been diverted to an individual who is stated, in that Journal, to be "in the humble walks of life," but who, when viewed through the medium of this production, is presented in an imposing altitude, and challenges our admiration. I therefore beg permission to offer a few strictures on this Poem, with the view of bringing it a little more into the notice of the Public, that the neglect of humble genius, once a stigma on our enlightened mother country, may not be impited to us. As "the Wanderer" has been some time before the Public, and therefore, very probably, perused by most of your Readers, it is unnecessary to enter into a detail of the narration. It may be remarked, however, that as every good poem ought to have a subject which in some way interests us, so the author of the sketch in question has been peculiarly felicitous in this respect; for few themes can be more attractive to a true Co- lonist, than the prosperity of his adopted country, the prediction of which, appears lo be the main subject of the Poem. Throughout the whole piece, a beautiful descriptive narration is conspicuous. "The Wanderer," (a Tasmanian) getting bewil- dered in the desert—-his apostrophy to his native land—his dream—the introduction of the "viewless minstrel"—and his production as to the "Tasmanian Isle," are pieces of fine poetical painting, and convey to us a lively idea of the objects represented. The Author indeed seems to excell in desciiption, that great test of a Poet's imma- gination, aud which, in every species of poetical composition, possesses a considerable place: he has admirably suited the scenery to the subject of the poem, and exhibited nature under such a form as best corresponds with the sentiments he delivers: every image and circumstance tends either to aggrandize or to beautify, and places the objects in so strong a light before the eye, that the im- pression is transmitted in its full force to the imagination of the reader. The following passages present a collection of strong expressive images, not clothed in vague unmeaning language, which would only enfeeble the impression designed to be made, but all picturesque, and lending to place the objects before our eyes in one strong point of view, with all their distinguishing features distinctly; and every thing that is new and peculiar in the scene is rendered present to the mind in the glowing colours of reality:— "He found no path, excepting where The Kangaroo runs to his lair; He found no house, excepting caves That hideous yawn'd, like open graves; He shouted, and his loud halloo, Was answered by the Cockatoo, That clap'd her snowy wings, and flew Affrighted at the voice of man, The first that ever trod that ground, Unless some fell, rude, robber gang That in the wild a shelter found. Such was the wilderness to view, But yet it had its beauties too; The modest vi'let fair did blow, And meetly bloom'd the red heath bell; The daisy spread her breast of snow, And sweetly sang the gay rozell. The sun's expiring beam did tinge The mountain, with a purple fringe; And those dark rocks, so wild and stern, Were crested by the waving fern, Save some rude crag, bleak, bare, and high, That low'ring seem'd to threat the sky, Where creature never found its way, Save Eagles, and fell birds of prey. In such a place, secure from view, A robber chief might lead his crew; In such a place, might fairies dance, Or revel by the moon's pale glance; In such a place grey ghosts might meet, Clad in the mournful winding-sheet; In such a place, in days of yore, When persecution stained with gore The House of God, His Priests might pay There vows in sweet security; In such a place, a wizard grey, Might peep into futurity." This is not merely the language of descrip- tion, but such circumstances are selected as may catch the fancy, and the objects are particularized so as to convey to the reader a lively conception of the scene. The single object of— "the Cockatoo, That clapp'd her snowy wings, and flew Affrighted at the voice of man, The first that ever trod that ground, is itself a very beautiful object in a landscape, and characterises the whole scene. (To be Continued.) 