POETRY. THE WANDERER. (Supposed to be written by a Native of Van Die- men's Land.) Sweet nature smil'd on hill and lea, Sweet sung the birds on bough and tree, And all was gay around; Refreshing dews, and vernal showers, With verdant green, and fragrant flowers Had carpeted the ground; From Wellington's high frowning brow That nods defiance to the storm, The sun had chased away the snow That yearly shrouds its giant form. A weary wanderer lost his way Upon that mountain, bleak and grey Long, long he strove to find the plain, But all his search, alas! was vain. He found no path, excepting where The Kangaroo runs to his lair; He found no house, excepting caves That hideous yawn'd, like open graves; He shouted, and his loud halloo, Was answered by the Cockatoo, That clap'd her snowy wings, and flew Affrighted at the voice of man, The first that ever trod that ground, Unless some fell, rude robber gang That in the wild a shelter found. Such was the wilderness to view, But yet it had its beauties too; The modest vi'let fair did blow, And sweetly bloom'd the red heath bell; The daisy spread her breast of snow, And sweetly sang the gay rozell. The sun's expiring beam did tinge The mountain, with a purple fringe; And those dark rocks, so wild and stern, Were crested by the waving fern, Save some rude crag, bleak, bare, and high, That tow'ring seem'd to threat the sky, Where creature never found its way, Save eagles, and fell birds of prey. In such a place, secure from view, A robber chief might lead his crew; In such a place, might fairies dance, Or revel by the moon's pale glance; In such a place grey ghosts might meet, Clad in the mournful winding sheet; ln such a place, in days of yore, When persecution stained with gore The House of God, His Priests might pay Their vows in sweet security; In such a place, a wizard grey Might peep into futurity. And in this place the wanderer lorn Did stretch himself beneath a tree The sultry sun all day [?] borne And he was tired as [?] could be. He chaunted low his vesper song, The echo to his voice replied In chorus join'd the feather'd throng, And pleasingly the zephyrs sighed. Oh! but it was a lovely hour, Just fit for silent pondering, The weary traveller [?] power, And blest his hour of wandering. Amid her scenes [?] grand He mus'd upon his native land; Her woes drew from his [?] And wrung a dewdrop from [?] "Dear land," he said, "and can it be, "That others than the just and free "Should e'er roam o'er thy hills? "Oh! tell me, shall I ever see "The time, when, free from ills, "Thy sons shall be, when chains no more "Ring on thy billow beaten shore." Thus said, he lean'd his weary head Upon his fragrant flow'ry bed; The landscape faded from before him, And sleep her drowsy wing spread o'er him. Now o'er the patriot in his sleep, [?] cast her fairy spell, He was lead through the vallies deep, Of the dear land he lov'd so well. He wander'd o'er her mountains high, And his footsteps did brush the dew From flowers of many a varied dye, That did her verdant dells bestrew. At length he stood upon the shore, Where raging billows foam and roar-- He saw black ships ride o'er the deep; He heard the wretched exiles weep-- He saw them land--he marked their mein; The eye that seem'd to lurk for prey-- The villain's scowling look was seen Upon the face of young and grey-- They look'd as practis'd guilt, and time Had blotted out their sense of crime, Yet some there were that shunn'd the gaze Of passers by, with looks of shame; They seem'd as if their guilty days Were young, and who could blame The crimson that o'erspread their face, That told them was remains of grace. But what are those, yon jovial crowd, That stun your ears with laughter loud? Hear how lewd jests float on the gale, The horrid curse, the obscene tale! Good God! they're women, sent to bless The arms of man in Paradise! Oh! woman, woman! why dost thou Lift up thy shameless brazen brow, Undo the charms of beauties spell, And dip the tongue in flames of hell? They pass'd the dreamer, and the sneer Of pride, and the deceitful leer, The lustful eye, the wanton smile, The filthy tongue practis'd in guile, And every passion, base and vile, Was with them marching rank and file! The wand'rer could gaze no more, He turn'd from the degraded crew; He wept awhile then to the shore He look'd again—the scene was new, No more of scowling looks were there, No clang of chains grate on the ear; He now could see no face of care, No dreadful curse he now could hear! The sons of commerce bought and sold-- Their mother smil'd, and scatter'd gold-- Brown labour's children, stout and free, With willing toil turn'd up the lea-- And drew from thence, the harvest store, More precious far than Ophir's ore; He heard the shepherds 'mong the hills, Tune their wild pipes to notes of love; The hardy hunter scours the dells, And wild doves coo in ev'ry grove! And, oh! the scene was pleasing to the eye Conveying bliss unmingled with pain-- On hill and dale, on wold, on sea, and sky The wanderer gaz'd, he gaz'd and gaz'd [?] When suddenly he heard a mellow minstrel strain, Ride on the wind: as sweet as seraph's lay It rose, it sunk, it ceas'd, it swell'd again,-- King David's lyre did ne'er so sweetly play. It seem'd as if the harp of Heav'n To some skill'd Angel's hand was giv'n; It seem'd as if some spirit blest Rose to its everlasting rest, By Cherubs borne from woe and sadness Who rais'd a song of joy and gladness. The music floated on the gale, Upon the plain, on bush clad hill, And now it warbl'd in the vale, The wand'rer woke, and heard it still. He look'd around, on earth and sky, To see whence came the psalmody, But nothing could he there descry, To cause a heavenly melody; Yet still it loud and louder rung, And thus th' inspir'd musician sung: "Tasmanian isle! Tasmanian isle! Though fetters now ring on thy shore, On thy proud [?] yet shall smile, And slavery exist no more. Thy sons bound o'er the mountains blue As free as bounds the kangaroo. "Though now thou art a land of crime, And oft thy soil is drench'd in blood, Yet soon shall come the happy time, When stay'd shall be th' unhallow'd flood, When innocence her flag shall rear, And honesty the standard bear. "Though darkness hovers o'er thee now, The cheering sun will soon arise, Dispelling clouds as winter's snow, In summer from the mountain skies; And [?] shall sound from sea to sea, Rejoice! Tasmania is free! "Thy fields will ample harvests yield, Thy ships from far shall riches bring, Thy Mother Briton will thee shield, Under her safe protecting wing; Go seek thy home, then wand'rer lorn, No longer for thy country mourn." [song, Here ceas'd the viewless minstrell's mellow Yet still the heavn'ly harp did play; In air it mounted, sounding loud and strong, Till 'mong the stars it died away; The wandr'er laid him down till dawn of morn, And when the birds sung on the spray, When smiling Phœbus did the hills adorn, He found, in peace, his homeward way. And often did he wish to know Whose was the voice, from whence it came, But that is hid from all below, Till Earth and Heav'n are wrapt in flame. 