F I E L D P R E A C H I N G . TO THE EDITOR. SIR,— BY not a few has it been thought a etranpe tiling- tlint I should stand up, at diflereitl times, and in different parts of this town, and attempt to celebrate Divine Worsliiji under the open canopy of heaven. It i« nskfl,—" What reason can there be for such a mode of proceeding r " 1 deem it not foreign to my object, to solicit tlie farou-r of mwweringtiicli a question through tlte medium of your Paper. I. It is a fact, no lrs« nlivitms ttian lamentable, tliot (here are many hundreds of soul* 'in Mobxrl Town, wlia, itinug-li baptized into the Christian faith, never (or very rarely) darken the doors of those monitory building's which are regularly set apart for Christian woreliip. Tfce«e,-if what we take to be "the glorious Gospel of th« blessed God'" be not " a cunuinglv devised fable,'"—these, I say, are, in general, thoughtlesly pursuing die"' headlong way to never-ending woe. Nay, «st only destruction, but "misery, is in their ways : " " They have wo feat'ufGod before their eyes the way of peace have tiiey not known," and there it but a step between them and the " place of torment 1 ." 2\. As a Christian, I profess to «e and to brjiere this ; and, as a Minister of Christ, i stand in Uie relation of a watchman to these unhappy people. Hence, the si^ht of their danger and the sense of my duty concur, to bring me forth " into the streets and lanes of ihecily," to cry a-iili a loud voice,— " Flee from the wrath to cam*.'" Tim, I feel, is the way of the Cross ; but wliea so inticli danger, and so much duty, nreatstoke, it is no time to " reason with flesh and blood.'" 3\. "I speak thr. truth in Christ, X Ite not; my con- science, also, beareth me witness in the Holy Ghost." I expect, ere long, to meet every careless •ali'endei of ifais place, at the bar of F.tei-wal Justice. Yes : " We must all appear before the Judgment-seat at Christ!" My obli- gntious, in refeience to the awful transactions of that day, are tremendous indeed. Itear the word ofHIM whose commission I profess «o hold i—" Hear the wnrd N at my mouth, and warn (tie wicked from Hie. IVJicu I say to the wicked man,—O wicked man, thou shalt surely die 1 , if thou dust not to warn the wicked from iiis way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; BUT—his blood ulil I require at thine hand ! " Now, that I may finish my coui«e with joy, and Tlie ministry which I have received of the I.nrd Jesus—that I may be "clear from the blood of alt wen,*" are among the most powerful considerations which hare brought ine " out into the streets, to cry to the wicked man, in llie. chief places of concourse,—' Prepare to meet My God! * " 4\. But,—leaving thece obligations of sterner fluty, which proclaim, Woe to the Minister of the new -Covenant who does not all that in liim tie* to " ureach the Gospel to every creature !"—what ought t» he the "effect of the love of Christ ! If I profess mjtelf to hare tasted of lliis love— the love which constrained the Son of God to leave the court of heaven, and give himself a ransom for all men ; if I see the willingness of Christ to save every sinner tlmt will come unto him—yea, to save the whole world 4 and if I have any thing of that compassionate mind winch-was in Him— ??? it not to constrain me {will it not 'Constrain *»e ?) "t» ??? to save those which are lost,""—fort, Jto all proper ??? their God, tJieir neighbor-and their own ??? for souls—a idesire'that -every poor, blind ??? each of my influpeoe, might beJiroaght ???? of his private state, and to iaste the ?? love—list, I trdct, hfA tome bearing ????? treet) preaching of llohart. ( ???? good to misentblej penibiKc ???? have it untried. 5\. " But what good was ever effected by inch anomalotu proceedings ? " ily field(ireacl good—incalcirinhie good lias lieen wrought. Where would the Established Church It a re been, st this time, had «)ie not been roused from her isinfal slumber by the thundering sound of the Gospel -trumpet, skilfully blown by a 'Pesitr, a WiUTCFim.n,nI'letcher, and nGniM8HAW,in the open fields of Britain ? Let Sottrttgy—tlie prejudiced Soothev—that enemy of Metliodism and champion of the Church, be, iu this matter, the prophet arid the judge. Is this mere conjecture? a matter of opinion only? Then J iktmw what is not. Go to Sloorields and (0 Bristol,—to Cornwall and to Yorkshire,—to Liverpool and 1« Ireland; cross the Atlantic, and traverse North America, from the Gu.ipli pf St.Lftwrenc*. to the mouths of the .Mississippi, and from,the-city of Wasli. iRgtou to the dcptlisjfrf the we«tein country, and you will find thousands-upon, thousands—^.en, hundreds-oT thousands, united tnonr peaceful and iiappv Societies, who, with consentaneous voice, are ready to exclaim,—*' Blessed is the womb that hare, and the p>]« that gave suck," tothe meu of holy Mtil who first broke through the stale and frigid routine of clerical 'duty,' and went out 4i into the highway* and hedges," calling signers to repentance 1 .—This is ne fiction tint plain matter of fact, as indubitable as the exist, ence of the human mind. * 6\. Still, tlie question is asVeO,—I" What pnod can he done in -JJobart, by such-an out-of-the-way means ? " T the various well- directed methods which are used for the religious improvement tff my neighbours, I am noteniirely a stranger, I approve of them, «nd would help 'them •forward": ihe good J,ord -j«crea»e their -poteflcy au thousand fold !—But,.after all, it is confessed on mil linuds^ that this it the pl.tpe where SatRfrs «eat is." Mere, iniquity nhouudi, audtlie love ofmony waKetli-celfl. • Th$ relief is-fiill-of-dry l»ones," the ptullitnde is "dead in-trespasses mid in sins.'" Iu tlie mid«t of tliea^,— whose awful state would justify even the most vicionary, or the most laborious eicpenvive schemes to save tbem,—ij] -the midst «f these, I say, I.ivould appear openly, wMi the con ditions of mercy in uiy 'haiid, as a -Herald from the Prince eT feace, "praying iu«n, unto God," Who can tell, but the very nucammonniis• o (lie thing may arrest the attention of-some of e 'careless ones of our community, and indtioe itheoi to U: henr -and live?" Thote who will not come near to worship wiitfe us in the street, -or 4l>e«pen nrea, will -hear of the novel, disinterested, eroK- beemig attempt, to awaken tinners to a sense of their duty and danger: and who can m;, 4iow fair this may aid (he reproofs of conscience, ond «tj>r up ifrom their spiritual slumbers-more -than one class -amangW us* Certain i am, that such ««ertion* iinve a considerable tendency to strengthen the hands of the feeble of Christ's Rock, •and to edify and comfort all who " truly repent and unfeignedly believe the Gospel." Zeal—ungitenckable ceal, is, doubtless, one of tlte most prominent features of carti, practical Christianity. The Christian who suffers many days to elapse, without attif.pting something new for the glory of his Master, and the happiness of live world, hoc gust ground to doubt (lie sincerity of bis profession. Amd Finally. I know not how 40 lecitgnise mysell, « n genuine follower of the Great Prophet of our profession, unless I, at certain times, quit the walls of the elegant temple, and " go forth without the. gate," benring his reproacli, and imitating hit manner of offering life untD th multitudes. He instructs me that, if £ would be his disci pic, i must take up my cross, and follow Hi«i: and Dim do I see exposed to -the elements, iucccoautty preaching-, in the -streets and in the 'highways—by tlm sea-side and in the mountains. TI'.IM did Christ-hiniself set us the pattern of preacliiugfthe Gospel:; and at lust, «s if to diim ns fart It from our retreat, we see liiiu, wlit'c yieldiug liinnelf a Sacrifice for our sin«, preaching with his dying breath on the open Hill of Calvary, a spectacle to the congregated insulting mbble! " Cod forbid fhat i should glory., jar in the cross o f our Lord Jesus Cftrist, by whom the ii crucified unio me, ami J unle the world 1'" I sm, SIR, your's &t;\, B. CAHVOSSO. llohart Town, October 28, 1828. 