TERRA INCOGNITA. (Concluded.) As the evening was last closing in, when our brier chase was over, we sought a convenient place to pass the night in, and fortunately found, in a small valley, by a pond of wa- ter, a deserted native camp, which we soon broke up, and from the dews of the night. The huts the natives make when overtaken by wet weather, are formed of a single piece of stringy bark, about six feet in length, and perhaps two feet wide. This is bent in the middle, and the two ends be- ing brought to the ground, and fastened with little stakes, an isosceles triangle is made, into which one individual coils himself. With six or eight of these huts, we made a semi- circular one, open in front; and there made a good fire of dry limbs of trees, for which we had not to seek far. The fire we got by burning priming on a piece of wadding. I was too much of a boy not to enjoy all this highly; but, after we had taken our supper, and the party were all asleep but myself and one of the men, who had the first watch, and sat quietly smoking his pipe at the end of the fire, I could hear troops of native dogs (a species of wolf) howling dismally as they prowled the neighbouring scrub— and the wild cattle in the distance, not lowing, but roaring through the woods; the hooting of the owl, and the twitter- ing ghost- like shriek of the oppossom; all these things, with the novelty of the situation, excited me to such a degree that I cried, and heartily wished for morning. I thought, too, of our poor little kangaroo, so rudely weaned, and imprisoned in a coarse, sack, instead of being nestled at its parent's breast. As I remember it now, our group made a fine painter's subject—a rude hut, in the midst of a thick forest, open in front to a fire, and made of the limbs of trees, and occupying the foreground, behind which, in the centre of the hut, was my companion, a handsome sun-burnt youth of sixteen, wrapped in a boat- cloak, reclining on his arm, bareheaded, and sleeping soundly; close to him I lay in a somewhat si- milar attitude, but wide awake, listening anxiously to every sound, and fancying all sorts of horrors, as I looked on the black masses of foliage before us, on the edges of which, a red flickering light fell from our fire;—two of the men lay in on end of the hut with their feet to the fire, and their heads elevated by a log of wood which served them for a bolster, and the third, as I have said, sat on the ground smoking his pipe, or walked backwards and forwards before the hut. All three had been convicted of some notorious crimes, and pro- bably they had all been under sentence of death; by my friend lay his fowling-piece, and a musket stood within reach of the man who kept watch, and the dogs were stretched at length on the ground before the fire, or sat crouched (as grey hounds do), looking at the fire, and pricking up their ears at the rustling of the trees, or the leap of the fish in the neigh- bouring pond, though they needed not (after the first half- hour) the howling of their canine brotherhood, nor the broken winded bellowings of a conquered bull, a beast that had assaulted us in the course of the afternoon, savage from recent defeat, and only went off on receiving a charge of slugs, which the man who was carrying the musket fired at him; the next morning we saw him again, but another twenty-four hours would have made him food for the dogs. The native dog of New South Wales is, I believe, indigen- ous; yet its dissimilarity to any other animal found in the island would argue, that it must have been left there by some of the early navigators, though I am not aware that it does, or does not, resemble any of the species in the northern he- misphere, whence, in that case, it was most likely taken. I have seen them as large as a good mastiff—they are shaggy- haired, and of the colour of a wolf; they do not bark, but their nocturnal howlings are dismal; and, from the sound, they appear to be gregarious; but I never saw more, than one at a time. I never knew all instance of their attacking a man, even in self-defence; but in a sheep-fold they make terrible havoc. I have known fifty or sixty sheep to be killed in a night by one dog: and to guard against them, every large proprietor has his flocks folded in a cluster at night, and employs a man to keep watch. Young calves have been killed, and the poultry yard robbed by the same thievish vermin. The natives, though fond of dogs, being now almost always accompanied by a troop of yelping cur's, of European breed, do not appear to have ever sought the companionship of the wolfish beasts that infest their forests; and attempts have been make at taming, by rearing them from puppies, have only proved, that they want all the noble qualities of the dog, and possess not the daring prowess of the wolf. Our men regularly relieved each other through the night (than which I do not remember a longer) and if I happened to doze from excesive fatigue, the words they would exchange, whilst rousing each other, would startle me to inquire how time went. At length the morning dawned, and the wild beasts (not lions, tigers, and the like, for there are none) and birds of the night skulked in silence, and I fell asleep. They did not arouse me till the camp kettle was singing to break- fast, and a more beautiful morning never shone from the hea- vens than that on which I awoke, with air as pure as ever man breathed, on my lungs, to see the sun rising from be- hind a long range of hills in the distance, and lighting a primeval scene of such chaste and natural beauty, as can never be met with in the old world. The Alps and Appe- nines I have traversed—have seen the vine-clad hills of France— the chesnut forests, the trelised plains, and the irised cascades of Italy—the volcanic majesty, and the teeming vallies of Sicily--and the park scenes of my beautiful na- tive land; but have never seen anything that surpasses in beauty the scene that met my eyes, when I awoke, in a glen of the forest, on the Cow- pastures of New South Wales. According to custom, in such cases, our horse had been hobbled and turned loose to feed; he had not wandered so far during the night, but one of the men found and brought him back in the course of half an- hour. Our bag- gage was soon mounted, and we started to complete our sur- vey of the country on the other side of the river. As we ascended the hill that bounded the valley in which we had slept, we saw a small lot of the wild cattle coming at a brisk trot along the summit, to descend, by the track we were on, to the pond to drink, They were in a line, and ran so blindly, that they had approached to within a few yards of us before they saw us—in a few seconds they were out of ?????—the second in the file noticed us before the leader, and pointed his attention to the stranger group, by a tremen- dous butt on the haunch—instantaneously they turned and went off at full gallop, in the same order in which they had advanced—they were seven fine young bulls. The next thing that attracted our attention was a family of kangaroos grazing on a plain before us; one of them was the largest animal of the kind I ever saw. Unfortunately there was a brush close behind them, into which they made good their retreat, before the dogs could come up, and they, too lay wide when we discovered them. The kangaroo dog is a fine, strong, and swift animal—a cross, I should think, between the stag-hound and grey- hound. It is not so large as the former, nor so small as the latter, and seems to partake of both, in shape and qualities. At fair running it is too fleet for the game to give much sport; but in a country so much wooded, the latter has too many chances of finding covert for a slower dog to be preferred. When the kangaroo is hard pressed, it will take to the water if a pond be in its course, and the dogs never dare follow without a fair chance of being drowned, as it then stands at bay, and sinking up with its hind legs at the throat of the dog, hooks the sharp and strong middle toe into the skin on the chest, and rips it off, or pulls him under water. If over- taken on land, the kangaroo will fight desperately in the same way; indeed, I do not remember ever to have seen a dog that had killed a kangaroo, but its chest was scanned all over; the wounds are generally all received in the first en- gagement, for, after a dog has brought his experience at so high a price as a good kangaroo makes him pay, he will fight more warily; I have seen a young dog with the skin of his chest hanging down over his fore legs take on an apron. In In the early times of the settlement, when it is not allowed to slaughter cattle and sheep, the kangaroo was killed for his carcases, and, and, in later times, it has been murdered for its hide by men who made a trade of it ; that is done, I be- lieve, to the present day in Van Diemen's Land, but in New South Wales they are not sufficiently plentiful to make it answer, so that, perhaps, the greatest number killed now is or sport; many, however, are shot ; yet they cannot last long; and as soon as the country gets a little more open, it will be necessary to introduce deer and hares, or there will be no game at all. I refer more particularly to the county of Cumberland, which contains the real population of the colony. There are a few red deer now in the country, near Sydney, but they are claimed as private property. Among sportsmen, the fore-quarters and entrails of the kangaroo are the perquisites of the dogs; the loins, haunches, and tail, are eaten ; as the kangaroo never secretes fat , its flesh is rather too lean to roast, but for a pasty it is excellent ; the tail is fully equal to ox-tail for making soup. While I am on the subject, I may add, that, besides the kangaroo, there is no other indigenous animal fit for hunting. The number of birds, too, worth shooting is very small—the emu may be either shot or coursed, but it is seldom found east of the blue mountains now ;-wild pigeons may be had ; they are very fond of the apple- tree, and may be more fre- quently found in it than in any-other; these, with teal, and wild ducks, which are found in large quantities on the lagunes, near the Hawkesbury, comprise almost all the edible game the country affords; except snipes, which are tolerably plentiful. Young cockatoos are as good as young rooks, but are much harder to get at, the old birds build so confound- edly high. The buys and rivers counseled with the sea, are well stocked with a great variety of fish, not generally known here, but the ponds and creeks, inland, boast of hardly anything but perch (frequently, however, very fine) and eels. The banks of the Cowpasture river are high, and very steep ; in some parts the whole bed is occupied by water to the depth of eight or ten feet; and the current is slow ; the ponds thus formed are frequently clogged up with branches and trunks of trees, which have fallen in from time to time, and sometimes one will be sufficient length to reach from bank to bank; and form a perfect bridge ; through the greatest part, however, the river does not occupy more than one-half the width between the banks, and is seldom deeper than to a horse's knees; the same obstructions, of course, are occasioned by the falling of trees, as in the deeper parts. The banks of the river are composed of light rich loain and sand ; and are covered with a sort of wild vetch, that has a very disagreeable smell, but of which horses are very fond—brambles, nettles vines, and a variety of underwood are interspersed; and form an almost impenetrable thicket for some distance on both sides. During the spring and autumnal rains, the river in that part, as well as lower down, overflows its banks, and tends to fructify the soil within its reach ; the banks them- selves are so rich, that I have known water-mellon-seeds to be merely put into the ground on them, with the finger, without any previous preparation, and left to run riot, as nature might direct, and in the proper season to produce the most delicious fruit. The water-melon cannot be appreci- ated in this country; but in the climates that produce it nothing can be more grateful ; I have eaten water-melons in Italy from the ice-tub, but not with the same gusto as when I have plucked them fresh and cool from the vine, in the Indian corn fields in New South Wales, Just as I now walk into a pastrycook's, in June and July, to eat ices, I there, in December and January, adjourned to the garden, or to a field of Indian corn (among which they are frequently planted) when it waved above my head almost to the exclusion of the sun's rays; and, sitting down on a dry stem, discussed a wa- ter-melon larger than my head. Rock and musk melons also grow to perfection there, but their firm pulp is not so grateful to the parched palate, as the crisp and melting mass of the water- melon, that flows down the throat in an edible stream. The cant among people here, is to disparage the climate of this country, and cry up that of France and Italy. In New South Wales, where the climate parallels the finest in Europe, the poor expatriated souls cry out for the less fervid sun, and moister atmosphere of England ; love of the coun- try they may never see again, and filial affection for their father-land, effectually stifle all attempts at comparison that or anything else, except to all the advantage of "home." I have experienced enough of almost every variety of cli- mate, to know that every one has its proportioned advan- tages ; and that if a parallel were drawn, an unprejudiced man would be at a loss which to choose. Having men- tioned the term home, as used in an emphatic sense, it may not be amiss to say, that hardly any other is ever used throughout the Colony for England, than that ; such an one has been home, or is going home. The children born in the country use the same term ; indeed it is universal ; and, in its strongest sense, home always means England. On our return to Cabramatta, we found that the gathering had taken place, and that the deputy surveyor-general, who was of the party, had appointed the next day for measuring. As the distances to be traversed were not great, and the wea- ther was very fine, I was thought man enough to accompany the expedition ; but woeful for me was the mistake ! I vowed before the day was over, that I would not follow the surveyor again, for the largest farm the Governor could give. A dispute arose between my father and the gentleman whose farm was to come next to his, about a hill,which should have it ; by running the chain straight from the creek, and parallel to the high road (or what was intended to be the high road) it came within my father's boundary, and by running a semi-circumferential line, it tell to the lot of his neighbour. The case was too clear to remain long unde- cided ; however, the delay it occasioned was a respite for me (we had already measured one farm, three mile off,) and as they debated the point, I lay down on the grass, on the summit of the subject of dispute, and admired the beauty of the scenery about me. It was a noble forest. Almost every variety of the finest timber the country produces stood interspersed ; a good sprinkling of the wild apple-tree marked the quality of the ground, and the shrubby cherry-tree, the fruit, of which grows at one end of, instead of around, the stone, added to the picturesque effect. The level ground that came between the hill and the creek, was covered, with, the verdant oak, which grows there still, though the forest above has fallen under the blows of the woodman's axe, and, the fire has consumed it. It was our evening amusement afterwards, when we went to the farm at holiday time, to make fires at the roots of the stateliest trees, and with hatchets to wound their trunks, that our auxiliary might the better worm its ways ; and great was our joy when a creaking noise gave warning that our exertions were about to be rewarded, and loud were our huzzas when a tree fell, which it would with a thundering crash that night he heard for miles. There is an art to felling timber when the intent is to destroy as much as possible— greater, perhaps, than when the intention is to throw a tree down without injuring it or any other. A skillful feller singles out the largest and heaviest tree to assist him in his operations; he notices the inclination it may have to fall one way rather than another, but if it be not more than half its diameter out of the perpendicular, he can make it fall which way he pleases, and so exactly, that he will take a number of others in a line with it, and cutting them half through on the side from the master tree, he, at lengths, cuts that one somewhat more than half-way through on the side he wishes it to fall, and then with a small notch on the back it falls headlong, and strikes down in its course those which have been prepared, and at which it has been directed. As the only object is to get the trees off the ground, and as cutting low would materially add to the labour of felling, without any benefit resulting, they are cut at about four feet from the surface, or breast high, so that the stumps remain for years after the ground has been converted into cora-fields, gardens, and orchards, and are only removed in the event of the proprietor becoming rich enough (the stumps still remain on my father's farm, and particular enough to have them burnt out. When the trees have been felled, they are cross-cut into convenient lengths, and the logs are rolled together in heaps and ignited. Such bonfires never were made at the burning of heretics, or for the commemoration of a victory, as I have seen in the wilds of Australia. I can hardly imagine what must be the sensations of a stranger, travelling there for the first time by night, and coming sud- denly upon an opening of two or three hundred acres, in the forest by which his road has been flanked, covered with hills of fire-not flame; for the wood being green does not blaze, but consumes with a white heat A lurid glare falls on every thing around him ; and it it be summer, the heat of the air is increased almost to suffocation. The rustling of the long grass that he hears is not occasioned by wind, but by the lizards and guanas, rushing from the ruin of their homes. It is not an endless black cord drawn across the path that he sees, but deadly serpents hurrying from the nests that are made too hot for them. The fish feel the heat in the neigh- bouring creek, but the plashing is not made by them ; the retreating shoals of reptiles take to the water, and go hissing through it like so many salamanders. These things came to me in detail, and not in the gross : I had been a party to minor exhibitions of the kind,before I had occasion to travel much by night in the new parts of the country. I remember an industrious fellow, a government servant to Mr. H-----, who kept three or four different operations go- ing at the same time. His duty was to break up with the hoe a certain quantity of the ground every day ; but he contrived, while he was doing that, to fell, cut up; and burn off timber, for which he was paid by the acre. His govern- ment work he could do, perhaps, in seven or eight hours ; but, stopping every half hour, and tending the fires he had at work, felling &c.;, in twelve hours he could do his exacted task, and earn the wages of a free man besides. By proper management, he could make fire eat into the trunk 5. a tree, and throw it down in a very short time. When down, he placed dry sticks on fire, in notches, at certain distances, and so fairly cut the trunk into lengths. After his day's work was done, just for amusement, he rolled the logs into heaps; by the help of handspikes, and putting fore to them, kept it alive night and day, till they were all con- sumed. There is a great variety of snakes in New South Wales ; the largest of which, the black snake, seldom exceeds nine or ten feet in length, and indeed is not so long as that. All are deadly poisonous ; but it is not often that accidents occur from them, and when the do, it is generally to the poor men who are employed at felling and burning off, and to the carters of wood into towns for fuel. Sometimes, indeed, a snake has quietly emerged from a log of wood after it had been laid on a kitchen fire ; and they have been found com- fortably coiled up in a bed ; but still accidents from them are infrequent. When the dispute about the hill was decided, off went the surveyor as fast as he could run; and off we all went after him. Strangely it puzzled me to know how it was, that a little fat man could run so much faster than any body else Few, men were better known throughout the colony than Jemmy M—- ; but he is almost forgotten now— for the generation of those who had their farms measured by him is passing fast away; and another has already sprung up of those who know not Jemmy. The places, though they change as fast as the scenes of a pantomime, do not change so fast as the persons who occupy them. I hardly remem- ber one of any standing in the colony, whose head is not among the clods of the valley. Old Macgregor; the sexton at Sydney, whose name I at one time thought synonimous with that of his office, is fixed at last where I have so often seen him. The old man who tolled the bell on the green before the church at Parramatta, has been indebted to ano- ther for sounding his knell—from the grave-digger to the governor, all are changed. My earliest friends and play- fellows—where are they ? Some are already patriarchs, and some are gone to the silent tomb. He who first taught me the sports of the Australian forest—with whom I have wan- dered through them by night and by day-who was to me as an elder brother, and with whom I took sweet counsel- with whom, indeed, I made the bush ranging-excursion re- ferred to in these pages--a blight fell on his youth; and he is now, in the prime of life, with a broken constitution ;— he who could " turn and wind a fiery Pegasus,'' is now too weak to bestride even a lady's palfrey ! I have never attended a farm measuring since ; that day so completely tired me, that I afterwards avoided every oc- casion of the kind. Even the measuring of my own. " Sabine farm " (though very many years after), was not a sufficient temptation to me " renovare dolorem." W______G. 