Funeral Sermon preached by SAM QUACO, a black Clergyman, a native of Jamaica. A man dat born ob a woman hab but short time to lib, he trubble ebery day too much ; he grow up like plantin, he cut down like bannana. Pose de man do good, he get good ; pose de man do bad, he get bad. Pose he do good, he go to da place call him Glolio, where Goramity tan upon a top, and Deb- bel on a bottom ; pose he do bad, he go to da place call him Hell, ware he must burn like pepper-pod ; he call for drink a wara for cool him dam long. Tan Breren,you sabbee one man, dey call he Sampson, he kill tenty tousand Fillestans wid de jawhone de jackmorrras ; Tan you sabbee tara man, dey call he Jonas, he swallow whale, he muggin hell ob a fellow for fish ; and tara a man he call King George, he lib tara side wara, he hab ting on he head, call bim crown, grand ting, all same cum basket ; so Breren, Goramity bless you all. Amen. Blackwood's Magazine for March last contains a criticism on Leigh Hunt's work on Lord Byron. Hunt's work was not worth reading, and this review of it is still less worthy of notice, being an abortive attempt at humour by virtue of vulgarity, and yet it is the best article in the publication. The point of the writer turns on a charge against Mr. Hunt of wearing yellow breeches. Modern improvements go on in all mechanical pursuits except those of book making, the art of which is last declining, especially among the northern lights of Edinburgh. The Monthly Magazine for the same month is dull with the exception of a German story, mid an histori- cal dissertation on beards by an Emeritus professor of shaving, which are humourous enough. The New Monthly Magazine contains a whig ana- lysis of the late rupture, and reconciliation of Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Herries. There are also some more etitcdotes of the beef steak club, but the whole forms a mixture that V'd unprintable. The Loudon M a;;¡ci ne is a better miscellany, and consists for Match chiefly of renews. That of Ir ving's. Coloinbus justly pronounces tliat writer to abound in citpressiiin, b'ul deficient of iden. The Monthly Review is the only gubliculion of the d,ay destiving- the name of a icricw of books Mont- gomery lias,i {¡oo J article on the omnipresence of the Deity, and Lord Col-ingwood's coirespondence is good. The Dublin and London Magasine is a lory work, conducted with no sundi tihilhy. The monthly work cnl'ed " Popu'ar annals «if meful knowlerige," is a lespectabie medley of useful Ih'tigs, of science, criticism, anti anecdotes. Mr. L'uckinghani'a Oriental Herald always wanted general mieicst. It Ins a clever article ou toe cen- sorship of die prca1. Sir Gregory Page Turner, who-has for a long time been under the care of a committee of lunacy, nmde his escape flow his attendants in Match last, nnd has «ot since been h tra rd of. The Duke of Biieelct'gli has married Miss Sheridan daughter of Tom Sheiidnn, and grand-daughter of Richard Brinsley. The Duke has afortune of2000Ö0 puunds a year. The new lonç room at the Custom-house, the foun- dation of which gave way about three years ago, was opened for public business on the 3d of Alai di. It is 186 feet long by CO wide. From cornel statistical facts, Mr. Peel clearly shews, that |he (fleet ol' assembling large^bodies of people together is to increase the niimber*öf offences against properly, while it diminishes the number o.f those oil'eied io the person. , The population of London is now a million and a I half; that of Paris 000,003. | Mr. Juseph Hume is ehcted rector of Marisohal College, Aberdeen. What strides in the mareil of j intellect must we not antic'palc from this appoint- , nient! We bitterly disapprove of places of learning being directed by any but tem ned mon. , Sir Waller Scott has just published anew novel called Sr. Vn'entine's day, or the fair maid of Perth. | Mr. Huskisson stated in the House of Commons, on the nth of Maieh, Ulallie lind not received any olh'cial information of the suspension of Judge Court- ney S until from the discharge of his functions in India in consequence ol'having expressed an opinion as lo the rinewal of the Company's Charter. Death of Colo veas.-Willi all the visionary fervtiur^of his imagination, its fondest dicams fell allott of the reality. He died in ignorance of the real grandeur of his discovery. Until his last breath lie entertained the idea that be bad merely opened a new way lo the old resorts of opulent commeioe, and had discovered some of the wild regions of the east. He supposed -Hispuniola lo be the ancient Ophir which had buen visited by the ships of Solo- mon, and (lint Cuba and Ten a Firma were bul remote parts of Asia. What visions of glory would have broke upon his mind could he have known that he had indeed discovered a new continent, equal lo the Old World in magnitude, and sapaiated by two vast oceans from Ml liie earth hitherto known by civilized man? And how wnulù ibis magnanimous spirit have been coiisolcdamidst the nftHotion of ugc& the cares of penury,Uhc neglect of a_fickle'public,and the injustice of an tingiateful King, could he have anlicipated the splendid empires which ho had spread over the beau- tiful woild he had discovered ; and the nations and tongues, and languages whicli were to fill its lands with its renown, and lo reveie and bless his name to the latest posterity.' IVash'uglon Iroing's L¡fe of Colunibus. Winced Bacs.-A great number of the inhabi- tants of London, and other large English cities, have reason to be thankful thti (tie bugs of their country ' are not gifted willi uln^liLe those of India; lhere would be no e-caping t'iom them if they were. A ?warm of bugs going buzzipg through the air would be far more terrible than a swarm of locusts : .. One of the greatest plagues we have as yet met with in Ibis journey is ibat of the winged bugs. In shape, size, and scent, with the additional faculty of flying, they resemble the * grabbalic genus' too well known ia England. The night of our lying off the Raja's palace, they came out like the ghosts of lib ancestors, armies, in hundreds and thousands, from every bush and every heap of ruins, and so filled our cabins as to make them barely endurable. These unhappy animals cronded round our ('candles in such .warms, some just burning their feet and wings on the edge of the glass shade, and (bus toppling over; others, more bold, Hying light into the crater, and meeting their deaths there, 'hat we really paid no attention to what was ncM day a ghastly spectacle, the mighty army which had settled on the wet paint of the ceiling, and remained there black and stinking, till Ihe ants devoured them. These last swarm in my pinnace ; they have eaten up no inconsiderable por- tion of provisions, and have taken, I trust to their benefit, a whole box of blue pills ; but as they do their best to clear it of all other vermin, I cannot but look on them with some degree of favour.'' Bishop Heber'* Journal of a JW in India. / y .O s: 