"MONTGOMERYSHIRE GHOST. u iuufiepiiily horrible of that deicriptioii, J* iii« Muntgomerysbire s* host, which haï *¡ ii« iii an authentic «haue. .Since the da» « (or more properly «peaking, night«,) i «f the "Cock Un* ghoit," or the u Haiiunirsiiiiih . jrhnHl,*' or any .other ghost m the annal« of patt " ghmtolnsry," we l<ave never heard noy ihiitir «o . in, a« lue «tory of Iim jail reached ihape, To a town not far fron^LlADfyllin, in Montgomery- shire, ? supervisor of excise* named 1 horn ti, wu« ordered, -«ailie week* hack, lu occapy the district of another -suptrrisnr, who had been shifted lo another .latHiii, nins usual with the «errants of th« excite .department; and having a wife and children, be pro. eeithsrl-on first, in order to «elect a suitabl« bon«« for In« family. Ile had «ever bren ni Wale« before, mid Ciinssqiieully, he met willi immy inconvenience». I he only house ««cant, wa« a ¡urge old mausioii, which «rood in decav at the foot of a mountain , and to tin« the supervisor wa« directed, a* the only lui hi ia 11< place that «sas not occupied, On the first vie«« of so Urge a house, all notion of beconnn; ii tenant wa« abandoned; but as the place had a inyslerioui cu- riosity obotit it, the mausioii being lar^r, ihe garlen being ohoaked «Vith weeda, the sleps leading to the doors mots grown, several of the ««ludbw« being bio ken, and the ««hole having an air of grandeur ni neglect, he wa« prompted tu make enquiñe«, and an old man, to whom he waa n ferret] n* being llie only owner .« dooga« any neighbour could remember, instantly offered todel linn the mansion airtbe «muli rent off) a year. Hie supervisor did not want so ílarge u house; fuit as he wished to send lur his family, mid hud been obi gtd to put up with lodgiig« ut n trifling ahuhoiue, he thought it «tas worth while to gu ovtrtbe «whole pdf. and ascertain whe- ther a few rooms coilld not'be titled up comfortably for his accommodation, while in discharge ot In« dut) there. The low ness of the raitt of course operated i» hu udditionil inducement, und having fixed upon tour or five rooms up stairs, he stiuek the barn oin, got iii a few lillie tilings until his wife should arrive «sith all the domestic iquipmenls of a font ii», mid forthwith wrote, ,ff for her. Hie fir« night of Ins «ojttii ruinent be lighted a fire to dispel the dampness, mid having taken his cup of grog, he lar dot» n ii nil comiedan excellent night'« rest. "On Ins rising in llie ni irning, lu« tirst visit wns to a I arter'« shop ni the town iu order to get shaven), and there several peuons inquirid most earnestly hov» he slip', mid «then be declared that he<-hbd never enjoyed a better nighl*« rest in, ht» life, etery one seemid amuzed Ihe mvstiry was iww -dispelle'd, and Ins e«e« »»en opened by beiuj niforiuid the "Tea Gwynn, or White lluiise,'1 as the mansión was culled, had been haunted far fifty yean baiic. The supervisor laughed it* ihl« notion, and avowed lu« utter disbelief iii ghosts. If ever lie bud experienced a little lickiikhness in hi» nerve«, the professional «htewduess usually'charoo tensile of lu« calling, raised a kunine thal lit»« same lonely house migii| he a very snug np I fur wo»Vlug,-nu illicit still, mid, accordui"lv, lie tleler mifi»c\ tusl in be driven out of his new Imbi lal inn mini be »»»ce Tinuied the fact. He spent the tr renter pint of the i\t»«j ni rupiinagmg the vaults, and every hiding place, but without discovering uny thin,' lo continu Ins suspicious As mi. ht advanced, he line» «ii extia log a«« the h re, and having borrowed a chair iii Ide to»«n,\»e sal himself down before ii, ate his breud mid Liiei «e, ond sipped Ins cup amidst va ii us nullum turn«. At one time be thought lu« situation rather dangerous-in the event of Ins suspicions bein); true, time ««»« no assistance et hand. He might have his throat cut from ear to ear, and his body Iii o««u min a lab, vvbilo Ins wife aim nundy would' be nom tlie «vistr. Fe-irsoftbe li vine/, nu re tbuu the dead, flittid in sudden flashes linross hs binni, und ni leny iii he lesoivfd, <n tuse be beard any thing going mi, in re nunn ns quiet as possible., and st ml all llie mf ruinli in be cou'd to the bends of Ins department Ile cou lil see by his watch that it was nearly 12 o'clock; but " Nature's fond nurse" had forsaken him, and he felt no inclination to sleep. *. *Twa«, as the ««ntcluiien snv, n c1 uidy nu lit, Nu mo ni, no «mrs-tlie wind wa« low, or loud Bv gust«, mid while his sparlrline, hen rib wus blight With thepil'd wood lie nuss'dhi» fnnuiy crowd." On a sudden he li'ard fmtsleps on die stan case, and lu ft li or lh< tight lie ft It Ins bair lift Ins lui involun- tarily, at lia«! an inch off lu« forehead. Hi« heart fluttered, the |i>"» did not seem ki blitge so bright ; he listened noxiously, bul be lutird nothing, -tflei oludiiij, Ins (moy fur frightening bim, be Uimteied coulage enough lo cpeu the door, winch li' left ni thal «late, and then betook Itiina. If |u Ins couch, nttei . paral) lic-snrt of a poke at the h re. Source I ad ihe first duzc rttaxed lils lunhs when he wns awakened by «strange cluttering on the staircase, us if len thou, «and imp« were ascending to lu« room,! lu Iii« panic of the moment be jumped up, rushed to ti e landing place, where he dislipclly heard the «aid mips duller down the broad staircase agnin, making faint shrieking erie«, ««hieb died away »nth the »oulids of their foo . step« a« they seemed io gain the vaults beueuih the house. It was now manifest that lhere wire other bring tenants m his tenement beside« himself, and the remainder of that sleepless night was spent m gloomy tonjiclure«. Willi pnitiful anxiety did lie watch the prrey ni ming brinkuig m be east ; mid when tlii- ti iv b nst f rth I e (Oinii e ictd a most sïrtl tamzing search every where« ' Nothing, hotvtser, \»n« lo be discovered, no1 even u footstep o l tin staircase, and he could Jure «¿worn ihui he really did hear ins disturbéis nsreiid toward« lu* room dud thru depart. On'his vi«u tollte totvti that morning, the prenons day'« enquiries were repealed , but be stre- nuously denied having beru disturbed, for year he should be thought a coward. Towards the next evening, he determined to a Certain whether any .bing really, did ascend the «Muríase, or whether it wa« mere lancy; and for tin* purpose, he spread a thick coat of «mid on every step, iniagi nine;, shrewdly iPnongh, thal if his torsurn'ors were really substan- tial, they ni mt, leave some tracks bein ml tin ni Hie next nnrlit was aecnmpnnied by Hie same extraordi. nary muses \ bul the supervisor had provided himself willi pistols, and being doubly unwed with a lamp also, he pioceeded down stairs as fust as he could. The imps, however, were loo nimble for linn, aud he could uni even gel st glimpse of mein. A cuni did he search iii ettery hole and corner, disturbing the pupr spiders willi the lil^-XP i f Ins lump; alni hulling ins soruliuy iii vam, he was retracing Ins steps, when he recollected the «uud, which, in bis fernbed des»nt,' he hud forgotten; when, lo! and behold i he per. eel red «onie, five ur «ix hundred cloven tracks ! They were loo «niall for uld devil», and much loo large for val«, ami ihetefure concluded they must be super, natara! being« of «oine «uri. Tile mutter now Mourned rather a serious asuect, aud he determined to n rue to hu wife, forbidding her arrival ' until «li« heard further from bim. Aliihe day loug hi« brum was racked with conjectures as lo the specie« of creature that could have disturbed lu« quiet Fifty tune« did l< conclude thal li wa« perbaps a trick, and us often «lid he abandon that notion a« improbable, but then he co« Id not account fur no1 being able to -see ibé author« of the trucks, and forthwith resolved on an. other project. Ile bud given up every idea that rats could have made «itch a n ise, or trucks so large, bul he determined to try if a few ral.Imps could suire li e mystery. Accordingly, die procured «/x, winch were nil Hut he could gel., and on the fourth night carefully set them ni a row nu one of tim steps Of the staircase ; su thal if the devil« ascended 11 a coln mu he was sure of catching at denst eue bf iheui a« a curiosity. Still hi euu|d not «bandon hi« pistol« or Ins lump, hut determined to be ou guard all night About the mystic hour of twelve, ha again beard the devils jumping fir buppiag, a« it seemed,'up stairs, and while he cocked one of the pistol« he heard a trap go off, theu another, succeeded by ! appalling «briek« und the «aine cluttering nmte down «tnira again, ile proceeded lo ifië »pot, and there lo Id« ii finite asto- nishment lie found, nota devil,1 not un imp, nor any Hung supernatural, but three fine fat rabbitt, caught by Ihe leg* m the (raps The simple fact «tots, that Ihe inhabitants of an adjoining rublnt warren u«ed to make their way dp through the sewers'mtb the de. serted intiioioti ; and their gumhill« through the empjy rnomsflfsl gave rise lo the story of the " Tee Is wy nn" being haunted It is net-ill »« to add, that Air. Thomas fnrtlnVilb sent -for his liilmrv, aird they now enjov a house oTrtf as »any rabbit« a« ttheji «au eat fur five pun ifdi a jeer. m ¡ / I 'm I I 1 I Magnetic Bfpulsion-A very remarkable fe- rait bas been obtained by M Becquerel, from the u*e of an extreiBfly delicate magnetic nrrangemeht, which be ha* tot* th* present called a Stderotcope - Hu uae u exactly the Minc in brinciple a» that of the magnetic aeecUefapdicating iron, for instance, by'the attractiontmanifested; but it » so delicate that it will show it in the most minute quantity possible", as ««for instante, in gold, lilver, or copper moneys Innu-' merable minertlM, fcc Thi* ¡Wrumeut «how« no magnetic power, or attraction in gold, silvery copper, palladium^ tin, I ead 4 zinc, or brass, when chemically pure, and a great rainy vegetable and mineral aub «tances bave no action on it; but the most conçu« result is, that Very pure bismuth, mud even that of commerce, bos a repulsive power, which if it be found ultimately tu be independent of anv magnetic pu slanty, 1« the first faxt of the kimi that hi.» been made, . ¡known. Antimony also presents the saine pheno roeiion. 