ENGLISH MISCELLANIES. Mr. Lamb, the English Ambassador, is reported to have obtained permission to leave Madrid for England. An attempt is said to have been made to persuade the King to re-establish the Inquisition, but it had com- pletely failed. A letter from Paris states, that the whole of Catalonia, with the exception of Barcelona, is in possession of the rebels; they also make rapid progress in Valencia. GIPSY WEDDING—On Monday last were married, at St. Luke's Norwood, Mr. William Sharpe, of Willow cottage, to Miss Nancy Cooper, the celebrated beautiful Gipsy of Hope-cottage, by licence. The happy pair, in an open carriage, drawn by four Arabians, were accom- panied to church by a numerous assembly of the fraternity of which they are members. The ceremony over, they retired (chaunting the Epithalamium) to the Old Gipsy- house, where they were most sumptuously regaled upon the occasion. If the entertainment, the liberal gratuities to the officiating parties, the splendid habiliments of the nut-brown lass (white satin, lace, &c.;,) and the bridal favours displayed by the numerous group in the shape of white gloves and ribbands, may be taken as earnest of the dower the bride is said to have received, it must pertain to something considerable. So merry a day has not been passed among the sect, since they quitted the land of their fathers. THE Newark Eagle says, that "the remains of a large Mammoth have been found near Hackettstown, it this State, by the workmen employed in excavating the Morris Canal. A gentleman of this town, who ex- amined them a few days since, informs us, that the tusk which is six feet in length, weighs 150lbs., and is 23 inches in circumference. The grinders are perfectly sound; one of them, which was separated from the jaw bone, was found to weigh four pounds. It is estimated by scientifical gentlemen, that the animal must have been at least eighteen feet high. The whole of the skeleton has not yet been found, but the contractor of that section of the canal as continuing his researches for the remainder. It hes been purchased for 250 dol- by Mr. Bowne, of 'Bellmont Hall,' Schooley's Moun- tain, who intends shortly to send it to Europe. A farmer of the name of Patrick Fitzgerald, residing near the Curragh of Kildare, Ireland, on returning from Chapel on Sunday the 10th inst., found, that during his absence a strong box had been broken open, and de- prived of its contents, amounting to nearly £500. Suspicion instantly fell on a young woman, his neice, who lived in the house, and a servant man named Michael Conlan, who had both absconded. The farmer lost no time in pursuing the fugitives to Dublin, and after a fruitless search of some days in that city, he learned from a Serjeant of Police stationed at Howth, that a couple answering the description of the fugitives had, a few days before, sailed for Liverpool. The Police Serjeant was despatched after them without loss of time, and, in an hour after his arrival in Liverpool, succeeded in finding them. The parties had proceeded to get themselves married by a Protestant Clergyman; and had changed the money of which they robbed Fitzgerald for American coin, for which country they were to sail in a few days. The police serjeant imme- diately took possession both of the money and the par- ties, and brought them back to Dublin, where the bride and bridegroom were lodged in Newgate, to take their trial for the robbery; and Fitzgerald was rejoiced at the certain prospect of having his money restored. A CORPSE REANIMATED BY THE LASH.—"During my stay at St. Petersburg," says Mr. Holman, "the following singular story was spoken of as having oc- curred at this place:—Two gentlemen had contracted a bitter and irreconcileable enmity against each other. A servant of one happening to die, was buried within twenty-four hours, after the Russian custom, when the other determined to gratify his revenge upon his adver- sary, by accusing him of the murder of this man. To give a colour to this accusation, accompanied by some of his confidential servants, he proceeded to disinter the corpse, with a view of inflicting marks of violence upon it. The body was removed from the coffin and held erect, that it might undergo a severe flogging; when, to the astonishment and dismay of the party, after a few blows had been inflicted, animation returned, and the affrighted resurrection men ran off with the ut- most precipitation. The corpse at length recovering its animation, was able to move off in its shroud, and regain his master's habitation, which it entered, to the great terror of its inhabitants. At length, the supposed ghost communicated all that he could remember of the state he had been in; which was, that his senses had not left him, notwithstanding he had felt so cold and torpid as to be incapable of speech or motion, till the blows had restored him. This led to the detection of the diabolical plan against his master's life and charac- ter." IKEY SOLOMONS.—In consequence of the arrangements made by the Magistrates of Hatton Garden, for afford- ing every facility to the numerous inquiries to be al- lowed to examine the property found in the house of Ikey Solomons, it was removed from the possession of the different officers, and placed in one of the large rooms, in the upper part of the office, on Friday, under the care of Limbrick and Edwards; and as early as ten o'clock a number of tradesmen, who had been plundered at different times, were in attendance, and between that hour and half-past twelve o'clock,.upwards of thirty individuals had access to the apartment. The property as now seen, is of the most astonishing variety, com prising tot only gold and silver watches, silks, and jewellery, but a very large quantigy'of valuable Brussels lace, pieces of woollel cloths, sjili thawls, damask table cloths, waistcoats and waistcqat pieces, and a great quantity of lace caps made up; bat not any portion of it was found on the ground-floor as described. In.the beck-roomr o' the second floor, after removing a bedstead aind a double carpeting, two planks were discoverpd, so contrived, that they could le removed at pleasure, under which the greater part of the lace, th.e whole. of tlhe watches, jewellery, and a large portion of the silk, were found. A bag of counterfeit sovereigns, amounting in gaumber to five hundred and sixtyrsix, was discovered by Jtimbrick, most artfully concerled on a sort of beam or rafter, in the lower part of the b.ilding. The adjoining house was in possession of the sanue party, and con tained a quaqtity of valuable property, which could not, at the time, te removed, in consequezce 6f 'the limited nfeans possessed ? .tr moment by thei aicei~s, and the nmmepse nutiber' of persons by which' thb premises were surronnded. A considerable porfnlo of. the lace has already been identified 'by Messrs. Goustok and Copestake, of No. 7, Cheapside, whose premises were lately robbed; and several gold rings by a pawnbroker, - named Lane, in thp neighbqurhood of Tottenham-court? road. A portion 0of the watches are spoken to sq being stolen from ·' pawnbroker's shop in the City, nq longer since than Saturday night last. S4N ILDEnON iso,-- 4pg.--12.-The court and all the foreign ministers have been here for these last ten days, and discussions are carrying on understood to be of thb first i.~tportance. This place, generally called La Granja, o s 50 miles from Madrid, and the road passes over on:e of the loftiest mountains in bpain. I'he King ~lnd Royal family go out morning and even ing regularly. Don Carlos is said to be strongly im bued with constitutional principles, and is much - more popular tlan his brother Francisco. Nothing can by more wretched than thp equipages of the royal family. The horses are complete rosinantes, and the carriages generally pre no better than dung carts in England. The palace ip a beautiful piece of architecture, but is kept in a rpost slovenly manner. All sorts of things are thrown frpm the windows and clothes are usually see'tianging out to dry the greater' part pf the day. The beauty of the gardens however cun scarcely be ex celled, and the mountains .which surround La Granja give then a Imajestic appearance. The sculptural gropps 'surpass those at Versailles, both for elegance and classic execution. One public coach only, coptain ing two passengers, come dally from Madrid. The es tablishment of Mr. jamb, the !English Ambassador, is by far the most splendid. 'T'ha Dmch Minister came in yesterday alone in the Diligence. The bishop, atttepded by his priests, is continually walking about, and the laojes anxiously follow to hiiss his saintly hand. He wears the usual long black gown, anmd his head is adorned with a narrow black hat, about three quarters of a yard long. SAN LoaENzo Ds :EscuUTaL,, Au:,. 7.-I met only two persons on the pond all the way from' Madrid hither, a distance of nearly thirty iniles. ITwp-thirds of the hopses are either unrihabit. d or falling'tii ruins. Tie rapid decrease ¶n popula ion, affords a lesson tp) the disciples of Mr. Malphims both instruct.ive and astlund ing. If these learned sophs w;sh to discos er the sc.ret of manrringe prevention, aind so forth, they had lietet' sojourn' for a season in some of the ('ecuayed tnt ns of old Spain.-Never un'til my arrival herb, did I 'lrd any appearance of olicse peculiar manners describe.l hy CerLaotes. In the evening, chairs are pt all the' doors, and while the black eyed' ntymp enjoy the e ening breeze, their lovers pedlenade thenm with the guitar, and in the streets, there are groups of datncers till midzg'1. The treasures in the church are immense, an ilmiie of San Lorenwo weighs 450 pounds in silver, and has t8 pounds of gold about it. One of the giides who shew the palace is an eccentric character, though' perfectly. blind; he describep every spot with the greatest precision, and points out the merits of' the'different j)aintings with the skill of a ponnoisseur. Times. Ta pDuke'of St. Alban's intends to commence the shoqtipg season in?'good earnest. His Grace, it is said, has otaer d fifty cannisters 6f powder, sixteen bags :of shot', ~d'twO double-harrellpd guns, with gold touch holes nd "' armorial b~a.ings, of t.e value of 200 'NoVL r. PEC1ES or Er6poerK T.-A strange elope mept tooly place a few dAys afo in Ireland. John Hely H. Grady, third son of Henry Deane Grady, Esq. of Merrionsquare, who was at school at Mr. Crawford's establishment, at Donnybrook, eloped with a Miss Helena Richards, Who is some years older than he is (about 21), and the fond pair made the best of their way to Scotland, and were united in matrimony by the successor to the 'celebrated Laing The name of this personage is Elliott, and he has subscribed a very lengthy certificate of the marriage, sealed with the King's Arms, and testifying that the parties were joined in wedlock " according to the laws of the English Church, and by the rules of the Kirk of Scotland." In the mean time a warrant was issued from the Head Police Office in Dublin, ·at the instance of the indig nant father of the young man, and the parties were arrested on their return, about 14 miles this side of Gretna, anil brought to Dublin. A private examina- tion took place and the young lady was admitted bail, herself in £.200, and two sureties in £.100 each, to answer the charge of Henry Deane Grady, Esq., at the ensuing commission. The servants were privately examined, and bail, we understand, will be also required for their appearance. Mr. H. D.Grady, we believe intends to proceed by indictment against all the parties aiding and abetting, for a conspiracy. Amongst them is the mother of Miss Richards, alias Mrs. Grady, from whom bail will also be required. Mr. Grady, jun., it is said, will be admitted in evidence against Mrs. Richards The parties on both sides are highly respectable. The young Lady, we have heard it stated, will be entitled to a fortune of £2,000. Sh e is rather interesting in ap- pearance, and, from the light and airy manner in which she tripped up the stairs of the Police Office, in com pany with her husband, she seemed to augur the best prospects upon this interesting occasion. The young gentleman has an extremely youthful look, indicative of his age, not more than sixteen. FRENCo HABITn IN TIIP YEAR OF RAcS, 'G8C , Talk with a Frenichman, be he courtier or cobbler, he will assert, that'above all things the French %eople are distinguished for the decorum and grace of their habits, Now take an example :4-An English gentleman, tra, veiling the other day from Dieppe to Rouep, by the Diligence, witnessed, the following npvel seepc,--a-nv at least to him and his coqrtrymen. The vebicle Cpa. tained fifteen inside passeugers, and four out, besides the driver and conductuer-(and most canvenient and easy carriages these French diligences are, and cheap withal). One of the inside travellers was a French woman, is the dress, and with the address, of .t lady, who was ac companied by a respectable elderly fgmale, and a pretty, modest-looking girl. On the way, the lady in'question told the conductupr to stop the diligence;' which he did directly ; she then had the door opened, stepped out with much vivacity, proceeded to the road side,--no five yards from tl~ coach, * and - * . * This was at noon day, and when the sudden stoppage1 of the carriage drew the attention of 'a1b the passea gers,-seven of .whom were English,--to see what was going forward, The lady . * smilingly resumed her seat, and joined Qgaln In the cont.. versation in which she had before tgken a. part, looking about her as complacently as if * EMOGRANT'r TO A3MERICA.---Witbin a few days'bac.. (says an American pn'per, called the Little Fells Intel ligetcer), some ten or twelve cargoes of emigrants have passed this pltce on. te.e bErie Canal, ,a7oaei,of theq2e bending their course to the flourishing villages of Western New York, and some to the most distant settlements of Ohio. More than eight hundred, prin cipally French, S iyiss, and Germans, are stated to have recently come over, and their grotesque appear anre is such as to overcome with astomiishment the Yaa kee" natives," through whose precincts they pass. Nq fewer than 15,065 settlers had arrived at Queee during the present seasoin. ELEGANT P'RASE FOR HANGINp..--The Autralian,,. a New south WIales paper, calls the process by whI. live pirates, '' victims of justice, have terminated tbei qaistcz'e on tbe gallows," an " awful cereaiony." The ir oaat's were " unfortunate nen,"' like the victims of. justice and the gallows in tho old country. The crime tr vh lich trey suffered was characteristic--they -bad seized the brig Wellington, in the act of'conveying thdm to the penal settlempenp of Norfolk Islanid. Allas, AN EXTRAORD;NARY LEAP.-The.Black' Rock Gazelle (Unitetd State)" of August 8~ announces, " that oQ Saturday the 8th day of ýeptcmber next, at three ,'clock p. mn. the large and staunch-built sehooner' ir elfg:igan, burden 136 tones, will make her grand descent thi ough the lapids, and over the falls of Niagara. A number of gentlemen, on both sides of the river, have nriited jin the purclhae of this iessel, for the. purpoes o0'ireating themselves and their fiiends to a' spectacle, whih in point of niagnificeuce and awful grqndeur, can Ihardly be equalled ?by the combinatiozg 'of naturd and art in apy oither part of the world. The hatches, compianion-way, and' wiidows of the Michigan, will be securely closed, so, as to prevet4 he intrusion of water; and if she shall be so fortunate ~s to pass the , rapids and reach the head of the fall at the 1prse.sboe@i uninjured, it is believed that she will effct 'the perpen dicular leqp of 160 feet without breaking-as the basin in which asfe will light is prohbably 500 or Go600 fee.ti depth, andti the bpoyaecy of the vessel vill prevent her from teaching the roks at the bottom. She will be towed by loaits to the ehtrance of Ithe rapids, so as to give'her the most safe and eligible direction, and she will carry on heF deck a number of living animals of the greatest bone and muscl, (such as bears, dogs, oats, &c.;) ; the greatest part, and probably the whole of whIbcJ it Is confidently anticipated, s'ill survive the shock without injury, 'and will be seen, after a proper time, emerging from 'ite abyss, and wending theie way to the' shobtes fro.p) W)iph tOy were repecfiVie~ly takpn " _ 