SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. No arrivals since our last. SAILED, On Thursday, —The smaclc Elizabeth' Henrietta, (Capt Innes,) for Latinceaioii, with a general cargo of merchandize. The barque WW,(Capt. Hide,) is cleared out this day, and is expected to aa.il to morrow for Sydney, with the remainder of her imported caigo. Passengsrs,— Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mangy, Mr. and Mrs. Langdon and S children, Mr and Mrs. Petitie and S children, Mr. O'ougli, Mr. Goodall, and Dr. M'Ternan, who came out Sur. Sup. of the Manlius. —00— The Prince Leopold arrived at Launoeston on Wednesday the 12th Insiant, with the loss of her rudder. The Currency Lass arrived at the same Port on Saturday J5th, after a passage of six days, from Sydney. There is a great anxiety on the Public mind, in respect to the best method of protecting the Settlers in the interior from the hostile attacks of the Aboriginal Natives. In another part of our Journal, if will be seen that his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor - with that attention to the interests of the Community placed under his authority, which, in our view, has always distinguished him - has ordered the whole disposable mili- tary force of the Island into the interior, to move in whatever direction circumstances may require. We have no doubt that by this judicious measure there will be an imme- diate stop put to the violence of those unhappy and benighted beings, whose want of intelligence is, no doubt, the main cause of their present barbarities. It is understood that several of them having been captured, are brought to Hobart for trial, to answer under the British Law for the offences they have committed upon British subjects. "Many most serious reflections and considerations arise from this, we are quite aware that one, if not more, of those ignorant creatures has been already tried by the Criminal Court, and underwent the last mete of human pun- ishment, under the sentence of the' British Law. But the Precedent does not, in our estimation, afford a satisfactory answer to the considerations which arise to every reflecting mind, upon such a subject. We hear that at Sydney, Mr. Justice Stephen, with that characteristic humanity and tenderness for human life, for which he is so eminently distinguished, on a late occasion refused peremptorily, notwithstanding a very powerful application from the Attorney General of that Colony, to try - even to try - an Abo- riginal Native thereof, accused of murder; indeed whose committal of that serious offence was perfectly clear. But Mr. Stephen had very serious doubts whether the unhappy creature was amenable to the laws by which Englishmen and all other denizens of these colonies are, no doubt, most properly subjected. But the Aborigines are very differently circumstanced; it is to be recollected that they are the original "Lords of the Soil;" we have dispossessed them of that which they inhabited from God and Nature, and although this may be answered with a smile of contempt, and the "pooh! pooh! non- sense!" of the Inkle like traffickers in human flesh, yet the fact is not the less the same. It is not the quantum of civilization possessed by the Aboriginal Inhabitants of any country, which gives them a greater or a less claim to the possession of that country. It is not the superior intelligence and polished manners (the period of time considered) of the Mexicans which rendered the atrocities of Pizarro the more atrocious. By every law, human or divine, the human race possesses the same rights, originally bestowed by the great power of all, whether, as respects the "untutored Indian," or "Montezuma" himself. We consider this position to be unanswerable, and from it alone many serious considerations arise, in respect to our assuming a right of subjecting to the operations of our tribunals the real possessors of that land, which it is we who in reality have usurped from them, by force and violence. But it is not as respects this particular alone to which we refer; many other considerations, probably of more importance, press themselves upon our minds. It is impossible to peruse the able, humane and generous sentiments ex- pressed by Mr. Justice Stephen in New South Wales, on the occasion of which we have just spoken, without feeling for that most respectable Man and Magistrate the very highest esteem. The Attorney General, in our view, appears in a comparative dark shade, when he pressed upon the Court the application to try the unhappy creature, against whom he had preferred an Indictment or "information" as it is so unintelligibly, called, couched in the technical jargon of the English Law, not one word of which could be understood or even comprehended by the human being about to be sacrificed to a code of law, of the very existence of which, he was in the most profound ignorance. Mr. Stephen rejected with as much scorn as the courtesy inherent to him permitted him to suffer to appear, the old and miserable stuff, that every man is bound to know the English Law, that law, the compendious nature of which has been so justly animadverted upon in a Contemporary Publication. Mr. Justice Stephen refused to listen to this or any such leaven of the darkest period of English oppression; he refused peremptorily to suffer the man to be arraigned, that is to say, to acknowledge the jurisdiction of a tribunal, of the very proceedings of which, from his perfect ignorance of its language, he must continue in the most perfect ignorance, and whose trial by such, would have been the very worst of mockeries. The most zealous advocates for human punishments admit, their object is example! What example did the "doing to death" of the miserable wretch upon the scaffold, a year or two ago, afford to his native brethren? Not one of them ever heard of it, and not one of them possess the capacity to comprehend the nature of our system of punishment for offences sub- jected thereto by laws, formed for governing a race of people, as widely different from themselves as can be possible in the same species. The punishment of death is at all times, perhaps, the least lasting example to which offenders can be subjected; but, as respects the Aborigines of these Colonies, it is a literal sacrifice of life, without the possibility of any public advantage arising therefrom. If it is asked what would we do with these unhappy wretches, whose enormities we admit, are appalling in the extreme, we reply, the ingenuity of man has devised abundant means of tormenting his fellow creatures, by chains and captivity, of securing him from the enjoyment even of the free air of heaven, to render the safe keeping of these poor wretches, a matter of little difficulty. If example is indeed, as it is professed to be, the real object of punishment, how much more likely is it to have its effect, by the placing such of these creatures as have waged war upon our Settlers, under a sufficient guard, and in sufficient bonds, to secure them from escape, and compelling them to labour in the immediate vicinity, of the scene of their atrocities, or of the haunts of their fellows. "But they would escape," replies the advocate for blood, "they would infallibly find the means of escaping from their keepers and what then? we reply, is it not most probable that by relating the punishment which had awaited them, some apprehension would be excited, as to the commission of their predatory violences; and, at all events, would not "example" be afforded infinitely more clearly and satisfactorily, than if they were brought forth upon the scaffold in Hobart, and, as soon as life was extinct, consigned to the silent grave, and neither themselves nor their offences nor their punishment be ever after heard of! In every view of the subject we consider, many and most serious objections do exist to the trial of such of these unhappy people, by the Tribunals of the British Law. We offer these considerations to the serious attention of those by whom, we have no doubt, every thing fitting upon such an occasion will be more carefully weighed; and we have only to add, that if we are wrong, we have very high authority who is wrong with us, and our error is, at all events, the error of humanity!! As shortly noticed in our last, the Act for the new Constitution of these. Colonies was passed in the House of Commons on the 4th July, with very little alteration, and was read a second time and committed in the House of Lords on the 9th July. In the debate in the House of Commons on the20th June, on the bill being brought in by Mr. Huskisson, Sir James M'lntosh proposed a clause allowing Trial by Jury, and for the election.of one third of the Le gislative Council, l>y all tin? free inhabitants who had rtsid d ia the" Colony for three years. He said the only measure that could wipe out the stain of having been penal set tlements, was the granting them popular representation and Trial by Jury \ the present laws prevented the introduction of capital and skill into those Colonies. What a use. ful and powerful example it must be to of fenders, to witness the cases of a few whe had risen to character and fortune in theso Colonies, though originally sent there for their offences. It would be one of the grandest experiments it' was possible to mfikie for the reformation of crime. In no other country could such powerful motives exi?t for good conduct, as iu a country where tlie wrong-doer was in chains, whi'e cil.ers who had reformed were raised to the high' st office^— tt country where the fruit? <>f good conduct were so conspicuous. Sir Thomas Brisbane Ind no doubt as to the ripenes-sof these Colonies for receiving these ins'itution9. Governor Bligh, Judne Advocate Berit, General Marquarie, Judge Wylde, and Chief Justice Forbes wereofthe same opinion,—all but Mr. Commissioner Mgge. One thiid oi the Council being appointed by the people, would lay a foundation for a Colonial assembly, and the discussions being public would enable the Council to eon rol the public expenditure. By giving the people of the Colony an interest in the Government, they would contribute more willinglv to its expenses. He would give the freeiman (he .liked the good old word better than emancipist) who had acquired property by his industry, »he power t« elect a representative, and to be a juryman as a reward for his virtues. Mr. Huskisson said, that wherever British subjects emigrated or settled, if it were in a British Colonyj they were' entitled by birthright (not as an act of giace or favour) to the full benefit of the. British Constitution ; only to be suspended for a time when circumstances rendered it necessary. He proposed, that they should suspend the introduction of those privilege*, and give to the King in Council, and to the Local Go vernment, the power to extend those privileges to the Colonies. Tlie bill proposed to give the crown the power, by an order in council, to extend Trial by Jury to the Colonies, whenever it should think it safe to do so. The Supreme Court should be competent in civil coses to grant a Trial by Jury, if either party claimed it, provided the court were satisfied that by doing so the ends of justice would be promoted. The bill was to continue in force lor seven years, It was wrong to suppose that the Government of New South Wales was at present arbitrary. The press was free, perfectly free ; and there were three or four periodicals published, who made it their business to watch with great care the conduct of the Government, and control its proceedings. After some further discussion Sir James M'Intosh withdrew his amendment. These Colonies are certainly much Indebted toSir James M'Intosh for the interest he. has taken in their affairs, and the efforts he has rei eatedly made during the last session of Parliament in their b.ebalP lie is well aware, that although the institu tions of the Mother Country might not ar rive at a state of perfection in our infant situation, yet, that they would be of the most essential benefit to the Colonists, by uniting all classes in one common bond for the public good, and by extinguishing those animosities which will always exi-t so long as a system of exclusion is allowed to prevail. Our Readers muBt be familiar wilh our opinion, so often expressed, that the reformation of the prisoners of the ciown, is the grand object of the Home Government in sending them to these Colonies, which ('pinion has been enforced in the clearest manner by Sir James M'lutosh, with whom we fully agree, that the granting the liberal institutions of England lo these Colonies, would be ihe'TDOst effectual way to remove and wipe away , the stain of their having been penal settlements, which doubtless retards ..their advancement, in no oidinary degree. Even the limited representation he proposed of one thiid of the Legislative Council being elected by, and their discussions open lo the publit, would be attended with gieatei benefit than can be well imagined at first view : it would prevent the enact ment of laws coming upon us, like the ghost in Mackbeth, when least expected. If the Press of this Colony weie to be restored to freedom, an.l the doors of the Colonial Councils thrown open, which is in the power and at the will of the Governor, we do not think His Excellency could confer a greater boon upon the Colony. As this bill vests the power of extending the British privileges to us, in the King and Council, we hope and trust the Colonists will lose no time in forwarding a petnion to His Majesty, through the medium of the Local Government, praying lor that exttn; sion ; but this is only to be effected by the voice of the whole people, not the work of a party. \ ' We cannot dUn/iBs the subject, without noticing the happy method Mr. Huskisson> our late Secretaiy for these Cojonies, has, of blinking at, or rather suppressing the whole truth when it suits his purpewes : we,did not expect this i'rom ; the Right Hon. Whig when the Press was concerned. He asserted that the Press in theae Colonies (for the bill referred to both) was free, perfectly free ! which controled the acts of the Government. Hz avoided naming the thraldom in which the Press is held in thii Colony, or the luinoue coniequctices likely to«c«rtie ; to' individuals : therefrom ; we; - however, learn from this debate that the restrictions on the Press cannot have the sanction of the Government or Parliament of Britaih. THE total Income of Great Bri'&fo; for the year ending 5 h July, 1«28, amounted to 272 030, and the total Expenditure to A*5t,ia;l,322, leaving a surplus of .£3,088,708. By the last accounts from England, Hops had rather encreased in price, and there was some speculation in this article, in oonsequence of a report that the fly had appeared in tlie hop plantations, the duty is now stated at about .£130,000. A Bill lias been brought into the House of Commons, to prevent the improper appropriation of Coi porate Funds lo Electioneering purposes. This is one of tlie most useful Bills introduced, this Session, as it goes to destroy the system of i bribery and corruption at Elections for Cities, Boroughs, a«d Towns coiporate, in fav.our of tbe Patron, fas lie is falsely called,) with the very funds of (he Persons wlibsa elective franchise he tramples on. THE Bill for building new Churches in Great Britain became so unpopular at this time of pecuniary distress, arising from excessive taxation, that the Minister vervpruden ly withdrew it. A Bill was presented in the Houseof Commons in June last, from 'lie working Sawyers of Bristol, complaining that they were ruined by the intro» duction of machinery. THE Portuguese Patriots, lately in England, had arrived at Oporto on tlie £6th June, in the Belfast Steamer. A Constitutional Army, headed by theii; Pat iots, have marched towards Lisbon, and had an affair with Don Miguel's army at toimbra. The Kino of tlie Netherlands has despatched a vessel willi Engineers. &c.;, to survey the grouud for tlie Canal connecting tlie Atlantic and Pacific' Oceaus, at Panama, South America. • WE understand the despatches from England, try the transpnrt Manlius, contain a new commission for the Colonial Councils, but niukinif no alteration as to the Gentlemen composing them. It is ulso said tliat a British Baronet, who lias just received hit honours, in very reduced circumstances, is coming out to enjov some lucrative situation in this Colony. This is Colonial Economy indeed, unless, os wetrtlstwill be the case, the expense of ihe office to tie thus created, will be paid in some other way than out of the Colouial fund. • Tee Prisoners by the Manlius were landed early on Monday morning-; the majority of llieui appear to be young men, and—what will be of great advantage to the Settlers—, ti e hear that most of tlieni are farming- labourers.' . His Excelmwcf the Lieutenant. Governor inspfeted the prisoners landed from the Manlius oil Monday last, at. the Prisoners* Burracka. tits Excellency afterwards Tisited the Hospilnl, and, after minutely inspectiiiff the rarious Wards, spukc in the most litimauc.andfeeling uianutr; pn the enormity or >'''e crime of self.dcstructio'ji, .to. the poor man who last week attempted suicide, by cutting- his throat, at P.ittnaler, in a fit of despondence ai- his niiserable«i.i.» & tioti. ' Ibtters hare been received-in Town'from Mr.Sams'oi Clarence Plains, who left this Colony lust year fox-Emrlaoii.' Mr.S: was in London, and expresses his inteation-'of re-; turning here by one of the first ships. We understand that his Excellency the Lieutenant Gover- nor has ordered out the whole of the disposable military, who are to be encamped in the neighbourhood of Ross Bridge, to act against the Aborigines as may be necessary. Ills Excellency has," we are informed, been pleased to express himself extremely pleased at the general arrangeroent adopte'd on board the Manlius, Jy the Sui(teou Supt. Dr.M'I'ERNAN, (not TARNAR, R N., as ill our last,) aod at the creditable state of that ship upon iter urrical here. We have this day inserted in another part of o«r Taper, the Proclamation uf the Turkish Sultao JlAHMorr, to bi» Army. It is a curious piece of couipnsiiinii, mid »c -think oui-Readers will be-amused -by a perusal of it. Ws bear that the prisoners by the transport Matilivs, had it ill contemplation to poison ihe provisions of the military and sailors, with a riew to take the ship, which diabolical plot W hs discovered in time to prevent it. We trhst, if such iutentioBJ really did exist, it will sifted to tbe bottom, aud the guilly meet with the merited puuishmnut. iVrskt/an Missionary Meeting.—'This Meeting took pltee on Monday night last, in ihe Melville-street Chapel,—Mr. lloue, iu the chair; and considering Ihe extreiui- ly unfavourable weatbci, was numerously and respectably attended. Several excellent Resolutions wore unanimously ndopied, accompanied with edifying tad appropriate speeches. The funds collccted, exceeded those ol' last year more than £10; but, as the Keport is to be printed, we refer our Keadera thereto fur particulars. We understood H:s Excellency intends proveeding- to l^tinceston, in a day or two; it is said Ills Kxcellbscs means to remain some time in the country. •Per/uncry, §c.—The elegant assortment of peifumeryahd other female ornuinental articles,ad vcrlised by J .iiJ .Soluiiior, it) this day's Paper, proves the increasing improvement aud importance to which our Female Community has arrived in this Colony. A few years ago, it was half a wonder to see E Lady on the street; hut, now behold ! round aud square painted glass, to show the fucc either vertical, perpendicular, oi angular as \ou please, fumigating pastilles, lavender, Jacko, Caroline, Benloniond, and pyramid waters, coral tooth pon der, aud bear's grease, with a'll the other paraphernalia which are calculated to improve the body, and we hope also the min^Jui^iu^iilarly tlie temper of the lovely and loving sex. WHP^^PSo, let them—darling creatureshave their nick-nacks, w hile w e enjoy ourselves over a com-, fortablc bottle of Madeira, Claret, «r—we had almost said ruin—good Colonial Whisky toddy. Saving Bank.—We are extremely happy to understand that above £1400 has been lodged by Government, in the Saving Bank kept by the Directors of the Derweut Bank, of mon**y belonging to Prisoners of the Crown. The money come by the last prison ship, (the Manlius,J has been sent direct to the Bank, very properly accompanied with the namesof the individuals te whom each sum belonged; but this was not the case previously. Ddriso the last and present week, the attention of our Police Magistrate has beeu constantly occupied in inrestigatingsrveral cases of extensive robbery, discovered through the vigilance of our Police. A great number of persons are in cnsiudy, supposed to be implicated in these transactions, and we understand tlitNiincovery thus fortunately made, wilt lead Ij -ihe detection of a most dangerous gang of-tbievee, Who have foru longtime carried on a system of eKteai^''* depredation with impunity. Several articlesof consider® "B° value, the property of Mr. Pfet, aod others, were found m the huuse of a man named Wm. Fawns, in Elizabeth-street, und about 2 cwt. of copper, planted in the bush, near New Town. In a house in Bathurst-street, occupied by » »an named Th»s. Smith, a great quantity ofsilks, gloves, w-earmg apparel, Ike., &c.;, were found secreted uader the floors ; these liad been stolen from tbe Stores of John Kerr, Esq. \- Coustahles Khiud and Byron have evinced considerable 7 judgement and penetration in making these discoveries, sod • their promptitude and perseverence cannut be too much; applauded. For further particular*, see Polieelntelligeoce. Aborigines—A party of the Military accompanied by two prisoners and Black Tom were sent from Richmond on the 3rd Inst, under the charge of the chief constable of that district, for the.purpose of capturing the Blacks who had committed the recent murders on the East coast, opposite to Maria Island. After searching the coast as far as Pres- ser's River and the country thereabout, without seeing a trace of the Blacks, the party proceeded towards Maloney's Sugar Loaf, where information was received that they had speared a man very recently, and after passing the Blue Hills bluff, and the lower end of the Eastern Marshes, they accidentally came upon the Hunting Ground, where several of the native tribes were lately assembled, of which they only discovered a few of the once formidable Stoney Creek tribe, which consisted of 4 chiefs, 3 women, 2 boys, and one lame man! The party discovered them on the afternoon of the 10th instant, and waited till day light next morning, when they surprised the Blacks while asleep, but on ac- count of some thick underwood several of them succeeded in making their escape, the party however captured two chiefs (Yumarra and Jeminii) a boy (Jack) a lame man and a woman (the wife of one of the chiefs who escaped,} two chiefs, another boy, and two women made their escape, a quantity of spears, waddies, and 8 old blankets were taken and burnt. Several blankets, knives, a pair of scissors, a spoke shave, the royal insignia belonging to Yumarra, which consists of 4 wreaths of beautiful shells, and a high- ly polished skull, which formed the only ornament of the woman were brought away; she appeared at Government House on Tuesday last (the day on which the whole of the captives were brought to town,) in a gown of the Camero- nian tartan, which Mrs. Bradley of Oatlands had bestowed upon her, she had altered it into a most complicated and, curious drapery. The conduct of Black Torn, and two pri- soners Thos. Arthur and Robert Lee, who were of the party, as highly spoken of. We have in another part of our paper offered to our Readers the considerations which arise upon the melancholy circumstances connected with these unhappy people. We trust that His Excellency the Governor's measures for cap- turing them may be successful, and that they will be all sent to King's Island or some other appropriate place. ABORIGINES. - On the 5th Instant, a servant of Mr PRESS- NELL was speared in the arm by the natives, in the neighbourhood of Sorell Springs. On the 16th Instant, a man, well known by the appellation of one armed Dick, was dangerously speared in the thigh by the natives near Mr. FISHER'S stock-hut; a party of the 40th went in pursuit, but found no trace of them except a broken spear, the same with which poor Dick was wounded. ^ OATLANDS, NOV. 17;—This day Mr. J. BOVDEN, of Lemon Springs, was bound over to keep the peacc towards Mr. WAXLIE, of York Plains. 