MURDER. [From the Times of Sept 4.] Extraordinary Trial of J. Orton, alias Strang, and Mrs. Whipple, for the murder of the hus- band of the latter. Albany, New York, July 25. Joseph Orton, alias Jesse Strang, was arraigned at the bar, and the indictment charging him in the usual forms, with the murder of Mr. Whipple, read by the District Attorney, to which he pleaded "not guilty." Strang is a small diminutive man, with nothing peculiarly striking in his looks. His face is rather sharp and prominent, with dark brown hair, blue yes, and apparently a high forehead, though covered with hair down to his very eye-brows. From his general appearance, one would suppose his dispo- sition rather amiable than otherwise. His age is pro- bably 28 or 30. During the whole time he was in Court, however, with a momentary exception which will be noticed hereafter, he did not manifest a single emotion, or any other feeling than that of indif- ference. Sometimes he leaned his face partly upon a handkerchief in his hand, but generally he looked about with more ease and unconcern than many of the spectators. Mrs. Elsie D. Whipple was next arraigned. She was introduced into the Court- room from the inner door leading into the State Library, and the anxiety of the multitude to obtain a sight of her was very great of course. She was in deep mourning, how- ever, and her veil was so thick, that not a glimpse of her countenance could be seen. Her form is light and graceful, and a gentle tremor ran over her as she en- tered the bar, supported by an officer. The indict- ment charging her with having been accessary to the murder of her late husband, before the fact was read, to which she pleaded, not guilty, and was immediately conducted out of court. She was not placed within the criminal box, but sat immediately in front of Strang. She appeared to weep, but did not sob aloud, and there was a moment while the prosecutor was reading the indictment, that Strang's countenance indicated considerable feeling, and some conflicting emotions. The court now demanded of Strang whether he was ready for his trial, but his counsel T. J. Oakley, Esq. replied that he should not be ready before to- morrow morning. A list of about 50 witnesses were called over for those trials; and as Messrs. Abraham Van Vetchen and Williams are the counsel of Mrs. Whip- ple, a powerful attempt will be made to procure her acquittal. Mr. Foot is associated with Mr. Living- ston, the district attorney, and both sides of the case will therefore be conducted with ingenuity and ability. The unfortunate father of Strang is here, making what efforts he can for his guilty son, and several others of his relatives, or those of his deserted wife, are also here. Strang, the father, is a very respect- able and wealthy farmer, residing in Duchess county. ALBANY, JULY 26. This morning the Jury were empanelled, and the trial proceeded. After the counsel for the prosecution had stated the case, the following witnesses were called. Ab. S. Van Renancleur, sworn.-.-Resides at Cherry- hill. Was there on the 7th of May at ten o'clock. Was part of the time in the cellar. Was in the se- cond story. Was with Mr. Whipple in the room in which he was killed, in the second story. Whipple was in the room between nine and ten o'clock, busy with sundry accounts. Was writing at a table. Wit- ness on the opposite side of the table; the room is the south-west room. Whipple was about seven or eight feet from the window. While sitting there, heard the report of a rifle or gun. Witness thought he heard it rain upon the stoop near the window. Looked out, and thought he saw a person's face, a white man with a black hat, and also thought he saw something shine like a rifle, or pistol, or a gun, could not tell which. At this he sprung from his seat and exclaim- ed "Oh," and at the same instant the piece went off. Deceased instantly sprang from the chair, and ex- claimed "Oh Lord!" Both started for the stairs. On the stairs deceased's hand on the bannisters slipped, and he fell. Witness ran down stairs, Mr. Whipple died almost instantly. Witness seized a piece which they kept, and was going out, but was prevented by those within, because Orton had said a few days before that there was a gang about there. He did not see Whipple fall, because he ran down ahead of him. Returned to Whipple and he was gasping,--- just alive, and that was all. The ball went in on the back side of the left shoulder, and penetrated the chest. Strang a few days before told witness that there were persons lurking about the house who meant no good. He had seen them at the Court-yard gate, and once in the back yard. Strang said that he thought that they could have no design upon witness, because they could have no chance. He also caution- ed witness not to tell any of the family. Mr. Whip- ple was absent, but shortly expected to return at this time. He had been expected before, but when he was absent it was uncertain when he would return. Had conversed with Strang about the murder, on one occasion, when he was making a dual settlement with Strang. Cross-examined by Mr. Pepper.—The shed extends a few inches south of the north edge of the window. A person to have fired into the room from the shed must have stooped a little. Does not know whether, from their relative position, the person outside could have seen witness or not. Although he could dis- tinctly see a person on the shed, with a white face and a black hat, it was not possible for him to say whether it was Strang or not. Cross-examined by Mr. Oakley.---Was confident that the time was after half- past nine o'clock: heard his grandmother's clock strike nine, but does not re- collect any thing about ten o'clock. By the Prosecution.---The persons living in the house were Catherine Van Rensecluer, Maria Van Rensecluer, Elsie Van Rensecluer, Harriet Van Rens- ecluer, Miss Henrietta Patrick, (niece of deceased), Elsie D. Whipple, John G. Whipple, Abraham G. Lansing, (son of deceased), the prisoner, William Wilson, (a hired man labourer), and Diana Jackson, (a slave), Killian P. Van Rensecleur, and Maria Matilda Van Rensecluer. [A part living in another part of the house.] Strang was hired on the 28th of August, under the name of Joseph Orton. A few days, i.e. less than a fortnight before the murder, Strang and witness came to the city to sell some old iron. Strang boasted of being a pretty good marksman with a rifle, and inquired of Mr. Fay, and of Mr. Moore, as to the price of rifles. On the morning of the 7th of May, Strang had a piece of lead in his hand, which he said was the softest he had ever seen. On the 14th of April, Strang said he was going to Troy, to collect a sum of money due to him. He was absent all night and returned next day. [Mr. Livington here inquired whether Mrs. Whipple was absent the same night? Mr. Oakley objected to the question, as being a leading and important one. It was improper to introduce any act of Mrs. Whipple's, unless it was shewn that Strang was cognizant of it. Mr. Livingston stated his object to be, to prove by this witness the absence of Mrs. Whipple on that night, and then to trace her to a tavern, where Strang and she stayed, between Troy and Schenectady. The Court sustained the question as one link in what might prove, if the parties were found together that night, an important chain of circumstantial testimony.] The examination proceeded.---Witness could not of his own knowledge say that Mrs. Whipple was absent on that night. On the night of the murder, witness slept, or rather laid down, with Strang. Strang had not told him that he had purchased a rifle. [Mr. Livingston here asked the witness if he had had any conversation with witness, within a few days, in re- lation to the murder? Mr. Oakley demanded the ob- ject of the question---whether it was to introduce a confession? Mr. Livingston replied that it was. Mr. Oakley then interposed an objection. If this question was allowed, it would be competent for him to go into a preliminary examination, whether this was an origi- nal confession? And if not, it would be competent for them to go back still further to the original confession, and then inquire whether this previous confession was not made under circumstances to exclude it from the testimony, and whether all subsequent confessions were not made under the same inducements which were or may have been offered to obtain the first con- fession. In the course of his remarks, Mr. Oakley quoted "Starkey on Evidence" in his favour. Mr. Foot here rose and remarked, that inasmuch as they should be able, in the progress of the trial, to offer the same testimony in a shape to which no objection could be made, the prosecution would wave it for the present.] Cross-examined by Mr. Oakley.—When prisoner talked of being used to the rifle, said he had come from Ohio. By the Court.—They had no particular motive for trading their guns on that night. They generally left two or three guns loaded in the house. By Mr. Livingston.—Strang went up to town be- tween sun down and dark, to buy cloth for a pair of pantaloons. Witness told him to get some oil of Spike. Strang came into the house in 15 or 20 minutes after Whipple was killed. They had a dog at the house which would always keep strangers off, but would not oppose those with whom be was acquainted; Strang knew the dog very well. The dog was at home that night, under a little shed on the south side of the house. In five or six minutes after Whipple was shot, the black woman called the dog, but he paid no attention. By Mr. Oakley.---Saw Strang come in about 15 or 20 minutes after Whipple was shot; witness was standing at the top of the stairs when Whipple fell; Strang came up, and witness told him that Mr. Whip- ple had been shot. As Strang looked on the body of Whipple, he turned as white as a sheet, or a ghost, and witness then suspected him. (Here the prisoner smiled.) Does not recollect what Strang said; he felt so bad that he could not distinctly recollect what was said. Strang was a member of the coroner's (ury that sat upon the body, and witness testified before them. He did not disclose his suspicions to the Jury because he was one of the family. Repeated, that he requested Strang to call at the apothecary's for some oil of spike; saw it next morning in the kitchen, and presumed he procured it. Dr. Joel A. Wing called and sworn.—Was the phy- sician called to examine the body next morning after the murder; the ball was extracted by him; it en- tered his left shoulder, passed across the chest, and cut off an artery leading to the heart. The ball was rather a large one for a rifle, but he was not much conversant with such matters. (the ball was here produced, and witness said it was the same.) Witness had converged with Strang about the murder. He said, he presumed it must have been done by somebody down the river, as Whipple had some difficulty with some canal men. Dinah Jackson (black woman) sworn. She lived at Cherry-hill, and was at home on the night of the murder; she heard the gun fired, and heard a noise before, like that of some person attempting to raise a window; several persons, (children) were in the kitchen with her; when «she heard the gun she went out, found the dog, and tried to get him after him, but he would not stir; saw Strang when he came home; he came in company with the people who had been sent for to help them. Witness had heard Strang say that there were people around the house; she thought he did it to try to frighten ber away, but she told him that was her home—her proper place--- and she should not go. Witness had heard Mr. Whipple inquire of Strang about the people whom he had seen of nights abouts the house, and asked him why be did no' shoot them. Strang asked what would be done with him if he should shoot him (Whipple) by mistake. Whipple said he should not be out---he must shoot their legs---if he could not do that, he should shoot them any where. A good while before, Strang asked witness what she should ask to poison Mr. Whipple. Why, she said, she would not do it for the State, or the whole world. But she thought he was joking with her, and she thought no more of it until after he was killed. Recollects well that Strang went away on the 14th of April, about 10 o'clock a.m.; Mrs. Whipple went away about four o'clock, as she said, down lo Mr. Forbes'. Both were gone all night. Strang returned the next day about 11 o'clock, and went into the kitchen. he ate his meals there. Witness never saw Strang have a rifle about the house. The witness having left the state, the Court directed a recess, and officers were sworn to take charge of the jury---to take them to some convenient public- house---give them proper refreshments, but suffer no person to speak to them, excepting by permission of the Court. Thomas L. Pemberton (coroner) waw the next wit- ness called and sworn.---Examined the premises after the murder. There were marks showing that a person had climbed up on the north side of the shed, by means of a box about four feet high. By the tracks on the ground, and on the box, the person must have been barefoot or in his stockings. There were tracks on the shed, from the place where the box was to the point opposite the window. There was a mark of powder on the sash. Traced the marks of the feet to the woods, and lost sight of them within a few paces of where the rifle was found. The prisoner showed great agitation on the inquest, oil which he was one of the jury, and made many statements as to the per- son or persons said to be about the house. He said that he thought the individual looked like Mr. Arms. Witness was with the party which found the rifle. It was buried in the mud, the barrel four or five inches in depth, and the breech covered with leaves, perhaps a bushel of them. (The rifle was here produced, and identified by the witness as the same.) Cross-examined by Mr. Oakley.---Distinctly traced the tracks from the box: the marks of the toes were peculiar, and sometimes distinctly traced. The con- duct of Strang while on the coroner's jury was sin- gular. He appeared to be uneasy; walked to and fro; in and out of the room; folded his arms, and stood much looking out of the window. During the examination none of the family expressed any sus- picions as to who had done the deed. Edward Fay was next called upon the stand.---Is a gunsmith, residing in Beaver-street, Albany. Is not personally acquainted with Strang; but after he was in gaol went to see him, and recognized him as having seen him on the evening of the 3d of May, at his shop, about a quarter before 10 o'clock. Witness then sold him the rifle now in court, for which be gave him fifteen dollars. He gave him a twenty-dollar bill as the Phoenix Bank of Hartford. He believes the bill (now shown him by the prosecution) to be the same. He, however, had passed it afterwards to Spencer Stafford. The rifle was of a small bore; the balls to suit it would weigh 69, to the pound. He was there when he bought the rifle. There was nothing peculiar in his manner. he merely asked if it was a good one, but made no examination. Witness asked for sixteen dollars, but prisoner said he would give fifteen dollars, Croit exonitned by M h Oakley.---Cannot rrfilljvely«, .), ménr'líiflt Ihe pfiioiier wai the mun, but believe» he, was. Knows Ihe rifle ni well ni hil i ¡ghi hand from, bis left. It bus bia mark on it. Hu* «old, perhaps,' (bur or five more of the lame kind within three months; bul could pick Ibis out aiming'a thousand. The Hocks of hardi)' nay two look alike, lhere was «lui a peculiarity in this rifle v. hielt he had befori noticed, awl «ben prisoner entile for it, be enquired for mie worth sixteen dallara. Ile did not know the number of the bill, but thinks that this ia the one. Ile paid it nwny to Spencer Stafford. By tlu- I'rnsecitlton -The .bullet.mould (now pro- duced) would fit Ihe rifle. The surtout con! (now produced) appeared to be the sume imp «. hieb the tim»t Uil on when be bought the rifle- Ile noticed par- ticularly Hint it was very full in the breast. (Strang litiilflied.) Cross-examined by Mr. Oakley.-Winn be «nw dim in gue I, be bud oilier clothes on ; but when lltey put thule clothes uii'liitn, bent once recognized bim. By Hie Prosecution.-The ball uiiw shown witness ¡UllinnI the proper tizo for the lifle. Starr Foul sworn, bar-keeper of Mr. Fobes's hotel.-Knows the 20 dollar bill now in court ; be «are ihnl bill, ns be believes, lo Mn. Wliipple, on Ihe llie 3d day of Muy. Did no1 lake Hie number, bill believes Ibis fully to be the sume. It wai on lue 3d day of May, und think» ii wus in Hie afternoon, that he gave Mrs. Wliipple the money Ile procured the nioney to five Mrs. W. of Air. Fobes, tit the time. Plulntider Foibes SHorti.-On ide bill being iliowti to « ii mu, be teitilied that he recognized it. Ile |>nye ¡lit voniifr man, who had j ita t li-11 the stand, that bill for Mrs. Wliipple, but does not recollect the day. Ile ii mue particular ti« lo the bill, became it is the only elie of llnil denomination which be bud ever lind of tligt bank,mid when lie took it of a gentleman tit the bur. ils penúltimos« nits questioned. As to the time if day, ne wiri confident that ii wai nfler Hie alcam ljiiat left the duck, between ten and one o'clock. Cross-examined.--Take* considerable money. Does 'sa! recoiled any distill;» ii ¡shed murks nu Hie luce ol llir lull, but there ore uiiti ki on the back of the bill which be knows. Took no note of the intmbei of llit bill, nor did be al the lime make any mark upon .'. By Hie Prosecution.---Ki collect« Hie marks no» nu the buck of the bill, ns having been there. Never liml uuy olln t 21) dollar bill of that bunk, bul hui had five«, and threes, and twos. John Becker, (gaoler) «worn.--Identified the rifle li being the same which was fou ml by Mr. Pember- ton) (willi whom wilneis was in company), on the Ililli of June. It wns buried up in mud in u ravine, N. W. «f the home. [On being nsk>d under whut circiim llince« he found the rifle, Mr. Oakley objicled, tis iivoitiltgihe preliminary question of the circiimsluucei gntler w hielt Strang might have bren induced to make confessions, Mr. Foot modified the question so as to trittove the object ion.] Witness priiceeded---1'bey Biter slionIt) have found the rifle, if Strung hud not «rill fur him. They found the lifle in conséquence of the directions of Strung. They dad once In i elura fur further inslriiclioiiB, and found it on the lecottd attempt. It wai io concealed, that every iliower «mild have buried it deeper mid deeper in the mud. Wilsen olio went where Strait}, directed, and found lliepoi>on. The parcel (now produced) reaemlile« ¡I. Ii was in a hack house, concealed behind a bruce. John O. Cole «worn.--Testified to the finding of the .jimmu, which was delivered over by witness lo the district attorney. That appears to he the parcel. Edward Livingston (disttici attorney) iwoni...Thal ii tile parcel delivered lo me, and h .1 not been out of air possession since. Wm. Wilson iwoin.--.At the lime of Ihe murder, «¡lucís winn labourer, residing at the farm at Chert y . hill. Some days befóte, n« riinesss and prisoner wus «talkingfrom the bum, piiioner iioiated al the window .nd mid it wa« a fine place to «hool he. Wilneii re- plied, that it'was a «hame fur bim lo think of such a thing, Strang did mil «pink of the «bed, but pointed .tit. At the brenkfait table Hie next moruiii^ uftei the murder, wime>» usked Sluing if he did nut re- collect w hal he had aid about shooting ¡li at the win. dow, mid he said, " Yes." .Strang then turned away Ml bend, gat np, mid went out of duors. (Here tilrnng smiled iiriiiii ) Cross-i miimined by Mr. Pepper...-Ii positive Hint it vu the next mm nmg after Mr. Wliipple was shot; and ii positive thut they were tit hieakfait, und that Sliuiighud not gone for Dr. Wingin come and luke lliP hull oui. [After a further ijiiotioiiing, witness correclid himself, and said thut it uns on the morning of the second day). Mud beard S'riiug speak about llie people lurking about the hniue, and one night Hie Íienple all ran doutt stairs, alni mod. It was about a i » r 111 i vr I » V or three weeks before Wliipple wai .hot thal Stiatigspoke of shooting in at 'ihe window. It lind Du relercuce lo the talk about people alunit the house. Spencer Slufl'oid sworn_Identified the bill now in Court as the one which lie received Irom Mr. Fay on llie4lb of May, and the same which he paid to'Dr. Townsend lift rwarde. Cross.exiimined by Mr. Oakley --It wos the only SO dollar bill of the kind which lit bud ; it «vas first pot upon Hie Hillside of a bundle of money, and after a du y or two was put into Hie bundle. Knew the bill, however, perfectly, mid described other» that weie inlhe bund e, one 'JO dollar of Hiisrishingh Bank. Ür. Challes (J Townsend sworn.-Recognized the Hie bill to n ceilaitily, ns bein.; one which he received from Mr. Sliitf'ord. Ile had no other 20 dollar bill except one ; which he also receivid flinn Mr. tilfliird, of Hie bank of Harrisburgr. France» Hill »worn.--Witness fives in Wutervleit, ..« Ihe 'Tunpike, which lends from Schencctudy to Troy, and her husbnnd keeps a tavern ni the «mer», where lite mud from Albany joins ihe Sehe. «Mindy turnpike. [When nsked 'if she knew Hie frMjoner al lite lar, she turned to look at him. Heal lill attempted to «tare her out of countenance. He then began to lungh, mid had to Hop hi» mouth willi M handkerchief. The willies» wa« confused and fiiffhtem d.l She believed (bat ihe bud seen him trlore at her home, but could not > wear pi.»¡lively. She had leen Jiitn while in gaol, in ciiui|aiiy willi der husband, Mr. Van Scl.annlibven and the gaoler. She h d no doubt then, in ber own mind, nor bus she »ow, ihnl he ii the same mau whom she inw ni her font house. He caine lo bet- bouse «sith Mrs. Wliipple. Hid ¡mt known Mis. Wliipple before, but has seen her since, und bus no doubt Hint she is ihe woman They caine a little oller inn down, in a nrie-hoiie-wag (Tiin It mini d tbiitaflirroou. ["mí the black woman tes. lilíd, bul we omitted to note the c rcnnixtance.] They ilajt-d all night. They slepl in the sume room. Thcíe weie two beds in Hie* room, bul only one lind been turd. [Ihre Hie prism er enjoyed another Inuph.J The lime was in April, lint ihe cannot recollect the day ; but there wns n remarkable thunder-storm, and linns on that. ny. Cross-examined by Mr. Onkeley.-Went lo the prison at the request of Mr. Cole io see ¡I that wns the man who wns ni her house. There wns no other priioner in Hie room. Nancy Montgomery (a girl) «worn.-- Lives willi Mr«. Hill, at Wutervleit, and thinks she knows the priioner at the bar. Was tint willing lo swear posi. lively, bul his coonlenniice favours Hint of Hie man wini carne lhere, und she bus no doubt that he is the same. Ile caine lhere in April, in company willi Mn. Wliipple, ni «he believes. The ludv that lins been ihe«ti to lier since us Mrs. Wliipple, she baa no (loutit llial'she ii Hie snme person who carne there willi a mun, whom she has no doubt is Hie prisoner .I the bri-. They represented themselves ni mau mid wife. The prisoner bud on the lame coat and pantu lavm Ihen ni now. She observed them more, particu- larly iban «he does people who ordinarily come there, ?I ihey appeared young and very loviny, and it was talk.dot in the family. The woman said, ihey were cniiiiiiif from Schencctudy, lind going to New York, .mt they ihougbt it strange Hint Ihey should be going \a New York, without any baggage, and the gentle- man without a great eua«. (Here the niisoner smiled again.) She thinks llie waggon in which they carne «ss a gicen box waugan. Charles Conk'.iug sworn...-Keeps à ' livery-itable 1 It» Albany. On the Hill of April prisoner caine lo his stable, and hired u horse and Waggon togo, an tuaid, Iq Troy. The wheels and frame was black, ?lui ihe body green. When lie came in the morning t» engage tile waggon, he lindon an every day suit, dut when be enme for it he bud on the snme clothes thai be bui now. He wanted a horse and gig, bul llie witness bud none in, and lie «mild not wait. It *>.« t bout 4o'el ick in the afternoon, and he returned illhe'liexl morning. Ile said hil natue was Oiton, or Marton, or some auch name, and Hated that he lived With Mr Wliipple. Jemrslhll »worn.-.Keep« llie holde in Watervleit, Q« the dav of Hie great thunder-storm, in April, pii M»er anda lady camelo hi« home with a one horse .?ggoo. He had on dollies like his present suit, and Rethought her riding- dress wns made of the same illili*. He said, that their child being sick at home, Ihey had come awfiy without any baggage, aud he without b<* great coet, 'Maria Vim Reminleiir «worn.--Resides nt Cherry, hill. Kuowi Hie ridiug-dreis of Mn. Wliipple. -it wai lilac mixed, and resembles the clothes now on the prisoner, in colour, very m neb. Thure was a thun- der shower about Hie middle of April, and Mrs. Wliip- ple wai ahieut that night, as also the prisoner, all Bight. Recollect* a conversation in the family .bnnf th»'»¡Ullin« h'rking round there. Somepenon »*lt«ktHjL]tlMit he ought lo sbooi and lame them. Ile Ï* %£'"»&!« e * '° *'"'ut at '''em, and it lum oat In 'Mll^WMlk«>t>. would you «land Hie law with me ?" ' Jtm«0/^áa i\«niialeur iworn.-Wai présentât WeßklWfflU «h« priaoner, on the Friday after 'J the tnurder, before the PoHçe. ' He made no tiinfeiJ f, «ion, tint denied every thing oh'his. first examination^ No inducement wns held out, lo him to confesi, 'On ihe following Sunday, witness entered hi* prison, and remarked to Strang, Hint " He had heller make Hie liest use of his lime." Prisoner replied, " If ihey Innig me, ihey will hung uu innocent man." Cross-examined by Mr. Oakely.--They found pri. -niner disposed to lie on; they lesorled to some slrul agem. Wiluna told bim, lit the first examination that it wns of no use for him lo deny any thing ; that it win nil out ; amd something lo him about itrseuic ; nuda purl of Hie examination of Mi«. Wliipple wai read to bim. Wittiest might, in one or two purlieu, lan, hn»e induced Sinnig lo believe that Ihey knew bing» that Ihey did not know ; but this wui not done a« n «trntugein, as he honestly believed that ti ay had fucti enough. Prisoner confessed nothing then. The mayor, recorder, police, justices, and others were present. This wns the only examination \~] which willies! attended. On Sunday, lie went to see r( him privately, of his own accord, from motives of cu- riosity. Ile win the more induced to go, ni Sluing was so much tigituled al the close of Friduy's exami- nation. Mr. Oakley here called upon James M'Kown, Eiq recorder, upon Hie bench, to testily ai lo the menus made use ol' by Mr. Van Rensshluer lo induce Strung .o confess. Mr. M'Kown wits thereupon sworn. Ile did not iecollect ixncllv what was said. Ile be- lieves something wns said hy Jud«c Van llensseluei about arsenic. But witness utlended chiefly In another branch of the eMimhmtion, viz. Slrung's in- consistent story about his visiting Troy, mid receiving five IOO-dnllnr bills, of a mau whose name he did uni recollect, und »ending the mine lo Ohio. Judge Van Renssalaei muy have ¡iitiuinted Hint lhere wus suffi- cient testimony to convict bim--believes nothing wits said lo Strung which wus not untrue.-ns un officer, he should not have allowed such n couise. Strung wus anxious lo know wbul Mn. Wliipple had said upon a eel lain point; and, that there might be no mistake, thal purl of her examination was read. Mt. Cole, police justice, wits culled und examined lo the louie point by Mr. Oakley. There was no threat nor ¡nducemmt ofleied to Hie prisoner, by Judge Van Rensselaer, unless it might huve been the expression that it wai ol' ti o use to «letty any longer us the facts were out. When Strang waa tirai exam- ined us a prisoner, on the lutb of May, he (wituesi) gave bim Hie cannon Hint he need not «lute any thing bul what «sas voluntary, hut does not know that he lepeuted the caution at every successive ex uni mu- lulu. Judge Van Rensselaer was then called nguiu, and Mr. Oakley resumed the examination, li was on Sunday thut he paid his second visit. Ile went alone; Ititi Mr. Lush und Ciishmaii joined them. Mr, Oakley now cnlled upon Mr. S. S, Lush, who wa« swoi ii. He does no1 distinctly recollect Hie words used by Mr. Van Retisseluer. Thinks he told him that circumstances had ti ampi red which perfectly satisfied bim of his guilt, and thal he would be con- victed, or words lo l hut effect. John W. Ciishtniin was now called by Mr. Pepper, swoin, mid examined to Hie sume point. Believes Mr. Vuu Renneiner said to Strang, ihut it bud all come out, and he had helier confess. The Court.-Do you now ptopnie, Mr. District Attorney, to enter upon Hie exuiuiiinliun of Mr. Vuo Itetisiclitei, ns to the confession made lo him? Mr. Livingston.---Yes, Sir, we do. The Couit.-And lo this yon object, Mr. Oakley ? Mr. Oakley -Certainly we do. Jiidne Vim Iteusseluer was again called by the firosecillioit, and examined as lo Hie exact word«) used ly him to Strung, ni the time of his first visit on Sun. diiy. Ile proceeded-- Some one, I think Mr. Becker, observed lo Strang,-.'4 You had belter confess." 1 replied, "It is bin lillie mullet, us 1 think we have enough lo convict him." These be believed were th« very words used. Winieiassnl he went there merely for curiosity, and without uny view of obtaining a confession. On Friday, Strang bud declured-"I will confess nothing." Mr. Foot then asked-" Did Hie prisoner make uns confession of his guillan Sunday? Mr. Oakley--This is the very preliminary question lo which we object. Mr. Foot commenced an argument to ins. tuin Hie question. The Court saul, one of two courses must be pursued. Either there was no con- fession made on Sunday, and this qticstj.iii led to some futare confessions, or theie weie confusions made at that time, in which ernenn enquiry was proper to be mude ¡tun the ciruuiiiitutices under which they weie mude John Becker uns then culled. Ile was pieseilt on Hie Sunday, til the lime mentioned, with Mr. Van Rens- selaer and Mr. Lush, in:, Thinks Mr. Van llensse- luei stud io prisnnei, tliui he bud better confess---that einingli lind come oui--and that he was a tiger iii bimmil shape ! On the evening of the loth of Julie, on Wednesday or Tbuisday, prisoner made his fust confession to him. Witness did not know whether the' indictment hud been found or tint. Ile did not any much then. On the next motiiitlg, when alone, he'hal. another conversation with Hie prnoncr. Has been lu Hie habit of having many conversation« with bim, but dots no1 recollect whether Mr. Russel wai present: Ibis last mentioned morning was the lOlh ol June, In consequence of their conversation, he went for the gun; looked for it, bul could not find it. Nu induce* mellis wer« held out by witness lu Sttung to confess on Hie evening of the lôiii, or tit uny other time. He went up stairs to see Strung on the evening of the loi li, in ronsequeiice of u message from Strang by the 1 umkev. By Mr. Oakley.-Does not recollect of even having held out uny inducement lo bim whatever. Had ulwuys told Strang not to confess to him, as he did no1 wish lo be a witness. Might have told bim on the evening of the 15th, that by the talk out of doon theie wai testimony lo convict. But has lind so many conversa- tion willi bim, Hint he cannot recollect. Thiuki that lifter Strang had confessed to him first, he might have told bim thal ii wus impossible for lum In get clear that there was no hope for linn, and it wai uieless for lo make nny defence, and thal he had done right to- wards hi« Maker and society, by confessing. Ile wai confident he mid Strain; ttiii after he hud made hil voluntary coitfeision, Mr. Russel wns in the bullit of f ¡siting Hie prisoner frequently; he was a member of the Uland Jury. Severul member« of Ihe Uinud Jury visited bim. I!e dd no1 know tim! the whole grand I went into Hie prison, and examined Strong er oath, as he was no1 admitted among them. Win, Russell sworn, mid examined by Mi. Oakley. -Wni one of the grand jury which found the bill against Strung, Strang wai «worn and examined. In thefiist place they found a bill against Strang before visiting him al all. Then a committee of-six called on him, in order lo find out what they could respecting llie woman. Then Hie grund jury wem in a body, and he wai sworn und examined with regard lu Mn. Wliipple altogether. Does not recollect that any thing was said lo him at that lime, inti- mating llie op iiion of the grund jury as to Ins own guilt, Mr. Livingston rose, and mid, that before lie pro- ceeded lo Hie opposite counsel, he begged leave to introduce a witness who could communicate a fact directly removing the nbjeittoti. The fact had just been¡cuiiiinunicnled to them, thut Strang Lad declared, since his confessions, that he mude tin m from motives other limn those alleged now in his behalf; und if any inducement had been offered, it would affect every subsequent confession. . Joint R. Williams wai thereupon cnlled and sworn. He bud bud a conversation willi Sirene, in the coime of « hlch he asked him the reason n hy he lind not made hil confession earlier. Strang said-(Here his testimony was objected lo, and be wai directed to stand aside.) Mr. Fool then rose in reply to Mr. Oakley, and contended that the objection inisnd by the pi ¡loner's counsel was no1 sound. It was evident that Hie enn feisions of Strang bad been wrung from him by re- morse and atingí of a « nilly conscience, rather iban by inducements, or any motives of interest which could have been offend. And if ao, they were he token, under nu expresnd rule from Chiltv, one of the annie attllinrilie« which had been cited hy lite counsel opposite, Mr. Foot proceeded, mid uttempted lo show that there were other points in ihe present case which rendered the position of the counsel un- tenable. Mr. Foot also proceeded to vindicate lite course that had been taken by Mr. Cole. (Here the Court remarked, Ihut none but the Coroner lind a tight to institute an inquisition. If Mr. Cole had examined Strang as one of the family, for they pur- pose of eliciting information ni lo the suspicious per- sons whom Strang had declared lo have seeti about ihe premises, it wai perfectly right mid proper. Mr. Foote contended that that wai the case. Siring had spoken much of such persons nboitt Hie bouse, and had stated io when on the coroner'« jury,) In reply to the argument of Mr. Oakley, that if once any inducement bad been offered to induce a confession, it mnst be taken for f milled, at affecting all subsé- quent confessions, the counsel contended not, but ihnl such inducements, not in manner and form, hut in effect, mull have been expressly offered «tench successive confession. (The Court here intimuled Ihnl there wai no evidence before them of nny prior confession at all, nor of any threat! or inducement! - offered hy Mr. Vnu Rensselaer, or Mr. Becker, or by any of the grand juron. Nor »vai lhere Buy evi- dence of uny confession.) Mr. Foot then «aid, be was aiming lo establish the point, that prior induce- fC mend could not be applied lo any iiibseqiient confes- H .ioni whatever-that to exclude a confenion, the * t I confenion must have «ome out al the time the induce- on r ' uieui waa offered, Tbe Court nid that na* the paint -^ jury uiidei ami tiley now u»«V-flood each tiber ; kuri ilie'raaa. iel proceeded ,10 a.riese .examination of all the facts disclosed iii leitjmuiiy upon this branch ol'the invei. I ¡galion. Hi« conclusions were-.-1st, Thill the con- versations on Sunday were io lung pi ¡or to the cou. fessiúiii ai not to brintr them within the rule: 2d, That the confession must come out in the same con- venation which the inducement offered ; 3d, That the Court mus! he convinced thal he wits openited upon by the inducement offered ; 4th, Thal lhere wus no false facl Haled lo billi lo indice bim lo confe-s; 5th, That if any inducement was offered by tbegiand jury it wai iteulmliced by the fuel thal the prisoner wus repeatedly cautioned 'ugniusl eliminating himself. The counsel then proceeded to argue the point oi their right to introduce witnesses lu prove from the decla- rations of Strang, thal his confessions were not made ¡u consequence of any inducements offered him. Mr. Oakley rejoined- cited additional authorities, and drew sundry distinctions between the circumstance! of the present cuie and those comeinpliticd by Hie rulei adduced by the pioiecutiou-and concluded by opposing the «¿minion of the testimony offered in regard to Strung'» deuluiRtioinr, us lo Hie reason« which operated upon him in milking his confession». The fact, whether he had been operated upon by (hose inducement», wss a presumption of iuw fur Hie Court to decide. 'Ihe hour of 11 having fussed, mid the Court having been in session since 9 o'clock, with Hie exception of a recess of one hour, and ni older lo do justice to all parliei, the Court here remarked, thal ihey should direct a recess for délibération. Four constables wtie then cnlled to attend the j my, to keep ilicm together -provide proper refreshments, fcc, and biing them ¡uto Court ut y o'clock to-morrow morning, tu winch hour tit« Court adjourned. FltlDAV, JULY 27. The Court re-assembled lins morning al 9 o'clock, a when, ¡li Joint O. Cole wns nguiu colled upon the stand, mid h re-examined by the prnseouiiuii. At 10 o'clock on If ihe Sunday nighl after Sirnng's commitment, witness culled lo see Illili a! his ou ii request. He then cau- tioned bim Ihut whnlever he might say, iii list be said voluntarily. Due« not recollect that lie told Stiot'g, in express'tenus, that he bad nothing to expect by turning State's evidence, hut said so in substance. He told him I hat be did mil come theie io ubinia enn feisions. Tilts wus after Mr. Van Rcinseluor bad been there. Mr. Esleeck (now on the bench) wus there. Welcome Esleck, Esq. was then sworn, and con- firmed the statement of Mi'. Cole. Judge Duer l lie ti proceeded lo give the opinion of this Court, upon the question raised by the pi ¡»oner's counsel yesterday, relative lo the adiiiissihility of Strang's confessions. It »ns a rule of Iuw, thut any consideration» of fear, favour, or interest, held out lo a prisoner, would rendel confessions inadmissible, if ?uch confessions were consequent upon those induce- ments. It ia nh>o ii rule, Ihut future confessions of Ihe mine fuels ure equally inadmissible, because Ihey would pro hu lily lie produced by a eriiiliiiilit lion of the impression» winch fit st induced them. Bul the question before the Cou it wus, whether in. iliiceMietils were held forth ut u former lime, when lhere wui no confession. The method ol' testing the question is, lo inquire w belber, im 7iew of ull the fuels, Hie confession was ii uiiiiseqtitiiue of llie al- leged inducements, or such as lo raise u clear belief thal those inducements were Ihe direct and immedi- ate caine of the confession. The learned Judge bete went ¡ulna particular examination of Ihe auiboriiies adduced lint evening by Hie counsel of Hie respective parties, and applied tin in to I lie casein hand. Fioiu the bust coniuleiminn thal Hie Conn bud been uble to give Hie case, ¡I did not appear that u previous in- fluence was hoi considered liable lo the operation of ¡ ihe rule of law relied upon io rejeci Hie confession». The alleged inducement« In Id Iori li to Sinnig mint j hilve been lliuse held turill by Judge Vuu Itcimselncr, 7 I or those by the grund jury, li those ludiiccmenl* were»iiflicieui to produce the confession--yet toe testimony of Messrs, Cole und Es1, ck Hun he wu« re- peatedly admonished not to crimiiuilr bim,eil', would nein U have been sufficient io coiiuteiaut ihe influ- ence of the lilley ed iiidiiceuiciiu. As lo tho examina. lion of the prison, r by the giuud juiy, iii the case of Mrs. Wliipple, it was clea.ly rigui. In i lie mu mer in which ii was conducted, it wus also strictly legul and proper--¡I was iiliciuled neither with tlueui» nor promiset. Ou the whole view ol (lu- case, the Coui I thought Hie confession» ol' the prisoner did no1 come under the objecliiio made hy nie counsel foi thtt p. i soaei, mid Hie Conn inereloie decided Unit Ibu cou Itssiom of the prisoner were adiuisnlile us evidence. John Bicker .va« theieni.oii le-cnlnnl by the pio leciiiioti, -On Wednesday «vening, the 15th ol .lune, Mr. Strung sent lor hint. On entering ihe room, Strang said, lie lind sent for. bim lo make a eoiil«rssi»n, us h« was so full lie should buist. Ile amil be hail purchased u nile willi the e\pic*s view ol slio iting Air. Wiiipple, mid be bad had tout pl.tu in his mimi lor allom mx months. Hu then proceeded lo stale elie pinn« »men be adopted lo millie the pilli iu believe that'll« had nul dom- it. Ile tunk liic rifle- home, loaded it und kept it lu the suhle, and on the evening when he commuted the murder, lie weui to Iowa for the ex. prest purpose of deceiving the public- pitichusul ?ome cloth tor pantulooiis, mid also bongin sume un of spike; mid in ten minnies aller he left tlie apothe- cary's shop, he believed bo bud shot Wliipple. Ile went bo.ne-wein io Hie stable, got Hie rifle, suw a light in Whipple'a windon, thought be was theie. Took a box, aud rntseil it up ayatnst i be shed o« end. Wit- ness. Ila« liirgotieu wneo ne told lum linn he pulled oil' his bool». When he ascended llie box, lie luid Ins rifle in i li o eu ves-trough ol' Hie alud-usceiided the shed, stepped io Hie window, and saw Mr. W.tip- ple sitting; stepped back aud took Ins piece, return- ed lo the windon, cuckoo, his piece, look deliberóte aim, and fired. Ile li in id Mr. Wliipple exclaim, "Oil Lorn !" He tiirew Ins nile from the shed, mid in jumping after it ubtiosl bioke his nec't-seized the gun, mid ran to Hie head ol the sheet, hid itie piece, letiiiued to the IVhneliull-ioad, where be tell iii with Hie peopm going to Hu- house; joined ill.in un J relumed. Ile likewise stated linn lie bud previously purchased souie uisenie, which \> Ile lins generally staled, in nil Ins confessions, ih.it Mrs, Wliipple »as lit the bottom ol' Ihe whole. The annley wnli which he pin chined ibu rifle, he suid, be bud borrowed i.l Ulis. Wliipple. Here Hie proucihoii rested. The Cuni.---Mr. Oakley, the case is with you, Mr. O.ikh'y.- We nave mulling lo sin. Mi. Pepper.---tVe have dune every ¡hing thal we consider nour duly tu do. His Honor J nil-e Uuer then committed the cause lo the Jury, in au able mid lucid uiiiniiei. After :i few prefatory remarks upon the eu..unity of the offence charged in Hie indicloie.it, ami laying down llie law ol murder, und the circumstances necessary to consti- tute, the crime, »uch us Hie luce of killing with ma- lice prepense, defining wlial ia neeessiuy to cousti 'tute such malice, ins. Hie Judge luok up and exam- ined the exfranrrinnlry cbuin ol Icsiiinouy which bud been adduced by l. te prosecution, mid ti need it, link by link, li oin the beginning n. the ti nul mid lulal cou elusion. The circi'iiiisinutiul lest limey wa> examined and applied lir*ff nod independently of the confession of the prisoner..-Hie Whole tending clearly an.I dis- tinctly lo condun the nulli of these c.nlossioiis-the confessions, ui Hie sume lime, in far ns they go, accu- rately ugrviuhg 'with «lie circiiinsiaulial testimony. The charge wits clear a id iiii|iaiii.il,.lint could not be otherwise than »trougiy. nguiu»!, ll|t>prisoner, li was concluded'ut a quarter past 11"o'clock n. ni. «heit the juiy retired. Aller being tttisiut i¿9 minuit«, they returned »jib n verdict of Guilty. The prisoner received Hie verdict vtiihuut n chung» I of countenance, or iiLrilaliou. 