I THB PHANTOM HAND. "I see a hand you cannot see, Which beckons me away!" J» a lonely part of the bleak and rm-ky const o f Scotland, there dwelt a bring, who was designated hy ¿e few who knew anil lo irud him, the Warlock futter. He was, in truth, a singular and a fearful JJ man. For years hu ha.I followed hi» dangerous ¿CUHttion alone, adventuring forth in weather fbiroippalted the stoutest of the stout heart« that occasionally exchanged a word with him, in passing y and fro in their mutual employment. Of in» lime, birth, or descent, nothing was known ; lint ile fecundity of conjecture had supplied an unfailing jock of materiel on these points. S mie sa d he was ¿ederil incarnate; others »aid he was a Dutch man, (twine other " far-away foreiffiicr," who hail lied to diese comparative solitudes for shelter, fruin the re- ! Iribution due to some grievous crime ; and all «reed, that he was neither a Scot mir a true men. In outward form, however, he was »till a " model uf ! man," tall, and well-made; though in years, his uinral strength was far from being abated. His nutted Mack hair, hanging in elf-locks about his ears ind ihoulders, together with the perpetual sullen jo« which seemed native in the expression of fca lures neither regular no- pleasing, gave him an ap. Miranee unendurably disgusting. He lived alone, ¡jahovel of his own construction, partly scooped "ut of a rock-was never known to have suffered a ¡"tor tiilhin its walls-to have spoken a kind word, rdoneu kind action. Once, indeed, he performed .nact which, in a less ominous being, would have [ten lauded as the extreme of heroism. .In a dread folly «lonny morning, a fi-.hing-bo.it »as seen in ([tat distress, making for the shore-there were a fither and two sous in it. The danger became ¡in Client, as they neat ed the rocky promontory of the jj,her-and the boat upset. Wosiicn and boys were (creaming and gesticulating from the beach, in all tie wild and useless energy of despair, but assistance ««nowhere to be seen. The father afid one of the hi» disappeared for ever ; but the younger hoy vessel- By accident, the Warlock Fisher came to tie door ol'hi* hotel, saw the drowning lad, and jjnjed instantaneously into the sea. For .«.orne »mutes he was invisible amid the angry turmoil ; lathe swam like an inhabitant of that fearful elc lïnt, and bore the buy in f afety to the beach. From filigue or frar, or the effects of both united, the poor |iii died fliortly afterwards; and his grateful reía Inés industriously insisted, that he had been blighted ntl« grasp of his unhallowed rescuer ! Towards the end of autumn, the weather fre- quently becomes so broken and storn-y in these urls, as to render the sustenance deni ed from fish. iij extremely precarious. Against this however, the Warlock Fisher was provided ; for, earing little tor rtallier, and apparently less for life, he went out in ill seasons, and was known to De absent for days, during the most violent storms, »hen ever) hope of leeing him again was lo-.t Still- nothing harmed lim : he came drifting back again, the same way win!, unfc.irmg, unhallowed animal. To account for lim, it was understood that lie was in connexion with smuggleis; that his days ol'absence were spent in their service-in reconuoitering for their safety, and assisting their prédations Whatever of truth there might he iu this, it was well known that the j Warlock Fidler never »anted ardent spirits; and so ^ free waa he in their u»c and of tobacco, th:it he has leen heard, in a long and dreary winter's evening, «rolling songs in a strange torgue, with all the fer luur ufan inspired bacchanal. It has been said, too, ' it&uch; times he held strange talk with some who iicver answered, deprecated sights which no one else «mid tee, and exhibited the fury of an outrageous maniac. It wa* towarla the close of an autumn day, that a lill young nian was seen surveying the barren rocks, lad apparently deserted shores, near the dwelling uf tie fiihir. ile wore the inquiring aspect of a stran- aer, and yet his step ind caled a previous ac- quaintance with the scene. The sun »as Hinging his £ultle*t radiance on the rolling oce.in, as the youth »ceúiled the rugged path which led .to the Warlock Fisher's hut- He surveyed the door fur a moment, u if to be certain of the spot; and then, with one «trobe uf his foot, dashed the dour inwards. It was stamp and teuanth ss. The stranger set down hit lundie, kindled a fire, and remained in quiet pos letsiun. In a few hours the fisher returned. He »urted involuntarily at the sight of the intruder, «Ixt »prang to his feet, ready for any alternative. "What seek you in my hut?" said the Fisher. "A shelter for the, night-the hawks are out." "Who directed you to me ?" " Old acquaintance !" "Never saw you with my eyes-shiver mc! But wrer mind, you look like the breed-a ready hand toil alight heel, ha ! All's right-tap your keg !" No toi.ner said than. done. The keg was broached, ?vi a good brown basiu of double hollands was liimnmig at the lipa of the Warlock Fisher. Tie Granger did himself a similar service, and they frew friendly. The fisher could not avoid platine tis hand before his e\ es once or twke, as if wishful toaroid the keen gaze uf the stranger, who stiil j {tal the fire with fuel and his host with hollands. Reserve wat at length annihilated, and the fisher jo «larly.said ? Well, and so we're old acquaintance, ha ?" "Ay," said the young man, with another searching flanee. <>'! wa« in duuht at fir.t, but now I'm cer- tain." "And what's to be done ?" taid the Fisher. .An hour after midnight you must put me on fcoard--'a boat, she'll he abroad. The'il run a light to the mast-bead, for which you'll steer. You're * food hand at the helm in a dark night and a rough *ea," was the reptv. «How,it Iwilfnotj" ",Theu-your life or mine.'" Tory sprang to their feet simultaneously, and an immediate encounter seemed inevitable. "Ptha!" said the Fisher, sinking on his seat, "«hat madness this is! I was a thought «arm with liquor, and the recollections of past times were rising Writs once before," and he ground his teeth in rage '-"Ve»,once-but in a shriller voice than your'»! ^.«Ktinies, too, the bastard rises to my view ; and ,'taa 1 smite him so-bah ! give u« another basin full!" ' H stuck short at vacaucy, snatched the heve Ifffrom the stranger and drank it off. "An hour *Htt midnight, said ye ?" "Worse-may be worse!" muttered the Fisher, jinking into abstraction, and glaring Wildly on the 'flielterinjj embers before him. ' "Why, how's this?" said the stranger. "Are j )oursenses playing bo-peep with the ghost of some pigeon hvcred coast captain, f h Ï Come, take another ¡ pull at the keg to dear your head-lights, and tell us »bitof )ouf dilly." ; Ttie Fisher took another draught, and proceeded v "About five and-twenty years ago, a stranger fun« lo this hut-may the curse ol' God annihilate him!"_ .' Amen to that." said the young «nan. * He brought with him a boy and a girl, a "purse «..told, anil. -the arch fiend's tongue, to tempt . me ! Well, it was to take these rhildreu out to sea «pset the boat-and lose them ! " And you did so !" interrupted the stranger. <(I tried-hut listen.- On a fine evening, I took "'em out: thesun sunk rapidly, and I knew by tin» freibening of th« breeze, there would be a storm. I | wa» not mistaken. , It caine on even faster than I ï*ahed. The children were alarmed-the boy, in particular, grew suspicious ; he insisted that 1 had '»n object in going out so far at sun-set. 'I his irri wtnhne,-mid I rose to smite him, when the fair *"l interposed her fragile form lietween tis. Sha *era*tiK'dfor iiieicy, and clung to my arm with lh° ¡jesjreration of despair. / could not thtU.e her off! «?he boy had tile spirit of a man ; he seized a piece °f * »par, and struck mc on the te.nplcs. * How, you »lilian'."said he, «your life or mine!' At that ino geut the boat upset, and we were all »drift. "The '**y I never saw again-a tremendous sea broke be . tween us-hut th? wretched girl clung to nie like «late! ramMpatinn '.-her dying scream is ringing in ."»ears like'm.idness ! I "truck her on the forehead, *nd the.sank-all but her hand, one little white '.Und would not sink ! 1 threw myself on my back, *0d *lruik at it with bulb my feet-i>nd theil I ?aoujht it stink for ever. I made the shore with difficulty, for t was stunned and senseless, and the ¡Kean heaved as if it would have washed away the >inm»rtal world-and the lightning blazed as if all .bell had rome to light the scene of w.u/are ! I h ive "tier since uecu on tiis sea at midnight, hut that hand h,* fo1!oite4 or ffttJei cm ; 1 har? bsrer -." Here he stink down f'om Ins feet, mid tolled himself in agony upon llie ilnnr " I'oor wrttth1 * mutti re I llio «trnnircr, " whit binders now my In tg sought v macuico ' 1 ven with my font-but thuu «halt share my tuurdcied sister's gnve ' * "A shot h fired-look out for the light'" said the yoting man 'lite li slier went to the doar, but suddenly stjrtcd bark, J ispin<; Ins li ittds bt lure Ins flee " Tire anti brun-Jonc ' there it is vain '" he cried " H hat,M said ins companion, looking looly rouml han « That infernal hand ' Lightnings bia t it' - but tint's impossible," he added, in a fcirful under tain., »Inch sounded as ti som» ot I c eternal rotksiround lum w re adding st response to Ins intpritati «is " that s nnpussibli ' it is a part of tit m-it Ins been ho for ye tr-.-darkness coal J not shroud it distince could not «rp watt it Iront my burning t jo balls'-awrike, it win there- islet p, it flickered nul bltzed bcturc ttip'-rit his brett ittv lock i he ni through life,and it will beril 1 mc to bril' So sty tug, he pressed ins sinewy hand» upon Ins face, tod buried Ins he-ul hetvven Ins knees, till the rock lie neath bim seemed to shake with ins tincouti tillable agony "Agttn it beckons nie' »did he, stvrtmg up " ten thousand fins are blazing in my bt irt-. n my brant '-where, uhure can 1 be wot st.' i lunl, I defy thee'" " I see nothing," sat I hi-, compi non willi una' terible composure "\ou see nothing'" tlttind red the Tislitr, with mingling sarctsm and Itirj-"took fiore1' ile snatched Ins hand, and pointing sit tdilv into tue gloom igtiii murmured," Liok tbeic' lotk tittie'" At that moment the l^hlmng blazul around willi appalling hnllitncy, and the t.trin" wh te b tn I, pointing tremulously upw r Is " 1 saw it there," said be, " hut it is not hcrt ' Infatutted, abandoned villain'" he continued, with inepressihic energy "it is not my slater's hand no ' it is the mt,traite fiend's who tempted you, and who now waves you to perdition-bedout together ' ' He aimed a drendful blow at the astonished I isltrr, vvl o uistinctnely avoided the strode Malu il y wound up to the liiglu st pitch of an¿rr, they crip- pled culi the other's thrott, set their f tt, ml striincd for the throw, which wis inevitably to bin y both ni the wild waves beneitli A flint shuck u is I lie in), .nid a gibbering, as ut in my viM.es, came * j ilultirin, around tilt ni 'Clutter on'" said the Fisher, "lie joins you now' ' 5 " Together-it »ill be to¿i ft r'' s-i'd the stttn * I ger, as »tilt t I ist desperat«1 cd >rt be beut b s i lv r e i sary backw trd Iront the hotline, tliil Tue va ce oí the I'islier sounded hoarse ly in cxt trallon, -is tiny dtslie into the sea toe,t ther , but «It it lit said tas drowned ni tlie bowser murmur ot the itj>las!uti¿ surjrc ' 1 he body of the »ti ni,cr » i- I tmiii on the next morning, flinty far up o t tin rocky shore-but tint o the tutu derer «u,, tue lor evti ' i lie supers i lions petsautiy ol the nci¿libouth jod still eon>i 1er the i>ji it as liaunte I, and at midnight, when the »aves dash fitfully an tin t the penluus trigs, and the bleak winds sweep with Ion.; and an^ry moan -Hound Hiern, ihiy still h"lr the gib bering vi tecs ol the ttenils, and the ni util execra- tions of the Warlock. Itsber'-hut, aller that te tittil night, no mut ever saw mt piiinto*! iiisd1 Literary Majnet 