r j? t lou ln'a'tdrellied bower. : pidoga~ d o'er the darkeningdeep,; S..Je c1boyli calm the twiglit 'hoiir " -'?e over 6ursrheaiits like sleep; - jI } . ? 'edrea.rt of the "-banks and bonny braes, " ad.gladaenedi ur c'hildhooid's calrel4s'ddys. h, te'f ct? e my isde that sat, Was W i , aWl boyplhoýe pIath. had gone \- ° .: " tt b h'deftlds antd flowere of .joy-that fate e 'mobther had smiled upon ! f TIad"' for the time ,whenour hopes have, wings, ".t, : i men Memory to Grief like a Syren sings. !. ' home had been on the.stormy shore. . c:., ftAlbitD's' mountain land ? " s ?fl"ear,wks tutnedl to the breakers oar, S.,,An4d he loved the bleak sea sand '" .. Md eleth the torrent's din, and the howhag'briee, S Hldrall his soul'sawild sympathies! . S fijeyhad. told haim. tales of the sunny lands S That rose o'er the Indian seas, 'were gold shone sparkling from river sands, ;., aqd strange fruit bent the trees.; They had wiled him away: from'his. father's lieaith,, With its light of peace, and its voice of mirth I Now the fruit and the river gems were near, . And he strayed 'neath the tropic sun ; S'A.'t the voice of promise that thrilled in' his 'car, ' that .joyous time was gone ; : AtId thel hope he had chased-'mid the wilds of night. H.: Had melted awvay, like a fire fly's light. . Oh I have watchedbhim, gazing long, Where the homeward vessels lay; Cheating. sad thoughts with some old song, ':And-wiping his tears. away. Oh 'well I knew that that weary breast, Lice the dove of'the deluge,"pined for rest i There was a " worm i' the' uid," whose fold . I el-lfied the-leech's art ;. C .onsumption's hectic plaugue-spot told ,The tale of a broken heart ; .The boy knew he was dying,-but the sleep Of death is bliss to those that "' watch'and'weep." .He died ; butMemory's wizard power, "With' its ghost-like train had come, To the dark heart's ruins at that last: hour,' . And he' mirmured " Home; home, home !'` ` U`~!nd his, spirit passed with its' happy dream, .Like a bird in :the track of a bright sun-beaml: S Ol, talk' of spring to the trampled flower,.. 'Of. light to the fallen star, SOf lory to those that in danger's hour SLie cold on the.fields of war.. : But ye mock the exile's heart when ye tel1t Of aught but thehome where it pines to dwelll, 