DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Supreme Court.—Monday, December 31. Ex parte ROBERT WARDELL, Doctor of Laws, for a Rule to show cause, why a criminal information should not be filed againit ALEXANDER M'LEAY, Esquire. IN the above case, which was postponed for the de- cision of the Court, in order to afford their Honors an opportunity of looking over the affidavits on which the application was made, from Friday last to this morning, the Chief Justice dclivired the following observations : THE CHIEF JUSTICE.—This is an application to the Court for a rule, calling upon Alexander M'Leay, Es- quire, Sceretary of the Colony, to shew cause, why a criminal information should not be granted against him, for causing a certain Order, entitled a Government Order, to be inserted in the Sydney Gazelltte, on the 14th day of December last ; and which Order, it is sworn by the party applying for the Rule, Robert Wardell, Doctor of Laws, contains a charge of factious and improper conduct against the deponent. In ordinary cases, the single point for the consideration of the Court would be, whether a sufficient prima facie case had been made out, to induce the Court to call upon the party accused, to shew cause against the Rule being made absolute. But it is impossible for the Court not to perceive, that the act imputed to the Colonial Secretary, is that of an Officer of the Government, and that it might have been performed under a sense of duty on his part, and under the immediate authority of his superior. We do not mean from this to deduce the inference, that the Colonial Secretary is shielded from the responsi- bility of being party to any act, by which any one of His Majesty's subjects may be injured in his person or character. It is a maximum of the English law, that the King can do no wrong; but it is an inseparable con- comitant of this maxim, that the King can do no act by which his subjects may be prejudiced, without some responsible adviser. It has been truly said by the highest legal authority, " that the Governor is in the nature of a Viceroy, and therefore, locally, during his government, no civil or criminal action will lie against him." But, as the orders of the Sovereign would fur- nish no protection to an Officer, carrying such orders into effect, further than they might be sanctioned by law, it necessarily follows, that the Governor cannot be invested with a power superior to that of his Sovereign, and that His Excellency's Orders cannot afford an im- munity, unknown to the laws of the land. Applying these principles to the case before us, we should examine the matter charged as libellous upon its owu merits, and see how far the Colonial Secretary may have been a party to its publication, without reference to his official station in the Colony. There are, how- ever, circumstances, which have been lately and power- fully impressed upon our judicial cognizance, which we conscientiously shut out of our consideration, and which we feel ourselves at liberty, if not called upon, to notice in a particular manner. DURING the late trials for libel, our attention was di- rected to the state of the Press in the Colony; and from the copious references that were made to its daily pro- duction, as well to make the animus an intention of the libellous matter on the part of the Crown Officers, as on the part of the defendant to impeach the motives of the prosecution, we could not fail to observe, that the tone and temper manifested by the newspapers in their discussions, were exceedingly ill suited to the small so- ciety and mixed population of this Colony, and were cal- culated to sow the seeds of disunion and discontent amoungst its inhabitants.-We scrupulously abstained from any expression of our opinion upon this evil ten- dency of the public Journals in the Colony at the time of the trials, because it might have had a prejudicial and improper effect upon the minds of the Jury, in consid- ering the immediate subject matter of the prosecutions. -But the trials being over, and His Majesty's Attorney General having informed us, that it is not his intention to proceed any further in similar prosecutions for the present ; we will avail ourselves of the first opportunity which has been afforded us, of expressing our entire dispprobation of the style and manner of discussing public measures in this Colony.-It is impossible to say, that the press has not transgressed the bounds of fair and temperate discussion-and an intemperate press is no less opposed to the mild laws under which we live, than it is to the good sense, the good taste, and the sober feelings of society.-It is one of the advanta- ges of the excellent Institution of Juries, that the Judges in their charges to Grand Inquests, have an opportunity afforded them, of alluding to any offences which, in the course of their circuits, may more particularly attract their notice, and call for their especial animadversion.— The effect of these occasional admonitions, are very sal- utary upon the public ; and have a direct influence in restraining the excesses of particular times and places.— In this Colony, from the peculiar structure of the Su- preme Court, we have no such opportunity afforded us.— But we feel that we are acting in strict accordance with the spirit of constitutional law, and that as the Judges of the land, we are in imperiously called upon, to interpose our authority, and in the most public manner to notice and condemn any practice, which, in our opinion, may violate the law, outrage the feelings, or disturb the peace of the commnunity.-In these observations, we desire to be understood, not to allude to any particular publication, or to any individual person.-We condemn what we consider to have been a general practice, in the same manner as it is condemned and forbidden by our law. And we would earnestly recommend all those persons in whose hands the press of the Colony is placed, to be more guarded in the use which they make of it. They are to a certain degree, intrusted with the springs of Public opinion-they hold a powerful influence over the peace and good-will of society-it is their moral duty, no less than their legal obligation, to conduct their discus- sions with firmness, temper, and moderation.—The law protects them within these limits ; beyond them, they become criminals in the eye of the law, and disturbers of the .public peace.—Reverting to the case more imme- diately before the Court, the remarks we have bean called upon to make, have no further appllication to it, than this-the rule which is now sought is, in our opinion, calculated to renew discussions and revive feelings, which it were better should he suffered to subside.— We shall therefore defer making any order upon the ap- plication before the Court, until the ensuing term. Ex parte William Wentworth, Esq. for a Rule against Alexander M'Leay, Esquire. The Chief Justice.—l'his application is similar in its nature to the one we have just disposed of.—Mr. Wentworth will feel the force of the reasons we have assigned, for not disposing of the application upon its nerits—it is to afford time for feelings to subside, which it is important to the public, in whose name the present proceedings are sought to be instituted, should not be agitated at presentt.—We shall therefore defer our deci- sion upon it, until next term. ABORIGINAL FEAST.—On Wednesday last, the Aborigi- nal feast was held at Parramatta. An unusually thronged attendance of the Natives took place, owing probably to the execution of the murderer "Jackey, Jackey," more generally known by the name of "Tommy," which oc- curred on the previous Monday. As our laws are based upon reform and example, and not upon retributive jus- tice, we think had the malefactor been reprieved until the day after this feast, and then executed in the pre- sence of his sable compatriots, the end of his punish- ment would have been more fully answered. But the man is gone, and it is not our intention here to cavil at the act which cannot now be rendered. We shall proceed therefore to a description of the Aboriginal fete. At the usual hour, His Excellency and suite attended the feast, which, according to old English custom, consisted of substantial beef and bread; a fare, that if we may judge from the execution which immediately followed its appearance in the sable circle, was as congenial to New Holland appetite, as to the Antipodean gout of our Druidical ancestors. The demolition of "rounds" and "sirloins" being accomplished, a distribution of blankets and wearing apparel succeeded, in which we observed, that a novel but improved system was adopted. Each Chief stood forward by the desire of the Governor, and all being congregated in a select company, every one received a hat for himself, and a handkerchief for his Chieftainess. The several articles of clothing intended to be bestowed, were then handed round, while the Go- vernor, made minute inquiries of each, into the state of his or her family, the place where they were accustomed to "sit down," with other inquiries, which intimated, that His Excellency took a laudable interest in the affairs of these primitive Lords of the Soil, becoming the Go- vernor of Australia. After the mandibles and wearables had been distributed in such a manner as to elicit dis- tinct proofs of satisfaction in the countenances of these children of nature, the General and Suite retired to Government-house, to enjoy an entertainment of a higher order, while the contented blacks fell back to their humble bivouack in the streets of Parramatta. POLICE. SYDNEY.—Sarah Brown, well known by the name of Jack the Lagger, appeared before the Bench, charged with having absented herself from the 3rd Class in the Factory, leaving her disconsolate compa- nions, to mourn her absence for the last six months, as appeared on evidence.. The heroine, who we remember having seen on a formcr occasion under a similar charge, habited in the costume of a sailor, for which she seems to be well adapted, not only refused to inform the Bench, but was extremely insolent. Sentenced to be returned to the 3rd Class, for the space of three years. MICHAEL DONNELLY, Thomas Cavenah, and John Calull, three capital respites, appeared to answer the charge of being run-a-ways from Port Macquarie. It appeared from the evidence of one Hinton, a Barrack constable, that the men in question had committed a robbery, and had taken the bush to evade the punish- ment of their crime. That Hinton pursued them in the bush, and succeeded in capturing Calull, after some shots had been exchanged, by one of which, his prisoner had been severely wounded in the arm. The other two escaped, but were shortly after taken. He swore dis- tinctly to the three prisoners. Sentenced to be conveyed to H.M. Hulk, until the pleasure of His Excellency is known as to their future abode. MARGARET WILCOX, free, was charged with bestow- ing that liberty she so lightly appreciated herself, on a certain portion of the grape's seductive juice, which Margaret considered had been in confinement too long. The ungenerous spirit, however, soon took possession of a new lodging, to the total disarrangement of poor Maggy's cranium, for which she was sentenced to pay the sum of five shillings, or in default of payment, to be placed in rather an inconvenient and novel position in the Market-place for four hours. TWELVE men attached to the Mineral Surveyor's De- partment appenred to make complaints of their Over- seer. The ground of the complaint was, the hard work they had to perform, the short ration allowed them, and not being permitted to work for their own emolument in their spare time. For the preservation of good order, it is necessary not to allow these men to be lurking about the town under the pretence of seeking work; there ought however to be a distinction made. The Superintendant of the Police recognized one of the complainants, as a man of integrity and industry, when under his command at Newcastle. The complaint, after due consideration, was dismissed, there not appearing sufficient grounds to support the charge. (While we do not doubt the industrious among the barrack-inmates are sometimes made to suffer from want of discrimina- tion, with the idle, (it comes to our knowledge that) the Chief Engineer is indulgent and lenient to a fault. The barrack-men are not fed so heartily as they were in Major Druitt's days ; but neither are they so hard worked, nor so severely flogged. We verily believe the barrack-men at this time, impose upon Government, and take advantage of its extreme aversion to corporal punishment. Ed.) As two stockmen were crossing the country from Lake Bathurst to the settlement at Bathurst, to search for strayed horses, they came near to a small pond of water, in which grew reeds, and on one side of which stood a tree. As they came nearer to the tree, they discerned a strange figure leaning against it. They had scarcely advanced their horses a few steps farther when the phantom appear to be like the skeleton of a man, save, that a k?n?l of skin seemed to cover the body, and the lineaments of the visage, and a pair of trowsers the lower parts of the apparition. The men stopped their horses, being horror-struck at the ghastly spectacle, not conceiving what the vision could be. Their fear was increased by their horses who catching sight of the figure, one of them suddenly wheeled round, and the other reared up and almost threw his rider. At length the phantom moved. It stretched out its thin bone of an arm, and plucking the top of a reed, handed it into the inside of its jaws, and the latter exhibiting two rows of teeth, were seen to open and shut as though the figure was eating. It now occurred to the boldest of the travellers, that the figure was no ghost, but a living man, who had either fallen sick on the road, or had lost his way. Accord- ingly, he dismounted, and drew near to the object. He was confirmed in his conjectures. The poor creature was too feeble to be able to articulate. They therefore lifted him on one of the horses, and carried him to a hut distant about half a mile. This hut proved to be the lost man's own dwelling. Before the travellers left, the sick man displayed signs of returning strenth. His two comrades int the hut informed them, he had been twenty-five days lost ; that he had started from home with the intention to go to a hut about three miles off to borrow a seive, since which, although his comrades fired guns and searched diligently for him all round the neighbourhood, they had never been able to fall in with him. The sick man intimated by signs, that after he had left the hut, a storm had overtaken him, and he went into the hollow of a tree. That when he got out, a kind of stupefaction came over him, and he could not by any means tell where he was ; that he wandered about for many days, living on herbs ; until he found the path which led home, but that then, he had become too feeble to walk ; and so had crawled about, living on the succulent tops of reeds and other herbs, until he was found by the two travellers. Mr. Rumker we see, is appointed Government As- tronomer. We hope his salary is not charged to the account of the Colonists, as the Country cannot afford these things at present. England on the other hand is far behind Paris in liberality towards the Sciences. Although our hemisphere has been hid from ancient and modern philosophers since Noah's flood, yet until Sir Thomas Brisbane, England never expended a farthing in Southern Astronomy. Her penuriousness has been equally con- spicuous in exploring this Territory, and reporting on its geography, geology, and mineralogy. In botany, a little has been done. The thunder showers in Argyle, which fell about a month ago, have so far improved the crops there, that in lieu of four bushels an acre, six or seven on the average are now expected to be reaped. It is singular, that in the old Colony, there are some few fields of wheat as heavy crops as were ever known to be reaped. Still the crops generally, are not above a third of a crop, and wheat may be expected to be dear. The ac- counts frmtn V. D. Land prove, that we need expect no supplies from thence this season, the crops having failed there to as great an extent as they have in N. S. Wales, and from the same cause. THERE are two cats in Argyle who display an extra- ordinarv affection for each other. Among other unusu- al marks of attachment, they hunt birds in company. On one occasion they attacked a large crow. (They generally set off together to hunt about night- fall.) The Crow exhibited symptoms of superior strength on being seized by the first grimalkin, but the other, springing upon the ill- fated bird with the ve- locity of the tyger, after a short contest, the crow fell dead at their feet. The Cats always clean each other ; and when they repose, one lies across the other's neck. The Gallery of St. James's Church is undergoing con- siderable alteration to admit of the Organ being removed to its proper place. The expense we are given to under- stand will be but trifling, some £30 or £40. The improvement in the economy of the Church will be very great and the public will presently be able to form a correct opinion of the merits of the Instrument, which, from its present disadvantageous position, independent of the imperfect state which of necessity it remains in, until permanently erected, it is totally impossible to form. Sunday is to be the last day it is to be played on, until removed. TUESDAY being the day appointed for the Annual examination of the children taught in St. James's Sunday School, preparation was made in the old Court-house, Castlereagh- street, for the accommodation of such friends to the Institution, as might feel disposed to witness the improvement of the juvenile Assembly, who made their appearance to the number of about one hundred and fifty, the proportion of the sexes being nearly equal. The utmost regularity prevailed, and the hopes and fears depicted in the visages of the little competitors for the different prizes distributed on the occasion, was truly interesting to witness. After the usual examination, the little party, with their banners waving on high, proceeded under the direction of their teachers to Government- house, where a new source of joy, in the shape of cakes and wine, opened itself to their delighted view ; after which, the youngsters retired to their respective homes in the greatest glee. (From the Hobart Town Courier, Decenmber 22, 1827.) —"WE do not by any means hold with those alarmists who constantly anticipate evil. During the last month, nothing has been more common than melancholy ac- counts of the approaching harvest, of the shortness of grass and pasturage, and depressing forebodings of the consequent scarcity of bread and the absence of beef and mutton. We know that the season has been unusu- ally dry, that the harvest will be below an average crop, and that many of the flocks of sheep, and herds of cattle, have eaten their pastures bare ; but we believe notwith- standing that there is, and will be, sufficient corn in the island for our own consumption, and something to spare. The effect of all this however will we trust be, to ren- der us frugal and economical—to reduce our flocks and herds to a regular and manageable number, and to in- duce among many, a better system of husbandry. We shall learn that it is better to do a little well, than a great deal imperfectly—that a comparatively small piece of ground well tilled manured and fenced, is better than a large one over-run with weeds, and without cultivation or manure to withstand the natural variation of seasons. Thus we know many fields which have been successively cropped with wheat, almost from the first day of the colony, with no other cultivation than that required for scratching the ground to cover the seed ; the crops in these fields, as was to be expected during such a season as this, are all burned up. The land was exhausted, and had neither strength nor moisture to enable the green leaves to withstand the parching heat of the sun. But on the other hand, there are many fields well tilled and manured, carefully sown in season and protected ; and these, even in this defective season, will not fail to repay the husbandman's toil." WE do not wish to discourage the good folks of New South Wales, but the rage for luxury and useless pa- rade—of gigs, horses, servants, wines, &c.; &c.;—it ia high time we say all this vanity should be laid aside. The London price-current which we published the last number but one, exhibited very low prices. But they are still above the REAL market. Woods (shipped by the Mangles) fetched their cost price, namely £373. But the expenses were £.298 !—leaving a return of £.74 out of £.373 ! A small lot of Wool, of fair quality, was sold at 9d. 10d. and 11d. for £.135. The Expenses were £.48—leaving a return of only £.87 !—about 7d. a lb. nett. A parcel of Hides sold for 4½d. ; netting £.184.—Expenses £.44—leaving a return of £.140, about 3½d. nett ! Mr. Levey writes to Mr. Cooper not to buy wool AT ANY PRICE ; such is the low and uncertain state of the wool market. Nothing but frugality and dwarness of money (i. e. contraction of our Bank discounts) can lower colonial wages, and compel people to be frugal ; frugal we mean in building houses and ornamenting farms, as well as in household expenses. If the profits of trade or of forming are in future to be small, (as plainly appears) the people of this Colony must imitate the Presidents of America, and learn to eat treacle sauce, and to drink Payne's beer, with their maize dump- lings, in lieu of Madeira sauce and claret. A man namued Fox, a black and white Smith, lately resident in Prince Street, dropped suddenly dead on Monday last, as he passed thruugh.his yard, thus closing his existence with the termination of the old year. It is generally supposed, that excessive drinking was the proximate cause of his death. The deceased had indulged rather freely during the Christmas holidays ; a time which with too many is regarded rather as the season of riot and debauchery, than as the celebration of a feast to commemorate a portentous and sublime event. Were we disposed to be severe, we could say more, but a newspaper must not indulge in religious declamation. OUR Readers will observe an advertisement in another part of this day's number, in which certain proprietors call a meeting of those who have not signed the new deed of Bank Co-partnership, to consider of such measures as may best promote their interests. We regret much, that so public-spirited a man as Mr. Wentworth, should, under the plea, that a Bank is safest in the hands of a few Directors of wealth, have abandoned the great principle, almost infallible in public Institutions, namely, that numbers alone, secure diligence and integrity. If anything belong to the public, the latter ought to manage it. We suppose Mr. W. will allow this to be morally axiomatic. And if so, will a few, manage it better than a many ?. Those who are IN always say, US FEW ; those who are out say, US few ; but the public say, we will trust none of you in amall quantities ; as a close council, you are all alike ; all mere men ; with numbers, one knave will keep another in check ; and thus, as in algebra and philology two negatives make an affirmative, so knaves, if but sufficiently plentiful, will produce an honest adminis- tration. SPECIAL PLEADING.—In an important cause in the Court of Common Pleas yesterday, Chicf Justice Best again adverted to the abuse of the practice of special pleading ; and observed, while looking at the brief before him, that there were pleas spread over twenty pages, to raise questions which he would be bound to comprise in the space of his hand. He wished that the attention of the public should be particularly called to this evil. ( Times.) 