IMPORTANT CORONER'S INQUEST. RIOTING AND BLOODSHED. At two o'clock in the afternoon of Mon- day, the Coroner, for Sydney, Dr. Hal- loran, convened a Jury, consisting of the following householders; viz. T. VTnntJ foreman, J. .Pearson, J. M'Mahon', W Blake, J. Pritchett;-J.Rooke, T. Stedmah' J. Flood, and R. Chapman, at the Ros« and Crown tavern,, injCostlcrcagh- street, whence the Juryi with the Coroner, pro ceeded to the General Hospital, to take a view of the body of a man' who had expired in the hospital the same morning. Whilst the - Coroner^and the Jury were. viewing the body, there -w^re, present Drs. Bow man and Mitchell, and, ihe Adjutant of the 39th Regiment:^ 'SomV trifling delay oc curred ^rtlie Hospital yard, owing to a majority of tho Jurors objecting to .one- of their number, on the ground of his being ineligible to sit on the Inquest as a Juror. The Coroner being pressed upon the sub- ject, consented to swear in another instead of 'the member objected to; and when the matter had beconic so far satisfactorily ar ranged, the Jury' entered ,the apartment wherein lay the body of^the deceased. There co«iklt.bc^sco,vered but on#wpui|d^' \v-hiCh lay on . the right side of the stomaifct of th'e deceased, a Jitt-le below the heart. It did not appear as if there had been a very considerable effusion of blood from tho wound, which was »mall» and had every appearance of being inflicted by some sharply^ pointed '.instrument. After this, the J.ury, with the Coroner, returned to an apartment in the Rose and Crown tavern,. otid'proceedcd to-hear evidence in the case. Filzpalrick, the Coroner's constable, ten-j tiered,, as, the first witness, Mfr. tfeortri! Morris, innkeeper, who waauaccordihgl sworn.— One -;ofv-the Jury here rose,! submit to the Coroner -the propriety - tltosc persons who had taken their 'seats i the room, being- ordered to retire, on l\ ground of their not being jurors. ' Thei were at this time several military gentl- men present. Save the the solitary jure who had started it, there appeared Vo.t none of the remaining Jurors disposed t support the objection, and the majoril rather expressed themselves anxious tha otherwise, 'that the gentlemen who wei strangers should be permitted to kee their seats... .Tlie Adjutant of the 301 Regiment, upon' this, begged Jo remind tl Corone'r, that' he could have (no$itng jt say in the affair at issue-— tliat' his^jjle el ject in entering the room was mefelyfto I a' hearer ,of what might be passing ;-dnd.l also felt desirous of ascertaining, as far i practicable, whether any of ''his own feg ment ('the o9th) had been concerned in th unpleasant affair about which , thej^jDpui was proceeding to make, .enquiry^ ^wf'$i Coroner .observed, that for hisownVptfrtli was at a Io9fe|p discover any possible ot jection that Tould exist^ for the attendant of any persons who might choose to be present at the Inquest. The Coroner added that, ;to Jiisown knowledge, coroi ers1 courts in England were thrown ope for the admission of every person, indl cnjninately, who chose to attend; and h wa« desirous that this example should' b observed in tire present instance, inasmuc as if any exclusion of individuals were tc lerated, th* public, whether military m#n o civilians, would be apt to consider the judg ment invan illiberal point of view. ' Unoi thin announcement of the Coroner, one o the Reporters to the public Press stenpei forward, and, addressing the Coroner, ob- served, that nothing but ac'tual force shouli oblige him to quifhisseat. The Reporle observed that a coroner's inquest was court of enquiry, and that it could not be legally held, where there were allowed to be closed doors— -adding, further, that itlfai tlis practice in England, on the holdiq* ol coroners inquests, to admit every person who chose to be present. The question was upon this put to tlie vote, when elevei members out of the twelve declared -§ favour of tho Coroner's' and the RepoA- cr'sppinion. „ _ -^ Tl s Coroner remarked that the question w« not eke upon which the Jury were entitled ttfoifit an oi nion, though at the same time he felt gratf lied I at they had arrived at so liberal a conclusion llad ie Jury come to u different conclusion, tbl Coio ;r added, he certain Iy would have exorcised his p:roc.ativo of ordering that evci y, iudivukid straiu r who wai nm? or who did not expe^Jj bo ca :d as a witness, should be permitted to IteS Hia se . IP 'Th' motion being thus ovei ruled, those wfiji had L eh on their legs foi some tune to await thi deten nation of the disputed queition, then m slimec heir seats, and the exununatiou of w|t» ne«be ^as proceeded upon. ' ;. 1 Mr.kco. Morris deposed to the effect followingf YeslMay evonmg (Sunday) abouf seven p'clocfc ^was,hndmg at the door of, my own house U; G('orge»ieet, nearly opposite the Custom-hou^ \\\ hen I Bjsei ved /our persons approaching uptlir btioct, \bo accosted aome pi ivnte soldiurs walking in a bitrtirdiieclioi), in apparently fi lendly ternW I presfiiBy altei heaid the lour civilians use soirt ueiogatiK' teims to Ihe soldiers about ' pipeclay* A light ttween the ciyihaus and the soldiers then nuineilitlly commenced. 'A man named Kershaw was ono&f; the paity of civilians, whom the soli diem, oJ oi more of them, knocked down, and whilst $ the ground, one of the soldiers beU* bourcal an with His bayonet. It' struck meattli) tune th'S the soldiers were .beut on mischief. I was half Reminded by. some persons uiviny liousft to sliullfc tront ^doqr,: at which I was .Btanding, nnd to g|iti,:bu'| (Ueto^hiinedoturemainHiga speq-'; tator ol Rliat was 'going on. '-I«la^tjie'Bume »o.ut soldiers ijucle.1 to ufluck four civiliam;-^,whp wot, peaceablf walking ilorig the.istreef.'/t'h'ey w«J; decent lyiVessud sort of person's, und appeared jfc two to. !» tmdosilien dreEseil.(Hn -'their Suiiday,y|j elothea. '| took no paiticnlrtr/nqtice of their perft boAb beyqd this^ ' I, believe thi^t blows wero ex- changed 'jelweuri Ihe civilfajis' aiid.mililary befort the1 latleiftlrew their .bayonets. I was standing about My yards from ^tKo scene of' the ab,. frayi*'--l| man liershaS*,' on tilling under thJ; blows aiij beats Trotn' tho bayonet, as soon as ij-, was in bisfocnver, -runaway,, and' the numbers pt' civilians lB\ch had '^gathered (ogether on witnw.) ing this al if oqtrngo, became tlioiuB Wos, 'o/M gi-calor pi I'tunSuliuttu i' ll»«lr oxinttf^onv1^ tfidnbt iSfbceSfcto- any acts ot violence.: it was jny impression that some persons' who came up to theseene of ,riot,ywere the- friends of Kersliaw — for upon their interference in the'matter, vjby; way 'of expostulation with the. soldiery, the. latter in stantly' dre^y their hayoriets, and commenced 'charging every person indiscriminately whom they 'could overtake.pr get hold ' of. wjth the samp. I taw a gentlemen of 't he name .of Cohen,' .who was a silent spectator of the outrage', . pursued to the^ .'door of his.own house, by the Soldiers, .with drawn bayonets. . -Whilst I was standing at!* the door of toy own house, the rdeceased . canfle running up to me, and catching holdjpf the collar of my 'coat, exclaimed, as his body was bent in a leaning posture, Twittf one hand on his' side, ?« Oh, my God.' in the hurry of- the 'mornentrand from the sudden agitation :of mind, seeing some straggling soldiers, with their side-arms drawn, and 'running i hi a direction as - if. in- a . pursuit after him', , I told him' to .run round the 'gate of .my premises.; .A^t this time there Were 'at least a dozen persons in'my house, who had run into it fot p'rotectidhi 'd'nd I deemed- it prudent to close Thy door^ It was shortly after I had seen ' the soldiers pursuing ' iome civilians- round .the corner of-the Barrack-lane, near to my, own premises, that deceased came run ning tome. After .the. lapse of some min utes 1 re- opened my door, and then saw a number of 'con ; stables pass the 'corner of the lanefo\vards' my house, coming in thesamedirection as the wounded man- had.- T caljed' to the.m tcTsay that a' wounded man lay under my gateway., t He^vas.. then .-groan? \ng pretty loudly., iThe^bqdy;.waiihe» examined, and found to bear';;tl^^wpund£whieh!'the*Ih- quest has seen. .y^The- nianwas/speecHless-at the time. Means' were instantly, procured to4c'onvey him to the hospital. .. Deceased, in my. judgment, was not one of f he four or five persona who met the soldiers in. thefifst 'instance. Their dress'was very different ' to that vf-hich the deceased wore.^-: The military party were ^very-much, intoxicated, and -very mischievously, inclined. It was impossible tor deceased , from the; time, that elapsed,-to .have gone away and. exchanged. hjs,di;ess?1. .Deceased was dressed in very plain clothing. The four 01 'five persons' who were' in 'dispute with the soldiers were clad very creditably.,.'.! did not see the facing of the soldiers sutl.ciently to tell' the 'regiment they belonged to. ' They werPiri full dress'. . .'?-,??»? Mr. Philip Joseph Cohen,. merchant, residing in Georjjerstreet, deposed, about1 half-past -7 o'clock last evening (Sunday evening) I heard a noise in the. street, which attracted my attention. I saw three soldiers brandishing drawn _bayonets, and : making thrusts at whoever -came near them. They were li»e madmen in their behaviour^ Theanoon was obscured about the time,' so that it is impossi ble for me to. say with; certainty what was - the 1 facing of the soldiers without being close to them, . and that jusj,then would have. beentpb unsafe for me ' 30 hazard. 'A very few 'minutes after; I- saw a man come running towards my own house; ? On reach ing as'^ar as my door he fell-down opposite it; from exhaustion. He had been pursued by soldiers, whom. I saw stab the man. ; I was going to?the assistance of the.poqr-fellow, but was. prevented by a shower 'of stones and brickbats, which were being, thipw|» uppn.the.-sojdiers by the populace, ?which was cpmmeneed the'moment after this 'man was stabbed;* ''Vt'T saw anotherlmari being pursued down the lane^'Jeacling 7 frbm^the, south barrapli gate, -who was stabbed' w.itli a bayonet. The sol jdier who did thisrhad 'no. cap onVt%The man turned the Corner of 'the lane, -andvruhn ing/ towards Mr. George ' Morris'sj proceeded '-PP* the ' y gateway under Mr. M.'spremisesi'Tliis wasdeceased. The eoldier after ' slabbing him .returned towards the barrack gate, and returned into George-street imme diately after, still brandishing his bayonet, and was as violent as ever. ? He made a run towards my house, & entered the gate- of my premises, exclaim ing, ' I have got some bipod, and will have tome more of itj^et.' --- 1 then shut^my door, under an 'apprehension that he was making towards me. with an intention to' stab me also. I ran'up stajrs, not knowing what to expect, and armed myself with a pistol. I saw nothing more of the atTray« On venturing to look out of my upstairs window, the street had become quite tranquil. ? The/e/were ho Boldiers to be seen. The soldier whoriri have de scribed as stabbing deceased, I took -to be an Irish man, from his strong accent. He was rather a Ehort sized man, and was very much in liquor. I think I should know the soldier again from1 his speech, but would' hesitate to.swear to his identity. 1 afterwards went to the Military Barracks with a constable, and' repqrted what I had seen to Captain Inties, with whom^ were Colonels Lindsay and Shadfoith. A drum-major remarked that ^man had come into 'barracns .about thQ^timtjj 'al- luded to ; 'that he was a good deal inebriated,, and without a cap. The ihree btficers upon this in stantly ordered a strict searcli-, (o be made of every one's bayonet in. the. Barracks*, and to look for the men's caps, to see none were missing. This was in about three quarters' of au hour alter the artray was over. 1 think the constables must have been very negligent on this occasion, for they were never once seen during the whole liine of the affray. ?? , ?? The Coroner and Jury coincided in the same opinion ; the latter expressing a hope that the re mark would induce Colonel Morisset to institute an- inquiry into the matter.— Witness ?' added, that he did not know at ' which, gate the riotous soldiers entered. Upon the suggestion of the Jury, the -Coroner despatched . a note, to', the Commanding Officer of the Garrison, with a re quest that the seirtinels stationed ut the1 respective gates,, from the hours of 7 to p, might be permit ted to attend thelnques't immediately. ; %;'J Doctor Mitchell certified that, he had ^examined the body of Terrence Ropney; (deceased), ' who was admitted into the General Hospital about.eight o'cloc^pn Sunday. evening, and in a few miiiutes after expired. ' He had received , a, penetrating wound through the riglit'side, which passeiithiqugh tlie liver and ^ntestiiies. Tliis.rin 'witness's opinion,' occasioned death. . '' '''','.'.'.. V By a Jurpr.-rl.thinkthe; probability is, that the intrument used toinrlicl the. wound was a:baypnet, or a sword-stick, They are pretty nea'rly. the same in shape . ?'?^.'IV!-1' ;*-'''?' ??''- ; V'/-.'-' -' ??' ?-'' ' S--;''- Henry Ward:cx((iniried~Is'clerk !;tp; Mr. Samuel Lyons, of'Georgc-street?i3; About ihetime'.'pf ' the atfray happening,' saw three ; 3oldiers witliilrawh li^yonets ht'tlieir.lVfthds, luriiiiriK .about 'tile streetss, in a very ,;vibli-m;'tumultlious rriahrier. . Su\v u man lying, .'dp'wii: piv', the flat 'of his lace on thw ground. ' Tins wasin tlie middle ot'George-strcot .The nmn apparently was wounded. ' Witness went out shortly- afttsj1/ tt'ti'd' inquired of the people, in tlie btreets, where there 'was a 'cotistable'. Upon this there .was a shrill whistle set up, by some one, wjiich was answered in ailottior.'directiou. One of the crowd said, tljitt thu two meri w'hoNhad whistled, were constables* '^Witniiss. saw- them walk 'away. A thrust was* immediately made at him witha bayo net, but, accidenally lulling down at the instant,' the -thrust ? missed, und the soldier passed on.' Witnes« *had '' no -thought of harm happening him,.«r-hen (.ho soldier made at him. There was no nmnifestalion of disorder amongaithe populace, but what the conduct of tliti soldieis gave rise to,: when the people began to throw stones' and brickbats, at ?? thein. ' The' soldier .who made a thurst at witness was ft middle-sized man,, sj wm'e Hiobo ia company with him. Judged from .their ac* eeut that they were all Irishmen. Ono swore ?'By the Holy Ghost 'I'll stick11' you.' Witness hastened to the house of. Mr. Colien, where 'a num tOIio^ml,' rimaitiff and groaning ' & BoltUery hi less than halfv- minute after, a came running witn his drawn, bayonet, saying «v Here^-here's blood, ' ('pointing to the.bayone't in his ;hand. ? .' Where is j he.-IVe 'nothalfdohe : with him yet ?-'., Witness saw the 'man go under Mr.Morr.V gateway. _pne 'of the refactory 'soldiers. had' his -bayotiet clfawh to stab a woman, whowas inHVie street, when the latter, clasping her hand's, together,, in a suppli catory tone, asked him ' if ' he* would' ???'* 'stab a 'woman.' ' It is- witness's inipression that. the sol diers would have stabbed -any one they rner, -n- discr'fmihateryV . The' deceased,, who. was the wounded, man, was -taken ' to ll e hospilaV. .- The constable's didjnot come up urit il the w Uple pf . the .afl'ray..w^s ovW, when they, mustered pretty^ strong, But evinced .hp sort 'of concerni.wliateyeVin.re ino^v-rng' deceased to the hospital, - a'though 'there wis every appearance of his dying'. ? . .. - =;.:r Peter Tyler, deposed,'. tliat :;a*.ha' was walking along Gebrge- street, about' a quarter before eight, a manvtfuine,. running' ;in a ^ direct ipA' towards ; wllere *ne was standing, J- and; point jng.ipWarcls 'two- soldiers -wlio were .walking* uhder'thc U urack :walir»said one' of ths two had stolc-nMiishat and stabtfed a man. ^ Witne3i1adv.feedthe]nii;ui:tp fpj low ,tfid.,sp'ldiers, arid get them slO'iVped.'at' the ' BarVacklgate,' before' Ihey'enteredif/ Tlie man' did ;sb»santi-irepresented. ; his 'cbmplainf to _t he. sei 1 1 in el .stationed there ; the sentinel' paid; no at'- ^.--on whatever*itb':the 'complaint ; One' of tie guard observed that' it was impossible .the soTdi'ir pSiri'f ed ,out could iiav.e hcen cpneerriod, in; the..a;fray, -; as. ho ha&rio;'t; a belt' nor. a bayonet pav. , :^erjeant Haw kins then; appeared* at the* gate;. cwho said' hdfr'new; the soldier,1 and would give.hinv lip rtaxt1! morning, if, necessary.; tj^e, soldier,' .pointprl;»ou'ti'-$va's: very' dru/ik,' and was led by anpfher;man 'who was per fectly' soberi It was reiharked ' by one : of the guard, . tbatthe Ldruriken soldier had d-wro.ngjcap on ; the latter immediately said he had lost 'K'iftcap,; but did 'not sriy'hovrhc had obtained the other. ' -Serjeant IIawkins,*,or tlie. 57th Hegt.,, corrobo- rated last , witi?ess*«,;;testimOny, as to- \vhal took placeat the Barrack 'gale. -The drunken man grtyo up ibis name Rose of.the3C)th ; the' sober man was leading him to his quarters, and did'riot deny what the othair had statied; he woie»a foraging cap, and was without belt or bayonet.- 'The cap tlie sober man* had on, was one .in, .which- the.miiitary are not alknved; to go out of Barracks. Cannot swear* to the persons of the. ty^o men. Tlie rnan who charged .the drunken soldier -with riot, .\yas himself quite sober. On hearing of the riot in, the town,' the witness set put; with, four soldiers to take the rioters into ^.custody ; saw at a distance spme soldiera running; they were uol puralied by any one: there was only the north-east gate they could have got' into the~ Barrack ? through, unless they jumped the wall j met ji private soldier of the 39th, named Danks, in his regimentals, with his proper cap and side arms on ; que^phed him on the sub ject of the riot j. he deiiieaR having been at all in any row, but said he had been' struck ;'? witness took him into. the Barracks. '?' The populace were very violent, arid the streetst \ygre in a state pf.great tumult. The' soldieii of t!ie' S9th Ilegt.- 'were accused -of being amongst the rioters. It .being now half-past nine o'clocki the Inquest,' on 'the suggestion of the Jury, was adjourned till nine o'clock' next m'ornirig.;, , ;- . ' ??; ^.The Inquest; resumed its sittings yesterday, pur suant to adjournment. The reportoi the evidence ia too lengthy to give a detail, arid we are contcquently under the nece si'y of deferring notice of it till our next.. The Inquest broke -up yesterday evening, and are to re-assembiethis morning.— The Jury, in the courseof the day, proceeded to the hospital to take the deposition. of a man who lay there in a dan gerous condition, 'frpm.vrpundsr inflicted c-during tlie outrage pn( Sunday evening.' ;:' «.!.-;?.' ' The Goyerrirnont has. caused a-rtJWRrdjto be . offered ; of. ^t' IDO,. a'.discharge, from tho Regiment, -and a passage Home,f-to -ahy soldier /who-;' will turn ,ajjprpTer,in;thorcase of. the . jriot-.on.. Sunday. pyening- v :^j ;V\^ Adjutant Inne» has used strenuous exer tions, and offered to bring for ward ntqn who, it'-isj believed, can give' sucli- evidence as . will go . to convict the- parties engaged. iii ;the. shameful outrage oh ..Sunday ey.oning.: Tl^fe, however, is a |-r^mi«iie made tliat ? wnsfptye'r' evidence they ffiOT^. give, shall not be used against theml , ' .; : wOrf Mondayj^ust, a labouring man, whilst '?Snploy.ed on a lofty part of the scnflbld Tng 'outside of Mr: B. L'eVey's building in Ge6rge-stre6t, unluckily 5fell off,, iihd was picked tip and carried away. for 'medi- cal aid in a very bruised condition. :.t ?. V - A new Wesleyan place of worship was jopened at the lower end of Castlereagh s»treet, on Monday last; ' ? .,-;;??' It is; strange what slow ; progress improvement makes. There, is -a strong. party opposed to, vaa ciriatiori;ih Holland.'. A fanatical doctor 'who. heads them argues, that those 'who 'are! vaccinated ;wiU.o:/oja- like oxen and beconie //or«c^ like bulls, whether married pr,single.— (English Pjnper. ) a \- 'Seed-corn, soaked in a solution of Glauber's nalts, will vtfetatc quickly, arid the salts will protect it' against worms, fowls, nnd birds.. This accitlental discovery; it ia said, lies' been fiillyitestetl; r'; ;i vj.-.v.' \\- - : / -s \ ' . The fisheries of Holland have all «ray§ formed! a large .'part tot; the national wealth, - but they] have . suffered ??trang1* viciisituilea.' -Duririg] the -rar with Engjaml.uin^ 1604, there were he less than:20,pOb; fishing: cstablishincnts JC/i uiahoudingcr), orrfaini i I iet .ciif aged tin this commerce. ' Since then- the ivhale fishery hasi bnan wholly nbaridoned. The hening fishery, which; in 1G0J, ,eiii])loyed 1,500 nets, ; was reduced in 1795 to. twenty, in 18 12 to three, in 1815 the number was increased t& 137., and' (this number is -bi*]ievt-(l to have' yet; fur- ther augmented itsulf. * ;' ' ? '; T : . The amount of chil||' or tax' on 'foreign wheat'ntlmitted into. London for lioine con ' Rumption^ from tho :l«$ pf,.. J[uly, 182^, to tlie 31st of January ' 182SSJ' vr»» upwards 'of «OO,OlW)iv! =' ?''?/ ?-- .-'v-;. r;- - -?'? ??'--'?- -:- ?' ' . 'SirMa'inrs Scarlet, it is said, iiskerl 'anJ re ; eeivoil 700 guinea* for' nJ Yri|) to tailcatter last yo'iir.'. ''; ,' '' ''''' ' '' ''?-.' \ .»' ' ' By various stntntcs froi)« the' time of IStl ward I.,, the. hundred in which a person l.*-\ras rolihetltpn the higih-wii.y was iiatjle to 'in&iie; good tlie diunajfn'sli8t!iinetl ^not ovooeiting1 2,001.),* unless such person Was trSivelling1 o'n ihu Lord's day, otlicr than to a plac& of wor ship, or the rolyfieror one of'the robbers whs apprehuniled ? within,, a coi'taih tinio. Th'o principal statutos'iipun this ?uhjoct ai'o ? now rupualetl by tlrc'g'enural Rupoaliii|r.-Act, which. recently ciiujjfjnto 'operation';: .niiti thorp, is no ?provirtlon in .ttljifttew Act C'^hlcli is rcivrdsenttil in llio title to bo,;ii consolidation of tho liuvx ri'liitivo^tt) , retried ips, ng'atiMt tho hand rcil_), gi v! ngn'persoM.s -^ruhbe.d'^ a ' rlgift to - recbrin', conipciiButionv Tl-is Act.i* oonfinnd' tocuues of (lanmge, ?? oucasiono(l'by pe't»ong riotously i -cumI tumultuous l^iiem'j led. '^ ' »'? '- '?'''' ''' ; 