SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT FRIDAY, AUGUST 29. (BEFORE Mr. Justice Dowling.) John Geason, a private soldier, was indicted for the wilful murder of Terence Rooney, at Sydney, on the evening of the 17th August, and John Herbert, and William Walsh, also private soldiers, for being present aiding and abetting the said John Geason in the commission of the murder. The information charged the prisoner Geason, with having inflicted a inoital wound on the body of the di»-' ceisedof the buadtb of one inch, md of the depth of nine inches, with a bayonet. Previous to the pnsoueis being tailed on to pitad, JYlr. Rowe, who appeared as Counsel in their behalf, addressed the Court, and stated that, as he had reason to doubt many pi i sons who muht be pioduced to speak to the icltiiuty of the prisoners, did not know one from the other, he li id to move tint all persons who wert, io be callad as witnesses in the case might he 01 dei ed to wilhdiaw, befoio the prisoueis pleaded. Mi. Jusiicl Dowi inc.-All that tends to the ends of justice, dud the fan and impar ti ii consider »lion ot this important case shall be done ; and it thcie is no objection, on the pui t of the Attorney General the motion is granted. Proclamation was then mad , fur all wit- nesses on each side to withdraw until called upon ; and that if it should appeal tiial any witness remained in Coutt altei such notice, he would not be t x ? mined. 1 he prisoners then severally pleaded Not Guilty. Hie Attorney General opened the case, and called the following witnesses : Philip Joseph Cohen.—I am a resident in Sydney, and was so on Sunday, 17th August. About hilf past seven that evening 1 wis silting m my parlour, when 1 heird a suit of tumult or riot in the street that attracted my attention , 1 went out to the fiout door and opened it, and shor Iy after perceived a man piusned by a soldier with a dravwi bavonet, the iii ni tell down opposite to my door, ami the suldiei fell upon him, two other soldieis ctmeup and took the first soldiei away, md theti the man, who was under the /iist soldie , got up a d went ¿way down George-street towards the Barracks; my house, is nearly op [ii site the Barrack-wall, ou the n,,lit baud of Ueoigc street, next to the Custom-house, previous lo the man's getting up, 1 was gomó- lo his assistance, but a showei of bricks and »tones from the mob, who wcreassemu ed, pre- vented my elomg so ; 1 should think: theie weie about 40 or 5(3 pet sous present ; time weio a L,reat many stones thrown , 1 Dieu retired into the court yard be ¡oro my house, but oefore I ascended the steps of my house again, 1 turned round, and saw anoihei mau in a pi ibu net's di ess, who I have since heard was the deceased Terence Rooney, pursued by a soldier in a lune opposite, leadiu., up to tue south liai rack-gate towaids Georne .trett, with a di aw ii bayonet, and w tit- i out a cap , I saw the soldier ina ko a j thrust at the man with the bayonet; tut man ran up George-street towards the market, he stopped at Mr. Morris's door, md request d permission lo eutu ; it was j utirl) ut the cornei of tit« lane tfie soidi r mace the thiu&t; Mr. Morris refused to allow the man to enter, and told him he had bo lei no on, and lie went to v rd» the M ii kel-pJate ; Hie soldier went m the oppo- I site direction toward the barrack-gate; I saw no more of Rooney then ; the soldier who made the thrust at the man, when Im | went down George-street, had his bayonet unsheathed, and shortly alter returned, and carne to the end of my gate , about ten minutes after I saw Uk tin ust mule, i saw Kooiiej uu dei Mr Moms' archw iy, and bluod issuing fi oin his peiaoii, between ihestomicli and toe bel y, it was ahuut oO yards li oin Ihe pia e wlme I siw the Kirnst mad , to lhe uchwi), I withdrew into the house, but previous to my doing so, I heard this soldier say, "I've got some of his blood, and I'll have more," or works to that effect; I went in and shut the door, and when,in about two or three minutes after, I looked out of my window, the sol- diers were dispersed; the soldier that thrust at Rooney, was a short man, but I was not near enough to distinguish his features; when he returned towards the barracks, he was brandishing his bayonet; the moon was ob- scured nearly all that time, but there was quite sufficient light to distinguish the red coats, and the steel; I do not know either of the prisoners at the bar, it would be almost im- possible for me to recognise any individual, owing to the rapidity with which the whole transaction took place. Cioss examined.-1 could not 6ty who male the tumult i be rd in the mutet ; «1 eu i caine out the mob w is al a diatuttee ; the blot thing j saw was a mau puisued bj i jo diet , the in ni who loll cb wa opposite »is not the same as was puisued down the lane, theie WdS ouly »ne so diei pursuing the m m 1 understood to be Rooney ; it was about halt-past seven wiieu I saw Rooney purs ned by the soldier ; I tluuk it was about half au liour before the dunns beat ; the man that pursued Rooney liad no cap on ; he had a ted cut» , the same assoldiers u u dljj tai with skin», 1 te tilmy s iw the I ace of the Sol «her who puisued Rooney, but it was not suf- ficiently 1 gtit to sie the teatuies, but 1 know it was the same soldier who i eturned, because 1 never lost sisbt ot him fiom the time 1 saw bun in the lane till he returned tomv bouse , it was altei the soldiers dispersed, 1 went to look at the dei eased ; he had tlotnes on ; the blood 1 saw was ou the outside oi h scIoLhes , I saw no wound in llu bod), but the man was groaning very much, and sud be was wounded, und appeared to me to be dying , 1 was about eight yaids fioin the soldiei when |ie returned to my house, I was n frightened at seeing a soldier with a drawn bayonet coming to my house, tb oui) time to get a glance at him btfoie I went in ; if I had not been frightened, 1 was quite ne ir enough to h ive identified him ; 1 do not know li deceased was sufficiently near the soldier tor the b,t)onet to take effect, nor of my own knowlege that it did, when this transaction took plate t eie weie two other soldiers running about the street lower down, with then drawn b youets, but they did not go after Rooney, or alter the other soldier, it appeared to nie that then was no tumult when the nun was stabbed, ttiere must have been n number of persons lo make «he noise 1 hist heard; tie soldier who pursued Rooney, was much intoxicated; I saw he «as when lie caine up to my di or. Re ex tnmed.-When th- niau tell down opposite my »loor, the mob weieN tin owing stones at the soldiers; the running, stabbing, &(. all took plac within 10 miiuitts. Rj the Court.-The exclamation ol the sol- dier, that he would have more blood, was m the Irish accent, and with a strong brogue. Re-ox,imination continued-Both belore and after the soldier returned from the barrack wall, there were two other soldiers running about the street with drawn bayonets; t1 ere w is a «liffercnci* in the height of the soldici . ; I saw the m in who stiuek at R< o ney ; he was as'ioit man. By a Juroi.-I only siw lince soldir-n ; at this time the mob w el e shouting anti thiowiug stones. By the Court.-At the time I hw the sub iir to ke a turnst at the d teased, 1 siw .inothei suldiei neil him ; 1 e< nnnt tell who it «,w shouted, or whether it was soldiers or civilians. Henry Ward.—I am a clerk to Mr. Lyons, of George-street, Sydney ; a little after 7 o'clock, on the evmn g of the 17th of August, I was in Mr. Cohen's house, in George-street ; w »en I lu arti a noise in the street of peisons hallooing out, I suppose 2 or3, or halt-a-dozen, but 1 could n t distin- guish ptiliciilarly bow many ; 1 went to the fro it do r, and siw sever d peisons, ci \ ii i in«, about a di zen, or be. ween that and twenty, lu lb; »tieri, and time soldiers; thaïe were tour peisons in the loom with me, and on heanng the uot,c they all ran out together w i h me ; ti e ciowtl wuk in the mid- dle of the stiect, exactly opposite Mr. Cohen's house ; tue solchen., when I caine out, h .id then di awn ba\ouois in their hands, and weieiuiiiiing about, anti it seemed to me tint two of mein wee trying io get the third u~ay, anti in snuggling to do -o, one of tin-l> i\o ieU uppiaied to have lallei out of the hand of them, ot rattitr knocked < tit, a» it fell some »hit nice I nun wheie they were, and n.ib picked up again by one < f the Roldiers, hut I can't say whether by the one lo whom it belonged or not ; the third in in would not go on wi ii them, a id soon at er that the lim e ii cn weie mun n¿ about willi their ba\oneta diawa, and tuen brnkhats began to he thiown ut them, I believe by the people; soon a'ler I came out, I saw a avi- li tn lying on hii face lu the muidlo of (»eorge . r«et, as if ilead ; 1 then went opp' .Ue lo the coin r of the bairack wall, to get away fiom the soldiers, us they weie coming on tim side 1 was on ; I was notic ng the sol- diers, a d toon af.er a s ildier carne, running over to me, with a di awn bayonet in his hand, and sud, "who ure jour" 1 fell down attempting to run a*aj, mid he thrust at me immediately with ins diawu bayonet, und ran up the Im» letding into York stnet ; h was about «.lie mid l'e sue, and I think he ha ! a cap on; 1 thou ret m ned to I Mr. Cohen's house, when Mr. Cohen and Mr. and Mrs. Coxan were at the door, I had not been ibeie man} minutes, belote a civi- lian came running fr nu the east coiner of j the banack, as I hil eve, down the lane, j towards Mr. Morris's house, and groaning very loud; the sticet was tom uny i ni U, and l, heilig ne ir sigh ed lould n t distinguish his dies; Ali M >n is was at the dour of his house, ,ui 11 the man cuni* up to him, and ho pu lud him hack otit of the d.ioi vviili his li ind, sayi ig, "\ ou must not come in hue," the man hen went a ¡nile wiy, ,i\ul tmned [ upa gatcw ty on one side of Ali. Al nils s ho ti M* ; In« iiad haully got tuidei the gtie w.ty belore a soldier caine i nuning I iota the same cor ar doun the lane, and turned ti wards where l stood, al Mi. Cohen's, with- out a cap, anti a dnivii btyonet ni his hand ; as the soldiei cii'S»ed lue stn et he bellowed out, "Where is he? here's his blood; I have not hall dono with lum \et !" The sol. dier appeared to be tin Irb'niiui b\ his ac- cent, and nther below tut; muitl'e s|/e ; he w is not .t tall man; 1 would not know him again, nor any of the three; they all appealed intoxicated; there «as a woman at the gate when he ciossed ; he caine up lo her; she sill "you would no1 kill .» worn in, would )ou>" and he sud " no, hy J---a, I would not," We then went into the honsi, and shut j the tlooi ; ami shoitly att Window, anti saw the ciond was dispersed ; j ¡ibutit ten niiuuUs aftci I went tothegtte I way, and saw the man Ijmgoii i lu* gi omul, gio u 114 and apparent!) dying ; there w is j blood on his clothes, .1 d t saw the hole 1 1 Ins waistcoat , t ie constables were then I about, md he leinainetl there about 2i) iii 1 - nut« s belo e he was ieni ved. Crojb-examined - When I f'rst came t> tile dooi, 1 saw a dozen persons as- sembled ; I did not imlic* «my stones j thiown at the nilli my then; when I h st Uaw the min lying on his fice, he was twenty yauls fiom the military ; 1 s iw the soldieis pass himsevcial t me»; twool them woio attempting to get the tmid away; I cantrot say tint tlic objettof the two snl dieis w .8 lo siva the oihei fiom the peo 1 le; it appetrxd to me that ti ev weie uiiaid he would hw taken hy the mob, be cause one ef them caine foi wai ti with ins diuun bayonet, an»! stumped willi \u- Itioi, as if to shew how h. could fitghten tin in, and they ran ; I belie eil tiny would line stabbed any peisou who uttuipted to take one of them, 01 who even tame near 1 hem, whether bena« quiet or nul ; the soldiei« weie b aiidishiug their weapous when ] hist came out of the house, and before the stones were ti rowu ; one of the sold it rs stood by the banack wail, und calling tut. " By the Hoi) Ghost, I II stab tveiyoue v ho come» near me !" Tue mm who puisued the tie ceased man «as much inebria ed, and had no cap on ; I don't know wheie lie went to, because Mi. Cohen and I went in and shut the door, t.nd wh n we went up stairs, and looked out of the wiudovv, Iheie waa no »ol drerin the fetieet. Iii-examined.-Immediate!* after I saw the deceased man run under the gatewa>, 1 saw the so diei ; ti e deceased man was 1 tin- ning i.tst ; the soldi 1 was not 1 tinning so fast ; the three soldiers stabbed al ali they came near i .discriminate!}' ; some peisons called tor constable, but all seeiue 1 atraía to go near them ; 1 did not s e ma i) stones thiown, und what were thrown was alter it was understood that the soldiers had com. ' mitt^d murdei, and in order to knock them .. down anil apprehend them, as the people were afraid to go near them. James Hackett.—I am a settler at Camp bell Town ; on the 17th of Aug. on Sunday t nig1 t, I w is in Sydney ; about 7 o'clock on that evening, I was at Mr. Payne's, in George-street, next door to the Custom- house ; at that time I was st miling outside t t he do > , i id I lu ai d a 1 ow in the street ; it < a ipeaied to mo tn it tilt» e w s some lulling 1 out ht tween the people of the town ami * tine drunken sohbe s, two of them drunker I tin 1 the 1 tuei ; lhere mig'it have been fortv, ' fifty, 01 moie ciiilims pr so it, but winna « _will lim k to st 0 it ; I don't know ,iuy of the < 8>ld eis 1 saw there tint night ; 1 s w 11 ? m ni, who was stjhbtd, lunuuig undei 4. gatew iy at lb ? otb»r sido of Ilia stiert, and , 1 ciying otu, "Mm 1er, I'm killed'" I w is mr nd to go neu them, is the tratursdul not know what they were doing, as regarded the liquor, thoy had 110th ng m then hinds but then side-arms ; two of them wanted the other to sheathe his bavonet, but he had not the kense to do it ; he did not kuow what be «as about. Cross-examined.-One was more drunk th m the ochéis, and he spoke like au liish mau ; tin le might be lo ty, fifty, or sixty per- sons in thestit-tt; I saw two or tlnee »tones thiown hy tin people tov.irds the sotdieis, wini h might have hil them toi what I know ; but when people ne linsey tiley don't mind a tap of a Ktoue ; the tlnee sollieis weie taki 11 by the piquet, who 1111 after and ap- prehended them ; the min was lying umlei the eateuay aller the piquet came; they dis eiset! th" c ow was come ed to the hospital ; I siw the de j ce.iatd man running towards iMorr.s's, und one of the drunken soldiei«, who weie st Hid- ing near Mr. Payne's, ran altei bun, anti about lout or five minutes aftei the piquet tau ej and the soldiei s wiiit aw iy; I did n t see where the drunken soldier who ran after the decta-PiJ went ; he might li ne gone to Morris's gateway, where I saw the deceased afterwards. William Thompson.—I am a carter in the service of Mr. Payne, in George-street ; on last Sunday week, about 7 o'clock, 111 the ftieiiing, or ti li.ti- alter, I was standing at Mr. Payne's gate, and I saw three soldiers coming 11 oin the main baruick gate, towa (Is Mr. Morris's house in George-street; when tiley had passed me, 11 bunt 20 or 3(1 y aids near Mi. Moins'*, 1 h tu id a scuttle, and was pioieedi ig towards the place, when a man named Thomas Dalton, an assigned ser vant to Mr. Payne, came towards me, and told me something, upon which 1 acco npauied him to the spot, and Dalton laid hold of a soldier by the collar, and pulled lum olF from 1 man who was on the ground, and whom the soldier was stabbing at with 11 bnonet; 1 do 11 it think he touched the mau, however, because if li» had, be iniibt have killed lum on the spot ; Dalton . iiil, " if you aie so diers, behave like .old eis '-Theotiiei tw , «ho were with the man who had the bayonet, pulled out their hajoneis, .mu began to beat the mm win was 011 the ground, with ihe Hat side of them ; 4 voung guulemau then came up and oiled out "is tine no constables," upon winch, the two soldieib sheathed their b i)ouots, iw.iy; when they took lum 5 or 6 pices, «nd when Hie in 111 who was on tue gr «mid w is getting up, the least soldiei of the three, he who ban the di iwu bayonet, mai'e a rush 11 otu theolhem, mid callod out by the " Ho- ly Ghost, I'II kill the b—r." He then ran at the man and made a stab at him, and be t iib d oui t at he was stabbed ; one of iii . ntl er soldicis then took the Soldiei with the ba>onet awi}, wh.Ut theothei was leading the vvoun led man oil', but the fit st sol.liri àg 111 gut loo^e, md made toward» the wouiJed linn, and theotb r soldier exclaim- ing " by the Holv J-s I'll hav . his life" ; the sjí io , who had the wounded mau, placed bun-, If^belnie tu protect lum, and Knowing a\v upon tie hist soldier, and sud " tone along Jick, wt'll stay no 1 uiger ;" dining lins time lue first sol lier mule se veiat blairs mund his ( omi ade at the wnuudid m ni, hut 1 do i't thmk lestiuck him ; 1 aftervVaris come) ed the w mnded man down the s,at< way, and ke¡ t watch ovei linn, and whilst I waa tneie, aid trying to puny t e 111 n who was wuu uled and in liquor, I h ard one ol the soldiei- s tv "that's the b-r, and I'll have Ins life," in tie Irian accent; after I heaid the ex el 1111 mon, I saw a ni 111 running by (he g.tte«4\, dipssed 111 apui of white tiow t.ers unif 4 duli jacket, on the opposite side of the wa., at the toiiiei of the bau at k w.ill; altei be had pissed, I saw the least of the ti lee b'jldieis um alter lum towards Mi. Moms', tile other two following at si or si-ten pacdsdiitaut; the man a-bead had 4 diawa l> ij ouet ; immédiat Iy afterwards, 1 heaid a m.n 01 \ out, ' 1 ni mindtred, I'm stabbed!" Abouttwcnti uiinutesa ter 1 went oie-r to Mr. Moms' eatewaj, and found 4 wounded man lying theie, with a crowd o people round him ; in my judgment lie w is the ame man whom I saw pass the gate, pursued by the soldier; previous to my going to Morris' gate-way, I had been to Surgeon Connolly's with the man who was wounded at Mi. Payne's ; on my return, 1 saw linee soldiers running from the direc- tion of Ali. Morris', and iii the way snaicn ti young man's hat of}, and uni up the lane towmds the south barrack- wall; the least of tlie three had no cap on; immediately after, I saw some soldiers come from the main baila« k gate, anil mu up towards Mr. Morris', nod turn the comer up the lane, wheie tie oih r soldiers ran ; the soldiei s who tame from the hiirruCkn li d their gieat coats on; tie otheis weie dressed in led coats; I picked up a soldier's brush outside Mi. l'.ij 1 e's gate, and ya ve it up to the Cm oner «t the Inquest. 1 Cioss examined.- It was the »holtest of the the- soldiei s who wis stubb ng « t the man on tiiegiound ; I do not think the other two had an) intention of doing huit, ' foi they weie tr)ing to lake the other away ; the little soldier did not slab the mau on the groin d ; he might have don- it it he liked ; j the little'soldier had light hair to the best of my opinion, but I was too much terrified at the time to take much notice. Michael Russell.—I am a private in the 39th, on the evening of the 17th I was in company with corporal Duffin and Danks, at Mr. Girard's, in George-street ; about seven o'clock we went to Girard's, and there saw the prisoners at the bar sitting together, drinking in the tap-room; when we entered, Herbert offered Dunks some of the liquor he was drinking, and he just tasted it, and laid the glass down again ; Geason asked him why he did not take more, and Danks said he took as much as he dared say he was welcome to ; Geason appeared to be very sober, but Danks was drunk, so much so, that I tried to prevent him coming out with me before we left the barracks ; after remaining at Girard's some time, I came away with corporal Duffy and Danks, and went to a public-house in Pitt-street ; I was sober ; we did not remain at Girard's more than ten minutes, I did not drink any thing there ; we remained in Pitt- street be- tween twenty minutes and hull'an hour, ami had it glass of giog each; we left about half past «even o'clock ; Duffin went another way, and Danks and I came towards the banacks down King-street ; Danks left me about twenty yards fio.ii the tn.iiu barrack gale, but I being on duty as piquet, could not stop out, and I went to my quarters in the barracks; in George-street, I observed a large concourse of people at the East-corner of the barrack wall; Dunks and I were then gniii£ towards the barracks, and cor poral Duffin preceding tis ; we passed the crowd, and about ten yard.s after we passed them, 1 saw eillie. two or three soldieis nasa m¿, and goins*. t«wa »Is the crowd ; i did not know either of the three soldiers, I did not upon my o lb ; 1 can't swear that it was any of the three prisoners at the bar ; I had sei-ir the three prisoners at Girard's about three quarters of an hour before, and 'I swejr that 1 cannot say it was either of thuin I saw pass me ; I was iniuuttdy examined at the Co- roner's luqtiesi ; I did not swear then that Walsh was one of the three I saw pass me near the lî.ist corner of ihe barrack-wall ; on my going into Barrracks, I went into Walsh's room and I did not see him there ; I did liol see hitit . saw him at Girard's; I cannot describe the persons of" the soldiers I met in Geoige stieet; Danks did not return willi me lo barracks, lie letumed to tim crowd. Cross-exam.ned.-Ti.e military aie ev pecce i to return into banacks at 8 o'clock ; it wanted about a qti.wter lo 6 when 1 re- turned ; Dunks lind not tuen gone into the bat racks; Walsh was hot in the room in which he was accustomed to sleep ; Danks was very much i.itoxi.uted ; there was a stone thrown from the crowd, which stt nek the wal! near me; there were many voices in the tiiinol' ; I could not distinguish any | of the n rds made.useof ; D.oiks was drunk, und Geason sober when we met at Girard's. Re-examined.-- I don't kmw what countrymen lite prisoners, or any of them are ; I cannot distinguish any iiian'o speech ; 1 went into Walsh's room merely to see who were goim» to lum out with me to piquet; I have had several conversations with Walsh, but 1 do not know what countryman In is ; upon my solemn oath, I donn know what countryman any of the prisoners is ; I » an't say whether they are my country men or Abraham Gerratt.—I am a private in the 57lb Reliaient ; ou .Sunday, evening th« . 17th him.mt, I was on duty at the main ban nek-gate in (¿eorge-stieet ; I went oti at 5 o'coc», and was relieved at 7; 011 being relieved 1 saw a soldi, r of the «i>'tïi com« to the main barrack-gate, wi.li three* sol- dier»'regimental caps in his han»];-he had no cap on his head ; when he was placing them dtiwn on the gioiind, he diopped his bay- onet, but 1 can't sty wln-lher it dropped out of his hand or out of his scabbard ; he laid the cap» close by the ff.tie, but 1 can t say whether inside or outside; he picked up the bayonet, saying he would have some b-r'.s lil'? that night ; I then alai tiled the sergea it ol the guan), who took two or linee of the soldiers out to quell the dis- turbance ; after being relieved, i went into the guaid-ruom, und shortly after I saw a man ol'the 3ytii come in, and sii upon the bed ; he had u pale complexion, ami a spot of blood upon his belt, and also a cut upon )i7-> h.itid as if he bad fallen; 1 knew the soldier, but not his natue,/ until he was a «une s before tile Coroner, when I heard his name was Danks. Cross-examined. - I saw no blood on his bn-ast plate; there might have baen, but it was more conspicuous on his belt, being white 1 know nothing of any disturbance that night. By the Court.-The blood on the belt might bavr. beui produced from the cut on t e hand, bul 1 do not think it »as; there was uti blood on his hand, und it was a grazed .Vuuud as if he had fallen. William Danks.—I am a private in the 39th Regiment ; about 7 o'clock, on tim evening of the l7h, I was in company with corporal Duffin and Russell ; I went to Girard's that night; I did not áee the prisoners theie as 1 recollect ; I can't ' say that I did ; I don't remember having* ¡my think to drink there With uny person ; 1 did not see any of the prisoners there ; 1 was quite sober then ; 1 drunk thrte or four glasses of ruin, bt-sides my ration rum in the course of the day ; there were about 12 soldier» at G ru d's when 1 was there; 1 went in company with Russel and Duffin to Pitt- treet, after leaving Girard's, and after rein lining lhere a shott time, we pro- ceeded to .v.i rd a toe barracks, and when we cane t.» thèeist comer of the barrack wall, I saw some stones falling oil the ground, and people making a great noise*, they were 20 or more people in the stiert; after 1 had proceeded so f r, Russel left me, and immediately after I saw the prisoners Walsh and Herbert, against the wall, and people bealing them ; a little lower »town I uaw Geason on his knees, and lilted him I up ; there was a man under him, and he ha J u drawn bayonet iii his hand unshe.tlied wn'lcftHie flourished about, and said he woul.1 Itave been killed if 1 had not picked ' him up ; Geasou kept knocking the bayonet , about while I held him, and alter a little he broke loo « from me, and ran towaulsihe new buildings at the corner cf a lane, just " beyond the ban ticks, where there were a parcel of people standing ; I got my ha n4 burt with his bayonet, ii. the struggle to hold linn ; 1 saw no ¡nore of him till I at'-» ter wards saw him* in' 1'ie* barracks hot ween eight mid nine o'clock; Herbert had lost his brush ; I saw Herbert and Geason in the barracks that night, but they stud nothing ubout the affray ; on the next d y,Jwe were called out by the Serjtani-Mujur, previous lo which 1 had same conversation with Geason and Herbert about the affray, when I told them I should tell no more it 1 weie «ulled upon, than I could help; Geasou told me, if I hid not picked lum up he should lia ve been k'illoil, and I believe such would have been the fact ; they were eai nest in their entreaty that I would screen them as much as possible ; I dil not sie Ge ison itfter he ran tow rds the new buildings ; I vin not certain whether Geason hid hu cap on or oil" when he r ni towards Morris's ; 1 am not o rtain the caps of the other prisoners weie on ; I did not see Geason run atauy particular person. Ctoss-examined.-The people were beat- ing Herbet t and Walsh; there being three or four men round Gea^m ; I c whethei the other man, who w m down, had Gea son down, or Geasou had bim ; he s lid when 1 p eked lum up that he ivas glad I caine up, or he should have been killed. R( -examined. - 1 did not seo any of the i ris n> rs who waa under Geasou i mi aw ty ; 1 stippo'.e jiedid while L hell Gunson ; Geason had been under when I came up. Bernard Fitzpatrick.—I am a conduc- tor of Police; on the 28th August, the prisoners, Geason and Herbert, were contained in No. 3 watchhouse in my charge; they were confined in separate rooms; I remember on the morning of that day, a soldier of the 39th bringing breakfast to the prisoners; I was in the watch-house then id ne ; a soldier of the 39th came and knocked at the watch-house door, which I opened ;he had two tins, which he said con- tained breakfast for Geason and Herbert, whom he understood were confined here; I said they were ; he made a motion to come in; I said "My friend, you can't come in ;" he said " I want to speak to them" I said he could not see them, by the orders I received; he was angry, and I took the tins from him, and bid him go round to the grated window facing into the street, and he would see me divide it ; he did so ; on opening the door, the prisoners asked who was there, and I told them that one of their regiment brought breakf.st to them ; after giving them their breakfast, I closed the door, and then they commenced speaking to the man out of the window; I withdrew into an inner room at the bark of he house and remained silent ; I could, xxx in that room, hear distinctly what was said ; Geason, who was in the left handward going in at the door, called out, "Holloa, Bill ! are you there?" I believed, to hear if it was the soldier who brought thebreakfast, and ffound it was the same man; Geas continued, "But, is that constable there?" "No; I think he's gone backwaid," said the man; " Bill, where's Danks now ?" " In No. 3, watch-house;" " Is he confined as we are ?" " No, he is not ; he is in the kitchen where the fire is, I saw him this morning, and spoke lo him;" " What do you think he's confined for?'* " O, you know well enough ;" "Do you think he has split any thing ?" " I don't know ;" "O, 1 suppose the've got him drunk, and picked something out of him"; " I can't say ; but it's a bad |ob, at any rate ;" "well, all I can say about it is, Danks is the man that Saved my life". Herbert then immediately interrupted the conversation from thee opposite ward by saying, "Jack, I wish you would hold your tongue" or words to that effect; they then ceased and teh soldier came tome for the tins, and went away ; Geason spoke with the Irish accent ; I believe him to be a native of Munster in Ireland; Geason is now at the bar. CioB8-exainiued.-I have réhited all I heard, as far us my memory serves me; Geasou s ud, " Dunks is the man that saved my life, at any rate." James Mitchell, Esq.—I am a surgeon at the General Hospigal ; I remember a wounded man being biought to the hospital, but I was not ai home when he caine, and 1 did not see him till he was dead. O i Monday, 28th, let.ve.'ii three and lour o'clock io the uf'teiiioou, 1 saw the body of Terence Rooney in the dead-room of the hospital ; he must baie been dead several hours ; 1 examined the body, ami found a penetiutinr wound in the light side ; in tracing Witch, I dis (oveied that it pastrd through the liver, ' the lower part of the stomach, and one <>t the largest vessels in tu bud) ; it appeired to have been made b\ u triangular pointed instrument, and I un> no doubt caused his death ; it appeared to have been made by a bayonet. Thomas Brown.—I reside in Sydney; I had an assigned servant named Terence Rooney ; I saw him alive and well on Sun day morning, the 17th'ti t, he went out and came home t» his (linne , and wei t mt again about a quail er to six, foin which tine 1 liare nevei se n him since, deni or alne. Cross.rxiiniined.-Rooney is a common name in Irel.m ' ; there may be many more of the same name in Sydney. Francis Findard.—I am a conductor of Police ; on Sunday evening, the l7 b instant, ] saw a mau lying stabbed 11 d r Mon la's srchwii) ; he was then alive ; 1 spoke to lum,'and lie told ir.e he was slabbed but he could not tell by whom ; I aft» rwards got the lioBpitid cart, «nd on my way io the , place wheie the mau lay, 1 met him ca.ned by some-persons when lie was plated id t e cart and conves ed to the hospital; I saw the man dead m the hospital ut 8 o'clocit ' that night. /Cross-examined.-I swear the man 1 met being earned in the f tri et, when 1 was \- returning fiom the hospital with the cart, was the t>aine us I saw previously Ijing under t eurch; I knew lum by his dress ; 1 do not of my own knowledge know who he was. Thomas O'Neil.—I am father in law to a person named Thomas Brown, who was just examined as a witness; 1 knew that lie had an assigned servant named Terence Rooney ; he always answered to that name ; I saw; that man dead in the General Hospital on Monday week last, the 18th of August; I i saw his body stripped, and he had a wound in his right sjde ; 1 knew him immediately to be the same Terence Rooney who was .the assigned servant to my son-in-law ; the ' ' wound was such, as might have been pro- duced by a bayonet; 1 suw bim alive and well on the Sunday evening previously. Dr. Halloran, the Coroner, produced a soldier's brush found 11 the spot where the scuffle took place, delivered to him by Wm. Thompson at the. Inquest ; it w>s identified by Danks, as belonging to Herbert. William Danks being called by the At- torney Generar,, slued that he believes the brush shewn to him to be tim same pro- duced at the Coroner's Inquest ; it is Her- bert's brush, I saw bim put tho hair in it about five days belore tins occurrence; on the morning after (he affray, Herbert told me he had borrowed a brush. Thomas Dalton. ; On Sunday evening, 17th instant, 1 was at the house of my master, Mr. Payne, in George-street ; about 7 o'clock in the evening, 1 was going to a new building at the Market Wharf, which I was to take care of, and had jitocceded part of the way up George-street, when 1 met t'uenol"my master's servants, named Hakit, Hart, and Dowd, in company with a blacksmith, whose name I don't know; some one pro- posed to go and have something to di ink, and I agieed to accompany them, ¡ind we weie on our way to my master's for that purpose, when.no were overtaken by time so.diers, who were walking in the inidilb: of the rout! ; when the soldieis caine ina line with tis, they jostled one, nd all against me, very forcibly ; up n tin ning round, seeing that tliey wen- soldie s, and wishing to pass an íuitiIt, 1 said .* i ask your pardo.1"; the blacksmith, who was linked ann in ,.rm with me ob my lelt, said '* »oldieis, take care of your pipe clay ;'. on the woid, the soldier struck the smith; it was the prisoner Gea I sou ; 1 did not know his nan e, but 1 re- member his peisoti; the blacksmith then loosed his a iii foin m n , and struck the soldier ; some blow» puss«»! I etwren them, and the black-mith kincke'l Gown ''own; the oilier two men immediately m nick ¡,t the smith with their tis s, by\v,,ieh thesnl dier who was doun gut nlie'e I, »nd run- ning up tlrew his iiiyonet; ihcSinilii was at th s time doubled do 11 emfeav» uriugto s ve hi» face Irom the kicks the other soldieis were making al bim ; Geason then on the moment, while the smith was stoop'ug, and had left a space between the wuisthand of his trowseis mid his waistcoat, stab- bed bim in the small of his back ; I called to the other men who weie in the smith's company, when I saw the bayonet drawn, but they being alarmed for their own safety, lied ; 1 called to them not to run and see a mau 11111 nie red ; I then laid huid ol Herbert, and pulled him a few paces from the 01 he,s, the other two soldiers then faced me, with diawu bayonets ; I disengaged my hold Irom ihr: sold er, and seized a st me for my o»n presirvalion, and .sluBg it at 1I10 soldier Herbert; 1 can't siy whether the «¡one struck bun; it might Live struck I lum on the hand which be held up to ward tha blow off; I efi'ecleil my escape, and made towards my mästet's gute; all the soldier^ then t ti roed about towards the bur rack-guie; I heard some people »ay in the street, are there no persons to assist and have those men apprehemied ? 1 said, 1 would for one ; lbs persons who spoke ac- companied me tow. re's the barrack-gate' j uUer the soldiers, but they suddenly tuined round, tint! rushed up the street again, with j their naked bayonets in their hands, attack 1 ing every pe.son that come in their way 1 with tile bayonets; t le persons, who accom- panied me, 8teppe»l aside to avoid the sol- diers, and die next thing 1 heaid was, the \screaiiisof a person in bodily suffering, from the comer of the barruck-wall at the South side; the peisons who accompanied me called out, are there 110 constables in the stieel to ussist? and the very moment they said so, (»eas n cairn* d.rec/hy over to one oi' tneni, and putting himself in the attitude of .?tabbing linn with his bayonet, asked him what edi he had in the busiues-.? Toe p. r*on replied, notinng my good mau ; Geasou had 110 cap at this lune, and »wore by th« Holy Ghost mat he wouid kill him; he then turned ti.reef, us last as be could, towards Air. AJorrik' gale; I innin-diate y heard the scream» of a mau crying out" I'm murdered, I'm mu dered !" i then »aw Geasou run from 1 he gate lo where the two other persons were scuflliug with soiife more people .it the comer ol' the hairuck-wall ; at this time the guard Irom thehanacks appeared, and the prisoners ran away up the lane adjoining the barrack-wall, and 1 saw no more of them ; 1 saw Geuson in ike a stab at a mau ui Alui'iik' gate, and the mau «creamin; out "murder, murder!" At timt time the otner men were about five or six rods off ; I suw the same man afterwards lyiii'j mulei- the gate wounded ; I w.rs at the in- quest and examined, and having Mattel Hint 1 would know them by their vu ces, I was blindfolded, and Geuson being made to spaik, 1 knew ni* voice ¡ruin dintel), <.s that of the maní hean! exclaiming lo his com- rades, and tine..te'iiing the person, who ui lerfered, in George street, on the night ol' the 17th. By the Court.-I had not s hefoie 1 wa« bliiidfuld.d al the Inquest, and .? 1 knew his voice luiinedi.tely; 1 also knew Heiberl'j voice; he ¿su-olt spoken mau, and 1 kite* bim particularly, as he was the man I had a bold of in the street. Cross-examined.-I am a pi Loner of the crown for seven yeais, and s rtaut to JMr. Payne; 1 ai rived in June or July last year, and was i mtiiediutely assigned to ¡A r. Pay ne ; 1 never saw Geasou, to my knowledge, un- til the night of the 17th; when I brui »aw bim he lind nut his cap oil'; when 1 first saw thj soldi, rs it was that the expns sion "' ake care of your pipe ela)*" was used; 1 can't say whether it was used by way ol' insult, ¡is I did not use it; the hist insult was given by t'ie soldiers in my ap- prehension; I never said I knew a soldier named McGuire; I do not know any soldier of that name, nor was one ol' that name ever |ioi .ted out to me; I never said to any one, on, the night of the 17th, that I knew the soldier wha had stabbed the man; there is a man named Thompson in Mr. Payne's em- ploy; 1 ca not say whether he saw uhat 1 -aw on that ti'ght ; I can't say that.the sol- dier who staboed the mau was drunk ; be spoke very loud in the street ; he did not speak so before the Coroner; he spoke s.jftly and tespectfully there, but 1 swear, to the 'voice; 1 was blindfolded ; I believe Herbert was the first mun who was brought in before the Coroner ; I um not. positive whether be or Gcuson was first, hut to the heat ol' my belief it was Herbert; to my knowledge'Í did not see the cap oil' of more than on» sol- dier on Sunday night ; I have seen many persons coming out of the Court to day, who talked amongst themselves of what was going on in Court, but 1 had no conversation with any person respecting the evidence th it hu« been given here to day ; the mau, whos cap was olT, bad hair rather of a darkish ' colour ; I bava never seen Ge. son from the 17ih-of Atigtisf, tilt I saw him como up fruin the watch-house to the Coori this morning ; the other two prisoners joined Geason in the tumult ; I did not hear or see thom dissuade him from proceeding f rther; when tin: blacksmith was removed from the street, 1 lind a hold of one of ibu soldiers; I do not know who took him into Mr. Payne's yard ; I did not go any where with Thompson thal night, or st-e him any where except it was five or six rods I'imiii Mr. Payne's house, in tlie sir.et; 1 bad no couvcrsal'oii willi him or any one else individnall), I only craved assistance of any persons who were by togo anti have the soldiers stopped at the bar- rack-gate; 1 did not go with Thompson to a place where some ten or twelve people wore, col 1er ted mund some soldiers ; neither ol the two soldiers endeavoured to prevent the third fioni doing further mischie-l, us i hoard. j By a .furor.-They might .have done so without my seeing it. Where were your eyus fixed ? In my bead (a I nigh J My atteutiou was fixed upon the mun I lind a hold ol ; the prisoners weie all out- rageous, but not so determined as Gea.on. By u Juror.- I was in the anny, and dis- charged on the 5th April, 1810, niter being a so.d.er 14 years, und disabled in action, and was pension'd. Examination continued.-I was in the 83d, ami was a pensioner when I was scut te> this country ; 1 Was tried at Dubli . What were you charged with ? The Attorn ky G knur al objected to the witness answering, unless he liked. Examination combined.-It Was not for honesty 1 was »out to tins country, like a great many more ; I won't answer w . (her 1 was charged with thefi or house bie.dviug ; 1 was not charged with caitle sie.,ling. I won't answer whether 1 was charged with perjuiy; 1 described the person who com- muted the outrage to the Coron-, r ; I don't know what 1 wa» hlindiolded for; 1 did not tell different stories; 1 will no1 lell you whether 1 wuschaiged with perjuiy. Re-examined.-lsauifiiiatily that the two prisoners, spoke at the Inquest, I identified them by their v.-ices , I s.iid that the man wiih the soft voice w.is the one I hud a hold of, iiiul the oth.-r was a shortish man with a hooked no-e, who committed the premedi- tated murder. Dr. Halloran recalled. -I saw and examined the last wiiness, al the luque-t ; he said he was almost sure he could swear to the person of one of the men, but that be was certain lie could swear to the voice; I bad bun blind-folded and placed in nu angle of the room with ii large boiird befoie bim, so that it was impossible fie could see any person in the room ; 1 then desir d tlnee or four soldiers to bo called in, und put some unimportant ques- tions to i hem, mel ely for the pnrpose of his hearing their voices ; upon hearing i lia voice ol Geasou, he called out aloud, I think with an oath " that's, the mau that committed tin: murder ! and Hie one, who spoke before lum, is the one whom I drugged off from the blacksmith ;" lie cou'd notsee their persons ; I lead the whole of the d positions to ali the witnesses hefure I allowed the ni to sign them ; there were some corrections mude in the depositions of the last witness from his going on so fast, and omitting to state some facts in chronological order, which is the cause W the interlineations in the deposition. Cross-examined.- 1 think he told me that the person who committed the murder was pockpitied ; he said the throe soldiers were Hour siting about with their b.iyone s ; I do not think he told me that two of them «ndtavoured to prevent ide other Irom doing mischief, orthat one of the tune ttuew himself before a mun to p.elect him from the third ; that came out in the evidence of other witnesses; the soldier, who spoke be- fore Geason, had no peculiarity in his dia- lect, so us to d scover lum to be of any par- ti cif 1 ir country, but I believe he was un Englishman. Edward Cashaw.—I am a blacksmith re- siding in Sydney; on the evening ol'Sunday, the 17th, I was going down George-street toward Mr. Payne's, between the hours of 7 and 8 o'clock, in company with a person named McCarty, when 1 met three soldiers, who shoved against me; I asked them what was the mason for doing it, as they had pie m'y of room to pass ; I don't know the answer they made mc, tney gave me no time to talk, when one of the soldiers stuck me in the face with his fist; 1 can't describe the person of the soldier; on reo iving the blo.v, I struck the soldier again ; I was saving my- self as much a; I could, when the second man st.uck me willi the socket of his bayo- net, and knocked me dow», and before I could re over myself another man stabbed me in the side with a bayonet between the waistcoat and the breeches band ; I had not time to lemurk the person by whom I wa^ stahhe I, I was in such a slate of confusion ; after being stabbed, I got up, and while I was gelt ng up, the same man stood over me trying to stat» rae again, when one of the other soldiers took hold of me, and turned me on one side, and I made away, anti got into an archway near Mr. Payee's-;, theie were souieótper p rsotis there-also, but Ida no1 know who : I was severely wounded,and could not turn in my bed for sever.il d.iys even to goL a di ink; I don't know whetlur I.gave the soldier with waurn I hud the fi4lit any marks, or whet >er I struen bim on the-face; this happened between Mr. Payne's and the corner of King-street . when I recovered my senses, I found myself at Dr. Connolly's ; I have no recollection of the persons of the soldiers. Cross-examined.-I was not perfectly so- ber when the row commenced ; there was only one mun in my company ; there might bo others alongside* of me, but not in my company; Hart was arm-in-arm with me; re . there was no other but him linked with me, er j though there might be with Hart, though I i) j did not untie« it; I do not know whether uny other person was with Hart; thora was no other person with me but him ; I believo i spoke to the soldiers first, bul I was shovod previously ; 1 don't know whether aay othoi person near to me spoke to them; I did not hear uny one say, ** 1 beg your pardon, soldieis ;" what I said to the soldiers was not spoken in an offensive manner; 1 told Uieht thai the street was wide enough,and that t hey net d not shove me ; I did not, to my know - ledge, say, "Soldiers, take oareof your pipe- clay ;" I do not it-member saying so ; i w ill swear to the best of my know e»lge, that I did not u-e .my such words, hut 1 might have said so . ellniig I do hol recollect ; lo tho best ol tny knowledge, the man who knocked me down, was no1 the mau wiri stabbed nu» ; they did not kick me that 1 know of, but I was cut in tno leg, and \vhother tuey kicked me down 1 don't know, Re-evumiiied-1 w>w walking with Hart ; I believe he met some of his friends who walked with him ; there were a number of people straggling along George- street. The ArroitNUY GcNciur. closed his c isa here. Air. Rowe st'ited, tint though lie might dispute tho validity of the iii.liciine-it, it being at c >in non law, yet ho wou d waive tho objection, if it were ono, und go into tho merits of the cn-p, fust suluiii ting that theie Was no evidente whatever against Walsh. IJ is floNoiiuns ol opinion, t tal then was Milln lent evidence lo go to tho Jury against all the piisomi-s ; ii was for the J u. y to say, what ellet-t was to be given to it. The prisoners, on being failed on for I their defence, severally deni, d the ch irgo. M . Rowe then proceeded to call as a witness, for the prisoners, Mr. McMahon, one of the Jurors at the Inquest. The Attorney General objected to this witness being examined lo ¡my thing that ' ot-« orred befóte the Inquest as a juror. I Mr. Rowu waived examining him as to what took place before bim as a juror. John McMahon was then about to he examined when tlio Altin ne-) Goueial again interposed, nu I the Ic'arni'il Judge eventually iul"il that the evidente was inadmissable. The- liest evidence ol wb it uas state'il hy the witness on the Inquest, being ll>c ele positlom taken by (lie* du oin ?-. I Mr. Koivc then moved, that the deposition of Ca shaw be- i tail, atte'r winch the learned Counsel was a.'iont to put some 'piesiioits to Ur. Killoran nu «orno alleged omissions, when Hw Honor ruled that the evide'tiee ».is inadmissible, iiitsmuch .is he should presume that Dr. Halloran, as Judge of his Court, had taken down in writing all that occurred. Patrick Sullivan.—I am private in the 39th Regt ; I know the prisoner Geason ; I saw him about 7 o'clock, on the evening ot 17tli August, ni lit" bir rack- roo n ; lie did not appfir t.) nie to he drtuilc. Cioss-examiucd. -I judge it w is 7 o\ lock, bemuse the t.it too was about an hour alter, which strikes up at 8 o'dock ; I know it was the 17lli ol' the month j I keep an account of the dates, because a month's grog has been stopped from me that month, and that a draft came from Port Macquarie that day ; Geason was in the barrack-room that evening at 7 o'clock, ht tor duly, and I call that sober ; 1 don't think hu had any dtitv to perform th it evening. Rc-c-<*mincd.—Geason was one of the party who disembarked from Port Macquarie that day, is I u lileist.iiul ; I have been in the country 14 months, and did not see Geason before that day. 11) the Couut_I had seen Geason in the Rest. in Ireland ; we were on duty in the same part of tho country. William Wildbore.—I am a corporal in 39th Regt; I know the prisoner Geason ; I did not see him in the barracks on the evening ot the 17th of this month. . Thomas Greenwood.—I am a private in the 39th ; I know the prisoner Geason by name only ; I did not see him in the barracks on the evening ot the 17th ; I know Danks by name only. Serjeant Hawkins.—I belong to the 57th Regt ; I know a person named Danks; I saw him in the street, near the barrack-wall, on the evening of the 17th; be appeared to have been drinking, but he was not drunk ; I saw no blood about him; I brought him to the barracks. . Richard Bray.—I belong to the 39th Regiment; I know the prisoner Geaason; I did not see him in the bariack on the evening of the 17th ; I know Danks; he was brought to the harracks between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening of Sunday, by sergeant Hawkins, and delivered over to corporal Wildbore; his hand was cut, and his belt smeared with blood. Cross examined.- Danks was so drunk that when he went out of the barrack-room, he was not able to make his bed. William Wildbore recalled.—I know Danks j Isair hi it on the evening of the 17th in (lie barrack-Kiom ; he was drunk, and wau dchvured over to nie* by ser- geant Hawkins ; 1 did not observe any blood about lu u; he way scarcely able to walk into the bairack roo n. ('loss-osamiiicd.-Geason had been at Port Mac quauc, and I don't lemomber It i vi air s»'cn lum he- lare tile 17til J 1 know that no troops lauded on .Suiidiy. Re cs tmincd.—Danks' cap was on when he was delivered over to me. Roger Craven.—I am private in the 39th Regt ; between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening ot Sunday the ¡7tli) 1 was in duracks; I know Danks; 1 saw lum in barracks a little betöre a o'clock that »ven- ing, drunk ; tueie was some blood on his belt ; he I was io drunk that he did not know what he was doing. John Mahon.—I am a private in the 39th Regt ; on the evening of Sunday the 17th, I saw Danks and ' Geason at Girard’s; Danks was drunk; Geason and Danks had no words there. The Hon. Colonel Lindesay.—I am Lieut-Colonel of the 39th Regt ; a detachment of the Regiment from j Port Macquarie landed at Sydney on the 17th ; Geason was one ol that party, he had been away about 12 months, or probably more ; I know the prisoner Walsh ; he has always borne the character of a re- iitarknble good mai!, and a »ell-conducted soldier ; I will be a year here invseli" in .Sept next, and Gul- son was not here when 1 came ; Danks was a scrjeant in my Regiment, and is non a private; 1 know of not'iuig respecting this matter that 1 can say 0.1 the part ot the prisoners. Cross-examined.- I know of no moral imputation against Danks to prevent his being believed on his oath. John Walter.—I am serjeant in the 39th Regt, and came to the Colony in the Countess of Har- court; the officers were Lieutenant Sleman, and Ensign Spencer ; they are not now in Sydney; a prisoner, named Thomas Dalton came out in the ship with me; I would not believe him on his oath, from his bad character. Cross-examined.—I am not aware that he per- jured himself in any case. The Counsel for the prisoners closed his case here. Mr. Justice Dowling then proceeded to sum up the evidence : - "GENTLEMEN OF THE JURY, " The grave and anxious enquiry in which we have been engaged, being now closed on both sides, it be- comes my duty to offer you my assistance in endea- vouring to arrive at such a conclusion as shall be as satisfactory to your own consciences, and consentaneous with the demands of public justice. " The subject of our enquiry ha«, I fear, produced much excitement in the nu'tlic mimi ; and, consider- ing the limited extent ol the community m which we live, it is impossible to suppose' th it von are stiaugcrs to 'the tiaiisiclion o.ut of .vmch this proseciiLtou arises. C very linly m li» Ins attended to the opera- tions of the hu inn mi.id, mut he sensible of the difficulty of div 'stuiz it of fust impressions an 1 pre- conceived opinions. I per« tide mjsalf, hawávcr, that the Gentlemen assembled in that I) >x, have, from tbsir education, au 1 tits lu hit j of ths.r livaj, such a mintcry over their own le/Oinjr« au will pie vent Ihur sober juilgnuiit li um liimiruivrileil by any impressions, imbibed Iroui «.oiiiuiuiuciliuii« ilsewhue, tone billi; the ti ipieul event now ontbr totistdei ittiin Any tullun u> utinointioii, in tins punit ol new hum nie, is, 1 know uni It ti, umieiessiiy towaul« <.( nile neil in your situ itiou As little ni ti ssu y Uso H li Or nie ti) idveit I > t it tiriuinst lute ol tin L,( ticio.1 lilli lily subsisting bet vi i n the nullt iry olh cer and tin pi tv ile sul her, lur, whilst tint tu turn «tuite might he «oppose I, in sume quillets, to pro elute i tuvoiahlc In is on the partot lite out towards the otlitr, every cainbil ami well constituted mimi must i hint that the str mg impulse of honor, iiilieieut ni Ilia In< ist ol tilt British Oihter, would itsti nu linn hu ii sw(rvni|»lro ii the sicrtil duty ot i I nur, tren it tin s ile nu obit ilion ot au otlli (lui nut optrita is i mint olih^itory (junie to Ins ton ii mice au I lu» jn Ig-mcnt Gentlemen, I shoal 1 not li ive nu le tin» ulisciyitioii, but tor the tutu nsliuet tint the pirtn« it t 1er ni. nation li ippcu to be « )l hers, in I th it tut li ib in ii, n »w tille I upon lo dm le this imp ii tint ti»i, i ,l>y the petuhu to islilutioii ot the Crinum! C mitol this Cilutiy, to up is* ii ni Uihtiry O in tis But, tiinlh neu, whilst tins tutu newitt piesses upon your nlttitini, you will not mulei it t . op« rite to tie elis i Iv intime ot tilt pnsniicrs Irani any sense of rigntor othei cm itiuu, that Untis'i h>\ her« should bave beta b( triytcl into ails subjeettug tbcin to th» invtstij iti ni ot crinum! |ustut, and, whilst you pi ml your minis agiuisl any mHi I npulsi, on iht one lund, towaiilstln accused, I am s ai o you will li nis i just scitst, on the other bud, ot wh it is due tithe ith u ltd livsnl tilt Countiy, by th« alleetd viol ilion ot which, Uellow to a violent (leith Gi lilli men, loiisidum,; tim ge nei ii tluruler ot the sutioly in wluib wclivi, md K neinhciiu^ the stile lind ton lltioii ol the uiiluitu n Ut individu ii, as to the cause ol whose iltitb we ire tit pin mt; into, it behnic-. us to tiki spcti ii tiru tint stuttan I imp uttal j islttt is uduiiunttrid We must never lor^et th it the persona alluded to tie lîiitish su ijeets, mid thout,li tin ir crimes, or tin ii inisl irlilncs, niiy hue «unsigned tiem to this rtinutc s Uli ment to espute pist olleiiies, tuty a l as in ith i ilillt Ho tin pi ile ellon ol lin law, whilst heit, is ¡my ol the in tit untainted ot Ills M ijtst) s peiipli Upon the pint ni I iiill-suliic id nuustratiuii ot jus tiee dtpen Is the will in ol sota ty tu ill eoutilms, but in this, the I iws ol the i nuit y wuul I sink tutu liisij,uthe mtt lid tuiittmpt, it lily oecasiou Wert f,ivtu to »o lal ti au opimo i) is thitt there < \ists in this t olouy wy pnv lej,cs (ruin the d spoin nions ot justin tt is our duly-we are liouti I hy oin o lilts Is tin interest* of s nie ty imperiously l ill upon us to It I ilistiihnte «tritt nul tven li iiidtd justici, winn tint» .till ii iipin lo ministe i ni its si ridtuuitio y lui pttssid »ith tilt i npoi tanee ol this obh., Uion, i 0 doubt mt, tint 3011, Geutlemin, will brine; your minds to the calm, temperate, and deliberate consideration of this most serios case, remembering that it tilt ptisouti» it iht uai bait put thtiustlvt» upon c G ni i d ilu 1 in iii v, h hu li tuunjry you ai , and ig tint you 11c un 1er the s il inn obtient »11 ot lu oath, c « w«ll mil truly to try' fit ti, leeordui^ to the ti idence I " Hiving- ni ida Ultu lew pu li mun y obterratiu n 1 (torwhteh 1 liust 1 shill ut nut ixuis I), it I names ls mc I > hrui¿ your mi ids to tilt n ii ire uf 11«. th ir¿c ,o 11. linst tilt »iitril pii-,nuci> it the hir, 1 1 1 txpln 1 to you the law applicable to their several cases. "The prisoner John Geason is charged as a prin cipal, and John Herbert and William Welch as accessories to the murder of Terence Rooney. I ! u lu point ol lui theit is no distuutiu 1 bit reen 7 priunpil ml itti smit s, iii min hi, is to le¿\l ret c. (i 1 itibiht), ' tor ill an pimtipils, in 1 it is nut nu I tuial who it tu ill v dil the min lei' (hex a iValhs ,L an I o thai», .'s ill» JJ ¡J I beril ire < li A be indiitid ,,, as hiving ¡,ivin the morl il stroke, 111 li and C as , pi e still iiihun uni issislio,, nil upo 1 tbt tiidiuce 'jj it lppcus tint It ¡, i\t the stn let nil lamil, wf 10 |lf only aiding and as-.sisltnB, it maiiititns the itiditt ) ment, tod j« Indient slull be given a¿uiust t lern ill, 7 foi ti is only u iiuu nstaiiti ii v ni met, and 111 law it t is ihe stroke ot all tint weie pi use at, ailing; nul abtttiuif (lillie, »US i'luu Coin !)8, 'J C1 07, h y I Ris? Uaikmlly, 1 lustp Iii o, s lil, p dvd) u j Upuu lins pruieiplt it has hetu held that 111 Hit t tso ,( ot 1 duel ni cul I hlou I, nut o/ily the priutipii whoai tu illj kills tht other, hut u!» 1 his »ecuu 1 is guilt) ot murdti (1 Hilt, Ui, 4j2, I liai k p 0, c Jl, 4 Jl) lnurilti, however, to mike au al rttor ti nu irder, a priutipal iii tbt (cluny, bo must ht présent, aiding; and abetting the tait tom ollie 1 i In pt trence how e\ tr need not alway s be an attu ii st 111 hu^ hy within Ri^bt or he inn j ot the titi, tor tne-t niiy be 1 ton »truetnt píeseme, as when win tom mt» a murd r, uni mother ku ps v itehort uird it sume euilvciiicnt dist 1 at (1 U ile, bl >, io»t .I'iO, i Bli l oin J4) t li it 1 (leituii nuy lu puse it, .uni u 11 it iidiug a id ubetlin0, he ueiliii r piuieijiil nut «ecinarv , as ii i h ippc 1 I j he pi e» ni ala murdal, au 1 t ike nu p irt L iii it, our en leavour 11 pitvent ii, 01 to ippieue id ,, tilt murrin cr, tins uti m^e hthuuiur thouah highly ,t tri mini, will notut itstlt rta Itr him cilhei priutipal or aettssory (1 ust ¿V), 1 11 ilt, 1JJ) 1 " Hith 1 tupeet, therel ire, (11 the two pi notier» who u are tiuintd as aitis,ancs to fus alliai 1 murder, r as»u uin¿ lim 1 murder in ponto!' liv hi« been y t mi mtted by the su >p )scd principal, bcturt you can t tomitt tot 11 ot muidi r, you musí he sitislie 1 that ; they were ptcseut udui,j 1 id aiitUui¿ tut (act tinigtd ti he nun der. 1 " Beioie bowevci y 111 r 1 u* tu t'ie c > isi li ration j of dictase» of the pnsouets thaigtda» ¡ttttssatic», you will hr>t hive ti deter mill w itlber tatrt Ins r been a murJcr, 01 tint wbieh 111 point ot lur 1 luunU , to 1 murUei, toanuitte 1 ay notât out of tut pn \- soutrs. 1 u I lie 111 foi nition clurjes the illejeJ oiTemc to * have been to n nittt 1 with muliLi ajo) <-th m ¡ht, tint« dcatrih|-i¿ tilt oltt itt 1 i tbt teeliiucil I hij-iij^c in wini 11 it is dtlinc I by law < Hit li(|U dell lihou of mmdtr is, the killin, my person un 1er ic King't 1 pe ite, with milite prepttist or alurtlli tomtit, either tvprcssor 1 uphill by liw Ot ins dtscuptt m, the J nnhce prepense, inuhtil putLijitata, is the chief tlnrieteristte, the gi md trtlerioa, by whith murdal is to he distinguished fro 11 my otlitr speeies 01 ho ' niiei It It «Iiuul 1 li 11 tver, be ohstrvtd, th it wht 1 tht I iw 111 ikes use ol tbt ti 1111 ' nullte iloiclh lu^ht,' is litsci iplive of the ti nut ol mar Itr, it is tiut to he un ler.iîo id meiely iii tht se isc otapimtiplc ot male j viilcace to parlicul ir 1 nilvidu ils, hut is mc iinnj; that tie (itt Ins hecn atteadtd with suth cirtu list nut, is lit tue or luury syiu,iti ns Oi 1 witke 1, leprived, ' ail nilibili ilspint, Una triff irdlmo! »uti ii duty, . au Idehbtialtly bent up > 1 mi5ii, idi), Au i, lu ¿cutral, any formed di»i¿u ot doni(j tiisthiti ' ni iy ht t illed m dite , j.n 1 therejutt nut such killin); j only is ¡mo te U Iroji pttnie lil tied halted 01 rt I venge a.ainsi the person killi 1, bit 1U0 11 ni my 1 olhti ciies, suth killing isi« icioupi led 11 ilh tir- en ust mee» tint fchiw the htait ti he pei reiscly witked, 1» aljud¿el tobe ut malice pt eptnte, and 1 »use jucntly muriel (1 iliwk p. b, t ¿I, a l8, I osttr, 3o7, 1 Halt 4v>l, Abl) " Malice my be citbei «xjiejs or 1 upbed by hw Cspi'tas ni lint is, when one pera >n kills (muther with i scdjti, deliiicrile mini, md toruiid design, muli lur m J distan ¡iim¿ 1 vide nu I hy cstcunl en elim.Unies, disLuvtrni^ the uiw ir 1 intention, as lyi i" lu witt, anttecdeiit menace«, lunner grud¿c», 1 id touteittii sent; nts to do t le party s une bodily lur n(l Hile, 4al, i blic. Con li) f) And mallee is 1 nphiil by law li mi any dell male truel aet, com- muted l»v one person igainst auoiliti, howtvn sod den, linn, where a m ni kills luotiitr suddenly, without any, or without a tonsi lei able provocation, tie lur implies milice , (or 110 pir3ou, unless ot an aban loned ueart, would be £iulty ot suth in att upon a slight or no app ircnt cause An 1 it should ne eibsened is annual rule, that all homicide 1« presu ni 1 tu be m lintons, and ot collrae amounting to munlii, undi the to Urn v appears (rum cm um. ?tnices ol ilteviatiun, exeiise, or justihcition , an I that it ir ultu nbtnt upon tne prisoner lu mike nu .util tutu ust mees to the sitial 1 non of tht Court and jury, utiltss they arise out ot the tíldente pro .1 Hedda.; mist bun It should be aUi reinirke I, that where the defe ne tests upo j some violent provo tiiKjn, itwillnjt ivail, lijwerer grievous such a provocation miy have been, if it appears that tbeie w is au interval of reflection, or ii reasonable tant fir the blood t» luve cooled 1 Uki tin dca Hy pur put ivis tHeeled And proiotilion will ht no amwti to proof of express millee, sojbat it, upon 1 pmoeilion icttiVed, ona |i irty ilelmerittly and idusedly denountt ve ige mu ¡¿u ist tht other, as hy detluiii^ t m1 ha uill hill, hu blood, or the I1I.1, nidiifteiw U tairy Ins elc-si^ 1 11U0 execution, he will ht (fuilty of mu (cr, altbou¿i tilt deitli hap pencd so recently liter Hie piovoiution na that tim law ini¿l>t, ipart fro 11 sacb tridtuce ol exprès» nu I hrt», Iwie iitipnieJ the i ' ta uwuIvhö ípriíiínil (í Last, p. c c 0,B. 15, p. 224 "'J he willeri, upon this briMt of the criminal I iw, have di> ided cast s ol murder into dillcrcnl classe*, winch it w unnecessary lor nie on I liu» occasion to psr ticti!inzr Oin, how \ei, ot thesi »lisses is cm«* ofprototatton, «ilhui wuk li c1 iss, I think the i ise now undei couiiidtririon uny be lu ti» d Os in I hu-s .Although itccrlaiulv does not ippi ii tluit the unlor tun ile ullin, who I au lost hi» lue, li til Riven uny the .lightest piovoailiou to the puly by whom the limi- tai wound was intlictiil Indeed, according to the evidence, he tippetts lo li ive been in iniohViiilitig ptssenger in (lu street, at the lune ol the ti insu tiou m cpiestion 1 Hunk, however, it nuv now tuirl-, na collettid, Iront ill llu cucum»! ince» ol the cur, timt the person who indicted (he mort ti numil actt-a under a supposition, in his blind fury, that the deceased had either himself, or was one of the persons »ho hi I given lum some protoe ilmn Vu wing th« (i uisu lion in th ii h¡,ht, whieh iii point of cb irity wn may lairly issunie lo le the list, I nhill minim yon, wini the law is, is ipplietble lu such n slate ol as- sumed piovntution " As the induit,« nee wluc'i n shewn b\ the law, m «onie cuses, to the In it li inspoit ol p is.iun, is a coil . desetu lou lo the trull-, ot hum in natuie, lu the, /ia or bl cus, which, while the litii/v I isis, initier« 4. ni lu de it to Hie voice ol if ison , ho Hie pimoiation, whu li is allowed to extent! vii in the e ist ni bonni ide, must he soint thing windi a mun is coiuciuiis io, which he li els ind resents itt the tust ntl the late whu li li» would ( slenu ile is committed. Ali (he en cunislintcs ol the case ni ist had to the concíllalo i, Hut the m( «lout, though intentional of »loath oi gre it bodily hut ni, u is not toe itsitltot i cool deb- hel tit judgment, nul pievious ni dignity ot heart, but «olely'nnputiblc to 'nu nu inhnnily (1 t.usi I' (> c 5, s ty, p ¿u2) I or Hine me man j tin m1, an I sonn con i lei min provocltious, which ¡tie not per- mití» I to est« nu tU ni iel of ho nu ide, or re hot toe »onilusioti of uiihee, to ninth (ho othei uren u Htiiiics ol the cue in ty leid 'I liou0h tu uSsàull m idT with » lolcnce, or ciicumsl nice s of ludigmt}, upon i man's pcisou, mid K-tinted inimcdltlely by tin p irty, le ling in the In at ol bl tod, upon that pro- vocation, uni kill n" the !{,"!»ssor, will reduce tin crime to miusliu"ltUr, jet it must bj, no mt tus he uuenisto ni, tint (he »nine »ill he* so i xfciiinh ti hy mt) Irivitl piuVoc it on, which, in point ni Inivin./ nu mut loan assault, nor in e mes ci en by it bl i» - Violent acts ol i< sentaient, I« mug na piopurtiou to the provocttiou or insult, arc b minons, proitidm« r tiber li oin hi util uiihgiuly thin human It ullt\ , lind birbuity will olle t make milne IJy lj> <1 | Holt, Ivcitc's eise, . nuh i ti, tn ts.itiK, lhou"l» illegal, will not leduee the ci line ol Hit poly killin^ I the pi rson issauliuig lum to m nul tuijitci, wheie thu retentéis d sproputdonate mil htrbtrous " littvinn (bus hi ittd to j on t ic Ji», i tease* nlieie tltcpirty accused ol null d'r, is «¡iippusid to hue acted unclei protocafion received irom the »ki ti te I " The hrst (-ucsliou lor jour loruudiriliuo, u respect* the priucipttl Itlon in Ihm eise, is, r ts titi. »bulli of the deeeojtd jj ti tun yee isionttl b) his act ' «ml " 1 lien, tccondly, isriuming that (he piisurcricic I uudtr a sense ol piuvucatlou, wu the it vein,» tike i, by the means and untuner ot Us in.heli -ii, piopoi tioued to the Hitpposed provo» tlton, and umlel th iiitiueucc ol the lint transpon ol (> usion, oi did tin: pruonci act tit sue It t in timer is betokc icd a wicked, depraved, tod m iii-,ti tut spirit, a in irt u-.-irdiei. ol soi lui dutj, uid delibcrttely bent upon unsihiti , for it jon arc of opinion that he actid uti 1er thesi impulses, then (ho I »it implici mallet, and lie will ne quilty ol murder ' " iiut, it on the othei hind, you are of opinion that the means ol untile wis pioportiuuid to die sut posed proruialton, and tint he ti ted under the hrst ti tn.poit of passion, whilst the irtnry listed, ntl when he *i»ili I to tile v jue oi icason, an I nctota lit hail a >u ht lent iniei » ii of n Jlet lion, ot ti teano i t able time tor the blood to hive c'ded bt/oit t in j deadlv pin pu»e wes eli.»ted, then the li«,iti conti seeiistou (o toe Ir tilly of the lunn ni traine, »ni exit míale the oliciiti, anti udute it to matts!night! But here 1 should obset ve, lb it inebriety hy me tu i ol Injiior, will be no excuse, loi t drunken m lu 1» a» inuelt renpousihle tu thecve ot the lu», is hewn» »uliers his pissions lo be moused by aiij ullin me ins- ot exi tLenient. '. tor the consider »lion of the two several <|Uc*. tious, 4*!«»peels mt paily clurncd its ipi milpa! ii tin* iildiitmeuti 1 hate now to iiirue your atitotii/t to th» évidence." the Itarued Judge then minutely recipitul tied the whole ol lite etidtucc, i ominen t/itg is lie pro- ceeded upon the i trions diserep tuen s m nul« st in dillticnl p trts ot it, anil cont'uiled by repelling (I . ijuistioiis, ulueli he b loic mid were proper loi Hi . consideration ol the It>ty, iiitiui iling lo them lu it, nilli resptel t ti tlle^cd accissorie», lhere were 6neu extenuating cucuiustancts ni their ease j as, in lil« judgment, fairly rebutted the prestí option, (lue they were du telly ailing ant abetting the let which w t« charge I against the prisoner Geuson I'd illy, he told them, th t( ii tiny weie if opimo i tint (reason aetetl on the impulse ol the moment, and belore hit passion Ind lune to cool, th tit hu u'lciite would ttsiutue lite minc mitigated chaiactcr of manslaughter, in which c ne the other prtsoncl » would» leal Ij be « ntitle 1 to tnacuiiiltil With Him chti"the leu the Jttiv to »lisehaiga the i iiisiuus duty, saltshed tint, wintle ver then dcteiiitiuatio » tai^htbt, it must be consistent with the interests of the Public. The Jury, after consulting for about a quarter of an hour, found the prisoner Geason guilty of Manslaughter, and acquitted the other prisoners. lue AuollNi- V Ut SMtAi pi tycd tit tt the priso- ners llei bert and W »lill might be »let lined till the following morning i he whole ot the pi lionel s were rtininded accuidingly SATURDAY, 30th John Herbert and William Walsh were placed at the bar, and discharged by proclamation, on the motion ol the Attorney Genet ti 