To the Editor of The Australian. SIR.—Let it not be inferred from the above quotation, that I mean to insinuate that the Spectator and Nisimachus are equal to Old Nick himself, at quoting scriptures; is only by way of comparison between great things and small things, between the arch fiend and two arch liars—"sic parvis com- ponere magna, solebam." I have seen Spectator's 3d and 4th letters; but the second escaped my notice. O what a loss! gut one solace is left me, that I am sure that they are all of a piece. I have also noticed the straggling, splenetic tirade of his auxiliary Nisimachus; it is a complete farrago of mis- quotings, misnomers, ribaldry, and anachronisms—argu- ments without reason, and assertions without proof—accom- panied with inane endeavours to bring into disrepute, by his unblushing contumely, the tenets of the Church, coining falsifications as groundihss and unsubstantiated as ever were invented by the Father of Lies. The Spectator in letter the 3d attempted to define "heresy" and to make a false application of it to the Catholic Church; a name never before given to her by the most audacious and malevolent calumniator, And what's his reason? because she is Catholic; which name she has retained, in despite of her spoilers, these eighteen hundred years; and though it had been often attempted to wed her to an heretical crown, she was too fond of her divine consort, to change her hereditary name. Among all the sects that once had lived, and now are mute, asleep, and of all the sects now swarming the land, subverting the moral and religious order by their fractions and subdivisions of the faith of Christ, sundering society into piecemeals of contention, sowing the seeds of discord among neighbours, making families peaceless, and causing the sweets of social happiness to be solved in the foul breath of every self-created sectarian, I ask have you ever known one of them that has separated from her Catholic bosom, that has not been branded by some novel surname?—as soon as he left his mother he lost her name. My friend Spectator attempted to pourtray "heresy;" but his definition appeals to be too much in the shade, and requires, I think, that I should throw some light upon the subject.—That proposition or doctrine is said to be heretical, which is manifestly, formally, and di- rectly opposed to the doctrine of the faith, or to that doctrine revealed by God, and defined by the Church; hence, this proposition is to be considered formally, and directly hereti- cal, by which a person would assert with Arius, that "Christ is not con substantial with the Father;" because this is direct- ly and formally opposed to the doctrine of faith, as revealed by God, and so declared by the Church at the first Council of Nice; and afterwards in many other Councils. Thus, also, a person who, agreeing in opinion with Macedonius, would say "the Holy Ghost is less than the Father and the Son, and not God." his proposition would be also heretical, be- cause formally and directly opposed to the doctrine revealed by God, and declared by the Church in the first Council of Constantinople against Macedonius; so likewise, if a person asserted with Nestorius, that "there were two persons in Christ," the assertion would be heretical; because opposed to the doctrine of faith, revealed by God, and defined by the Council of Chalcedon, against Eutiches and Dioscorus. In like manner, in the innovations of Cranmer, Luther, and Cal- vin, Bucer and Berengarius, were heretical; because formally and directly opposed to the doctrine of faith revealed by God, and defined in the Council of Trent. For, doctrine is said to be heretical from the word "hœresi," which signifies choice or election; because heresy is always the choice of one's own private opinion, and opposed to the doctrine of the Universal Church; in which opposition chiefly consists the nature of heresy; and without which no one can be considered, pro- perly speaking, heretical—because heresy is nothing else than an error in faith, persisted in with contumacy: or it is an er- ror in regard of faith, adopted by one's self, contrary to the judgment of the Catholic faith. Heresy is thus defined by Doctor Johnson in his pronounc- ing dictionary:—"Heresy is the opinion of private men; different from that of the Catholic and Orthodox Church." But let it be remarked, that he does not say (as Nisimachus would have it) "different from the Lutheran or Calvinist, or Johnny Knox's Kirk trumpery, or from any of those new- light, or sky-light sects;" but the Doctor defines it "dif- ferent from the Catholic and Orthodox Church;" but per- haps Nisimachus will tell the credulous (who do not take the proper means of inquiry about the Alpha and Omega of their religion), that his is the Catholic Church—but if his be the Catholic Church, why is it not so called? why is it not known by that name? If you inquire in any part of the universe for the Catholic Church, will you be directed to any other than the Roman Catholic Church? No; every other is but a patch-work, collected "from the opinions of private men, different from the Catholic and Orthodox Church."—Vide Dr. Johnson. If I could have forseen (as I easily might) that the Spec- tator could be so soon precipitated from the summit of his observatory, I, tor game's sake, and for the pleasure ano- ther shot, would have suffered him to continue longer on the wing—but, by the first shot, he was, winged, and his ruffling pinions scarcely enabled him to flutter as far as letter the<[...]>th. But, to my great surprise, a preacher of the name of Nisi- machus comes up, and takes my expiring game as a trophy. "Nec habet victoria laudem"—"his victory deserves no praise." But who is this, sir oracle? who, although split from him and me, yet joins him against me. "Male olet" —"he smells of calumny;" but we will make him sti?e in his own report. Spectator, your auxiliary and cousin Nisi- machus, displays more chagrin than fraternal charity—he names you a thread-bare juggler, an actor, and an embezzler of the public money; in a word, he tells you as much as to go home, and to live by your puppet show. And why all this, but "because you are a christian"—but more—"for that, in low simplicity, he lends out money gratis, and brings down the rate of usance here, with us in Sydney. 'Tis like the usurer charging the cozener.—Look sharp, and mount your observatory, and with your microscopic eye mark the butterfly for me, and I will fix it in your spider- claws, that you may hold it for my dissection. The insidious allusions of Nisimachus, referring to R. College Maynooth, and Hyde Park Chapel, are as silly and futile as they are irrelevant and abortive - O, Mr. Editor, and Readers, do you perceive one imaginary link of con- nexion between my argument on the infallibility of the Ca- tholic Church proved from the most evident and demonstra- tive texts of scripture (without either note or comment) - my expose of the cruelty and impieties of the first reformers (improperly so called), and my justification of Black Tom- my's baptism, where, I repeat it, is the relation? "Si Nisus nomesset, Nisimachus perfectus esset." Stay my Lord! Let your reason with your choler question—what it is you go about—"to climb steep hills requires slow pace." In the Royal College of Maynooth there are 350 ecclesias- tical students, and generally as many, or more, lay students connected with its premises. In this respectable establish- ment every ecclesiastic, before he is permitted to "go and preach the gospel," is obliged, not only to have a competent knowledge of the living and dead languages, but he also must devote eight years to the study of moral and experi- mental philosophy—moral and dogmatical theology—he cannot be ordained before four-and-twenty—so that one- half of the ordinary age of men is spent in the college, se- qutslered from society,, and occupied in the exercise cf piety, religion, and mental improvement. There, ?a |jr,est, o{ -preacher, or gos.pi.ller, never staits from thu lap-board, th- shuttle, the block, the anvil, or the capenicrs bench - he a not created in a mornenl, by taking a bible in his hand—, neither can, as-' minus habens,' or 'Dunciad,' obtain DiJ). ' or a fools . up, without merit— he niu»t ' be called as- Aaron was, and legitimately ordaiijed a priest for ever, according to ''' the order ot ngelchisideck.'1 A^- to (he puerile remark 911 ' Hyde Park Chapel, it reduces Nisimachus to nought. Roinu was not built m, a day. As to the paraphrase ot O'Rourkc, on the classics, it is like the-bailad '. And were you at the christening of Billy O'Rourke.v ? - Q, Sir, to w,i}ftil men^ the injuries tha,t they (hemselici procure '- ' ? Must be then schoolmasters. — King Lear — A. 2, s. 13, ' You tell ,nie, iriencl N.isimac hus, that I have done ycu or your cause an injury, by'givinglhe record? of Engu-h lns.J tory asfmhfully as ll^ive ijead them, and from Protestant historians too, concerning those great and good men whom you acknowledge to have been the foundlings and cham pions of the Protestant Reformation, you have called me 'Raca ; ' yet, as I am not a Jew, I will not have revenge. You descended to graceless personalities with Spectator, and with, me, but I shall not imitate your faulls, nor trace the sjirjie pf, ypiu- tongue. Be not in wrath. Be to yourself as you would ,be to your friend. . Who has. 'made 'the fir-t ag^ ' gression ? Was it not a set of snarling- scribblers, dealing out , the most abominable' and slanderous falsehoods every week, without provocation, against the Catholic Church ' I am as averse as you' to polemics, of any description, and would. not have made the wounds and abominations of the Reformers (more properly named deformers.) to bleed open again, if myself and my Religion had not been daily traduced When my phur Ins assailed by vituperation, and attacked by "ly. ing tongues,' I must be in a trance, otherwise the sting will spur me info action, and adopt the motto of Britannia-, ' England expects every man shall do his duty.' Nisimachus refers me to Roscoe's -Biography qf Pope Leo X;.— to Roscoe, there is as much credit due from any - christian of any persuasion, as there is to Hume, Voltaire, Diderot, or Condorset— they were all anti christian writers,' until the awful hour of death, then they sighed for christiani- ty and the Catholic faith, but were deprived of the consola- tion by the insanity of sickness, and the prevention of their deistical associates — Vide Maureaux's History of the French Revolution. Instances of a similar nature we witness every day. A Catholic's becoming Catholic at' the unbiassed hour or dissolution, when the dread of eternity severs their affection from the prejudice and emoluments of this world, and its mortal sweets. The unsullied character of our Popes he has not left un touched. Out of the long succession of Popes, during these eighteen hundred years, he could not sum up sufficient et frontery to attaint but one Alexander the Sixth : and of him he has told an egregious lie. I defy the history of nations to charge one Pope, from the days of Saint Peter, with a single proposition of heresy or schism--an admirable proof of the firmness. truth, and constancy of the rock on which their throne is fixed. As to*PJuses the 6fh and rth,' all Emope can Hear testimony of their sufferings in their unbending firmness in the days of Buonaparte, in supporting truth and justice, and the Chur.h of Christ ' ' Njsjmachus also refers me to I he letter of D.uke Mirandula to Pope Leo X. j and be jt recorded to his unguarded ignor ance, and illogical soph.sliy, tljat by quoting fins cxtracf, l\a Iiassea'ed his own condemnation. ' These aie the disease, you must 1 me. O supreme Ponti t— these aie the wounds you must hi^al (such were tht malauies att^e t)me of the Reior maUon)r-otherwise, if you refuse to apply the remedy, I am greatly afraid that he whose vicegerent you are on earth (granted), should come speedily and cut off the polluted members of his Church, with fire and sword.?' It is on this principle that the Head of the Church, at the time of the Reformation, cpt off the polluted members of her communion, Cranmer, Luther, and 'Calvin, and cast them like wildings' or noxious weeds, over the garden walls of the Church. — ' If uny one abide not in me, he shall' fie cast forth as a branch, and shall wither, and they shall gather him up and cast him into, the fire, and he burneth.'-r( John, xv c. v. 6), How many rolten bran- hes have beenj(ppt off the tree of the. Chuich? How many heresies hdv'iSftn ithered away ? and, howvmany db still remain as Uiel for tiite fir)j ' ? ' Now Nisimachus sajs, 'if Luther 'ana jCal vin had beeu* ' the men you represent them,' &c.; ^ly answer to that is—, if they be misrepiesented, lot him lay th.e chaige of obloquy on all English historian who have heated of the era of tlie Reformation. I don't mean to retort upon him those heinousi and detestable crimes m wrn h'tlm R-iforination was liatchecj, and which should have been buried iri eternal oblivion ; but while he justihes Uie bad, fp criuiinate the good, it must bo ' admitted (.hat sik-nce in. that cape might be construed into, consent ' Qui tacet consentire vjdetur.' *' '* 2*fow I have done with jou, for /he present, my outward sainted deputy. I will not allow your settled visage, or your deliberate word to nip the truth, in this infant Colony. I shill, always put the blight upon your taies. I shall not al low your cockle segd to su (locate the wheat and the goodly . corn.— As the Spectator is a man of fetters, j. shall again re peat my former syllogism ; which neither he nor Nisima chus had ike assurance or ability to gainsay. TheChur. h. ' at the lime of the .Refoi mation', was in error, or it .was not j but, if the Church was in er-oiv the error was attr^bated to Christ, who declaied that his,Chuicb was hujlt upon a rock — the pillar of truth -that he had sent the Paraclete to .teach , it all truth, and behold ' I am myself with you to the con*' ,' summation of time,' and ' the gates of,hell shall never pre* vail against it ;' but God can 'neither deceive or he deceived, or break his covenant. -Tbeiefore, as we,have the pledge of infinite ^ruth, for the in- errability rof ihe,Clnirch, 'tis bjas phainy (o impute an error toiler Head and Founder ', cou sequentKr, ifjthe^Church coyldnot be'.in error, wl^y d,id,Spec tator, Nmmachus, apd.their progenitors .separate ftom it?, ?*? The first mentioned Reformer, aud father of ,the rest, Luther, was not ashamed to preach a« follows:—' As'itii not in my power to cease to be a man, so it is^^qt in my power to be without a woman— as .it is ne- ess^ry *o eat, dnnv^-blowthe nose,' &«?; '(Serra, de MatMm.Toni. v. Witr - temb.)-^-' He.that resolVes to be wi'Uiout a' womani let him ^ lay aside the natuie ot a* man, and ma.keth)inself an angel' ot spirit.' — 'EpUt-aJ Wolfgang).— And j^t be elsewhere ac- -, knowkdgp-, that \vfr_n he was a Catholi'c, 'and lived injhis - monastery, he observed chastity, puoisjiing his body with watching, fasting-, and prayer. -(iLtith. in Jr^j. Ad.'Galat.) In his book '6J confession he acknowledges, that he was nine years endeavouring to stifle the remorse of' conscience, ra biit could' not overcome it.~(Lib.rCon.') So much /or the principles by which ',,the great ami good * Refurineis' were actuaied in shaking off ths austerities aacl vigorous trammels ot Mother jChuich. -X remain. Me Editor, with every respect, 'Yom obliged.hqmble servant, NISUS. ^ydni;y,amrcii t.j^s. 