NEWS BY THE ROYAL GEORGE. We have received London Papers to the 25th of August, from which we hasten to extract the most interesting particulars. It seems that His Royal Highness the DUKE of CLARENCE was about to resign his office of Lord High Admiral ; but whether this was certain, or only conjectured, and from what causes the intention to resign could have arisen, we cannot ascertain from the papers before us. Such information as they do afford, we proceed to lay before our Rea- ders ; and the moment we receive more sa- tisfactory particulars, we shall commit them to press. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. At three o'clock on Monday (July 28), the Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Welling- ton, the Earl of Shaftesbury, Viscount Melville, and Lord Ellenborough, took their seats as the King's Commissioners for pro- roguing the Parliament. Few of the Peers were present. In the House of Commons at the same hour, Mr. Charles Grant was about to move for returns, when the Deputy Usher of the Black Rod was announced. The Speaker, accompanied by sixty Members, presented themselves at the bar of the House of Peers. The Royal Assent was given to the Appio 1>riation, the Sugar Unties, the Benefices iesigualion, the Savings Banks Act Conso- lidation, end the Wal coi Charities Bills. The Clerk read the commission of proro- gation. The Lord Chancellor read the following Speech : - .. My Lords and Gentlemen,-We are commanded by h s Majesty to acquaint you, that the business of the Session having been brought to a close, his Majesty is enabled to release you from your attendance in Par- liament. His Majesty commands us at the name time to return to you his warm ac- knowledgements for the zeal anil diligence ?with which you have applied yourselves to the consideration of many subjects of- gteat 'importance to the public welfare. '* The provisions which you have made for the regulation of the import of com, combining adequate protection for domestic .gricultuie, with due precaution ag.inst the consequences of a deficient harvest, will, in i the confident expectation'of his Majesty, promote the inseparable intensts of all classe» of hi» subjects. '.'We me commanded by his Majesty to acq íaíiit you, that his Majesty continues lo .reeeivtifrom his Allies,-and from all Foreign Powers, assurances of their friendly diaposi .ti.-n towaida this couniry. The endeavours of his Majesty to effectthe pacification of Greece in concert with his Allies, tile King -of.France ¡tn I the Emperor of Russia, line continued unabated. His Imperial Majesty han found himself under the necessity of de clating war against the Otjotnan Poite upon giodnds concerning exclusively tho jnteieets of his own dominions and unco.i :»ectedwitb the stipulations of ti e tieaty of the Gib July, 1827. His Maje,ty deeply laineuts the occurrence of these hostilities, «nd will emit no ellort of fnenily i. ttrpo eition to redore per.re. The determination of the, Pc weis, parties lo tbe treaty of .(he 5th July, to effect the objects of that treaty, remains unchanged. His Imperial Majesty has consented to waive the exercise in the Mediterranean Sea, of any rights appertain- ing to his Imperial Majesty in the character of a belligerent power, and to recall the separate instructions which have been given to the commander of his naval forces in that sea, directing hostile operations against the Ottoman Porte. His Majesty will, there- fore, continue to combine his efforts with those of the King of France and his Imperial Majesty, for the purpose of carrying into complete execution the stipulations of the treaty of London. " His Majesty commands us to acquaint you, that his Majesty had every reason to hope, when he last addressed you, that the arrangements which had been made for ad- ministering the government of Portugal until the period at which the Emperor of Brazil should have completed his abdica- tion of the throne of Portugal, would have secured the peace and promoted the happi- ness of the country, in the welfare of which his Majesty has ever taken the deepest in- terest. The just expectations of his Ma- jesty have been disappointed, and measures have been adopted in Portugal in disregard of the earnest advice and repeated remon- strances of his Majesty, which have com- pelled his Majesty and the other Powers of Europe, acting in concert with his Majesty, to withdraw their representatives from Lis- bon. His Majesty relies upon the wisdom of the august Sovereign, the head of the house of Braganza, to take the course which shall be best calculated to maintain the interests and honour of that Illustrious Family, and to secure the peace and happiness of the country over which it reigns. " Gentlemen of the House of Commons,— We are commanded by his Majesty to thank you for the supplies which you have granted to him for the service of the present year. His Majesty will apply them with the ut- most regard to economy, and will continue a deliberate revision of the several public establishments, with a view to any further reduction which may be compatible with the dignity of the Crown and with the per- manent interests of the country. " My Lords and Gentlemen,— His Ma- jesty commands us to congratulate you upon the general prosperity of the country, and upon the satisfactory state of the public re- venue. His Majesty contemplates the in- crease of our financial resources with pe- culiar gratification, on account of the de- cisive proof which it exhibits that the con- dition of his subjects is one of progressive improvement. " His Majesty commands us, in con- clusion, to assure you, that his unabated exertions will be directed to inculcate among Foreign Powers a spirit of mutual good-will, and to encourage the industry, to extend the commerce, and advance the general welfare of his own dominions,'' The Lord Chancellor then declared Par- liament prorogued till Thursday the 28th of August. We have studiously avoided the intro- duction, into our present columns, of our usual local matter, which happens to have proved, however, of much more interest than usual. But we were aware that our Readers were thirsting for English News, and as we have been handsomely furnished with the very latest Papers in the Colony, we were determined that the Public should slake their thirst. In our next we shall not fail lo give publicity to that which may be found wanting in our present pages. The King, we are proud to announce, was in the enjoyment of his usual good health when the Royal George sailed. A Legislative Council was convened on Thursday last. The object, it is reported, was, the affairs of the Bank of New South Wales with regard to the loan which that Institution so distressingly needs, and with- out which —— we shall say no more. But we are told things are in a hapless way— that the Bank will not listen to the proposals of Government— and that, of course, there's an end to the negotiation, if not an end to us all, for some months to come. Why not the Bank consent to any terms ; and if it be a sine qua non that the Bank should be dissolved in a given period, why not consent, and when Government are satisfied with the re-payment of the loan, establish a Bank upon more solid principles, if solidity be wanting ? In what mercantile involvment have some of our notorious political economists involved us all in 2 or 3 years ! EDWARD DEAS THOMSON, Esq. the Suc- cessor to THOMAS DE LA CONDAMINE, Esq. who has arduously officiated for some time as Clerk of the Councils has arrived on the Royal George. Yesterday evening that spirited Merchant, Mr. Pitman, of George-street, Sydney, who has long since patriotically transferred his fortunes from America in favour of Aus- tralia, entertained a large party of friends in his accustomed liberal style. The Elizabeth, Captain Collins, safely reached England on the 20th of August ; and the Orelia, also from this Colony, had gained her destined haven in safety. The Lady Rowena and Timandra, mer- chantmen, had arrived at Launceston, from London, on account of the Van Diemen's Land Company. Methodist Conference.— The design of appointing Bishops, of which we lately heard something in the newspapers, has been abandoned, if it ever was seriously entertained. The Rev. Jabez Bunting is appointed President, and the Rev. Ro- bert Newton, Secretary. The increase of Methodists, during the past year, has been, in Great Britain, 7,955, Foreign Missions, 2,025.— Spectator, August 9. Earl Belmore is the new Governor-in- Chief for Jamaica ; Major-General Lewis Grant to be Governor of Trinidad ; Sir James Kempt the new Governor of the Ca- nadas; Sir Peregrine Maitland to be Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia; and Sir John Colborne to be Lieutenant Gover- nor of Upper Canada. The gallant soldier and historian of his countrymen's achievements, Major General David Stewart, has been appointed Go- vernor of St. Lucia. Earl Chesterfield has been appointed a Lord of the Bedchamber, in the room of Viscount Melbourne, resigned. Sir Astley Paston Cooper to be Ser- jeant-Surgeon to the King, in the room of Sir Patrick Macgregor deceased. The establishment of the Treasury of the India House was to be broken up, and the business to be transacted at the Bank of England. The British Traveller, of the 19th of August, says :— LONDON, August 19.— " It is with great satisfac- tion we announce to the public, upon authority which we can rely, that the Duke of Clarence is to continue in his office of Lord High Admiral. We rejoice in being able to make this communication, not only because it will prove highly gratifying and beneficial to the service, but because the resignation of His Royal Highness was likely to have led to one or two appointments, neither of which we can ven- ture to say, would have satisfied the country. The opinion in the political circles was, that either Lord Grey or Lord Melville would have succeeded to the head of the Admiralty. As for the former of these noble persons we never heard that nautical affairs had formed my part of his knowledge, and even if it had, we know not how he could have deserted the Whigs for the Tories, with any regard to his public character, unless it be a doctrine of political morality, that he who sticks to his order may cut from his party. The re-appointment of Lord Melville to the situation from which he was ejected, to the great delight of every one but his own re- tainers and dependants, requires no comment from us. But the Ministry did well to consider it ma- turely before they determined on the proceeding. The retirement of the Duke of Clarence would have led to the alteration of that wise rule of promoting for merit and services alone ; for, we repeat, that such was the ground of the difference now happily reconciled. " The Globe, of the 20th of August, quotes the following scrap from a Ministerial Morning Paper :— " Although the rumours have not actually sub- sided of Earl Grey being called to a high situation in the Admiralty, still it is pretty generally believed that Lord Melville will return to his old office." The Courier of the 20th and 21st, says not a syllable on the subject. The Marquis of Anglesey appears to be popular in his Irish Government. The Free- man's Journal states, that " on Carrick-on- Suir, his horses were taken from his carri- age, when His Excellency «a> di two tluou^h the. town, amid Hie loud plaudits of a people and loi that împnitialitj »luth seems to be the polar star ot Loud Angi esly's Go [ vtrnir.ent." On the subject of C ttholic Em map ttion, itappeirs tint Vii. Dawson has changed his opinion, and is now a wann advocate foi its ci nce'-sion. 1 he circumstance led to i vauety of tonjectutes, as to tie slate of feeling in ihe Gil in t. Some t f the pipéis inferred fiom Mi. Dawson's conwrSion, and his bold avowal ol it at sevei ii public dinneis in I eland, that some demite of «.hinge hid ttken place among other mem- bers of the Government, but io these sup p sitionsthe Cornier ¿ives the mist positive co tr diction. These Papers contain the following news of Australian shipping - ARRIVED Aug. 19, the Elizabeth Col- lins, from New SouthWales; sailed 17 h February, 1828, Hobart Town, and Rio de Janeiro, 14th of June -- Same day, Lady Rowena, Russell, from New South Wales. S vi led-\U' 19, the Lan¿, Lusk, for Van D e neu'-. Land.-barn d ty, the Go leiT.oi Ready f»r New South Wiles Lune 11 om the Couria o' August 20: - . Despatches, dited the 10th of luly, wero re- ceived this morning it the Colonial Olhce, from the J leutennut Govunoi, Mijor Gcnti ii the Hon T C Ponsonpv.M F ititlilti, dud from Lieutenint Gener-il Hilih Dvrlisg, at JSew South Wiles I hese d( spntches, wc understand, do not bring any ne\v3 of importance " Ti e state of uffurs «m the Co itinmt, may be githered fiom the following extiacts -» (From the Gazette de France, dated Aug. 18%) " OmssA, JuiY 24-Admiral Greig has suled I towards Virn i, with his squ tdron, to second the ope- I rations of our army The guards have lett Tulczym, I and are martinup; tow irds the Danube , 60,000 fresh troops have received orders to leave Volhynia and proceed to the trontiers On the other hand the r mtuuments left by tile troops of Volhynti are occupied by fresh troups, coming from the interior of the i mptre 1 hree hundred thousand men have been long since assembled on an extent ot 80 leagues, and m»iy march at the first siBtial in all directions Wc hope thit no more extraoidmary measures will be ueces sary to res ore to us the blessings ot peace A ¿teat quantity of Cougreve rockets luve been emoarked here tor the army " Ancona Augikt 1 -Mr Stratford Canning; arrived here on the 30th, and M de Kibciupure had lett B dogna on the 3tst, to join linn here A llussiau bug, which his armed here with des patches from Admiral Hryden, announces tint Count Capo d'Is tuas, after hiving vis ted the head quattcrs of General Church, who is with four thou s md men between ¡Mctica and Dragomestre, ia tended to return to Pores It wis lisa said tint Ibrahim Pich i has capitulated with the allied com minders, md that lit was to evacuate the Moiea in three wet ks «« I Aius, Avg 17-Our coi respondent at Loo dm assures us that all the issortions of the Liber ti J mrnals respecting the state of the relations ol the Frcmh and 1 nglish Goisiumuits are de litu'e ot found ttion. We are assured tint Log I m 1 is per fectly agreed with Ft mee respecti ig Greece, and that the former power m gleets uotlung to preserve this understanding lb» Liber ils ire much de ceived if they think that the policy of the Duke of Wellington is inspired by fear of a war The noble Duke says our correspondent, docs not fear war any more thin he de lies it His polity is founded on the suum cinque, which, as te know, h not the pwnciple of th<* rr»nch Libeials, tvud dus may at count for their ridiculous anger Besides the speech which the English Ambassador addressed to the King, and His Majesty's answer, confirm uh it our London correspondent writes to us Hu I xtellencv in the minc ot his Govert mont, expressed the most pacific intentions He observed, tint ht hld known France only under the B inrbons, its le iti nutt princes , that he had laboured under the lite King, ind in concert willi him, to moutain tht good understiiulmg between the tuo countries , und tint he would continue so to employ all his effort» to ob tam the same result " Ihe King, in Ins answer, sud that he would endeavour to m tint mi this good undcrst mdtn ', tu two "-CSOI1S- the mst, "in I the most weighty in Ins opinion beciusc it is t te interest i f finite xud Oi Luroje, th'1 sccuid, out ot ¡.rittule to Lu,I ii fur the rtceptiou ubilli it "aie ni li ucsof misiuitune to th< J tenth «\tles " A Idler li oin Moscow announces that the for- tress of Uihdid his been taken by s toi in b¿ the doom of Ga c i' "i 1 ciwstli I "<\loui on, Aug Í)-iTro«» i letter)-"Every tbn g p i ses li re with the gr« ttest mjsteiy, an I ne ate reduced to cnnjii (ure What seems rettun in, tint tht e\|udi«ion will soon sill Al my tnops arrive fiom the neighbo nh io I, au I otu barbour is" full of li insporls, 2j irrived tiom Marseilles )es , tcri'aj lu i is many mor ire isptcled this evening i i here wti ¡ilretdy ¿2, « » thit the nu ober will now ' be b2 The Itojal Poitc is well a, the Mcic intile Port are in i ^.n it bustle, the blue's arc crow 1 d willi string« rs, su flyit one cm h irdly pas ilon" (iiequivs 1 veiy Hun j It i Is iii to believe thit the cxp"ditiou is «lestiurd fir the Morea, jet therearc pcrioiu «rho atiirm the contrary." The srng, entitled " Land," which ap- peared in Tuesday's Australian, >s such despicable doggeiel, that bud it not been for ihe-deiicile subject on which its author han du red to trench, we should hine coum d'red it infinitely beneath our notice. T> dim, however, we lave nothing to saj ; bul with the Editor we would en ml s ly reinou siiate, for on him does the responsibility d volvc. W« would ask bim, whether ho teally consideis the retired ci.ele of domes- tic lil'e a legitimate theme fur newspaper squibs ? and whether he would like Ins own wif'p, or his own daughters, to be made the bu t ol public ridicule? If he consult his sober judgment, we are sure he will answer b> th questions in the negative. Why, then, permiL his columns to ho pioïtituteil to the base purposes ol' private slander? Why pander lo the vile taste of the dealers in fal el.uod and calumny,-and, for the sake of its momentary gratification, invade the hallowed piecincts of the parlour, and lay rude hands on the delicacy of f< male repta- tion? For conduct such as »his, there «can be no excuse; for however deserving ol' Edi. toiial reprehension might be the public acts of the Honorable Gentleman alluded to, the private concerns of his family ought not, on any pretence whatever, to be dragged into public notice. Once admit the .principle of such interference,and the newspaper» of New Seuth Wales would swarm willi the blackest »¡anders, and would stalk through the calm retreats of domestic life, scattering .« fire- brands, arrows, and death," and the objects of unnersul terror and execration. - If the Editor of the Australian valu -s his own repu- tation, and would not seo Ins paper banish-d from the table of every respectable family, and confined lo tho benches ol'gin-shops, we would seriously advise bim to issue an irie v.-r.sible decree against all future attacks on private character. As we are always anxious to encourage, by every means in our power, the progress of education, we cheerfully record the fol- lowing details of the Annual Examination at Captain Beveridge's Mercantile and Naval Academy, in Prince-street, Sydney. It was held last week, and occupied three or four successive days. Several Gentlemen of respectability were present, and expres- sed their entire satisfaction with the ad- vancement of the pupils, and the evident skill and assiduity of the tutor. We re- joice to hear of the prosperity which has attended Capt. B.'s undertaking, his school having on its roll between forty and fifty scholars. The following are the particulars of the recitations and rewards : - 1.-- The Prologue, by James Milson. 2.-Shepherd and Philosopher, by William Johnson. 3.-Sempronius's Speech for War, Beggar's Petition, and Douglass' Account of Himself, by John Single. 4-On Procrastination, and Douglas's Account of Himself, by Robert Hynard. h.-Douglass' Account of Himself, the Post-Boy, and Henry IV. ou Sleep, by Campbell M'Donald. 6.-The Master and Slave, by William Thompson, and James Milson. T.-The unrivalled Beauty and Glory of Religion, by Thomas Day. 8.-The XXIII". Psalm, and Douglas's Account of : Himself, by Anthony B. Moore. 9.-Origin of British Liberty, or, the Character of Alfred, by James Thompson. 10 -Portius and Marcus, by James Moore and Wil- liam Clark. ti.-Village Schoolmaster,,by James Raphael. 12.-Douglass' Account of Himself, by John Nichol- son. 13.-Charon, Mercury, and the Ghosts, waiting to be ferried over the Styx, by William Thompson, C. and James Moore, &c.; &c.; 14.-School of Morality, by James Moore. 15.-Belcour aud'Stockwell, by James Milson and William Johnson, lfi-Youth and Philosopher, by David Anderson. 17".-.Order of Nature, by Thomas M'Collough. l8.-Henry V. and Douglas's Account of Himself, by Macquarie M'Donald. 19 -Hymn to Divine Providence, and ' Douglass' Account of Himself, by Francis Single. 20.-Douglas's Account of Himself, by Ed, Redman. 21.-Ditto ditto, by George Baw 22 -Ditto ditto, by William Nerus. 23.-Ditto ditto, by David Moore. 21-,-duo's Speech, by William Thompson, 2j.-The Muse, by Thomas Stewart. 26.-Dauglass'Account of Himself, by Geo. Brown- low. 27.-Epilogue, by James Moore. Honorary Marks of Distinction. First Class-Master William Thompson received the large Silver Medal. Second Ditto-Master William Johnson the second Medal. Third Ditto-Master John Nicholson the third Medal and each pupil in the various classes were hand- somely rewarded with Books, Penknives, &c.; &c;, A Frenchman, a man of talent, lately returned from Barcelona, had a political conversation with a monk, of which the following is a specimen : " Father, you are rich anti lespected, yon are masters of Spain,-why these disorders ? -why these civil» war» ?-have you u,l all that you could desire?" i *' S1)-,-Riches and power are nothing, | if we are mt certain ol' the durability of their possession. If we allo.v thiu.,s to go on as they aie doing, opinion will snip us of our lights, and the Kin», pious as he his, will net be reluctant to second it, in order to enr.ch himself with our projeny. The Inquisition is necessary for cur protection, Hy it weean extinguish plots, fmined n»ainst us,-by it weean overwhelm the tchtmes of the Liberals and Freemasoi.s. To ob'ain this great bulwark of -ecurity we shall light to the last. Piiests and Monks mustcojn hat for this tiibunal till we obtain its re establishnitnt." 41 We orr rallier mi ipi ¡ved that «e bnre not yoi rp eeirrdnny l,it> r accounts from ihr ¡, neilin omi) tina ihr 21st ni l;i»I mimili, »len the I«» nunn1« wro1 left ni pn'M-iicc, ami u baili , upon ulm li pt i Imps iln> Tali oT an empiie Hejiei ils, uns ¡m vital,le. ¡u the milln linn1 we aro iiifoiineil. hi the ttcrountfc from Odessa, that Ailiriral'tjni» lins t.ailcd-t tu second the <>|if ral inns ol' ibeamiy, mid ilmt fivsli itiiilurccinriim cie (in their mardi in juill (lie Uii«. sians. '1 lie- ifiiards have l.'fl Tiilrgt in,, and ¡ne ti|:u chin«; touaids I he Dunn bo ; (JO,Out) lrei.li irnngn. have just icceived orders to leave .Volht, ma lind pi orri ii lu Ibu imanéis. Un the oilier band, llio cuu to.'iini nts left by tin* lumps ni' Volhy^iia ino i)ceii|iieif, li« fresh ti oops., coming- fi um (hu interior uf ibe is- land. . ^ ' ' ' "These preparations correspond willi the ruifrbii iiess of I lie emifiici. What means ol resistance luire been collected In llic Porte, we kniiw nut willi nny iicciinit-y. Tlie Turka du no1 publish building, anil every i>cvoi|llt from Cunslntiljiinjilo M tit lie irceiveil »iib canlinn. 'I hr Ktniciiieiil of to-day cunlrailicls Hie assertion of yesterday ; mid »Inlet we are desired on i be out1 band to believe I lint the war is viewed willi, out iilnnu, vivare told nu ihe oilier that (be Porto i> «leleimined lo icsisl «lilli the nunns! nhslimiry. A Ioiim-inutle in the German Paper«, »hieb nritveil tin* iiioriiin^-, from Ila1 Front ¡pi y ol' Bosnia, shotts bon little the S u I lau i» able lo enforce, in that Province obedicuce io bin firman»,-¿fri/íí/i Traveller, 