The ample scope which we have deemed it necessary to give to a report of the im portant libel cane, Rex r. Hall, which waa decided in the Supreme Court on Monday taut, ns« obliged un to exciuda from our present column* various article* upon the passing occurrences of the day. The trial will, wo doubt not, be read wilh interest. Tiio Judge's chnrgeto the Jury is reported precisely us it' was uttered, and is import ant net it,m:iy possibly bo hereafter ad duced in trjo way of precedent. It ilocw' 'not .upnoar thnt any person ha*,, nfl yot.% heen nominated' to supply tlm phiuc of, ARtisttint Superintendent of PulioR, which Itns beuomo vacant by the tle cimse of M^Cbrniolt; nor in it certain if the Aiilhoritios'n-cn», at all, to fill np tho vacancy, prefixing1 rutUr tb muled a saving- of the salary, and to let the duties. of the office' fall upon* the shoulders of the Chief Constable. We question much If the public would gain any thins; by the saving. It cannot admit of a doubt, that the public must nntl a greater advantage in'payinjf fair compensation for \hp services- of a well organisril poll«e, and living well ' protected, 'than In' paying' less nominally, and bhtng inefficiently pVorected.; i\ow it seems cvulnnt,' that- the number of subordinate i%onstnl-les nt presc?nt png-iiged in anil about Sydney, is by uu me;ins huulfquato to the deity they are expected to ttiscliarge; hut without a sufficient Sml continnttl sujhm intending* clirck, the most uciivc and best disposed men amongst tlm body of constubu iary will scarcely (fo through tlieir turn of duty regularly and properly. If the whole charge of nightly and daily atiperintejulence fall upon the Chief Constable, it seetna rather tod much to require ; for the Chief Constable cannot be expected to be on the al«rt in all places by niglit as well as day. M? must he given some little time for sleep ami sufartli, and with the utmost tlrgree of activity, hi* presence and immediate control can be confined to but '.one quarter--.- rrhiUt the sub-constables in other quarter*, and in the absence of nil superintending1 check uro riven full leisure for neglect anil malversation ui limy, ?uiHiiu »uy leri nw.uispoiuu ; %- tiertfus, were the Chief Constable to he associated ?wlthjinother trU3tytantii^B}petent person -%o talco^iis ehttie of the netjesfiklj' dutieav 'the sn crease of .expense*. thus'-incurrc^T -would be rery. lrkely to he more than compensaUrf by the incteased security given t* the inhabitants in person and in property. It is not a food principle of economy, even when pursued, with regard- to the public purse, to bo risking the loss of a pound, in order to save a shilling ; nor should we consider it acting prudently with that view, to dispense with an office which may prove essential to th« proper discharge of a public .duty. Without a wholesanie superin tendence being primarily established, wo cannot expect much' froa» an order of 'men, like the lower class of constables; nor can that strict and necessary degree of general super-, intemlvnce .bo exercised hy ono person-, such ns the Chief Constabky »o fully and- satisfac torily to the public ?» it ought to be, if fairly divided with another.. . T-.here might bo eco aomy in docking Ihg.saliiries or reducing1 the number employed at prase ntr in other capaci ties, in. the police departinent.at Sydney; but, depriving (h« pablic of a fitting arid' ne cessary assistant to the. 'Chief- Cvhstnble for the sake of saving a moderate salary, we are. disposed to cons tiler, a thort-sightud sort of economy, ' ' ' '. '. ? All over the Cauntry the prospect of the forthcoming crops is flattering, m»r« so in certain, diatrictp than in others, and on the whole, ,tho*se who nreileast sanguine in those matters anticipate* a fair Average crop. _ * It is cheering to see th« Colony, thus snatched from the fangs of th« wolf which waa threatening to devour iti But tKa «-.. perience of theJpaBtjh.ouId^ftR«^-!r-**'^h' ^u^-wr«»-ic»»on=s»noTiIa teaeh th« Govern ment to pursue e- system more fraught with general advantage to tho interests of the Agriculturist than the confined one it hat been following, up for some time past. It is complained that the settler, ge nerally speaking, pays mor* regard to rearing locks of sheep, and herds of cattle, than to rearing any quantities of wheat and maite proportioned to the gcn«ral con sumption; and why should he not? Is he to incur -the various expenses attendant upon' cultivation, and after all be unlikely to realize for his produce, what will- pro bably not barely cover unavoidable outlay*. The settler who should persevere in doing as-, must be blinded to his own interest. If it were more to his profit to employ such tracts of land as were fit- for thai purpose in cultivation, rather than to peril mil their laytos; waste a» pastures for cattle, thers is no man in possession of his sense* who would hesitate about which to give the preference.' Every class of persona in a colony liko this, all whoso interests are, or should be firmly dove-tailed, it hat been admitted o-ver and over again, must continually find an advantage in the far-: me-,; always, procuring a good medium price for his grain-— but thin wholesome and generally profitable standard has scarce even yet been fairly attained; or if it hap pen so-—it has net been retained for any time together — it has been continually fluctua ting between the two extremes, either rising too high to sit cany on the body of consumers, or sinking, too low. on the other hand to return any fair degree of profit to the producer; oiiher con sequence may, indirectly . originate in the encouragement, given to designing ?peculators by tho acceptation of thoir tenders, to supply the Government esta blishments with provision* at . a price, infinitely below what would prove to the individual settler even an average remune rating price. Government, by' this method, is nominally a gainer in one way, but liko the bulk of the community, is likely to lose far more in other ways— but, if in stead of the present system of throwing the whole cen tract into one or two hands, the settler were to be invited, as we before had occasion to tuggent, to turn into the Go vernment stores whatever good grain he could spare, at a stipulated price, there is1 little probability that in a little time the cemplaint of insufficient cultivation \vould be no generally heard as at present ;— the settler would not be, so ready at the be ginning of every .harvest to sacrifice the fruits pf his labors for a little present ac commodation to the ready money specu lator-— n'6r rfeed an injurious forestalling of tho market/' which has been occurring towards tho elbsoof every season for many j a year past be apprehended any moi'o than a scarcity caused by a suddorr visitation of Ei'ovidoncoSfTf^uch a change could not be i easily ofioctddj aiuleast the priv-ileye of. joining in contract to supply the Govern ment establishments with provisions nt asti puiuted price might be more enlarged; and instead of being thrown into the hands of two or three or four persons who are thus enabled to combine and. ;;to' command. ;the -market, be extended to ten . times that 'number— some such-:. departure' from 'the .present system, at all hazards, seems highly expedient. ? ., The heavy rains of the past and part of Iho preceding week have net, we are glad to hear, proveda means of flooding tho Country inland to the destructive extent which many felt disposed to anticipate-. — The Hawkesbury Rivor towards Fts source beenme considerably s\vollen in conse quence, but it kept within prettj' mode rate bounds, neither over turbulent nor swelling a great deal above its banks. — Some partial injuries have been effected notwithstanding by inundation, a bridge thrown across the South Creek, near Bad gery's, having we understand been altoge Hwept away, and other damage produced ; the whole- notwithstanding but a mere atom when put in comparison with the general benefit accruing from the late timely exten sive and abunGant falls of rain. An elderly, man, . named Whitaker, .whilst on his return from- town to- Juniper. Hall, the residence of his.employer 'Mr. Robert Cooper, on the South- head-road and which he had proceeded' to. about mid way between the turnpike . and ? the new gaol. Between seven and eighto'clock on Tuesday evening last, was suddenly as saulted by several ruffians, who knocked him down, beat him whilst on the ground most unmercifully about the head, and after rifling the man's pockets o-f a watch and seven and sixpence in money, made off. A gold watch, which he happened also to have, escaped the ruffians, though in the scuffle the dial of the watcli became smashed in .pieces, and the hands muti lated.. There is good reason to. suppose that the outrage proceeded C.nm some part of r the gangs -of laborers 'employed on the Government works along that, road, oh which the quarryin'en are mostly engaged during.. the- niglitj a* well as day. A few spa-ro liands- from the Police might be well employed in scouring this, road upon occasion, but the Southhead road seems by no means to be that favorite resort of the constables! which circumstances call for. We would com mend consideration of the matter to the! .head of- the. Sydney Police, and hope that our hints may not /pass altogether un heeded. ? The recent heavy rains have been the means o.f cutting up the public walks in the Government demesne. . It would not be. labor thrown .away r,re.r«.a fewof the' spare hands in Government employ to be put upon repairing and dressing those walks, of which they now stand a good deal in need, ^'_ ^.. ,,,.H«m»ioI- Jo««, living' in th« neighbourhood «/-«hs- ^*3r!crc- neJd^«yT?'pl«»!'»~'iracTi'~of tlic frequency with which depreciations are com mitted amongst their property^ and. the facility with which the depredators manage to elude apprehension. Much in this way may be owing to a want of need fnl precaution on the part of the inhabitants, as ivell as to adroit ness in the thievish fraternity; hut a proper ilegree of alertness, and a fnir distribution of the constabulary employed about town, if it would not prevent depredation- altogether, might go a great way to wants- decreasing it. There were several instances of robbery being perpetrated in the above quarter' during the past week, but none of the plunderers, no far as we can hear, have 'been laid hold 'upon by any of the constables. l tie iinngarrabbee Estate, tht property ot the late Mr. John Cnmpbcll; which has been ||dverti«cd for sale1 by public auction, next to *Major Druil's, is ono of the finest on the Western road. The country, iif its vicinity exhibits some excellent farms j but few caiv exceed Bun'garrabbee in respect of, soil and being well watered. Bread and batcher's meat have experienced a rise within. the past week, which cannot fail of being felt in a; way particularly oppressivo^Jp persons having1 large families and many domestics to support. ri}here is some talk of a new lino of street being marked our, extending along from Campbell-street, in tho direction of the Surrev-hiils, ?The last two months have been more than commonly remarkable for burials in and about Sydney, particularly amongst the juvenile members of our community, of whom the hooping cough has proved mortal to many. lts influence appears now to be considerably di diminished; and we have not had to witness many funeral processions on the round to the burial ground, within the past week, as for six and seven weeks together 'previously. The general salubrity of this climate rendered tlic frequency of those melancholy spectacles more a subject of remark, than under other circumstances, they might have proved. There isa dispute, wo'hear, as to wlinthnr the plot of ground opposite the nctv Hank in George-street is Ho *be considered as Oovcrn ment or private propprty. The trustees to the estate of the Into D'Arey AVcnt wortb, Esquire, lay claim to the |rround which hns now bocomo highly valuable; and if put to the hammer at the present dny would- sell to groat advantage; but Govern ment, on the other hand, also prcfrrs a clitim to the land, which, betu-ixt both is su/lVred to lie fallow. The lawyers will, in all pro bability, havn to settle the matter finally. The Permits formerly issued from tho Po lice Office, for the removal of wines ami spirits -in small quantities, from one part ol Sydney to another, and up-country, itro, it i» said, now diKpensed with. v Two of the cross streets branching from Ucorg'u-strcot towards the Bride-fields — Livoi1- pool- stieet nnd Cnmpbollstrcot, are under* going: vcpaUs, which they much wceUcd, The Parramaita Races coinmeiM. d$iy. The Agricultural Society lioldM Meeting at Walker's Inn, to-morrow, 1 the races will be continued on FridarB considerable number of horses have M already entered — and Parramatta ijj gaiety on the occasion. . ? A ' Court of Enquiry' is about toB assembled at the settlement of NewcJ to investigate into certain circumstjj connected with the office of SupcriateKl ent of Publfc Works1., Mr. .Ilely.lffl present principal Superintendent of Con- victs, and Lieutenant Warner, of the S. W. Veteran Corps, we hear, areH constitute the ' Court- of Enquiry.' I Mr. Robert Cooper lias bought the m Tiger's cargo of six thousand busheljl -wheat, whfch ho most laudably propoil with the assistance of his lately import! stcamengine grinding, andselLingcurrcnl for 40s. the hundred pound's, being tensM lings less than* tHe' price of flour -last weel This disinterested conduct of Mr. C601J has had a proper effect, foe it has.serva to bring about a reduction in the prical flour, nnd a consequent fall in that qf breJ A posse of constables in ilrsg-iuss «etl on Tbuisday evening -lilsr, .jin- the direnJ of the Surry Hills, expectinir 'to root't w certain hushrnngers-, whoiujriformation stiJ to have been sern^nrowJing about- th«r»;il ther'con-tah!i»s' rcTurncd without ?fleeting' id part of the object tluty*. hr.ulset; r-ut-ujth. ] A late considerable shipHicnt »-f Hoilgsoi Ale sold^off a'/ew ,liams after' ^laading,, j£)0 tlincaslc. ? ~^ Two- compact uttld- vessels were launctna a ftvrl, days stgo from the yard of an inilaiB trious shipwright. Tlrey went off thesUjB -in fimons/ style, and are in Cockle BnB now fitting f*r -the coasting trade betwesl. this and Newcastle. ^ _ | Competition has' already produced soroc'M its good effects amongst the candle imktA in Sydney with regard to cheapness^ ns ml as iinprovcmiMtt in. quality. Tallonr caatllfl ' are now vended cheaper and better here thsH they conld he imparted* Why do we ism manufacture sperm as we.ll as tallow liirlmM' the. one coiuiuodity is quiio as availul-le m, the other. ' ? ? \- Persons having*, nail 'or row boats to sparr^l will fiml.lt no unprofitable .thing^,uring ifli 'fine weather to let them out' to- pacticj'«- ' pleasure oa Sundays. ' ' -'? ; A number of respectable Jioases in Sytlncw ire- now abou-t' bei»{fJ constructed of brickl 'which, when - plastered and -stuccoed overM have all the nppeuvance to the eye of boinsj stone-built, lirick, ' of course, cannot 1-M expected to posses the 'durability of s'toneH Brick raised to any considerable height abovl a basement story of stone, produces a combiM nation of elegance and economy. It is a plan too which appears to- b# getting into tnoiiH general adoption at the present day thaoH .former! v.. ' ' .-?? ... '???? - -? Unpaid Magistrate.-— Sir' G— ge A. — 11, of! 'Neverden Hall, Bart, was descended ftom a lonjl line of '.illustrious ? anrj5=4«-y,-and was a whole^lel -poulter€tr-«nJ^-ne'of the great unpaid. Not that I we mean by this expression to insinu'»Je that the I retail poulterers did not pny him for what thcya had : we merely mean to say, that the preserve-j worshipping, spring-gun-setting, poach-commilting I baronet administered justice tor nothing; and. I with reverence be it spoken, that was quite as much I as it was worth. For surely it is worth something;! to have authority, to. be able to accommodate or I annoy,. a neighbour, to commit a poacher, and to. I keep- a whole village in awe.' It is worth some- I thing also to be called ' your worship.' Tliivu however, is a digression. I To proceed then, tbe worthy baronet was a most , active magistrate, peculiarly, acute in matters of I summary conviction ; and thinking it a great pity that any rogue should escape, or that any accused, but honest m^yi'; should lose an opportuity of clearing flits character by means of a jury of his, fellow countrymen, he nqver failed to commit all that were brought before him. There was also modesty in this ; for he thereby insinuated that her. .would not take upon himself to make a decision .' in these cases, but would leave the determination to 7 the judges of the assize and the wisdom of a jury. ,' Sir G — ge professed Whig politics ; these were ? hereditary in his family,' but by ho means const ir- ' rutionat in him as an individual. Therefore. lie passed for a very moderate Whig; for ono who. ? would not clog the wheels of government. In ' short, he was no more a Whig than a game pro- ' server ought to be ; and that, as our readers knowy is not much. He took especial care to keep the ; parish clear of tagrants and paupers-} and by h-» great activity he kept down the poor-rates to a very moderate sum. s The ex cessive'zeal and satis faction *ith which *hc exercised v the magisterial functions, led us to the recommendation which we -. have given above. Sir G— ger 'though a professed - Whig, was uot very partial to the education of the ? lower orders, and he always expressed himself well, -u p.leased when he mot with a country booby who ? cnnld neither read nor write. For , this . reason ? Kick Muggins, the postiboy,*. was a great faypurila- -; with hiin. Our worthy baronet could not Heavthct. use of reading, and he thought it a great^piece of affectation for country gentlemen to have libraries. His. own books, for he had a few, were.hucWIed together in a light closet, where lie kept his guns . and sporting tackle. There .was a Lady A— ll» wife to Sir G — ge y but this lady was a,piece of r still JH'e, of whom- the neighbours knew nothing, and for whom toer husband cared nothing; '-.. f Winged Bugs. — Bed bugs are, in all conscience, '-? ibad enough, but jvinged bugs still worse. Our;; late diocesan (Bisfiop Heber), in his Indian Tour, describes the arfnoynnces from those pests inmoving .!' terms. In shape size and scent, with the addition of 'flying; they resemble the ' grabbatic'geriURi too well known in England. The night of our-ly ing. ofF Barrackgpor (writes hia Lordship) they yrere troublesome ; .but when we were otF the Raja's palace, they caiitio out liko the. ghosts of' his ances- ? ior's armies, in hundreds anrl thousands, from every heap cf ruins, and so tilled our cabins as to make, them barely endurable. These unhappy animals crowded round orir candles in such swarms, some just burning' their feet and wings on the edge of tho glass Blmdo, and thus toppling over;; ot here, more bold, flying right into the crater,, and meet ing their -death 'there, that we really . paid, no attention to whafAvas next day a ghastly spectacle, the mighty anny which had settled on the wet paint of .the ceiling, and remained there, block and stinking, till the antB devoured them, 'llieie last Bwarmin my pinnace; they ilave eaten up no inconsiderable portion of provisions, -and- rtnve taken, I trust \n their benefit,' a. 'whole ;box ofiblue pills; but as they do tliuir best to clear it of alt ** jVermin, I cannq} but look on tliem: with some clrt*i grec of favour, - -;; ? . - ' It is popularly known that a horse cannot be made to vomit. This is owing to one half of the stomach being covered by an insensible cuticle; and when an emetic substance is exhibited, the .food is' thrown upon this part of the stomach ; and remains there. The attempt, however, was once successful; but it cost the animal its life — the stomach being burst by the violence of its effort. . , Lord Tenterden, the presentable Chief Justice of, the King's Bench, is the son of an humble tradesman,, who inhabited one of the mean bouses . that, till lately, disgraced the principal entrance to the' Cathedral of Canterbury. At an early age he ?'-was admitted to the Free Grammar School of his native city, where he displayed a capacity for ac quiring learning, that induced his father to forego nis intention .of placing him in trade, in the hope of his obtaining one o(. the Foundation Scholar ships of Otford— a ho^e in which he was not disappointed.' lie afterwards became Tutor in the family of Judge Culler, under whose advice, by applying nil the power? of his mind toiheacqui. sition or' legal knovvledgo, he has reached his present eminence, -enjoying a large share of the esteem and respeefboth of the bar and the public. A preacher had divided his sermon into thirty. two sections. One of his auditory rose immedi ately, ; who. beinp- asked whither he was (roinfV-. said, '? fo fetch my nightcap, for, I. foresee, we shall pass the night here.' In effect, the preacher, having lost the thread of his subdivisions, could never reach the end of his sermon. The-whole auditory, losjng patience, and seeing night ap proach, riled oft; one after the other. The preacher, ? ^'ho. was short-sighted, did not perceive this deser tion, 'and continuedjtfq; gesticulate in tlie-pulpit; v/l\en a little singihgiboy; who remained alone, cried to. him~--;Sir,.- here mo ,the keys of the chinch, when- you have done be so good as to lock Ihe.gare.' .- A mixture of honey with the purest charcoal, according to an American .paper, will make the .teeth as white as snow. -?-? ' ' Breach of Promise of Marrjagc. — At Carlisle Assues, Sally.Simpson, uge'd?58,*'brqught an action 'against M. .-Tim person,- aged'tes, for breach of promise of marriage. . Tlie ' plajntifT lived in a cottage, in .which 'one room -served Tor 'kitchen, parlour, bed-roqin,.';and 'all;'' and she put gilt gingerbread .-and 'such -things up for sale; The .defendant. was in ;.the habit.of. attending markets, as a butcher, and farmer,* and had, for the long period ot. nineteen years, courted Sally Simpson, during which lie frequently promised her marriage, but which he often found pretexts for delaying until November last, -when he suddenly married another lady, worth at least to him (he said) 5000/. Mr. Baron Hullock sai.l, moderate damages would satisfy the justice of the case; but the Jury, after retiring a short time, Jo the surprise of the Court, gave damages, three hundred and fifty pounds. 1 he printing machine invented by Mr.' Apple- gatb, by which the Times newspaper is now printed, which throw's olF 4000 sheets per hour printed on.one sido, consists of four printing cylin ders, made - to rise to lei the form of typo pass, and to fall when they are required to give the im pression: they are supplied with paper by four lads, the sheets after receiving the impression pass-' ing into the hands of other lour lads. - , '-.uy-iiieiuarquis or v^ansdowne's proposed alte .rations in the Law of Evidence.^the affirmation -oi Quakers is to be admitted in criminal cases, and in prosecutions for forgery. the party whose name is torged -shall be a .'competent witness. There arc two-other clauses— the first, that every punishment for felony, after it has been endured, shall have t he effectofja..pardon under the Great Seal; and the second,^ that no misdemeanour shall renders parly an'incpmpetent, witness after;* he had under :E9n6jh^nunislimerit^i :V ; ??: '?. '-.f' '' *#-: :^g#leraanwhowasin the habit'of using wire riddles m his-barn, for the dressing of his corn for many years, never suspected that any hurtful con ?equence^w^ldjje'the^sult,- till lately, when one of his cows^died^ hegcaused her to be opened, and found thejheart' to lie of more than usual di niensions ; and'.pn . exafflihing it attentively, he f°u'da w're ¥ fmore than. : two inches in lenffth ?ticking in it, which had mortified the part.i. Far mers ought to be cautious in using these fifclles, when they areold and rotten; when fresh, and in good order, there caa be nbdanger. but when any of their parts are broken^; it is very, dangerous to .The 'Rev: Mr. :ilolmes,of Exeter, lately ad dressed a Petition to the Houseof Lords, in which he states, that non-residence and pluralities are for bidden^ by the Word of God,. particularly in t°e 34th chapterof^Ezekiel, and in the 5th chapter of l^^Tf^^^-^^'^i^y^wtwtmined i)j. ine 4 1st canon within that rpasr-naM« rKef,.,,,. which will- enable;an incumbent to superintend ?ndmslruct in person/the flock committed to hi, care, and tlmt;the:MDst,Rev. the Archbishops, and the Right; Rev. the; Bishops, are directed by the function, of .his 'Majesty King William the Uurd, 'to use their most effectual endeavours' to h£$MZ Tn th*m as, mnch a» they «»». except Jng where the parishes lie-near one another and the livings are small/' We know a famous shot ' Tone of he Western Counties who married the Hleghi-. mate daughter of a Noble Earl. For her fortune he received either three or four livings. One of them 1S above Spfmiles fro.n the others. .hist beforo the commencement of business on tho-cml-sidB offthe Oxford Assizes, on a late oc ? casion,; about'thirty Cpuhscl wore assanblS bS obody^eemed to haveany bnel's. andeach looked tnan himselt. 'How many causes are ordered ?' ''quired a learned Sergeant. « Thew w& o,lv '^entered a shoit timeVarePlied5h« aS,c± M,hyn)81g|,. ai length Mr. Blick, tho Judge's Marshal, came .in wit), a .batr contninin'- the ip 71?*; '-hioh; W the way, Tlid no cefh o be now^ S4 '1L V H™ Wy cases are Sere now . was the.anxious inquiry of several voices ?^even-' replied Miv.JJ. ;? ami certain^ seven nases there were,, b-t all of them weroo h«S i-ourso or the afternoon. ibtz, to the 5th Jan; IWU:— - '».!? -I.Ia. of r K'nsd?m' B94 ?''P'iWui tons. i«4?«? G'cr'sf y- J?rs(Jy. and Man. i- ,hip«, i!?*-*; °P ^British Colonies and Plantations in n»ge ?.-ShiPs~i9,l.a5. Tonnage— Q, lao/jos. 