Shipping Intelligence. Yesterday arrived, from Hobart Town, the ship Mermaid, Captain Henniker. She left London the 24th of February, and Hobart Town the 14th instant, and brings from the latter place 10,000 bushels of wheat. Pas- sengers, Lieutenant and Mrs. Kirkley,39th Regt ; Ensign Farmer, 39th Regt ; Mr. Boucher ; Mr. Dawes ; and Mr. and Mrs. Hart and family. The Mermaid also brings to Head-quarters 30 privates of the 39th Regt, the guard of the prison-ship William Miles, which arrived at Hobart Town on the 10th instant. On Wednesday last arrived, from Raffles Bay, Melville Island, and Timor, the Colo- nial brig Mary Elizabeth, Captain Hicks. Lading, Government stores. Passengers, Mr. William Walker, late Commander of the Amity, wife, and child. Up in the time of the departure of the Mary Elizabeth our Colonial settlements were in tolerable health. The Borodino is announced to sail, for the Isle of France, on Sunday next ; and the Boddingtons, for London, on the 31st instant. We have just heard a report in town, which we are most unwilling to believe, namely, that the Government of Van Diemen's Land has imposed, or wishes to impose, a duty of 10 per cent, on all British goods imported into that Colony via New South Wales. If this should prove to be the fact, which we believe to be impossible, the soundness of that policy can no longer be questioned which recommended, to our Government the wisdom, and justice in such a case, of im- posing a duty on all wheat imported from Van Diemen's Land to this Colony. The Proclamation, issued by His Ex- cellency the Governor on the 19th instant, offering £100 reward, together with other important inducements to a military man, for the discovery of the authors of the outrages perpetrated on the evening of Sun- day last, we find has not only been attended with the results wisely contemplated by His Excellency, but in a proof, if any were wanting, that the prisoner of the Crown, though in a state of bondage and privation, is considered as well worthy of protection as the free civilian, or the military man him- self. It is a fact worthy of remark, that this has been the greatest reward ever of- fered by any of the Colonial Governments of Australia for the detection of any deed, how- ever sanguinary and atrocious ; add it is the more remarkable, as well as gratifying to public feeling, to know that such a reward was promptly offered on behalf of an unfor- tunate outcast of his Country-an exile on our shores-an unfortunate prisoner of the Crown. Such a fact as this, authenticated as it is in the face of every Colonist, not only speaks volumes in favor of our assiduous and determined Ruler, as regards the prompti- tude and humanity that influenced His Ex cellency, but it is also a proud trophy to that class of the population, who, whilst ne- cessarily looked upon as unfortunate in the eyes of their fellow-men, are nevertheless in- cluded within that pale which preserves every one, under an English Government, from the outrages of misguided men. Though the transaction is of a melancholy aspect, yet it is one from which benefit may be derived in future. The prison population will have no reason to believe that they are, on the one hand, destitute of protection, and on the other exposed, by their situation, to that de- rision, contempt, and death, which some might have supposed such a class of men were only worthy of. It will behove them, therefore, whilst they behave with respect and attention to the Military, who are placed here to defend the rights and liberties of the People, to demonstrate to the Constituted Authorities that they are entitled to the pro- tection which is held out to them, and which it is seen they enjoy, by attentively reform- ing those lives which have been too often placed in jeopardy, by gross inattention to their true interests. The Military, by this prompt step of the LicuTF.NANT GENep.Aii, will perceive that prisoners have no more right to be ill-treated by them, than the troops have to be insulted by civilians of any grade; and should the sentiment have generated itself that it matters not what may 'befal a certain class of the population, the proceedings of the past week will give the best assurance to the contrary. Solders cannot be too circumspect in their conduct, inasmuch as the most trifling fault com- mitted by them is easily magnified into a crime, and for this reason, they are placed in this Colony to protect the Civil power, in case their services might be required, from any violence by which it night be thiealene 1. v as we 1 as lo defend the Country from the invasion of tiny fo eie,n forte, A ?old'ur, theietore, cannot be too jealous ot himself, »s it behoves lum not onl) lo «oudiict hur »elf with propriety in his «pi irteis, but also with du em y, Hobrioty, and hutnunlv, whilst in tho a« t of parading (ho stioets ol I hu (own. We have no «leone to deliver any In« turo to (ho tioops, any moto tuan we aie anxious to visit (ho «ivihiiiis with our centum ; hut, it is is mut li our puhlu duty lo offer te utaiks on an oci asion ol the mom iitou» kind under discussion und wini li n >vv a,ita cs the publie mind, us it is tor «vi ry oval stibjett ofOioitHt mili, I ouiilll, whcllui Ridler, si lol, «r landsman, lo compnit himself ni lint w iy which must rendel bun a v duddo ilium) ei ol mu lely. Wo kel nodispositi ii, howi vi r, lo add I liol to tho flime-lo visit willi obloquy iny set ol idhi wlioso misloi t it in it bis been to be in orporitod with ihosowho miy lino violated tho laws of then Cou tiy- i lo li mow up the feeling1« ot individuals who will have lo ¡iiisuoi lot then conduit tit the tiihtunl ofju tie, and, f i Higl t wc eau till, e\p ile then oil«me hy the foil itme of then 1 vch. W e du pi} ic gret tim « it istiopho thal It is tiki ti placo; and we only have devoutly to (rust, that no such occinrein t will over again stain the an- nuls of out adopted Country. Tho Govt u Noit, ni wh cb His Lvcli i kncy has been land ilily assisted by the prompt exertions of (lu IMihtuy Auihoiit es, his been pleased to ufford tho most sub-,! mini mai Its of die de- cided leprobition ol titi ( imiiont at su unjiistiliablc and minim iii conduit; und, us I tillie« is iii a furwi\ of being Ritished willi its vu tims, we li ust (h it oven the np|H it im e of ill-feeling will subside, and that the « i vihaus mil soliluis, in lutme, will tndcivoiii tt»o\cel eieh other in p>yuig u due regird lo tholtwsoi (.«ou and mm, md ad, in the s veral st Minns m win ii they nu pi iced, as fellow-Colonists should «lo who me anxious to beeuic the (.,ood opinion of (ho geiierituni ol which they form no inconspicuous a portion. Wo hive not yet been furnished with the coirect di taila ot tho ptoccediti^s taken be- rnie llio Coroner (Di. Uai mmian), win« Ii havo occupiu I the close itleinion of the In- quisition ever} day sun o Sunday. Upon I ho mat (erb, th« i ihne, that li ve ionic out iii evidence we kel ineapublo of olfering any obsei vation, hut, in the iii-an time, upon a refetenee to the Sydney Gazitte, of Much 21 1825, we dud that lins subject lias been discussed by us befóte , and us our s rit tuns on that occisión may n >t be considered wulo ot the eutastrtipho of Sunday evening I ist, wi hasten to re-publish them in our present , number. As none of tho troops now ni gain on, were involved in the circiimstniico which called f nisei lion cannot possibly be tortuted mioof feiihiveness. We ha\o no desire to wound Ihe susi eptibihty of the tioops, but novel theh ss we celt nilly can mt do less th m j iii p iss upon ti em the ntcesmiy of lining i veiy pKcauuou to keep their ehaiaekr unspotted from guilt of any kind. The following is the article to which we would attract the attention of our Readers, more particularly as it seems to bear with much force on that occurence which called for the judicious Proclamation that appeared in our last number: -- "In our Police Report will be seen some account of unpleasant occurrences originating with the mili- tary, on the evening of Friday last. A few weeks ago there was a manifestation of the hostile feeling, that we hoped never would have recurred, and which was then suffered to pass unnoticed, as we have no ambition to press affairs into public view till there arises a probability of criminality being imputed to us, for not faithfully and impartially dis- charging that responsibility under which we are placed - which, upon some occasions, it must be confessed, is no way particularly grateful. We have long known that disagreement existed between the native born youths and the military - a circum- stance deeply to be lamented. Perhaps it would not be correct for us to state upon which side the fault is attachable - or who is the culpable party. There are errors upon each of the question, but we are somewhat afraid the scale preponderates against the military. They are sent here to protect, and not to insult the Colonists; and so far they become en- titled to the respect of the latter. We are aware of the tenderness of the question - it is one that requires to be handled with extreme delicacy - but neverth- less it should be touched upon - for human in life is too precious to be risked at any and every moment. A blow from a bludgeon or stone is no more to be tolerated by a solder, than the prick of a bayonet can be received with impunity by a civilian. We have no hesitation in avowing that many of the mili- tary, either despise, or affect to despise, all prisoners. Now, this would not be of any great consequence; as, with such characters, no familiarity, on the part of our protectors, should subsist; but, when they stretch the point, and level torrents of abuse upon the native born youth of this Colony, for an of- fence of which their parents could alone be guilty, it cannot be expected, by any rational being, that such unnecessary ill-will can be calmly borne with, indeed, they would be wretches, of the lowest cast, were they quietly to submit to a species of de- gradation that would reduce the Australian be neath the uncultivated aborigine! Not that we would advocate revenge, war, and bloodshed, no, but we should like to see the soldiery comport them- selves as British subjects ought - never to shed the blood of their friends, and those they are bound to pro- tect. Upon the contrary, the native youths are bound, most indubitably, to hail the military as their fellow citizens and fellow subjects, being alike fellow crea- tures. One should not slay the other with bludgeons, and stones - neither ought the other use that distinc- tive weapon, the bayonet, unless in self defence But the cases referred to, appear most unfortunately to have been of that kind which actually appear to us altogether unprovoked - and those in which the native youth were wholly unconcerned. Humble cottages are said to have been invaded, an the de- fenceless inmates unprovokingly injured and mal- treated! We hope, for the honour of human nature, that their reports will turn out to be incor- rect. The Officers of the garrison, whose uniform gentlemanly and humane conduct is entitled to the utmost praise, acted with becoming promptitude and decision. The soldiers are now confined to their quarters after sun set, at least so we suspect, as none have been visible since after that hour. This is rather a subject of regret, as there are many excel- lent men in the regiments doing duty here, and those who are violently refractory, when in a state of temporary derangement from the too free use of spirits, very happily comprise but few in number therefore, restriction must bear hard upon the meri- torious soldier, who, however, will no doubt rest content under the assurance that such a regulation is only in operation for the public good, to subserve which the genuine British soldier should only wish to live, defence of which he is ever willing to shed his last drop of blood. It was with the best views, no doubt, that the military have been per- mitted to wear their side arms yet it is one to which most of the late disorders may be attributed. It is our opinion tint the native youth would not wilfully attack an unprotected civil soldier, no more than he would knock down his best friend, and therefore it must have been a mistaken view in compelling the military to carry bayonets for the sake of protection. It would be as cruel in the Australian to attack an unsuspecting soldier, as it is unmanly and uncalled for in the latter to publicly avow, in our streets, that he would give five pounds for a convicts head! We hope to see these differences terminated, and that speedily: - they are not to the credit of either party; and we feel assured, would the military only be de- termined upon living on social terms during their so- journ here, that the Australians, and especially the humble cottager, would gladly hail them as bre- thren." 'Sime tim foi«/oiti/ rouiniks wcro ptiinoil, \\\r> hue been fiiruidicd with a toinut and di lailid l{f|oil of th»» whole ol tliu pi cut Lit- mus th it runic under tin tonsidoi itioti ol the liK|iiisition, hIik li to tlio <*.< bision of othei mtoioslin/ mtelh/t ni i, w« hci/i tin enlist oppurtumtv I ho p ti nal partit-u) ira that hint appealed in print, whit li were pieinlturely, nut to siy iiijuihi lomly, piouiiil/iUd, wnl appear n t to hu vc been so toiiett as might have bien «onsomnt willi the ends of ptibln justit«. This t vii, however, will now bo obvmted, an fal un evils cm bo rtmedicd, by the full and uilcicsl iii; Report tint wo shall hoievuth append. Hut, in condoi tin/ tim Ketdci to those pinn niais windi « amiot tail of e\ < Jlni-i umvtrsil inte est, wo cannot do let.! Hi m (onipliiiient iho ( o ouei, and tin: Jin mi, on the palíeme, iinpirtiaht), iml I ihour tint woo ininikstod for (uiirdivs, dunn,; Iho tuno the punltil enipuri hu been pending, and v\c must ílsu counra iii ile thu Pu >1k on the siuciss with ulm li tho liliouis ol the lii(|iii itiou have lu en-vu trust ultim ik I y fur tlio ends ol public justice- no (,'ritify. mnly i wvyuid. Thetioops, too, cannot but piilicipito in the sttwfaciioii wliub mun r sully pievailn in tho discovciy of the n (l ofTemltis, ns the militaiy thouby binnuc rolicvtd of th it blemish which nu/nt othei wis«>, by possibility, have ¡titaeliod i sill in their chaiai lei, in the event of no dist insure having occurred, and if the offenders bad esciped tint punishment which, sooner oi Ittti, will always overtuko tho «hedder of blood. As the paili s, who mo committed, will hate lo tako thor Uni foi Ibu tri with winch thoy stand clnr"cd, wo shall not oiler an opinion on the point, enj> the mind of the 1'ublu is now alliyed willi t o it'sult of the Coroner's I ni j nest bein^ known. We ar hippy to lind, boin the tin mun us vox o of public opini ni, tut the cluif m rit of the dis ti o'-tones on Sumliy ni/ht, is ier) p opeily um nbed to tim Proel tin itiou ol Illa L\c i - i i NCY ou lint I eui. Now, I ir THE CORONER'S INQUEST On Monday last, the 18th instant, Dr HALLORAN, t e Coioncr convened an In <|iiis tiiiii to empine m o the cm e ot the death of Terence Rooney, wini h,h mort illy wounded on the t vening t f Sunda\, the 17th instant. Mr. Geoipe Morris, ol Sydney, inn keeper, deposed tlnl on the cvui n/ I Siui day, Iho I71I1 instant, ibout li ill ptst seven o'clock, be was standing at the dom ni Im lions , situate in licor e slicet, when lu« ol - serve I four oi the militaiy . ppiiuthiii/ m ono tinten n, uni four or live pirson, in p) m clotíiis, adviii in/in iheopp silt dnei lion , 111 their mei tin/, Mime i|>|iaitnl\ u it lieu sim» f tin li ii liles s mud to lal t* pine, but ulncli, m a sholl ttim w te succeeded by 1 si uífíe ttid blows, when tin u, wl ose u une witiii ss li is isi 111 1 ned to he Keish w, bl . uftu «Inch he s iw one or two ot l e m li- lli) slrikm, bin wine down, with di two biyoneis, when ihey left bun I vin/ 10 tho stitets, when ceri mi \otin_, men < 010111/ up and observing the militaiy attat ktti/oti cr mdivi du tis, euiuineneed an a tack upon tneui with stones ; these pe sons they pursued tor some distance, bul returning passed lound the cor- nel of Mr. Simon ' house towaids the btr nck-, as it in puisuu ol some fugitives, slioitiy ulier v. ur s the deceased caine run. nin/ low nils willies^, ex« laiuuti/ '. Oh, my God ' my (»od '" wIkii witness de ned bim to go round the coi mr, under the gateway, who li he did , and wini ss then closed the djor, win li tfier the lipsr» of 1 few minutes, lie re-opened, «hen lie per eived some 1 mi- stadles, and a numbai of pt 1 sons toning down the I me, m lliesnnodnection 111 winch the wound d man «ame; on tsciitunin/ th it tbert vseie tonstihies on ibu s| ot, witness iii ei ml them to lie place where the deeei ed I V/?'Lunn/, who 11, on examination, the) found wounded in the right breast, ami speccli 1 ss ; he v.as removed willi the least pos&i; de del ly to the deneral Hospital; witness added, " that the deceased was not one of the party, who, in the first instance, tame in conttct with the military, who ap(eaied much 111 liipioi, and ve y mischievously in- clined." Mr. Philip Joseph Cohen deposed, that on (he evening; of Sunday the 17th instant, about halt-past seven o\ lock, a noise lu the strtet uttracted his attention, wheo he opened the door, and saw three soldiers, with drawn bayonets, with which they were nu ki n/ tin usts at the passengers who came near them, in a wild and furious manner ; imme- diately afterwards, a man nu up tue street, I ursued by the military, and fell down oppo- site to witness' doui, who was going to his asestan e, but w.is prevented b\ a volley of stones dist turned by (be populace against the military ; before witness ie-ast ended tue steps of Ins honst, he awaiti luosed mund, an I ohseived a nun luiiinn^ doun the linn leading from the biriacUsto George stieet, put sued b\ a« Idler; before ho had iLur«dj7 tho I me Iheuulilier made a tin u t ut h m with » bayonet, the h Idler »vin with mt a «up , ft party pin md i m up (< orc-slncl IoiviikIn Mr. Morns'», house, ml > windi ho tullen el admission, w lion Mi. Moms th- an «id li in lo >,ii uti, wli « li ho did is Í ii is the inihwiv ol M. Mirus's j ronim*?, iindt 1 «Inch li out rid, tin I willies, lo t n^hl ol him, ilij j ihh r rni tow nds th< binuk L, ito, I ul iiiuiiii ni u tlv i< lunn d hi ni hshui¿ lusbiyoiiPl; mid Milt ml wilniss's ^ite ex c1 iimcd, " I hiveniinii blind on ni btivn et, and I'll ha «. «»in in io," willies« iiiimc «liitüly r tired into hs hnisn, the i i «hoi Rieined mut li iiitnxiciiul, p»k< willi t s inu^ li I.li ncieiil, mil ijninil of i sim I st« lure , w mess sulrsrvpi tttlj went o t «. b r uicks, ind sti«d whit hu li id vvitu sstd lo C olonillH I IMMHAY Ititi SlIADt OILI II, Ililli Adpiiml I NNia'wIu n tin Drum-tn ij» m mtiknl tint ij.lt! t bul rni nlly nimnp'l without a cap; the person pursued had a b muk «ir ti nul h is » ineo lu en luecr aitiDtl io bo ihe di in id. The following is the certificate of Doctor Mitchell: - "This is to certify, that I have examined the boyd of Terence Rooney who was admitted into the General Hospital about 8 o'clock yesterday evening and m i f w mi nuns oxpnnl Ho li id teni veil n pim ti luitf wound ni h s rijit sitio, whli li pt h d tin ililli the hvei, nilDlin s, ind on of ihe I ir^e blood venue Is, uud in my o, mion oi cu siontd h s «I« lilli." ' 1. Mildil M.' "Sydney, Aug. 18, 1818.' Henry Ward of Sydncv, clerk to Mr Lyons George Street, dei used, llnl onde « vening ol buitdiv, the I;lb Aiin'U », ho wis it the house of M . Cohen, in (it oil,«' streit, boh« nil » < ousid« r lble umso in the slitil, nul u pou e;oiti ' nul opening th Ir ntdioi, sj iw tin« « soldiiis willi «Iiiiwii li i vom tu in tin ii bunds, win li th« v w« io briiidishin^ in i lui nits ni inner, willies« ohstiverl imiti piuntrilo on his lue, in the middle of iho strut ipfiif ittly won d« 1, soon ifici wit nesssivv i pi i o i mimili * low nd s him, wl "tri, on uppn nhm , leflisif vi « ti lo be is »'die , who i i h d out, " Who ni \ou >' ind lulim - d nely muli i tin list it winnis, who fill «liivvu, and« t i| ed ui|iiiy , the sohliei thin lui lound Mi. Simon' « t ni« r toi/ml tho b ni u k-" ito wh« u win i ss ii tin md to the dom ol Mr. Cohens lons , mid in i hw 'innulis ill i i tu ni e nile rl iwn (lu I mo fruin tho but ok vj tit low mis (»io e-siiei l, (.io nine, pilton li, ml pu sued hy i toidi« r, who ci u «I out, " II n s his blood1 I « i 's hin bliiiiii I white u In ? win io is h 5 I hive no1 vit ii ne vvnb bun " lui ni in who ip punied 11 bave u 11 tved nijtir , indi ti in i ed lo ditei Mi Morris' h list, who o|ipi sed Ins entruiie, th« min pinn de«! » little ittrtlur, mid lurued umh r ¡M . M ni 'ti ritc w iy, md wai otu of si,lil bufón the soldier iinhid Geoige snei I , the tune s ildier, ij> en m1 ml sieiilid, wiliiets «fen witts went over to Mi. Moins's, and siw tim wound d mun undci th (jitiwiy, wh« tu o ilin som lune, he ii is coiiv i *«! io tin hosp nu. Peter Tyler a compositor in (lu Monitor Ofhee, staled, that on tin oft inn^ol Sund u , the 17th August, about a tpintii pi t 8 o'clock, he wau walking ne ii the Monitoi Ofh« «, m Gem "c sttei t, wl va a perron m ( «luck ho k um! dirk Howseis, without i hil, pointed lo two so diu'S mulei ihe out >ek will vvalknrt lnvaids ihe git», atti sud " th u's lim nilli who ,tolc my hit, mid slinui'd i ni iii " wiIikss desiii d the pi is m w o li id m ide (In di tin Kim io insten to Hie bin n k-c, it , tnd e di ivoui I pu vent Ina eiilnmco , uttuaiu did ho, .uni nu mu the ^ate i ilh rht lilt Uki sol It is uni in ide repoit lo (he niitid, ol whom oin l,ivc his linne Snjeaiit lliivkins, and though tiny did not liku t le two sohiii is win» i ti i re I the n tte into custody, one ol the wî m do su vi ii, tint o e of them vvorkid ni tin tnlui's shop, while auothei lemarke I, th it tin mau pointed out eulin! not hive «onuntitd the oil inn eli ire,ed, is he ha«l neitl ei elt n ir ba\ on* t , one of the eçuiri! also nolu d Hi ti one oí ihe soldti i s in used hid not lila ri, in. caji on, or wouJs to tint« Ifit t. William Hawkins, corporal (acting ser- geant) of the 57ih Regt. deposed that having on (¿turi at the in mi b in ti !»,-" it , about H i 'i lei k in lue evening ol yistoid i\ .i peison ate st d lum, eoinp.iiiiiu"' that i sol hci who waa then enti nnn tin Inn t ks>, bad stolin his hat. Wilne'ss lull ¿wed the per on pot ited out, whom be lound to In in a state of iii oxie nun, without belt >r bt)o net, iand with a foraging cap on. The name of this person he gave as ROse, of the 39th Regt. The cap he bad on w is o ic in i men tin mihi ir\ ne p ohibiled fiom _,o o^outol tile binatks, u<(?| tu ¿ on I it ¿\u tiny Witncs hid pevioits!., neal ly ai mur, heird Uni tin te v/ is a ii t lu t e to vi., tvhon, aeciinpiuel by foin ol his uud, he ptocccded up G^oi^e s re t, md ni n the «on i li ei t comer or (he li urai k will he saw a soldier of the 39th Regt. named Danks, whom witue q esiiouid, b t he denied m\v (mthei knovh^« «ft not, ex cepting- stating th it s nue | eiso i h ul sti nek linn, when willies ctnvjid bim t t c huiiek, he hil ibu it the si ne ti no o - se veil i soldier inn hastily u¡j hi tie bi - r ek w ii , low n Is t ie s nilli "it , wi i li howe«ei, he did not eutir; the se i it I si itid to lu ti, lint so «e jobbers bul mu In , on» i Í them witnout a tap. Joseph Lambkin, private of the 57th liegt depose I, that, he uns o gui"«! o i me south buiack-¿at fiom 5 o'cl ck, until 7 on the evening oi Sund iy, the 17 h instant, during- which lima no solilioi eiueiel tie gate ut which he was sentinel, ßut ubuut 7 o'clock, three soldiets ol the 3y li Ke"'t. passid his post andenqmied (he houi, winch he tdd them, when they proeeeled t»w rds Geor^e-stieei, and about IO iniimt s ft i, he heard tint a riot hal taten plae . [ Ti it> witness denle I lavin,; told Sergeant li tw kins tint so ne RoidieiS h id run by ins p st " one of them w thout a tap, '-in I othe - wiso siprev r c itcd, a ni c »ntl a In ted Him- self, ibu alter repenolly cautioning, nui ivarnmg bun, thejuiois «lei I ned, they c old not attich credit t> ins deposition, and re eommende I ¡i repiesenti ion ot his conduct to the Attorney Geueial]. John Lyn h, privite of tin» 57 h Ile^t. lepOsed, that p i the i vening ol bun I y un 17th of August instila, I e w is senti iel l tlienoith bnrack gate, fioin 5 o'e 1 ck til |7, during whicb time nothing otcurreij which be ra, in any decree, on the (¿ubject, of the ptcseut tuques', A braham Jerrtti, pnvuteoftbe 57th lt»;*çt. 1 deposed, that, on Sunday evening, the l7th iii'tint, hu wilson gund on the main bur ' ruck-gale from 5 o'clock 1ÍII7; tit u quarter p.iht 7, ho saw a sold cr of the ij¡uh Ke^t. coining down (»rorge- ntrcct without a rap on lui« hft.d, bul wit ii linee military cup« in Ins hand, which he laid down by tliebu ruck-gate; ¡ii doing which, he drop ed lit» buyout t, wuic'i In-picked up, -wearing " he woul I lime s uni: b-'* bfo to ii.ghi." Witness »vent t > the guan! boise to cull the ?ernennt, bul, on hi* return, tin* soldier hail ni.ule o D', nu1 the cups also »vi re tiki n .iwu) ; willie s -I tie.l, *' th it Lambkin had informed him, that two m throe persons bud run by his pott belbin lie »vas inlieved." The wit- ness fur,liff staled, that so mi afUrhohad been ti'lieveil, a soldier of the ¡J'Hli Re-.t. »vu» brought into the giiurd-huiise, and bad a large spot of blood iipnn bl» bell ; »vitness knows the sol tier's poison, bul is ii it uc <|iiai ile'd willi his n une. At J) p. m. the Court adjourned until 9 o'elo: k on ihe' foilowin; morning. .SECOND PAY. Tunsi>AY,-Auti. I.'). -Upon the resump- tion of the Inquest ti.is morn n/, by (he uuuui'iioiis de .ire of i ho .(mo s, grounded on tiie iiupoi taueu ol' th . ra« ., it w.is mil ied that during the succeeding axuriiiuatiuim, on strangers nIioiiIiI bo inlinitte ception of the Reporters of tile Newspapers. Tue fust winns? railed, wa< Thom is Claik, a patient in tim G uoral Hôpital, who stated, til it about 7 o'c.'ock (iii tile eveniu/ of Sunday last, he was pro reed ii, g to Mr. Nicholson'!, in («eorges reot, und ou pussi.ig Mr. ¡Morris's new Inn he observed ii crowd, mid hi ard nu altercation b< tween (iome young mon and «oui'' of the militaiy; witness p.is ed on toward the main bar,acl< |î«le, and met two or thee aoldi> rs running1 up the »ireet (lit.vard Mr. Mo ru.\\) witli drawn hayoiiet,i in their hand», uno of whom asked vvitucs " »vi.o ure you .*"' but »v thout waiting for ¡i leply, htiuelc witness witu his bayonet, and knocked bim down, »» hen the same person and one or two of lu-, tMiiiiade.s stubbed him willi their bayonets, and then tau away.- Witness, as soon us lie was nblo arose, and proceeded to the main buiruck gulc, and enquirer! for the ser/'-ani, of the guard, when u soldier, a greuadiei, coming to lliegati^ mid in piesetiei: of tin: sentinel, c|ru»v his bayonet, and wounded wit es, in the litce, and then struck his b.iynriei at three young gentlemen who bud picviously joined witness, siyiu«, " if any on,: i U: interfered, ho would give lliem ti.o sume contents;" witness ilien aeenuipauiud tim thei: young gentleineu, by their dcMie, to Mr. WollBtunecrafl'b, who seit for medica! assistance, when witness's wound* »»eie flrc-88ut], und be w.is lodged for thon ghi by Mr. Wotbtoueciaft's Ntlesire, at Mr. Ni- cholson'*?, the yuti-.s,niHi, where, on Hie following morning, hu was ivmoved to the Oi'iieial Hospital. Tin: greiiaJier wai.» tall mau, with'it bear skin cap. IStlward Cishan, a blacksmith, in Sytlue;, Blaletl, t hat between 7 un I 8 o'clock on the evening of Sunday last, he was going down George-street, to a ard' Captain Payne' , when iii ree s ildicta in a line, pushed vio- lently aga ii t liiui, and on his akin/ for »vli.'it naso,i, tin : of the soldier-» ol' uck him ; witness returned th'. blow, and seveiai ulotvs wem exchanged ; when »vitiie->s knocked the hohlier down, ¡uni had the advantage in t.ie fii;ht, one of his couira'es struck Willies with a biiun.'t on tue beul, and knocked bim tlown, and afterward« stabbed bim; witness struggled and got up, and escaped under tin; aiehway udjoiiiiot; Mr. PaynuV house; witue»s, willi Hie assistance ol two persons, proceeded to suigeoii Connelly's; who diesst'ii hi* hurt», when wittuas wa» assisted back to Iii-, lo tliitl in Ihe fray he iiiust have inaiked the soldier wah whom he was principally en- gaged. (Jinnies Skinner, ostler at the Talbot Inn, deposed, dial about lull* pasi 7 o'clock on thi! eveniu/ ol' Sunday last, lie was p i.ssiil/ ilo»vn George- street, and when ue.ir tue Cusioui-hoiise, lie beard borne soldier call- ing out for the guard, one of »he soldieis coming up to witness, seized lum by the bre.ist of his frock, and Ukin/ away ins fiat, anti haiulkeiebie! in it, bell ii up light, and tuen ran away willi it up lue lane loading to ihe south» ru gate of the bairack ; tile soldier pointed a uayonet at witness' breast, and was wlhout a cap ; witness then proei eded lo tue m du barrack-gate, "nil t'ompl.'iiied to the sergeant of the guard, who directed bim t« attend the following miming. James Scot, at present working with Mr. Pemberton, a taylor, deposed, that on the evening ol Sunday last, the l7th instant, about the hour of 7 o'clock, he went to St James' Church, but not seeing his mistress (Mrs. Lloyd) there, be returned towards the barracks, and near the Custom-house he saw a number of people collected, who advised him not to proceed, or he might receive hurt from the soldiers ; witness however did proceed, supposing, that from having lived in the service of Quarter Master Lloyd, the soldiers would know, and not injure him : about midway between the south-east corner of tbe barrack-wall, and the main gate, witness saw a soldier with a bloody bayonet in his hand, and his face bloody, without a cap; witness, terrified, ran back, and under Mr. Morris's archway saw a man lying wounded ; observed that the wound was in his breast, saw him carried to the hospital, whither witness followed. Robert A kin, mariner, déposer?, that about half past 7 o'c.oek on the even «g ol' Sunday last, the 17th ins.ant, lie was pa sin by the CusLoin-liouse towans the Wharf, when after pneeed ng about twenty yan!» b'-yond th'Custom-house, he heard a scuffl , aud ran back to the new building ot Mrs. tteibey, where be saw three soldura flou- rishing tin ir dr.iun bayonet-, hod a niau lying prostate on the ground; one of the soldiers, a short, and apparently a young man, said to the person who was down, .' you b——r I'll do for you," and imme diately gave him a stub with his bayonet; li.e witness immediately ca led for the as- sistance ot constable-, but none appeared ; the soldier who gave the wound appeared by his dialecl to be an " Irishman," and eus um! à ng, "ytif -rs who called the const»ble»,? heir buy out ti, but did not uti ii» coni'p uiioii ; wit .ess returns« Î hi« comrades called him John, "for God's sake John cou.« away I" his cap fell off; oiie of the i'tbrr soldiers picked ii up, and his two romp minn* led bim away toward* the tuai ti barruck-gute; witness followeá and met the HVi gean' of the guard with four other soldiers, to whom he gave in cli.irge one of the three who were oiiginally «i* gaged in the fray withdrawn bayonets; bt» fore the sergeant and his party came out, tlii three soldiers addressed the witness and gentleiiian who was with him, saying, "you are the b——rs who called the constables brandished lack lum or to the place where the wounded man lay; and ir-m-ted in conveying Iii .ti to Surgeuf Connolly* ; the sei gent, lo whian witto gave ihe soldier in chaine, committed hi to one of his parly, and proceded to lill south barrack-gate, accompanied by wi ness und bia friend ; on passing the gat the sergeant enquired " if any soldier hat! run past *"' when a reply was given b Nome peison, ihal some soldiers had just ni by hi« station. Janie-. Colo, of Sydney, Gentleninn, dt posid, that bct»vecu tl.e hours of seven am eight o'clock, on the evening of Sunday the 17th instant, in walking down Gem gc atre'c*, ¡u cou. p my with Mr. Atkin, «bei beiowtle Ciihto e-liou-e, he heard a no1» of quarrelling behind, who i willies;« um! hi coiupaiiiou immediately ran buck mid ob served t»»o Muldiei s standing over a mun win »vus prostrate on ihe ground, when ii lbi«< Soldier, a short mau, c me up; nod Willi n expression of 'I'll put into you, you b—r, stabbed the person who was lying on the ground; the soldiers ti uimhed tuon' bay nets, and the wounded man clung to Mr Atkin imploring prtectiou; witness cullec' for the assi dunce of constable«, bul m>n< appeared ; witnms und It's compañón pro eeed.ng towai iK the main barrack gate, win met by a soldier, who h-hl Ins bayonet oven1 him (witness), enquiring if he was the b—r who had called for a constable, but did mitti tlo bim any injury ; immedihlciy after witnem mel the Sergeant of' the gu.ii'.l wtu threu or foar *oldiers, riniui, g to ian! Cue »cei «u of riot, wtioiii biin-elf mci ¡\1 . Alkin foi lo.Vfd, and at the soiuli-ea ,t collier ol' ihr! burr «ck »vull, found the partv willi a suldiei* in custody; witness und Air. Atkin cou tinned in comp.uiv a» furas the south gain of the barrack, when the sergeant enquired jj ¡ *' if ¡hit s ililicr hn«i pus.ed ;" witness did not t li«ar tile- reply ; but saw a m,n .nindiup at ¡i house near the banack-gute. Witneaj t, and Mr. Atkin retime ti to the place, wher« ', the »vi,muled man lay, and accompanied hitit !* to Surge-on Connolly's, under whose nure } thev left linn ; witmss and Mr, Atkin» were I occasionally Kepari.ed in the course of the»«' , ; occ.rreiice \- j Mr. Atkin voluntarily returned and «tilted] t'mt the t-oldiei, who bo gave in charge, had' a spot of* blood, about tho size ol' a dollar, on his cross belt, just above tie breast, | plate. j James Ibilkeft, of Campbell Town, set-' tier, being duly swoin. deposed, I mt on the evening ef Sunday last, the 17tb in- stant, between the li mrs ol »even aid eight o'clock, be' was stan ung mar iVir. Payne's résidence, in George strvet, when] he observed ti«..* soldiers approu.'biiig, arm in arm, whom u blacksmith and Mr. Payue'c overseer met, when one of the soidiers gave one of them a violent push, on which the blacksmith observed, " we did not offend you, and if you have hurt your pipe clay we will give you more;" the soldier im- mediately gave him a blow with his fist, which the black-smith returned, but the other soldiers attacking him, he was knocked dawn and stabbed by one of them-- a short in in ant by liisdialcd au d ishman; w¡in**i¡, j and Mr. P yne'B caller, conveyed ihe j Wounded man within Mi. Payne's gate, ' when witness rttnind to the slieet and I saw the sante iu * idtial, w|io stabbed tiie ; blacksmith, brdidis dug Ins biyo n-t, when ' he observed the peisou Terence Riouet, f who now lies dead (as this ^vitne-ss believe*) J quietly passinj. and pursued htm under Hu I Morris's gateway, when the deoea- ed wat j soon afterward » found desperately rounded, i William Tlioiiipsoii, Mr. Pay ne'* cat ter, j bi-i g duly sworn, deposed. Unit about 7 j o'clock on Sunday night last, the lyth in- stant, he was standing at Mr. Payne's gute, when he saw three soldiersapproachiug from the barrack-gate; soon after they had jin snell wit ie-,3 heurt a sciiille in tue middle oi' th« stieet opposite Air. Simons' house; witness went to.vunls the np tanti met a man, mun d Thom "is ü.ilton, wini said, " thut one of his p.irty was a out to be murdered," upuii which »vitue s ran to t e spo , where a man was lying on Ihe ground, ¡nut saw a solder standing over him with a bayonet in his hand stabbing at the man, but frequently missing him, and striking the bayonet in the ground ; this soldier was a short man, about ii Let one. or two inches, und, by his ', accent an Irishman ; Tin in is J Ja I ton ran up, j .uifl taking the soldier ny the co lar, dragged ; him away, when the ot'jer l»»o soldiers, immediately tJre»v their bayonets, and b at , tu-.: ptrsou who was on the ground w th the flatsi.ieof them; on -eein,; this Dalton re-./' tired and ni xed anning the crowdrwhen the' so (hers last mentioned sheathed tneir bayo- nets, anil endiavouied to withdra v their comrade fiom the mau who was ¡jingon the ground, saying, "come along, Jack, We'll stay no longer; » but be broke away from them, exclaiming, "by the Holy Ghost, I'll kill the b——." The man who had been on the ground was about tins tima rising, when the short soldier above mnuti m ed ran at him, and made a stab at him with his bayonet; whim the.man instantly fell, eying out he wus stabbed; the other Mo s »Idiers turned back, one of whom hel p«d up the wounded mau and tile other ag «ia tried to force away his comratl -, who gave the wound, who again burst from him, and re- turned towa.ds the wounded muí,excLiim iug, "by the holy Jesus I'd have his life;" the soldier, who was assisting the wounded*;, man, iinweditely placed hirns It' before lum' in order to protect lum, wneu the -diorf sol- \' dier made repeated attempts to stab bim on eichsi-'eo his comrade; both the solders then seizing their infuriate! companion f.roed bim .tWay towards the barrack gate, and witae-s "conveyed the wounded man wilbiu .Mr. Payne's gateway, and closed th« gate ; witDM* »ben proceeded to th» spo* wlere Ilia scuIAh had tuken place, where li* . picked up.« soldier's bruni) (which bundi witness prod ne d lo the J m or») ; wilnm koon after tuw a, mun in white trowsers, and he think«, u »¿rey jacket, running past Mr. Payne's gute, in the middle of the loud, ami heard the abort soldier cry out "that's the b-r, uud I'll kill him;" he instantly pin sued the niau, ami witness soon «fier heard his outirj " hat he was inur tlercd, that he waa killed," the short soldier wa« pock-pitted, with light limr; witness is of opinion ho should recognise his voice ; Witness soon ufter saw the three soldiers run up the lune towards tiie south bur ruck gute, and presently niter saw four or liuiol ihe ginini running tovvauls the spot where Hie hist mau was wouudiil; n gentleman then caine to Ali. Payne's gute, anti desired the wouude«! iiiuii lo accompany hiai to .Surgeon Co.uo'.ly's, adaing Hutt he hal givi n the tuan in charge, iiü.'uuiiig, as the witness siitiposcs, one ol' the «oldinr-. James Henry, liooiised publican, depos d, thul about 7 o'clock, or a little- lute'4, <>u tho «vening «d' Sunihy last, the I71I1 iustint, he was bt.ni'lint; ut the «loor of nis b itne in York- street, when he* saw live siddu-rv, us he thinks, ru niug up 1V0111 tienr-ie- siro-i, ihr. o ol' whom k ocked ut tliunniitli biirruck^iit,: retjuestiiti; athiiissioii ; the otho two turned np York slreil, and the tiree, {'.tiling io ob- tain ciitruuc-c, turtie-tl up the lane iowa «Is Ohnciic-e-slno: ; they ap eaietl very anxious for ¡idiiiisdou, but not immediately suc- ceeding, uuide olf nt full spoil, William Hawkins, coi-pornl (arting ser Ëeunl) of the 57th Hegt, deposed, that .links wa» 11 t given in charge lo him by any one, but he wuk induced to send bim to the ban nek, from a suspicion that he mi'-ht huve been cu»M¡-cd iu the riol, which he ivus, told had taken pi ice. William Danks, private of the 3").h liegt. ! .dßpoired, that about the ho"r ot 7 o'clock -on Sunday evening List, the I71I1 ¡11st mt, he, in company with two ol' Ins coin aíiVs, ! had been ima public-bouse, in Pi > (-si reel; ! «?ii «pi'itting it, lio proci-eded townids tho, ?bill-rack«, corporal Dull'd, one of his com-] piiiiions, luivali; le I finn as H'mhi a? (hey had " .«lift, whose nan e 1 e «lots no1 know, nceoin- , pitying witness-on reaching neni-^e-stieet, ¡io saw a sohhil- «ni the gummi, and honn; . persoiih be..t tig l.iin ; hu instantly run and .lified up tbosoldhr, winn he and twoothir »old«ti ran away up the lane, leading to the ?ftotlth biilT.nk gilt«-; WlllleSs wii.t pmccoil li" 10 his quintéis m hen hu was mci by some »tihliers of the g»nu«l, uti I taken to the 'barrack :; witness afterwards, on being .pri'SKtil, ui'knoivledg. d that lip knew the soldier who he had raised, uni thin his n.uno is Geason; witness endeavoured to take him 1.way, bul he bu'ivit iroin him, with his drawn .buj«mel in his hand, appuient!-/ in pursuit .0 Koine one; wuuiES'»coat, heil, and hands wire marked willi blood, as he hi licves «'omin-.;iiic. Geason; witness held Geason, while, flou- lishing his bayonet, in the hope of preventing his use of it against any of the persons to- wards whom his rage was excited ; witness does not know the two soldiers who were in company, and ran off with Geason, except from the information of the latter who stated them to be Herbert, and a light company man, whose name he does not at the moment recollect.—[In giving the above evidence, whn li hi.* iippeuied to do with great r» luct .aiic , Dank» seemed much ugiuied, uud |-ej)«tt«'d!y prevaricated um! con'radicted himself, for a long time positive!* «lehying «II knowledge of tim name of the s id ¡cr Vrho he had lifted up, or of ¡my other soldier in company, though he iihiniately gave the names of Geason and Herbert. It was therefore judged necessary to direct that the witness, Danks, with Geason and Her- bert, should be taken into custody of the civil power, and detained in separate con- finement.] At 10 p.m. the Inquest was adjourned till 9 o'clock the next morning. THIRD DAY. Wf.onksday, Suth August, 1828-William l)uu'|ia|¿r, ol' Sydney,' nullor, deposed, I list on Ihe emiiiifc ol' .-sunday last, tJieT7th instant, ¡ihuut > ' . 'h.ilf-|iii*«t seven oVInck, in company with Thomas Clarke, now lying wounded in Ihe general hospital .(lint whom witness has, commonly known ¡m Philip Miniinuii), lie was proerediii',' «town Ueor^e'-xtreet, when, about 30 yards Iron» the «nulli rast corner ol' llir* Itarrai'k-willi, witness saw a sulilicr, a short stout .min, attempting to stab, with iii'« drawn bayonet, a , per-on dressed ni a bin* or dark j icket and liyTit trousers, and another soldier, a much taller man, en- deavouring to prevent him, having placed the person .tlai'kc'il behind iiiin tor security, ami at length pushing the «ame person down a passuge out ot the w. v ; (nilli .soldier» then ran over under the luri.ick wal!, mid presently after ii "oldier, wiiumiIuchs be- lieves to have hri'ii the shorter of the two before ?described, caine hehind him anti his companion, ami ».mug, " Von h--r, you, who aie )our" »truck Thomas Clarke on the back ol' his head willi his drawn bayonet, and knocked him down,and, while on the ground, repeatedly «tabbed lum ; when mother soldier, a taller mau, re cinblhig in iize> the «me above* described, ran over anil »ave Clarke two or lin ce kicks; witness then, apprehensive for his own safety, i|uitte that lie »iiould recognize tim voice ol' tile short sol- dier. , William Scudder, private of the 57lh Regt, and .nrvnut tu Ckilmiel Shadforth, deposed, licit on the creuiug of Sunday last, the 17th instant,about ball past seven uYloik, |> oree ihig doini <¿enrg,* street, ""toward Hip lii.iin hariaek gate, lu* me« several per tous (rivilini-) running, win» sit d (be soldiers wire «hating lliein, willi drawn tmyoucts; willies^, hou cvi-r, |irorccned, and h as met by tw». soldiers of tile* 39th Regt, with drawn bayonet«, who (old him to .land off; lie replied he was ¡i soldier, mid Colonel Miadforth's servant ; when «me of the soldiers took him by «he hand, and desired him to pins on. Having proceeded a few pacen, wituen* saw a person »tripped .nd wounded in the back, leaning again ita wall, and a number of people round him. About midway between the south east coiner of the barrark wall »nd the main gate, witness saw a soldier of the aGtli . hegt, in the custody of iv party of the 571 li Regí, consisting of a «ernennt and four privates, into whose «'barge, he lieiievis, he iviis committed by a gentleman jirenent with Hie parly, whom witness '- . heard say (addressing the soldier of the 391b lt"gt.), \ ' "You arc the mau who committed Ihe "deed j" ami { "I run swear to you !" The tuilriier'wlio was in cus ! tody wai without his cap. On enquiring for it, one of the guard lolJ him it wa» in the guard-house. \ On j-eacliiug t .e main- gale, willies» stood there for j Mme time, and heard mine soldiers, who were near, I observe, "It «/¡II go hard willi him,fur there'» blood ' upon his belt " Witness is of opinion» th H (be sol- dier of the 3Dlh, who took him>y the band, was an \ 'It ¡uliman, from his dialect. He wai a abort man ; t «i battalion man ; a id, in witacsb' judgment, had nut ; |«^becn lonp ia garrison. '» I fl Thomas Dalton, shoemaker, a servant el Mr.', , Payne, deposed, that between 7 and H o'clock, on . !, ^m the evening of Sunday last, the 17th instant, on pri- ? '' Pr < eis nid I ast the Jilt he ion ur ier cas e ; ois irk red to tal the d, the nt, in he i e at | iel ib ds lUS .te- ll« Wharf; ho All ni with lomn of lu» fellow lerrMt«, ,H|i and whs nicompau) ¡n¿ tlirui to Mr Payne's Up, 1 three toldici» ovirlnuk und justin! witmss mu! a blacksmith, who »va» holding by lus arm, on winch the hitttrsaid, " mildil r, talo tint ol'yum pipe tliy " Hie snhllir instantly simile lum (the bl ti ksunlh), who reluriiitl lh<> bin»», and knocket! down tim soi ilu r, wlu u twu compiitunu* immédiat« ty utliu lad tie bl teksuutll, mid kunekeil lim down, ami while on the cronin! re, i it« illy kit ki ii bim lu th< nu'iiii time, Hie soldii r lust knot kid down, got up and joinid ni beatint; the bliteksiiiith, willi«*»' cumpa mous were running aiv ty, »»licit lie till« (I out tu them foi ass st inte, mil nut to permit uitndcr to be iimimitlt ti ni the stn el, witness tina sun ,1 oiui ni tia», Idu is liv the collar, uni drtnvl him aw ly , whuu'lhc olhtr two sold« is «lirw their liiyout ts, mid »uhlan«; the bhilfsiiulli, bli linn, and run lu issist their muir ide , »»boni lie let «¿ti, ami sewing t stunt, tlunt; it at tin m, it sliuek lum on the lie id, tut I kuucktdnjl histitp I lit linn mihlici s then roi oil towinlstlu uiuii birrn k ¿uti, pursui d bv »fitness und tilt* t;i nth meit. I indui^ themselves followed, the soldi« i h tut ned bick, tu I with tlteir ink, I hiyonit. in tin ir hinds, met and ntibl>td atauini ni a dark jiekel and wlule truwscis, and tinn chu«' up lit one til ti« |,culleiecu ulm lui catii I out (or i oust ihh s , win n tin short st ol the Hint j .binrs mi ii him, is ii iibnut to u ik ii thrust at bun »vitli his liiyonel, «i)ii»"', " Hil ti li ive you to do with th« Ihisiiicnh' ' tu »lut h the (;« nth mar re piled, " nullum,, my j,o> I min " when the snldiei txiliinucil, " Ity the Holy Ghost I'll kill lum "' uni pursuing tin ni in, »tlio hld pr viou-dy bctiiwiua ii d, ovt nook linn urn the sjuth r ist tornrr o tin li ii i.nil »vii), tnl neilin si ilili« I him unler Mr Mnrnss thi mullí li u ni k üitii*, tin! »vitnisssiw no more ol lliem, hut assi tut m nu uiu^ the ivtitin li d iii iii, at his o»rn eulin st < ntn viv Hu shuit dot I it« turee solilnis wes (Iii nu i »ho si ibbid lins I ttlei i>cr»nii, mil ulsi the' lil liksiilitli, lu spike' with U stroiiL, Irish uri nt,nuil »rilin h tliiuks he'eoul t identity lum j., lliriiuril lilzpatiiek, Conductor ol the .Suprimo er- Court, d >|i(isi d, tint this murnini,, In titeen Ihe hum* hat of 8 and 1), he wat, ni No ) Watt li-house linne, where Geason and Herbert, soldiers of the 39th Regiment, were confined in separate rooms; a soldier "| tit tluir It« "'inn ut emit lu tlieui with lueiklust, y winch »»lim ks li iiuled into them I lie purtles con- fined i tittil d into tout i rsttion »iib tin suhin.r, to ,l,t l'us Í whom witness rupii sti ii to go iwav, hut lie s nil lie |rt »»unid will fir the tin», vilueli he did, outside iii« °. " i watch home, it a grit« ii wind jw, wiltuss retired L i into t Iii« k room out ot sijjht ol Ihr sol lu i, »vhcre lit, t he s tt silu itly In a ft »r minute* Gi t on e died out, ?! t ?*. Are you time Hill'" Who ans« 11 eil, "Hollo,' ,t i wilutMss linn moví d but irds Hu dour ot the room in which Geason was confined, lightly, and overheard "".the lull iwiiiL, ciiiiursili ni -' liol, is lint «1-I "- ! i oust ilile th i« ' the sol her n phill, " N ) he it is uni i ¡.mu biekwuds" (? uoii Hie i »mt on, " 1 my, 0|. Hill, »» h r« it Dui'is1 ' lo in et, me he "g he no un iVIl nit ds s di »vliitiitiu titln r uusvterid, Ile i-, in Nu r> \\\ licit lions , I «iw lino tinr« lins nun mill, " "is be luektii up m wi in," cu<|tnri d li(nsuii> "No,' itiui ii»'oin i," he is outm the kit eui ii tviu'lelhelirriH ' .VWiillnvi tile) to illili d lum hu'' iisktil litusi u »< Oh ' you know vu II inoiigh, n pin.ii the ollur " Oi von think hi his .split tay linn,'' ' sud (?« i-ou » 1 i innot st)," n spun li d the other, "I suppose ," proceeded Geason, "they got him drunk and picked something out of him, and tint hu bits emile it" "Oh' rein irk« d the soldar, it is i bul job it any late, " Well ti--a it, it e in'l be lu Ipi«], Hu y must do as tiley like ' "Danks is the man that saved my life," said Gea- son; Herbert here called out to Geason, "Jack, I wish you would hold your tongue." The conversa- lion tniliii In ri, lud tlifsoltlitr «I« puled Jti->rpli lli>lins, toustibh ol Syiliu y, vvituens d, th it bli«; on duty ul No 3 »viitnhulis list evening, when Geason and Herbert, of the 39th Kcut tvt re binunht tiieie lui couliiieuient, ni i li w mimili s alter their urn vii, lu overheard the iolloiv ing conversation:—Geason called out to Herbert, in I nu I, "Jiek, you know I know iiolhui£ lb mt any min in the »voibi, mil as lui tint i-eouu tjrei conn te I ni No £>, I t lum do Ins best " lb rbert here' Intel rup Iel lu» eon» en. itiou, iu¿l willie».* de- parted. Wulhm Danks, priv itr ol the 39th Reft lu nig redoled, deposed, m tun, ellon ol Ins lunnir evi- dence-I hut, »hen he rused Geasmi boin tile (.lound, (lieie was a p« r-.nu uiuii r lum, at whom he w ik stielt ni); with Ins ti i) one l, tu tt he, atti r rauin,; Geason from the ground, saw him run at a man, willi us bilyuin t, to ilith bun, but til ii he (Dum.._) pi uid lu nsi li in trout ol tin in in, to cover and pio tect him from Geason, who made every effort to get at the man, and severely hurt witness' hand by se- veral blows from the blade of his bayonet. Geason appeared very furious and bent upon mischief. The person whom Geason pursued with his drawn bay- onet, after bursting from witness' hold, was near Simmons' and Morris's new building. Witness ublol, tint Herbert hld lost lib brush, ¡lui lual the hiiii.ii sh wn him list nihill was Hu one I ist by H i birt Wlnle Giasun »»as oi the ground, Hubert ¡nul tin light euiiipmy man were enh ned in fi"htiu¿ with tin populace. Unhurt ami dwsiwi minc pat ticulaily were mont tiniest willi tin» witness nut to divulge my cirtunu.1 tutes u »w staled, li which he plcdgi d illili eil, mil this w is t ic re is in ut ins're ¡ut taut and imperil el testimony yesli rd ij Illinium Uil ton bung agiui called, blind folded and coueealed in a corner ol the room, Cea-xiu ami Herb rtvtirc m ver illy tailed in, and a lew uium portant ijiicsliou* i>ktti them, not on o Uli, m order that D.iltun uii¡¡tit Inar their vmies, vvl ¡eli, isic gards Geason more particularly, he professed himself able to reiuL.iiize When on Inslormer oitli, Dillon fuisitivily and unliciitalioaly dcel ire«! the volte ol Geason to be that of the soldier who stabbed the two men (the blacksmith and the dtci ased), and tint the voice oi lleit.eit «a» that oi the noiUier who he dri«,¡riU ;way whilst bealing the blacksmith, and at wlumi he threw a stone Michael Rumu.1, privite ol the 39th liegt depo- ned- lual, ibont six o'cloi k on Sumliy evening last, lu, tin« witness, m loinpiny willi torporil Dullel ami Willi nu Dauks, ul Ins rcj;imeut, It It the birruks, ind went lulu a publie house, lu Pitt strict, and hld une hall pint ol rum, aller winch tiny went, nu their return, up Pitl-.trtet and alum; kiii(i-sir li ivinp' parted company ni Pitt-street Un reaching; Gcoigc street, willies« observed airowdot people near nie suntu cast coiner ot the binack-wali pio ceedin^ to the mun gate, t icy met three «oldicm, and |Hcsrntly al er li« ard a gie it nuise, and ob- served seveial «tones thrown Dank» proposed to jT«) b tek anil see wb it was the- nutter, Irum wine« witness endeavoured to dissuade him; Danks, however, persisted in his purpose to return, and witness beiii^ for duty pincLcdcd alone to Hie bauaek» Jl is wilne a' ileeitit'd Opinion th it V* iib nu \V ilsh, the steiind, «im unco! the thice soldiers who p»-,sed bun towirds the populate, and what continus ins opinion is, (hat he lound un Ins rituiu to barracks that VA ii ham Walsh was a ist ut FOURTH DAY. Yosterdiy the linjueit r« - o nmeiiced proceed niRs , when the following was re id by the Coroner, as Ihe Will el ol th.; Jury - " I'la* Inquisition ritut » « Verdict, that th« deal ii of the deuated wat occattoned bp a mortat wound inflicted with a bayonet in ka right breait, hy John i.ea» m, aultd and abetted ti) John Herbert and William »KaivA-uti three private toldwrt m Hu MujeHy» Mt a iiogiment of tnfarttti), and that the aforenamed John Geason, John Herbert, and William Walsh, are guilty of the wilful murder of the deceased Terence Rooney." An unfo tunite alla r took place ni the theatre at V .Inar «iso m S ptember, m winch a iiiidshipuiuuol the Doris was tuimusly in. suited and attack« I by a Chilian serjeunt, whom the midshipman," iii his own deft nee, shot. Suth «as Hu tuinultin the town, a id the dinger «»I the British i,habitants, that Nu John Smcl ir had the marines of the squadron in raadme-s to lan I. Captain Kieliarl», of tue Tiger, was pre.ent at the time, in c unpa iy with tbe midshipman. An individual, resident in Sydney, was fined 36 shillings, by the Magistrates, on Wednesday, under the late Act of Council, for rescuing some sheep which were being conveyed to the pound by a constable. 