T'"HE IONIXTOR. MONDAY, JULY 7, 1828. TnE' Sydney Gazette has been pleased, on the re ported departure of the Venerable Archdeacon Scott from these shores, to pass a high culogium on that gentleman. 'As we diCer somewhat from the Editor on this subject, and as his panegyrics will go to refresh our memories on certain points of the publie character of Mr. Scott, we will here quote them piece-meal, and make our remarks thereon .seriatim, "The AcHCIIDEACON, as industriously reported, aye, and even confirmed, is not going home on the Boddingtons, nor has Mr. Scott any intention of leaving the Colony as early as might be wished by those who are as given to change as the wind is known to be variable. In the late Administration we had the misfortune, though unconsciously, to impart of fence to the Archdeacon, under the effects of which we have laboured .more or less ever since; what we have therefore now to urge respecting that Gentleman, will be taken by our Readers as wholly disinterested on our part, for we have no cause to serve even in speaking the truth on this occasion. Though we are aware we are not on the same terms with the Venerable the Archdeacon as we were ii 1825, previous to the transactions in which Doctor Douglass was mixed up; and whilst we disclaim any desire to attract the goud graces of any one that may esteem, is unworthy 9f sucl} attention, peyrrtheless,' WE do not consider the worthy Editor quite so disin terstled as the'latter part *of the above quotation would have us believe. The Archdieacop, and thilste Clerk' of :t:e Council ar,' be it rpernbmbed, still :at qbinity. i'The Editor 'in Sir Thoin?s Brisbine's ttine Wits the tliick-and-thin supporter. o6f Dr:. ougla ,,and the op panent ofthe Archdeacori. Now, having turned the Doctor up, he wishes very naturally, to make friends with the Church. " We cannot help stating our-op inion, that 'it would be de trimental to the interests of the Country, and especially to the risini generation, if the Archdeacon were nowto withdraw himself from the Colony. No Church Dignitary that ever breathed could have been more zealously, faithfully, and ably employed in advancing the . morality nd piety of a Country,.tlhan the present Archdeacon of New South Wales, since his acceptance of an office which is no less irksome and xesponsible, than it is useful and important." How far three thousand a year is irksome to receive, we cannot form a judgment, never havingchad the good luck to receive so goodly an income. If it be irksome for Mr. Scott to receive it, we' can only say, we think it a very extraordinary trait in his character. We never knew but one or two instances of the Clergy feeling it irksome to receive a good stipend. However let this pass.. TaH Editor of the Gazette, in alleging that preaching to his fellow creatures, guiding the Church of Aus tralia, and acting as public guardian of the youth of the Colony, with respect to their education, have been irksome, pays neither himself, nor Mr. Scott any very great compliment. TIHE present distressing drought has existed a long time. When the Archdeacon was at Hobart Town, the R1ev. Mr. Hill at St. James's used the chur.ch,prayer for rain; but presently he omitted it. The Archdeacon returned shortly afterwaeds. He preached at bt. James's. He never once alluded to the present drought. His sermon of fifteen or twenty minutes was quite foreign to the present public distress. Neither was the prayer for rain used in the service before sermon. ALL this, in a Colony which abounds with Deists, and where a belief in' a particular providence is not half so well believed and understood, as a certain sectarian knowingness in the doctrine of 'justification by faith, and other abstruse doctrines of minor importance, ap. pears to us, a lamentable. deficiency of ministerial discretion in Archdeacon Scott. BUT there is another part of the Archdeacon's con& duct, of a negative kind, which we feel it our duty to mention. Judge Hale has left his opinion on record, that the Sabbath is the foundation of Christian morals. And so says the Bible. Why then did the Archdeacon, and the Clergy, and the Church and School Corporation in particular, as the consvervators of, public morals, neglect to petition the Governor and Legislative Coun cil to pass a law (the same as obtains in Scotland) to prevent in this Colony stage-coaches-running on a Sab. bath day, as was suggested to them by us two years ago ? These vehicles are. filled on, a Sunday morn ing with persons who go to spend the day at country inns, and on the Sabbath evening they are filled with the same persons, most of them in a state of in toxication. We allow that many of the same persons would still take their pastime in gigs, and on horses, and in carts on the Sabbath. Be it so. But the Go vernment will have done its duty in the mean time. As well might the Government cease to prohibit the open ing of shops on the Sabbath- day, because many of our Sydney shop-keepers sell goods clandestinely, as that they should not do all they can, consistent with the just liberties of the people, to preserve the exterior sanctity ,of the Sabbath-day. We want not Government to go a jot further than the outside of things. But the frame of religion it is their positive and' imperative duty to *build up and keep in repair. The filling up must be done by the people. It is in vain for Government to go farther than external decency and public seemliness. To do more, would be to break in on civil and religious libertyt, and to open a door to the entrance of religious persecution, and hypocrisy. IT, is said, "stage- coaches run in England." True. And gaming-houses and little hells and brothels are licensed in.London. But'what have we to do with the vices, the follies, the bigotries, and the old moral ulcers of 1ngland All her good laws we have a right to. They arp ours by law. The constitution and law haye made all her good ipnstitutions ovus. They are our birth rig/ d; and if the Colonista do not enjoy them; it is owing to their ignorance, or their venality, or both. But the bad laws of England are not ours. The law and the constitution declare they are not. WVe' have no right to them. For it is not fit that an infant Colony should be inoculated with the virus of England's moral wounds, which have diseased her for ages. 'razs, are some of ozr reasons for not agreeing with the Editor of the official Journal, " that it would be de " trimental to the interests of the Colony, if the Arch "' deacon were now to withdraw himself from the " Country." These are our reasons for not agreeing with him, that " no Church dignitary that ever breathed " could be more zealously faithfully and ably employed, "in advancing the morality and piety of the Colony, '" than the present Archdeacon of N. S. Wales." " Whether Mr. Scott be viewed as a plaein and unaffected Minister of the Gospel, in preaching its 'evangelical truths, or whether he be lookedat as the highest Dignitary the Venerable EJtablishment in this Colony at preseui possessese, his virtues, his talents, and usefulness, appear equally? 9S . cuous, and shine with a brilliancy that reflect honor sacerdotal office." . WVE have not 'looked on Mr. Scott':as a plain unaf. fected minister of the Gospel. He bh?s been engaged in too many. public quarrels, ahd .his name, either as . Prosecutor or Defendant, has beei too often recorded. in our Courts of Justice, to command .our assent to this portion of the Editor's praises. A plain unaffected minister tf the-Gospel, is, above all things, a man of peace. There is nothing he will not sacrifice to this. Even the interests and honour of the church are by such condidered to be best pro. moted, when they are.given up, if they cannot be up. held without public litigation and private ill-blood. IT appeared to us inconsistent with the temper and character of "' a' plain unaffected Minister of the Gos " pel" when Mr. Scott interfered in the manner he did, with Mr. Walker, late Minister of the female Orpbha school Parramatta. What too could be more .ncon., sistent with the temper and character of " a plain uni affected Minister of the Gospel" than' his taking such strong notice of the speeches of the free inhabitants of .this Colony when .assembled' according to law, to pe tition the Crown and both Houses of Parliament for an improvement in this Government ? If the Church here and its Ministers were at that Meeting the sub ject of jocularity, on account of their goodly. salaries, and the reports in circulation, that the proceeds of the Church Lands would be taken to themselves, seeing that as forming the Committee, much power was ves ted in them, why should not Mr. Scott, as a meek forbearing Minister of Jesus Chrisr, have passed all this by, as idle talk ? Instead of which, in the spirit of a man otathe world, and in the spirit of a party man, who feels bound to resent all reflection and supposed insults upon the Cloth, Mr. Scott wrote to the Sheriff personally, and against him to higher Authority. The first brought the Archdeacon before the bar of public opinion as a politician ; the latter finally terminated in the Sheriff's being compelled to resign, and in Mr. Scott being also invited to resign. For the Archdeacon must excuse us if we think, that his resignation nine months ago, was very opportunely sent in, by him. ONE evil leads to another. The character of a Mi-' siister of the Gospel is so delicate, that; like the cha racter of a female, the first step out of the walk of d. corum can seldom be retraced. Quarrelling wilh Mr Walker, the Rev. Mr. Therry, the Sheriff, and the public speakers of the Colony, induced the newspapers to take sides with the latter against the Archdeacon, whose conduct herein, coupled with his very great inti macy with those who are believed by all to he hostile to. the liberties and best interests of the Colony, made him thereafter be considered as a leader of the same party. Mr. Scott, as a dignified Clergyman, found the attacks of the Journals. insupportable. Before how-. ever he became mixed up with politics, why did be not remember, that all politicians have to pay a heavy tax for their patriotism, by their being 'obliged to submit' to be ever and anon shewrn up by the adverse party To the Archdeacon was the subseqent Stamp-act ascribed. The Colonists believe to this day, that Ge neral Darling would not have attempted such an at tack on the freedom of this little kingdom, but for Mr. Scott. The Stamp-act therefore, crowned the Arch deacon's unpopularity. He had been unpopular as Mr. Bigge's Secretary. The Stamnp-act made him regarded as a greater enemy to the liberties of New South Wales than Mr. M'Arthur him elf; and of the two, the latter is less unpopular than the Archdeacon. Mr. M'Arthur has awarded to him the plea of talent, perse verance, and consistency. In all theoe Mr. Scott is con sidered deficient. _ Withh respect to Mr. Scott being '" the highest Dignitary the venerablte esta blishment in this Colony at presnt possesses," we beg to observe, that whether we consider the sacred cause of true bible piety, or the equally sacred cause of religi- ous and civil liberty, we hope the office of Archdeacon will, so long as the world lasts, continue to be the highest office of the branch of the Church of England with which the British Government has been pleased to burthen the people and the land of this Colony. We have the express authority of Christ for believing, that while to secular authority is delegated the office of making secular laws and promoting public morals among the people, (such as, personal security, public peace, security of property &c0;,) to God's spirit only doth it belong to make men pious. On the subject of relihious sentiment and religious feeling and religious doctrine, no man nor set of men have or can have a right to dictate to-others. Therefore no one sect has a right to be paid above another. The Church of Eng land may be infallible, like the Church of Rome, for what we know. But it may also- be fallible. There may be other Churches for instance, whose doctrines are full as accordant with the Bible, if rightly interpreted. Therefore common sense shews, that the Government of a Country can have nothing to do with such things. Devotion is a matter which belongs to God only. It is a sentiment between a man and his Creator, which the Magistrate and the law have little to do with. To in duce men to keep the peace, pay every one their due and defraud no man, the law ought to interfere; but scarcely farther. The law has no right to tax one class of men to support other men's devotions, no more than it has a right to tax those other men to sup port theirs. The education of the poor in the art of reading and writing, may be done by the Government. but the inculcation of particular doctrines should be left to parents, and to God, and his providence. If the bible be not a lie—if it really be true, it cannot be overthrown. If it be false, the best way to keep up the delusion is to arm it with secular power, and give the public money to a host of idle men to preach it to the people. T1' RErFORE,'if the Archdeacon be to be regarded and: Venerated by, the Colonists, merely because he holds a high ecclesiastical office, we say, such an ontce in Australia, is to us a matter of grief and vex ation.' :We like not such images and representations of Europe's ancient ecclesiastical pomp and authority. America has no established religion. Yet her people are she amost religious people ou the face of the earth; and also the most moral. "Of the interests of the rising generation, the Archdeacon has eF1?,been 4 steady advocate and patron; and he has done norjustiiceto ttheir character and qualifications than any other Public Officer of whom we have ever had any knowledge." Ws do not say.tliat Archdeacon Scott has been idle since he came to, the Oolony. We however have no hesifatiO 'in" sying, that considering his very large salary, he could not -have done much less. The paro cbiul schools in the interior of the Colony, have certainly been' considerably increased since Mr. Scott's arri val. Major Goulburn however did more in Sydney in the School-way, than the Archdeacon has done. The principal free-education school of Sydney, commenced by Major Goulburn, was more thriving in his time, than it is at this moment. As to any special " justice "done to the character and qualifications of the rising generation" of this Colony, Mr. Scott did in his first public address to the Clergy here, express himself handsomely of the young people of N. S. Wales. In this however he was not original. He only trod in the steps of Governor Macquarie, Sir Thomas Brisbane, Mr. Marsden, and Major Goulburn. He only echoed what these experienced men had testified to years before. But with all his love for the young people of this Colony, do they, either collectively or individually, feel the least regret at Mr. Scott's departure ? We will venture to say, that the departure of theArchdeacon will not cause the youth of this Colony to breathe a single sigh ! No public officer ever created less in terest among the Currency of N. S. Wales, than Mr. Scott. " "For liberality of sentiment, as regards religious tolera tion, it is questionable whether the Colony will ever find Mr. Scott's equal-his superior, in that respect, will never be forthcoming. We would ask, whether this alone is not a trait in the character of a Church Dignitary, that is wor thy of being recorded? ' . WE are,surprised the Editor of the Government Journal,.hould ascribe this quality to Mr. Archdeacon, when it is believed, that through his interference a most indefatigable and pious christian minister in this Colony, (we mean the Catholic Clergyman the Rev. J.-J. Therry), was deprived of his salary and the post he held under Government; an office on the strength and credit of which, he left his church in Ireland, and took upon him the pure of souls in New South Wales. The endowing Mr. Scott with a peculiarly tolerant , spirit thereferore, appears to us to be as parasitical, as to have attributed to him the appellation of " a plain " usaffected Minister of the Gospel." Mr. Scott not only got involved in political quarrels, but he did not even contrive to live- in harmony with such a man as Mr. Therry, a Gentleman universally repected by Pro testants (save' a few bigots,) and greatly beloved by his own people: A Gentleman, who although warm when he thinks he is imposed upon, uses that warmth in acts of condescension, tenderness, and sympathy, to the poor and the mean of his flock. His character is to be known amongst them. By this true Bible standard ought Mr. Therry to be judged as a Minister of the Christian religion. We know, that with those re ligionists in the Colonimy who dissent from us, Mr. STerry's being a Catholic, is a crime. But itf a Minis tes walk and cuiuversationi be to be judged of by tihe lote of his people, and of the poorest of his people, Mt?Therry is behind ho minister in New South Wales. i'"The reciFt of' the retirement of the Venerable the A,? deacon is void of foundation, and we have little doubt b??utour Readers will rejoice with us for the news we have dvanced, that such a report is absolute fiction: and as the Slearned Editor of the Australian would say, and in fact did isa the other day; we would also " advise our Readers to attaDeh no isportance whatevei to the stories of unfeeling ,. aBlinterestel perxirs, or suppose that a thing is, because > the ygi it to be !" Tae report of the retirement of the Archdeacon is inot without foundation. We again assert Mr. Scott 1is going home, and that he once deretrmined to go eOie in the Boddingtons. -He may however del.iy his parture a few-months. But Mlt. Scott is going home. hls we pledge ourselves to. .iRE ends our criticism on the panegyric of the tor of the Sydney Gazette. We wil conclude by. Ber;Ing, that ha'd Mlr. Scott imitated Mlr. Saxe Uolster in separating. himself an much as possible the society of persons who govern a party in this olony,. e might have earned, as that Gentleman did, e epplausea of all liberal and candid men, and retired om the Colony universally respected if nut beloved. To command the love of. the majority of a Commanity ,.is nDOtlf any manls ;ower; But'to command their re spect, is in the power of all men. Mr. Bannister's family we feel confident, led hini to keep up bonnexions with politicans, which otherwise his very nice sense of honour would have induced him to sutlfr to'languish'. But the feelings and comfort of his family had that weight in a brother's aff, ctions,'which they ought to have. Hence his situation became one of the greatest difficulty. The manner in which. he emerged from those difficulties, untainted and unbelouded,' proved at ont e, the purity of his principles, and the wisdom and amiability of his disposition. IT was no fault in Archdeacon Scott that he had been bred among politicians and merchants, and ha l been a man of business and of the world- I might, and we think indeed it was, indecent in those who ordainedj him for this Colony, to send us for our Bishop, a Gentleman who had been a merchant ; and who as Mr. Bigge's Secretary, was necessarily, or at. least unavoidably, a Colonial politician. But when once Mr. Scott had brought his mind to swear ex animo, that he was moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him the sacred offliceof Archdeacon, that minment he should have bid adieu to politifs of 'all kinds.' 'That moment he should no longer have been seen personally at a Bench of Magistrates; calling to his aid the chief men of a certain party. That moment' he should either have cut his former political friends altigether, or at least have never been seen at their houses. His own house might have been thrown open to all, so that by his godly manners and meek deportment, he might preach the Gospel out of season as well as in season. But to. have visited the leading politicians of the Co lony, chiefly or solely since he became the head of our Church here, was in our opinion a most unhappy and imprudent step. MIIANY persons may think our strictures on 1ilr. Howe's article too severe. Let it be remembered, there are only two ways to uphold patriotism. 'To praise the noble actions- of patriots, and to elpose the faults of those public men, wv'Lo by their acti, ns, shew a greater regard to ti.e welfare of the few, than to those of the many. SINCE the above article was written, a Genileman in Sydney has received the following letter " Sydney, June 24, 1828. Li SIR, " TuE arrangement of the pews in the Church of Stint James having been completed, and subhmitied to the Archdeacon for his approbation, I amu taicqiuaint you, that the large pew bearing the numibers 96 and 97, is vacant, and may be rented by you, from year to year, at £4 per annum, to be paid in advance. " I am, Sirr your mioet obedient servant, "JAMES NOR I ON, " Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court." ý" To t,* * * * TuE person thus addressed, is, we believe, no fa vourite with the Archdeacon. He wrote an answer to Mr. Norton saying, that the new pew proposed to bilm, was ineligible, and'that he was determined to keep his old dne. T'I'aClerk of St. James's Church, .under the direc tion of;the Minister of the Parish (the ltev; R. Hill) has hitherto, we believe, regulated the pews of the Church, and every body, we learn, has been well pleased with such management. The Emancipists once took it into their heads, they were excluded from a certain part of the Church. This idea, and the ill-feeling to the Churc:i it created, was allayed by Mr. Hill's judicious managemnent. It is the opiqion therefore of the Gentlc man above mentioned, that the Archdeacon has des cended from his hi h station, to take upon him the office of Church-warden or director of the pew-openers, on purpose to do tnhat, which MIr. Hill, we apprehend, would by no means have consented to do. The person whom the Ar'chdeacon wishes to oust of his pew, it ought to be remembered, with his ifamily, have beeni as constant attendants on divine service both morning and evening, as any persons in the parish. As the Archdeaucon has turned a sort of Church warden, he will presently we suppose turn chief grave digger and manager of tihe church- yard; and some pa rishmoner or other, who is obnoxious to him, may expect to receive a letter like the following from the Registrar. of the Archdeacon's C'ourt. VlWhat this Court or its Re gistrar has to do with either pews or graves, wecannot divine. The letter about tombs, would have to run thus To.- SIn, Tn new arrangement of the tombs and graves ib the grave-yard of St. James's, having been completed and submitted to the Archdeacon for'his approbation, I have to acquaint you, tthat T'omb No.- at the swampy end. of the yardt, is vacant, and may be occupied by the de ceased members of your family. 1 am, Sir, &c.; JAMES NORTON, Registrar of the Arcit?eacon's Court. Tans would scarcely be more harrassing to the feel ings of the parishioners, than the above attempt to turn them out of their pews. We did not expect at the time we were writing that portion of the above leading article, which goes to shew that our Archdeacon is not A mu? of peace, we should hbvhe -ad occasion' to add, so -strong a Ispeciumen of litigiousness in matters w*hich it isbeneath lhim to inter fere with at all. As the Archdeacon of this Colony is a Member of the Government, it behoves the Colonists, on the departure of Mr. Scott, to do all we can to procure a successor who shall be as unlike more popular. We therefore ini- ' tend as a caution and 'suggestion' to the good folks at home, both civil and ecclesiastical, who manage these matters, to print an extra quire of this number of our Journal, in order to be~enabled to furnish their Graces of Canterbury and York,.the Bishop of Calcutta, and the Bishops of England, with a copy each, by the next vessels that leave the Colony. As we are upon the subject of religion and churci affairs, and propose this number to ,be read by the Dignitaries of the Church at home, we will conclude our leading articles of this day, with a few suggestions to these enlightened men. For such they are for the. most part, although national Clergymen. WE would suggest to His Grace.the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London iii particular, the inexpediency of forcing the Hierarchy of the Church of England on a people who consist of all sects ; of which Churchmen form the lesser portion. The Church of England is in England'part and parccl. of the Constitution. It is the law of the land. It is liable to alteration, but a national Church is 'en essen tial part of the British Constitution. This is like many other remnants of the dark ages.. But as it is law and custom, it must be endured,' until the interests of those who suffer by a change, can be compromised with until their.consent be obtained to make that change. And improvements which go to grub up old tap-roots, require several hundred years to accomplish. BUT in a new Colony like this, we were never under ecclesiastal dominion, Neither the Pope of Rome, nor any other foreign potentate, had dominion here at any time. We are not all of the same opinion in religion as the English people were before the Reformation. We Colonists are divided into all sorts of Christians, of which the following perhaps is a pretty accurate scale of proportion. f Church of England Colonists-'20,000 j Kirk of Scotland and 14,000 Protestants j other Presbyterians J Wesleyans ......... ',000 I Independent- and 4,000 L other Dissenters J Deiste and people of l,500 " . no religion at all '. ' \--- 17,500 Catholics,.Irish and English .. ... ..... : ...25,0' 462)500 Now Why should the sect in the Colony. called Churchmen, (i e. persons attached to the Church of England) be' supported out of 'the funds of the Colony, either raised out of the land, or by taxation, in preference to.the other sects ? Why should 20,000 souls have so many thousands spent upon them, and the remainidg 42,500 nothing? 'Are 'not. thei 42,500'.equally the King's leige subjects ? On what principle, founded on the welfare of the commonwealth at' large, are the small1" number to. be supported with a clergy, by the -greater number, who dissent from their doctrines ? If this absurdity cannot be helped in England, is it'any reason why it should not be obviated here .in a King dom just settling?' Tas Wesleyan Clergy. of the Colony, are 'suppoited by contributions from the great Society at home, aided .by some contributions raised in the Coloniy amongst themselves. The people ople of the Kirk of scotland and other Presbyterians are greatly scattered. They have however two Ministers. One in Sydney, the other on the' Hawksbury. The first by order of HI M. Ministers re ceives a salary of £300 out of our Colonial'fu'nds. The latter is supported by his own congrgation. The Catholics have two Ministers. -One receives from Go-' vernment a salary af £100, and the dther is supported by his people. To ascertain what sort' of equity which the British. Government, through Lord, Bathbrst, has' practised in N. .8, Wales in' regard to the religidn of'the. Colony, we present the .following statement' to His Grace of Canterbury, and the Lord Bishop of Calactta \--The. 'following sums being annually spent "by the Government here, on,the different sects.' On the Catholics consisting of 25,000 souls, ae, a sum is expended by the Government anndally of 100 On the Presbyterians of the Kirk of Scot- 300 land and on otheir Presbyterians..... On all other sects, consistling of 13,000 sols.., nothing ' On Church of England. Colonists, consisting of 2o0, 00 souls (according'to "the last Revenue account published by 'General- Darling) .... -.... . £J9,S47 Or the' Vds of ~19,94', a' considerable portion is ex pended in the' support, of the Male and Female Orphan Schools and other public schools of. the colony. But this does 'not much lesson the hardI. ship to Catholics and Dissenters, because they cannot make use of these schools; inasmuch as the children are (For conflinru on of leader, see laJst: page. l;t'cohtrmn)a (Continued from page 145.) ~ompelled to be brought up in the tenets of the Church of England. And there is perhaps no principle to which a parent will adhere more pertinaciously, than to 'bring up his children in his own religion and the reli gion of his fathers. This feeling, so highly to be ex tolled and encouraged, since the contrary would evince the greatest degree of moral turpitude, is as common to -immoral as to religious parents. It is in fact a natural feeling, common to all men. and ought therefore to be respected by the Government. THE sum of £19,847 does not include, we believe, the salary of the. Archdeacon, which is three thousand a year. ' This salary is paid at home. . IT appears then that Lord Bathurst, in his wisdom, equity, and liberality,.awards to the spiritual instruction of 20,000 churchmen here, the pittance of nineteen thoa sand pounds a' year; while on the moral and religious improvement of 425,000 loyal British Catholics, equally his Majesty's liege subjeots, equally moral aiqd worthy as the others, equally as intellectual and as ingenious, and equally as useful to the Colony, is bestowed' the enormous sum of a htindred pounds a year! As for ourselves, we.think.we can s'ty we. speak dis interestedly on this subject of the Church. We believe, in our, own conscience, that. the 39 articles, of the Church of England are more.accordant with the Bible, than the treed of either the Presbyterians or Calvinistic or Wesleyan Methodists. And while we admit, that the social meetings of. the dissenters for devotion, act as a better nursery for piety than the Church, ihlich practises no discipline, still,, for more independent minds, who cannot brook the petty dictations of a sectarian disci pline, the Church of England. in its open, communion, its sublime service,..and its liberal and tolerant spirit, right a most pleasing retreat. So far we are for the Church of England. Though we confess an eloquent preacher and'a faithful affectionate Minister among any sect of the evangelical Christians, would always come niand our occasional attendance. WE consider that the endowment of the Church of.England in land, to be very bad policy, if we look far enough. We suspect its endowment with land, is con sidered a most clever trick by the projectors.. *]cause (say these kn.wing politicians,).. so long as the people of the Colony are not called upon to pay the sa laries of the Clergy by taxation, but the latter are sup ported out of their own lands, they cannot complain. But Archdeacon Scott,.by means of the late Surveyqr General, who .was. infinitely, too favourable to his archi diaconal zeal, has mortally offended the people-of New South Wales, by the haste and snatching sort of way in which he put his hand on everv acre-of good land round the settlements, left unoccupied on his return from Eng land. Many. respectable. emigrants found themselves greatly aggrieved thereby. One of them (Mr. Weller), although a man of. capital, and bringing with him an order from Lord Bathurst, was put off and delayed' so long by the latejSurveyor General, (who was at that time almost made crazy by the constant visits of Mr. Scott, at ten o'clock every morning to do justice to theChurch,) that after spending a little fortune in Sydney, le found. himself comnpelled to.return to England to seek for re dress at the hands of the Secretary of State, thus com passing the globe in search of a farm of a thousand acres, worth five shillings an acre. That is to say, worth less than his voyage and expenses. \VrHENpeople dislike a thing, it sets them a thinking. A newly-arrived emigrant wa3 one day complaining in our hearing to an old grazier, the father of half-a-dozen six- feet. high currency lads, that he could get no land -under an immense distance fromn Sydney, by reason of the Church reserves, as all the good land unlocated is now called. For the Church has. a rignt to pick its sevunth. And there, not being.a .seventh of the territory good land, of course the Chureh-pick takes it all. The old g~razier dryly replied---" Never mind,Mr. -- these " Church reserves, when .you and I are:dead and gone, " will furnish,our sons or grandsons with funds by. their "'' public Eale,.to wrest the country from.th domination " not only of the Church ,but also of the King of Eng. ' land.", So much for this ciunning policy4in setting apart the land of the colony for the niantenance of -the Clergy of a partieulat sect, whic ~ 'annot boast of contaiing~ with ip its pale half our population! iYe do not mention this anecdote, to promote di;saffection. But as loyal'men, who consider this Colony will never .thrive so.well as when sheldred by and dependent on England, we faithfully warn the British Government. We' therefore now, while yet a wiscr policy, may be adopted, forewarn them, that the Church lands here will operate as a premium fifty years hence.for rebellion..It is a good.thirig for Go-, vernments to promote religion but his Majesty's Minis ters are overdoing it in New. south WVales. Religion ceases to be religion, when t'oo much nursed by au-. thority. The two great arguments for national Churches urged by the Clergy of all countries are, the established Theo oracy of thd ancient Jews. and the duty of the King and ,the Government to do that on a national scale, rhi~lth everycr man is foundto doi individually, viz. to promote the hbonour of God to the utmost of his power. - TIE first is too far fetched to claim any 'attention from us at, tbia time. The second is more pliusible, becaube it, i~. true in. a. crtain way , and to a certain extent. -. .- . --- -L --_ Religion, in the abstract, is a: sentiment towards Gpd, with which another has not necessarily any thing to do. Hence the mostdevout,,are the most retired and private in their devotions; and this spirit is encouraged by Christ, as being the freest from ostentation and suspicion. JusTIcE and mercy are the essential effect of true re ligion ; but'by no means of religion as practised by men of different nations. For the history of religion has proved them to be of all men the most merciless. .Devotion, uness enlightened by justice and mercy, has always been found, cruel and assuming. BUT what man or set of men is empowered by God or by man to determine what is truth P Christ declared, that what he said was truth. "But a great many other persons have said the same. Let not therefore kings and rulers interfere in the affair; but let their subjects debate the matter in a friendly, peaceable manner, whe ther Christ. be true, or his adversaries.. To do justice and to love mercy cannot be wrong. Justice is a 'priuciflc- which.. heathens and christians, civilized men and savage, all agree upon. Questions may arise as to what is the most equitable way to e force justice. But the q .tion being once settledfl? rule, to obey the laws will be to act justly, even though those laws should not be so strictly in accordance with * a wide-extended equity,.ns they might be. Governments therefore should never attempt to de cide what is, truth in theology, any more than in chemis try or astronomy. All they have to do is, to promote science generally, and, foster ingenious men of all arts and sciences. They may justly tax the people to build edifices for the holding of scientific lectures, as. well those on theology as those on mathematics and the classics.. Nay, they may perhaps endow certain learned s.ocieties, but not one in preference to another. Law rence's physiology onght not to be paid for above another Professor's, nor an Arcnbishop's theology above that of Baxter, or Wesley. Gov.cernment is not to judge whether Lawrence and lBishop Portius or Mr.. Whitfield be, right or wrong in their respective sciencecs. All Go vernment shotild do, is, to build some warm comfortable Sspacious lecture- rooms, and then, throwing open the portals they should say to astronomers, mathematicians, chemists, catholics, protestants' and quakers; " There " Gentlemen, the nation Lhas built these elegant ballo " for your respective accomodation-walk in, and make " your own arrangements, and each of you make as c" many proselytes as you may.." . 41 "TeW a~~~tiLH~m~~;Y~~ 