THE' . HOBART-TOWN COURIER SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER, 13, 1828. TRADE AND SHIPPING. On Monday the ship Bengal Merchant, 501 tons, Capt. A. Duthie, sailed for Sydney and Batavia, with 20 tons turnips, 20 casks colonial beer from Mr. Dudgeon, 142 hogs flour, and 400 bushells wheat, Mr. Gellibrand, and two tons potatoes. Passengers Mrs. Duthie, Drs. Griffiths and Skeoch, Lieut. Frazer, 26th regt. Messrs. Johnson, Barbridge and Ness. The brig Mary, of Leith, Capt. Tuscan, sailed on Thursday also for Sydney, and the Sydney Packet, Capt. Taylor, with a small pallion* of their original cargoes reserved for that port. Passenger, Mr. Blakesley. Signals were hoisted yesterday for two vessels at the mouth of the river. In the Harbour-the Woodford, Phoenix, Wan- stead, Ephemina, and Prince Leopold. Launceston, Sep. 8.-On Thursday the Henry, and on Friday the Hetty sailed for Sydney. No arrivals this week. Remain in the harbour the schoo- ners Flamingo and Fly, and the cutter Caroline. The natives are becoming troublesome again. I have heard several reports, but they are two indis- tinct to be relied on. »» --. Should the subject of the Post Office come under the notice of the Council before its members again separate, we would strenuously recommend that the present post once a week to Launccstou and George town, should be improved and stiengthened rather than that two posts a week should be established. It is of much more consequence to the business of the colony generally that the present post should be made as complete, punctual, and expeditious as pos- sible, than that the inhabitants of Hobart town or Launceston should have the means of dispatching letters twice a week. For unless the whole journev were performed in a single day the two posts would have to cross each other , on the road, and a second letter would often be dispatched before an answer could be received to the first. But by con- firming and enlarging the present post, by increasing and extending the number of branch posts, so as to enable a letter and its answer to be sent and returned within the week, the business of, the colony would be effectually assisted, and the benefit that would arise from regular and expeditious communication between the different police stations, would be almost incal- culable. Our advice is, to send the mail across to Launceston in a one horse chaise, by regular and short relays of horses, as expeditiously as the roads will permit, to establish mounted branch posts to the various districts on each side of the main joad, and to as distants parts as will admit of their joining the re- turn post in time, and if none of our merchants are public spirited enough to do so, to establish a couple of packet boats between Launceston and Sydney. Nothing since the world began has contributed io much to improve the condition of mankind, as the free and expeditious communication of intelligence and events. POSTSCRIPT. ' We have just received two Acts of Council, which will appear in next Week's Gazette ; one is to re- gulate summary proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and the other for regulating Public Houses, and preventing the retail of liquors without License. The first gives full directions as to proceedings before Justices, and as to appeals, and prescribes a general form of Summary conviction ; the latter embodies all the provisions of both of the old Laws on that subject, with sundry improvements. By it, all existing Licenses are declared to be valid up to the 28th instant, and all prosecutions now existing for offences against the old Laws, may be proceeded with the same as if those Laws were perpetual. No liquors are to be sold in quantities under live gallons without a License as before. Unlicensed houses in which liquors are suspected to be retailed may be searched, and the liquors found be seized and sold, (and not as before destroyed) and the proceeds distributed. No Wages of any kind are to be paid by any person whatever, in or by liquor. The purchaser as well as the illicit retailer of liquors is subject to a penalty, but he may redeem himself by voluntarily becoming a witness. Publicans are restricted from sharing the profits with, or in any manner intrusting the management of their houses to unlicensed persons, whether servants or otherwise. Separate Tap-rooms, are under certain circumstances allowed. Certificates for Licenses are to be granted as usual on the 18th September, or on some day of adjournment from that day, and to continue in force from year to year. This act will be at Launceston on the 17th instant. Although the cough whieh is prevalent at Sydney very much rcseinbles the hooping cough, a« experi- enced in England, it is said to be a different di- sease. '? The heavy rain on Sunday last and during tira week has completely soaked the earth, «hieb lins not been thoroughly moistened fur these last t»o or three years. The greater part of the corn land is sown and a large proportion is three or four inches above ground and looks well. In some few low situati- ons, and where the settler has large breadth under cultivation, it is not yet all sown. The two pound loaf was raised by the bakers tint week from Gd. to 7d. Wheat continues at about 12i. a bushel. Of barley, oats, peas, hay, &o.; there are none in the market. Some fears are entertained of the safety of the Lucy Anne, which sailed three months ago for More- ton bay, and has not since been heard of. On Monday the 8th instant, an inquest was held at Lanhern, the farm of Capt. Cooling, by T. A. Lascelles, Esq. Coroner of the district, on view of the body of a male child which had been found dead, in the apartment occupied by Mary O'Donnel, a fe- male convict in the service of Capt. Cooling. The inquiry occupied the whole of the day. After a most minute examination of witnesses, the Coroner charg- ed the Jury, that if they were satisfied from the evi- dence that the child had been born living, and that its life might have been preserved by proper care and at- tention on the part of the mother, and if they were satisfied that she had concealed her pregnancy, and wilfully neglected to use the precaution which she had in her power, for the purpose of preserving the life of her offspring, they were bound to find that the child had been wilfully murdered. If on the other hand it appeared to them that the mother had been seized with premature and unexpected labour, and had it not in her power to obtain the assistance ne- cessary to save the child, that they must find accord- ingly. The jury having retired for a considerable time requested to communicate with the Coroner; this request having been complied with, after some further deliberation they returned a verdict-That the child had been wilfully murdered by Mary O'Don- nell, its mother. Edward Culley, the reputed father, was held in custody by the constable on a charge of being acces- sary to the murder, but discharged after the verdict of the Coroner's jury. It would be highly improper in the present stage to say one word about the evidence, as anything said now might tend to influence the minds of another jury, who must decide on the fate of this wretched woman. She was taken into custody soon after the body was found, and the surgeon in attendance having cer- tified that she is not in a fit state to be removed, she remains in custody at Lanhern, where she received the most humane treatment from Mrs. Field and Capt. Cooling, who have provided her with every comfort which her condition requires. It is with much, regret we learn that a man named Clark, a free man in the employment of Mr. George Kemp, at the Lakes, was surprised by the natives whilst procuring timber for fencing, and was barba- rously murdered by them last week. An inquest was held on the body before T. Anstey, esq. the Coroner. The tribe of natives who murdered the unfortunate man Samuel Clarke, at the Lakes last week, consisted of what is generally known by the name of the Big river mob and another united. We rejoice to leam that our new Hobart town Mar- ket is on the eve of being- opened. The space, it is said, will be enclosed, and two markets will be held weekly. Mr. Lempriere, we hear, is to be the Clerk of the Market. The tea by the Ephemina, owing to the demand at Sydney,'keeps up its price. Hyson skin is sold at tight guineas per chest, and the other qualities in proportion, black tea af £>. We are sorry to see among the late importations, considerable quantities of English hams and other wildes which it would pay the settler well to raise on his /arm. These Im m s are sold at 18d. a pound. Though we cannot as yet make butter to coiupet« Milli the Algoa bay settlers, where the luxuriance of the grass, st one particular short season of the year, yields an exuberance of rich milk, producing butter in immense quantities & enabling them to sell it at 4d or Cd. a pound ; yet tile profitable feeding of pigs and outing of hams and bacon is within the reach of almost tverj industrious person in Van Diemen'« land. ' The late Government Ordor respecting the im- pounding of cattle and sheep found at. large on Crown lauds is gradually producing a most beneficial change in the island, and We hope soon to see the time when neilhir sluep nor cattlo will be found without a kceper.or in pioper enclosures. We think however the Government ought without further loss of lime to tuke into consideianon the propriety of setting apat t certain por lions of the settltd districts as commons, befóte the land is all nppot turned, especially near the road side. Besides affording a temporary house or pjuce of sojourning to the ^ioor .wail's sheep or co», such places are almost necessary to persons «hiving herds or flocks, or travelling in bullock oatt«, from one part of the island to another. The Members of the Legislative Council areas« senibled in,limn, and ba,vejat in consultation several days (luting Ide iretk. The Australian says, there are 16,000 inhabitants in Sydney, while the Monitor fixes the population at 11,000. Regret at the resignation of a public officer was never more generally felt nor expressed than on the occasion of the relinquishment by Mr. Humphrey of the very arduous and important duties of Chief Ma- gistrate, regret increased and rendered the more sensible owing to bad health being the cause. We sincerely hope that relief from the anxiety of public life, and the healing enjoyments which Humphrey- ville will supply, will soon produce a favourable change, and eventually restore his health and constitution. It has been rumoured that Mr. Hamilton would be appointed to this arduous situa- tion, but we believe that the state of that gentleman's health would not allow of his undertaking the perfor- mance of such arduous labour. We have heard that Mr. Mulgrave is likely to fill the important office. Both Mr. Lascelles and the unfortunate man who was so severely wounded with him in the pursuit of bushrangers are, we are happy to say, nearly recovered. Why is a-"m.in going to tell a story like the ivnmen in the factory f Because tiley ore going to spin long yarns. Why arc our merchant importers of London goods sorry they Imvo brou^lii such a lar,»c stock in.'- Be einige they baie put their foot tit it. Why arc the London nude fashionable coats im pori> d m trunk* apt to infect us with the fulling sick- ness ? Because when we put ibem on, we very often have a bad fit. Ihr English papers say,if Russia gets possession of Con* nntinoplr, the will become a maritime power, and war will be universal. But ive say pence ! be- tuna« the »hitit quirrel would be a disputo about iho set, and who can c^all tliaUi ground fur war ? The Duke of Clarence has resolved on another Aictic expedition. Why is Captain Parry like a sni.ill tooth comb? Because he is used as an instru- ment to in\ enlígate the pole. Why, is the Act of Council 7. Geo. IV. No. 2, like a ghost frightening the natives? Because it is a spirit act. We have had the pleasure to see all the three liumbeis of ilie Reverend Mr. Wilton's Quarterly Journal, published at Sydney, the review of which has been unavoidably interrupted. The continua- tion will appear, if possible, in our next. Some uiiscieauts, not content with stealing the parapet stone« from the bridge in Murray steed, afterwards tlm-w the bricks themselves into the li vu ht» and on Wednesday evening during the heavy mm, two of them, after attempting to rob Mr. M'Queen who wat passing, threw bim headlong into 'he water. We fear the darkness of the night would . prevent bun from identifying their persons. A correspondent asks how ii happens, that while fin over alertness is displayed by certain constables i» impounding certain donkeys, old boises and pigs, ' others are lett at liberty lo jostle passengers in the street, and innumerable dogs are left untouched or ititirrupted in their biting and yelping. We are no. prepated to answer tim interrogatory, and must re- quest the gentlemen of the stuff to aifoid the informa non. MARRIED.-At Launceston, by the Rev. Mr Norman, on the 5th lnst. Lieutenant Low,40th regt, to Elizabeth, second daughter of Edward Abbott, Esq. Civil Commandant. POLICE, HOBART TOWN. - Thomas Bimson and George Woolley were committed for further exami- nation, charged with bushranging and divers felonies. Sarah Vardon was convicted in the penalty of 24 dollars for harbouring Mary Wright, a runaway ; and Mark Hillas in the penalty of 20 dollars for a similar offence, in harbouring Sarah Jones. John James Moring was committed under a charge of fraudulently obtaining money from Mrs. Cook. John Maybock.a runaway prisoner from Sydney, was apprehended in the streets by constable Rhind. He had formerly suffered a sentence of seven years transportation in this country, and had returned to England, where he again became an offender, and was banished to Sydney for life. He had arrived there only two weeks when he found his way to Ho- bart town, where he no doubt supposed his certificate of freedom from his former sentence would guarantee his safety. Mary Pendle was committed for trial before the Court of Quarter Session, because she had misbehaved herself, and could not find any body to answer that she would conduct herself belter for the time to come. Miss Ann Hamilton had also forgotten herself, and was sentenced to hard labour in gaol for having ac- quired the character of an idle and disorderly person. John Robinson is committed for trial for theft. Richard Waters is charged with stealing a hat. Ann Jenders and Henry Wovall are believed to have stolen a silver watch. Mr. Hume continues to present periodically, peti- tions from Mr. R. Gourlay, to be examined before the House of Commons, as lo his plan for paying off tbe National Debf by means of the sale of Crown land in the colonies. < Such is the rage' for retrenchment, that the Com- mute of economy of the Bank of England has ordered that their lamps which bave two wicks shall burn only one light, and that the Directors shall be supplied with only half their usual quantity of luncheon. Lord Harley, eldest son of the Earl of Oxford, was drowned off Jersey in February last. The body was afterwards lound and conveyed to the vault of Brampton Bryan, in Herefordshire. The policy oi the King of France is daily becoming more liberal, ever since the appointment of M. Royer Collard to be President of the Chamber of Deputies ; but M. Collaid is like our Hunts aud Waitluuans a great fisher for popularity. The celebrated manuscript scientific charts by Major Rennel, exhibiting the currents of the sevetal oceans of the world, are now in course of publication, having been purchased of bim for that purpose by the Duke of Ciatence. ?, .-.;.-. The East India Company has determined to admit the Anglo-Asiatics or half- castes into its service. A stupendous undertaking iu imitation of the Thames tunnel is commeuued under the Vistula at Warsaw. The Court of Admiralty has determined that in the case of the seizure of a slave, as from the islands of the West Indies, the restitution shall be the' value and not the person of the slave. ? ' The new Theatre at Sydney is fitted op in the most superb style. A leader of the orchestra has bi cn engaged from Hobart-town. 'Several ladies who attended the last rehearsal were lest in amazement, The model of a most singular lusus natura has been presented by Captain Harper of the Ephemina to Dr. Scott our Colonial Surgeon. It is a young Chi- nese, now aged, about 16 or 17 years, with a dwarf twin as it were attached to his breast, complete in all parts but the head, which is probably concealed within the body, of the other. This appendage parti- cipates and sympathises in every move, gesture and passion of the other, and seems to open a wonderful; field for speculative philosophy to account for the hitherto unheard of fact of only one life and soul inhabiting, in all but the head, two complete corpo- real systems. Very large sums, amounting to some thousands sterling, have been offered by the English at Canton to this unfortunate creature, but in vain, to proceed with them to England, in order to obtain money by the exhibition of so wonderful a curi- osity. The Court martial on Captain Robison of the Ve- terans is still going on at Sydney. We have not learned the exact merits of the case, but the trial is understood to be very important, as deciding certain privileges claimed by the Veteran Corps, of the forming of which in New South Wales, Captain Ro- bison gave the first suggestion, 9 years ago. The Sydney paper» h«!d out -but discouraging accounts of the approaching harvest in vNew South Wales, and add, that if rain does not speedily fall, theie will not be half a crop. These paragraphs are, however, written by town tired editors, the journals there wanting that distinguish!!',"- feature of the Ho- bart town Courier, the periodical and authentic pic tu e of the interior supplied under the head of the Country Pos:. Captain Barker of the 39th is the new Comman- dant at Raffles bay, in the room of Captain Smyth, who has returned to Sydney owing to bad health. The Sydney Australian newspaper has been en- larged from 16 to 20 columns. The following is its present imprint, " George street, Sydni-j, edited and published by Attwell Edwin Hayes, primed by Samuel Kemp, fur G. and J. Paul, T. Bodcnhain, P. II. Rapscy, F. Mitchell, and C. E. Ryhol, severally and jointly." It seems by the act of council that the naines of the editors as well as of the printers of newspapers at Sydney mu>.t be inserted, a tax which our legislative council at Holmrt town has happily re- lieved us from, for we should have had infinite relue Unce to divulge the name of that sacred and myste- rious charaoter, thê~>dilor of The Hobart town Courier, whose name, title, and residence are as yet wholly unknown to all mankind but himself alone. We think the Australian much improved at a news- paper. Mr. Peel says the total revenue of all the British colonies does not exceed one million, and he thinks they ought to bear a greater part than they now do of the expense incurred for thair internal protection wc presume the colony of Van Dieiuen'a land always csoepted. i Captain Clements formerly of the Ardent is bring- ing out a caigo of Irish emigrants from Cork and Dublin in the Letitia 700 tons. 