REX v. E. S. Hall. SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT, MONDAY, SEP- TEMBER 29TH.— this morning , His Honour Judge Dowling took his seat, and the Attorney General presented an information ex offico. for libel, at the instance of the Venerable Thomas Hobbes Scott, Archdeacon of New South Wales, against Mr. Edward Smith Hall, Proprietor and editor of the Monitor Journal. The information being read, the Defendant pleaded Not Guilty. The libel was as follows. TO the Achdeacon was the subsequent Stamp-act ascribed. The Colonists believe to this day, that Gene- ral Darling would not have attempted such an attack on the freedom of this little Kingdom, but for Mr. Scott. The Stamp-act therefore, crowned the Archdeacon's un- popularity. He had been unpopular as Mr. Bigge's Secretary. The Stamp-act made him regarded as a greater enemy to the liberties of New South Wales than Mr. M'Arthur himself; and of the two, the latter is less unpopular than the Archdeacon. Mr. M'Arthur has awarded to him the plea of talent, perserverance, and consistency. In all these Mr. Scott is considered deficient." The Clerk of St. James's Church, under the direc- tion of the Minister of the Parish the Rev. R. Hill) , has hitherto, we believe, regulated the pews of the Church, and everybody, we learn, has been well pleased with such arrangement. The Emancipists once took it into their heads, they were excluded from a certain part of the Church. This idea, and the ill-feeling to the Church it created, was allayed by Mr. Hill's judi- cial management. It is the opinion therefore of the Gentleman above-mentioned, that the Archdeacon has descended from his high station, to take apon him the office of Church-warden or director of the pew-openers, on purpose to do that, which Mr. Hill, we apprehend, would by no means have consented to do.'' "As the Archdeacon has turned a sort of Church- warden, he will presently, we suppose, turn chief grave- digger and manager of the Church-yard; and some parishioner or other, who is obnoxious to him, may ex- pect to receive a letter like the following from the Re- gistrar of the Archdeacon's Court. What this Court has to do with either pews or graves, We cannot divine.'' "We did not expect at the time we were writing that, portion of the above leading article which goes to shew, that our Archdeacon is not A MAN of peace, we should have had occasion add so strong a specimen of litigi- ousness, in matters which is beneath him to interfere with us all. The Attorney General stated the case. " May it please your Honor,and Gentlemen of the Jury. The De- fendant Mr. Edward Smith Hall, stands charged in the information which you have just heard read, with Printing and publishing on the 5th of July last, a defa- matory libel on the Venerable Mr. Scott, in his several capacities of Archdeacon of this Colony, Commis- sary of the Bishop of this Diocese, and Member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales. The first count includes the whole of the passages in the newspaper which I shall prove to be libellous. There are other counts in the information, which contain por- tions of the matter laid as libel. It is a common re- mark, Gentlemen, that scandal flourishes most in small communities ; and I am afraid this remark applies to this Colony above: any other place in the world ; the privilege of public discussion, by means of the Press, has been greatly abused here., This Defendant, In his publication called the Monitor, has spared no party who has happened to be inimical to him. A number of libels have appeared, from time to time in his paper, of which the present is a sample. (The Court here interposed, reminding the Attorney General, that he ought to confine himself to the publi- cation before the Court.) The Attorney General. The present libel, then, is one of a most serious nature, for its tendency is, to upset the institutions and destroy the fabric of So- ciety, because the character and good reputation of the Clergy, is of vital importance to its well-being. Libcls of this sort are not allowed in England; how much more criminal then in a Colony of such a description as this, is it to destroy the character of the Clergy? . I shall content myself, Gentlemen, with giving you one definition of the law of libel. In Hawkin's Pleas of the Crown, it is stated, that " whatsoever exposes a party to public contempt and ridicule, is a libel. " The Defendant has alleged, in one of his former publications, that he is a pro- fessor of religion yet he vilifies the head of our Colonial Church! A gentleman of more amiable manners cannot exist than Mr. Scott. Not content with vilifying this gentleman in one portion of his publication, the Defendant has scattered his venom all over the same paper. Gentlemen, it may, be said of this libel, that it is not so ag- gravated and so gross in its matter as that which constitutes libels in general ; but its sober argumenta- tive and apparently rational style, must necessarily create more injury, than if the language were that of vulgar vituperation, for then it would carry with it its own antidote. With regard to the malignancy of the libel, it has a tendency to mislead, the minds of those who read it ; for many. persons will be apt to confound the arguments, and apply them to the whole of the Government. The interests of re- ligion require, that neither its ministers nor its ordi- nances should be brought into disesteem and contempt by the Press. As I have already said, the shape in which this libel appears, renders it matter of great aggravation; for the writer has not confined himself to a few malicious sentences, but has extended his unjusti- fiable comments to many columns. The subject which gave rise to this publication, was, it seems, a previons quarrel between the Archdeacon and the Defendant; and thus the former is stigmatised as not being " a man of peace," though a Clergyman. Was this, he would ask the Jury, a fair way of treating a Dignitary of the Church ? The Defendant also States that the Archdeacon is an enemy to the liberties of the Colony, and insinuates that he descended from his high station to become a director of pews, on pur- pose to anoy him. Was this, he would ask again, fair discussion ,thus openly to insult a Clergyman ! . Such sneers at any other officer might be treated with con- tempt, but a Clergyman could not in justice to him- self and his station, pass over it. A Clergyman aught not only to be essentially good, but he ought to have the appearance of being good, The laws ought to be made to protect the Clergy with greater nicety than others, who may be men of war rather than of peace with less impropriety." The learned Counsel then read the libel as contain- ed in the information. "The poison of this libel, it was true, might not destroy at the moment, but it was not the less deadly. It was a libel of an aggravated charac- ter, because of the rank of the party libelled, and the sacred office which he held as a Church Dig- nitary; a person who of all others is bound to stand high in the public esteem for morals and cha- racter, and who was therefore entitled to peculiar pro- tection at the hands of the law." The Attorney General then called and examined the following witnesses. Mr. Harrington proved in due form of law, the publication from which the libel was extracted. Lieutenant De la Condamine, Clerk to the Legisla- tive Council, proved, that the Venerable Mr. Scott was a Member of Council. Mr. Campbell sen, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Bunn, de- poded, that in their opinion the words charged as libellous, applied to Mr. Scott. Mr. Norton exhibited the Archdeacon's commission, appointing Mr. Scott Archdeacon and Commissary of the Bishop of this Diocese ; and deposed, that Mr. S. had held a Court in Sydney, in which he acted as Ordi- nary of the Colony. The Rev. Richard Hill examined. I am assistant Chaplain in the Colony , and Minister of the Church of St. James. I know that the Archdeacon (Mr. Scott). has acted as Ordinary in the Colony ever since his arrival, on the 7th of May 1825, and continues to act as such. There has been a considerable alteration lately in the arrangement of pews in St. James's. This alteration was made by the Archdeacon as Ordi- nary. New pews were made for the general accom modation of Parishioners. The alterations were ge- neral; large pews have also been subdivided into smaller ones. This was at my suggestion. This new appro- priation of pews, was made without favour or par- tiality by the Archdeacon. Cross-examined by the Defendant. I let a pew to Mr. Hall about the month of April or May, 1827. Mr. H. has been forcibly ejected from tlat pew against his consent— (Further evidence was elicited by the Defen- dant, but at the suggestion of the Judge, it was struck out of the record because the Defendant was informed by His Honour, that he would not be allowed to extract evidence which bore on an infor- mation for trespass, pending in another place.) The Attorney General here closed the case for the prosecution. The Defendant then rose and addressed the Court in a speech of nearly two hours in nearly the following terms. " May it please your Honor and Gentlemen of the Jury. In a trial for libel, perhaps a citizen like myself, comes before a Jury composed of Gen- tlemen of the Army like yourselves, under conside- rable disadvantage. Gentlemen of the Army con- sider it their first duty, and a point of strict ho- nour, as they ought to do, never to question the recti- tude or expediency of the commands they receive from their commanding officers. It is essential to the military service, that unreserved obedience should be considered the cardinal virtue of the soldier ; for military obedience, like all other virtues, has its foundation in utility. All virtue and all goodness are so, because they are useful. The principal of justice itself is to be regarded, only as it is essential to the well-being of society. Hence the soldier is bound to obey his orders implicitly, with out presuming to enquire into their reasonableness, or argue upon their correctness. To Gentlemen brought up in such deferential habits, many things written in history and newspapers of men of rank, appear to them harsh ; which writings nevertheless, at the time of their being written, conferred the greatest benefits on mankind. I make this remark abstractedly, and merely with refer- ence to the prejudicies of habit and education which persons cannot help. For, apart from such con- siderations, the verdicts of the Juries of this country have shown, that Citizens are safe in the hands of military gentlemen here ; and that a Defendant may rest at ease when he submits to the judgment of a Jury composed as the present one is; because as men of education and intellect, you Gentlemen, having the instructions of the Judge, have always been able to shake off the prejudices I have alludeded to, and have become citizens in the Jury-box. The history of the jurisprudence of this Colony proves, that under the instruction of the Judge, and the teachings of the law, you have been enabled at all times to give verdicts satisfactory to the community at large. In no other country in the world, have the verdicts been more consistent, than those of the Supreme Criminal Court of New South Wales. Therefore if we are to judge from experience and not from theory, I must feel a perfect confidence in having you for my judges this day. I therefore respectfully solicit of you Gentlemen, to throw off the military character, and to consider your selves as Settlers of New South Wales. Although you may not have Estates in this country now, you may(?) become citizens hereafter. It is not impossible when you have become citizens, you may stand before a court as I do this day, for saying that, which the authorities premise to be against the public peace. Therefore Gentleman, let me entreat you will consider yourselves citizens.—The time the Attorney General has chosen for bringing on this Criminal Information, I consider rather invidious. An Information against me at the suit of the King, was brought on last week in the Supreme Civil Court, to try the merits of a certain question which is immediately connected with the publication of the alleged libel, now before you. Had the Attorney General waited only a few days, that decision, which I feel confident will be in my favour, would have cast a very different shade upon this prosecution, than I can attach to it at present. You heard just now from the lips of his Hon. the Judge, that I am not at liberty to enter into evidence respecting the contention between me and the Prose- cutor, respecting a pew in St. James's Church; from which I was about two months ago rudely ejected—by force, although I paid rent for it. Gentlemen, should it appear by the decision of the Civil Court, that I have been illegally ejected from my pew, shall I not then have stood before you, as an injured man? wounded in a tender pert ? But the Attorney General, by bringing on the prosecution to day, while the learned Judges are deliberating as it were on their judgement, has diverted me of the advantage I should otherwise have obtained by that decision, which I feel the utmost confidence will be in my favour. At present this Court is not in possession of the facts which gave rise to the publication of the article in question; and I am precluded from proving them. In treating on the article put before you, charged to be libellous, Gentlemen, the Attorney General has been more than usually ingenious and elaborate in his comments. One would be led to suppose, from his speech, that there is and ought to be no such thing as a free press! The Attorney General has overlooked every principle of the Constitution! According to his rea- soning, the acts of public men are not only not to be reprobated, however corrupt and oppressive, but not to be commented upon at all in the way of correction and condemnation, however mild the language in which such condemnation may be conveyed! And to give his ingenious sophistry the more weight, he has quoted from the law books such passages, as appear to condemn the free discussion of public measures. I shall therefore quote in my turn, in order truly to inform you, how far, under the British Constitution and English law, a public writer is at liberty to treat the actions and conduct of pub- lic men. Gentlemen, I hold in my hand an authority of acknowledged eminence—it is Starkie on libel, in which I find in ch. 33, p. 509, the following passage. " The intrinsic essence of a libel, consists in its tendency to do mischief: the question therefore, as far as concerns its libellous quality is, whether from its terms, it is calculated to alienate the mind of the person who reads it, from the govern- ment under which he lives, and to inflame him to acts of violence and sedition ? or merely to instil those wholesome and salutary principles, which may be applied to the public advantage; and soberly and rationally to point out those partial defects, under some of which the most perfect system of government must labour; not for the purpose of exciting unthinking men to seek a violent remedy, in attempting which, the political constitution may perish altogether; but for the more wise and be- nevolent design, of pointing out to those who have political power, how it may best be exerted for the benefit of the state." The Archdeacon I have heard say, is in his private cha- racter, most amiable. Be it so. With the private charac- ter of Mr. Scott I had and have nothing to do. That is not affected by the writing in question. I will appeal to you, Gentlemen, if you are readers of our public journals, whether you ever saw any thing in the Monitor to hurt private character ? But, if it be argued that I have written with great freedom(?), and descanted with force on public measures, and argued in plain lan- guage the impropriety of them, then indeed I am can- did enough to confess, I have done so; because as a public writer, I have considered myself privileged to do so. The object of my writings, as a public and impartial chronicler of the times, has been uniformly directed to one object, namely to exposing the policy or impolicy, the defects or the advantages, of all our public measures. To be a consistent writer, it be- hoves me to canvass every measure wherein the pub- lic are interested, and to handle all subjects with the utmost freedom, abating malice. The ques- tion however this day is, whether in commenting on the public conduct of the Archdeacon of this Colony, on the 5th July last, I went beyond my privilege, and cast unmerited, and illegal contumely on him, as a public man. Gentlemen, I have never entered the par- lour, or the closets of individuals, nor intruded on men's domestic affairs, in any of my writings. I say, gentle men, there is no Journal in the world more free from attacks upon private life, than the one I conduct ! It is only public acts and public measures, which come under the lash of my pen ! I can confidently appeal to this auditory and the public at large, for the truth cf this. The Attorney General has admitted, that the context i. e. the leading article from which he has extracted what he calls a libel, is rationally and soberly written—so much so indeed, as that he was compelled himself to ac- knowledge its correctness and its truth. Gentlemen, this is the greatest compliment the Attorney General could have paid me. It shews the legitimacy of the writing in question. Out of six columns in my News paper, he has selected a few lines only, on which to found this prosecution. Gentlemen, I will ask you in conclusion, is there any thing in this ar- ticle to induce a man (to use the words of the Au- thor just quoted) "to seek violent means, of re- dress ?" I now quote from the same intelligent Author, page 523, in a trial of Mr. James Perry, the respected Editor of the Morning Chronicle, now deceased. The Attorney General of England in his opening speech, said. " On the trial of James Perry and another, on an information for a libel, the Attorney-general in his opening speech to the Jury, observed, " From the Bench you will hear laid down, from the most respectable authority, the law which you are to apply to these facts. The right of every man to represent what he may conceive to be an abuse or grievance in the government of the country, if his intention in go doing be honest, and the state- ment be made upon fair and open rounds, can ne- ver for a moment be questioned. I shall never think it my duty to prosecute any person for writing, printing, and publishing, fair and candid opinions on the system of the government and constitution of this country; nor for pointing out, what he may honestly conceive to be grievances; nor for proposing legal means of redress. When mea- sures are fairly canvasssd, and their defects, real or imaginary, pointed out with coolness and tem- per, it does not seem to have been considered, in modern times, that the line of duty has been transgressed, even though the discussion may lend to prove the authors of those measures to be ill qua- lified for their situations." Now I ask, would it not be madness in a writer to venture to discuss public measures, if the view which the Attorney General has this day taken of public dis- cussion were held to be the law of the land? Why Gentlemen, it would not only be rashness and pre- sumption, but very wicked in me to do so, who have so large a family depending on my labours. I could not venture to continue my Journal, if the opinion that have been expressed by the Attorney General this day, were law. But what is there on the face of this article called a libel, but good humour, good temper, mildness, and moderation ? In fact, the At- torney General has admitted as much in his ing speech. He certainly laboured a good deal to shew, that my moderation was artful, and my line of argument insidious ; " like to the operation of slow poison" &c.; But Gentlemen, I allege, that my argu- ments are open and candid, and not insidious, and that their mildness and moderation are as real and sincere, as the arguments themselves are true and con- vincing ! It is their correctness in fact, which has made them so odious ! Gentlemen—a salary and emoluments are not given to the Archdeacon for his own private benefit more than to other officers; but as a reward for his responsibility, his talents, his in- tegrity, and his zeal in the public service, all of which are expected by the nation to be the sure attendants on office. Hence, when by his public acts and public conduct, the Archdeacon, or any other officer of State, discovers a deficiency of such talents and ability and correct conduct in his official acts, I have a right to animadvert thereon; and which right the Attorney General has himself admitted, I have soberly and rationally: exercised in the long arti- cle he nevertheless condemns. Suck discussions " promote the public good, " as the books well say. If this information, instead of imputing malice to me, had averred, that the article was a libel on the private conduct of Mr. Scott, and that I had in- terfered with his private life and private character I would if it had been true, either have publicly apologised, or pleaded guilty. If I were to go(?) to Turkey or Bengal, or any other despotic State where the liberty of the Press did not exist, I should act the part of a lunatic to publish thoughts on the Government. But, Gentlemen, I hope I shall not be tried by you this day, upon the(?) practice which prevails in such kingdoms. If I were living at Constantinople, and there made remarks upon the conduct of the, Grand Seignor — no matter how correct, or true, or just the remarks might be, the same law would apply to me there, as ap- plies to disobedience in the field of battle. Any publications of such a sort would be deemed gross and insulting insubordination, and would instant- ly be punished with the same degree of severity as is(?) practised in martial law; namely, death. But in a free society, where discussion of public meaureures is privileged and supported by the law of the land; that man who sets himself up as a public writer, would be dishonest—would in fact be a traitor to society if he(?) were not to write on all public questions with frank- ness! This is expected of him. And indeed to(?) possess privileges, and to have rights conferred on us(?) by the laws, and by the providence of God, and not to avail ourselves thereof, is the highest degree of cowardly baseness. It is the true mark of a slave. I grant that a hearty zeal may and has led(?) some public writers to go beyond the bounds of de- cency and proper feeling; but I trust that my stout(?) antagonists will be candid enough to abmit, that so far(?) from travelling out of my path by sporting with the private and domestic feelings of the Colonists either(?) high or low, I have always steered clear of all pri-(?) vate calumny and petty intrigue. Gentlemen I will(?) now make a further quotation from the book I have(?) in my hand. Page 525, Mr. Starkie says:— " The test of intrinsic illegality must, in this(?) as in other cases, be decided by the answer to the question, has the communication a plain ten- dency to produce public mischief, by perverting the mind of the subject, and creating a general dissatisfaction towards government ? The ten- dency must be ascertained by a number of cir- cumstances capable of infinite variety ; it is evi- denced, by the wilful misrepresentation or exag- gerated account, of facts which do exist, or by the assertion of those which do not, mingled with inflammatory comments addressed to the pasions of men, and not to their reason, tending to seduce the minds of the multitude, and to irritate had in flame them. "It may be said, where is the line to be drawn ? be- cause discontent may be produced by a fair state- ment of facts,inasmnuch as it is very possible for an imbecile or corrupt man, to be employed in the administration of public affairs. To this it may be replied, that to render the author criminal, his publication must have proceeded from a malicious mind, bent, not upon making a fair communication for the purpose of exposing a bad measure, but for the sake of exciting tumult and disaffection. The Judge who presides at the trial, is bound by the law of the land, to deliver his opinion to the Jury, upon the quality and tendency of the publi- cation; and the defendant cannot be convicted unless the Jury be convinced of the unfairness, that is, of the malice of the representation." Gentlemen; if a person is to be brought before a Court for such comments on public men as appear in the information of this day, it it is a *****(?) to pretend there is a free press. Gentlemen(?) can you possibly judge from the sc*****(?) *****(?) you as libellous, that I have at heart the ******(?) *****(?) the State, the creating of disaffection and *****(?) *****(?) this territory? Could I possibly have written(?) with more temper and moderation, or have said(?) ****(?) of the public conduct of Mr. Scott in the pew affair which is a public act, than what I have said of him ? There is nothing in the article before the Court which goes to say, that Mr. Scott may not in private life be the most amiable man on earth ? Yet the being ac-(?) counted an amiable private character, does not elude him from being fairly and truly reckoned, very irrational in his politics, and very reprehensible(?) in his(?) Public conduct ? A man may be a pious citizen, an excellent husband, a kind father, a steady, consistent, generous friend but when we come to the discussion of public morals(?) a which require more intellect than what leads to the practice of the domestic charities, it is quite s dif- forent thing. Good men often save things respecting(?) public measures, which deserve denunciation at the hands of public writers ; and the excellence of their private character ought not to protect them from exposure by public writers, if they meddle with things they do not understand. Ecclesiastical history shews this. A man in his private life may be remarkable for virtue and every grace which adorns human life, and yet cruel and tyrannical as a Ruler. Persons have frequently said to me, " as a professor of religi- on, you ought to be a man of peace." Granted, I reply ; but being placed in a situation of life wherein I act as a public censor, it becomes my duty to ex- pose the evil tendencies of bad laws, and the miscon- duct of public men ; but while I do this, I yet trust my behaviour in private life will be found to con- sist with humility, forbearance, and a christian-like deportment in all respects, and that I act from con- science. In descanting on the actions of public men, they must suffer if they do wrong. The question with you, Gentlemen, is whether in attacking the public con- duct of Mr. Archdercon Scott, I have meddled with his private character, or traduced his public one maliciously. Tile author of the hook I hold in my hand, writes on this point in a masterly style of argument. I could not have written half so well in my own defence, as he has done for me. Page 530, he says thus :— " In all these cases it may be laid down as a general rule, that though the discussion of political measures is innocent in the abstract their discussion must not be made a cloak for an attack upon private character, which is of itself a substantive injury, independent of its political connexion. " It may be asked, how can members of the government be blamed, without injury to their feelings ? bad measures cart be derived but from one or both of two sources, knavery and folly? The plain and obvious answer seems to be, that so far as prejudice to private character or feel- ings results simply from the exposure of an ab- surd and inefficient measure, the author must be content to bear with it ; he has made himself in some sort publici juris, by undertaking to act in a public capacity; and, therefore, has no right to complain on account of any personal incon- venience which may accrue, from a fair comment upon his execution of that duty. He seems to stand in a situation similar to that of the author of a book, who, as far as he identifies himself with his work, is the fair object of criticism, how- ever disagreeable it may prove to his private feelings." It IS impossible Gentlemen to attack public men without hurting their feelings. If private feelings were only to be consulted, there would of course be an u'ter(?) end to editorial discussion. No newspapers could exist, nor yet books. A public officer must submit to criti- cism, as well as an author. It is a tax which he has to pay, and is a condition of his tenure of his office. It is for the public good that his public actions should be commented upon. When a man accepts of an office, therefore, it is expected of him that he submit with patience to public animadversion, so long as it is unmalicious ; and, knowing this, he is bound to act with magnanimity. He must put up with public reproof, and exercise patience. If he be an honest man, he will have the testimony of his own conscience to support him. Let him not be vindictive, but let him reason with himself thus ; " if this man had known the secret recesses of my heart, he would not have said this of me; yet the man intends I see, the public good. I will therefore put up with the affront. Let me exercise the highest of all virtues, forbearance, and a merciful forgiving temper. In(?) a lay- man this much would be required; how much more then is this disposition of mind required in a Clergy men ?" Gentlemen, look at the public prints, and see what a public writer has himself to put up with, at the hands of his contemporaries ? For my own part, conscious of my integrity, I am perfectly indifferent to such attacks. Experience has accustomed me to them My rule through life has, ever been, to live down scandal; and I have often regretted that in early life, I did not act with greater patience when suffering from calumny, than my nature permitted me. Gentlemen, I will now call your attention to a very high authority. Lord Ellenborough; a Judge of universally acknowledged great intellect; and, out of Politics, a very liberal Gentleman. In Politics indeed, he had such a dread in the times he lived, of revolution and French principles, that he scarcely ever sat on the Bench in a political case, but he discovered his bias; and became a new Judge, and ceased to be the liberal lawyer and the enlightened Statesman. " Lord Ellenborough. In that case, the defendant had falsely accused the plaintiff of publishing what he had never published; here, the supposed libel has only attacked those works aof ivhch Sir John Carr is the avowed author; and one writer, in exposing the follies and errors of another, may make use of ridicule, however poignant. Ridicule is often the fittest weapon that can be employed for such purpose. If the reputation or pecuniary interests of the person ridiculed suffer, it is damnum absque injuria. Where is the liberty of the press, if an action can be maintained on such principles ? Perhaps the plaintiff's Tour through Ireland is now unsaleable; but is he to be indemnified by receiving a com- pensation in damages from the person, who may have opened the eyes of the public to the bad taste and inanity of his compositions? Who would have bought the works of Sir Robert Filmer, after he he had been refuted by Mr. Locke ? And shall it be said, that be might have sustained an action for defamation against that great philosopher, who Was labouring to enlighten and ameliorate mankind ? We really must not cramp observations upon authors and their works; they should be liable to criticism, to exposure, and even to ridicule, if their compositions be ridiculous; otherwise, the first who writes a book on any subject, will obtain a monopoly of sen- timent and opinion respecting it. This would tend to the perpetuity of error. Reflection on personal character is another thing. Shew me an attack upon his character, unconnected with his authorship, and I shall be as ready as any judge who ever sat here to protect him; but I cannot hear of malice on account of turning his works into ridicule." The Counsel for the plaintiff still con- plaining of the unfairness of this publication, and particularly of the print affixed to it, the trial proceeded. "' The Attorney-general having addressed the jury on behalf of the defendants. " Lord Ellemborough said, every man who publishes a book, commits himself to the judg- ment of the public, and any one may comment upon his performance. If the commentator does not step aside from the work, or introduce fiction for the purpose of condemnation, he exercises a fair and legitimate right. In the present case, had the party writing the criticism followed the plaintiff into domestic life, for the purposes of slander, that would have been libellous; but no passage of this sort has been produced, and even the caricature does not affect the plaintiff, except as the author of the book which is ridicu- led. The works of this gentleman may, for aught I know, he very valuable; but whatever their merits, others have a right to pass their judgment upon them,—to censure them if they be censu- rable, and turn them into ridicule if they be ridiculous. The critic does a great service to the public, who writes down any vapid or useless publication, such as ought never to have ap- peared. He checks the dissemination of bad taste, and prevents people wasting both their time and their money upon trash.—I speak of fair and candid criticism; and this every one has a right to publish, although the author may suffer loss from it. Such a loss the law does not consider as an injury, because is it a loss which the party ought to sustain. It is, in short, the loss of fame and profits, to which he was never entitled. Nothing can be conceived more threatening to the liberty of the press, than the species of action before the court. We ought to resist an attempt against free and liberal criticism, at the threshold." Now Gentlemen, I have treated the Archdeacon pre- cisely as an Author. There is a very mild playful piece of raillery or ridicule in the letter about the tombs. But I have not made use of ridicule " of a poignant nature." In fact, it is the chief fault of my comment on Mr. Howe's false adulations and misre- presentations of the Archdeacon's character, that they were " too argumentative, too rational, too sober, and too convincing." Yet says Lord Ellenborough, (page 268) " that publication I shall never consider a " libel, which has for its object, not to injure the " reputation of any individual, but to correct mis- "representations of fact, to refute sophistical "reasoning, or to censure what is hostile to mo- rality." Gentlemen, false eulogiums of a pub- lic character, are hostile to public morality. And who have rationally and convincingly censured and exposed Mr. Howe's adulations of Mr. Scott, have rendered service to truth and the public. Mr. Scott's public acts, are his works. " He stands" (says Mr. Starkie) " in a situation similar to that of the Author of a book, who, as far as he identifies himself with his work, is the fair object of criticism, HOWEVER DISAGREEABLE IT MAY PROVE TO HIS PRI- VATE FEELINGS." Therefore Gentlemen, it is not because the Archdeacon may have been wounded in his private feelings, or that you would yourselves dis- like to be criticised in the same way, that you are to punish me? . The question is, has public good been done by my criticisms, or public mischief? Has error been set aside, and truth and fact rationally and soberly vindicated ? Gentlemen, if (to use the words of Mr. Starkie,) the measures of Archdeacon Scott, have been bad or impolitic, public policy requires that his errors should be expcsed. I have not impugned Mr. Scott's personal integrity ? If I had, the case before you would be very different to what it is. Therefore, to use the words of the same Au- thor, Mr. Scott must be content to bear with the pejudice to his character and feelings, which my fair exposure of his absurd conduct and inefficient mea- sures has created; he has by accepting his office, Smade himself publici juris, and therefore has no right to complain." GENTLEMEN, it seems then that as a public writer I am entitled to make use of ridicule, because a public man stands to the political writer, as an Author does to the literary Critic. I ask therefore, is the Archdeacon to be indemnified by my punish ments this day, because I pointed out to thepeople the impolicy and injustice of his public measures in the Church of St. James's ? I say, it is a trap to en- snare an honest man to write to his destruction, if the Jury do not this day protect me in having done what the books say I may lawfully do! I will now quote ano- ther passage, Gentlemen, in order to enable you to draw the line between lawful severity used towards a public man, and malice towards a private character; between lawful critisim pointed with just ridicule, and mere malicious traduction. Here Gentlemen is a list of cases of real libel. By listening to what is really libellous, on the one hand, and to that which the ablest Judges have held to be fair and legitimate discussion, on the other, you will be enabled to draw an impartial con- clusion on this case. " To write of a man that be is a corrupt judge ; of a member of Parliament that he is an enemy of the established Church; to write of a justice of peace that he is a debauched man, and not fit to be a justice of peace; of any person in a public office, that he is a cheat; to write of a Commissioner for examining witnesses, that he is a corrupt man; to write of " a Church,warden that he has cheated the parish; or if a bailiff or any servant who is to account for money received that he is a cozening knave, to the person who employs and confides in him; all these written imputations, from their tendency to produce a breach of the peace, and their manifest private in- jury, are the subjects of indictment, information, and action, at the suit of the individual." Publications, Gentlemen, which impute any of these gross charges to a public officer, must necessarily shew malice, and that man deserves punishment who so prostitutes his pen. Publications of such a stamp do not promote the public good: but discord and revenge; and the party calumnated(?) is justly to be protected by the punishment of the libeller. Gentlemen, I will proceed with my law authorities. In page 559 you will find the following passage. " Where the defendant can shew, that he had in view either the interests of society in general, or the benefit-of the individual, however mistaken his zeal may be, that vicious intention is wanting, the addition of which would constitute him a criminal. As far as the convenience and exigent. cies of society require, every person is justified in publishing the truth; the prohibition does not extend beyond communications, originating in malice and terminating in mischief." Now gentlemen, I think if you read the whole of the article whence the libel is extracted, you will ac- knowledge, that however much you may differ with me as to the mode of benefiting our society, yet you will confess that this was my intention throughout. To expose false adulation, and to place public actions before the public in their naked truth and correctness must be beneficial to society, because the develope- ment,of truth without malice, is essentially beneficial. My strictures neither "originated in malice nor termi- nated in mischief." Again page 628.- "No act is in itself a crime, as abstracted from the malicious intention of the actor; the establishment of the fact being nothing more than evidence of the crime, and not the crime itself, unless the Jury render it so, by refer- ring it voluntarily to the Court by special verdict." So my strictures on the public conduct and charac- ter of Mr. Scott, are not a crime in themselves, unless malice plainly appear in them. But the Attorney Ge- neral admits the sobriety and rationality of my line of argumentation, and that its great fault was, it was too convincing, or, as he mis-calls it, too plausible and subtile. Again page 626.- " Any communication made with a malicious intent is immoral. " When such a malicious act produces mischief to the individual, it become actionable. " When it produces mischief to the public, it becomes indictable." By parity of reason, no communication made with- out malice is immoral. And what mischief to our society has the article in question wrought ? That it is true, has been almost admitted ? That my man- ner of exhibiting my truth has been sober and rati- onal, argumentative and not vituperative, has also been admitted ? Having thus Gentlemen taken the liberty of preparing your minds, by furnishing you with a view of the law from the best authorities, in order to your due exercising a sound judgment, I will now proceed to read to you and to comment on, the libel itself. (We will first insert the whole of the leading article from which the alleged libel was extracted, distinguish- ing the libellouu passages, by printing them in Italic.); (From the Monitor of the 5th July, 1828.)—THE Sydney Gazette has been pleased, on the reported departure of the Venerable Archdeacon Scott from these shores, to pass a high eulogium on that gentleman. As we differ somewhat from the Editor on this subject, and as his panegyrics will go to refresh our memories on certain points of the public charac- ter of Mr. Scott, we will here quote them piece-meal, and make our remarks thereon seriatim. Gazette. "The Archdeacon, as industriously reported, aye, and even confirmed, is not going home on the Bod- dingtons, nor has Mr. Scott any intention of leaving the Colony as early as might be wished by those, who are as given to change as the wind is known to be variable. In the late Administration, we had the mis- fortune, though unconsciously, to impart offence to the Archdeacon, under the effects of which we have laboured, more or less ever since; what we have therefore now to urge respecting that Gentleman, will be taken by our Readers as wholly disinterested on our part, for we have no cause to serve even in speaking the truth on this occasion. Though, we are aware we are not on the same terms with the Venera- ble the Archdeacon as we were in 1825, previous to the transactions in which Doctor Douglass was mixed up; and whilst we disclaim all desire to attract the good graces of any one that may esteem us unworthy of such attention, nevertheless (&c.;"). We do not consider the worthy Editor quite so disinterested as the latter part of this quotation would have us believe. The Archdeacon, and the late Clerk of the Council are, be it remembered, still at enmity. The Editor in Sir Thomas Brisbane's time, was the thick-and-thin supporter of Dr. Douglass, and the opponent of the Archdeacon. Now, having turned the Doctor. up, he wishes very naturally, to make friends with the Church. Gazette. " WE cannot help stating our opinion, that it would be detrimental to the interests of the Country, and especially to the rising generation, if the Arch- deacon were now to withdraw himself from the Co- lony, No Church Dignitary that ever breathed could have been more zealously, faithfully, and ably em- ployed in advancing the morality and piety of a Country, than the present Archdeacon of New South Wales, since his acceptance of an Office, which is no less irksome and responsible, than it is useful and im- portant " How far three thousand a year is irksome to receive, we cannot form a judgement, never having had the good luck to receive so goodly an income. If it be irksome for Mr Scott to receive it, we can only say we think it a very extraordinary trait in his character. We never knew but one or two instances of the Cler- gy feeling it erksome to receive a good stipend. How- ever let this pass. The Editor of the Gazette, in alleging, that preaching to his fellow creatures, guiding the Church of Aus- tralia, and acting as public guardian of the youth of the Colony, with respect to their education, have been irksome, pays neither himself nor Mr. Scott any great compliment. The present distressing drought has existed a long time. When the Archdeacon, was at, Hobart Town, the Rev. Mr. Hill at St. James's used the church prayer for rain ; but presently, he omitted it. The Archdeacon returned shortly afterwards. He preached at St. James's. He never once alluded to the pre- sent drought. His sermon of fifteen or twenty min- utes was quite foreign to the present public distress Neither was the prayer for rain used in the service before sermon. ALL this, in a Colony which abounds with Deists, and where a belief in a particular providence is not half so well believed and understood, as a certain sectarian knowingness in the doctrine of justification by faith, and other abstruse doctrines of minor importance, appears to us a lamentable deficiency of ministerial discretion in Archdeacon Scott. But there is another part of the Archdeacon's con- duct, of a negative kind, Which we feel it our duty to mention. Judger Hale has left his opinion on re- cord, that the Sabbath is the foundation of Christian morals. And so says the Bible. Why then did the Archdeacon, and the Clergy, and the Church and School Corporation in particular, as the consverva- tors of public morals, neglect to petition the Gover- nor and Legislative Council to pass a law (the same as obtains in Scotland) to prevent in this Colony stage coaches running on a Sabbath day, as was suggested to them by us two years ago ? These vehicles are filled on a Sunday morning with persons who go to(?) spend the day at country inns, and on the Sabbaoh(?) evening they are filled with the same persons, most of them in a state of intoxication; We allow that many of the same persons would take their pastime in gigs and on horses, and in carts, on the Sabbath. Be it so. But the Government would have done its duty in the mean time. As well might the Government cease to prohibit the opening of shops on the Sabbath-day, be- cause many of our Sydney shop-keepers sell goods clandestinely, as that they should not do all they can, consistent with the just liberties of the people, to pre- serve the exterior sanctity of the Sabbath day. We want not government to go a jot further than the out- side of things. But the frame of religion, it is their positive and imperative duty to build up and keep in repair. The filling up must be done by the people. It is in vain for Government to go farther than exter- nal decency and public seemliness. To do more, would be to break in on civil and religious liberty, and to open a door to religious persecution and hypocrisy It is said, " stage-coaches run in England." . True. And gaming-houses And little hells and brothels are licensed in London. But What have we to, do with the vices, the follies, the bigotries, and the old, moral ulcers of England ? All her good laws we have a right to. They are ours by law., The constitution and law have made all her good institutions, OURS. They are our birthright; and if the Colonists do not enjoy them, it is owing to their ignorance, or their venality, or both. But the bad laws of England are not ours. The law and the constitution declare they are not. We have no right to them. For it is not fit that an infant Colony should be inoculated with the virus of England's moral wounds, which have disea- sed(?) her for ages. These are some of our reasons for not agreeing with the Editor of the official Journal, "that it would " be detrimental to the interests of the Colony, if the " Archdeacon were now to withdraw himself from the "Country." These are our reasons for not agreeing with him, that " no Church dignitary that ever " breathed could be more zealously faithfully and '"ably employed, in advancing the morality and piety " of the Colony, than the present Archdeacon of N. " S. Wales." (Gazette.) " Whether Mr. Scott be viewed as a plain and unaffected Minister of the Gospel; in preaching its evangelical truths,or whether he be looked upon as the highest Dignitary the Venerable Establishment in this Colony at present possesses, his virtues, his talents, and his usefulness, appear equally conspicuous, and shine with a brilliancy that reflect honor upon the sa- cerdotal office." We have not looked on Mr. Scott as a plain unaf- fected minister of the Gospel. He has been engaged in too many public quarrels, and his name, either as Prosecutor or Defendant, has been too often recor- ded in our Courts of Justice, to command our assent to this portion of the Editor's praises. A plain unaffected minister of the Gospel, is, above all things, a man of peace. There is nothing he will(?) not sacrifice to this. Even the interests and honour of the Church, are by such considered to be best pro- moted, when they are given up, if they cannot be up- held without public litigation and private ill-blood. It appeared to us inconsistent with the temper and character of. " a plain unaffected Minister of the Gospel" when Mr. Scott interfered in the manner he did, with Mr. Walker, late Minister of the Female Orphan School Parramatta. What too could be more inconsistent with the temper and character of "a plain unaffected Minister of the Gospel" than his ta- king such strong notice of the speeches of the free inhabitants of this Colony, when assembled according to law, to petition the Crown and both Houses of Parliament for an improvement in this Government? If the Church here, and its Ministers, were at that Meeting the subject of jocularity, on account of their goodly salaries, and the reports in circulation, that the proceeds of the Church Lands would be taken to themselves, seeing that as forming the Committee, much power was vested in them; why should not Mr. Scott, as a meek forbearing Minister of Jesus Christ, have passed all this by, as idle talk ? Instead of which, in the spirit of a man of the world, and in the spirit of a party man, who feels bound to resent all reflections and supposed insults upon the Cloth, Mr. Scott wrote to the Sheriff personally, and against him to higher Authority. The first brought the Archdeacon before the bar of public opinion as a po- litician; the latter finally terminated in the Sheriff's being compelled to resign, and in Mr. Scott being also inavited to resign. For, the Archdeacon must excuse us if we think, that his resignation nine months ago, was very opportunely sent in, by him. One evil leads to another. The character of a Mi- nister of the Gospel is so delicate, that like the cha- racter of a female, the first step out of the path of decorum can seldom be retraced. Quarrelling with Mr. Walker, the Rev. Mr. Therry, the Sheriff, and the public speakers of the Colony, induced the News papers to take sides with the latter against the Arch- deacon, whose conduct herein, coupled with his very great intimacy with those who are believed by all to be hostile to the liberties and best interests of the Cdlony, made him thereafter be considered as a leader of the same party. Mr. Scott as a dignified Clergy man, found the attacks of the Journals insupportable. Before however he became mixed up with politics, why did he not remember, that all politicians have to pay a heavy tax for their patriotism, by their being obiged to submit to be ever and anon shewn up by the adverse party ! To the Archdeacon was the subsequent Stamp-act ascribed. The Colonists believe to this day, that General Darling would not have at- tempted such an attack on the freedom of this littlekingdom, but for Mr. Scot. The Stamp act therefore, crowned the Archdeacon's unpo- pularity. He had been unpopular as Mr. Bigge's Secretary. The Stamp-act made him regarded as, a greater enemy to the liberties of New-South Wales than Mr. M'Arthur himself, And of the two, the latter is less unpopular than the archdeacon. Mr. M'Arthur has awarded to him the plea of talent, perseverance, and consistency. In all these Mr. Scott is con- sidered deficient." With respect to Mr. Scott being " the highest Dignitary the venerable establishment in this Colony at present possesses, " we beg to observe, that whether we consider the sacred cause of true bible piety, or the equally sacred cause of religious and civil liberty, we hope the office of the Archdeacon will, so long as the world lasts, continue to be the highest office of the branch of the Church of England with which the British Government has been pleased to burthen the people and the land of this Colony. We have the ex- press authority of Christ for believing, that while to secular authority is delegated the office of making se- cular laws and promoting public morals among the people, (such as, personal security, public peace, se- curity of property &c.;) to God's spirit only doth it be- long to make men pious. On the subject of religions sentiment and religious feeling and religious doctrine, no man nor set of men have or can have a right to dictate to others. Therefore no one sect has a right to be paid above another. The Church of England may be infallible, like the Church of Rome, for what we know. But it may also be fallible. There may be other churches for instance, whose doctrines are full as accordant with the Bible, if rightly interpreted. "Therefore common sense shews, that the Government of a country can have nothing to do with such things Devotion is a matter which belongs to God only. It is a sentiment between, a man and his Creator, which the Magistrate and the law have little to do with. To induce men to keep the peace, pay every one his due and defraud no man, the law ought to interfere ; but scarcely farther. The law has no right to tax one class of men to support other men's devotions, no more than it has a right to tax those other men to sup- bort those of the former. The education of the poor in art(?) of the reading and writing, may be done by the Government but the inculcation of particular doctrines should be left to parents, and to God, and his providence.. If the bible be not a lie—if it really be true, it cannot be overthrown If it be false, the best way to keep up the delusion is to arm it with secular power, and give the public money to a host of idle men to preach it to the people. Therefore if the Archdeacon be to be regarded and venerated by the colonists, merely because he holds a high ecclesiastical office, we say, such an office in Australia, is to us a matter of grief and vexation. We like not such images, and representations of Eu- rope's ancient ecclesiastical pomp and authority. America has no established religion. Yet her people are the most religious people on the face of the earth, and also the most moral. Gazette " Of the interests of this rising generation, the Archdeacon has ever been a steady advocate and pa- tron; and he has done more justice to their character and qualiflcations than any other Public Officer of whom we have ever had any knowledge." We do not say that Archdeacon Scott has been idle(?) since he came to the Colony. We however have no hesitation in saying, that considering his very large salary, he could not have done much less. The paro- chial schools in the interior of the, Colony, have cer- taily been considerably increased since Mr. Scott's arrival. Major Goulburn however did more in Sydney tn the School-way, than the Archdeacon has done. The principal free-education School of Sydney, com- menced by Major Goulburn, was more thriving in his time, than it is at this moment. As to any special "justice done to the character and qualifications of ''the rising generation" of this Colony, Mr. Scott did in his first(?) public address to the Clergy here, ex- press himself handsomely of the young people of New South Wales. In this however he was not original. He only trod in the steps of Governor Macquarie, Sir Thomas Brisbane, Mr. Marsden, and Major Goulburn. He(?) only echoed what these experienced men had tes-. tified to years before. But with all his love for the young people of this Colony, do they, either collectively or individually, feel the least regret at Mr, Scott's de- parture? We will venture to say, that the departure of the Archdeacon will not cause the youth of this Colony a single sigh! No public office, ever created less(?) interest among, the Currency of New South Wales, than Mr. Scott. Gazette "For liberality of sentiment, as regards religio- ous(?) toleration, it is questionable whether the Colony will ever(?) find Mr. Scott"s equal —his superior, in that res(?) pect will never be forthcoming. We should ask, whether this alone is not a trait in character of a Church Dignitary that is worthy of being recorded We are surprised the Editor, of the Government Journal should ascribe this quality, to the Archdeacon when it is believed, that through his interference, a most indefatigable and pious Christian minister in this Colony, (We mean the Catholic Clergyman the Rev. J. J. Therry) , was deprived of his salary and the post he held under Government; an office on the strength and credit of which, he left his Church in Ireland, and took upon him the cure of souls in New South Wales. The endowing Mr. Scott with a pecularly tolerant spirit, therefore, appears to us to be as para- sitical, as to have attributed to him the appellation. of " a plain unaffected Minister of the Gospel." Mr. Scott not only got involved in political quarrels, but he did not even contrive to live in harmony with such a man as Mr. Therry, a gentleman universally res- pected by Protestants (save a few bigots,) and greatly. beloved by his own people. A gentleman, who although warm when he thinks he is imposed upon, uses that warmth in acts of condescension, tenderness, and sympathy, to the poor and the mean of his flock. His character is to be known amongst them. By this true Bible standard ought Mr. Therry to be judged as a Minister of the Christian religion. We know, that with those religionists in the Colony who dissent(?) from us; Mr. Teerry's being a Catholic, is a crime. But if a Minister's walk and conversation be to be judged of by the love of his people, and of the poor- est of his people, Mr. Therry is behind no minister in New South Wales. Gazette."The report of the retirement of the Venera- ble the Archdeacon is void of foundation, and we have little doubt but our readers will rejoice with us for the news we have advanced that such a report is abso- lute fiction ; and as the leared Editor of the Australian would say, and in fact did say the other day ; we would also " advise our Readers to attach no impor- tance whatever to the stories of unfeeling and inter-. ested persons, or suppose that a thing is, because they wish it to be ! " The report of the retirement of the Archdeacon is not without foundation. We again assert Mr. Scott is going home, and he once determined to go home in the Boddingtons. He may however delay his depar- ture a few months. But Mr. Scott is going hone. This we pledge ourselves to. Here ends our criticism on the panegyric of the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. We will conclude by observing, that had Mr. Scott imitated Mr. Saxe Bannister in separating himself as much as possible from the society of persons who govern a party in this Colony, he might have earned, as that Gentleman did, the applause of all liberal and candid men, and retired from the Colony universally respected if not beloved. To command the love of the majority of a Community, is not in any man's power. But to com- mand their respect, is in the power of all men. Mr. Bannister's family we feel confident, led him to keep up connexions with politicians, which otherwise his very nice sense of honour would have induced him to suffer to languish. But the feelings and comfort of his family had that weight in a brother's affections, which they ought to have. Hence his situation be- came one of the greatest difficulty. The manner in which he emerged from those difficulties, untainted and unbeclouded, proved at once, the purity of his principles, and the wisdom and amiability of his dis- position. IT was no fault in Archdeacon Scott that he had been bred among politians and merchants, and had been a man of business and of the world. It might, and we think indeed it was, indecent in those who or- dained him for this Colony, to send us for our Bishop, a Gentlemen who had been a merchant; and who as Mr. Bigge's Secretary, was necessarily, or at least unavoidably, a Colonial politician. But when once Mr.Scott had brought his mind to swear ex animo, that he was moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him the sacred office of Archdeacon, that moment he should have bid adieu to politics of all kinds. That moment he should no longer have been seen personal- ly at a Bench of Magistrates, calling to his aid the chief men of a certain party. That moment he should either have cut his former political friends altogether, or at least have never been seen at their houses. His own house might have been thrown open to all, so that by his godly manners and meek deportment, he might preach the Gospel out of season as well as in season. But to have visited the leading politicians of the Colony, chiefly or solely since he became the head of our Church here, was in our opinion a most unhap- py and imprudent step. Many persons may think our strictures on Mr. Howe's article too severe. Let it be remembered there are only two ways to uphold patriotism. To praise the noble actions of patriots, and to expose the faults of those public men, who by their actions, shew a greater regard to the welfare of the few, than to those of the many. Since the above article was written, a Gentleman in Sydney has received the following letter— " Sydney, June 24, 1828. " Sir, "The arrangement of the pews in the Church of Saint James having been completed, and submitted to the Archdeacon or his approbation, I am to acquaint you, that the large pew bearing the numbers 96 and 97 is vacant, and may be rented by you, from year to year at 4/. per annum to be paid in advance. "I am Sir, your most obedient servant." "JAMES NORTON," " Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court." " To * * * * * The person thus addressed is, we believe, no fa- vourite with the Archdeacon. He wrote an answer to Mr. Norton saying, that the new pew proposed to him was ineligible, and that he was determined to keep his old one. The Clerk of St. James's Church, under the direction of the Minister of the Parish (the Rev. R. Hill) has hitherto, we learn, regulated the pews of the Church, and every body, we believe, has been well pleased with such manage- ment. The Emancipists once took it into their heads, they were excluded from a certain part of the Church. This idea, and the ill-feeling to the Church it created, was allayed by Mr. Hill's judicious managment, It is the opinion therefore of the Gentleman above mentioned, that the Archdeacon has descended from his high station, to take upon him the office of Church-warden or director of the pew-openers, on purpose to do that, which Mr. Hill, we ap- prehend, would by no means have consented to do. The letter about tombs, would have run thus-- To — Sir, The new arrangement of the tombs and graves in the grave-yard of St. Janes's, having been completed and submitted to the Archdeacon for his approbation, I have to acquaint you, that Tomb No.- - at the swampy end of the yard, is vacant, and may be occupied by the deceased members of your family. I am, Sir, &c.; JAMES NORTON. Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court. This would scarcely be more harrassing to the feel- ings of the parishioners, than the above attempt to turn them out of their pews. As the Archdeacon has turned a sort of Churchwarden, he will presently we suppose turn chief grave-digger and manager of the church-yard ; and some parishioner or other, who is obnoxious to him, may expect to receive a letter like the following from the Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court. What this Court or the Registrar has to do with either pews or graves, we cannot divine. We did not expect at the time we were writing that portion of the above leading article which goes to shew that our Archdeacon is not A MAN of peace, we should have had occasion to add so strong a specimen of litigiousness, in matters which it is beneath him to interfere with at all. As the Archdeacon of this Colony is a member of the Government, it behoves the Colonists, on the de- parture of Mr. Scott, to do all they can to procure a successor who shall be unlike more popular. We therefore intend, as a caution and suggestion to the good folks at home, both civil and ecclesiastical, who manage these matters, to print an extra quire of this number of our Journal, in order to be enabled to fur- nish their Graces of Canterbury and York, the Bis- hop of Calcutta, and the Bishops of England, with a copy each, by the next vessels that leave the Colony." (End of the article which contained the alleged libel.) Gentlemen, (continued the Defendant in addressing the Jury) I will now read to you the first passage of the alleged libel. " To the Archdeacon was the subsequent Stamp-act ascribed. The Colonists believe to this day, that Ge- neral Darling would not have attempted such an attach on the freedom of this little kingdom, but for Mr. Scott. The Stamp-act therefore, crowned the Arch- deacon's, unpopularity. He had been unpopular as Mr. Bigge's Secretary. The Stamp-act made him regarded as a greater enemy to the liberties of New South Wales than Mr. M'Arthur himself; and of the two, the lat- ter is less unpopular than the Archdeacon. Mr. M'Ar- ther has awarded to him the plea of talents, perseve- rance, and consistency. In all these, Mr. Scott is considered deficient." Why my attributing the Stamp-act to the Arch- deacon, he being a member of the Council that framed it, is inserted in the Information, I cannot conceive. Was it a good act or a bad one ? I think it was a bad one; but Mr. Scott and his brother members thought it was a good one, or they would not have passed it. Hence then, l have attributed to him, the crime of passing a good law ! As to saying a man is unpopular, what is that in itself? A man may be un- popular from his extraordinary virtues ? If I had said he had been unpopular on account of his vices, then it would have been malice. But I state the reasons why he was unpopular(?), by referring to certain of his public acts. Mr. Scott contends doubtless that all those acts were good and wise and politic. Be it so. Then I have libelled the people of N. South Wales, not Mr. Scott ; for I have merely said, that he was unpopular because of certain acts; which he contends are good. The best and wisest men of whom history speaks, were generally unpopular. Their virtues shone too brightly, and so created the hatred of the vicious, and the envy of all. Very superior men, have generally lived if not died, a sort of martyrs to public prejudice, vice, and tyranny; to tyranny in Rulers, to vice in the luxurious and gay, and to prejudice among the multitude. I have said that Mr. M'Arthur was more popular than Mr. Scott — well what then ? Is this a reflection or an eulogium on Mr. Scott? I have said that Mr. M'Ar- thur has a character for being more talented, perse- vering, and consistent in his public conduct, than Mr. Scott—well, what then ? I have not attributed vice to Mr. Scott, nor want of integrity? The next libellous paragraph runs thus. The Clerk of St. James's Church, under the direc- tion of the Minister of the Parish (the Rev. R. Hill) has hitherto, we believe, regulated the pews of the Church, and every body, we learn, has been well pleased with such management. The Emancipists once took it into their heads, that they were excluded from a certain partof the Church. This idea, and the ill-feeling to the Church it created, was allayed by Mr. Hill's judicious management. It is the opinion therefore of the Gentle- man above mentioned, that the Archdeacon has descend ed from his high station, to take upon him the office of Church-warden or director of the pew-openers, on purpose to do that, which Mr. Hill, we apprehend , would by no means have consented to do." Gentlemen, I here state, that a certain Parishioner of S. James's was of opinion, the Archdeacon had descended from his high station in taking the pews out of Mr. Hill's direction. Gentlemen, I really thought so, and for two reasons. First, the ma- naging of pews, I considered beneath an Archdeacon, not knowing as I am now led to understand, that he was our Ordinary as well as Archdeacon. I looked upon the Archdeacon of this Colony, to be our Bishop in point if authority, rank, and dignity, and could not divine how he could consistently appropriate, and ***(?) personally give directions to the carpenter, to alter my pew in partiular. Surely, the making a mistake in a point of etiquette and ecclesiastical rank, is not to be con- sidered so libellous, as to call for an ex-officio prosecu- tion ? I further allege, that Mr. Hill in my opinion would not have done something, which the Archdeacon did do. This is only my opinion. But if the action done by the Archdeacon were a good action—if his conduct in appropriating pews were just and fair, and free from partiality and personal pique, all which Mr. Hill has sworn this day was the case, why then I have attribu- ted to him no harm. I indeed think, he has not ap- propriated the pews fairly. But that is only my opinion. I say, that I apprehend Mr. Hill would have appropriated them differently. But what of all this ? Really Gentlemen, if I as a public writer, can- not pass harmless remarks like these on the public, acts of public men, I will give up my Journal. I will cease to write. As the Archdeacon has turned a sort of Church- warden, he will(?) presently we suppose turn chief grave(?) digger and manager of the church- yard; and some parishioner or other, who is obnoxious to him, may ex- pect to receive a letter like the following from the REGIRTRAR OF THE ARCHDEACON'S COURT. What this Court or its Registrar has to do with either pews or graves, we cannot devine." Gentlemen, the Archdeacon in his public capacity is as an Author, and his acts are, in the eye of our law on libel, his written works. If rediculous, they ought to be shewn to be so. It is lawful to redicule them, according to Lord Ellenborough. But how playful and mild is my raillery Gentlemen . It is calculated to provoke a good-natured laugh, and that is all. I would have proved by the evidence of Mr. Bean, had I been allowed, that Mr. Scott not only appropriated the pews when altered or newly erected, but himself personally gave directions to the workmen in the alteration of my pew. This I consider beneath his dignity, either as Archdeacon or Ordinary. It is a fact on which I have made public comments, but inno- cent ones. I was aggrieved, greatly aggrieved by his conduct. Is allowance to be made for no one's feel- ings save those of Mr. Scott? Had this trial been deferred till after the decision of an information on the civil side of this Court, tried, but not yet decided, I might have appeared before you Gentlemen this day, as a deeply injured man. Besides which, it would have appeared that the Archdeacon has never had le- gal authority for his interfering with the pews of St. James's, it not being a parish Church. With regard Gentlemen, to the reference to the Church-yard and to graves, the union was suggested to my mind by a Proclamation of Sir Thomas Brisbane which I will now read. (Here the Defendant read a certain pro- clamation published by Sir Thomas Brisbane: dated the 17th Dec. 1823, which appoints certain Gentle- men in Sydney, to contract with the inhabitants ge- nerally, (not Parishioners exclusively) for the hiring of pews for life, (as appears any thing to the contrary,) for no power is given to dispossess or eject, only to let. With authority to charge and collect rents for the said pews yearly, (nothing is said of payment in advance) in order to the erecting and repairing of the same, about which specific directions are given. The letting is not mentioned as being yearly—the rent only is mentioned as being to be collected yearly.) Now, Gentlemen what could have been more na- tural than to couple pews and graves together, see- ing they were, so coupled by Sir Thomas Brisbane If we do not attend to a Government Proclama tion, what, I ask, are we to attend to ! Unfor- tunately, in this Colony we do not know for a cer- tainty, what is law and what is not. I believe our highest legal authorities are at times puzzled to know what are the bye-laws of the Country, in consequence of the alterations made in our Charter from time to time. How can it be expected then, in me, as a private individual, that I should know distinctly, whether St. James's Church be a Parish Church or a King's Church ? Mr. Arch- deacon Scott has exercised an extraordinary au- thority over me and my family, and whether he be an intruder himself in the Church, I know not. Gentlemen, I have a tomb in the vici- nity of Sydney ! [Here the Defendant paused for some moments.] Gentlemen, I should not like to have that tomb disturbed! [Another short':', pause] If, Gentlemen, the pews in the Church. are interfered with in the manner they have been, may I not expect that my family vault will be next molested? I could have made an appeal to the people on tlhis point, which would have been fe!t, to the remotest corner of the Colony! But no. I would not make use of such feelings—I put it in the least offensive style; I have even been jocu- lar on the subject of my family being(?) ejected from their pew, and compelled to stand in the public aisle, while two Police Officers stood over us during the whole of divine service. And yet, Gentlemen, what have I done for the sixteen years I have been in the Colony, to be subjected to such treatment ? [Here the Defendant made another pause.] I ought, I think, to have been one of the last Colonists whose feelings should have been harrowed up! I ask Mr. Hill, now present, who established the Benevolent Society of New South Wales? I see the Rev Mr. Horton I ask that Gentleman, who first estab- lished the congregation on the Rocks, delivering theological lectures there sixteen years ago? Who in the Colony has been a greater promoter of religion and morals than myself? Gentlemen, I have reared a large family in this land. I have made some honest and useful remarks in my newspaper, on Churches, pews and grave-yards; and I am now brought into Court as a common libeller, one who requires to be punished by an information ex officio I will now, Gentlemen, read the last few lines selected by the Attorney General as libellous. " We did not expect at the time we were wri- ting that portion of the above leading article which goes to shew, that our Archdeacon is not A MAN of peace, we should have had occasion to add so strong a specimen of litigiousness in matters which it is be- neath him to interfere with at all" You will observe, Gentlemen, I do not say here in plain terms, the Archdeacon is not a man of peace. I only say, that the facts and argu- menits previously used by me in the same paper; went to shew, that he was not a man of peace It is a severer remark to say, a Clergyman is not a man of peace, than it would be of you, Gentle men, who are, by profession, men of war. But Gentlemen, I could if I were allowed, call wit- nesses to prove, that the Archdeacon did descend from the high station of his office to interfere with my pew; and that under the plea of general accommodation, he ejected me, and me only, of all the Parishioners.— (Th e Court here interrupted the Defendant. As the Defendant would not be allowed to prove, what was before the Court in another form and place, he was not entitled to make remarks of the nature he was submitting to the Court. It was irrelevant to the case.) The Defendant resumed. Gentlemen, I do not intend occupying your attention longer. I can assure you, that I would not knowingly say any thing to bring me before this Court. It is har- rassing to a man's mind, and occupies a deal of his time, to be caught up for libel. I know no- thing better adapted to put down the Press, than filing these criminal informations against a public writer. Whether guilty or not guilty, it is almost equally oppressive to editors. Gentlemen, it is a sorry gratification for a writer to get of in these prosecutions. He has to pass many a sleepless night in preparing his defence, and in looking to possible consequences; Gentlemen, when you retire, you had better read the long article which contains the alleged libel, through- out. It is not reasonable to suppose, that the prosecutor would select a dozen or score lines out of this lengthy article, if he did not consider the rest justifiable. Mr. Howe pub- lished a newspaper, i, e. a book. I criticised this book. The Attorney General has admitted that it was lawful in me to do so, and that my criticism appears rational, argumentative, and convincing. All I have said goes to shew, that the Archdeacon is not a man of peace. This is a fact. This is what I have published. Is it not, I would ask, fair criticism on a public character,? The Attor- ney General admits by inference, that all I have written that is not in the information, is correct, and free from libel. If I have said that these arguments go to shew the Archdeacon is not a man of peace, how can I help the inference ? This how- ever is the tax which Lord Ellenborough says, every man holding a public office must pay, viz. to have his infirmities criticised fairly and without malice, as I insist I have done. All the authori- ties I have read to you, must go for nothing. if , you find me guilty this day. With these observa- tions Gentlemen,I conclude my case. The defence being closed, Mt. Justice Dowling proceeded to sum up in the terms following :— Gentlemen of the Jury—This is an information filed by his Majesty's Attorney-General against Mr. Edward Smith Hall, for printing and publishing a libel in a newspaper called The Monitor, of the 5th July 1828, of and concerning the Reverend Thomas Hobbes Scott,. Archdeacon of New South Wales. Geutlemen, a libel is defined by law to be the malicious publication, in writing or printing, of any matter defamatory of a person, and having a tenden- cy to expose him to public hatred, contempt, or ridi- cule. " Malice is implied by law, if the act be voluntary; and it is a rule, that a party shall be understood to mean to do that, which is the natural and obvious con- sequence of his act. There is this marked distinction however, between an action for a libel, and an indict- ment or an information for a libel. In one case, the party libelled seeks a compensation in pecuniary da- mages, for the injury which his character has sus- tained, and it is an incident to that mode of proceed- ing, that the alleged libeller many plead what is called a justification, and prove the truth of what he has published, and thereby shew, the party complaining has sustained no damage by the offensive publication. Herein, regard is had to the private injury only, which the party complaining may be supposed to have experienced. But in the other course of proceeding, namely by indictment or information, a totally differ- ent rule is applicable. The basis of this proceeding, is the actual or possible injury to the public peace. It evidently makes no difference in the mischief of a libel in this point of view; whether the matter alleged be true or false. A bad man is as likely, and indeed more so to avenge himself, than a good man. The truth or falsehood is totally immaterial in the mis- chief. The law, therefore, as a justification, puts the truth or falsehood of the libellous matter out of the question. The act itself is a positive crime, and therefore like theft, perjury, and many other offences affecting the public peace, admits but one simple plea, that of not guilty. This doctrine is so firmly settled, and so essentially necessary to the maintenance of the King's peace, and the good of society, that no court of justice has at any time allowed it to be drawn into debate or question. It is well observed by Lord Coke, and is indeed derived from the example of the Roman law, that in a settled state of government, the party aggrieved, ought to complain for every injury done to him, in the ordinary course of law, and not to revenge himself by the odious means of libelling or otherwise. Having made therefore these general remarks, the propriety of which, I think, can hardly be disputed; I beg your attention to the case now under consideration. This is an information for a libel upon the character of a gentleman filling the sacred office of a clergyman —a gentlenan sustaining the highest church dignity in this remote settlement. Gentlemen, whether the public or private character of a minister of religion, of whatever denomination is, be considered, I know of no sort of libel so reprehensible as that which tends to lower him in the estimation of mankind. As it affects his public voca- tion, it is highly injurious to society, by tending to bring scandal upon religion itself, and thereby to dis- solve the sacred bonds which bind man to man; but above all, as a parmount consideration, to weaken man's confidence in the divine attributes of his Maker. As it affects his private character, it assumes a different quality, though not less the subject of severe animad- version. All mankind view, with just indignation, any violence to the person of a minister of religion. His sacred office, his defenseless position in society, pro- tect him from brute violence and injury. In this point of view, his person is held even more sacred than that of helpless woman. Shall it then be said that his character is not as sacred as his person? Human nature, in the one case, may be overcome by a sense of personal violence or danger, compelling even the minister of peace to repel force in a case of extreme necessity ; but what as he against premediated insult, public scorn, derision, and contempt ? Is he to make the pulpit or the altar the place of his vidication ? or if not, is there any duty which he owes to himself as a private man, or to his sacred calling as a public minister, that will excuse him from seeking the pro- tection of that municipal law which is, the shield of all classes of society ? In this case a dignitary of the Church of England—the very Head of the Estab- lishment in this distant settlement—is compelled to come into a Court of Justice, to seek redress for the publication of a scandalous libel of and concerning him in his sacred office. Just however, as is his claim to the protection of the law, it behoves you as Jurors to bring your minds to the calm and temperate con- sideration of the case, and to exercise your honest judgment upon the matter charged to be libellous, without regard to the station of the prosecutor, on the one hand, or the defendant on the other. In this case Gentlemen, we are not called upon to determine any matter of private right. We are to look at this publication, and say whether it is or is not, libellous, and determine accordingly. Gentlemen, whatever advantages may have been derived; and are daily derived to Society, from the just liberties of the public press, I believe there is no well constituted mind can view with complacency, any use of the privilege of the Press, when carried to licentious- ness. It is the proper and constitutional province of Courts and Juries, to curb the licentiousness of this powerful organ of public communication and discussion. Circuitous and expensive as this mode of proceeding is, still every man who values the institutions of his native land, would deeply lament the necessity of resorting to a less constitutional mode of repression. A vigorous and impartial administration of the law in these cases, will, I persuade myself, have the effect of averting the consequences, reasonably to be expected, from an un- bridled abuse of that liberty, which, if kept within proper bounds, is of infinite benefit to mankind; but which if allowed to run riot, is a species of intolerable despotism that no state of Society can endure. It is no part of the liberty of the Press, to libel the constituted authori- ties of Government, to blacken the reputation and wound the spirits of private individuals, and pour forth columns of matter as offensive to good taste and good feeling, as opposed to the real welfare of this promising. settlement, An honest public spirited writer, is allowed, a sullicient latitude, without fear cf incurring the animadversion of the law. Candid and temperate, discusion upon public affairs, fall properly within the just bounds of a Free Press. It has been often said, and has been said this day, that the characters and conduct of public men are public property. Be it so; but let public men be- fairly and candidly dealt with ! Let them be shielded from the shafts of malice, and protected against the venom of personal vituperation ! The Editor of a public newspaper has fearful odds on his side, against the victim whom he may have singled out for cas- tigation. He usurps an authority that does not belong to him, and acquires an advantage over his neighbour. as foreign from impartial justice, as it is inimical to the public peace and the well-being of society. The mischief of a libel does not always consist in its grossness ;. on the contrary, when its bitterness is munfled in the garb of inuendo and latent allusion, the malicious purpose is more galling to the feelings of the wounded party. Gross and vulgar abuse, carries with it its own antidote. Not so where the venom is wrapped up in obscure suggestion and dropping hints, unperceived perhaps by the common readers but no less intelligible to him, at whom the poisonous shaft is levelled. Palpable slander does not effect its object ; it is too tangible; the libeller overleaps his mark. It is by the secret, though not less obvious wound, the slow corroding venom, that he consumes the character of his victim. Against libels of(?) this na- ture, the arm of justice should interpose. Carrying these general observations, with you (if they coincide with your own sense of propriety), I have now to request your attention to the matter which is charged by this information to be libellous . (The Learned Judge then directed the attention of the Jury to the different counts of the information, the libellous matter charged in each, and the inuendoes accompanying the alleged defamitory matter, and then proceeded.) The first question for you to determine, Gentlemen is, whether the defendant is the publisher of this paper ; and then secondly, whether the matter set fqrth in the information is libellous. Both these questions are proper for your determi-. nation. Formerly it was held, in many cases, that on, trials for libel, the facts of writing, printing, and publishing, truth of the innuendoes inserted in the proceedings, were the only matters to be sub- mitted to the consideration of the Jury; but the legality of such doctrine being questioned(?), and ably arraigned, the statute 32 Geo. Ill. c. 60, commonly called Mr. Fox's Act, was passed. That statute enacts, "that, on every such trial, the Jury sworn to try the issue, may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty upon the whole matter put in issue upon each indictment or information; and shall not be required or directed, by the Court or Judge before whom such indictment or in- formation shall be tried, to find the defendant or de- fendants guilty, merely on the proof of the publica- tion by such defendant or defendants of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the sense ascribed to the same in such indictment or information." There is in the same statute a provision, " that the Court or Judge, before whom such indictment or information shall be tried, shall, according to their or his discretion give their or his opinion and directions to the Jury, on the matter in issue between the King and the de- fendant or defendants. in like manner as in other criminal cases." Gentlemen, on the trials of informations or indict- ments for libel, it has generally been the habit of the Judges of England to deliver to the Jury, their opinion of the matter charged to be libellous. This however; is a matter of discretion, as I have allready pointed out. On this occasiorn, I shall, I think, best exercise the discretion thus vested in me, by abstaining from giveing you my opinion of this case, leaving the whole matter to be determined by your own honest and unbiassed judgments. Gentlemen, although there are only particular parts of the paper set forth in the information, it is com- petent for you to take into your consideration the whole of the publication from which parts have been selected, in order that you may do ample justice to the defendant, by ascertaining, if you can, whether the whole matter, taken together, may not be regarded as innocent. Allowing every fair latitude to the defendant, you will cousider first, whether the parts selected, are in themselves lilellous; and then secondly, whether they may not be mitigated by other parts taken as a whole. A hasty expression or intemperate paragraph, stan- dhig alone, ought not reasonably to bring a public writer within the scope of the law; and if you see from the whole tenor of the publication, that the mo- tives of the defendant were innocent; you will give him the benefit of that view of the case, by pronouncing him not guilty ; but if after an impartial and calm consideration of the whole matter, as connected with parts selected for prosecution. it appears to you, that the writer had a sedate and deliberate intention, of bringing the prosecutor into public scandal, hatred, contempt, or ridicule, then you will say, that the defen - dant is guilty. After nearly an hour's deliberation, the Jury re- turned into Court, with a verdict of Guilty against the defendant ; who immediately, entered into the necessary recognizances to appear, when called upon for judge ment. 