,r "r, T. ,1E M ,ONITOR. " " We NESDAY EVENING, A PRHIL 23, 1828. "Mr Mauritius correspondent, in reply.to queries, pro ceeds to state, ' With regard'to imports froni your Colony I may say, that wheat is in genera sure of a ready and ad-' vantageous sale. Also shingles, of fourteen inches lonig, four broad, and half an inch thick ,* fire bricks, coals, hams not above twenty pounds weight, cheese of the best khid,' corned beef of the first quality, rounds, briskets, and tongues. Your bhyFer is toodlear, 1 believe, to enable you to comnpete with il?e Cape. Good milch Cows and goats, and, good sheep for the table, ?ould suit ; we can raise none of these here,', "'lSwe have, and can,,furnish the above articles of export it iaimportant for. us 'to send them on trial,and to continue so t6do, inlieu of cash, so long as the prices given will re. wsunerate such iexports." (Preeident's Address.) Sita John Jamison need not be alarmed, we imagine, at! receiving many hams " above twenty! pouinds weight" from New South Wales. We have beeri in the Colony along time, but have never seen onB e":i.olt isI weight yet, though we think we have heard of two or three such from swine fattened on new milk. (Quere-. how much a pound did such pork .cost'?). The wniter, ihowevcr, very properly: hints, that our, butter is verily " toodear." Wewonderiit did not strike him- as estri'ge, that' we could raise ssqph 'terribly big hams, but no'- bit-= ter '" .'the land that will produce a ihtumiiinglarger ,f' ? will Inevitably fill the ohurnt. And: dVice versa ; -when tlhe churn is empty, the pigs will begin to look :.very thin.. Potatoes in this Colony are always dearer than and in ferior in quality to those in the villages of Eng lasid'and Ireland. And as for turnips, carrots, lucern, &c.; we sraiacely see sUick things in the-Colony at 'all. We $wll veuttrS toi, say, the Coloinists will eat all 'their hams, tongues, cheese, td ioutnds of beif themselves, aslonig as th iworld??asts. ,Ve 4mport such tbingseven. now, and r9T.glad ,to iudulgezutselves with; a -frizled slice of the fbrmerr :placed in the imidst of a very small portion of gieen peas, at the rate of half a crown a pound for; the W.. e'f now speak' of our men of rank-;' those, we imeaH,iwh live on the taxes. 'The taix-puaers' ae obli ged ,to sell their hains, to. enable them' to buy o?:. The Coionists generally, Cannothave ham Spd grog 0otJh. They therefore exchange the hams for a beverage. .,W iitblnk Sir John was judicious in poinriting out thc ,articlesaw hich, being ratisable in .the Colony, 'will sell;tit. Port rois for:a'remnunerating price. "The Orchard-This past year was more productive than could have been expected during such a scorching drought. \--The cherries, goseberries, and plums, have rather failed, as also the almonds in most situations ; the walnuts and ches- nuts-are numerous but small; The filberts and hazel nuts have failed. The mulberies were plentiful, but small, and of good flavour. The apricots were numerous, but smaller than in former years. 'Ihe nectarines were diminished in number and in size; the early and late peaches :abundant, and of good flavour.'The pears, apples, figs and quinces pleatiful, and of excellent quality; the olive is thriving in great luxurance in the Botainc and private garden, and has commenced bearing at an unusually early age. The Society garden. has been retarted in improvement by the severity of the drought. Several of our Members last year, however, received cuttings and buds from the surviving European fruit trees, and the parent stocks are now in a state of vigorous growth." We can, scarcely, forbear smiling at the remark about the cherries, gooseberries filberts and nuts, because, they are infinitely more difficult to raise, here:and con- sequently are scarcer, than peaches & grapes in England We never saw any. T'o raise them here, it would be neces sary to have a cold house, the same as you raise grapes melons, and pine-apples in England in a hot-house. The Barcelonia nut of Spain could grow here, we suppose. We wonder our Horticultural Sciety have not gone to a little expense to procure a few plants of this exquisite nut from old Spain. We think if Sir John had attended the Syd ney market regularly this season, he would not have, said, that our supply of either peaches, apples, or figs was. "plentiful." Of good fruit there never was a sup ply worthy of the name of " plentiful;" nor can be; because the old orchards are decaying, while no new ones are being planted. " THE vineyard appears to have suffered but little from the length of drought, either in its productiveness, or in the quality of the grapes. Our climate and soil seem peculiarly, calculated for the luxuriant growth of the vine, and when we consider that proper attention to this profitable branch of domestic economy might by this time, have supplied us with as much, and perhaps better wine, than we commonly import from the Cape of Good Hope, our neglect, in the cultivation of the vine, is seriously to be regretted as a public loss. " Mr Gregory Blaxland has the merit of being the first who cultivated the vine, to the extent of making a few casks of wine annually; and since his absence, his son, Mr. George Blaxland, has bestowed great attention to the vineyard, and I understand has made an encreased quantity of wine the last vintage. This has been my first attempt to make any expe- rimental use of the superabundance of my grapes, and I have succeeded in making a pipe of white wine, under the management of a native of Madeira, who seems very san-' guine in favour of its quality after it gets a little age. The individual alluded to, declares that he never saw, either in Medeira or Portugal, vines more abundantly loaded' With grapes; but adds, that their general quality being of the white water grape, is not calculated to make such a full bodied wine as the Madeira grape, but rather similar to some of the lighter French wines. At the same time he considers our rich alluvial soil, on the banks of the rivers, well calculated for the luxuriant production of the Madeira vine, which I an glad to find we have in forward growth in the Colony. He urges the indispensable necessity of deep trenching the grounds before the vine is planted, in order that the root may freely descend into cool and moist earth. He also states, that early produce may be obtained by budding or grafting a su- perior quality of vine upon stocks; and explains the ad- vintages resulting from the knowedlge of the varieties of vines suited to soils and situations peculiar to the richness and flavour of their produce. Under these promising auspices of future prosperity, our exertions should be directed to obtain the assistance of individualts skilled in the cultivation of the vine, and making of wine." WaW doubt exe?cedingly whether our soil .be at all adapted to the production,of the grape. The :climatei s?ve our hot winds, we should suppose is well enough, tloughfully hot. The vine of Italy ant Madeira grows' ;T decayed lava and other fossil sdils. 'Of such 'soi1s wve have scarcely any, if any, that can be distinctly called, Svolcanic. There are a few good generous sandy loarns, and patches of whinstone land, here and there, on which, with a South-eastern aspect, and deep trenching,. "s uppose prettygood vineyards might be construcied. UB it the general iron-stone stiff loans of thisColony, are particularly unadapted to the production of good grapes. ; 'e are surprised to learn, that Mr. G. .Blaxland found it profitable to use, up his grapes this year in wine, (unless it were for experiment's sake,) when they would h.ave fetched 9d. a pound in the Sydney market. An ac'e of grapes sod wholesale at 4d. a pound, would fe ch a very large .sum. By the bye. Sir John says hqi ' tnderstands so and so of Mr. Blaxland's Vineyard. Sis shews, we think, the unimportance, at present, -in' th President's eyes, of grapes andl wine, or he would' hurely hiave contrived to pdy a visit to'Mr. B. previously to the' anniversary. : I Madeira vine-dresser of course must not be dis ptted with by us. Otherwise, we are surprised to fincd 'h. should think the Madeira grape, which grows in the vcanic soii of 'Madeira, will maintain its peculiar q$ua lity in tile rich flooded lands of our Hawkesbury,,andi -NIpean.. That it" will grow, and produce fruit is L tfundancc, we are not disposed to question; but that' the fruit will maintainits peeuliar .lavour, we positive!ly, mn st beg leave to doubt. , It occurs to us, that as Mlr. Redfcrui imported the '1adeira grape, and also the Madeira vine-dresser:and bih family, it would have been a just compliment to that' Gntleman's enterpris., to have mentioned the fnct'in t le address. It was only Mr. Redfern's subsequeint ill h ahhb, which prevented hiis prosecuting his originil ii:I te tion as regarded a vineyard. S ORasEs.-ltii truly gratifying to witness the superiority ofgus nmerous colts and fillies; the produce of the several high-bred ch rses, imported fromi England within the last few years, codm p red 'with our fornicrbreed.; 'The annual show 'of horses cncou raed by 9ur Society, and the rewards given for sanperiority, coii-:: pl dwith the display at tile Turf Club Races, have given a lesira- . bl ambition to tihe proprietors of horses to excel each other in th care and crosses nccssary for improving tie size and quamlty ol tlihose noble aninmals, and bids fair to bring them to a degree 'of perfection,, that must soon make' them valuable articles of expoi , t thi E'st lndies,, where they will give character to .their native t-'fr its bleed, for the turf, the charger, or the carriage. S. Mr.R Iay qfiRa u and Mr.'Wooik of Bayly Park, r . ntly imported two additional English blood horses tof igfeci, Ir .cter anpdbreding..- : 1 A, we Maya i swzonoto besgateful.for such a valua b " a tt) 'cigColoiil. sti t'd" o' we htesstill griieater reas o' any impOrtations df ahiomalacalculated to'deterio-ate the ate eor , in any way tQ.n/idervaune or dircourage the isplrt for impo? ,i? o quality ,of ourjColiialhorses* ! .. 1 t-?, " Two 'r' three enterprising merchants inSydey;. bs a imported ,.numbpr ofponires grom Timor, and mares froni Val :rais ; the foriner are only suit.dd for ciletr'en, yet they ,require food and attendance, nearly as expensive as a serviceable htie and their unavoidable crosses with our Colonial breed, must bring alhout a dimipitive -race, in no point of view, desirable. -'As :to it `Valparaiso mares, they may be tough and hardy, but I cannot help thinking that the importers mnust have been as muchdeceived j" their quality, as the su'bscribers were disappointed at vieiiag their diminutive size, and unsightly points, od their first landing in Sd i nes. " Under this feeling I trust the! owners o. e bhese nares, wij, prove their PAIriOTIoM, in not allowing them to increase and aiul ply, or at least, only in breeding mules from the jack-ass, Do. Pedro, whilchitecompanies thein, until time shall have extinguished their race in the Colony." . . .W$ heard of the exporting of our-horses sixteen years ago, but 'we have exported none yet. And in our opi., nion we 'never shall. The same unhappy cause whibch prevents our hamns considerably exceeding.S 2 lbs. weight, will, we fear, prevent our exporting horses.- We have DIllported horses, however, instead, which, we opine re. veals 'the true secret. ? TaH very reason Sir John gives for not'wishing,. that, as race :of inferior horses should be propagated here, we' consider operates in favour of such a plan". itis atu'b -i?ioliticP tin to have cattle and sheep too good for the ;lqnd. In" Argyle,• and beyond, ,you may breed as, large cows and oxen as you please, because the grass there at, present is ad .lbitum. But. horses -cannot be" Iraised in this way: They must be'rezred on homesteadr lainds ;' on 'lands, which: being. once caten bare, the animals must'fi:ait till the grass, grows again;. Whichi .i I droughlty season tries the master's patience sadly. In ourtopinion,, it is very.well for a, few Turf Club Dan..: ':des,:' and jolly claret-drinking Sportsmen, to make a,? great. noise- about blood, and, do all they 'can to keep up ' tlie price of hore flesh, to reimbirse them for their sporting speulats.ns4,. But qupntityand cheaprges, notj, q iality.ann dearness, we conceive to be the'pyrudet object ft'r .that.Country where the cultivators and lurid are bolt''', pepor. The farmers of a pogr soil in an uncertaint cimate,. cn never vie .with the farmers of England, where one acre! will .fatten as much beef and mutton, as ten in Ne*i;. Suthli'VWales. In 'ur opinion, the horses of the Colonri!' ate. alrbady quitheg'ood etuigh for the land. And if itf eire rdot for the great use ,which is made: of working. oken, the excessive price0of horses would greatly injure. 'our Settlers. As it is, the Gentlemen of the Turf may enjoy theii ivagaries with sotme impunity. And in tlih mean time, as a counterbalance to their rhodomontade,we hPe lots of Don Pedro s, aRnd cheap draught horses & poa nies, will'continue to furnish our Sydney Merchants withr a good profit in' their shipping speculations'. The Abldill. lah~'s, the Scriatch's, and the Augtralian's, need not defi?, themselves with the South American importations, if they do not approve of 'such oonnexion. .,Let the.tlatte; b get:horses for poor Settlers, and let those who:chboosi~ import blood mares to supply our high-flyers with race and other fancy Tits, for their own use, as well as "for exportation." '! I caqnnot help observing, that the worthy .-!ightof,:g fegent Ville appears to us to be;too comfortablydixed in' ti at elegatit residence of his, on the 't"ink& ftW'°ie?ii: t give himself all the tro?lleirhich ,heieriheleis, yecooi..l ier ndisiensable to the just fume oftiPresidentpfoure. Agricultural Society., Sir John .appears. to us to think;:!. to'p .cheapljy of. :his annual address. T"he present'one is eIidently concocted with:too imnuel careles asn'ss, ndr tod gbeat aijr i tyif exertq. hei Kight speaks, too qUdi, y i r-skye whereas tenlemran of, independent for . tupe fike him, ;who has horses atcommand, should'not.>, con'ine his journeys to Sydney alone; but, about three 'inths before the Annivershry, he shiOuld get into his tr velling rarriage, and make a tour of. the wholq~o0. i Io y. If 'ie couild include.Patrick's Plains, iothirat, iL ke lGerge, nd illawara, in thatiour, .thlle more would;' ,re ond to hies fame asa patrioile agr1icult tdiit. P ,sident of our Agricultuiral Society,' ought be.li, A thur Youing of the Colony. At all events, the rtQ ' ,, ih ipd extend from the Uawkesbury to Appin, and to.a":,' ri e, acrgss one. of the three trans-montane BeitlementsI' of Hunter~s River; Barhurst, or Lake George; .and alm ,, in lude:a call.at the orchards and vineyards of' Paenini. H lla and the botaqicg ardens; the distilleies, brewe." ri, s, in'd tobacco, soap, and tundiing mannufactories, sbip; yards and custom houses of Sydney. If rhe :'tesident:' ,,of thev Agricultural and .Hortienliurril Society, . dW1. ,. thb see things with his own eyes and hear with hibe oWniU. e s,i andRl theo return hoe' abouIt ai: month before ib.u IA niveriary oftthe Society, ihe would be able :tqitC,. , ,a addres ,.worth public :ttention. ..... could not I then-be putt-o ri6hts in-portions- of -his stntement;- by- Sthe members present (as, lie was on the matter of flour prerservation' the last annivers:1ry.) On .1ifi retirn? from his tent sifter .sketchill outa' draft 'if his u(a Sdress, he :,should transmit copies to some of t'ae most-nt!elligent• and- experienced.. merchants and. gra ziers dot the Colony, such as CIr. Marsden, Mr. Jones, 1ir. Wolstonecraft, Mr. H. James, Mr. 11. M'Ai:thtir, Mr. Riley, Mr. Cox, Mr. O.ley, Mr. S. Hasse.l, Mir. Dight of Richmond, and other thinking experimental ingenious. men. The draft should be written on fool's ca,' carrying a very large margin, on whicl the above uentioned parties should be requested to make their rpmarks, and return the whole .in three or four days. .It prould be the. privilege of Sir John to adopt such and -so.many' of their suggestions as he thonght proper] And after' thus re-modelling his Address, he should then present it'tb the Society. It would still, possess all the advantages of novelty, besides .a much greater degree of correct information; while, at the same time, the Gentlemen, in question would feel a much greater in terest, in. it,. after having been consulted thereon, than .they do under the present plan. (To be. Continued.)..,, . . 'd WIAT shewof reason has Mr. Hall attenipted, or can he at attenpt to' prove that the "non attendance of the Civil Officers, and'Magistrates was not voluntary, in thy. true sense of the term. So far from the fact of the absense of so respectable a portion of the Colonists from the Races, after the insult offered to the Ruler of the land in which we dwell, and.the Patron of the Club, by those part cs who, for purposes of their own, were ahnost the only upholders of the last Meeting, being, as. Mr. UHit has it " a fact. upon which we fully expect the conmmiseration of Parliament," we consider it a further proof. if further proof were wanting, of the loyalty of the people, that, " without any private or public intima tion'froi' him, ' the private feelings of the Governor are so much regarded by' the, enlightened portion of the Public, that they will not participate even in the amusements of those by whom His Ex cellency has been-insulted. That any intimation, either directly or indirectly, was made on the subject by His Excellency, or by • his oider, through any othler individual, we have already most un equivocally defied .? and we are, therefore, the more pleased that, wthout any such interference-a step which, pptwith tanding, iu our opiton,,the (tovernor would have beenperfectly justified in taking, had it pleased His Excelency so t do-the only supporters of the Sydney Race~, on this occasion, the only' atbtnrs ot the f" actious few," were some one or two hundred of these veryres pectable Gentlemen-the mob-who ivould have gone to enjoy the pleasures of a horse race, had Junius been ridden by Old Scratch, and Auatralian by his brother." T'tis is a quotation froa ole. of the learders of the Official journal of mnondivy. It contains tiiree propositions. lst. That the absence of the civil.and :military officers from the late races was` voluntary.. ] nd. That that voluntary spirit was the eff ct of the loyally of those civil, and military officers.: 3rlly. That the Governor would have been ;justified in fhrbidding all tile civil and, militaryýofficers from attending the r4ces.. WIT regtrd' to the first of these propositions; let it be remembered, that the people attended at the races, in numbers.exceediimg any former period. Coln.ýqquently, the people consideredi it no insult to the Governor in thena to, attend the' said races ; i and that if} His Excel lencyconisidered.it so, suchh feeling on his part was un wortily,of hirm, and one w.hich went to constitute him mor oftt rPE4astern:Despot than a British Governor.: 'The.English ,people isubmit to 'the laws, with a minre perfet obediencd', th i'n any other people in. the world: lBut tlhy aietod n:adly a race, to; put .the:etjoymient of the iaitiotial rpcreatipn, itcomipetition with the private recentmunts andpiques o?fthe chief Ruler. To feel' otherise may bd Asiatrc loyalty, but it vould nIot be the loyalty of' the inli?ioiios oIf Migin a Chalrtia and.the Bill of Rights~-of . iabeas Corpus, Trial by Jury, and Legslptio0n by Repr.esentation. . By such a race it is held, thiat the chief. Ruleri is the mere 'dignified servant of thepeople; that:not enly 'the peopl's rights, but the' ipeople's feelings; are paramount, to ihose of such an one; and That it is rinseein y, noit, to,say uinconstitutional in the latter, by bis hearing, toi shew, that he expects his pgrate wishes, to prevail in oppositiotii'totbose of a whole peoplei For such: is the, doctr!h.eof pure des potism.'r To idvradee such t liirincipile, is , to ad voCate Jacobitisin, which vas finally. pured by the revoliution' f 10888. And we cannot oilffer a stronger. proo0 0of.the complete thraldom anhd slav'ery of' New South Wales, than to observe this principle not only aeted.lpon, but most a udaciously and unconstitutionally. enfour.ted by thioFilli?1 jtournal f 'the Government. Tas absence of the magistracy and clovit officers, we hope aid trust therefore, for theisake bf: their character as Englishmen, was I'N;voluntaryl 'Butwe carelittle which way it was.; Choose your alternative Mr. (-Iowe! the inferences, we draw are equally against you. If their at tenddnce was IN-vilGnitary, seeinig the people were pre *eat, te abseance ofthe fornuer uhew the deipotiam of.the a Quverntnent. Yea iS' t E 3fgp aPpse tWo paynthese oivi ,?~licers, not General" Darllnk;- "'; r iebe oioiTcer iare siip-7 ported by the people's money, not oQt :of the General's pri vate fortune or public salary. :.Whence then this tremUn lous dread among .the officers? -Do the Ghosts of :thie late Sheriff, and thfate ae Ctown Solicitor, and tihe late Chief Clerk id the Re istey s ' ce,lihoueless, ', unan oifned, unanele.,'' :flit before their .imaginations, and make them fear, lest a like, distiemberonent from office should be.inflicted on them :? It, on the other band, the absefice of the magistracy and civilofficers fromn the races were indeed voluntary, it follows, that as the people attended them, they and " the Althrit.es:" have no feeling in common;! that thb for mer consider the latter as their oppressors, and not as they ought to do, as- their faithful servants over whom they have a proper influence, seeing they live on t:ie people's money. Hence too, if. as Mr.:Howe suggests, the absence of ;he said magistracy abd civil-officers were a proof of the loyalty of the latter, it follows that the at tendance of !the- people: was a proof of their disloyalty; But as to any this, would be to utter.a monstrous lihel on the people of .New. South Walee;thun -whom the King I at not more: dutiful. and detoted rsuh,'..ts any where, either in Englad .or the Coloniesr.-itfollows, 'that the absence.. of the said .Authorities was no proof of theia 'disloyalty, but of their unconstitutionalabject depend ance on the Chief Ruler. With regard to' Mr. Hlowe's, assertioin, that the Go vernor would have been justified in forbidding the pre ses:ce of the civil and militanry oflicers and of the nagis tracy at the races, because His Excellency has some pri vate pique against; Mesars., Wentworth and Wardell; we shall only.observe. that we see ini sui h an impudent as sertion, how lost to all Eiiglishif eling'an hireling Editor will become, when hle thinks h h: will be, borne out by those who feed him with the peoplle's money ; one thou sand goodly pounds sterling of which," we have lately seen awarded to the said Journalist, for his valuable services. TnE Presentment, as' it i' called, of the Sydney Grand Jury, is not a presentmr n ; for there is nothing pre sented in it We do itit ?iJunbt the truth :' the remi/crk. in this n n-descript production, atd are 1l Ad to find ?no complaints of insulTicienit clothing. were iumade at either of the prisons by the inmites thereof, seeing they com plained so hea ii t re monthis , go, many of them beinmg sans culotter. . ' r----- --I -· mL. MONSO O N" 