Shipping Intelligence. We stop the Press to announce the arrival, late yesterday evening, of the ship George Canning, Cap- tain Bulley, from Liverpool, whence she sailed the 16th August, with a cargo of merchandize.—Pas- sengers, Colonel Snodgrass, Brigade Major, Lady, and six children ; Mr. Colles and Lady ; Mr. Lom- bie; Mr. Farraby; Mr. Law; Mr. Hyndes; Mr. Cooper, Lady, and six children ; and 11 steerage passengers. Arrived yesterday, from England and -.Hobart Town, having left the former place on the 12th of May, and the latter on the ßth instant, the brig Alice, Captain Todd. Lading, merchandize. She also bungs 1 cabin," and"3 steerage passengers. On Monday last sailed, for Port Macqua- rie and Moreton Bay, the Government schooner Isabella The Governor Macquarie is announced to sail, for Port Macquarie, on Friday, and .the Ellen, for London, on Tuesday next. The case of Tue King against Howe, at tlie instance of Dr. Douglass, did not come on yesterday, as was anticipated; indeed, there seems to have been some misconcep ' tioB with regard to the day, inasmuch as Mr. Justice Stephen, who, it appears, is the learned Judge who will dispose of the case, and the Gentlemen of the Bar concerned in the prosecution, were »II prepared to go on with the trial ; . when, lo and behold ! no defendant was forthcoming! The fact was, the defen- dant had instructed Mr. Solicitor Allen, as . the other side had often convenienccd them- selves on thisself-same erial, to request the Attorney General would be so obliging, \- from circumstances over which the defen- dant had no control, as to allow it to stand over till Tuesday. This we heard wa3 ac . ceded to, from various quarters ; and ' amongst other respectable authority, no less than that of the Sheriff (Willum Carter, Esq). Herein consisted the whole ' mistake. We regret that there was a mis- understanding, or any reflection offered towards the defendant, who has ever been . ready to meet this othe/charge of libel, and can have no possible desire to evade any ' ^claims justice may have upon um in any such matter. We are only sorry that the . defendant consented to the trial being dis- posed of on Monday last, otherwise the re- gular notice, which the Counsel for the pro . ¿ecution would' have been forced to give, must have thrown the investigation over to .the next Criminal Sessions in 1829. But the defendant-again we iterate it-has no ".wish for unnecessary delay, and protracted . inconvenience. The trial will come on this rday, for certain. We wer»* sorry to learn that Mr. Justice .-Stephen should have expressed the bast reluctance to dispose of the above case, * nee vte have t"n much confidence in the whole of the Bench of Australia to suppose, -ibr an instant, tha justice s'ould i ot be .fairly meted out, in any and eve i y case. -Io fact, it is quite immaterial to us which of Their Honors sit; ar _gret, that the learned Jud^e (Stephen) . should hare thought it incumbent to udvert to such n circumstance. It is not to be wondered at, that they who take pleasure in sneering at the Civil Government, should find equal amusement in sneering at the Established Church; for so closely are they interwoven, both in the theory and in the practice of the Constitu- tion, that enmity to the former is little better than another name for enmity to the latter. We were therefore in no degree sur- prised at the philippic against the National Hierarchy, which appeared in the leading article of last Friday's Australian. It was perfectly in keeping with that jour- nal's usual proceedings. It was one or the many strings on which its Editor delights to play, which, though individually harsh and grating to the ear, unitedly produce a most harmonious chorus of grumbling and vi- tuperation. He is consistent in his vices. He will not weaken the pungency of his charges against the Civil Administration, by omitting a due proportion of raillery at ec- clesiastical functionaries. His accusations accord also in their character, as well as in their subjects. They have, in the present instance, their usual properties - either so hacknied, that to deal them out requires only one grain of school-boy wit, to ten of political malignity; or so false, as scarcely to deserve refutation. The opulence of the Church of England in England, has always been a source of sore annoyance to the malecontent; while the inequality of her provision for the Clergy has given a plau- sible colouring to the charges of her ene- mies. But, even supposing her wealth to exceed her just claims upon the State, and to exert a pernicious influence upon her zeal and usefulness; and admitting, as her warmest friends unreluctantly do, that the unequal distribution of her revenues is a matter of serious and deep regret;- still, we would ask, how can these evils be re- medied? The rights of property are surely as sacred within the pale, of the Church, as without it; and legislative in- terference, for the reduction of ecclesiasti- cal possessions, would be just as unwarrant- able as if interposed for the cutting up of private estates, or the diminution of private income. But to the Establishment, as it exists in New South Wales, none of these evils can be justly ascribed; though our sage contemporary is pleased to say, that our Clergy are "already wallowing in all the indolence which boundless wealth and luxury too frequently beget." This charita- ble description of our Reverend Pastors, is the very reverse of truth. That their bread \- be it too little, or too much, or just enough - is not "the bread of idleness," every one who is at all acquainted with the detail of their week's engagements, will most readily admit. In addition to the duties of the pulpit, - which in no parish are light, and in many are oppresively heavy, their time and attention are intensely occu- pied by baptisms, marriages, funerals, the superintendence of public schools, the com- piling of official reports and returns, the business of ecclesiastical and philanthrophic Committees, and a variety of other occupa- tions. If these engagements, together with the prosecution of their private studies, and the government of their own domestic con- cerns, permit them to "wallow in indo- lence," they certainly must be masters of the mystic arts of hocus-pocus! No - what ever else may be alleged against our Clergy, they certainly may bid defiance to the charge of idleness. Their duties are so multifairious, and se explicitly defined, - and the system of surveillance under which those duties are performed is so strict and uncompromising, that however strongly any of them might he inclined to indolence, they would soon find how impossible is its indulgence. Work they do, and work they must. And as to their "boundless wealth and luxury," it is almost a waste of words to say, that they might as well be charged with boundless empire. With very, very few exceptions, the Clergy of New South Wales, are poorly paid; and we are disposed to blame the Ecclesiastical Board in London, for having directed so in- adequate a provision. The salary, as it is now fixed, £250 per annum, exclusive of house rent, medical attendance, offi cial travelling, and surplice-fees. We hap- pen to know, that a clergyman, residing in one of the most respectable of our pro- vincial parishes, has the following income : - Salary... £250 per Ann. Forage... 26 Fees... 30 Total... £306 This, besides his dwelling-house, his me- dical expenses, and the produce of his glebe of twenty acres, is all he receives from the Church; and we leave it to the common sense of the Public to say, whether any thing like a genteel style of living can be supported with a smaller income than this? In a Colony so expensive it cannot; and thos[e] , who happen to have numerous fami lies, have to exert the most rigid and un- bending economy, "to make both ends meet." - And these are the men whom the Australian accuses of "wallowing in all the indolence which boundless wealth and luxury too frequently begets!!" The charge is not more false than ridicu lous, - not more ridiculous than base. Wa rejoice exceedingly to see,1 by the English Journals, that a Bul is about to be b.ought into Parliament to allow persons accused of felony, lo have thir full defence mide by Counsel. It is, we think, little short of a disgrace to a British HuUseof Commons, that a similar attempt has been several times made, and ahvajs with signal failure. We cannot conceive any thing more moiistrous than the present mode ol' proceed- ing. For the prosecution, Counsel are al- lowed to steak. It is tiue, that ii is the practice to abstain from any in dam,tory comments, and to go no further than a plain stuiemen of facts, which it is prop» Sid to give in evidence. But the statement is made: it is a narrative coming from the lips of a man whose study it has been, all his I f , to dove-tail circumstances, and to place them in a lucid and consecutive form befoie til: minds of o.heis. The pri-oiier'» Counsel, on thu other hand, is allowed to cross-examine witnesses, and to ur^e any point of law on behalt ot the accused widen may occur to him,; but he may do no more. It is left to the prisoner himself-almost ne tesarily a man fioin the lower orders of society, who has never a Idtes ed a pub ic assembly in his l.fe, and who stuids »t the bar with, perhaps, liii life, and certainly his liberty at stake-it is Irfi for such a man, under these circumstaucts, not only to tell h s own story-a matter sufficiently d»fli< nit for an ignorant une 'uca:ed man so placed but ¡lso to what is technically t. mud " speak to evidence.'' He himself must, if it be done at all, com pa'e, co..t¡ as', and sift the te ti i ony brought forward against bim, one of the most difficult tasks of an ad voca1 e, and o:.e, very frequently, of the mo t vital impoitance to the result of a case., Now, i- this fair play? -Is it com- mon sense ?. So little is it,either that per- sons unacquainted with our judicial proce- dure could hardly be made to belieie that such is really the practice. " Oh ! non- sense ! Oh! pooh, pooh ! That can't be! You are joking." Such would be the ex- pressions of people of sensd and jusike, but unacquainted with the details of our law in regaid to this point. And what are the arguments used against a change,?-First, it is an innovation : very well, we wil leave that. Nexi, thut the Judge is the prisoner's Counsel, lu the first place, he is not ; and, in the second, he ought not be. That he is not, every practitioiur in the Eng I sh Criminal Courts will, we ure confident, confirm us jin asserting. How indeed should he be? He has to sum up ¡mpiiiiialfy to the Jury ; he is to I. ^d the balance between both side; of the question, and present the result in his charge. Now, the duty of a Counsel is to «ay all thai can.be said on one side; and it iu-.s very naturally be.n considered.as the best,muda of eliciting truth, for uno advocate, to say every thing thal c.tn be urged for one patty, ut.othor for the other, and then for the Judge to sift out, to the best of his ability, and above all, with the most strictly impartial fairness, the real points on bold sides, whJch the Jury ought to take into considetation, to guide (heir decision. How can a Judge do this, ami at the same time be C- un~el for the prisoner ? The thing is preposterous. A thiid reason given aga ¡list maki.ig the proposed chance is, tKat were Counsel to be heard on bold sides, it would tend greatly to length«n the proceedings. This may be true, but the qnesti m is to do justice-¡is speedily as pos- sible ceilaiulj-but above all, to do justice. Now, is it not ne essnry for full justice tp be done,that the accused should have the same advantage as the accuser? In ciiil cases and cases of misdeniean.tr no one at- tempts to say " business will be. got thiou^'h much sooner if there be i.o speech lor the dei. nda it, th» lefore there bindi be no speech for the doi'endaut." This soumis lil tie short ol ludicrou- ; and yet it is n t bo much so, if the ixtieniity of injustice can, hy dint of had reasoning, ever become ludicrous, as the case which now exists ; fur, in civil ac- tions, a few pounds pet haps are at ¡.talc, and in a criminal prosecution, it is very fnq lent'.y a man's I i lie. The last reason that wet know of is, the system works tcell. In a gte.it m.ijoiity of casts, it certainly is a matter of ui/liiL-ience how the prisoner is delbnded ; for, in the great majority of cases, he is guilty ; but it is our bouuden duty to lake a'so into considération thote rases where he is innocent, but where cir- ' cutnsancts press against him. In what prop ¡rtion thi be cases occur, it matter-, not, they do occur, and that is sufficient. More- over, where all we ask in their supp ut isa liioad pii..ciple of justice, their claim is doubly btrutig. The po ni wa have been discussing is one of the an «maltes of our criminal law; for theie are m iiy principles of practice winch we caonot butcousid'r extravagantly lenient towa.dbthe prisoner; as they tend, not to protect the inn icent, but to ¡shelter the guilty. We allude to the exceeding care which is taken to prevent a man saying any- thing which may criminate himself, as if innocent pe-'ple said any thing to criminate themselves; to the extent to which the doc- trine about receiving confessions is curied, -s ifinno e.it men, upon having suid to them, " you had better confess,'' immediately in- vented u romance, detailing an imaginary crime; and to a multitude of technical de- tails which we will not now enumerate. But it is strange that, in the midst < f these contriv.inc.es to enable togues to escape, there should be st» much opposition made to a measure, by wh cb the chance« of preber vai ion would be extended to honest men abo. It is amazing to what length folly will go ! Something, or somebody, that calls itself " The Turf Club,'' has issued a manifesto, in a late number of the Australian, ap- pointing Races to be held some time in the month of April next, at the very period, if we mistake not, when " the Australian Racing Llub" purpose holding their next meeting. We should like to see a list of the Members of this association published for general information, in order to remove an impression that has gone abroad, that the " Turf Club" is nothing more nor less than a " dead take in." The most remark- able feature in the advertisement to which we allude, is that part which invites sub- scriptions in secret. We really should like to know the characters who patronise this institution in private ; because we rather think, if this important piece of news were made public, that we should have one more illustration of our opinion as to the tools with Which faction is constrained to carry on its dirty work. Judging from the dis- play of .. purses" and "plates," that this ghost of a Club cannot yet have taken the benefit of the Insolvent Act, we shall direct an outstanding account to be immediately presented for payment. If it be not forth- with discharged, why then the " Turf Club" cannot cqmplain if it is "markbd" as a downright imposition, To-morrow, leing Christmas Day, Di- vine S rvice will be performed in all the Churchs«, and, we beluve, in most of the Cnapels, throughout the Colony. Tue mar.et, which, in consequence of to marrow's being Christmas Day, wis held yesterday, was very thinly attended, and scarcely an article of poultry was to b' seen. It was the poorest Christmas market we ever saw. The sloop North Briton, belonging to Mr. Matthew Gibbons, jun. was wrecked in the southerly squall of Wednesday Last. Mr. G. has bee, so unfortunate as to lose two vesse!s, in the Five Island trade, within the last two years. By a private letter from one of our most eminent agriculturists, dated the 20th in- stant, we learn the following painful particulars of the state of the interior : - " We have suffered now six unusually severe parching days and sultry nights, without even a drop of refreshing dew; and, as might be expected, our lately luxuriant and promising maize crops have suffered such injury, that a few days more of such a state, of température would complete the destruc- tion of it. And the pasturage, even on this estate, is so burnt up, that I am under the painful necessity of sending away most of my flocks and herds to in- terior pasturage, to save them from starving. Na- ture cannot support such an unequal balance much longer, and as we have had the novelty of North wardly winds, at intervals, for some days past, look out for the New Year setting in, perhaps, with floods; though as we had no rain here, the water in the Worragomba rose three feet on Sunday last ; so that there must have' been considerable falls of rain in the Argyle or Bathurst, or both Plains_I am sorry to find that the wheat is very generally so small and perished, that it will not more than average half a crop. However, if our maize and autumn putato crops had done well, we would bave been beyond want of these necessaries of life." From the refreshing showers which are at this moment falling, and from tha heavy vapours which pervade the sky, we are in- duced to hope that the maize may yet regain its former luxuriance, and that the dark prophecies which have been so plentifully uttered, may be contradicted by the event, . A party of Gentlemen yesterday, in ' company with Mr. Frazier, the Botanist, at Government Gardens,' were shewn some apples on the trees by that Gentleman which were in full bloom on one side, and actually roasted on the other. The Officers of the ship Satellite are bottling some in spirits, to preserve them as curiosities. Some peculiar circumstances have tran- spired relative to the case of Thomas Ryan, convicted of murder on Friday last, which induced His Excellency the Governor to respite him till i'mther orders. He conti- nues most solenly to protest his innocence of the murder. The boy, Lyster, who was capitally con- victed with Alexander Browne, who under- went the sentence of the law on Monday, for a series of nameless offences, has been, we understand, reprieved. Repugnant as such crimes are to human nature, still every offence possesses its gradations of guilt ; and we have always been of opinion that the criminality of this lad has considerably merged in that of the great offender who has paid the forfeit of his life. There can be little doubt that the youth fell a victim to the artifices of Browne. Previous to his execution on Monday, John Iron confessed that he was the perpe- trator of the robbery for which an unfortu- nate man, named Joseph Furnis, has been some time under sentence of death. Furnis all along protested his innocence. By the Alice, we have received Tasma- nian Journals up to the 28th November, from which we make the subjoined S lec- tions : We have seen the Monitor, of the 8;h of November, but it i* full of nothing but Edward Smith Hall all over. Radama, the King ol' Madagascar, has written an affecting despatch to the Gover- nor of the Isle of France, acquainting bim with tile death of Mr. Hastie, a serj ant of the 58th, who was appointed airent at 1rs I court, in which he says, that although Mr. Eastte be dead, he (li .darna) is still alice, and is determined to fulfil his treaty with the King of Euglantl to suppress the sa- lar es. MELANCHOLY SUICIDE. — Our readers who live in Hobart-town will remember a respectable looking man of short stature, occasionally to be seen walking in the streets, by name Mr. George Northam. His body was found on Sunday afternoon floating in the water, about 30 yards from the shore at Mulgrave Battery. When taken out of the water there was no coat on the body, and only one shoe, and it was the opinion of Dr. Seccombe, who examined it, that the moment of death was accelerated by apoplexy, from a sudden rush of blood to the head, produced by sudden immersion in cold water. The poor man had been in a despond- ing state for some time, and having parted with mist of his little property, but lately sold his silver watch, when he used these af- fecting words, but in his usual quiet way, " it has been my companion for 12 years, it is the only friend I have left. I must part with it, and when that is gone I must go too." When he had afterwards expended all, and was obliged to request the favour of a little food from an old acquaintances, he burst into tears saying, he had lived too many years in the world, and should certainty make away with himself. Sometime after his death a paper was found by a little boy in the home where he resided, on which these words were written : " When, a poor fellow has no means of living, he must die. When you see this you may conceive that I am dead. George Northam." Little does half the world know the misery which the other half has to undergo, even in this land where such a catastrophe as this seldom occurs. How many are there now in this town who would gladly have afforded the poor fellow every comfort and consolation which his age and character demanded ! For he was a good man, perfectly sober and regular in his habits, a constant attendant at divine service, and had little other companion than his bible. An inquest sat upon the body, and a verdict was returned, that the unfortu- nate man " came to his death by drowning; himself in state of despondency, produced by old age and poverty." It is this week our painful duty to an- nonnce to our readers, the death of John Lakeland, Esq. Principal Superintendent of Convicts, after a short but severe illness, in the very prime of life. It would be vain as it would be presumptive in us to attempt to describe the inconsolable condition of his afflicted family, or the regret of, we may say, every one in the Colony generally, at this sad and premature event. For it is a circumstance belonging to our small and isolated community, that when the hand of death is applied to any of us, it affects the survivors with a degree of poignant sympa- thy, unknown to the inhabitants of older and more populous countries. We are all known to each other, we see and have in recourse with one another every day, and when a blank thus suddenly takes place amongst us, we feel the deprivation with peculiar force, and are painfully reminded of the debt which we all owe, and must, in like manner, shortly pay. The lesson comes home to our bosoms, and accompanies us round the table of our family parlours, and the bed of our retired chambers. As a public officer, Mr. Lakeland was a man singularly suited to his situation. His upright, independent character, and clear discerning judgment, gave him an influence over the prison population, and afforded him a peculiar facility in carrying into effect the intentions of His Excellency, with regard to the discipline of the prisoners, which have so greatly contributed to enhance the security of property in the colony, and to improve the advantages to be derived from con- vict labour generally. So well adapted was Mr. Lakeland for his duty, that the very prisoners them- selves whom he thus kept in wholesome subjection, lament his loss with little less regret than those in the higher walks of life. The change of a public officer in a colony so peculiarly situated as this, who ran scarcely be expected to discharge his irk- some duties with much satisfaction to himself or the public, until he has been qualified for his post by unceasing assiduity, and years of experience, may, under any circumstances, be considered a misfortune, but when that change is occasioned by the stroke of death so little anticipated, and so severe as the pre- sent, it amounts indeed to a colonial loss and public deprivation. By the notice of His Excellency in the Gazette of this day, our readers will perceive that the melancholy ceremony of interment will take place on Tuesday, at ii o'clock. 