MARY'S GHOST. 'Twas in thc middle of the night, To sleep young William tried, When Mary's ghost came stealing in. And stood at his bedside. Oh, William dear! oh William dear! My rest eternal ceases; Alas! my everlasting peace Is broken into pieces. I thought the last of all my cares Would end with my last minute; But tho' I went to my long home I did'nt stay long in it. The body snatchers they have come And made a snatch at me, 'Tis very hard them kind of men Won't let a body be, You thought that I was buried deep, Quite decent like and chary, But from her grave in Mary bone They've come and boned your Mary. The arm that used to take your arm, Is took to Dr. Vyse; And both my legs are gone to walk The hospital at Guy's. I vowed that you should have my hand, But fate gives us denial; You'll find it there at Dr. Bell's, In spirits and in phial. As for my feet, the little feet You used to call so pretty. There's one, I know, in Bedford Row, The t'other's in the city. I can't tell where my head is gone, But, Doctor Carpue can; As for my trunk it's all packed up To go by Pickford's Van. I wish you'd go to Mr. P. And save me such a ride; I don't half like the outside place They've took for my inside. Thc cock it crows -- I must begone! My William we must part! But I'll be yours in death altho' Sir Astley has my heart. Don't go to weep upon my grave, And think that there I be, They hav'nt left an atom there Of my anatomie. We regret to learn that Captain Phillips, of the South Sea Whaler Alfred, with one of his officers, and three, seamen, was killed in a conflict with the natives, while in pursuit of a whale off one of the Solomon Isles. TO CORRESPONDENTS. We fear the poetic Vision from the Beach, is not of such general interest as to deserve being set before the public We have rooeived the letter of R. N. on the snb jeot of the land regulations, but the writer must agree with us in the imprudence it would be on our part to publish anonymous communications, expressed in so decided termB, without at least ourselves knowung the- reat author. If he will oblige us willi his name and address we will cheerfully print his letter. The transpositions arc unfortunately iflislaid. The stanzas To .Mary, and Youthful Reminiscences, from the Forest of Arden, are creditableato the sylvan muse, but would occupy too large a portion of our present oolumns. They shall have u place in our forthcoming Monthly Magazine. Love and Time from the French, is short,; elegant, and pilby,?three qualities which recommend it to tho . Courier. _ ^ ? #- I The communication on the Circulating Medium and theBnnks, is well written, and when; we'ean spare room for so long an article pu a^b eot.whMi is al-. ready rather threadbare, we shall be happy to Insert it.. 