THE MONITOR. == SATURDAY EVENING, JULY 5, 1828. THE Sydney Gazette has been pleased, on the re- ported departure of the Venerable Archdeacon Scott from these shores, to pass a high eulogium on that gentleman. As we differ somewhat from the Editor on this subject, and as his panegyrics will go to refresh our memories on certain points of the public character of Mr. Scott, we will here quote them piece-meal, and make our remarks thereon seriatim. " The ARCHDEACON, as industriously reported, aye, and even confirmed, is not going home on the Boddingtons, nor has Mr. Scott any intention of leaving the Colony as early as might be wished by those who are as given to change as the wnd is known to be variable. In the late Administration we had the misfortune, though unconsciously, to impart of- fence to the Archdeacon, under the effects of which we have laboured more or less ever since; what we have therefore now to urge respecting that Gentleman, will be taken by our Readers as wholly disinterested on our part, for we have no cause to serve even in speaking the truth on this occasion. Though we are aware we are not on the same terms with the Venerable the Archdeacon as we were in 1825, previous to the transactions in which Doctor Douglass was mixed up; and whilst we disclaim any desire to attract the good graces of any one that may esteem us unworthy of such attention, nevertheless." WE do not consider the worthy Editor quite so disin- ter[e]sted as the latter part of the above quotation would have us believe. The Archdeacon, and the late Clerk of the Council are, be it remembered, still at enmity. The Editor in Sir Thomas Brisbane's time was the thick-and-thin supporter of Dr. Douglas, and the op- ponent of the Archdeacon. Now, having turned the Doctor up, he wishes very naturally, to make friends with the Church. " We cannot help stating our opinion, that it would be de- trimental to the interests of the Country, and especially to the rising generation, if the Archdeacon were now to withdraw himself from the Colony. No Church Dignitary that ever breathed could have been more zealously, faithfully, and ably employed in advancing the morality [a]nd piety of a Country, than the present Archdeacon of New South Wales, since his acceptance of an office which is no less irksome and responsible, than it is useful and important." How far three thousand a year is irksome to receive, we cannot form a judgment, never having had the good luck to receive so goodly an income. If it be irksome for Mr. Scott to receive it, we can only say, we think it a very extraordinary trait in his character. We never knew but one or two instances of the Clergy feeling it irksome to receive a good stipend. However let this pass. The Editor of the Gazette, in alleging that preaching to his fellow creatures, guiding the Church of Aus- tralia, and acting as public guardian of the youth of the Colony, with respect to their education, have been irksome, pays neither himself nor Mr. Scott any very great compliment. THE present distressing drought has existed a long time. When the Archdeacon was at Hobart Town, the Rev. Mr. Hill at St. James's used the church prayer for rain; but presently he omitted it. The Archdeacon returned shortly afterwaeds. He preached at St. James's. He never once alluded to the present drought. His sermon of fifteen or twenty minutes was quite foreign to the present public distress. Neither was the prayer for rain used in the service before sermon. ALL this, in a Colony which abounds with Deists, and where a belief in a particular providence is not half so well believed and understood, as a certain sectarian knowingness in the doctrine of justification by faith, and other abstruse doctrines of minor importance, ap- pears to us, a lamentable deficiency of ministerial discretion in Archdeacon Scott. But there is another part of the Archdeacon's con- duct, of a negative kind, which we feel it our duty to mention. Judge Hale has left his opinion on record, that the Sabbath is the foundation of Christian morals. And so says the Bible. Why then did the Archdeacon, and the Clergy, and the Church and School Corporation in particular, as the consvervators of public morals, neglect to petition the Governor and Legislative Coun- cil to pass a law (the same as obtains in Scotland) to prevent in this Colony stage-coaches running on a Sab- bath day, as was suggested to them by us two years ago? These vehicles are filled on a Sunday morn - ing with persons who go to spend the day at country inns, and on the Sabbath evening they are filled with the same persons, most of them in a state of in- toxication. We allow that many of the same persons would still take their pastime in gigs, and on horses, and in carts on the Sabbath. Be it so. But the Go- vernment will have done its duty in the mean time. As well might the Government cease to prohibit the open- ing of shops on the Sabbath-day, because many of our Sydney shop-keepers sell goods clandestinely, as that they should not do all they can, consistent with the just liberties of the people, to preserve the exterior sanctity of the Sabbath-day. We want not Government to go a jot further than the outside of things. But the frame of religion it is their positive and imperative duty to build up and keep in repair. The filling up must be done by the people. It is in vain for Government to go farther than external decency and public seemliness. To do more, would be to break in on civil and religious liberty, and to open a door to the entrance of religious persecution, and hypocrisy. IT is said, "stage-coaches run in England." True. And gaming-houses and little hells and brothels are licensed in London. But what have we to do with the vices, the follies, the bigotries, and the old moral ulcers of England ? All her good laws we have a right to. They are ours by law. The constitution and law have made all her good institutions ouer; They are our birth- right; and if the Colonists do not enjoy them, it is owing to their ignorance, or their venality, or both. But the bad laws of England are not ours. The law and the constitution declare they are not. We have no right to them. For it is not fit that an infant Colony should be inoculated with the virus of England's moral wounds, which have diseased her for ages. These are some of our reasons for not agreeing with the Editor of the official Journal, "that it would be de- trimential to the interests of the Colony, if the Arch- " deacon were now to withdraw himself from the " Country." These are our reasons for not agreeing with him, that "' no Church dignitary that ever breathed "' could be more zealously faithfully and ably employed, '" in advancing the morality and piety of the Colony, " than the present Archdeacon of N. S. Wales." " Whether Mr. Scott be viewed as a plain and unaffected Minister of the Gospel, in preaching its evangelical truths, or whether he be looked at as the highest Dignitary the Venerable Establishment in this Colony at present possesses, his virtues, his talents, and usefulness, appear equally conspi- cuous, and shine with a brilliancy that reflect honor upon the sacerdotal office." We have not looked on Mr. Scott as a plain unaf- fected minister of the Gospel. He has been engaged in too many public quarrels, and his name, either as Prosecutor or Defendant, has been too often recorded in our Courts of Justice, to command our assent to this portion of the Editor's praises. A plain unaffected minister of the Gospel, is, above all things, a man of peace. There is nothing he will not sacrifice to this. Even the interests and honour of the church are by such condidered to be best pro- moted, when they are given up, if they cannot be up- held without public litigation and private ill-blood. IT appeared to us inconsistent with the temper and character of "a plain unaffected Minister of the Gos- " pel" when Mr. Scott interfered in the manner he did with Mr. Walker, late Minister of the female Orphan school Parramatta. What too could be more incon- sistent with the temper and character of " a plain un- affected Minister of the Gospel" than his taking such strong notice of the speeches of the free inhabitants of this Colony when assembled according to law, to pe- tition the Crown and both Houses of Parliament for an improvement in this Government ? If the Church here and its Ministers were at that Meeting the sub- ject of jocularity, on account of their goodly salaries, and the reports in circulation, that the proceeds of the Church Lands would be taken to themselves, seeing that as forming the Committee, much power was ves- ted in them, why should not Mr. Scott, as a meek forbearing Minister of Jesus Christ, have passed all this by, as idle talk ? Instead of which, in the spirit of a man of the world, and in the spirit of a party man, who feels bound to resent all reflection and supposed insults upon the Cloth, Mr. Scott wrote to the Sheriff personally, and against him to higher Authority. The first brought the Archdeacon before the bar of public opinion as a politician ; the latter finally terminated in the Sheriff's being compelled to resign, and in Mr. Scott being also invited to resign. For the Archdeacon must excuse us if we think, that his resignation nine months ago, was very opportunely sent in, by him. ONE evil leads to another. The character of a Mi- nister of the Gospel is so delicate, that like the cha- racter of a female, the first step out of the walk of de- corum can seldom be retraced. Quarrelling with Mr. Walker, the Rev. Mr. Therry, the Sheriff, and the public speakers of the Colony, induced the newspapers to take sides with the latter against the Archdeacon, whose conduct herein, coupled with his very great inti- macy with those who are believed by all to be hostile to the liberties and best interests of the Colony, made him thereafter be considered as a leader of the same party. Mr. Scott, as a dignified Clergyman, found the attacks of the Journals insupportable. Before how- ever he became mixed up with politics, why did he not remember, that all politicians have to pay a heavy tax for their patriotism, by their being obliged to submit to be ever and anon shewn up by the adverse party To the Archdeacon was the subseqent Stamp-act ascribed. The Colonists believe to this day, that Ge- neral Darling would not have attempted such an at- tack on the freedom of this little kingdom, but for Mr. Scott. The Stamp-act therefore, crowned the Arch- deacon's unpopularity. He had been unpopular as Mr. Bigge's Secretary. The Stamp-act made him regarded as a greater enemy to the liberties of New South Wales than Mr. M'Arthur himself; and of the two, the latter is less unpopular than the Archdeacon. Mr. M'Arthur has awarded to him the plea of talent, perse- verance, and consistency. In all these Mr. Scott is con- sidered deficient. With respect to Mr. Scott being " the highest Dignitary the venerable esta- blishment in this Colony at presnt possesses," we beg to observe, that whether we consider the sacred cause of true bible piety, or the equally sacred cause of religi- ous and civil liberty, we hope the office of Archdeacon, will, so long as the world lasts, continue to be the highest office of the branch of the Church of England with which the British Government has been pleased to burthen the people and the land of this Colony. We have the express authority of Christ for believing, that while to secular authority is delegated the office of making secular laws and promoting public morals among the people, (such as, personal security, public peace, security of property &c;,) to God's spirit only doth it belong to make men pious. On the subject of religious sentiment and religious feeling and religious doctrine, no man nor set of men have or can have a right to dictate to others. Therefore no one sect has a right to be paid above another. The Church of Eng- land may be infallible, like the Church of Rome, for what we know. But it may also be fallible. There may be other Churches for instance, whose doctrines are full as accordant with the Bible, if rightly interpreted. Therefore common sense shews, that the Government of a Country can have nothing to do with such things. Devotion is a matter which belongs to God only. It is a sentiment between a man and his Creator, which the Magistrate and the law have little to do with. To in- duce men to keep the peace, pay every one their due and defraud no man, the law ought to interfere; but searcely farther. The law has no right to tax one class of men to support other men's devotions, no more than it has a right to tax those other men to sup- port theirs. The education of the poor in the art of reading and writing, may be done by the Government, but the inculcation of particular doctrines should be left to parents, and to God, and his providence. If the bible be not a lie—if it really be true, it cannot be overtherthrown. If it be false, the best way to keep up the delusion is to arm it with secular power, and give the public money to a host of idle men to preach it to the people. THEREFORE, if the Archdeacon be to be regarded and venerated by the Colonists, merely because he holds a high ecclesiastical office, we say, such an office in Australia, is to us a matter of grief and vex- ation. We like not such images and representations of Europe's, ancient ecelesiastical pomp and authority. America has no established religion. Yet her people are he most religious people on the face of the earth, and also the most moral. "Of the interests of the rising generation, the Archdeacon has ever been a steady advocate and patron; and he has done more justice, to their character and qualifications than any other Pubhlic Officer of whom we have ever had any knowledge." We do not say that Archdeacoh Scott has been idle since he came to the Colony. We however have no hesitati0n in saying, that considering his very large salary, he could not have done much less. The paro chial schools in the interior of the Colony, have certainly been copsidcrably increased since Mr. Scott's arri val. Major Goulburn however did more in Sydney in the School-way, than the Archdeacon has done. The principal free-education school of Sydney, commenced by Major. Goulburn, was more thriving in his time, than it is at this moment. As to any special " justice " done to the character and qualifications of the rising " generation" of this Colony, Mr. Scott did, in his first public address to the Clergy here, express himself handsomely of the young people. of N. S. Wales. In this however he was not original. He only trod in the steps of Governor Macquarie, Sir Thomas Brisbane, Mr. Marsden, and Major Goulburn. He only echoed what these experienced men had testified to years before. But with all his love for the young people of this Colony, do they, either collectively or individually, feel the least regret at Mr. Scott's departure ? We will venture to say, that the departure of the Archdeacon will not cause the youth of this Colony to breathe a single sigh! No public officer ever created less in terest among the Currency of N. S. Wales, than Mr. Scott. "For liberality of sentiment, as regards religious tolera tion, it is questionable whether the Colony will ever find Mr. Scott's equal - his. superior, in that respect, will never be forthcoming. We would ask, whether this alone is not a trait in the character of a Church Dignitary, that is wor thy of being recorded?" We are surprised the Editor of the Government Journal should ascribe this quality to Mr. Archdeacon, when it, is believed, that through his interference a most indefatigable and pious christian minister in this Colony, (we mean the Catholic Clergyman the Rev. J. J. Thery), was deprived of his salary and the post he held under Government; an office on the strength and credit of which, he left his church in Ireland, and took upon him the cure of souls in New South Wales. The endowing Mr. Scott with a peculiarly tolerant spirit therefore, appears to us to be as parasitical, as to have attributed to him the appellation of " a plain " unaffected Minister of the Gospel." Mr. Scott not only got involved in political quarrels, but he did not even contrive to live in harmony with such a man as Mr. Therry, a Gentleman universally repected by Pro testants (save a few bigots,) and greatly beloved by his own people. A Gentleman, who although warm when he thinks he is imposed upon, uses that warmth in acts of condescension, tenderness, and sympathy, to the poor ard the mean of his flock. His character is to be knowrn amongst them. By this true Bible standard ought Mr. Therry to be judged as a Minister of the Christian religion. We know, that with those re ligionists in, the Colony who dissent from us, Mr. Therry's being a Catholic, is a crime. But if a Minis te's walk and couversation be to be judged of by the love of his people, and of the poorest of his people, Mr. Therry is behind no minister in New South Wales. " The report of the retirement of the Venerable the Achdeacon is void'of foundation, and we have little doubt but our Readers will rejoice with us for the news we have advanced, that such a report is absolute fiction: and as the [delu]ded Editor of the Ausetralian would say, and in fact did the other day ; we would also "advise our Readers to attach no importance whatever to the stories of unfeeling and lnterested persons, or suppose that a thing is, because they wish it to be [!]" The report of the retirement of the Archdeacon is not without foundation. We again assert Mr. Scott is going home, and that he once derermined to go home in the Bodditigtons. He may however delay his departure a few months. But Mr. Scott is going home. This we pledge ourselves to. Here ends our criticism on the panegyric of the editor of the Sydney Gazette. We will conclude by observing, that had Mr. Scott imitated Mr. Saxe Bannister in separating himself as much as possible from the society of persons who govern a party in this Colony, he might have earned, as that Gentleman did, the applause of all liberal and candid men, and retired from the Colony universally respected if not beloved. To command the love of the majority of a Community is not in any man's power. But to command their re spect, is in the power of all men. Mr. Bannister's family we feel confident, led him to keep up connexions with politicans, which otherwise his very nice sense of honour would have induced him to suffer to languish. But the feelings and comfort of his family had that weight in a brother's affections, which they ought to have. Hence his situation became one of the greatest difficulty. The manner in which he, emerged from those dilficulties, untainted and unbelouded, proved at once, the purity of his principles, and the wisdom and amiabilty of his disposition. IT was no fault in Archdeacon Scott. that he had been bred among politicians and merchants, and had been a man of business and of the world. I might, and w[??] indeed it was, indecent in those who ordain [relig?]ion for this Colony, to send us for our Bishop, a Gentlenman who had been a merchant; and who as Mr. Bigge's Secretary, was necessarily, or at least unavoidably, a Colonial politician. But when once Mr. Scott had brought his mind to swear ex animo, that he was moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him the sacred office of Archdeacon, that moment he should have bid adieu to politics of all kinds. That moment he should no longer have been seen personally at a Bench of Magistrates, calling to his aid the chief men of a certain party. That moment he should either have 'cut' his former political friends altogether, or at least have never been seen at their houses. His own house might have been thrown open to all, so that by his godly manners and meek deportment, he might preach the Gospel out of season as well as in season. But to have visited the leading politicians of the Co lony, chiefly or solely since he became the head of our Church here, was in our opinion a most unhappy and imprudent step. MANY persons may think our strictures on Mr. Howe's article too severe. Let it be remembered, there are only two ways to uphold patriotism. To praise the noble actions of patriots, and to expose the faults of those public men, who by their action, shew a greater regard to the welfare of the few, than to those of the many. SINCE the above article was written, a Gentleman in Sydney has received the following letter— " Sydney, June 24, 1828. " SIR, " The arrangement of the pews in the Church of Saint James having been completed, and submitted to the Archdeacon for his approbation, I am to acquaint you, that the large pew bearing the numbers 96 and 97, is vacant, and may be rented by you, from year to year, at £4 per annum, to be paid in advance. " I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, "JAMES NOR'T'ON, " Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court." "To * * * * * THE person thus addressed, is, we believe, no fa- vourite with the Archdeacon. He wrote an answer to Mr. Norton saying, that the new pew proposed to him, was ineligible, and that he was determined to keep his old one. THiE Clerk of St. James's Church, under the diree. tion of the Minister of the Parish (the Rev. R. Hill) has hitherto, we believe, regulated the pews of the Church, and every body, we learn, has been well pleased with such management. The Emancipists once took it. into their heads, they were excluded from a certain part of the Church. This idea, and the ill- feeling to the Church it created, was allayed by Mr. Hill's judicious management. It is the opinion therefore of the Gentle man above mentioned, that the Archdeacon has des cended from his high station, to take upon him the office of Church-warden or director of the pew-openers, on purpose to do that, which Mr. Hill, we aupprehend, would by no means have consented to do. The person whom the Archdeacon wishes to oust of his pew, it ought to be remembered, with his family, have been as constant attendants on divine service both morning and evening, as any persons in the parish. As the Archdeacon has turned a sort of Church warden, he will presently we suppose turn chief grave digger and manager of the church-yard; and some pa rishioner or other, who is obnoxious to him, may expect to receive a letter like the following from the Registrar of the Archdeacon's Court. What this Court or its Re gistrar has to do with either pews or graves, we cannot divine. The letter about tombs, would have to run To - SIR, Tua new arrangement of the tombs and graves in the grave-yard of St. James's, having been completed and submitted to the Archdeacon for his approbation, I have to acquaint you, that Tomb No. -- at the swampy end of the yard, is vacant, and may be occupied by the de. ceased members of your family. &c; I am, Sir, &c.; JAMES NORTON, Registrar.of the Archdeacon's Court. This would scarcely be more harraseing to.the feel- ings of the parishionerd, than the above attempt to turn them out of their pews. WE did not expect at the time we were writing that portion of the above leading article, which goes to shew that our Archdeacon is not a man of peace, we should have had occasion to add: so strong a specimen of litigiousness in matters which it is beneath him to inter fere with at all. As the Archdeacon of this Colony is a Member of the, Government, it behoves the Colonists, in the departure of Mr. Scott, to do all we can to procure a successor who, shall be as unlike more popular. We therefore in- tend as a caution and suggestion to the good folks at home, both civil and ecclesiastical, who manage these matters, to print an extra, quire of this number of our Journal, in order to be enabled to furnish their Graces of Canterbury and York, the Bishop of Calcutta, and the Bishops of England, with a copy each, by the next vessels that leave the Colony. As we are upon the subject: of. religion and church. affairs, and proposd this number to be read by the Dignitaries of the Church at home, we will conclude our leading articles of this day, with, a few suggestions to these enlightened men. For such they are for the most part, although national Clergymen. WE would suggest to His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London in particular, the inexpediency of forcing the Hierarchy of the Church of England on a people who consist of all sects; of which Churchmen form the lesser portion. The Church of England is in England part and parcel of the Constitution. It is the law of the land. It is liable to alteration, but a national Church is an essen- tial part of the British Constitution. This is like many other remnants of the dark ages. But as it is law and custom, it must be endured, until the interests of those who suffer by a change, can be compromised with until their consent be obtained to make that change. And improvements which go to grub up old tap-roots, require several hundred years to accomplish. BUT in a new Colony like this, we were never under ecclesiastal dominion. Neither the Pope of Rome, nor any other foreign potentate, had dominion here at any time. We are not all of the same opinion. in religion as the English people were before the Reformation. We Colonists are divided into all sorts of Christians, of which the following perhaps is a pretty accurate scale of proportion. Church of England Colonists--20,000 Kirk of Scotland andother Presbyterians -- 4000 Wesleyaus -- 7,000 Independent and other Dissenters -- 4,000 Deists and people of no religion at all -- [2]500 [Total non Anglican Protestant] ----- 17,500. Catholics, Irish and English .......... -- 25,000 [Grand Total] 62,500 Now why should the sect in the Colony called Churchmen, (ie persons attached to the Church of England) be supported out of the funds of the Colony, either raised out of the land, or by taxation, in preference to the other sects ? Why should 20,000 souls have so many thousands spent upon them, and the remaining 42,500 nothing ? Are not the 42,500 equally the King's leige subjects ? On what principle, founded on the welfare of the. commonwealth at large, are the. smaller number to be supported with a clergy, by the greater number, who dissent from their doctrines ? If this absurdity cannot be helped in England, is it any reason why it should not be obviated here in a King dom just settling ? Tas Wesleyan Clergy of the Colony, are supported.. by contributions from the great Society at home, aided by some contributions raised in the Colony amongst themselves. The people of the Kirk of scotland and other Presbyterians are greatly scattered. They have however two Ministers. One in Sydney,the other on the Hawksbury. The first by order of H. M. Ministers re ceives a salary of £300 out of our Colonial funds. The latter is supported by his own congregation. The Catholics have two. Ministers. One receives from Go vernment a salary af,£100, and the other is supported by his people. To ascertain what sort of equity which the British Government, through Lord, Batburst, has practised in N. S. Wales in regard to the religion of the Colony, we present the following statement to His Grace of Canterbury, and the Lord Bishop of Calcutta -The following sums being annually spent by the Government here, on the different sects. On the Catholics consisting of 25,000 souls, a sum is expended by the Government annually of [£]100 On the Presbyterians of the Kirk of Scot land and on other Presbyterians. - 300 On all other sects, consiting of 13,000o souls - nothing On Church of England Colonists, consisting of 20,000 souls (according to the last Revenue account published by General Darling),......... £19,347 Of the sum of £19,347, a considerable portion is ex pended in the support of the Male and Female Orphan Schools and other public schools of the colony, But this does not much lesson the hard ship to Catholics and Dissenters because they cannot make use of these schools; inasmuch as the children are (For continuriaon of leader, sec last page, 1st column) (Continued from page 1245.) compelled to be brought up in the tenets of the Church of England. And there is, perhaps no principle to which a parent will adhere more pertinaciously, than to bring up his children in his own religion and the reli- gion of his fathers. This feeling, so highly to be ex- tolled and encouraged, since the contrary would evince the greatest degree of moral turpitude, is as common to immoral as to religious parents. It is in fact a natural feeling, common to all men. and ought therefore to be respected by the Government. THE sum of £19,847 does not include, we believe, the salary of the Archdeacon, which is three thousand a year. This salary is paid at home. IT appears then that Lord Bathurst, in his wisdom, equity, and liberality, awards to the spiritual instruction, of 90,000 churchmen here, the pittance of nineteen thou- sand pounds a year; while on the moral and religions improvement of 25,000 loyal British Catholics, equally his Majesty's liege subjects, equally moral and worthy as the others, equally as intellectual and as ingenious, and equally as useful to the Colony, is bestowed the enormous sum of a hundred pounds a year ! As for ourselves, we think we can. say we speak dis- interestedly on this subject of the Church. We believe, in our own conscience, that the 39 articles of the Church of England are more accordant with the Bible, than the creed of either the Presbyterians or Calvinistic or Wesleyan Methodists. And while we admit, that the social meetings of the dissenters for devotion, act as a better nursery for piety than the Church, which practises no discipline, still, for more independent minds, who cannot brook the petty dictations of a sectarian disci- pline, the Church of England, in its open communion, its sublime service, and its liberal and tolerant spirit, right a most pleasing retreat. So far we are for the Church of England. Though we confess an eloquent preacher and a faithful affectionate Minister among any sect of the evangelical Christians, would always com- mand our occasional attendance. WE consider that the endowment of the Church of England in land, to be very bad policy, if we look far enough. We suspect its endowment with land, is con- sidered a most clever trick by the projectors. Because (say these knowing politicians,) so long as the people of the Colony are not called upon to pay the sa- laries of the Clergy by taxation, but the latter are sup- ported out of their own lands, they cannot complain. But Archdeacon Scott, by means of the late Surveyor General, who was infinitely, too favourable to his archi- diaconal zeal, has mortally offended the people of New South Wales, by the haste and snatching sort of way in which he put his hand on every acre of good land round the settlements, left unoccupied on his return from Eng- land. Many respectable emigrants found themselves greatly aggrieved thereby. One of them (Mr. Weller), although a man of capital, and bringing with him an order from Lord Bathurst, was put off and delayed so long by the late Surveyor General, (who was at that time almost made crazy by the constant visits of Mr. Scott, at ten o'clock every morning to do justice to the Church,) that after spending a little fortune in Sydney, he found himself compelled to return to England to seek for re- dress at the hands of the Secretary of State, thus com- passing the globe in search of a farm of a thousand acres, worth five shillings an acre. That is to say, worth- less than his voyage and expenses. WHEN people dislike a thing, it sets them a thinking. A newly-arrived emigrant was one day complaining in our hearing to an old grazier, the father of half-a-dozen six-feet-high currency lads, that he could get no land under an immense distance from Sydney, by reason of the Church reserves, as all the good land unlocated is now called. For the Church has a right to pick its seventh. And there not being a seventh of the territory good land, of course the Church-pick takes it all.. The old grazier dryly replied - " Never mind Mr. -- these " Church reserves, when you and I are dead and gone, " will furnish our sons or grandsons with funds by their " public sale, to wrest the country from the domination " not only of the Church, but also of the King of Eng- " land." So much for this cunning policy in setting apart the land of the colony for the maintenance of the Clergy of a particular sect, which cannot boast of containing with- in its pale half our population ! We do not mention this anecdote, to promote disaffection. But as loyal men, who consider this Colony will never thrive so well as when sheltered by and dependent on England, we faithfully warn the British Government. We, therefore now, while yet a wiser policy may be adopted, forewarn them, that the Church lands here will operate as a premium fifty years hence for rebellion. It is a good thing for Go- vernments to promote religion but his Majesty's Minis- ters are overdoing it in New south Wales. Religion ceases to be religion, when too much nursed by au - thority. The two great arguments for national Churches urged by the Clergy of all countries are, the established Theo- cracy of the ancient Jews, and the duty of the King and the Government to do that on a national scale, which every man is found to do individually, viz. to promote the honour of God to the utmost of his power. The first is too far fetched to claim any attention from us at this time. The second is. more plaulible, because it is true in a certain way and to a certain extent. Religion, in the abstract, is a sentiment towards God, with which another has not necessarily any thing to do. Hence the most devout, are the most retired and private in their devotions; and this spirit is encouraged by Christ, as being the freest from ostentation and suspicion. JUSTICE and mercy are the essential effect of true re- ligion ; but by no means of religion as practised by men of different nations. For the history of religion has proved them to be of all men the most merciless. Devotion, un[l]ess enlightened by justice and mercy, has always been found cruel and assuming. BUT what man or set of men is empowered by God or by man to determine what IS truth ? Christ declared, that what he said was truth. But a great many other persons have said the same. Let not therefore kings and rulers interfere in the affair; but let their subjects debate the matter in a friendly peaceable manner, whe- ther Christ be true, or his adversaries. To do justice and to love mercy cannot be wrong. Justice is a principle which heathens and christians, civilized men and savage, all agree upon. Questions may arise as to what is the most equitable way to en- force justice. But the question being once settled by rule, to obey the laws will be to act justly, even though those laws should not be so strictly in accordance with a wide-extended equity, as they might be. Governments therefore should never attempt to de- cide what is truth in theology,any more than in chemis- try or astronomy. All they have to do is, to promote science generally, and foster ingenious men of all arts and sciences. They may justly tax the people to build edifices for the holding of scientific lectures, as well those on theology as those on mathematics and the classics. Nay, they may perhaps endow certain learned societies, but not one in preference to another. Law- rence's physiology ought not to be paid for above another Professor's, nor an Archbishop's theology above that of Baxter, or Wesley. Government is not to judge whether Lawrence and Bishop Portius or Mr. Whitfield be right or wrong in their respective sciences. All Go- vernment should do, is, to build some warm comfortable spacious lecture-rooms, and then, throwing open the portals they should say to astronomers, mathematicians, chemists, catholics, protestants and quakers; " There " Gentlemen, the nation has built these elegant halls " for your respective accomodation — walk in, and make " your own arrangements, and each of you make as '' many proselytes as you may." 