Supreme Criminal Court FRIDAY, MAY 16, 1828. (BEFORE MR. JUSTICE DOWLING. ) Joseph Baddelly and George Howard were indicted for aiding and assisting in the escape from the Colony of WIlliam Clarkson, a prisoner of the crown, con- trary to the statute. The offence is constituted a misdemeanor by the 4 Gio iv c <»(J wlunhy ilimniict« ', that ni) per i m or pimons, nho slmll m any munni timinie, ii i I uhr t, or nsswt nillir «sui|tot, or ititi ntl« d e» tipt It um niiv part ol N(w Simili VA iii», or Van Dum in'» Lilli, «u the di puuliniu-i lh< n ol, of an) ptrsoii or pi rsou* tht r« hi nig u ni« r ni I y urtu« of any suit« n(( ol tia ispiirtition, I ir my ti nu no1 theil rspuul, or ol any judi;ii « ni or sinluiu pi uno lui« ii ni any Court of ton pt tint jiirmdittion in tin s ml Coll i>) or its dipindcmus, wait«! ait, and hIi ill he j mid ht dei nu d and til «11 to lie guilty <. misile I un nur, und shill intuí mil he hil Ir lo (mcnot ix «t 1 din,; du hmiilriil pounds, or to itupri-tmitnint tor an v (ti in 1 o' 1 ski din j; two ytam, or (o bulli, at tin iliBiulion ol tin (omi Inline which my hulIi ptr- ion or p< rsons miy bri inn ut« I Hit A1 iori i y (. 1 nuial stated Pie mt* to the Jin v Vhtnrssis tieri then t ii ed to prove, th it n 1111111, na ni d Willum C111 li son, tv ts toimtti I of mur «lu, nt tin IM mutins, on Hil 111) of Mirth, 1824, lint tli ii iii míen <|iii uti ol sim. ftio nab e urciiiii st mu s «ppi iii mu in bit ( iii , Um M i|i sly lind betn I > I r im d to Html tin "i uti mt ol iii iib pi « don him, on tominion ol hu In in It inspoi lui lot the term ol ins 11 «lui ti lid , lo tin ( olotty oi Van Un mci»* Land lu puisti mee ol tim suitiiue ho irr vtd litre ia His Mi|<_i(\s ship 'musí, in Du« mini, 18¿0, wa» tilt u to tht (olnntil Sun tiri s Olhic, where 11 (I111 upturn of his pu-sou, &t; ivas regislt n d mille ii-.il ii in iniiti Ah ml Ita il lys a Irr hu ir rival, lim I su II iii y Hu bini in u iris pli ut d, m «oiiaequen«e ol pun! ir tniuiusliiiiei , insli 11 ni rilainlng I lark mm iii ill 01 dm irv sei vue ni flu 11 inn, lo ¿runt lum ipissp lui pioli tttini, hy »luth lu iv is pi rnutled foKsili ¡>t N vu ist li, and tmpl ij lu nitlf at any I infill lillipilli)! lor Ins o ui lu ni li , on «oiiililuui, (I ii lit mur it mi) mue »rut m n than thirty nub strom (hit si Hltuioiit, mil (bit lu rtportul bim- mil to tin prop« 1 Aulhotitii'i it spi tiliul pi r oil« in rub year Hu pi ison r aunr lm_l), tt«u lorwarih d to INtiMislh, mil luiuitiul (birt uu Ii 1 the 1 undi (?ins of his iiiilulni nu, nulli tilt month tit iMiy, 1827, whtn he fonml mens 11 mik« hwtsuipt, in tilt ship Ciiiulitrliiul, to II ililli i mm, in Van Du ni« i's I jin I On linn tirtumstii i« t I tnijr uud« known to (lit Atilltnritti« bert, minni itiuu »as un muli ittly lorn 111 dul to the lo^ ti (jiivi riiiuit ol tint j Colony, lo^i Hit r willi 1111 uuiiriti d stription of tht ruiiiwu, lukin 11 ont th n lintis ni the Colomil Olino, in «oiisupu mc of wini li, lu nu sometan' ilt> rw irds appr« licinlul, aflrr lui vit l, tli-irr d out ni a sh p bouilli Iront I Inbiri Ioivn to Pat 1 ti* ¡indi «oiuiniiiiu ilion t) (bit tllitt, and ii it np; tint lu would he I 11 m mini to Suint y, by 111« slop Albion, tliiu about to sid, h « ni 11I1 known ullin lily to iii liourmni nt ol lb s Culi nv Aldi 1 1 ira I) of 1 ta «oto mil «Ijoiinc ntiiry evi dun« h id bun ¿ nu 111I0, du sliblisb tbeab ive I nts, Mr Maltbr» I 1 11 ti r « is t ii ul nul ( x namul-I murnini tin snip Al ii ni, t 1 III mt r« h 1 it sri uu, mid lui si) 1I111 inj; tin. >< ir 1HJ7, I irtivi d willi tin Allum itllnluit low 1, 1111I11 J 1st ol Dritmlxr, IS '7, 1 r 1st Minim, IH'H , (lu u jjr I r inline I at llo'uit I um till the ¿nth ot I muir), ot Un piègent M 0, nh n I solid I ir S)dntt, nul urrivtd hue on (lit ¿7lli ni tin kihi« m nilli, 1 min uhoiilltl li in<,t li ( I irk, lint vi lui tv h t tilt 1 U iib (in 1111 luo 1, ti is brou bl on bund ni) ship, lu (be Dirvrtnt, win 11 slu ivis un 1er weigh mil lor « li ni piss ige ni (he stui 1 i my nil nt wup ml, I'muji 1 do not know hi win ni, 1 tlount know who tiought lum on boir I |> iiluiil uly , liiert »lie mihi« i hu i» y hen nea lu011^lit mi lui ir I it lb« «Jini (um , I reuieiulii r a dm unir ni Mimi ir lo lb it non pr «lured iv«» hin ltd ti mi, mil I s ml I wool I not. t ide ib 11 (.r o' tin mau is ipi is nur, lu nts iiitrndittul 011 hu ird u« a pi I si"< mis pulfirliuiv n"eii(, l«t ir« he «a ne on 0 ni, Ibiilliiul bun lo run nu on hoard tin ship, he ivis- 011 I o 11 d u lien vu sub «I for Sy dm y , we vii ri s u u ti i\ s un tin pts.,it,t , uni I saw lu 11 on bond di tin iilunoun ol lin s xlh du), tthiuttt were about 20 miles from the land, and within a 1 d i> s s ni ni Suliu ) , limul II o'« lui k on tin infill ut tht ii i\ I» loi t iii 11 uud al sviln \, I it is roiitul uni ot liul liv an al inn tli it Hu ic * 1« a nun «ivir bo ml , 1 mum ii mt« Iv unit on ililli, the munni lilli ttr, tin pusonu, lliililil , lud «luij,« ol (lit n il li «it tin time, a id (It ussel w11« ç iii j -it tht 1 Ut ni 11 lil ItnoH ; 11 lionr , I 11 li lui tin hi'ni to lit put ilium, nul tin ttm to lu I neil I, ninth was dom uimiuli 1(1 Iv , (lu uiijil »is « xtirmeiy dirk, so Iii it in oli|ttl 1 no1 I not lit ilislin^uiKhid at four yards distance, with a strong gale blowing from the s mtliMiiid, uni the st 1 um lit** vi ry Ililli, Dad ililli m is-otu of those «ho jj it 111(0 tin (,1 , »Ililli » is rowe I an iv I nun the ship, and 11 uuiuul ili-uit above ¡1 ipi uti 1 uf ¡in lunn, iluiuip; »lui li tun« I inulil not s r ii, 11 )i « o 1! I III isc in li, I nil posilivt, distinguish (be ship, ni iimsi i) u-iiu ot ulm It I dm 1 ted 1 j,mi lo hi ii ni, iii nillir thal Hu) ni _lit hi guided in iMilurt «be whs , I did no1 hit III it th« v hii>unhi any Ililli)* bitk mill the m when (ht boil 11 timed, »euri tvul it Sy lint Uu to lowing murnini,, im! Iiejoitul » li it lia I utciirrt ti In >lr Kivmond, the '-etrtliei ol Custom», »ho tune on bom lol 114 0 1 our in 1vuI li issixinuueil bv Mr Howl'- Hie mm was c lllidl I pk uni C111 ksiri, but hi deiiud Ins mint to Ik I liilisnii, I ntur spoke to bun «lunn,; (be 1 lyaet , he tras ti« it««I isa stçi nj,e passenger, anil mil us a pu-, >m 1, lie mu uiiiltr no usti nut on boatd (n° Albion, nor did I und ritt mil tint lu ti is in t'io tustoily «it mi) nut , I mid, winn lit « nu« on b lui ltilo'iut lot 1, (lint ii they tiutiud lum 1 1 11111,1, t'l v slioul I su d 1 iiiimlnble willi limi, is 1 would not ti! c ihm ri ol bun, ht wns niissm» trom nu Hlup hi (ort «h iiiiiv« lui Ni tv * «nilli Walis, ii «.is blowiupt a storm on the 1114ht it w is r< pot li I th ii he went overborn ii, I unified (he gi), to h I iw irtd lunn« li it« I), mid liiuld« Hy tins «me «,i tlie pi r sons-, nul I hilitto tin 1« rv lust, who jiiiupul lulu i( tn^ii 11 sundi ol the mun, I du nut i< mtuilitr who (lit ollitrs »tie, but it win it the rink ol thtirlivts tlul Ibey titot mt«) the bout on «nth a iii,*lit, Ibu« wire some ruontrny se.unui brought «in I omi m\ vesstl at Hobart limn winn we »ere I« ivinj; the nvei, t nr naine* were Howard, I humm Cin, and liiyson Carr, I never saw I Inrknoti «ni hurd the Al bioti altir it was reported ti» me that hi wini ovei h uird, the. vessel kad not arrived ni any pullut ih. Colony them Hy a Juror-I would not hire thought it inruui bent on in- to deiner Clarkson up on my uiriv.il here) 1 «lui not «011-.11I1 r him in my cuftody 1 he learned Judge here «t ited th it the witness ap- peared to h ire it vi rv erroneous ami unprop« r mi pression of what bin duty really km I rum the « ir cunMances under win li Clarkson c-iine un board, and the knowledge the witness must li ive bad of Ins si- tu id ¡n, if he hid ir u d here and tht willie»« li id not di lu ried hi 11 up, but let lum est ipe, he would luvt bera /inltv ol the ollenie iiiipiiltil lo the pri- soners II in liul not wish to lake thiri>e ut linn, he should inn luvt allotted hau on boiril hw «hip at ill Hy fie CouiT-T am not «ware that the rir rumst-im r 1,111 < r wliuli Clarkson tame on hoard my sh p, ivi le known to my olhterii Mines (My m mil, Liij exuiuitr-d-I um Sp weber "I Customs , 11 tiiitnilier tht arrival uf the Hlup Al- bion iii s)diu\ Cole, in J iniury last, the puptr, . ou piotln ii 1 1 mp) of what I took «town trom C «pi tin I roi tor s statement to me when I wiut uti ho ml Mr R0WF0I iciteil to any stitrment of whit the ( iptatti li id tni I, lintis niven in et I lente, as it did 1 «tapp ut it tht piisomrs were present, VV itne«s~| went on board the Albion, I hroufrlil one of the tide-waiter», namul Lilly, with me, nml left him on board wl en I ratnr nwny , I afterwards .rtit iinothi r man tmmi-il Vioieton on hoard, I re- member the nlnp Tejer, bound to Valparaiso, wat thru l)injrin the »treiim, readv to Mil) tho Jiger sailed on the saturday following Sydnev Stephen, Li«| e* iimneil -I cam» a pa« Ronner mi the Albion, to tin» Colony, from llolmrt I own, ni) brother is & du tor Oeuer ii al Vim Die nun's Lan I, I vi ii the bun cr of some lett-rifroni tinhut I own, «mc of whn li 1 received from mine const thies, on th« morning the man named ( lurkson 1 une on bo trd, and the othtr from my brother, both ol windi I was rcqueitcd to tlchver oa my arrival { here I ' Mr Juitioe Dowling.--Mr. Attorney ftcncral WtV how does ibis evidem-e affect the prisoners nt Hit "'J har ? ? What have we before us to shew that they wet, cogitlrant of the content! of these letter«, or that they knew Hie mun, Clarkson, to be it priauuer of the Crown ? Witness.-It was generally understood on ||0nr,| the vessel, Hut the mini «tilled Clarkson w.-is¡ulr|, soner of the Crown ; about It o'clock em Hit »¡"u ol' the '¿lilli «if January, the vessel liebig (lieu |°Mt the Heads, I was awakened by a noise «ni deck, nm| some person crying out, but multi not tell ti lut wa« stud -, iniuiediiilely niter I heard the prisum-r ll,i,|. delly, whose walch it was then on deck, say, ¡n ai, agitated iiiiumer, "what's the mutter?" A perimt forward answered something, of which I only raiiaht Hie word " uvcrhoard," »hen I iiistimtly hmrd ft|i> liaddelly rilli out " Captain Proctor there'*u nn^ overboard j" I iiinnedintcly huriicd on dt-t-k, um) "" my way knorked at the Captain's door, ami culledl out lo bim that lhere was a lunn overboard ; w|len ? eie came upon deck I suw several prrsuns getting read« ' t" a bent; 1 wanted them to throw a hcn- ciiti|i i,n, tri' hoard, but at that instant the Captain caine un 'deck "'' and ordered the vessel to he hove to, and the gig (" be lowered ; sume persons, one of whom wns llai|. drily, got into it and rotvt-d away from the ship, the uiii bl wau very «lark, ii ml blowing very lut,| with a heavy ben, mid the tesscl going about rio|,j knots au hour ; I should suppose ive were tlie, about ¡ID miles from the Head* ; I think it ptrri-i-iu Impossible, supposing a man to have gone ovi-rbinrj that greatrr exertions could have bren made to uri bim; Ilitddtdly was at active a* any other pcriiin.if not more so, and, I bebt ve, wat the very íir»i n¿ got into the Ixmt. Cross-examined -' Clarkson was treated on Ikjuj the same im any other passenger ; there was nn pf,. son in charge of him ; when Uaddelly went into the boat I considered it a step of extreme danger, and undertaken at the risk uf hi« life; indeed it «rai« ui-itti-r «if surprise to me that persons would lu riik their own lives for another. Mr. Junior. DoWMNO observed, thnt wIipr the rharat-ti-r of a British seaman was rciimmlK-reil, he would be sorry to lind in liter for surprise inany risks he should encounter to save the life ul'u folio* creature. Hrysou Carr examined.-I was a seaman on l>uar«dl the ship Albion, at Hobart Town, nml caine cpou board that vessel to Sydney ; I knew the prisoners . H.idtlelly tras the second mate, and Howard thelma«,! swain; I rememhi r a mau named Clarkson, a djrfc k , i-oiupli xioucd man, being brought on board nt Ho. Hj'l hart Town ; it was understood mi buurd Hitit lie wai H 1 flic It" *« din it" ¡Í >»f dill lier iii eie ii" rl' Pit IjOl TI u i« hi 'n' J<4 III «I» tim ;ii n1 uf «i im» ?iii »I «t apprehended «ni suspicion of being a rtuiattiij «r¡. sime from this Colony, hut 1 did not know he wai one; 1 knew he wns tm-Pii up on suspicion, heuiiHj I was previously ciiulined in the gaol wilh him j) Hobart Town, for running away from the ship. | have seen Clarkson and Hadd-lly co iversit gtuji-iliff on hoard, during the piss-ige to Sydney ; they rleut in the same cabin ; C arksmi occupied the birdum. der that of liaddelly; 1 remember the night «Ik, Clarkson was rcpn-ti-d tu have gone uverliuartl; i| wuk my brothers beim that night (rum 10 t» 12' liaddelly told me, on that irglit, when he t-tilMm, for that purpose, to go all and relicto my lirnllicrnt the brim, and not to ask what it was for; I iliilgu when he railed nlr) nct-ordiiig to his dii-i-cliiiiipOiil when 1 was at Hit- helm, hu «Mine lo nie amisiiil, " now you must be as silen* ns the grite,'' L which I understood 1 was fo l,c secirt; iili'in|(p¡ miiltitis aller I bearii au ii lu nu of n mau tii'itiix «ne« board, and Hadtlelly told me lo put the hi-lnulowi an lay the vim«i-I to; tins was lit- twcea lOiunl I o'( lock : I had not m-i-ii Clarkson l'or sunn* time bt-firi (hi», mid it wus he wl o »as said to have gum- oin bo ifil ; I did not sceC'lirkson afterwards till Hie Tur* day following, when we were lying in > ydin-y {'mr¡ 1 saw bim ciunu up the after hatchway, ami gi) our the side of the ship into a boat which tunk liiimm shore, he'ween the hours of et and K1 o' link at night; ii was a iv.iteruun's bunt; Hidilclly ibtl nut go with him; Clarkson, (he pri-ont-r llmt-unl, m« hiollii-i-, and the walciuiau, were tht- only persons ¡liff the hi) it ; after Ilia alarm ihat a mau hail ¡>nuu nrrr-'l hoard, Clarksini's cibui iris hem relied lo am-rrlal ii it was he, when two letters weit- fourni in it, our, as I uiidei'sfo ,t| «bri-rte I to a Mr. Wilso i, at Honnit^ Town, mid one toMiiUt-lly ; 1 -aw two lu (cr. ¡ntl¡»s Cnptiiii's b.liul, but I do nut know what iu-i<; tlic-ir con len I s , Hy a Junoa - \re vo i »ure that it w-is Cl.irW I | yon saw go uno the bott at Sydney ? Might it iml have lipt-n his ghost? (a laugh.) Cross-examined.-Wj,¡,t I have slated here todir is the truth \ I did not tell a «liff rent story lu (Iii Magistrates; I signed my name tu n diliere'iit«lilt meiil in writing, hut I did not do it willingly, it tit lo save my life ; I was in gaol, at the time fur «.lulof bail, to keep the peace, and Mr. Baddelly was calledl at the same time under this charge; when I first went into til» gaol I was almost killed, and II id Jelly |. having gul sunn; person lo writ«; I lint statement mil, I, and ¡uki-.I mc to put my natue to it, I -.titi 1 wooli t do ant tiling if he « «mid keep me out ol the yard ; I I trill not swear thal I never said to any person lint the evidence* I gate before the M-igidrates was all f Use, and th it I was bribed to g ve evidence nginnel tin-.) rismii-m ; I lute iet-eived about £0 fruin Mr Raymond to pay for my board an I lodging niñeé I have been from the ship, whilst I ivas waiting fur th« trial to be brought «>n. 'Hie WriHiN by URN KRAI* here wishr-d tricxpliiti to the Court thal the money piid hy Mr. It lyinniitl f. to the witness »as by his order. Wheie witiKMri were «let lined to give evidence on any particular (ml, when work could not be procured fir then, of course they should be maintained. j Wiln-sh-I never slid I bul Veicived ino icy to iii V e t nie ice against (li.- defendants, and that I war sorrv I Iml ever sahl any fhntg about it; I never iii' formed the gaoler or any other perso i (lut 1 was rain pelli-tl to sign th it coiit'-adictory statement, or that I was in ilumjiT of my life in the gaol. Q-Nu», will you swear lint it was Clarkson you saw go into the boat atS,dm y ? A -Yes, I a*n sure it was he ; if it was not, it mtl'l ¡>j have bet n his ghost (a laugh). li-iMotv, Sir, as it has been very properly put to you before, by one of the Jury, wil' you take upoi yimiselt to swear that it was nut lim ghost yoi saw? (lund laughter) A-It might have been ; I won't swear tint ii was not (continued laughter^ Q-Was it not tunning in your head, up ti (lui I time, that Clarssuu was drowned ? A-No; Air. I ndde'ly told one, on the Pundi; before, that Clarkson was not drowned ; I can't Kit whether I ever had any words with the prisom-rt; I have s.Vbl to Captain t'l-octor and Mr. Cole, the Chid ' Mirer, Hint I li id u pirti against Hie vessel ; it wal in allusion to this business, and 1 said to when tile) threi.fennd to put me in gaul fur running away. Thom is ( Arr examined-I am brother to the? lad witness; I was a seaman on board tim Albion; I know the prisoners; on the passage »oin Hobart Town to Sydney, there wa« it mau on hoard wlin was called Clarkson ; I never understood from *nj body during the passage that he was m priioticr of the Crown ; on th» night before the morning weir rived'n ' y duey Cove, about half-past 10, I wai at, the helm, when Baddclly sent my brother to relieve I me, and told me that I would lind a hat upon the f | forecastle, which I was to throw overboard, and im- mediately call out that a man bad gone over, wlilrh I «lid accordingly, and the aiann was given through- out the »hip and a boat lowered ; on the day pre- vious to this, liaddelly and I went «Iowa ¡tit» tht bold to get some water, and to see if we could linda place to conceal Clarkson ; about eight o'clock on the night when it was said he went overboard, 1 win un deck willi Uaddelly, and'liftcd up the after hatch- way for Clurkson to go down, mid I saw no more of lum till the Tuesday following, when wc wercin Syd- ney Cove; ou the cveiling of Tuesday, about nine o'clock, I saw Clarkson talking to uaddelly in hil cabin ; 1 went ashore, hy lUddelly's direction, fnr * waterman's boat, and remained away an hour to avoid suspicion ; when 1 returned with the boat. Clarks jn pot into it, mill Howard, the waterman, and myself bi ought bim onshore; Howard and I went with him to a house on the Rocks, kept by a wontna named Roberts, and Irft him there j 1 never sa* Clarkson after. On the Friday following, about (9 o'clock nt night, 1 went on board the Tiger, wliJih, was to sail for Valparaiso on the following rnorning« with a bundle of clothes given me by Uaddelly, ami which I believed to be CUrksun's, with direction! to give themtothe mate for a person named Clark. Cum» «ximiurd-The man I brought q'tbure ta, Roberts' left in Nydeey; 1 never miw bim attar; Cor what I know he may be in Syitaey'slill ; no offer« have ever been made to me to give evidence in {hit. S baillies*, (mr t ha I «IM f(inertnnlcit.tlini.with any oik oirb, til, | wis «rut tor by Mr! It yuiulld. At thli si*,; col' the trial, it h-ing then (I o'clock i> the evcnnij, Counsel on both sides consented to at adjournment till io-iimr uw mmuiiig. The Jin-) were then strom to hold no coiummiicntion »ii any person In r, fi-reace to the mutter ut issue, nu the Com t ailjomtiul. SATURDAY, »7lh. The Court nut at IO o'clock th s morning, piirsu ant tu uilji)tirmii»nt,to resume the prout-eiliiigs lu the case eil the King against lUddelly and ilomti-d. lm meill.tti.-ly after Mr. JuslLc Dow big had taken lu sett upon the Hi-ucli, however, it was iulimitinl ti Hi* Honor Hint the prisoners' Coiinscl, Mr. Rowe, liad bf-eii t iki'ii »a.Vlrnly ill, and was uiiubli! to np |>e.ir in Cuurt ; itnd as that gi'iitlnnaii hail airead) cuiiililt'ted their ease to far, it tras impossible th it mi) other Meiuher ot the Uti could, at Bo short a note«-, he su.liicic.utly iiistructeil to prot-ced with It. Umbi these circumstances, tin- Allornuy (¿encrai consenleil tit postpone the case to Monday next. 'I lie pi ¡so liters were accordingly remanded. No further bu-mitin* was transacted, mid the Court adjourned. MOND IV, Mav 19. The prciceetlingí ¡n ihr cn««- «ii the King tigniuil Itiiilili'llv mid I lu» ni ii win-1 inn nuil lins imiriuiig. J nil H I'titit i-saniiiied.--I wits ii «ennuin un bonni the Albion, anti wa» mi bonni wbui Cliirkimi t-ini» on board at Hobart Town, he was a tall dark complexion mini; I rntir-niln-r iii« ulai ni of u mun-uti-ihnnril on the paiiiigv ft mil lliibut'l 'I'm* ti; it wat mi (lie iölli, I n«tv him In Hie tifieiNiimi «if Hull d>iy ; I did mu sr« billi u for lill lin* Tueiiliiy following atti o'« lui k in Hie eu-iibig, «lien Hie «hip wai bing hi Mulari Cmr; I saw bim emin- np binn lint slerrngi', willi Gfiirgf* ijnttaril, and 'I'Iiuiiiui C'tur, nnd nil tliire gu ..«ter ibe »ide »I Hie »bip. ¡ni« ii vtiiii-tuinn'ii Inint, nml Tint nil' io««rd» Hit* Klug-'i »Vknif; I tierei sun '-billi aller tliul pvfititl ;' till lil« day ul'tii the iiUrin ol Oliirkiitli'beillgjnvi'lhiiiirit, oi^Suiiduy, lladileliy saul Hat be thought Itrtan Carr bud nu ntioiicd io muir «Hie elie, ilut Cla kami tiru* nut druwmil, nml indi me ihul In* tins nu lunnd the «hip, aiiif not lo bl nut mie know- nbnui lu If nu hour lu-line Clitrkiniii b-lt lint ship on Tiieidny Uuililttly said tbuttbty in riulril t«i put ibe man mi tdinrrlhul ctenitij, »ml told mr lo keep a look mil, uud keep peuple uwiiy fruin Ihr irntigwa) us miieli ns I could. Culm.« xuniiiird.--1 um away from the Albion .bulli 4 tiunllit «Kit; I run nwiiv til the Derwent niau ¡ 1 ilid nut aiiiki- np willi Hie Curri wbnl »bimbi br mulline; I ni-vi-r Imd uny cmivcrsnliini with ilii-in .en lu the einteile«' we ihmild give; I burt* nut m ci-ivill ninney lu gi*« evidence* «ti'iimit Hie priiuaei ; I bine irceivul ninney fruin ¡tir. Tilly, The Al'tuna Rv <î«tilt«Ai. cxphiined Hint indi pay. llil-iil ttui mude hy biauidi-r, fur tbc iiiuiiileiiiiuct-uf , Hie witnM«rs. Mr. Junio DowLin«.-I certainly it ill not intend or bute it iimniinleil, thal any sei vam of Hie Crown .w milli Ililli«' ti willie«» lil (five* improper trilniiuii). W illicit - Tlie Curra nml I weir fiirmlly on boni «I Hie Albion i tie rim mt ii j ni (be mine time utlluhuil » Town; 1 liefer lirnid Thulium CHrr my he would lu levetigi'd uf Mr. Dndilelly fui cbuigtng bim with Healing a ('¡liol; I could discern Cbukitui't fa cr vhen br went osbiue: Mi. Uadilrtly win mil on deck tit Hie lim« ; when Clark*«») was going be wein lint In (be mung «¡ile «if i tit- »hip; und tun called back hy U>ot|>r Kowai«'; lhere weir tavela! primus nu deck ai Hie lime; Uuddrlly vrus l gicnuij«'. By Hu- Cour I ---Chu kunu caine on bonn! al llnbnrl T.twii as it griilli'tuiiii ; be luiiki-d I kr n riipiiiiu ; br iiii'ili-il ni Hi« »li- nai'i-, nul slept in II,ulili-lly'i cabin; ml Hie nihill Hu- ulm m ufa ullin lu ing n vu bonni, nil bunds urie nitim-ii'il, to tee who ttni iiiiniiiijf ; I tu-vt-i hid n ipuiiiil willi I'iHier ol'Hit pi ¡«inierii,'inn llnebb li), »iiice J have bien in M) dury, on board Hie Alligsloi. bus ciitui'tiluiiir side in the* Alliiun'i lum!, i alni calle«! rue ntl iiifu'itti r, nml mid if he ever t me mi kliine be winilil du lomeih'uig fur me; ibis was utter I Intel given Inl'm inn lion tettpeciiiig C lui lunn; I men li ri'phrd illili be had better Iruve me nlollr; Mr, llaildi'll) wai ut thal time «Imtiir dill) on hunt» tin- Albion ;llu- crew vi hu wete in llic bual al Hie a nut- in tut hilve lum d wliui l.eiuul. Juhii M'Atil, linn n »lune munni, living it Cinii briilgesilrit-l; lu Jiuuinr« last I ti*eil in Hie binnie uf n pcrtim namul Mmy Rnuerli, thice diutl ; I rrinrin l>« r «eve i id person« npplyit'g for lodgings tit Al in. renieiiilur four penult* in piiliculur, wini cn mi' ti inn a Ouveriuniiil ornfit | ulm rein« nillir u »limiter eiuiiing lu'l\'ern ñ und Weilnr»dni, und tti-ul hwh) Iihwi-ui lund ¡i in Ibu night «if aliar 2d «f Pi'lntiiii),ni Hie niiiiuing of the ¡Id, ja um a Suloula» timrimig ; I auw bim go nwu) ; lie bad citiivns trott »ers, anti n blue jacket, "ithi-iHiei a «t-til »kin «up, Di a S io I cb bumiel; he wns ilrr*«i-d the mine woy when lie caine lo Hie bunn-; he witt «i t ribo« lab m»"', I dint't knew Hie tulum- id hi« bau «r'e)t-s. Hy nu* Coori- I «linnId cull Mut it milbillo. Croii-eanmiued.-.-l k«ep ii liulgiug-houie millie Um k» lot «rumen and m bel»; mini) mulatto «minmi «.'nine in lins Cornu t ; Hine tv m uni hing irinin kilbie in tin-iiiiiii'« nppeiirnucn wini emu« lu tin* binnie nu the day I han- murd, beiwi-eii (j and li o'clock nu the rvriiinii «if vVttliumUj, io tli«iiiiKuiili hint fiuai ni ben I hove »eui before m lince. elieorge Lilly.---1 .am n Ciilloin-liunie officer; I i «'at on bonni the Albion in Jniiuury but; I wini uu InntMl nu Hie tity «he ciiine in; I leniriubrr on the 1'biiriibiy fulluwuig, n elicit mill a lied wns Imiiled over Hie side by Hutt urti, uud nie ni Hie >ailurt; I .loppt-d it; Hie lied ttui in the hunt, and I nmi-icd oil tis being broil«hi up nutiin; ii nu« put m the huid again ; Howard amil be wauled ti la be titkrii «ni bnutd ibe llgrr very particularly; be luid íi'wh» Iii» otttt cbi-sl, and that lie iiiujfiiiiiirtnluive Hie Albion, nnd the Tiger win going lu sen al dn) light in the morn- ing ; the Tig«r imled tlnet* or fuiii dutiiifiei ; on Hie lolloitiiig day I beaut Uaddelly ntk llowuril »bul be had «lune With the tied and eli« ti beluuijiug lo Hint man; Ho« nid «nid ii tv hi put In low nguiu, us I wmitii iml let it go tv it bout u permit; I ilun't reincuiU'r uny «it bri- «¡uiiveuulniii ni lue lum-; I win on tor «pinner «lock iii llic time, nml de must have ne ii me; I win in Hie iteerng«' when (be I bingi wiri« Hltempied injie liiweted, nuil callie mi deck ut llicy waie pulling I ii lu Hie bunt. Crail.«xnmiiicel.-Hotvnid did not ask me per , iiUMUiii lu pul his box mid bul into Hie bout, lill aller I stnpi.id ti; thru* wen* mme niljin» mi iiruk al the Him*. I stum it wiuuiilenipti'ii tu be pul utei william my knowledge; I know Prim and Carr to have lleen iininea mi Imaril the AI bum; I hi-y mutin them, irlves knuwnlnme; Thouin! Cuu- »ns iueiotlucid lu iiieubniitO week« after, hy hit bioibtr; Hivu.iu Cnrr citinmi-iici-il tkr coiiveuuiloii with mp itlioul'ilna hum lies» di «I, bul I knew ul ti previno It ; 1 hemd lunn Thuiniii-Ctirr uud lu« bl other I huM hey ian anny li mu mi board the Albion, in cttiicipienci* ol a disagrce tiirui willi »nine of ibe office«« ; ti,«., ("jd ,ll(.v a,¿ nut wish an gn un hnuril Hie Albiuit igtitii; l Iii lu ve I (old Hiern lliel they would Mut he compelí.«I, ifthct »Mite evidence, to gunn'bimi d Hie Albion nguiu: I du nut icinemlier tilling ilirtn m Indue (ht v gave e'vt ilence ni t|te Police Office ; I will nut. »tv.-ur thal 1 «lui um? I never ireaiut ibun willi gin nml «utei bi'fiirc Hoy gate llicir tvideiice; 1 went min u pohlit Iiiui«» wbcie Hiey were with Mnrluti, auutliei nile winter, nml drank with Hum, bin i i|,(| mu put Im .. abe gin lind ti ulm ; «nine ciivrriunuii nctuudcuii eetnillir Clnrknmnii-1 Hu- Allnuii; IVmrand the lan» lind mil u, ivi-n evidence then; lb, le wei«> no num.fe» made to Pi tor or Hie Cant u, K\vt> evidence at'uhui any priiUHal this ineeliug. Ke-eSanuued.-I ««« emptated by Mr. tcnvmmi« to gel evidence mt ibis I.ii»Ihi..i.'; | ,"«¡,1 (|lc """"e,,,. Hie money unbred hy Hie Attorney General fui (heir Hippoil: Ul come.pience of private ¡mm nutt mu I te çuveil, t liad lre«juctil intuviuw will, talbot uni hoard Ibe Albino to »blain such fuels rebilite to I Chu kum i eiuipc in I could. By the Court.-When Howard was trying to get the chest, and box into the boat, he said he was going on board the Tiger which was to sail the next morn- ing, he remained on board afterwards whilst I re- mained for a period of three weeks. i J?/°iK" T',0s,.",l,I ,?ar,,«pt K«q. examined-!n March » IfliM, I wu« « Rlerl-lmuiM the M.mr.liit» ; I was fre ipu-utly mi "e Ginnd Jim... there; I remember u permit named Chu kunu tried fur itund.-i nliotil ihm H lime i he wai a nun "r ,l)|u"r UH(, Ca "," f | tes.el; I kurt* bun foi ,ma previntis; do wa, he. i and rath, r under Hie muidle »ne; I do nul reeullcc T ilma he spuke with any pruihicial «liiileci . I remrm. t hrr bit bnvtpg the Morn ¡tim ot, ,|,e Success for New 1 huoth Wale» ; I ne», r .hw |,im l",re . | "w " ¿ ' cut her«', when 1 arrived mme lune alter * n '' Cruit-eaamined-l know V«!, Diemen*, Landa It wa« Ù formerly adepineleiicy "( New .Son,I, vV"le, ; Clark , .on wat tried, hy ¿ngij.i, Law in abe M.iurit ni, ,". der a connnir.uui, under Hie «rie.it Si al uf Fit» land al twtnleg oflenéeî cumou'tl. d "t »** B ""'' ,*, .»lion "im"!'' Gt,"'r^, C,U"'d .'" co,e for ,he I"0"" '» ii. *lr' ?°7!!L,hcn. Pr<*«««i to address the Jury on ?* iî'bfw .0hJill!r,Hner,^îm,.rftiw,, avérai points 'V L ' ! ? « " Hmor Mr> J«»ttco Dowling con- ?*. f Hint any opinion in that stage of the proceeding n. MU» mtrve th«m for after and more mtuwSïïL « ß deration; tilth themslslftiit» el lils leafncd CeilUagum ni the* bench. - ' Pur Hie dpfene», Mr. Ilbwn call'.*«I 'Vu«r,y Stkimii-n, 15si|.-1 came to SytbuSy mt board the Albion ; Hit* two Carrs uud John I'rliir vera saunen on botr.l ; they were nu bir coiiflaeiurat 'ir »slinrt tluiMiii Hil* pass.ijr lu I Inbiri Town ; they vere Itnuiir !tl from I Iii» gaol tin bond, ami called iptn to da tlii-if dilly ; they rjftistnl, and Ibu Cap liii couflu.'d lil.! u, au I siid, trliea lit hrnliirhl tlieai i|> here he tv mid put then in gmt again ; I inter. : üleil in their hell ill', and sent dinvil to tell thimi so, if tiley would return to their duty ; they were lu jiMilliiemeiit below fur ah mt a day au I it half. 1 wits ,tt Hobart Town Cor sumo linn-; Vu» Piemen's Land did farm a part of New Sjtitli Wales, but i* nu tv a separate Colony. George Tig ley .-linn a constable in the giol at Hf lacy ; I knew n utan named Ih-ysoii Carr lu the 4;aul; after a paper had been read in my bearing, I tskeil him if he was aware of what he was going to da; he said he sit mid not Inn-? dim; »«lut ho hld done before, only that he trim in lit|(Kiraud was ¡min- ced to do it ; he sitid what he had slated was false, tail he had been bribed ; hecomiiicnccil this i hil Ver «athol with me, not I with him ; hu sahl he would «wear to the paper that was read io him, if a .Magis- trate came. Cms« examined ..-No Magistral«* caine; bull be- lieve a mci sage wits »cut to Sir. Spark, bul It-* enubl not come ; I wat I'orinei-lv a co ihUIiIu in Hie Sydney Polite ; I wasilisinisst'd lur neglect uf duly. Ity a. Jimmi - It come« to my knowledge that Carr was removed fruin the yard in til? gani to ano- ther p:irt ol'tlii! prison lor safety. Hy ibe Cuurt- !b* tvts removed' f'lr safety to l.is person ; bowns kniitvii to hi* a tv laen for the crown. Charles Shewell examined-lum at près'iii con- fined in Sydney gaol for debt ; I know a mau immrd lirysmi Carr lu In; ctiiiliued there; I remem- ber a paper being read to bim in my presence, lu llie beginning of April; 1 would li now lint paper, it it witnessed hy tnyii-lf; he said he bad done wtonir, and In* wished to «lo uttay willi ii by slating the truth ; Mr. Spark was sent for to swear him, he did not com«*. Mr. James Cole examined.- I wasf'birf OIHirrof the Ship Albion in Jauuaiy last; I know the ttui Carrs lind Piior: they were «rumen on board Hu* Allum : 1 bute the means of knowing Hu; general cbaracler of Thomas Carr, and my impression ii that he is nut lo he believed on his nulli, in connexion with Ibis case ; or any oilier I min lit, bul when li-j left the ship, he Maid he bad a phjtiu und spite aguiniil'her. e'iiii«-eiiiiiiinrit.--.| wini bl genrrnlly believe Tlui lit:ii(!»trt>ti his onth, except mi tbii ease ; I do not know Hutt lltidtlelly ever ill turd bim, nu illili lu; luid tiny remon for ptimiuil uuiaiom) annum bim. Stephen .luliiiiluur_lum coiillucil in gaol fur debt, nut! it ii» in April bist; ti mu n niiiiieil llrysnn Cnrr was Hiere ni Huit time; he told me lint lie ian away frnnitlie «hip ni the Der» eui, nml llial ll.iddelly wai ibe utilise ni his heiiin'upprelii'iiili'd ; bo luid mc thal I whn! be llnlt'd bi- fm«! ibe Police tun totiilly false; Iii« «Internent to mi' wa« voluntary ; be nliii'tuld mi- litât be lint n hitilltcr mi bntii'il tbe saine ibip, anti Hint Mr. Ilmlili Hy bud »coined bim of »willing u pil- bil, mid tiiul lliioo^li ttint it cumul liitii lu bare re .venire. Crnii ewimiitril.-I do mil remember Hryimt Carr beni'- i uno veil flinn llu- yaid lu anulhrr pari ul Hie inn.!*,' I tun in gmd under n seiileuce of linee inniillis fur irlling spiiil« ttitlii.nl lireitee; I «lo bim ri-iuemln-i llint Hi yudu Cnir ttas reiunvul I io in one purl of tilt* gani lo ade oil.»i ; he mis in Hie »lime place ut the lime. Mr. Malbew Proctor examined,...-! kliritv Hie (re lierai ebiirueler of Hu- Carr» anil Prior, m fur ni the lime tltey tt eie «in bonni my »hip; iii«) cn me »if li me flinn Ivngliiiul ; It »in the gc/iend tenor of their conduct I «lu mil tliiiiii I would believe ihi-ir oiltln, ; Prior wti» cbttgetl willi a milboy mi luuiril dining Hie VOttlBl*. Criiii-rxniiiined.--I lave never knmui ellber of Iheie three ppisnus perjure hiimi'lf; tlu-y lia««- (old me deliberóte lie» ; »ne ot Hiern I inn «-uiivim- ed «I¡ti pciure liimiclf bcl'uie the Police. Ibe calton the pntl uf Ibe ptiioners »ii« t-luled here. Mr. Jl'lTici ÜotvilKo iitimili'lv iretipititbited the eviileitt-e, nml Hu- Jury uillod u «crtliul of Utility - Itemaiulrd. Tlie Gove ntnent «bunnin is a regained tu beti liniiiit in which I'tiiiiiway piisniifia» ol' tbe Oi own evuile the vigilance ol' ide Police. Solidity riiinlileis ihiou^h tin- in wen ul tins tery enchanting pr< meninie ure, iberelore, subject to Inutile attack 8 tit tlie vc y moni nt tiley least expe t tlietn. lis Coutifrtiiiy to Sydney into which uiariiiiilcrn may pretty t-a'ely ti'iittire amid the thtikmus of ni"ht, mid thiffacd y which it tilfmila for coiceul meut ut ill turns, sboulcl i miller ibu « per soils win« are i.i He bibil of wand, nug alone, particularly iliroiigli tien i requculed waiko, in iv thuit ordinarily cuutiou«. A q nurrel occurred bt tween t>*o of tie in i litar v nilli a civilian, «>n Stlnd.iy evtntui* lust, ne. r tbe Lunib r-iatd, in (ieurg-i' steet, in whii'li tin: latter nctivrd a slight burt inllioieil, it is snid, with u hayoi et by fie "manof war." Tbe uneinig wat ueciden tal, tbe soldiers nut bein» m duty ; mill tl.f ft ay. it is »tippo'-ed, oiiujnated in the i lux- I ion ion uf one or all «if tbe partios, lie tlnii at it may, limvtVer, tue rc-tult sliews the iinpi'opiu'tf ed Hie imlist run unto belt- s' ol bide aitn% on nil oi.-tiihÍuii', when their piis-ii'ss rs tire but tuen, nuclei (hiiiiHa enceol huii'uii passi tis,and when ihecliu. ce¿ arc so u,nat that every, appeal to theil me- diation tutu not terminate so fuuuirabl) to eitln-rof the patties ut ha'« happen- instinct* to which wes.r.t refuting-. On Sat in day tanming last, courtabie« Nicholls und Peat ce, instigated nut less by tho01 der* of Hier «opinion» than \\)y ti victv, ol' their own ultimate udvuutge, ti ere p ow lin a «ii 11 ass each, iu tim neigh I ion hood of Woo ooniooloo, when a couple irf ' fiW' fledged liushtoiigei«, part of the ttry c vey tliey were in scartili of, s ¡irnd J'ruin their lovrfl almost in the path ol' t m huut-i 111111, mid putting their bist le too 1 distanced their ptusucis. PUit Is w tv. úsele»» insttuiiieots iu stich it case; and one pair of active .leg*, would hate been of linne >e.d use that the best pair ol' "balking ¡rotis" ever forged, even thou«;li tlie whole powers ol' "Joe M.uiioii" li .d been everted in Huir for.1.ali ni. Husbruuoois ure n,,t tiiiw, as in the "good old tiuies," outlaws, mid Imhle to be shot without further enquiry. 14 What have you to Hay why the Court should not pa 8 si 11 ence of death ia pan you, and u ward'execution according to Law ?" ia now a necessary pre iminary to takeaway die life of a mau, and so, a« we belora ob- served, the display of pi.lois by Messrs. Pierce and Nichols, wt nil a "s mm," and the bushranger k ew it wau. We no not, however, mean to dennet bom the inirit ol' the-ie officer*. They did all they could. They pursued "red Toni,*' u iidiud which though 110ÜHB sponsoiial or patronomic ap l>i Hat ion, one of the fugitives was known by, and bia companion, but without elfect ; and as *' red Tom" and bit f How runaway crossed a wall which separu.etl them from die Government Doitiniti, in the thickets of .vhicli they were soon lost to their pu miers, lie gave the Couutiibles tluee cheers iu deri- sion of th ir attempt to capture Alf», ami vanished fioin their si Jit. These ;.ie sup- posed to have been the two men who robb.d 'th« house of Mr. James, on 1'iiday night. 