SYDNEY IN 1828. IN A SERIES OF LETTERS TO A GENTLE- MAN IN LONDON. LETTER I. Nothing can be more striking than the entrance into this noble harbour — not only because it is so remote from all the rest of the world that we are acquainted with, but there is a peculiarity about its stern and jagged jaws, that would make the com- monest observer remember it the longest day he lived.— Like the Port of Passages, which you have seen on the north coast of Spain, Port Jackson presents a short and frowning passage from a stormy ocean to a peaceful lake, it was in the month of June— almost the depth of our Australian winter — that we arrived. It was misty, cold, and uncom- fortable weather at sea; and, during the short run of 500 or 600 miles from Van Diemen’s Land, we experienced several gales of wind, and were ob- liged to heave-to more than once. Wet decks and wet ropes, much tossing and a hazy atmosphere, had kept the passengers a good deal below in the cabin ; and after being five months out from Fal- mouth and so near our destination, it was not to be wondered at if the novelty of a sea life were ex- hausted, and we were beginning to be tired of it. The fact was, nothing but a most excellent table kept us in good humour ; in proportion as we ex- pressed our impatience of the voyage, our Captain very considerately set before us a profusion of those delicious things prepared by Donkin and Co. of London, in the shape of soups, meats, and fruits ; and these, with a little of Hodgson or Taylor, in the way of malt, names that I had never heard of when in London, made the latter part of the voy- age as agreeable as the first. With a good ship and an experienced Captain, and plenty of good things for the cabin table, a voyage to New South Wales is one of the pleasantest things in a man’s life. No dangers, no heat, no cold, touching here, and touching there, a hundred pounds cannot be better, spent — instead of monotonous, it is for ever chang- ing ; and there is something to excite and interest you every hour of the voyage. I consider a trip to Sydney as I used to do the breaking up for the ho- lidays or the long vacation — with nothing to do but eat, drink, and be amused, it would not be very difficult to fancy yourself a member of the Yacht Club — you enjoy the most robust, voracious health, all the voyage — attended, however, with this inconvenience, that while the bell is ringing for church on the quarter-deck, you find every Sunday that your best blue coat is getting smaller and smaller. I wonder, indeed, that people don’t come here for the benefit of their health, if it were for nothing else. Your invalids and ennuyeés, who are moping themselves from London to Brighton, and from Brighton to Cheltenham, find- ing no rest — boring and being bored year after year— would do much better to throw Dr Buchan behind the fire, and call, as I did, on Mr. Buchan- an, the ship broker, and secure a passage to New South Wales. If they did not like it, they might easily go back again— with a fresh lease of life, and an increased capacity of enjoying it — a thousand new ideas and scraps of knowledge which before they never dreamed of — they would return to their friends at any rate with one privilege, worth all the money ; viz. sitting with both legs upon the table of the Traveller’s Club, for having been round the world. — Lisbon is very well, and Madeira is very well, but Sydney is exactly the same climate as those favorite places ; and as it affects invalids, perhaps pre- ferable, on account of its particularly dry air, the in- frequency of rain, and the total absence of all damps and fogs. Besides, in Madeira, though unques- tionably a beautiful little place, what can make up for its dullness and stupidity, after a month’s resi- dence ? After visiting the most extensive and ce- lebrated vineyards, chatted once or twice to the pretty nuns through the iron grating, and rode up to the convent of Nossa Senhora da Monte, nothing remains but the filthy streets of Funchal, and the still filthier habits of the Portuguese inhabitants ; no commerce, no amusements, surrounded by fo- reigners and a foreign language, after a few weeks stay, you are like a fish out of water ; and the only relief is the arrival of the next packet. The same with Lisbon ; though a commercial city, it is not the place for an invalid — he may there look in vain for English comforts ; if he live out of town it is no better, the flavour of the street Boa Vista still follows him— if he wants a rump steak, the butcher sends a lump of carrion — if he wants a little melted butter to his fish, he gets some rancid grease, strong enough to knock you down — the scrapings of some Irish butter firkin— and, instead of the cheerful and cracking blaze of a winter’s even- ing, you are compelled to sit in a large room with your boat-cloak over your shoulders, because forsooth, none of the rooms have got a fire place. The sea voyage, to invalids, is more than half the cure. The trips to Lisbon and Madeira are not long enough. We had a striking proof of this in the case of a fellow-passenger, an officer in his Majesty’s — Regiment, who was hoisted in a chair up the ship’s side, all but dead ; his lank visage, and white emaciated appearance, bespoke the last stage of a rapid decline ; and there was one universal expression of regret among us, that the suffering gentleman, evidently so near his death, should have been brought on board at all. His reaching Sydney was to our minds quite out of the question ; but we were all deceived ; he recovered amazingly ; and before he left Sydney to return to his regiment, as he was only on a short leave of absence, nobody would have suspected that this gallant gay Lothario was the same individual that we received on board our ship a mere spectre. Be- sides, in Sydney, an invalid is surrounded by his own country men and country women— every thing is English ; and who so well as an invalid can estimate the value of those delicate attentions which the English female so cheerfully administers beside a couch of sickness, and all those elegant endearments of domestic tenderness ! The idea of dying, too, among a set of French or Portuguese foreigners, is revolting. “ No friend’s complaint, no kind domestic tear, Pleased his pale ghost, or grac’d his mournful bier, By foreign hands his dying eyes were clos’d ; By foreign hands his decent limbs compos’d.” But this prosing will never do. ’Twas the evening of a bleak and bitter day, that Cape Solander and Cape Banks were said to be in sight ; the passengers left their wine, but when the cuddy door was open, I could discover nothing except that the officer on deck could see better than I could, and that, it was a raw, shivering, sort of afternoon, As there was every appearance of a rough night, the Captain left us to arrange our last whist party by ourselves, and gave orders to the chief officer to keep the ship off and on till daylight. The morn- ing rose in a saffron robe, and the sun, though long in coming, at last leaped out of the sea with a strength and splendour that promised a glorious day. The elegant light house of Port Jackson was not more than four or five miles a head, and the appearance of several small sloops to the north- ward, confirmed the pleasing thought that we were once more near the busy hum of men. Already were the evil associations connected with New South Wales vanishing like smoke from my mind and the desolate and dread idea formerly suggested by the very name of Botany Bay, was already sof- tened down by the brighter reflections of coloni- alisation and commerce, and the future greatness and power of the fine country whose shores I was ap- roaching. As the entrance is very narrow, and our Captain was a stranger to the port, we were anxiously looking out for the pilot, and it was some time before the little cockle-shell of a boat was seen dashing through the spray, sometimes keel out of water on the top of a billow, and then lost out of sight behind a wall of waters. A weather-beaten respectable old man came on board, and ordered a distinguishing flag to be hoisted at the main : we could then see the people on shore repeating the signal, and in another minute or two the good folks in Sydney knew all about us. The waves were now fast pushing us between the North and South Head, and in the space of a few minutes more, from a short heavy sea, we found ourselves in a magnificent harbour as smooth as a mill pond. The contrast between outside and in- side, was almost instantaneous. Unlike the Thames and other river harbours, where you gradually ap- proach the wide low shores of an open estuary, and in an hour or two arrive at the smooth water, the difference here is immediate and most sensible. We were evidently in a new country — all was as yet silent, and in a state of nature— I looked in vain for man, or the works of his hands. Noble expanse of water ! Superb Port ! (who the devil was Jackson ?) where navies might play at ‘ hide and seek’ in your countless coves, though now still and tenantless, the wild roselle must fly fur- ther back, and these immemorial rocks and woods must soon fall down beneath the unconquerable spirit of English enterprise. With your leave, we’ll sail up the harbour in another letter. DELTA. ____________________________________________ , Fokd, a Sydtif y cDn8t.ableof.some m^rit, has' been transferred from the Sydney Police, establishment, to take the duties of district, constable, at Suiter's Forest, in Argyle. , _ 'J lie Brickfii.11 barbie — a -cowardly attempt to assassinate whom was described in our ..last, still' continues seriously indisposed— his life is not pro nounced to be sate.' The man whom trie barber charges with striving to assassinate him, was,- a few. days ago, accidentally apprehended, and is now in custody of the Police— a knife was detected on his /person, which corresponds w ith the gashes inflicted on the back . of the head and arms of the poor defenceless, barber. The accused denies that -there is any truth in the charge against him. ' ' .*- ? The Sydney constabulary are st 11 crying out for pay. Up to yesterday, it is reported, payment ot the monthly s ipend had been over-due lifteen da\s .., ~ i The watch-house, lately completed, near the. Police-office, is well fitted with' Cells, and a com fortable apartment or two' for the reception of per sons on trifling night charges. ' There .s also, on: the outside, a grass plat for the reception of such' stray or other cattle as' it may be nee -ssary' to detain for identification befo-e thePolice. Last Thursday, at the Cattle market, a butcher named Harper, made' purchase of an o\ for ul. the carcase of which, it is said weighed tiewt. Some of the Sydney butcheis are copying after the cockney practice, of sticking its p. ice ur.oi each joint of meat exhibited for saloj _ , COLONIAL BBCU. Tlie' following has been handed us, as?a correct statement of the monthly average of hoghsheads of beer brewed in Sydney ; vu. — at Payne's, Wellington Brewery - ISO hhds. : Wright's, Austral an - - I 15 Buck ton'?. Wool pack -. n ' 106 Salter's, k New - . '- ?-,- -60 Wilson's, Gas-H^ht - - ,-. ' £0 ' Middlctbn's, Nelson - .' - - . ' 30 Average total, - 465 Colonial beer has of late taken a great run— some families giving it the preference to London porter, in respect of being wholesome and pala table, and at the same time cheap—there being an average difference between the current price of both, amounting to so much as fourteen pence ; Colonial beer being currently sold at six pence the quart, while London porter costs twenty pence. We have not been favored with the quantities of pale ale brewed by Messrs. Mackie and Dickson, but should be disposed to consider them very considerable. 