BATHURST. " ON DITS"— FROM-- "Over the hills and far away'' Efforts----awkward ones though by the-it would seem have been, and for aught we know are just now making to settle a sort of a post-office establishment at the settlement of Bathurst ; but the Bathurst settlers, from what they have expe- rienced of its workings hither to, do not seem to be- lieve that the arrangements of this sort of a post- office, are by any means settled to their settled satis action, convenience, pecuniary or other in- terest. No letter leaves the post-office, nor goes beyond the settlement, unless the settler for whom a letter lays there, and who may live fourteen, fifteen, twenty miles, more or less distant from that post- office, travel for it by himself, or by his procurator, as the case may be, every foot of the way to the settlement; so that between the expenses of post- age, and in most cases the inconvenience, added to the expense of travelling himself, or despatching another to the post-office, he is puzzled to say what other advantage has accrued to him from the change of the old jog trot no-post-office system, to the galloping ghost of a new one, than the entailment of an additional expense, without any countervail- ing additional convenience. Perhaps in a country Avhieiiicrtthe populatibii -is so scattered, and often^ times. soirecktse, it'may be. -a'difiicult hiattef to lay /the;:tir^iriCtoP such a. correspomlence as- would ihfi -iiitely facilitate-the gerier'al con vfenieri'ce \yifli reg'n rd r't6-tiie transmission, of - letters-antl packaged, wliich hy^the-nieAv system is meant- to reach the distant' ..setller throwgh the - post-office. * For any natural, .existing; difficirltiesi -jivtlie way of a better, we have. every- disposition, to allow, for the' deficieiYcicjs of the.;pres^eni: system of transmission.;., but why,; till .'TsuclV.flifKGii'ltitjs be snioothed and overcome;, neither ?,'o'f Vwincii' ; ought to be' considered as impratticable— why fcirce «lhe settler to receive his letters,] his pnpers, or the liVce, througli the channel of an inef Iicient:pqs-t, should he find it more to .his own in 'vtTrest?;aBd:: convenience to. have . thsm..ottmrwis.e? Ths Bath-mtst .settiet;s compiain, vatid: tiot \vilho.ut prouh.ds/v- pf - -the inefficiency of . the post-office; y.aicli was established there oslanaibSy for j.^1* ' ' bene/ltj and of , the '.. dark side'of : ipalone hein^-as yet preserited;^piHe:n.t'. ? The post-m^slor at: Bathurs'tis' Archibald ;il'- Ijeocl, J.P!,'lisquirei /An officer brb'ught'a1 prisoner .-'of the Grown before the Police Court at .Bathurst,-o'ne day, a few' weeks ago, for a 'breach of verbal promise, inasmuch aV the man 'had promised cluring bis b-wn hours to.construct for; the. appellant, a child's cot — but not having done so, the gentleman prayed that the ^recusant's name be given in to the Superintendant, in order [that certain indulgences might be 'withdrawn: from, hin), to i which the Magistrates, we are informed, promised to pay .attention. , :?'' , '?'??' [ InJow if tha government . man were not otherwise culpable than asMnay be, gathered from the;foregoingi provided ho clid-no other mischief, he not Being in theligtit of a pauper, chargeable upon a parish, would it not have beuri .more ra tional of the* Bench to say- to -the gentleman under go vern rfhen-t, — '? we cannot,; however much We disapprove of such .confumaeity,. compel a man to empldy the'.iew hours the law leaves him for his own disposal, in. working for anpther, if he dislike it-, and .that.'cotnpulsibn tend to. no general good— ^in br,eakirig his verbal praimse'.-he has made a.sort of breach: ot the laws of honor, and. for. that we.inust.. despise and. mis tru.it, not oppress him !?;'!...,,:„?,' ?_. ',.;'. A severe winter (writes our Bathurst Correspondent) has set in. There is not a fire place in the gaol here,, and the extreme dampness is horrid.1 am 'most creditably informed that iri the winter; season the damp reaches throe feet iip the sides of. the 1 \vall._ 'There is'aV present bn'e'free man. confined for. riot paying' a fine of twerif y-fi ve pouncls ;for,sel !inj? spirits without a license. If is a favor 'if he ever obtains a light of ?tho pipe. ' . .~ / ??'?'!'* /'' ^:. .'??' '.'?'' 'TJ.1 'x*/ ? '?' ':'' ' .; ?'.'. From this gloomy picture our Correspondent turns to ob- serve upon certain festivities with which the Bathurst gentry have bean attempting pour passer le tems the more jocund- ly. That retired veteran from the Police Bench at Parra- matta, Dr. Harris, observes he, appeared at the seat of Mr. Icely, on the 26th ult. The.old gentleman looks well - his Mountain rides agree well with him. On the following Tuesday government-house was in a bus- tle, from the vast preparations a going on therein for a ball and supper, "a propos" to welcome the venerable Doctor. On that eventing all the "beauty and. fashion" of the coun- ty of Roxburgh graced the mansion, and the enlivening band of the worthy Captain Piper kept them on the light fantastic toe, till the morning sun had nearly fired the east- ern plains.— There was a species of tremefaction current, least the frisking of the fair assemblee would be bringing an old house about their ears ; but the old mansion, which has braved for years the battle and the breeze, stood it well, with- out permitting a straw to escape from its venerable thatch ment. We are sorry to announce, that the lady of a noted cheese vender put out her ancle while tripping it down a country dance. An additionaUgrazier has come ambngst us,: a young gen-, tleman not yet but of hisj,teefis, thesori of a bianch of our -Colonial ndbil;ty (vulgatim — riob3V and lias contrived, it is said, already to pick up threa thousand acres of beautiful land. It is reported he has ftifde a ^purchase from a large stockholder of three hundred head of choice 'horned cattle. ' ' '.; !IIe- would-be-a-publican was on the '27th ulti fined the' sum of twenty-fiveipounds sterling for' selling' spirits without ^a'.lieehje. , . :* ? : ? -.-? ?-': Ba'thurst and; its; vicimty'has. experienred a very heavy fall of rain for three days. 'It has put; the farmers in a little better spirit than they have been for. this some time past.- — : The fields^ now. begin (writes our Correspondent,) to echo ?with the ploughman's song. ?? ' ' ? ;. ? ; , Mr. Hawkins sells flour from his own mill at three pounds per cwt.. William Robinson; an assigned servant to Mr. Cheshire, a settler, was brpught^'bsfore -lhe' Bathurst Police Bench lately, on a charge of g-rossly. abusing1 and .otherwise mal treating one Ralph Gregory, an old man abdnt fifty years of age,' and- being convicted thereof;' was- sentenced to be sent itosuch penal-, settlement : as hi3 Excellency the 'Governor ? may direct, for a term of two yearsJ ' -. ^.. Ithas.been hi.ntul .to;usras a nieasure likely to prove ad 'yantageons, .if the; goyejnment could be brought to direct a proper attention to the cattle 'pounds on the other sider6f the ^Mountains.- ,*. ?. -^':' -^'v .;' '. . ? ?':-:.s) y-: 'The'eyesof the Bathurst 'settlers were, made to :: glisten the ?dtherday.'on' look ing -to wards a.large front \yindow, of . Mr. Macjeod's^r haying thereoriiiri .w.oriderfuHy large . character?,' Pbst-'Office^- 'and -three small letters;peepirig,acrpss :as many spacious paries;oF- glass.' ^V/'-vr^\\. ..';...?;-? : '_. .-.;'' fr It is; a'pity' (bbserve'3 bur; Correspondent) that out of the ? eight or nine J.'P's. here,r sprne';one;.:or two, cannot-take.it in turnip assist the principal- magistrate : occasionally, or con ?tfive' matters better. than' to beaf'times allaway, engaged hi biisli- excursibns,-;and visiting their stock ^stations in parties. At one-time the J.'P'scbme.in^suchiibody to render . it not easy to find'ehairs enough for ; them _at anoiher-.tirrie Ilieie are found plenty of . chairs laying in the way, but no. J. P's.' The other day a case was to be. heard, but the sitting magis trate could, hot enter' mto.if,'as there were riot any of liis ?brother magistrates present; '^ -. : . ' - '; - - ;'_'?' A shock of an earthquake is said to have been felt by the settlers on the banks of the Macquarie River, on Tuesday the 18th of March. It is reported.. that. Chief Constable Blackman ha3 received an order to. deliver up' to the informer, Michael Pqwer, what cattle wereremairiing in his charge^ which, partly or wholly, Power. has hhpself. ackridwleciged to'haVe stolen. ' A' house, capable pf afTording. to travellers and their beasts very comfortable accommodation and'other. refreshment after a journey, -has. been rccentlyope'ned at Bathurst, as a public ,h_ouse, and is in good trade. .' The landlord hangs- put for his ?TB'?gn— .«' The Bathurst Arms'— not the Cat and Bagpipes, as :we were about christening the. house. 