Shipping Intelligence The brig Connor, Captain Finnis, arrived from London and the Cape of Good Hope on Saturday evening. She sailed from Loudon on the 9th of August, and the Cape the 3d of January. Her cargo comprises a blood horse, 206 Saxon sheep, and a general investment of valuable merchandise. Passengers. J, Hook, Esq owner, who intends to settle here, being accompanied by, Mrs. Hook, and 5 children, with domestics ; Master and Miss Curlewis ; Mr. and Mrs. Parker, and 2 children ; and Mrs Sutton. The Australian Company's ship Greenock, Captain Miller, from Leith and Hobart Town, arrived yesterday. This vessel's arrival in the sister Colony has been already announced. She brings a cargo of choice merchandise. Pas- engers , Miss Dickson, Mr. Ogilvie, Mr. and Mrs. Paterson and 4 daughters; Mr and Mrs. Forsyth, &c.; together with a Mr. Silbol and two steerage passengers from Hobart Town. No new arrivals at Hobart Town. The Government schooner Isabella, Cap tain Fisk, also arrived from Western Port with stores, &c; from that settlement, which has been broken up. Passengers, Lieutenant Taylor and l8 soldiers of the 57th Regt, with 31 women and 8 children, together with Mr. Ord, storekeeper, and 31 prisoners. The colonial brig Waterloo arrived last night from Van Diemen's Land with a full cargo of Tasmanian wheat -so that bread will continue cheap. On Saturday arrived from Launceston, whence she sailed the 12th ult. the schooner Hetty, Captain Hassell. Lading, 285 bushels of wheat, 76 sheep, 60 bales of wool, and sundries. The Hetty also brings 3 passengers. The ship North Briton sailed, for India, on Thursday last. On Friday last sailed, for the Hobart Town and the Cape of Good Hope, the brig Woodlark. Emigration.-Tho Public will he gw ? tifiod lo leam, Hutt lho cjicouiugoinriitH held -out lo Officer« in the Army, lo einig ra lo lo these shores, is no longor-coillined ««x* lusivoly to the Military, us it might not, but under'a reccet Regulation, em.iunliii-; from the (.'oin- j ninl Department, now umbra« es llio Olliceiu of tho Navy-auo'lur highly respectai».o ««Ins« «if men, who will give »lability, and ¡did to tit« loyalty, ii that were possible, of tho present rapidly inereiisin: popula I ion of Aus- tralia. By perusing (ho subjoined R. gula tioiis on this interesting suhjei t, our Readers will peri- eivo that wo may shonly expect re- tiring " OHicoivs of tho Boyal Navy mid ? Annes" in iibtinrisnce, it Uti their families. his worthy class of heroes aro i dohted to tit«cons deration of His Royal Highness llio Lord High Admiral, willi whose wishes, in this nuneri, His Majesty's Principal ,* ocro tary of Slate for the Colonies very.promptly 'Min considerately m«jinesutd. Thone Regula tioim du not apniy to any rank inferior lo that "(if Captain in lim Anny. " AtlmimUff Office, TIM Aunmt, 1HÜ7 " HU Majesty's Prhirlpitl Srrietary ol' Slate for the Colonial Depatluiciit, lit vin-: coiniminlr.iled to ? lils Beyal tllgiii.es« ihr- L«rd High A.lmiral, the Huies which Ills Majesty's Government have laid «Iowa lor ret;dinting t'c giant« «if la d in'the Colo- nies of New South Wales and Van Diemen1« Lou', ' to'pénoits proreei-ing Hellier in Settler», and having acceded to the stigitcsllon of III» Koyul Highness, that it would he tlcsliu'dn to encourage Olli« ers ol' the Boyal Navy mut Marines, of rank not interior to . Options in the Army, to liccome settlers in that Colony,by holding out to Ihrm superior itilvautaps, In considérât ion of thor services ; Ills Itoyal High- ness the IawiI Hin'» Admiral hereby makes known to the (hikers of tim Itoyal Navy ami Marines, ranking as altovc, thal tin- regulations established hy His Majesty's Gnvernmrnl for Ihr encouragement ol' Otlircrs on Inilf-pay, »etlliug in New South Wales . And Van Dioau-n's Land, are as folio«s ; viz.-. «Ollireis-of nil uuiks on hulf.piiy.ire allow««) to «.migrate, ami ure not required to makr'uiiy ilepnsit as scctuHy» tim intention bring thal they shall obtain î grants of lands willum! purchase, subject, however, .to the condition« hcrcaialler specilird ; viz " The rémission ol' «put-rent shall take pi ice for a .certain number of years liryoml the average period . which is prescribe«! in the case of ordinary settlers, according to the following »rale : « Officers «if the standing ol' twenty years and up. .warda, to he exempt from all «pnt-rcnt, .« Officer* of filtwn years standing and upwards, , lint short ol' twenty years, to bo exempt from quit vent for the first twenty j «tars " Olliccrs ol ten yon standing and upwards, but short ol' fifteen year-, to bo exempt from quit-rent for the first filtern years. v " Officers of seven years »funding and upwards, but sWt «if len ycS>, to be exempt from quit rent for .ths' first leo years. »"No Officer to bo eligible.under seven years' ser- vice, nur any who c.tuiiot produce satisfactory testl . motiláis .t»f goud conduct and umpiestionitble cha- racter. " o lit other respects, the conditions on \s hich the grants arc made, to be similar lo those which ure now . in operation in New South Wales' .* » The Officer lo whom land is granted, shall cater into a bond, Hutt he, or his lamily shall reside for at . least sewn years in the »eltleuirnt, and the grunt shall not lie allowed to hu sold by him, until he shall ' lic>eniirtcd^o have expended upon ita capital equal rto tullí its value, as that value was estimated when the . 4*rsht wits irmile. ? «' Far instance, supposing the grant to lie two huri ; tired «cres, at tl>c estimated value of us. per acre, the. individual will not be allowed to sell it until hn shall lit reported to have expended fir» upon it. lu Hie .trent, however, of his death taking place before the " expenditure of capital already alluded to, «he grant ? will-he continued to his heirs, hut subject to the ful. Aiment of the conditions under which he hhnsell \- eield the grant. ' «» The quantity of land to be received hy Ofltcers v will be in the «ame proportion to their capital, as in tho case of ordinary settlers; but until un accurate valuation has been'made of the lands throughout the Colony, nuil an ni-rnigc prire shall he Used for e.icti ""-'Furlsh, it Is not possible for the Colonial IK-piutnient to lix any quantity of l.tn«l which any individual may be able to obtain io proportion to his capital. "« " The qiinntity ol' l.-ml to hu grunted, must depend entirely upon the value which that lund, either from locitl circinus* «nccs, «ir fruin its peculiar character, '.hliiy possess «, and thir, It must bo tt ideal, can only be «Iclerumii'd m the Colony. " The OIHeer who m.ty avail himself of this offer, will he required to provide for his own pits-UK« < -".«. hut ol' his family, to Ute Colony. - M T1it> onlluwy rMe« of na»«» gc are the followlnft. ni fur mow lu? «ollict««! fiom 1lie he«t »oiirrc» ol' lii ,1'oriiiMtluti willed have lircit'aii'i'lc«! loi To Sow South Widen. . Cullin. ¡KIM 10 0 rllerrii(((:. 40 0 0 To Yan JHtmivid f.auil. failli. A'AI 0 0 Sir« «ne1. 35 0 0 " livery thing "applied to Ihr piunriiurm, cxrrpl hrdding l'Kll« ileductril from cnkiii, and XT» Iruio Jj ntt'cragr piimuiies, in «.'dur ol' «,1111111 mid Iii« wife oil'U- j py'ng one tirrill, Children ol'f'ourlrrii yriir«, pay lim «nine »« «tliills From 0 to III.'. i ». [> ., H. j ijènvy RU"il,, iii prï lo.'. " .. 'l, y , ,, 11 AlriiHiirriiiriil gnml« 16 «till» \ ," " Hy Couiinuiul ol III« Uovnl lli|rlinr««, pr ".I. VV. C'ltOKIiH." St The Publie, \>e »re «hIíhO«'«! will, ne- " knowledge it in tpiite untmcrsHiit'y I lint tiny T (.liibornlo replica'ion nhould de offered in (ll] referetico to llu« «otidiu'l of Ide rx ^heiiff, and dis alleged inlrutlticliuti «if Ide Ennuici |iÍhIh lo (lie .liirv-dnx. If Mr. Macklin«'«« P" vnis cither directly or imlirecly Um cause «if |»< no viihiub'c ti Bcrviee lo Ide Country, In V» would do tim fust to recorvo our uiiipialdied I lunik i. bul, imlil ide fact is provi «I to our .mtinfaetion, We hIiiiII can 'milo lo iiiaiiiluiu (hal hiicIi an iiNBcrlion is any thing but true. W«< have no dcNÍrn to deprive any one oí his M'cll.ciiiiicd heroins, btu wo «Indi never fail lo tear from the brow of any party llml may hhhuiiio Idem, Umso Uniréis lo which (hoy am no1 ontided. Mr. Mackaiioss carno to lids Colony in ide mitldlc of 1824-? Mr. tVlacka ik'hs is Maid to be a 1awi»«r--and yet Mr. MnckiinoKii, iiotwillistiinriiiig all his legal ac «Hiit'cmentu, was ko great a frii m1 to the F.maiicip stn, if we aro to believe the /Im trillion, ¡is to cue'udo linn ronpeclable and wealthy i'Iiihh of Colonists from I ho .lory-box for the space ol Hire« years and upward« ! Atul hi" huh»* wo happen lo have attributed the abolition of IIiím cxcludim* hvnIciii Io a more Hu« Australia« is willim; lo allow, we aro told ii iv not Mr. MackaiicHs, or any one ».I-»', lliul tlie Euuiiu ipisfs aro under nbliga tiou for the removal of wdat they justly con «idcrcd a nligtmt, but "ii is "«toil old English law Hint tliey dave to be thankful to !" In »Iced ! Tdeti whv did not Mr. Mackunda, m lion Sheriff, »ml a Barrister into llu« bar- gain, not ma ko this «I se.ovcry of " unod old Eng!¡nIi law" prior lo tim year 182H, and before Hie rolinunont from publie life of flint ( .cntlcmati look place ? May we also be bold enough to enquire, how it was that Messrs. Wardell and Wentworth, who had been fee'd by the Emancipists, and who once or twice affected to create extraordinary blus- terring in favour of the rights of these Co- lonists-we ask dow it wau thal I hese ¡mr vttliifr fratium, willi all Iheir p o'luidity in Ide law, m lum Id no1 dave fallen in willi ide ?' gooil «ild English law" for which it is said tlmt lim Emancipists "have to do thank- ful lo." This acknowledgment 011 Hie part «if Dr. Wardell sayi as I Hie for dis know- ledge as a lawyer, ¡is it «lues for dis recollne liotias an '«d'or; and we have no doubt lim Emancipist» will ho as much nslotiisded as ourselves when Hiey duly weigh the «ubicc-f, that emla in prufess:otud (icutlemon, who dad recieved their fee to support and enforce their rights,, should not only dave failed in doing ho, bul, what h more singular, (hat I hey should uni have been let into the secret for Hu» spare of nearly four years, that they (tim Emancipists) bad a righi lo a seat in the Jury-box according lo "good old English law." The Emancipists, however, wo sup. lit» e, did «i í rome »/otin* with the dumps iiiitiilsomidy enough, «ir else we mi^ht have heard f-oiiiolliing about thin (¡aid "good old English law" at len«it three years ago; whereas now (hey have Hie pleasure of being favoured willi the information «/¡'cv Hie pos- session of their right has not «inly been ac- knowledged, hut the benefit« arising therefrom universally admitted. The ex Sheriff too, also was so great a friend to the Emancipists, if wo are to believe tim Australian, as to pre-' vent Hiern from entering Hie Jury-box, though he, anti Messrs. Wentworth and Wardell, could put their fingers at any time upon " the »»nid «dil English law," we repeat it, not- withstanding the ex Sheriff's very great regard for the FuiiiiifipUts, tlu«y wer«« kept out of the Jury box, willi Messrs. Wein world and Wardell as tdeir ailvoentes, fur three years, in defiance of the " g«md old English law !" We sim 11 not extend this topic, hut it will re «liiiresonic moro powerful pen than that which Hil« tim Avsirulian, to convine«* Hie Eman- cipists, that the existing Const ¡tilted Autlio rities ate not more friendly disposed lowanls .their best interests, than Hie conductors of tlie Austutluvi have hitherto proved themselves. If a vaeeillaliug kimi of policy-an iuexpli cable «pertes «if trimmin :-couhl bo thought to have advanced or supported their interest«, then indeed »he Australian, and all connecte«! with ii, dave been efficient friends to that de- serving class of «. olonists. That desideratum so \imx required in the Colony-we mean the (¡eneml Fust Office upon au extended seale-is on the eve of being brought into operation forthwith. The Regulations for the guidance ol' the (¡eneial Postmaster, anil his «lepan utetU throughout the Cohny, dave just been printed. Deputy P«ist Ollie«'« will ho opened at Pair.unalla, Windsor, Liverpool, Camphcll-town, l'en rilli, Newcastle, &e.; in each of which towns respectable and competent individuals will he iioiiiinuted a-, Poslmasters. The hour« of attendance at the various P«ist Offices will be, in summer, from 7 lol)-11 to 1-mid 4 to and 3 to 5. Newspaper«, if forw arded by the |M)si, will have to pay one penny ; hut whe- ther td« subscribers to the Journals will con- sent to pay thi» triflo for the sake of obtain- ing their papers regularly and qu ck, or whether they will b«* liberal enough to eall upon the publishers lo pay it for then», is a que.-tion Hint will have to be solved. We are of opinion that the subscribers in the interior should heartily rejoico in, the opportun.ly thus affot'ded them, of securing the /Vi tv.v at so cheap »ml certa n 11 rate, by which means the b«'st interests «if the whole Country, and especially those «if the settler, will be mate- rially ««nhaucid. We know ol no step more commendable, on Ide part of Tut; Airruo itmi.s, tdan lim putting of this important machine iii minion, and we dave little dotil>t it will soon he appreciated as an in aUiahio fa'our conferred upon a gratefiil'Cüinimuiiiy. The Bank op New South Walk-.- re Uoillly Wo eun'not help felic-itttiiiu this lnsti- I»1 tution «pon tho easy method it Im« lately " disroored of trammeling bus'iies« in llio way i)f of disrotmlM. Though the Old Bank has long R been declared abolished, ;md »ho Cha?(ern nullity, and uiitwiHisluurimj; that tho Now Deed, miller which thu Hunk at present acts, continues unsigned by numbers of Proprie- tors, still ibu Institution exists from week to week, just as well as when ii hid no rival to couti nd willi, ntiri possessed all lim (I «posits in the land, independently of which many of (ho principal and oldest Proprieloi ii are complet ly sot at defiance-their monies minified in the Bunk-mid themselves genteelly laughed tit ! This i« what wo cull doing tiling« in styl«, and that with a vengeance. Is Ihn Bank of New Soul h Wales, miller tho New Deed, as yet or ganizeil, wo would ask ? What is the a nenin t of positivo capital, al Ibis moment, in the Rank ? Who are the Proprietors, and what ure their numbers } And ia the capital, upon which business is now being conducted, even so rcapet'tublo and ellicient iib thal which ena- bled the Bunk to c rry on bimiiros« under the iiiicieiil nairne ? Th se ure «jueslioris wo put for the salto of tim Public ; for llio sake of I hose Proprietor«», who caimot with- draw their eapil I, but whoso capital iiovei' theless is now used for lite benefit of a purl, a ve y small portion, of tho Proprietors ; and moreover we put these interrogatories for the liou'/ur and safety of the lnslitti ion itself. The I li.rd month is now entered upon since the majority «»f the Proprietors wore con- temptuously trealed, und wo think it high timo that public opinion bedail lo bo res- pected. \\\ e will no long<-r a,low these tilings to slumber, for ii bccouiOH every ejected Pro- prietor to insist upon the immediate witli (Irawuient of bia capital; and for ti is solid and sound reason. One of Hie Bunk Diroc lois-good-natured mm) I-bad Ile liberality lind condcice.isioii lo «ilTcr a respectable Pro- prieloi-, who holds foin '20 lo nulos at four, eight, and twelve months, at i'A ii, without interest, for the whole of his shares, and as the story goes, which we be- lieve to bo authentic, tri we have I he trunes before us, actually wished lo stipulate »hal all the in rears, which were «lue lor dividends, &e;, should be included in (his eery liberal o/frr AT pa it ! ! ! What does Ibis go lo advance in reference lotbo Bunk of Now South Wiri««« - either (hal the Institution is uta very low obb-or, (hat (his liberal, we lind nearly said, and learned Director, thought a fair opportu- nity presented itself ol' striking an admirable bargain ! Hu» this wily Director met willi hi» match-one who happens t«> bo as great uti ae'ept in pounds, shillings, and pence, and ( the main chance, as the Con loman now pas- sing in " our mind's eye." Such an offer as this, coining from «me of tho Director« loo, call» for prompt mid rigid scrutiny into the affairs ol' an Institution tiiat once wa» in so prosperous a cotiditiou, but which now lau-' I guishes, and is on the eve of givin > up (ho ( ghost, Huies» riel'erenc« bo had ti the pub- j , lie opinion, und a little cominoii decency lie manifesto«! towards titos«: Proprietors, and some of the em liest and wealthiest loo, whose counsels have hitherlo boen so coiileinpluoiitriy regarded. If it were no1 for throe, perhaps four, in the Institution, it would long since have been annihilated, or merged into a more private and iiieliicicnt Itauk, and upon ita fall ?mother more liberal and wealthy, as nell a» united Itistiluli ii, would, ero this, have started into bein^, from ils embers. This oflor of 4, 8, and 12 mouths, on Lie putt of a Director, has done moro to opon our eyes, than all the UMiry, it has been our painful duty, from lime lo tim ., lo lay beforo the Public. We cordially trust that the eyes o' tim Proprietors may no longer bo closed, und that their energies may cease to slumber. The Direction will have to succumb to the foo ii tigs of the insulted Proprietors; if not, the capital ol' the re! icing «»reject«1«! Proprietors must be hnuricil «iver forthwith,and another Bank will iinuturiialely be started. Bul, in the event of i's being viewed as logul and practicable that the Pro- prietors, whose voice no longer posai sues any charm', can be deprived of their capital, un- til the Institution is capable of refunding the same by instalments, (hen, we predict, that the Bank will at once close, inasmuch as its all'airs will forth willi be wound tip;11 ' Never wore men more infamously trifled with than the Proprietors of that lustittilion, who have hitherlo very propeny abstained from ce operating willi some people, in whom they cannot repose conlideuce, tlion-h there ino some even amongst the number of Hum», who will ever live in the fondest recollections of their fcllow-< olonists, and are esti-omeri such men of honour, that they would rather part willi 1 fe itself (han with their fair fame. Some such characters yet adorn the Institu tntHMij « hilst lhere are others who enjoy the unreserved honour (full well they know it !) of being detested by the Public. Still wo wish li tim Institution wo.I, of which wo will a ¡lord a s ibstuntial proof, when we witness itiat re re form which is ho much anti universally de ir sired. But the Directors, even willi a .Ioni-'s, \y a Raink, u De Mi.srai'. &.. will not be at able io direct the helm of so fragile a bark, ns unless the whole of (he ship's company are id once more admitted on board, and sumo «d' e- the present officer» relieved ol' their duty, re whilst new re .illations, au I a greater coinp.e ti i nient ol'o beers, in proportion lo ihn increased ni j burden of the vessel, will' be requisito (o I't guard against, and olT'etnally put down, every ile lu uro mut in y that uiiglil arise. The ship y.l icijui.-es a fiosh outlil-tho c-plain must hu m elected, and snell of the mate« tis may be thought worthy of trust and confidence, al- lowed lo retain their hirihs, whilst those who have iiiifldetnciuied tlieinselves must either go before the mast, or hw diamisHori the service. By such means as these, however thin and mea4re-like tia: crew may hi: at thin moment, there will be an overwhelming number of volunteer«, willmot ide necessilv of impress- ment, and the ui'inher will no1 «inly de rcs rnolably completed, but every fore mast man (ldnt is, the Proprietor'.) wiil look forward lo their share of prize-money with some degree of gralificalioii, whereas now, as there's little or no dividend, t1 e prize money has almost ceased, (.'«mu«, cheer up, lads ! Let« «mt w blithcse land-lubbers-these loblolly-boys and hy attending to the " I'roviilrnre that sit« up aloft, "To keep watch for Hie lil'»-of poor Jack," tim old weall,t'r-hcalcn dark, now almout a wret-l', will soon fie rightid. By a liiimly intention lo the repair of every rotten plank, she will become a» sea-worthy a» ever; anti thou .di Ide distant shore« of Golconda may no1 de visited lor specie, uevcrtlicless, in Australia, her coffers will uotf.il of hastily beenming replenished. We shall «non ascer- tain whellier the necessary repairs and altera- tion« aro attended to aller tlíese hinls, anti wden ide Public peiveivo dow admirably the oilier Banking ink floats alum der pro«. perons courue---not yet two year«*' old-it should stir up Ide edi hands to set their fa- vorite off in der former gallant style. If liol-ii no1-we prophecy Huit a wreck, anil a ' iioefnl wre,ck, will «nor ly be the r««i tilt. Once more the alarm has In cn sounded-let it ho allende«! lo ; bur, for the sake of common «lecency, we arc not anxious to hear any Ihm.» further »hool 4,8, and l¿ mouths, without ¡nièrent. Wn think we see the vessel striking ; and it really give« us the horrors ! DR. DULHUNTY. We are called upon to announce the death of this Gentleman, which took place rather suddenly on the evening of Friday last. It appears that the deceased was walking up George-street with his son, when a pain seized him in the head. He called in at Mr. Malcolm's, the apothecary, with a view of procuring relief by some hartshorn, when the pain became so violent a to deprive the lamented Gentleman of his facul- ties. He was immediately conveyed to Sir JOHN JAMISON's apartments, at Mr. Bo denham's where, notwithstanding the utmost professional skill, on the part of Dr. Mcleod, Staff Surgeon, Dr. DULHUNTY breathed his last about half-past eight o'clock. The deceased leaves an afflicted widow, an amiable daugh- ter, and two sons, exclusive of a numerous circle of highly respectable friends, to be vail the sudden loss which Society has sustained in one of its useful and honorable Members. Apoplexy was reported lo have occasioned death, but we have since been informed that it was produced by an attack of the gout, to which the Doctor had for in many years been subject. The promenade in Macquarie place, con- tinues to attract numerous visitors on the evenings of Monday and Thursday in each week. The enlivening strains of martial music, and the cool freshness of the evening air, draw groups of visitors " All abroud to gaze." Constables are stationed at each entrance, who have orders to admit all classes of well drest persons within the enclosure ; and so anxious are the Public to avail themselves of a pleasing and rational amusement, which is thus so considerately afforded them, that "night's sable mantle" frequently spreads its ample folds o'er all around, 'ere the grati fied spectators think it time to behave them- selves to their respective habitations. "Joy no seldom wears a chain Like this to night, that, oh ! tis pain To break its link so soon." Mrs. Darling honoured the promenade with her presence on Monday evening last. It not usual with us to notice the pro- ductions of those individuals who furnish the columns of our contemporaries with occasional letters but we observe that Mr. Martin Wil son, the ex-under-gaoler, complains of having been dismissed from his situation "without any cause for such dismissal being assigned;" we will, for once, condescend to put the afore- said Martin right. In place then, of Martin Wilson having being dismissed without a cause being assigned, we are authorised to say that he was dismissed for repeated acts of drunken- ness, and that he was previously warned of the consequence which would result from a repetition of the offence ! As to the present state of the gaol, the prisoners can best testify whether their condition is not much bettered since Mr. Carler entered upon the duties of Sheriff. Their food is improved, not only in quantity, but in quality ; and the reason is, because the present under-gaoler, by the ex- press order of the Sheriff, is obliged to see the rations weighed every morning, so that it is impossible for any sort of peculation to go on, or in fact any thing wrong to be countenanced or winked at. Mr. Jones, an Australian by birth, and a very clever ship-builder, on Thursday last launched a beautiful modelled vessel, of 30 or 40 tons, in Darling Harbour. We have be fore had occasion to notice the skill and en- terprise of Mr. Jones, who is not singular in his calling, since numbers of the native youth seem to prefer ship building to any other trade. We only dope that encouragement may be proportioned to the exertion and ca- pacity of those Sons of Australia, who reflect honour upon their country. A bullock, or a hull, we know not which, look it into his head to grow a little infuriated on the evening of Friday last, and whilst being driven along Prime-street, suddenly escaped from his drivers or pursuers, and took a direction down Charlotte-place into George street. Several people were knocked down by the beast, and one or two gored in the legs. Fortunately there were no poor children or women in the reach of the enraged animal, who was determined on carrying all before him, when some person or other judged it ex pedient to put an end to such breaks by the ?id of a musket. As soon as a few tragic events take place, but not before it would seem, butchers will fall in with the reason ableness and humanity of driving their cattle to Wilshire's slaughtering go-downs, contigu ous to the Steam-engine in Darling Harbour, by which wise step the possibility of casualty would be avoided. 