To the Editor of The Australian. "A quila non captat muscas." "An eagle does not catch at flies." Mr. Editor, An erudite scholar, a dignified mind, and a thorough divine, deigns not to notice, but smiles contempt upon those critic flies, of whose intellectual vision the feeble ray scarce spreads an inch around. Of this description is the short- sighted Spectator, who has been endeavouring to sting and worry the late black Tommy, and others, for the sake of narrow- minded vanity, and the applause and laudings of a party, who have devoted themselves to the ignoble views of partiality and bias. If the Spectator's pericraneum be as ob- scure as his reasoning, it might well be said, that he has, made his observations through a "camera obscura." — Me- thinks that I hear him now, enquiring of all his acquaint- ances— "have you read letter the 1st, in the Gazette, of the 4th instant? (with affected caution.) Do you know who has written it? he must be a very learned man to com- mence a series of letters! And now, let me hear your opinion of letter 1st.? A quizzing wag replies, I think that that letter will annihilate all the Papists in the colony — put an extinguisher on the two Priests - start a corner stone from the thundering Vatican -cause an explosion in its adamantine basis - send the Pope to appear in " propria persona" before the Tribunal of Judge Rhadamanthus, and bury old Mother Church in the general ruin! The Spectator's bosom now swells up, and, he becomes big of himself — mo- desty swings from her moorings, and launches out on the bloated surges of self conceit— " nolens volens," it must come out ; to contain himself any longer is impossible. " I am the autfnir (boasts he), -t[f the Spectator; and the- .suc- ceeding letters will be improving in geometrical progression.' rhen the wag leers a smile, and mutters, by my Z— nds it is much wanted ; there is room for improvement: ' quid, iuperbit terra et cini3' why boast you, indeed, dust and ' fishes ! Nqw, of the Spe. tator'-. letter 1st, — I say what Virgil^ laid ofVthe two poetasters, Bavius, and Mcevius^— he who, ioes not despise your 1st letter, may he have the penalty of being in love with the others. ' Qui Bavium non odit, nuat tua carmina.Mavi.' Ad rem. . Mr. Spectator avows ; in letter the 1st,— ' that Calvin came out of the Church of Rome, with the belief of its being the ' Antichrist,'' ' the: man. of sin,' ' the iniquity from the time of the Apostles,' &c.7; but be it remarked, he forgot to call her 'the whore; of Babylon,' I suppose, in order to blink us from prying into, the notorious passions by which Luther and Calvin had been actuated in their revolt and defection from the Parent Church, and had raised the standard of defiance to every moral restriction, church discipline, and every other primœval ardinance that was opposed to their innate impetus for li centiousness. Calvin opened the sluices, and, alas !!! the greater portion of Europe have ever since continued to drink; too freely of his inebriating cup. ' Sat nimis prata biberunt.' I would put a few queries to this learned Spectator. He has admitted that Calvin, his Evangelist, his Patriarch, and his. Pope, -came out of the embryo of our old Mother, the Catholic . Church. If the Roman Catholic Church had been Calvin's venerable progenitrix, she, in course, must have been his mother also; and if she had been his first parent, why call her Antichrist ? the man of sin ?— why call his grandmamma such infamous names? If such be his pedigree, he should, not relate it, for by the fact he defames himsejf. According to the general maxim, ' mala soboles, inaloruin parentum,' ' bad parents, bad children.' The Spectator acknowledges in his letter 1st — that Christ is head of the Universal Church, which is the pillar of truth ; he must be either competent or incompetent to govern that Church, which is the " pillar of truth,'' according to the Spectator's own concessions ; but, it cannot be that Christ is incompetent to govern and direct his Church, for that would be to deny his power and wisdom as God. And if Christ be a competent head and ruler over his Church, and the Church the pillar of truth, I call upon the Spectator to explain to the public, whom he has endeavoured to seduce, by false and insidious calumnies of the Catholic Church, how it could be possible that the Church of Christ could err— lapse at any period from the providence of the omni- potent and omniscient head ; and how the pillar of truth could become the pillar of error, unless, Spectator supposes that the Head of the Church has fallen asleep upon his post ; and that during his trance, Divine Veracity neglected his duty, and his vigilance— and that the pillar of truth has become the staff of superstition and falsehood? No, the seces- sion from the true Church originated thus : that a portion of the subjects of the Church, like lawless, incorrigible mem- bers of a family, had been cut off, and disinherited, because of their contumacy, and for having violated their faith, fealty, and charity with the constitution of the Church, she was ne- cessitated, for the safety and preservation of those who re- mained stedfast and faithful to their allegiance, to expel from her bosom, and from her pale, all those that, were re- fractory and rebellious. If some, branches of the living tree of the Church have become withered and decayed, yet, by the amputation of such mortified limbs, the parent flock has been preserved pure and sane, free from disease or mortification. Where, are now the disciples of Simon, Magus, Montanus, Phocius, and particularly Donatus whose extensive heresy flourished for about three hundred years? Calvin's fabric is not yet so old. These, and a thousand others, have passed away like a shadow, being subject to perish like their mortal founders, leaving to posterity only, the recollection of their novelty, and inglorious names — while the Catholic Church outlives them all, like her founder, glorious, and triumphant ; a stupendous Appenine, against whose basis the storms of persecution have burst in vain, which time cannot crumble, nor revolution change — and against which, the gates of Hell can never prevail— but still remains firm on the rock, immu- table, and unchanged, the relic of what was, and the solemn, sublime momento of what must be. Well it becomes the orthodox Calvinist, to upstart such opprobrious epithets, and attempt to fling the slime of his slanderous tongue on the Catholic Church, which Christ calls his Immaculate Spouse. The Catholic Church is not like the Spectator's, spurious, and adulterated ; his is pye- balled, bespotted like the panther ; ours uniform, and spot less, like the hind. A word with the Spectator concerning black Tommy. What instructions Mr. Spectator, can Christian parents or guardians confer on an infant, who dies immediately after his birth? none ; because he is not sufficiently matured to know the faith, and to practise it ; yet, you would baptize him! but black Tommy was in a similar predicament, for, he being then, in a few minutes, to depart this life, the obligation of learning and practising the Christian faith and religion, became to him impossible, as it is to an infant, according to the hypothesis, and to be a catechumen, (or as you would have it), " to believe, and to be baptized ;" therefore, if you should not let the infant pass into eternity without baptismal character, " a pari," you should not let poor Tommy go without his credentials, and not send him before his God, as a child of wrath, in which state are born all the race of Adam, according to St. Paul, " nati sumus filii iræ," when it was in your power to impress upon his soul the best seal of redemption. ' Nisi quis renatus fuerit ex aqua et spiritu sancto, non potest introire in regnum dei," — unless one is born of water, and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter into the kingdom of Heaven. Now, my learned Spectator, I have done with you for the present. I shall only refer you to the ninth book of the Æneidos, that I consider the clergyman who baptized black Tommy, bound, both by candour and honor, to address you, in the words expressed by Nisus to save Euryalus, his com- panion, when he saw him with surprize in the hands of the Rutuliaus, their enemies, Nisus exclaimed, "non est sed ego qui fuci in me convertite ferrum," 'tis not he, but I, have done the deed; from him avert your sword, and turn it upon me, it was no other than I, that baptized poor Tommy. By giving insertion to this letter, in your valuable Journal. you will much oblige, Mr. Editor, Yours, &c.; NISUS. 