TO THE EDITOR. REVIEW OF "THE WANDERER," A POEM Published in a late COLONIAL ADVOCATE. (CONTINUED FROM OUR LAST.) In pourtraying manners and characters, as well as painting the more exquisite scenery of nature, this poet seems equally happy, as appears from the following group, the description of which is highly characteristic and original:— "At length he stood upon the shore, Where raging billows foam and roar-— He saw black ships ride o'er the deep; He heard the wretched exiles weep— He saw them land—he marked their mein; The eye that seem'd to lurk for prey— The villain's scowling look was seen Upon the face of young and grey; They look'd as practis'd guilt, and time Had blotted out their sense of crime, Yet some there were that shunn'd the gaze Of passers by, with looks of shame; They seem'd as if their guilty days Were young, and who could blame The crimson that o'erspread their face, That told them was remains of grace? But what are those, yon jovial crowd, That stun your ears with laughter loud? Hear how lewd jests float on the gale, The horrid curse, and obscene tale! Good God! they're women, sent to bless The arms of man in Paradise! * * * * They pass'd the dreamer, and the sneer Of pride, and the deceitful leer, The lustful eye, the wanton smile, The filthy tongue practis'd in guile, And every passion, base and vile, Was with them marching rank and file!" EVERY proficient in painting is aware that the effect of a beautiful landscape is much heightened by the introduction of living beings, either as spectators of the scene represented, or others concerned in it. The author of "the Wanderer" has, in this res- pect, very much enlivened his description of inanimate objects. Thus, in the passages first quoted, the gang of banditti, the fairy dance, the assembly of ghosts, the priests paying their vows, and the wizard grey,-- form altogether a very interesting group, extremely picturesque, and highly character- istic of the lonelv scene represented, our interest in which they heighten by blending life and action with the description. His talent in this particular, however, is more conspicuous in the following extract:— "The sons of Commerce bought and sold— Their mother smil'd, and scatter'd gold-- Brown Labour's children, stout and free, With willing toil turn'd up the lea— And drew from thence, the harvest store, More precious far than Ophir's ore; He heard the shepherds 'mong the hills, Tune their wild pipes to notes of love; The hardy hunter scours the dells, And wild doves coo in every grove!" THE solemn introduction of supernatural agency, towards the conclusion of the poem, viz—the "viewless minstrel," has enabled the poet, to aggrandize his subject, and afforded ample scope for sublime description. The marvellous possesses a great charm, particu- larly in poetry, and gratifies the imagination. "When suddenly he heard a mellow minstrel strain, Ride on the wind: as sweet as Seraph's lay It rose, it sunk, it ceased, it swell'd again,— King David's lyre did ne'er so sweetly play. * * * * * "He look'd around on earth and sky, To see whence came the psalmody, But nothing could he there descry, To cause a heavenly melody; Yet still it loud and louder rung, And thus th' inspir'd musician sung:" &c.; Here the author has, with exquisite propriety, suited the construction of the verse to the subject, as, at the introduction of so august a being, the stanza matches with a grave and solemn cadence—a slower and more measured pace, which has a happy effect in diversifying the melody. I cannot, consistently with impartial criti- cism, pass over some blemishes which are here and there scattered throughout this Poem; these, however, are chiefly of verbal nature, arising, perhaps, from the Author's not having had his natural powers sufficiently cultivated, and from his not having studied poetry as an art, a circum- stance partly owing, also, to his want of literature. He is the bard of Nature, and accordingly, writes with her pencil. He may exclaim, with Shakspeare,-- "Thou, Nature, art my Goddess, to thy law My services are bound." He seems to have written because he felt, and he consequently writes as he feels, with that true poetic fire which warms the heart and steals the soul, but which has hurried him, in the ardour of his vivid imagination, into occasional inaccuracies. For example, he is perhaps rather careless in the choice of some of his epithets, and sometimes redund- ant; making use, in some instances, of expletive words, which, so far from heighten- ing or adding a new idea to the description, render it faint and languid. The too frequent introduction of epithets, particularly such as are so trite as to have become insipid, instead of raising the signification of the words they qualify, only clog the style with enervating verbosity. Such phrases as—"verdant green," "bough and tree," "woe and sadness," "joy and gladness," being synonymous terms and mere tautology, are some of his most palpable blemishes in this particular. The expression—"in such a place," is re- peated in the fourth Stanza no less than five times. The line, in another place,— "That told them was remains of grace," is so flagrant a blunder that I presume it is a typographical one. (To be continued.) 