Shipping Intelligence <\--> On Monday last arrived, from Batavia, whence she sailed the 8th of September, the ship Marquis of Lansdown, Captain Noyes, with a cargo of wheat, rice, &c.; The Currency Las-, for Port Dalrymple, and the Lord Rodney, for Hobart Town, are announced to sail to-morrow; the Flamingo, for the Isle of France, on Friday next; and the Caroline, for London, via the Isle of France, on the 2d proximo. Tun Rev. Mr. Marsden, Dr. Doug- lass, and the Sydney Gazette, &c.; &c.; &c.; \- We should be glad to know of those conernned - and we are said to he con- cerned, though still kept in ignorance whether the Reverend Mr. Marsden has been honored with a copy of the Reply to his late Statement? We would hope that no copy of the Answer has been sent to England without first sending the parties concerned a copy, because if it should he the fact, we will never cease to denounce such ungenerous conduct to the end of our existence. No, no-we caunoi believe ¡i copy is yet sent to England. Rut wo ¡sk the question ; ¡nid i/ it bo not aniwered to the satisfaction of the Public, we,-and the Public, can have but one opinion. Why not, as we tire con \- cernid, and we know wo are, but we did not derivo our ¡nfutm.ition from tho Go vernment, nor ¡my one connected willi the Government, why, we ask, w, s not a copy politely sent to us? We have mt bo ci'inpoited ourselves to coi tain pat tics, as tau ¡sydney Gazettes of 182G will yl abundantly and tiiumphantiy estab ish. Lol in have a copy as we are implicated, and \\\c will undertake fn answer for our own conduct in a way that wi I visit our political oppo- nents with no sm.d' confusion. A copy we > demand, and «e will render it more public ihau it ivor can bieune by private and unexpected truiisiiiHsit.n* to Emope. Why does not the Reverend M>'. Marsden, iii justice to himself, at once addioss the Go VEuNOtî, and lequest, after what lo has .-teen in print, t) at he ni ty eitler be fur- nished with ti copy of the alleged refu- tation if his Statemo.it, or that the iepoit .of its ex stetue be contradicted. We intend" making respectful und immediate implica- tion to tjie Govt-rnmoiit (or a copy of that . part in which the Gjur"mout Printer has » been attacked. AVk have been long «¡insuring our Poli "tical Agent for neglecting to forward to us, with the utmost promptitude, a copy of the JVcio New South \\\ ales Act, but we find, to our.no Ftnall astonishment, that our Agent . lias not hy any means been so lemiss us we A\eie led to suspect. A Very respectable commander of a ship now in the port, after ' Toeing here many weiks, has transmitted us a packet that afluida us the information which would have been more highly piized had it been secur d on his arrival ; but we entirely exonerate the captain from every thing like improper motive» in withholding so important . despatch as that which we even now deem it expedient to present to our Readers. The document is intituled "A Bill to provide for ih* Administration of Justice in New South -Wales and Van Du men's Land, and for the more effectual government thereof, and for other purposes relating theteto." Not having seen tha Act which has been passed, and the Colonists being in ignorance as yet of the nature of the Statute'which is to confino us within cert .in limits, and .io circumscribe thoso pi h ili'trc» vvhicn eveiy '.Englishman delights to enjoy, we at.tici \- pato that the nisre statement ol' the ^a iiotis soctions oí the Art will ptove inte rtsting; and although the intelligent Reader must Understand ti at mny emendations will appear in the Act itself, still an analysis of the Bill will operate as a guide lo public .opinion, for it may he possible the alterations will not be very impoi tant. Afler the usual preamble, 1-slates that His Majesty may consti ute Courts.-2. The Supreme Courts already constituted to continue until liesh oma aie appointed. 3. Supremo Collits to be Courts of Recoid.--4. Jurisdiction of Suprime Courts.-5. 1J is Majesty's Atior ,ney Geneial may proccd by information until J urns are constituted.- 0. Persons, by leave of Court, may exhibit criminal inlor mtition.-7. His Majesty authorises Govcr .nors of New South \\\ ales and Van Diemen's Land to com ene Courts.-8, Govirnur» of lN'ew South Wales and Van Diemtn's Land .may be .authorised to extend and uj»ply former proceedings by Grand or Pel ty Ju- ries,-0, Supreme Couria to bo Courts of Equity.-lo. Supremo Couria to have Ec cleshtsiical Jurisdiction._11. His Mijesty may appoint Circuit Com ts.--12. Home evidence to be,taken on trials ol' hsues. 13\. Appeal to Hi» Majesty in Council. 14.--Judges ol'Supreme Courts may make ni'es for regulating such Courts.- ]5, Governors may appoint Conns ol General. Quarter Session.-IG. Governors may ap- point Courts ol' Civil Jurisdiction.-17. Governors may settle forms ol' process and rules of practice.-18. The appointment of Council.- ly. As to proceedings of Coun- cil.- 20. Governor to preside at sittings of Councils.-21. Laws of England to bo ap- plied on the udministratioiiof justice. - 22. Governor of Councils not to impose taxes except for local purpures.--23. Makes perpetual Act, 29th Geo. III.-24. Powe.s vested in Governors hy former Acts to con- tinue. -25. Laws und ordinances to be on rolled.-20. Laws and ordinances to be t transmitted tj His Majesty's Principal Se- cretary of State.-27. Laws and ordin-.iiicts to he laid before Parlament.-28. M tu- bers ol' the Council to be JiMiuäs of the Peace.-29. Incase ol' death or resignation of Memljeis of Council Governors may (ill I up r. caucus. - 30. Remission of sentences to have lull power and effect, although, not j included in a general pardon. 31,-Re [.niission of sentences to he transmitted for His Majesty's approbation. 32.-Penally for aiding escape of felons from Van Die men's Land or New South Wales.-3:J, Arlifii era, &c.; may bind themselves to serve for certain periods.-34. Peisuna to whom artificers aro bound may bring actions against persons for harbouring or concealing such artificers.-35, Coulls ol' Session or Justice of tile Peace may punish violation ofinden tinvJ--3G. Not to affect conti acts onteied into by arl Hirers with tho Australian Com- pany.- 37. Commencement of the Act, in the absence of Governors, what other to act as such. Such is the character of the Bul that was submitted (0 Parliament by Mr. Huskisson. We must now await the trans- mission of the Act itself. Van Diemen's Land is rathol- an anoma- lous spot. There's always something or othcr engrossing public attention, so as to save the Community from being absorbtd in that ennui to which other Colunists are ex- posed. Political convulsions agitato first 0110 circle and then another, until the various coitibu tibies which impregnate every sot ¡ely unavoidably concentrate, and then the ox plosion which may long have boen antici- pated takes place willi dreadful violence, and some one or other is inevitably wrecked. Such evils, howover, may possibly originate in the peculiarity of the soil, if not some- thing uncommon in tho atmosphere; with the Government wo should indeed be loth to uscribo their origin ; and as for tho Peuple, perhaps it would bo highly libellous to insi- núale that they were Hie authors of the ini-> chiefs that had been creal eil amongst thom, as well as of tho evi's under which they are sufforin.'-. These hasty thoughts passed ra- pidly in our mind on finding,on our return to town from a short trip to the enchanting banks of the Hawkesbury, on Monday evening last that the Progenitor of Printing in Van Diemen's Land had "retired from public life." We had nearly said from such a retirement may Heaven ever be pleased to deliver us! Andrew Bent retired! Andrew Bent, who has done more for the Colony of which he is a member than any of his fellow-Colonists ever did, or ever will be abletlo do, has retired! Andrew Bent, whose glory it was to advance Tas- mania, by means of the engine placed at his disposal, has " etired from public life ! ! !" On this subject- one that harrows up our very soul--we shall abstain from offfering our sentiments. We, of the Sydney Gazette, should never think of retiring from public life, unless driven out of the field by a power too mighty for us to grapple with-by an arm too omnipotent for us to resist. The Public will understand that we have scarcely ever fallen in with the views, or most dis- tantly countenanced the policy, which Mr. Bent had latterly adopted, or been advised to adopt, by those public writers who cer- tainly were the instruments of plunging Mr. Bent into those difficulties which have at length ended in his " retirement from public life ;" but, whilst we uniformly condemned systematic heedless opposition to the local Authorities, we never could persuade our- selves altogether to justify the treatment Mr. Bent has been said to experience. With that treatment, however, and with Mr. Bent's politics on this occasion, we shall not interfere. All that we contend for is, that the retirement of such a man as An- drew Bent, as a mere Printer alone, is a loss that cannot be repaired in Van Diemen's Land, and it is on that account we so fer- vently deplore such a retirement, especially when we are satisfied that Andrew Bent was entitled to the respect, gratitude, and unqualified support of every Tasmanian in- habitant. The politics of the man may be condemned, but his services can never go un- appreciated by that individual who possesses an iota of reflection. Fearful that any hasty expression might betray what we feel on this topic, we shall at once force ourselves from its further discussion. Let no one say, how ever, that we are supporting any of those political movements which influenced Mr. Bent in his public career, for our Journal during the last three years has afforded de- monstrations to the contrary, from which period the retired Andrew Bent has regarded us as his decided foes, and of course treated us accordingly ; but as lovers of the typographic art, in the mazes of which our whole life has been absorbed, we shall never ceaso to venerate Andrew Bent as the founder of typography in Van Diemen's Land. Andrew Bent has retired from public life ! We are sorry for it. An oction for alleged libel, we under- stand, has been commenced against the Rev. Dr. Lang, at the suit of Mr. Eltler of Par- ramatta. The matter complained of, is con ta'iietl in the lately published pamphlet, relative to the establishment oí the Scots Church. The Criminal Court will resume its «Utiogs on the 15th of the ensuinj; month. The Colonial Adcocule, that ponuVoH«, ( useful, and interesting Monthly Journal, the expiring and gigantic effort of Mr. An- , drew Rent, we regret to perceive, by an announcement of Mr. R. L. Muiuiay, has given up the ghost.- Whether an inquest was held on the occasion, we have n .t been informed, but if the Coroner had done hi* duty, we apprehend that a verdict of wilful murder must luve been le.urned against ¡.otne person or persons, whether un- known or not, we cannot protend lo say-fur we are satisfied that the Colonial Advocate must have terminated its existence only by violence, its all our Readers must recollect ' that this Journal had yoiuh,strengtli, beauty, I education, mid success, on its side'; and wo would tlu-refo e ask, whether it could be ' possible that a Journal, invested with so many sterling qualities, should have sud- j denly disappeared ? What constitutes the ? MiystiriotistiosS of this unexpected demise ¡ iii our minds is, that wo nevor heard of i the Colonial Advocate being sickly or con- j sumptive, or in any way allic ted, anti we : therefore can arrive at no other conclusion, | alter a patient investigation into all ihc ! merits of the case, that an inquest should have been convened on the mournful occa- j sion, and thal a vtrdict of wilful murdr would inevitably have been returned, lint as parents disappear, children grow up, in contcqiience of which wise and providen- i liai arrangement weare inclined to augur, that the new Proprietor of Mr. AnduevV Bent s typographical property, in due sea- ¡ sou, will put forth something in the sliipe of j u new Journal, independent of ha other! talented, respectable, and impartial.labours. ' From the long acquaintance di Mr. Murray j with the Press-ii ml more particularly the j Loudon Pr. ss-we feel assured the printing j materials of Mr. Bent could not have fallen , into abler hands. We wish Mr. Murray- j an old opponent of ours by the bye, as will as a once old friend, for we spare not friendo ? in our politics any more than our foes, if we dil there would roon bo au end of our po- litical existence as well as that of others we itéralo that we wish Mr. Murray all the .unbouiidtd success, in hii literary under- taking, which, »ve b'-lieve, he will arduously earn, as well as honourably acquire. Mr. Murray in /is last number of his Revise speaks in terms ol' respect for the parent Colo,dal Government, and if there were no oilier motive (o influence m than the de velopeinenl of such a fact, that would be sufficient to elicit for the successor of Mr. Boot the best regards of the Sydney Gazette. Mr. ¡Murray must bo tuo oíd a hand at this time of day not lo be cognizuit of the f ct, that consistency in public and political life' is an ingredient without which no public and p'liiical character can calcúlale upon safety for an instant. Dr. Douglasj and Air. Howe.-In Murray's Austral-Asiatic Review for Au- gust, appears a lengthy, interesting, and able article under this head, to which wo feel it our duty to invito the attention of our Headers in this Colony, ami especially of our frit nds, as well as every lnvor of truth and justice. Circumstanced as we are, it would be the acme of imprudence at pre- sent to give the document insertion in out pages; ¡Hld, indeed, we ate not aware that its publication is at all necessary. It is hoivevtr cons d.ttory to our fe lings to ob- servo, that the Pi ess of tho sister Colony, and the talented portion of the Press, es- pouses t!¡e cause in which we aro involved, with so much ability ¡mil impartiality. We believe tho fact is pretty univers.d'y known amongst our Readers, that tie Editor of Murray's Review, and the Editor of the Sydney Gazette, have long been dissevered in their political and friendly relations, and that no two public individuals could have been moro violently opposed to each other than these iidiiur.-. What Mr. Murray therefore has advanced in the last number of his industrious publication, undi r the head "Dr. Douglass and Mr. Howe," may be depended on tor its impartiality, and dis* intertstediiass. Yes'eiday, at the hour of 3 r. m. we wore presented with ti summons to appear before the Supreme Court, on Saturday next, to defend an action of trespass on the case, at the suit of Mr. Sydney Stephen, who tineatenel to .« wring our nose" al the late Agricultural din nor, and who has now in- stituted un action at 1 i\v ngainn us for our slrictutes on that very gentlemanly pro- ceeding. We should noi hare given up the space which this paragraph occupies to any notice of Mr. Stephen or his sum mons, were it not to st.de a circumstance connected with the latter, which so clearly exhibits the animus of crtaiu parties as to require some little notice at our hands. Saturday last, our Readers should know, was the last day for issuing summonses of this natuie, and the instrument itself cer- tainly bears that day's date. The article, however, which is the subject of complaint, wns written nearly four weeks ago, so that the plaintiff has occupied nearly a month in making up his mind on the matter. Rut this is not all ; for, thou-h the instrument is dated on the last day on which it could legally he issued, yet we were not serve I with it till yesterday. But could we have ex- pected any other line of conduct ? Ceitainly nut. No Court can approve of such treat mont as this ; but suca things shew the lt form and pressure" of the time.«. The Snapper has not arrived from tho Islands, as stated in the last Australian. Advices had been received of a successful trip, made by that little vessel, but no bing iurther. Tho Aiutralian however, is not very particular as to matters of fact. It is supposed that the business of the Quarter Sessions for Sydney, will yet occu- py tho entire of a week, from the resumption ol' its sittings, on Friday nex«-. Tho ca lenih/r contains an unusual number of as- sault cases, the major.ty of which, however, aro ol'un extremely frivolous nature. Mr. Rowe, appears to be the great favorite with the litigants on the present occasion : and it is worthy of remark, that in every case, wherein that gentleman has been engaged, during tbe present sessions, bellas obtained a verdict for his client. There are at present, nearly 200 prisoners for trial, in the Sydney gaol, A G i ii tientan has mott obligingly put 111(0 out hands t» lettoi from Captain Towns, ol the bug Iii ni Visit, which w«is wntton at Java iii the eirly put ol August last It gives tho uuo account « f the wicck ot that fine brig, with ..onie tletuN of wlnt the suf fereishd to endure. Ciptun Low va may bo experte I sliottlyin 1 toi «'np, hiving proteuded on to CtlcnlU willi tho vie v of pioiuun,-' 1 1 coure tot tint purpose. No iivis woo lost. Mt Ihoims Undo wood, sou of Mi. Jojcph Utitk 1 wood --one of oui oldest ancj most tutu pnsing meichallis -was a pussLiigei 'Hie following 1110 ex.li acts fiom (J ipi nu Tow n's leitet : - I " I coutmuril my coarse to tlir e «twirl undi tlie 12th, when I cot the wind sourtliprly, then in tongi lutta between 150 in I 1&7 , I thin steered lo the norllivv iril, to ],lbs to the cistwud of Citoi .* Built and Wretk Kief, willi fine'south uni S 1 «indi, , lush breeze, on the 17th, at noon, by obsei ration, I ins to the northwiril of Citoi . lîiuk, I I then niatlL all possible sol lo silJiI U rt tit Kief be- fore night, it G P M nothing' in sight li oin the I mist lu Ail , thoa ni lititiulc of the Keef, and 15 miles lu the i islward by the mein of my tin ce biro meters , 1 then shortened sol, ind stcircd i course to pass between Iretknik's Keel and Ken» Kief, the wcilliu mudciatc, -nid continued so until 11 p m when ii bennie Tcry sqiully , the sea had been very miss during the whole uiijit, 1 bid tilcrn in top gallant sails, and re el id the topsails, and tunning »itli i good look out ftom both mist hiad and tlcik While Hie h ind* wert, rciiinç the tjpsiil to set ii, I ihicovacil breaker s un ihr Ice bow, in^t ml I j put the helm \poit, but finding it mi possible to cleir the dinger on the stuboird side, and the trysail down, willi i heavy sea, no dunce to stay, ordered tin. lu lui a slai board, but befoiii she lill oil before the wind she lud entered the hrokiii inter, the only iii mee thru lift was togiveit tho stem, such wis the darkness ot the night, in less than three minutes after the dinger wa» discoveieil the vessel «tis a total wretk , the lirst stroke earned awi y t»o bolts ind otic mitti , t immediately cut aw »y the Ice anchor, ni order to keep the bow to seaward, ind prevent the wreck dru mg into detp w iter , when 1 found it ivis sufliucnlly on the reef, and no (lunger of i tilling oil, 1 cut awiy the masts, which i iscd the vessel considei ibly, although the Bia in ide a eoustitit and heavy bre ich over us, thus we hy fioin about one o'eloik A ni until day- light, when vvc diseovercd a sind hill ibtmt tour miles distint, 1 immediately foimed the resolution ot r itting same neeesiary provisions and vvater, ind mike lui the reel, and tin re build a small ve«el to c u ry us to the nearest port, the third bo it w e lust ni attempting to deal it I rom the vncckof the mini mast li em g destitute ot bolt-., it took us from ¡Mondiy until Situul iy, before we landed, in that time we built ij.ua/», square at both ends, to answer the purpose ot a better, here 1 found the Isle muih sin iller than I hld expected, not exceeding i lui lung in riicumlercncc, composed of sitid and coral, I co nmciiced building, and in 45 d lys hunched a * < i > line cutter, measuring 30J ton>, coppered, and tilted out in the most cúmplete mamici,j with two suites ol sails, md other stoic-, in ixtia abun dune, it wis my intention to hive pioecidctl to the Isle of Irince, thenie on to Sydne), if 1 could ii t h ive chark mi a vessel there, ho» ever, this was otli iwise ordimed, on the 181b. Ally, when pie piriug tj cmhir'i the utillea sived fiuni (he wreck, i sol hove in stallt, 1 nude the u.uil sil,ii il oi dis tress, when the ship bore down, ind piovel to be the Asii, Capt un ¿dead, who kuitllv proposed to take us off the Isle, to this I aecided with some rducf luce, and cmbirkcd the must of our viluiblcs sived fiom the vvicck , we lett the Ule ibuut live o'clock V M (owed by two boats li um the Asia, which w is about lorn milis to lecwaitl, b lore we reulied lier it w is dirk, ind the weither then be i une very squally, we linn igiecd to tow the tut ter until moimi:.,, which we did with grill comfort, as yet 1 haven ml nothing lonicrnnig v our specie, which 1 lauded the lu it day ot our mibtoiUme, and deposited on i lock neir the wreck, where it ic muncd nearly a month, the sei wishing over it every liiBh tide, however, on embarking fur the /Un, I tortim itily hld the prceiution to send it, under eure ot Ali Underwood, in one ol the Asia i boals, and w is riiuvcd s ile on bo ird, on the morn ingot the lull), the wind hld mutated to astiong gile, willi i hi'vy ii us» sei, it wus then unprae ticibli, with safely, to get li c lUttei alongsidt , wc then igiced to tow duruig that diy, and itali nsks emb.uk the cicw Lcfoie iiiL,Iit As Ibu Asia bore uwij, i noss bea struck the cuttei on the quitter, tin un mg bet athwart, the tow lope cunimg t iui,ht at thr> same matant, upset her on her bein ends Had the low lope been nistintly euh is I leque-di I, she would hive lighted, but the steer ie,c bein,, quite oui, the water rendered the helm quite useless , thus wc lowed until she Idled from Ihc hitihwiy-v, by this lune the Asiiwishoic too, here 12 men with tnysell wcic lloiting ibout on what vii lould eUdi , I turtutialely caught the eutlei'i mun boom, which wis not I ist to the visscl, i spai 20 Icet long, 4 iii« hes diameter tins spai s out sen ii ol us, J others wt le saved by difkruit ii tides, mil J sunk lo rise no more , wc wne in this situ ition tipitaiJs ol 20 m iiutcs, and the bo its m dangt r winn luwcretl down, su much so thal the bull which pnUed me lip neirly Idled before wc re icbed the ship , I was thus rescued li om Ihr Jiws ol di ith, lo be i ni the loss ol apropcity whiiem 1 had gie it prospects, ni) litter loss is decidedly the worst, and it the Asia had not come m sight, I should, m all probability, hive this (hy been sale m Alauulius, 1 consider my loss mthç cutter ¿1000 " 1 npprclit iit'ctl a danger in 1 lederick'i Reef, nuil in Hit lirai instance tlmiigbt it such, if 1 lind lit tempi i ti li wctilliei ii fiidt, prill tidy I would hare t li ai ed it, li inner, it ia othirrisi, and tipptar« like ti jiKlgiiifiil u^mna nu, foi inv vnnity , hut li ilwitlisl u tim/»- if i >ei 1 liiullip lortniic lo ct iii ni i d aiiolliir ntsil, 1 \t li with f pi Uni ntitliiicr j linne ti o norlin i n i unie in pioper stiist ii, 1 b li ii lil I uve in tie ii fine ptiisiijre noli ill ti indu g so t ai Iy ii Ihc ichm n during the two months 1 wini ailie Kief, the wind willi the rxeppti ni of nile day onl^, cm I murd from ilic southward nuil tnUwni I willi fn»)i lu ei7c» gemr illy nt L S L Abo it lull nu I clui gt of llie mom ii iniiietiinrs remit to SSW ¡nul lumetiiiu« lo ! N 1 one day only, n sir mjr w ii d fn in llii NNW the lea ti licwurduf tin Kerf willi Ile lim. wind ii tis «iiioulli ns Syiinry Cove, wc had iwice linn only! und lint wai nf inliiiiti icr rice to ii« heilig inlliir «kort of wtilei , we lireil chiefly on oatmeal, nil our hrctid i,ol wet mid heated, excipl nhnijt 4l)lb» »vInch win reservtd sfor «tti .c vice , we It t ki c1 oatmt ii i ikes, oat nu d ti ugh or pudding,mu\ nlltr the rain Murgoo , this w u a ¿rent Itiiiirj . ' With refeience to a tcitarni paragraph in- serted in nur last, which enuc 1'ioru un intol 1 gent Cone pontlent, we find, to our verj great surprise, that nothing transpired at ti . foliceOihco, during the une tigationagAinit ouo of the sttb-mastPis of a. co tam «tcholasti« estiblishment, to wai rant the slightest impu- lsion ben ¿e st upon the elaiactei of tho print ipal of that very ii pet-Ubtu acideinv. We h ii e. tho unequivocal dental of tho he id laastei himself to tlni eftcct, uid, afin the most patient cnqitny, weale oblige I pub litl) lo cieknoH ledge our regret that sue i m article should have apptMic i, vvhilst we tan not be. too feneiit in oin condemn ilion oí people ioi tin us mg articles upon Editois lui which thuie is not the slightest foundation. We arc not only son y th it pun should h ive been umntentially inflicted upon any mind, but we should indcod deeply deplore the establishment in question losing a scholai through tiie insertion of such a. puugiaph, in which the, ptineipal was not n any wa) con- nected. 