drove the grand officers THURSDAY, MIDNIGHT. In it true that the small of the Turf Club have had thoughts of inviting a certain respectable class of the Colonists to support their expiring Instituting, and that line Colonists have nobly disdained their insulting offer? Is it true (and we hope it is), that the Turf Club had it in contemplation to pay the debts of the institution? Is it true that the following notice has been omitted hitherto to be inserted in the various Journals ? "Tu it F CLUB.-Asthis institution for a length of time has been unfortunately in a very sickly condition, and notwithstanding every effort of the Doctor to preserve a life so valuable, still it is ascertained that the old gentleman cannot possibly hold out any longer. With this cheerless prospect, therefore, the indisposed Club is vitreous of departing in peace, of contentedly giving up the ghost, and resting beneath the Turf From the rude invasion of those slan- dealers who may he permitted to survive. All claims against the expiring old gentleman, therefore, are particularly requested to be presented at the office of the Australians, on or before Wednesday next, at twelve o'clock, the Doctor having given it as his final opinion, that his last breath will be gasped exactly at that hour. And as the Club hopes for salvation from eternal disgrace, every claim is to be duly presented, us aforesaid in failure of which, " be it known to all men," the debt will be cancelled according to law." " George-street Sydney, April 15, 1829." J The case mentioned by Mr. ROWE, on Tuesday, relative to the ignoring by the Grand Jury of a bill of indictment preferred against one David Hayes, for a nuisance, was again brought under the consideration of the Court on Wednesday. The Grand Jury, through their Foreman, explained to the Court that, on the examination of the first witness, at whose instance, principally, the hill had been pre- ferred, they did not see sufficient to establish a case against the defendant; and that, moreover, the witness himself appeared desirous that the bill should be thrown out, in consequence of some an arrangement about, to be made in regard of the matter complained of. But for this very evident circumstance, the Jury stated, they should certainly have gone on with the examination of other witnesses; and, with respect to their sending for the defendant, they assured the Court that the bill of indictment had been previously thrown out, and that their object in doing so was solely to admonish him to fulfil! the promise which they were given to understand he had made to abate the nuisance. The Chairman expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the explanation of the Jury, and stated that the Court felt convinced that they acted from the best motives; but, as there had been some unintentional irregularity, he felt it his duty to inform them, for their guidance in future, that, in case they were satisfied there was sufficient to warrant them in finding a bill after the examination of one or two witnesses, they were not obliged to go on with any further enquiry ; if, however, on the other hand, they were not satisfied with the evidence of a first or second witness, it was then their day to go on examining all the witnesses to the indictment previous to coming to a conclusion that it should be thrown out. These observations, the Chairman stated, were merely made for the future guidance of the Jury, not with reference to the matter complained of-, because, as had been already stated, the Court was satisfied, in that case, the Jury had acted with every intention to do what seemed to them to be just. The Jury expressed themselves obliged to the Court for the information they had received, and retired. Mr. Kowfc was then about to submit some affidavits to the Court, when the Chairman observed that he saw no necessity for any thing further being stated, as the Court could not go into the consideration of the case any further. The Grand Jury have ignored the bill of indict- ment preferred at the Quarter Sessions at the suit of Mr. Cole, the chief officer of the ship Albion, against James Raymond, Ern j. Searcher of Customs, for an assault, as also, a similar indictment against Mr. Cole, on the prosecution of Mr. Raymond. 