THIB MVONTITOR. THURSDAY'EVENING, MARCH 6, 1828. IN our last number, we, took into consideration the conduct which was due to those Convict-servants who are employed in this colony by individuals. We will here make a few remarks on what is due to Convicts employed by the Government. THE revival of Bible religion amongst the English nation, occasioned by the combined efforts of half-a dozen Oxford students, nearly three quarters of an century ago, of whom Mr. Wesley and Mr. Whit- field were the principal, gave occasion to the cultivation of philanthropy in a remarkable degree. The abolition, of Negro slavery, the establishment of distant religious missions, the propagation of the Bible in a hundred new languages and dialects, and last but not least, the improvement of prison discipline, were the fruits of the religious zeal of the first score of pious and learned Methodists. Tn'ERE is an infrmnity attached to all human exerti ons, which nothing will ever prevent or eradicate, until God institutes a new order of things, and destroys the present natural and moral world. T his insecurity from evil, is felt as much by the friends of religion and .by philanithropists, as by politicians and men of science: Vanity.was inscribed an all things here below by a Jewish King, some thousands of years ago. His saying is on record. .And the best and the wisest of men, who have it any time been led to expect a differ; eat result to their labours in God's special work, (as they properly call it,) have always been disappointed. The reason of this is, that.recn in general are insincere and selfish. Where 't'tre is one upright, sincere, generous character, there are at least half-a-dozen insincere and selfish persons. These last. in the first instance,, scoff at pIrofessions of or attempts at superior virtue, and continue their sneers as long as the sons of God continue to labour.in poverty and contempt. And while this oppo sitiQn from.thke. baser po.rtion of mankind continues, and..the goverpment of the country on the other hand does not interfere too much with fire and faggot; it has a purifying and wholesome effect. It restrains inorditiate zeal, makes te philanthropic religionist, cautious and prudent, gives him experience, and so finally renders his labours triumphant. VaEt the'excellent of the earth have at length suc ceeded, ilen begins their danger, and the danger to their cause. The Ieversehowever appears to their simple minds. All *is sunshine and prosperity with them. The old scoffers, such of 'them at least as have intellect enough to perceive that' their opposition no longer tells, and is attended with neither profit nor fame, cease their oppo sition, and many of them affect to be converts, and go ovet to the victors; and so the unsuspecting and loving philanthropists, and religionists, in?isapplying certain texts of scripture, or giving to them an extent and sig .aificance never designed, imagine the millenium is fast eppbaching, brought about too by their labours. And that'if not' kings and nobles, at least rich merchants and shop-ki et?s ha?'e bedome, to use a favourite 0r . phrase with them, " nursing fathers to the Church." ey They are too apt therefore to yield theniselves up to the I delusions and artifices of the new converts, still in their 'hearts the sons of Mammon ; and to exchange too I readily the shirt of camel's hair for one of fine linen. z. the girdle of leather for silk stockings and broad cloth of elegant cut, the wild path of the wilderness ? for Turkey carpets and corniced rooms, and locusts and wild honey, for as great a portion of. luxuries rs can be 'obtained and may be used with temperance. All is prosperity with'them. Money at length is' found to be t not so great a mammon as our Saviour's fears had re presented it. Tens of thousands of Bibles arc seen 'spread'about in all directions by its sanctified influence; missionaries are planted in the ends of the earth ; there t. are more debates about abolishing slavery than ever, which talk itself has greatly ameliorated slavery, though it has not abolished it; penitentiaries and prison schools \- and military schools and Bethel flpgs are seen flourishing a and flying in all directions, and the world in fact seems really just about to undergo a thorough redemption. BTrr now is begun to be experienced an impediment, which like the canker-worm, eats into this goodly crown of laurel, and soon it fades, and the form of its glory is changed. 'The reason is, religion and philanthropy will not liear so closeian union with the world as honest religionists had hoped it would. The reason is, that though Kings and Queens ate to become nursing fathers and nursing mothers to the Church, the time is not yet arrived. The reason is, that " all that is in the world, the lust of t " theflesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the piride of life, is a not of God, but is .if the world." r i To profess religion in the present day is reputable. I To be thought a refigious man, is no longer an occasion h of contempt, much less of persecution. In innumerable . u instances within the last thirty years, the turning reli- t. gious has niade men's fortunes. The same is true of p the Ministry. Hundreds have become Clerpymen and r 1M1inisters from a prudential regard to their temporal ti welfare; and although we may not say of such, exactly, I that they have made their fortunes, yet they have pal- c! pably, advanced themselves in rank and respectability st by so doing. Some who have not added to their rank, ai have increased their incomes by assuming the cassock n ah~ the crook; for instance, hundreds of half-pay mi- w ili ary and naval officers, who from wielding a carnal la sword, now wield a spiritual one. Our Archdeacon him 'self 'has not injured his temporal estate'by accepting of the charge of the national flock of Aust?lia. When d( men: entered the Church formerly, and; 99k the oath so before ":they entered it, that they were moved by the th Holy'Ghost thereto, and afterwards lived unsteadily and sii immorally,i we all knew what sort of an oitli'they had q. taken. But now-a-days,Ministerslihve morally, and talk he well on tlia..eBible; and were it not that their labours se were barrea of .effect, and the vineyard in wvhih they be labour ,rodluces nothing but leaves, scarcely yielding a in single cluster- 6of'fruit of the true flavour of the akncient tel vineyards of Sidh, we might from the very decent walk rel and appearance .of Mipisters of the present day;:and of their using the language of the Holy Land, be beguiled ne into the belief, that the mantle of Elija and the integrity ani of Jolhn the Bupti~tr:vere still upon them. : alr 'TnEsE reflections are preliminary, and we must in- ne; dulge in them no longer, but come to the main intentiori ope we have in view. Among the Philanthropists, were a Jul sect of noble-minded 'men, who effected great reforms oni in: prison discipline. " ith their reforms however,for Jui Swant of experienc e, they blended some mistakes. They by carried their reformation so far, as to make the situa- ill ation of a criminal more i:omfortably than that of honest pat people out of gaol. And great distress happening to among the common people at the lime of their most' she active zeal, it made this their mistake appear more pro- d'-re minent than it really was, nnd gave great occasion to anc scoffers to jeer and deride their schemes, which they sen called weak and Utopean.. 'Their defects however were me happily beginning to be remedied by themselves, when Cot the great leader of the benevolent hand, t'e I-Ion.'Grey dit Bennet, MI. P. suddenly left?the Kingdom, and never the returned. It was imputed to hi!m that which we cannot ] mention. Col Toie wayss of Heaven are mvsterious. Why Ihis lca' apparently excellent man should be left to full so low, ben and to demolish that fabrick of'fair fame, which by in- pre gessant exertion in the cause of humanity for ixiany years in both in and out of Parliament he had created for him- can self, being respected by iall Europe, and looked up to by bell Loth sides of the H1ouse of Commons with veneration, I de: i" is to us incomprclhensibie ':It is a cirirn tince whic" l he invites to reliious mecdithtiitn.: ir ' Wiii Mr.' Bennett's character and exertions, ilowe .r ýo dwindled the cause of irprorved prison discii!ine. Tie. ro, errors of the Sect were magnified, and the old s'eerit ad towards the inmates of goals, together with that con.r ss venieht disregard ainid neglect of their sufferings, re ad sumed its heathenish sway. To stand up in the House be of Commons, after Mr. Bennett's exile, and talk of is ameliorating the condition of prisoners, convicted or >e unconvicted, met withk no attention from any part of the. e- House, and only tended to suffuse the cheek of the pro. ;n poser with a painful blush. UNDER the influence of this feeling, joined to the . re daily., increasing opinion, that the distress of honest r, men out of gaol, rendered it necessary that the con-.., l dition of di-holest men in gaol, should be maide a; Is hard as possible, consistent with tolerable healthl.,: g (though we cu?ifess we do not see why the unavoidable' ~' s sufferings of innocent men out of gaol, is any good and sound reason for mal- treating and inhumanising offenders,) the Go'ernors of this Colony received' orders to abollih as much of the indulgent systemn established here, by Governor Macquarie, as tce.people of New South Wailes could bear, so that our national a prejudices in favour of humanity might not he too much d outraged, and the kindly sentiments and habits.gene rated in the Colony by the humane Macquarie, might ' be blunted and reduced, so as to become a little more gao ler-like. Acts of Parliament were passed t:) dispense with' the old laws; and the Justices of New South Wales:' were armed with new and unchecked powers. T'he new system was begun upon by Major Goulburn in Sir Thomas's time, and the old hands of the Colony, who had by Governor Macquarie been restrained from the use of the scourge in amount beyond fifty lashes, seemed to be all in spirits ,at' being re-instated in their ancient' powers of flagellation, and the lash was soon heard to resound in the gaol-yards of the Colony with a vigour, , that might have done honour to the good old times of Dick Rice the scourger, so famous under our lay and clerical Justices of the olden time; and the new practice soon issued in five hundred lashes being ordered to a one armed man at Liverpool, for merely threatening his master, that if he did not give him a better ration, the would not take so much care of his Merino ewes in lambing, as he had hitherto been accustomed to do. BUT as the English Philanthropists,.through excess' :; of their humanity, made mistakes, and carried their ten- derness to convicts and other prison inmates too far;': so our anti-Philanthropists of Botany Bay, who extol the discipline of the scourge, as.being at once brief, simple, and cheap, made a mistake on their side the question. They were not contented to flog a man when he was found guilty, but in order to prove him so, they sentenced him to a heavy punishment on suspicion, and being in a wrong place at a wrong hour &c.; &e.; And then in order to induce him to tell the truth, part of the sen-. tence was promised to be remitted, on his giving the required information, and impeaching others. This sort of thing went on prosperously for some time. The new Acts of Parliament were not clearly understood, ` and people thought the Justices might under such Acts,. almost go any length. Our late humane Attornby-Ge-' neral, Mr. Bannister, however at last got his 'eyes opened. Fortunately for the interests of humanity, the Justices were not the best friends with each other. And one Justice happening to be foreman of a certain Grand Jury, he published the records of the Parramatta Bench by which a case of torture, or as it 'was mildly called illegal punishment, was exposed to the world. ,TlI e A parties implicated, retorted on each other, and strange to say, the Foreman in question, and master of the:, shepherd who had been sentenced to five hun- dred lashes for complaining of insufficient rations:: ' and for threats, was himself found to have been pre sent at Benches, when like sentences of illegal punish ment had been passed, and put in force. This led to a Commission of Enquiry. The Commissioners did their duty, and though an act of indemnity was passed here, the matter was discussed and denounced in I'arlia:iment." AFTER that period the laws were administered in the... Colony with more mildness. Still however the old' leaven was not quite exhausted. Hasty decisions, brow-. beatings of witnesses, and refusing to hear others, stil ' prevailed in some of our Courts. They were exposed: in all their naked deformity the moment this Journal came into existence. The severity of our language, being new beginners, was however rather beyond pru dence, and we were called on in consequence to plead to ,en indictment for libel.. in' the Magistracy of the Cbun Iry. out Governor Darling at the recommendation of Sr. B1Lannister waved the prosecutiou. The exposure w'e made howevcr, and the discountenance which Governor ).trling and the Chief Engineer give to the use of the scourge, caused that instrument of punishment gradually to go out of fashion. And nt this time it is perhaps less in use than it was even in the time of Macquarie. At the same time it twill be allowed we think by all, and to . the honour of the presenr Government we record it, that the Convicts were never more suberdinate, and in a course of more rapid reformation, than they are at this imoment. Wa do not attribute this pleasing state of the prisoners of the Crown however to any single cause. By the establishment of the military Horse patrol, and by tempting a better class of men into the Constabulary, and by the institution of Iron gangs, and similar mea sures of discreet convict discipline, the present Gover nor has made the merciful withholding of the torture of the scourge efficient. It was Macquarie's error, that when he abolished thib scourge, or at least greatly discountenanced it, he trusted altogether to his isolated leniency iu that respect. But a degree of licentiousness in the manners of the Convicts took place, which was attended not only with disorder and confusion, but of serious loss to employers of Convicts, and especially to new-comers. In a few years the Governor discovered, that leniency by itself, unsupported by measures of pre vention and discipline, were productive of evil. The -latter years of the excellent Macquarie, were -therefore distinguished by a number of laws regarding the prison population, which completely succeeded with them; so that before the torture whippings commenced, above adverted to, the prison- population was in as good sub ordination as it is now. And it is on this very account, we have always ourselves regarded the Parramatta jurisprudence as being perfectly suilerfluous and wan ton and deserving of no extenuation. WHEN General Darling, first arrived, he was induced through a good-natured notion of Colonel Dumaresq, who was their Chief Engineer, and wanted to build a new Government-house and carry all.before him, but was very short of hands, to bring from Port Macquarie a couple of hundred of the felons transported there for crimes of every dye; Some of these fellows soon com menced marauding and cutting throats. The Governor with that decision which is a promirient feature of his Government, and which when tempered.with the milder virtues, is one of the best a ruler can have, soon put an end to the newly-begun rapine, by executing a good c number of these thrice-convicted banditti. We per eeive by Mr.. Bannister's pampidet,Y that as another maans of suppressing these atrocities, he recommended at the time a speedy return to the old system of issuing c tickets-of-leave. A measure which was also at the same i time very pointedly urged on the Government by us, a The ticket-of-leave system had been very rashly abo- 'shed, .or at least suspended till turthei'orders, which on the minds of the Convicts, was much the same thing. - We consider it was this circumstance, coupled as it was with the return of the 200: incendiaries from Port Macquarie,. that caused many of the prisoners to give themnselves up to despair of ever procuring their liberty, and of adopting desperate habits. THE ticket-of-leave system, however, was at length renewed, but upon such severe terms as we must always condemn.. The Government Journal has indeed shewn, that a greater number of tickets-of-leave has been is- shed under the new regulations, than was ever issued before the system. We grant it. 'The new code has hitherto had.an ffcct,.which neithei- Mir. Howe, nor we, nor the Government foresaw. This effect is quite con trary to the spirit of the new regulations. And this is b one cause why the new system'at present works so t much better than we expected. But in a very short ti tihe, this unforeseen eff?ct vill cease, and then its es- ent'ial severity will come it to operation, and will be felt. 'The prisoners will not then be so. submissive and ,rderly as they are now. Tn, n:w regulations, wihl greant justice, permit thosa C m n to demIndl tickct.i-f-o.leavc, against whom there ih nothing rcordcd, in the books of our MaRisterial c Courts. Mr. C(ox, of Clarcndon, kept a book in his *,yn I an '-w iting, of all the trials which came before a ,im, that wo.ld I ave done homour, for its neatness F a d 1 accuricy, to thel Jud.*es themiselves. Thelre may k arve been another or two wlmo did the same, but tl generally the loc.se pieces of paper filed for the week, and afterwards chucked about the Court office for any body to purloin that wanted waste paper, and which practice was common to Sydney as well as the country Benches, have not been capable -of being referred to. Besides, in the torture years, what bundles of loose state ments lay in the corners or under the seats of the Justice rooms, were .prudently burnt, lest they should reveal too many secrets. Hence, scores of rufians transported origi- nally for life, and transported over and over again after their arrival here, now enjoy tickets-of-leave, who, had Mr. Nicholls, or Major Druitt, or Mr. Hutchinson still been at the head of the Convict department, would never have got their tickets to their dying day; because it was not in the nature of these men to reform, whilst they were in bondage. BUT procuring the signatures of their later masters, and their old masters being dead or scattered, and there being no records against them in any of the courts, and Mr. Hely knowing nothing of their old tricks, they have now got their tickets. WHAT has been the consequence ? Why, the men have at length reformed ! What the scourge, and transporta tion, and bad American provisions, and nakedness, could not effect, liberty has. How few of these ex-ruffians misbehave, so as to lose their tickets ? Whenever they do lose them, we feel certain an ignominious death will soon afterwards be their portion. l'ms is the reason then'that such numbers of persons have procured tickets under His Excellency's new ticket-of- leave code. 'Presently, these old hands will have all got their tickets, and the new system will then begin to exercise its full severit) on those conivicts whodid not arrive in the Colony longer ago than the last year of Governor Macquarie's administration. We prophecy that its effects will then be far from sulutary.. At present however the old transported convicts have had great luck. We doubt not they are thankful for it. With shem we donbt not Governor Darling is popular, as he ought to be. lHe deserves their gratitude, ana we trust they will shew it, not only by keeping clear of the justice-room, but by sobriety, industry, and 'good man ners. WTE call the attention of our readers to an English article in page 1022 of this number, entitled " Canada -Earl Dalhousie's Government." I?1 I ImO· I ,i I NI i? ? ? '?I?|!Hli l. 