DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. SIGNS OF THE TIMES.-- Up to yesterday, nearly five hundred writs of arrest and summonses have been issued during the present short vacation; and we are assured by a gentleman well conver- sant with English practice, that this amount is ful- ly equal to the number of processes issued during a like period for the City of London and County of Middlesex. It imust also be borne in mind, that the writs above-mentioned do not include any kind of writ whereby either goods or person are taken to satisfy judgment. Mr. Dunlop, it is said, is on his return to the Colony, with a salary of £400 a year, with the appointment of Colonial Astronomer. Our old Colonist, Captain Ashmore, may be ex- pected back' again, but not in the Guide; he comes next time to settle; i. e. if the times will permit. The Dutch seem to like the Southern equator for colonizing- A lodgment has been effected in New Guinea by the Java Government. The reduction of Clerks in the Commissariat, by orders from home, will not make money more plentiful. Mr Tyerman, who came on a mission to this Colony two years ago, died lately at Madagascar. He and Mr. Bennett had been engaged in a series of travels in this hemisphere for eight years. Mr. T. was a pleasant man; " but the con- staint jealousies and misunderstandings between him and his coadjutor Mr. Bennett, displayed their incompetency both in head and heart, for the office of visiting in an apostolic spirit the Churches established by the Missionary Society in these seas. The spruce fashionahle clothing and priestly consequence too which these gen. tidmen assumed when here, and their associ. tion exclusively with the elegant and the rich, in dicated too strongly their proneness to worldly pleasure, and pharisaic righteousness. The Bank of Australia has divided 8 per cent for the last half year. (Sixteen per cent per annum.) A settler of the name of Butler, on his way from his farm at Richmond, to Sydney, was com- pelled by two robbers on the highway, to lie down, while they drove off his cart laden with wheat and huxtery. They also took his jacket containing twenty-three dollars. After six days, the cart was found. In consequence of the failure of the crop at ,the Isle of France, freights for Europe were as 'low as 30s. a ton \- OUTRAGEOUS MTURDER AND ROBBErY'.-Three' settlers were pursuii~g their. peaceful.' way with their carts' and teaiuk, near the South Creek, on Friday week, when , couple of desperate sc.un drels, stopt the first settler, and presenting pistols, induced him to give thema the money he had taken at'market. The next settler had snore courage, and refused; when they shot him dead on she spot l IHis marne is Ma ason. He has a wife anid family. The fellows then depa)rted, leaving the third settler unmolested. Pursuit was made by the Vtiudbor Police, but without effect. We are.happy to hear Mr. Brunton's Suhscrip tion Ball for the exhibition of the acquireinents of his pupils in the necessary and elegant accord pli hmbent of' dqneing, is likely to be not only numerously attended, but also attendr,:d by someof the first personages in the Colony. At the rehear sals have been present the lady of the Chief Jus tice, the Miss Blaxlands, &c.; &e.; A catarrh, accompanjed with cough, a rash, and fever, prevails at this moment in Sydney among families. Sydney is not so healthy a place as it was twenty and thirty years ago. There is however less dysentery." The South-Hlead road has lately been haunted by two beings, not ghosts, but muscular six feet high men, who have plundered harmless peace. able foot passengers of their little monies.. A man they met yiclded to their cutting out leis pocket. It contained three dollars. Thqy then setturned him the pocket without further examni nation It still cOlntained two Bank notes of £1 each, which.the ruffians did not put their fin gerson. They have since been taken. " By returns of criminal cases tried in the Supreme Court, for the last Cessions of 1827, it appears that about 30 informations were tried, which was consid ered a heavy sessions Upon this occasion, also, a complete gaol delivery was effected. The Sebsions, just concluded, were occupied in trying upwards of 70 informations, the greater part of which were for capital felonies ; whilst, at the close, there still re mained above 50 prisoners for trial before the Su premle Court, who had been committed during the sittings. The Jury sat 30 days, and were generally detained in Court until after 5 o'clock, and on seve ral occasions did not adjourn before 9, and even smnietimes remained till past 12 o'clock at night. This statement may afford some light idea of the but - thensome duties which Judges, and the officers of the Supreme Court, have to perform. To this also should be added the additional days on which the Court sat ii banco or for passing sentences; waling altogether about 40 days strict confinement in the hrduous. discharge of ofdcial duties. " Let those who are disposed to cavil at the salaries paid to these Officers, now say whether they are inure than, or even sufficiently renumerated for, their 1 .bours. We will venture to affirm, that there is not a Colony attached , to the British dominions, where there is so much business imposed, on the .Juclges,tas in Australia, nor one where that business is transacted at so small an expence to the Govern ment, as far as salaries are concerned. "We cannot conclude these remarks without noticing the very re gular manner in which His Majesty,s Attorney Ge neral has conducted the duties of his department. Every arrangem:ent has been made to accommodate the up-country witnesses so as not to detain them from their farms (luring the harvest. The inconve nience of the unfortunate prisoners,. too, has at all times, been consulted ; and, added to to all this, it is also worthy of remark that, out of the 70 informati ons filed, only one. failed, owing to legal, techniical, or other objections."-Sydney Gazette 22nd Inst. As Colonel Morrisset and lady were driving on Thumedav, past Mr. Levey's new premises, in George-street, a cart with an ill-hroken-in horse met them, and ran the wrong side, by which means the w~hetl of the cart andl the gig struck each other, ond the Colonel and M\'Is* 1Morrisset were both pre cipitstedl cn the foot- path. The head of M rs Mur risset camne in contact with the paliamg which en dloses the yard of Mr. Blanch Her face was greatly cut, and by the convulsive motion of the lady's limibs, it wmas conmlclued by. the symopathis ing and shuddering passengers, that she had rc. ceived her death blow. WVe shall have occasion to mention this accident agaiu before we ffinsh. 