DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. We have received a letter signed Imprimatur, stating reasoss why our Agricultural Society should give premiums for the manufacturing of blankets and woollens from colonial wools. We agree with the writer. We think such premiums would be fully as reasonable and as consistent with the objects of the Society, as any premiums they now dispense. And we con- sider too, that a duty on the importation of blankets would be less absurd, than the in- trigue duty of the Berry and Horton club on the importation into this Colony of tobacco. But we shall not insert Imprimatur's letter, because his reasons for encouraging the man- ufacture of blankets, are bad ones, and too far- fetched. Meeting of the Chamber of Commerce.—There was a meeting of about twenty five members at the Chamber, to consider the Insolvent Bill. Mr. W. Walker was called to the chair. He was the only person who seemed to be in favour of the Bill. The Auctioneers were against it. The per- sons who expressed themselves adverse to the Bill, were, Messrs. Lamb, James, Montifiore, Phillips, Lyons, Pauls, Solomon's, Cohen, and $ymons. Messrs. Pittmnan and Wyatt said they would be at no expense in opposing it. Messrs. Sparke, Hindson, Bunn, D. Cooper, Curlewis, Wilson, and J. Brown, seemed to be listeners. It was agreed however to take Counsel's opinion, and afterwards to call a meeting of the mer- chants and shopkeepers generally, to consult the public interests. That extensive Grazier Lieutenant-Colonel Dumaresq, Captain of the Veterans on full-pay, Aid- de-camp, private Secretary &c.; &c.; &c.; is not yet returned from mustering and branding his cattle, previously to selling the whole concern, and letting his extensive and elegant mansion, built by Convict mechanics. The venerable judge-Advocate Forbes (Captain of the 39th—Ensign in 1824.) is gone to Parra- matta, to consult with his Excellency on the ver- dict of the General Court-martial which lately sate a Lieutenant Carew 63rd Regiment at V.D. Land, and before which he was tried on charges of negligence in his custody of the Convicts on board The Cypress, which was captured by them on its voyage to Macquarie Harbour. The prosecutor was not the Lieut. Governor in this Court martial —consequently, each day's proceedings were not carried to Lt. Governor Arthur every day, nor was the evidence read by the witnesses at the end of each day. Poor Raphael, for being too jolly about the dollars being lowered in the price, at the Waterloo Warehouse, was challenged to fight, which he accepted, but got the worst of it. He was taken to his house in an insensible state. A good hint for Attorney-Generals, and not a bad one for Judges. ED.) " An action against the Derby Rprter for libel was tried in the King's Bench on Monday. Dam- ages 1s. And Lord Tenterden said, he would take care the parties should pay their own costs ! The plaintiff was a solicitor in Derby.—This affords another instance of the determination of British Juries, not to sanction the rascally attempts which have been made within the last few years, to extract money fron the pockets of newspaper proprietors who tell the truth !" (Times) Sir John Wylde's property at the corner of York and King-street, with a two-years unexpired lease, at £52 10s. currency per annum, was sold last week by Mr Bodenham, and brought £1175 sterling.—Rooke's premises in George-street brought £925 sterling last week.—We are grat- ified to hear, that the house of Kemys, Browne, and Co. mean to bring out our four whaling ships, of which the Harriet, now on her passage, is one.— Australian. Persons in search of an eligible location near town, would do well to look after '' Mount Lachlan", which adjoins Mr. Unwin's late prop- erty at the Surry Hills, and is to be put up to the hammer at the Royal Hotel on Wednesday evening the 2d proximo. The 185 acres which comprise the the estate, have been sub-divided into lots, varying from six to ten acres each. They are all well wat- ered, as the stream which turns the Waterloo Mill meanders through the estate, and every lot has a frontage to the high road. This, and the estate of our late respected Sheriff Mr. Mackness, which is also to be sold off in half-acres, is likely to attract considerable competition.—Australian. Mr. Parker the ingenious constructor of the Hobart Town Aqueduct, has succeeded in bringing his work within a few hundred yards of the barracks. Mr. Parker has now at his command a fall of upwards of 10 feet, by which he will be enabled to introduce the water into the barracks at whatever part may be decided on. " When the Public (it Is observed by the Tasmanian,) recollects, that this operation has been performed by fourteen or fifteen men in all, commencing nearly at the summit of the magnificent Mount Wellington, working as they did for months in a most inclement climate, scarcely ever free from snow or rain, that their operations have extended to a line of seven miles— for the aquaduct is in all two miles carried through solid rock in many places for considerable distances —when all the hardships these men have under- gone are considered, to say nothing of the impor- tance and usefulness of their labours, we cannot but hope, that they will receive that most valuable of all rewards—the restoration to their liberty." CHIT CHAT.—On Saturday morning, the prisoners per Guildford were landed, and on Wednesday morning the prisoners per Layton. Among the latter are three men denominated on the voyage swells, and who, for such title, will no doubt be put in early possession of Wellington Valley for their portion (a lieutenant, as attorney, and a surveyor).—Mr. Therry, the new Commissioner of the Court of Requesst, was on Tuesday morning sworn in as a Bar- rister in the Supreme Court, the oath being administered after the form used to gentlemen of the Catholic persuasion.—On Tuesday, George Pearce was charged at the Police Office with being a riotous subject; having at late hours of the night, thrown fragments of rock at quiet people's doors, and kept a pack of ruffians at his beck and call,who made such constables run as attempted to take Geordy into custody, they being put in bodily fear; for all which pranks George was bound ever to keep the peace, besides being ordered three hours in the stocks.—On Saturday last the premises of the well-known house called "The Cherry Garden Tavern" on the Parramatta- road, were entered by some thieves, and despoiled of divers hams (Westphalia no doubt) and sundry pieces of pork; by exertion on the part of Lewis the Long-bottom constable, the savoury plant was sprung, and after a tedious search, three fellows were apprehended on suspicion and brought into Sydney.The brig Amity is fitting out at the dock-yard for More- ton Bay.—Part of the drain where the depre- dators were at work in the great Bank robbery, has fallen in, and left a gap not quite so large as to require a Quintius Curtius to jump is to close it, but of'sufficient extent to make the Directors look grave.—On Tuesday a man named Sly, was fully committed to take his trial for forging the signature of " Cooper and Levey " to a quantity of notes of one pound each, purporting to be Waterloo Ware- house stock, a man named Byfield (the approver) was admitted to bail in his own recognizance of £100.—On Tuesday a rowing match was contested between the Customs galley and a cutter belonging to the officers of the 39th regiment, called the Red Rover; the boats started on a signal given from the Cro- ????? man-of-war, and made the best of their way round Garden Island, and then pulled for the place of starting, which was gaimed in gallant style by the Customs' Cutter, leaving the unhappy Red Rover several lengths astern. Another match is in contemplation, in which native youths are to man the boats.—The Clydesdale had arrived at Hobart Town when the Sovereign left.—On Saturday last the car- penter of the brig Courier, while employed furling sails, fell from the fore- topsail yard, and if the fore-bowling had not brought him up, would have been dashed to pieces; as it was, he received considerable injury and was immediately conveyed to the hospital.—Our readers who are in the habit of perusing Lon- don papers, may recollect a person named Ikey Solomons having escaped from the cus- tody of two Bow-street officers (whom he bribed) while proceeding from Westminster- hall to Newgate, where he had been applying for Judge's bail, and was not heard of until it was ascertained that he had gone to Van Diemen's Land,whither his wife had been duly transported for receiving the same stolen prop- erty. Two Bow-street runners were sent to Van Diemen's Land to arrest him under a Warrant from the Secretary of State. Accord- ingly, on their arrival there they took him into custody, and will return with him to London by the first vessel. SUPREME COURT, MONDAY:—The Court opened this day, when Mr. Justice STEPHEN took his seat for the trial of the following prisoners:— Alexander Stewart was indicted for presenting a loaded pistol and snapping it at Edward Uther, at Parramatta, with intent to kill, dis- figure, disable, or do some grievous bodily harm to him, to wit on the 21st October last. It appeared in evidence, that prisoner lived in Uther's house at Parranatta; that on the day in question he was seen by Uther to go through his gate with a pair of trowser which belonged to Uther. On the latter questioning him, he stated that he had bought them in Sydney for 12s. 6d. which he could prove. To prevent a disturbance, Uther sent a man who lodged in his house to endeavour to persuade him to deliver them up, which the prisoner at length did; prisoner then went for a wheel-barrow, and said he would move his boxes; Uther refused to permit him to do this till he had examined them; he opened the lid of one of them, when prisoner took up a pistol which was at hand, and putting it to Uther's breast, pulled the trigger, when it flashed in the pan; the pistol contained four buck shot and a heavy charge of powder. Guilty—Remanded. Thomas Ashton was capitally indicted for a rape on the person of Elizabeth Price a girl aged ten years, at Parramatta, on the 3rd Oc- tober last. Mr Kerr conducted the prosecution. Mrs. Buckley stated, that she remembered the last races at Parramatta; witness was acquainted with the girl Elizabeth Price, who with her own daughter went to the races. They did not return the same evening. Wit- ness heard that a man had taken them off the race course; witness did not know prisoner previously to this transaction. Mrs. Bowen stated, that she lived about a mile and a half from Parramatta on the Liver- pool Road. She knew the prisoner at the bar and saw him with Elizabeth Price and Mary Buckley on a Sunday Morning, the 14th of October between eight and nine o'clock ; wit- ness took the girls both home to their several mothers. John Bowen stated, that he took the pri- soner into custody on the 4th of October last; witness saw him coming down the Liverpool-road: the two girls were walking behind him. Their clothes were much torn and they were crying; witness took prisoner into custody, having heard that some man had ta- ken the children off the race course; the pri- soner when taken into custody, stated he was a free man but had lost his certificate; witness did not question him respecting the children. Elizabeth Price aged 11 years stated, that she was in company on the day in question with another little girl, named Ann Buckley on the race course. During the races the prisoner came up and asked them to go with him into the Bush and gather some berries; under this pretence he coaxed them out to the Liverpool-road and took them into the bush: it was then nearly dusk; he then told them he could not find the way to take them home and that they must sleep there all night; prisoner then pulled some bushes and made them lie upon them. After a short time they heard a noise of some person calling, which witness knew to be her mother, and a pistol was also fired; it was then quite dusk; pri- soner said it was bushrangers; on witness and the other girl attempting to call out, prisoner got behind a tree and said, the ghost and devil would come if they did not hold their tongues; in a few minutes the noises died away. The prisoner then began to take liberties with the witness, who here narrated with much natural modesty, the brutal villainy of the prisoner at the bar. After he had deeply outraged the per- son of one, he then attempted the same iniquity towards Ann Buckley, in which however he did not succeed; in the morning, prisoner said he would take them home, and he brought them into the Liverpool-road, where he was appre- hended, and they were taken home. (This witness was corroborated in her statement by the testimony of the other little girl Ann Buckley.) Dr. Sherwin of Parramatta stated, that he was called upon on Sunday the 4th October to examine the body of Elizabeth Price. He found that violence of the worst kind had been used towards her person. Witness was of opinion however the violence might have been caused by other circumstances; after examining the child, witness requested Dr. Anderson to exa- mine her. They had difficulty in swearing that the prisoner was the man who actually committed the act of violence. The prisoner when called upon for his de- fence said, that he knew nothing of the tran- saction. The learned Judge then reviewed the evi- dence, and begged the Jury to divest them- selves of any of those irritable feelings which were likely to be entertained in a case like the one before them. The Jury after a consul- tation of ten minutes, found she prisoner Guilty—Remanded. TUESDAY.—Judge Stephen having taken his seat on the bench, proceeded to pass sentence of death upon Samuel Stewart, (convicted under Lord Ellenlborough's act of an attempt to shoot Edward Uther) and also on Thomas Ashton, (convicted of a rape upon the person of Elisabeth Price, a little girl aged 10 years.) Mr. Stephen warned them to entertain no hope of mercy in this world, as shortly they would be ushered into the presence of their Maker, to whom alone they could look for forgiveness. WEDNESDAY.—Amos Crisp and George Graham were indicted for stealing at Liver- pool, three oxen, one heifer, and one cow, the property of Harriet Hanks, on the 24th of October. The prisoners were both acquitted without entering upon their defence, the evidence being too slight to continue the trial. We are happy to learn that the hail storn at upper Hunter's River, while it destroyed the crops of one or two settlers, and cut up a thin margin of those of others, did not on the whole destroy much wheat. We understand however, that an old and industrious Emi- grant Settler, (Mr. J. Rotten, formerly our deputy Sheriff) has had his crop levelled with the ground as completely as if it had been reaped. This Gentleman has a wife and family, and is very unable to bear up against so signal and unlooked for a calamity. Mr. Shea, whose arrival has been announced in the papers as the clerk of Mr. Therry Commissioner of our Court of Requests, has been admitted as an Attorney in Dublin, and intends we understand to apply for admission as a practitioner in our Courts here. We are not of the opinion with some, that our Courts here are over done with practitioners. Compet- ition in law, is as necessary to secure to the pub- lic industry and moderate charges, as it is in trade. If competition induce low practice, as some allege, it is the fault of the profession and of the Courts not to put it down, by striking every venal Attorney off the Rolls as his delinquencies make their appearance. The public here have no more right than the public of England, to be ridden by a monopoly of Attorneyship, merely because a false leni- ency may be exercised towards venal Practi- tioners. " England expects every man to do his duty" said a great warrior; this is true in other professions besides that of war. A daring robbery was committed about 9 o'clock. on Wednesday morning week, on the estate of the Rev. SAMUEL MARSDEN, at Prospect-hill. Two armed bushrangers entered the overseer's hut. in which were the overseer's wife, and a young man servant on the farm, both of whom were treated with considerable violence by the robbers, who threatened to shoot the man if he offered the least resistance. They then proceeded to search the hut, and carried off a gun, some meal, and a quan- tity of clothing belonging to the labourers on the farm, who were then at work not far from the scene of depredation. Shortly after they had departed, the overseer came in, and being made acquainted with what had taken place, went in pursuit, accompanied by one of the men; but on coming up with the robbers, they threatened to shoot them if they did not return. (!) The bush- rangers were both young men and, from their accent, appeared to be natives of Ireland. They had on duck trowsers, blue jackets, and black hats; and such was the deliberation with which they carried on their proceedings, that the overseer's wife states, she would be able to identify them at any time. Our informant says, there is little doubt but that they would have commnitted murder if they had been opposed, from the undisguised manner in which they perpetrated the robbery, in the open day, on land cleared to a considerable extent on every side, and almost within sight of five men who were working on the farm.—(Gazette.) 