TxH next parliamentary document publihhed by the Official'Journal, is the following. ENCLOSURE No. 2.. To TIgE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIAN,. Colonial Secretary'. O3ice. ,Dqe. 1, 1826. . 1. SIR,-As you appehr to have ben ,iihsled by the statewloet which was seat to your paper respecting Sudds, the soldier of the 57th, who died on Satuirda ,q-. 1 a:n induced to put you in possession of the far1,;T the re, :a'.. order to. correct any 'vronen 'o? im- imre sion ýlich may have been made .t;:. state'i÷ t. -. 2\. :t apiper'bythe Surgeon's report .th.i?ad. after reieiwviug :setence of. transportation, -" ,ppij , o .thile 1lt i oft . ovewber for medical anaistance, and was in cotnsequence received into the grauel hospia- ' where he revinAi'ned 'under treatinert uintil the 16th, when he was discharged, apparently well." 3.. Instead. of. being. transported, it was directed that. he. sltould work on the roads in chains, it being c nceivedl, that the example would be useful in pre.. ventin:g other soldiers from making a similar attempt . to obtain their discharge from the service. To show tlhit this punishmeut is considered a mitigation of the sentence, when substituted for transportation,. it is only necessary to state, that applications from the prisoners tir such commutations are very numerous; i and tire constantly received after sentence of trans. portation has been passed on them. 4\. On Wednesday the 22d, Sudds was marche from the goal (not being on the sick-list at the tiine. k to the' barracks,' where,'. between eleven and twelve,.e* o'clock, the chains were put on him, and he was se,:. back to the gaol. 5\. If you have any desire to examine the chains you are at liberty to do so ; they are now at my office, and are the counterpart of those put on 'Thompson; they weigh exactly 13lbs. 12oz.; and it will be seen fro : their construction, that they are not" of such a na ture and form, as to prevent a man from extending., body, and from lying on his back, belly, or side when he would endeavour to sleep. 6\. Your informant states, that at the time the chains'. were put on him, " he was so ill as to be scarcely able to stand." You add that you understand he " became I so ill on Saturday, that the surgeon ordered the instru ments which tortured him to be removed." Both, these statements are incorrect. I have already -shown, from the surgeon's reporit, that he was not ill when the chains were put upon him on Wednesday the 22nd'.!, and his subsequent .ilness took place, on the 24th ':! (Friday), when he again reported himself sick, and was forthwith admitted a second time into the gaol hospital. On admission, the irons' in which he was confined were immediately removed. 7\. As the object of every honest Journal is to inform, and not to mislead the public, you will, I have no doubt,., in justice to the Government, insert this letter yi your next paper. I am Sir, your most' obedient servant;. (signed) ALEXANDER M'LEAy .j THE the third paragraph of this letter i rather uncandid. No convict transported. for Port Macquarie, Moreton Bay, .or even to Itso fell island of Gomorrah, would, we feel confident, 'petition to work out their sentence of 'seven or fourteen years transportation, on our Blue Mlountaiu Roads, in such irons as were put upon Sudda and Thomson.. Not to reiterate the me mark, that for the first offence, though formaal:. sentence of "transportationq'" he passed in .i many words, assignment is the.. legal punishmel " for the first offence, not banishment. (A4ei ment is a kind of domestic slavery.) THE fifth paragraph is true as to Sudds, b' not as to Thompson. The chains suspended fri Sudda's iron collar were. long enoug. ; but th ,' suspended from Thompson's Were not so.". could not stand upright in them. This indue? d him finally to .break them; and(,then Suddtae suit' (Sudds being then dead) were put on.Thompson, which fitted him better. But why were not the.: men measured before the cnains were made? Such carelessness is unpardonable, seeing the" painful results it led to. The iron collar would prevent any man' from sleeping, unless in very ;'. robust health. THE sixth paragraph is -rounded on the tfrg that Sudds was not on the Gaol sick-list on 22nd., the day of the fatal ceremony or, exec? tion. But all who saw Sudds, knew he was P and very ill too,.and was indeed scarcely able' stand. It is also incorrect to say "he became i oa on Friday;" and this shews that great negligence i towards these unhappy men rests somewhere,; for Sudds reeled to and fro when he returned I from the ceremony or execution. And the same I night, as we have before related, he was expected to give up the ghost. It was also incorrect to state, that on admission : into the Hospital on the day after the cereimony,r, " the irons in which he was confined were iras-i mediately removed." The slow fearful sort of ' humanity of the under-Jailors, induiced tlhem~ to i move the dying man out of his ,ward at 6 o'Clock next morning, but the Surgeon did aaop arrive titl noon; and during the interval of e •ght hours, neither the Turnkeys, nor T'homson, Sur geon's attendant, dare remove the olIal chains. They distinctly say so. '" Tua next Parliamentary paper is the follow. ing: ENCLOSURE, No..3. .'. :i: : E?tract from Act Nio ' o t?he Lewagidlet, .Council, dated 1i6tM Aurgust, 1826.:' "And be it further enacted, that it shall be brlawr " ful for the said Governor, or Acting doverhno, by '' anorder in writing, registered in the office of. tShi " Secretary. of the said Colony, to withdraw anyper ** son or persons, noV qr hereafter to be transported " or sent to any penal settlement or place as? afbra ?? " said, and to employ him, her, or them .either in. " irons on the public roads or works, or in the ordi " nary service of the Crown; or to assign him, her " or them, to settlers or others, to be dealt with in " all respects as if he, she, or they, were under ueae " tence of transportation from England." i Yxs certainly. Because this order adds pot, but ' dedu'cts from the punishmentof offlenders. huk would be a singular practical luttrpretation:w Gib:Order iii Council, if the Governor were to . e.i convict junst disembarked from England, riid s an indulgelnce or commnutat.in, send him ';his sentence, .(scven years; fourteen years;: rfor:life;) to work in iirons on the " public roads ENCLOSURE,.No. 4. 1 'r :'oa the case of Joseph. Sudd4s, late . pri.Qner . in the.. Sydney Gaol. .. 'he. aibove-named. prisoner applied, ozn 11th reniber, -for medical asaistance, and was in conse rte' gecti.ed into the gaol hospitad,; where. he re d,under treatmtent until the l1th, wheni he was ar apparently well. .On the 24thqf the same month he agaih reported ,i sick, and was forthwith admitted a second Sito ithe gaol hospital ; on admission, the irons in . hiche was confined were removed immediately niedicine administered. He refi?ed sustenance Jevry kind, except a little tea; and in talking to him fbis iskraiee, he declared he nrer roulod uwork in , tind wished himself out of the world. Findirg Sim In a state of delirium on the 26th instant, he was .;s wpoved to the general, hospital, where he Srnally became worse, and expired the following ;porning, 3\. After a minute dissextion ofthebody, no apparent ai ..Se was found to exist to account for hia immediate 4,,The only deviation that could be perceived, was a premsture enlargement of the liver, although that rgan was. other res'pects-healthly. r., .h,(iped) 1 V: JA&MES; MAtNC'IY ." .4ro the Hon. Alexander M'Leay, Colonial Secretary, &c.; &c.;, &c;" WE by no means accuse Mr. M'Intyre of wilful ;s-statement. But had he enquired more particularly , he would have foind, that Sudds nad been 4etiýemved from his Iward on the 24th four houts before he arrived, and it was four hours more be fre the 5hains were taken off him, Mr. WM'Intyre here explicitly declares, "after a ;i ,iaute dissection of the body, no apparent cause wsM found to exist to account for his immediate :death." We are led therefore to the conclusion, that Sudds died of a broken heart; from a s ens of unprecedented, and illegal degra .idaio? and torment, however incorrect' .his .rjdem ea the subject might be, judging as he did ezx-agrte. . No. II. C1opy of a Despatck addressed 0 Earl Bathurst, b 'Lieant-General Darling, dated 12th Decem bir 1826 :-- Without l ,nclouare. NEW SOUTH WALES. , (Separate) Government-house, 12th Dec. 1826. ;), 'My Lord,-Conceiving it would be satisfactory fIt Majesty's Government to have authentic, in 'a otion of every circumstance connected with the. ,.l t of private Joseph Sudds of 57th regiment, h event I had the honor -to report to your Lord in my despatch of the 4th instant, marked ki. pO rate ;" I judged it advisable to bring the mat A" pader consideration of the Executive Council, rioder that it might be fully and minutely investiga '. the Council sat two days, and examined the Semployed in the gaol-hospital who had an runity of seeing Sudds during his confinement. t r Lordsh!pi will perceive by the minute of Council, h 'hbave the honor to enclose, that Sudd's death, Sin ia respect be attributed to the' proceedings. ch took place. The circumstances of the case are efy as foillows; viz. 3\. Sudds was unwell from the time of his having :i seat to gaol. He was swollen, and stated he .21A? formerly suffered from dropsy. \- 4. He. became ill about fourteen days after. He ~ t into the hospital on this occasion ; dischar 12 Q it, and afterwards tried. f 4 ,e again became ill, and was treated by the 4 + from the 11th to the 16th November, but not i that occasion. , . g marched to the barracks on the 22d, when " a fdans (weighing 13les. 1doz.) were- put on him, i ihe.eturned to the gaol. 7\. On the following day, the 23d, he was reported to he ill, and the chains were consequently removed. ."; The chains were put on a man of,Sudds's sizeand .st?ture in presence of the Council, an it was proved ?h? bactual experiment, that• Sudds could ne s have sus :itaed any injury from them 94:. 1 it cannot be disputed, that the mode ofconducting :the gao-lhospitaJ has been extremely defective and ,i? Lphensible. i% 10. The statement of Thompsou, the hospital atten d4nt, who was remarkably collected, is clear and cir S.?*bcumstantial:; to the truth of which he haa made oath. Siy'jfe resides in the hospital, and has the immediate care S.1'?the patients ; and is the person who prepares and i administers the medicines. 'It will be sen, thathe hidiffers almost in every particular 'rom Mr. M'Intyre, bt4Jhe assistant surgeon. 1 ''1. Lhave only to add, that no report was made by "Mr. Bowman, the principal surgeon, or his assistant, ;J"f the illnes of Sudds;.consequently the Government ) 4d no reason to suplpose he was unwell; nor does it +i.ndeed appear, that the surgeon considered him to be so ,, he had not seen him for five days previous to the 2ngtid of November, when the ceremony of pitting on be chains took place. . , 12. Being satisfied from what h.s now occurred, .that the conduct of the hospital requires ipvestigation, Ishall immediately appoint a Board to inquire into the :.imanagement and system of the hospital generally, in -,order to its being pilced on a proper footiug; and 1 shaIll have the honor of communicating the result for 0ur Lordship's information. " 1 have the honor tobe with the Utmost deferehce and respect, your Lordship's most obedient and • ?:l" most humble servant, V,. RALPH DARLING. e Righ t Hon. the 1arl lathurst, I 0 &( , c. c ." '1iHE sccon:i paragraph shews, how naturi t it s. for persons, beinag judges in thejir otvzi cause, to -dege in their own favour. In thetreatment en du4idi'uytids, either the Governor or Mr. M'ln tyre .must be to blame beyond what we can ven ture to describe. If Mr. M:Intyre never cosmmu nicated w tth his: Excellency, of .course he is to blame% .It, : on the contrary, he reported every tli'ing. pertoiniug. to Sudds as it transpired, then 'i;e.is comparatively b;lamneless; but if the Gover nor was unupprised of Sudds's sickness and suffer lojgs all .along, then.the harshne3s practised upon the .wretchell: man. is not to be laid • at the door of I.ls Excellency. Though- having men about him learned in the law, all his mistakes as to the law of the case,, we consider to be without ex tenuation. EIGHTH paragraph. It does not follow, because the chains were put on a man of Sudds's size and stature in the presence of tihe Council, that Sudds counld not have sustained any injury from themi. Before Sudds and Thompson were made sub ject to a tight iron dress, and consequent ly to much slow torment, they ought to have been measur'ed. .Sudds's chains were long enough, but 'Thompsoii's were too short. Again;. Sudds's collar was. too tight, whereas it fitted Thmpson very well, 'when afterwards put on the latter. PARAGRAPH eleven goes much to vindicate the Governor, His Excellency declares expressly, ' that' .Gbvernunent "had no reason to suppose ''Suddts rass iel'l." Therefore if th's be correct, Mr. M'Intyre must be made a principal in any enqniry, commission, or trial which inay finally take 'place as to the fate of Sudds. But why .after Sudds's death; did His Exceilency pursue the, same measures as to Tlhompson, and nheglect to con sult his constitutional advisers, till the latter.had also nearly expired with suffering ? ENCLOSIURE. Extract from 'Afinute, No. 22, of the proceedings of the Executive Council; dated 6/th Decem ber 1826. ' 1I "The Governor then brought under the consider ation of the Council, the circumstances connected with the death of private Sudds, of the 57th Regi ment,. and adverted to the various mis-statements which had appeared in the public papers, on this sub ject, as well as to a remarkable discrepancy between Assistant surgeon M'lntyre's first verbal relation of the facts to him, and his subsequent written report. It was, therefore considered advisable to examine the persons connected with the gaol, who, from their . situations," were most likely tobe acquainted with the particulars of, the case. 2.Martin Wilson, Under-gaoler, was called in, and made the following statement; viz. 3\. About fourteen days after Sudds was sent to gaol, he was taken ill,and complained to me; but I do not know if he was then treated by the surgeon. After his trial, I heard no more of his illness for some time. 4\. When he complained to me, I asked him what he thought was the matter with him? He replied, "' that he thought it was his old complaint, the dropsey." 5\. He was then taken to the prison hospital, and remained there about three or four days. He was discharged from the hospital, and returned again to the " fines room," where he had been previously con- fined. This is an apartment were persons found guilty of misdemeanours are confined. He remained there a few days, when he sent to inform me, by Mr. Toole, that he was ill. 6\. I went to see him, and thinking him unwell, I directed him to be placed, in the prison hospital, to be examined by the surgeon. 7\. Mr. M'Intyre saw him about twelve or one o'clock that day ; this was shortly after he, Sudds, com- plained of being ill. I was informed by Mr. Thomp- son, the hospital attendant, that Mr. M'Intyre affirmed there was nothing the matter with Sudds, and had ordered him to be put in irons. He remained in the hospital, with his irons on, until the 22nd of Novem- ber, the day he was taken to the barracks. 8\. Previous to leaving the gaol, the irons were taken off. 9\. Sudds was removed from the gaol at about half past ten o'Clock in the forenoon, and was marched to the barracks. He appeared to be unwell, and put his hand on Thompson's shoulder as he descended the steps; but Ihe did not complain (I). 10\. I conducted him to and from the barracks: he did not complain on his return to the Gaol (!). 11\. He complained of being ill, on Thursday the 23rd, at about twelve or one o'clock, and he was taken the same day into the fines room to the hospital, and the irons put on him at the barracks were taken off, and I put them into the store. 12\. I saw him in the hospital, but had no commu- nication with him. 13\. Sudds was sent to the General Hospital on Sun- day evening 26th November." FOURTH paragraph. - It is remarkable, that private Thompson, when once questioned on the subject of his comrade Sudds being liable to dropsy, affirmed, he never heard Sudds say he was liable to this complaint, either in the West Indies or elsewhere. Still however, Sudds might have had the dropsy in the West Indies; although he did not mention it to Thompson. His body, legs, and feet, when stripped on the parade, were puffed, so that considerable force had to be used to get the Government slop-shoes on his feet, on that occasion. Yet when dissected, no appearance of dropsy was found by Mr. Mc'In- tyre. NINTH and tenth paragraphs, We consider this part of Mr. Wilson's statement, rather extra- ordinary. Sudds was so feeble without the iron col- lar, that on descending.the flight of steps in the Jail, he was obliged to put his hand on Thompson's It is very singular, there should have been selected underlings, (freed men) for thls examination, rather than the Sheriff, sub- Sheriff,and head gaoler, &c.; En. shoulder. On the' parade, he was feeble and helpless almost to insensibility, it happening to be a sultry day. In returning, the cavalcade had to stop in George-street several times to en- able Sudds to rest, He re'eled like a drunken man, and was finally enabled to proceed by incans of constables supporting him on each side. If therefore he did not complain, to Mr. Wilson, we can only attribute his silence to a speechley. kind of insensibility. He complained however, in the afternoon to the sheriff, saying he should cer- tainly die that night, unless the chains were re- moved. ELEVENTH paragraph. This gives us a sorry idea of Mr. Wilson's testimony. Sudds was near death all Thursday night. Yet according to Mr. W, he did not " complain" till 12 or 1 o'Clock next day ! The fact is, he was removed from the ward of the "confines" at 8 o'Clock in the morning of Friday, on account of extreme illness, though he might not be let inside to the Hospital, till noon, or early in the afternoon. IN concluding our strictures on this document, we wish to point out to our readers, that the Exe- cutive Council consisted of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor (Stuart), the Chief Justice, the Archdeacon, and the Colonial Secretary. His Excellency the Governor was himself present at the Council. He therefore sat as I resident in a cause which was partly his own. Was it likely therefore any officer under the Crown ;- -was it likely any Colonist whatever would speak freely ? We consider this " proceeding" before the Coun- cil ,to be as unconstitutional, as it was contrary to plain sense and reason, if we are to look at it as an impartial commission of enquiry. If His Excellency had studied the most constitu- tional way of making an enquiry into the causes of Sudds's death, he should have directed the Co- roner to call a special jury of citizens -of, inde- pendant men, being neither in the commission of the peace, nor land-expectants, nor Government contractors; men who would have gone into the enquiry with an indifferent mind. He should have directed Mr. M'Leay, in the capacity of Home Secretary of State for the Colony, to require the Coroner to hold an open Court, to examine all witnesses who tendered evidence, and particularly to examine the Sheriff, Gaolers and other inmates of the Gaol, and more especially Sudds's friends, such as Thompson, &c.; &e.; This would have been satisfactory ; and this only. John Toole,first Turnkey, was next called, and stated as follows; Sudds was taken ill a few days before he was tried; he was swelled very much from his head to his feet. He was bled, and received opening medicine. After his trial he became worse, and was placed in the prison hospital, where he remained two or three days. He was then discharged by order of the principal and assistant- surgeons. He was again taken ill, and remained in hospital on this occasion two days ; he had irons on, by order of the assistant surgeon. On Wednesday, the 22d of November, these irons were taken off, and he was marched to the barracks. He seemed low spirited and unwell on his return from the barracks," he remained for that night in the " fines room," with the irons which were put on at the barracks. The following day he was taken ill, and was put into hospital, and the irons were removed by me, on Thursday the 23d November about 4 o'clock . On Sunday following, Sudds was sent to the gene- ral hospital." THE brevity of these witnesses or deponents, or whatever else they may be called, is just what we should expect from dependants of the Government when asked to depose to facts,which they conceived might hurt the feelings of the president of the body before whom they stood. John Thompson, Medical attendent at the Gaol, was then called and stated as follows ; vic. " 1. In the early part of November, Sudds was ill and was as out-patient; he was bled and took opening medicine. Some days after, about 9 o'clock m the evening, he was brought into the sick ward, and was very ill; he mas much swollen; he complained of ..his head and bowels; I made him foment his belly on the following morning with hot water; it removed the pain and swelling from his belly; but the swelling in his legs and thighs still continued. * S2. When the surgeon came in the forenoon, he Sordered him to be discharged from the hospital; his head and bowels were then bet*er, but the swelling of' his legs and thighs still continued. * 3. He ment oned, that hie supposed it. top be dropsy, the same complaint he had formerly had tn attack of, ; in the West Indies.. 4\. He remained out of hospital a few days,' when be again returned in a much worse state than heifor merly was 1 made him have recourse to same fomenta tions and opening medicines. I asked hinm. when he cameinto hospital, " what is the mattter with you ." he said, '" my belly is like, a drum.' " 5\. He remained in hospital with the gaol irons on, .until tl e morning of the 22nd; the irons were then struck off, and he was taken to the barracks.. 'On his return he was again puit to the " fines room ;" the next day (Thursday the 23d), between twelve and two he was brought to 'the hospital and placed in bed. 6\. Mr' M,lntyre sawv him immediately, and ordered his irons to be taken of; Mr. Toole, to whom this order was given, replied, that the irons had been put on by direction of the government, and he could not Sremove them. Mr. M'lntyre 'observed, the irons are too heavy to be worn here, and they must be taken off whilst he is in the hospital, at any rate. 7\. About four o'Clock that afternoon, sometime after Mr. M'lntyre went away, the irons were taken' of. 8\. Sudds continued to get worse, and was removed to the general hospital on Sunday afternoon. He had complained from the first time he was taken ill, in the beginning of November, of a pain in his throat, and of a difflculty in brpathin ; which diffilculty In. creased to sea· `eghee "Uste O l scarcelp breai, and was totSll7 uasbsl to4iks jiineint after Fri, day, whena he toik in'saypt e .W'ii rttle :. .9. On SBa trday.hewa imil teawalloW any thing but a.Itatrla d whti :l ":1 "pI t his moutihwith the spoon ;' and this inbility to ta ":food continued ultt' his removal. 10\. From the time of his firs coming into tliepg ot hospital early'in November, he had no, appetite g;;he scarcely ate any thing, .and appeared to have an inea.e: sant desire to'drinlk.'" , SPi*A Avxu third. This, if correct, seems to intimate that iUidds'scomnplaint was similar to dropsy in its symptomsu, ht all. events.. .. PA?.AIea[s sixth. nMr. M'Intyre " saw him" "immediately." This form of expression would. 'imply haste, zeal, and humanity. Our readers will judge fromt what has been before narrated, how fur, these qi~alities were in exercise in His Majesty's Gaol, as regards the medical treatment of Sudds. This witness or deponent, is the one, whom His Excellency eulogises, by calling his statement " clear and circumstantial ;" and by saying that Mr. Thompson, in giving' it, " was remarkably collected." Accordinag to Mr. 'r., the irons were not removed till four in the' after, noon, although Sudds had nearly died the prece. ding night. And T'oolesecms to have 'dmonished the Doctor, to beware hovy he removed i ons which had been ordered to be kept on by such pnplicit directions of " the CGove;n.ent:." far. M'I'ntyrei, however, began perhaps to think Sudds Mould die; and that if he should die in the hospital ~wit they irons on him, the English people would not ap. proveof that sort of shroud. . PA AgaRPH eight. Here' the throat seems to come again, into consideration. ..ironch?ies are here alluded to. "An iron co0ll. wis doubtless o bad remedy for a sore throat. . .. Dr. Bowman, Principal 'Si rgeon, was called in,. and desired to state any circumlstances within' hiir knowledge, respecting the illness and death of Joseph Sudds. He stated as follows. ', " I saw Suddsin the gaol; and was informed by iMr. M'Intyre that he" had been treated for a slight affect. tion of dropsy, " anasarca;" that he did not'see.hinu Sagain until he was removed to the general hospital, on the evening of the 26th of November." TaI principal Surgeon of the Colony, now In" Spector of Hospitals, with his new commºssion dated back nine months, by which he pocketi about £ 200 of our money for duty he never did, (the Colonial revenue being overflowing, and tax. ' ation little felt in the Colony, after a three years' drought) is even more brief than the Giaoler and ,Turnkeys. This is all we shall say co the five line evidence of Doctor Bowman, late Principal 'Surgeon, now Inspector of Hospitadls. " Captain Duniaresq, Acting Civil Engineer, stated, that the irons were countructed without any measure being taken of the individuals; that they weighed 13 lbs. 12 oz., and that there was nothing in their coq i6tuction to prevent the person wearing them, from t'ing in any posture. :the Council adjourned 'until :tbe' following day, Saturday the 9th." Tains gentleman is the brother.in-law of the. Governor. We would believe any thing said by ICaptain Dumnaresq, but'we know ltd was mistakeu iJbdut the measure of' the irons.. .Council Chamber, Saturday, '9th November 1826. APrenent, as .before.. . . '1." The Council met pursuant to adjournment ; alum : toIdier of the 5J7th, named desa °r@ . li ? ' 'nearly as possible of the size.and statr u of' ?t di ceased Suddo, was called in, and the chains Were pus on him, in presence of the Council. 2\. Mr. M'Intyre, the 'assistant osurgeon, having be? desired to attend with the hospital books, in order thab the Council might have an opportunity of ?iscrtaini~g the periodo of Sudda' admission into the hospital, bf his dismi~ral, the progress of: his digence, and ether circumstances connected with the case; I~r. M'1ityio said, it was out of his power to produce any bqoksu s no record wa.s kept- in the gol-hospital of the' pp tients admitted, or of their treatment. 3\. On being desired to produce the record' of Suidd dissection,he stated, that none had been kept. - ' 4\. In consequence of Mr. M'intyle's written r?pos of the events connected with the death of Sd4i_ being so muh at variance with his first relation o% them to the Governor, in the presence of the Colonia Secretary 1ir. A1'Leay, was called on to state hiatus. collection of whet'passed on that occasion, when he delivered a deposition on oath, to the following.e cfec? vb? :-'w 5\. In consequence of observations contained in the Australian newspaper respecting the death of Joseph Sudds, late a private in the 57th reglmerne of foot, who was recently convicted of theft, and sentencet to transportation, I sent for Mr. Jamreo M'Intyir?,th colonial assel8tant-surgeon, who is charged with ?hq care of the nick in the gaol; and having accompanied him to Government House on the 29th of .November last, I leard itifi there state, in the prec?enc of the o vernor, that he, Mr, M'Intyre, had 'remarked, to Suddo, when he was under treatment duringhis first illness, afer his conviction, that he had bi'ou'ght himself and his corps into great disgrace. by '.tlie sentence whlich had been passed upon him, and that' Sudds had observed in replyb that "he Poul neyer go to a penal settlement." ' 6\. Mr. M'Intyre on the same ocasion stiated, tha Sudds's second diness was reported-to 'him the uie morning aRter the chains had been put'on.thirni a:tt. barracks, and that the cbains wpre on that day takeLn off; upon which it was thien remarked by the Goveaq~ thqt Sndds could not have suffered from thei chauio as they could not hirp been on him four-and-ipntay hours. ' 7\. Mr. M'lntyre stated on the same occaqion toth? Governor, and in my presence, that on opening'h body Oif Sudds, after death, he, Mr; M'lityr,-b. served an inflammation, or inflammatory appea sc , extenqing from the chest upwards to the throat, ?'?tr it wan mor"e extensive, and which he obsoer 'd w , for con5inualton, te' i er ) (Continued from page 1469.) termed "bronchites ;" and also that Sudds' legs were swollen. 8\. And in consequence of its being strongly recom- mended by the Governor and myself to Mr. M'Intyre that he should be particular in his statements, as it was required that he should put them in writing, Mr. M'Intyre said, that he had been very particular in his observations on Sudds' case, knowing it was a sub- ject which the " rascally newspapers" would take up. Sydney, 11th December, 1826. I swear that the above statement is true. (signed) Alex. M'Leay. 9\. Sworn before me, this 15th day of Dec. 1826. (signed) F. Rossi. J. P. Superintendent of Police." PARAGRAPH second speaks for itself. PARAGRAPH fifth. Sudds is here represented as saying, not that " he would never work in chains;" as Mr. M'Intyre stated ; but that "he would not go to a penal Settlement." Mr. M'In- tyre however, having had plenty of time to re- fresh his memory, as to which of these expres- sions was actually made use of by Sudds, affirmed distinctly to the former as being the correct one. The expression is important, as it shews the dread Sudds had of the chains, whether their torment or degradation were considered. PARAGRAPH sixth. Although Sudds had the collar-chains on only about twenty-eight hours in all, yet he had been ironed while sick in the Hospital eleven days before, namely, from the 12th of November to the 23rd. And when a man is very feeble, (as Sudds was,) to put on him an iron collar, and make him march a quarter of a mile under an almost vertical sun, and af- terwards to pass the night, and best part of another day with it on, without medical attend- ance, or attendance of any kind, is quite sufficient we imagine to ruin any man's constitu- tion. PARAGRAPH seventh. This is indicative, that Mr. M'Intyre was, after all, very undecided as to the true cause of Sudds's death. In the midst of his distracting doubts, therefore, why did he not request all the military and civil Surgeons in the Colony to attend the dissection, including Dr.Bland, a gentleman of the greatest and longest practice by four-fold, of all the faculty of the Colony ? Why trust to his own skill and opinion alone ? PARAGRAPH eighth. This does not look well. If the Doctor stood so much in dread of " the rascally Newspapers," he would have shewn his discretion, by calling to the dissection, a po- pular Surgeon, to explain to the Colo- nists the true circumstances attending Sudd's death. But no. Mystery and reserve seem to have been too pre-eminent, from beginning to end. No inquest. No board of medical enquiry. All accomplished by one Surgeon, and that Surgeon keeping no books, no record, no registry, no journal, no any thing. 1\. " The Executive Council having maturely con- sidered the statements of the several individuals who were brought forward, and the evidence of those who were examined on the various points, have to record their opinions as follows viz :— 2\. It appears that Sudds, the private Soldier of the 57th Regt. the subject of the present proceedings, be- came ill about fourteen days after he was sent to gaol he was unwell and had no appetite ; he said, he sup- posed his complaint to be dropsy, from which disease he had formerly suffered in the West Indies. 3\. That he continued in hospital until Wednesday, the 22nd of November, though not on the sick list, or visited by the surgeon ; that he walked to the barrack on that day, where he underwent the ceremony pointed out in the General Order of the 22nd November ; and from thence back to the gaol. 4\. That he complained of being ill on Thursday the 23d (the following day,) between twelve and two o'Clock, and was immediately removed to the hospi- tal in the gaol ; his irons were taken off by direction of the surgeon, about four o'Clock on that afternoon, having been on him about twenty-eight hours. 5\. That his illness increased, his breathing was much affected, and he was unable to take nourishment ; that he was removed to the general hospital on Sunday evening, the 26th November, and died the following morning. *,. Thatno report mas mmad;l by the Surgeon to the Government, at any time of Sudds' illness,'. nror was it known till after his decease. - 7\. That the chains which iave'been examined, weigh x.actly 13 ib. 12. oz. and having,k :i' presence tof the C 4ouncil, been put on a soldier .?f?pt ?p ,7ith regiment, .selected by his commanding offcer, as being o( thed' same stature (five feet seven and, alialt.inrches), and tszb, as his comrnade Sudds their dimensions . ,ere found S-to be ample, and there was nothiing in-their construc ..tioesto prevent a man lying in anyposture. 8\. That they were evidently intended to. produce an ."'ffect on those~who were to witness the ceremony, and not to subject the prisoner to any extraordinary puiiish uient. \- 9.. The.Council, in, closing its proceedings, could .ngot do so without remarking, though not intending to . impute any. improper, motive, to Assistanrt-surgeon .M, lntyre, that his statement was confused and incon Saistent. : 10. The Council had no doubt that this arose from bis want of recollection, and their being no book or .wecord kept in the hospital, to which he could refer to assist hispaemory,. SA: true Extract. Hf.. DUJMEREeO Clerk to the C uncil.' PAaRAonAPu thittf. It is singular Sudds's feeblenes' ji waLknllg down the steps to go to execution, and his increased feebleness on ila retursa , both which facts *.e testifie'l to by the utrnderliing witnesses examined by the Council,.should not be no'iced here ; when Sudds's own ekpre~ion abo, this being subject to the dropsy, ' is' c. efully noted in paIr:agraph the secocnd. PARAUaAPn tbird. Whence this sick list ? Mr'M'Ir. tyre acknowledges that no books nor any record were: kept by him;'whence then this sick list?' Was it not Doctor Bowman's duty as Surgeon-general of the Colony, to inspectand examine all the Government:. medical establishments in the Colony ? We do not hesitate to say, that in lieu of being rewarded with` £ 200, it ought to have been the subject of an Enquiry, why the Gaol hospital was permitted to be in the 'ituation it. was. His Excellency testifies to Lord Bathurst the deficiencies of the hospi tal in censurable terms. He himself condescen ded lately to prosecute an officer on charges of lesser importance than what might have been 'framed respecting the gaol hospital. PARAGRAPn fourth. One would suppose from this and the precediig paragraphs, that Sudds had conti nued in good health; or tolerable health (i. e. sick list health ; which seems to be a grade healthier than hospital health) from the time pf his imprisonment; but that he never " complained of being ILL," till the day after the execution ; and then not till 1 p. m. Now what was the fact ? It is notorious to all Sydney, that the man was scarcely able to walk to the. barracks on the day of the exeCution, and that he was isot .able to walk from it; for he required two constables to-support him. In the evening, he im plored the Sheriff, as he lay all along the great stone passage, to take off his irons, saying, he should surely die before next morning. And he did nearly expire before next morning. Yet Mr. Mackaness dared neither grant his request nor interfere at all. Mr. Mackaness was dismissed a year afterwards. Was it for his inhumanity to Sudds, and for not going to Government-house,'and informing His Excellency, like a second Cato or John the Baptist, the conse quences which would follow from the nature of Sudds's irons ? To behead a man who is sentenced to be hanged, (or vie e versa) is in law, murder- Vtet the sentence of Sudds and Thompson was changed to a severer punishment. How is it' the Chief Justice, a's a lawyer, and Arclideacon Scott as formerly Secretary to the Com missioner of Enquiryj could allow the Clerk of Coun cil (who is brother-in-law of the Governor) to write dovwn the above ten paragrgphs as the solemn for mal decision of the Council?. " The Executive "Council having malurely considered &c.; '&c.; have to rec6rd; &c.; &c.;" And what have they recor ded . Why ;.the most unaccountable mistakes; the grossest errors; almost all that is' said of Sudds being erroneous. PAAGRAGRAPH 6. This makes greatly in favour of the Governor. If. Mr. Mc'Intyre is not prepared to depose on oath, and if all the Gaolers and under lings are not prepared also to depose on oath, when called upon, that information was at no time conveyed to Governor Darling of Sudds's illnes, his Excellency's conduct towards the latter, whatever it was towards Thompson subsequently, is capable of vast extenua tion. Justice, which we love better than even the General's departure from New South Wales, requires us to say this. Nevertheless, it appears to us, the Executive Council were just as premature in record ing this paragraph, as theyi were the rest of their opinions. To be justified in recording what they- .have -done :.in the 6th. . paragraph, they would have been bound to examine every man on his oath, (a judicidl oath) that bore any kind of command or office in the Gaol, from the High Sheriff, down to the meanest Turnkey. PARAGRAPH seven much surprises us. Why not have determined the torment; of the. chains on the best evidence ? Why not have caused Mr. Mc'Intrre to say, whether the collar of Sudds was not too tight for his remarkably thick neck ? THE two last paragraphs are occupied in framing courtesies and apologies for Mr. Mc'lntyre's contradic- tions ard negligence in his office. But he was neither tried by a Court Martial like Capt. Robison, nor sus- pended like Lieut. Sweeney, nor refused a certificate of health like Major Hartly, nor dismissed like Sheriff Mackanners. IN concluding our remarks on this "proceeding" of the Executive Council, we have to observe, first, that His Excellency whose conduct towards Sudds was the object of the said "proceeding", was himself President, and his brother-in-law Registrar, or Clerk of the Council. 2ndly. WE should like to know what sort of a do- cument this proceeding is. Is it a statement, an opi- nion, or a special verdict ? And, it the latter, is the finding ample enough to admit of its being wor- thy of the name, of a true and accurate nar- rative of the whole of the circumstances ? We are afraid is is not. For instance, the following important facts are altogether unnoticed, Ist. No merntion is made, that Sudds was ironed all the time he was sick, previously to the ceremony or execution. 2nd. No mention is made of his being very feeble, when he went to the ceremony or exe- cution; and that he was not able to stand, without the support of two constables, when he returned from it. 3rd. No mention is made, that Sudds was nearly dead on the night of the day, of the ceremony, though we will undertake to prove this was the case, by indubitable testimony. And that Sudds desired religious conselation, in full expectation of death. 4th and Lastly. It is wholly erroneous to state (in paragraph four), that on complaining at being ill, on the 22nd. and 23rd he was immediately taken into the Hospital. He was so ill that every body out of the Goal took notice of it. He told the Sheriff in the evening, he should certainly die, that night, and implored him for God's sake to take off his chains, as the only way to preserve his life; but his entreaty was disregarded. No one in fact dared to give him the attention which his extremity imperi- ously required, and to which he was catitled by the laws of his Country, and the regulati- ones of every gaol in EnglanId. WITH respiect to ?p''a.graph, six, as we snid before, it iiakls rrmwh in favour of the Governsir. But how did the Council come to the conclusion on tii~A point e hijch they have done? it appears to us to be a decison without. evidence? Is-there anything on the mihutes of the " PROcEEilBo"to justify this remark ? ..BUT if true, his Excellency's s'ubsequent per. severance. in punishing 'Th6mpscn with the very same chains, till he fell sick, is still unaccounted for. PARAGRATHI eighth. The " intention" .which prompted 'the punishment of the chains must in law be gathered fiom' the animus which accom panied the putting' them on at first, and whith continued them on after the public papers had suggested to his Excellency their ille gality. HAVING now reviewed the Parliamentary pa- pers, which bring up the narrative of the case of Sudds and Thomson, to the death of the for- mer ; we will continue the narrative as it relates to the latter. Two days before Sudds's death, Thompson's patience being worn out with being obliged to bend his head forward in walking ; and to contract his legs in sleeping, on account of the shortness of his chains which were suspended from the collar, and fastened to the ancle rings ; his legs, like Sudds's, being swollen and sore with the occa- sional snatches of the chains, which forced the basils up towards the calves of his legs, broke them. This was on a Saturday, (25th Nov.) sub- sequently to his sending a petition to the Chief Justice, and to which he never received an an- swer. (This Petition we gave a copy of in a late number, but to make this narrative the more complete, we here subjoin it.) To His Honor Chief Justice Forbes, (Copy.) The Petition of Patrick Thompson, Most humbly sheweth, That Petitioner, late a private soldier in the 57th Regiment, is confined in Sydney Gaol, under sentence of transportation for seven years, on a conviction for petty larceny. That at a period subsequent to the passing of such sentence, petitioner was (without writ of Habeus Cor- pus, or other lawful authority ;) remanded from the Gaol to the Military Barracks, there loaded with irons of unusual weight and formation ; and subjected with- out any sentence of a Court-martial, to the military punishment of public exposure, and drumming out of the Regiment. Petitioner humbly submits, that a double punishment Civil and Military, for one offence, is contrary to the laws of England, and is a violation of the rights of a British subject. That petitioner, unlike any other prisoner under similar sentence, continues CHAINED in an extraordi- nary and cruel manner ; having his neck and legs fas- tened together by a chain, too short to allow the full extension of his body ; and an iron collar round his neck, with a spike in front and behind ; which pre- vent him from, lying on his back, belly, or side ; and excludes the possibility of sleep :— a species of torment totally irreconcilable with the spirit of the British law. Petitioner therefore most humbly prays your Honor's humane interference in relieving him from his torment including as it does a rigour beyond the law ; and to which he would consider immediate death preferable. And Petitioner ; as bound in duty will ever pray. (Signed) PATRICK THOMPSON. Sydney Gaol, WHEN the Turnkey perceived Thomson had broken his chains, he was taken to the Lumber yard to have them repaired. This occurred two days afterwards, namely, on Monday the 27th November. His irons were all taken off at the Lumber yard, and. the suit of irons worn by Sudds was put on him ; they being longer, and the collar being big enough for Thompson. WE do not know whether we are more sensi- tive than other people, but there is a something in this act which jars our feelings. Not only did the Government persevere in using the illegal chains, but rather than not be economical, Thomson was loaded with the very suit to which his deceased friend and comrade had attributed his death. ON the next day (the 28th) Thompson was es- corted in a boat to Parramatta, and thence in a cart to Penrith Gaol. On the 30th he was taken to Iron-chain Gang No. 1 which was stationed on the road on Lapstone Hill ; a hill situate on the first range of the Blue Mountains, and about forty-five miles from Sydney. He had had his chains on all this time, by night as well as by day. He arrived there in the afternoon, and was in- stantly set to work. He worked as well as he could for eight days, when from pain, fretting, and debility, he felt himself unable and unwilling to continue at work any longer. It happened to be very hot weather. Fortunately the collar, which was too small for Sudds, was large enough for Thompson. This iron neck-cloth however used to heat in the mid-day sun to such a degree, as to com- pel Thompson to sit down every opportunity and hold the collar with both hands in such a position, as that it should not touch his neck if possible, He described the heat of the collar intolera- ble, Of course, this excuse was not suffi- cient for the overseer of the gang, who used to come up and order him to go to his work. At the end of eight days, as we said before, he re- fused to work longer, requiring to be taken be- fore the magistrates or the doctor, to get redress. He felt that if he were riot redressed, he should at all events get out of the sun; and that the Gaol would be a great relief to his sufferings, He was taken to Gaol on the 7th of December. Next morning, the resident magistrate ordered his chains off. This he said was in consequence of orders from head-quarters, received the day before. Thompson was then returned to the gang, and or- dinary irons were put upon him, such as the pri- soners wore. But Thompson's irritation and suf- ferings had induced disease. Not dropsy nor bron- chites, but one equally dangerous and more loath- some. It was dysentery. At the end of of ano- ther week, Thompson refused to work, and demand- ed to be taken before the Justices. The removal of his collar- chains, caused him to feel more, as- sured than ever, that he was illegally dealt with ; and that what he had been told in Sydney of his being liable to assignment only, and not either to transportation or being worked in chains, was true. He also said, that he was sick and unable to work. In the Gaol he remained a week, being left there in order that Mr. Allen, the visiting district surgeon, might see him. Mr. A. gave him medicine, but said his sickness was trifling, and he might go to his work again. After being in Gaol a week (as before stated) and refusing still to go to work, he was taken before the Penrith Magistrates for disobedience. He there pleaded sickness, debility, and also the illegality of his punishment. He was remanded, until the Governor's pleasure on his case should be ascertained. In the mean time, his disease in- creased ; in about a week it assumed so danger- ous an appearance, that Sir John Jamison and Sheriff Mackaness, procured a cart, and put him in it ; and on the 26th December he arrived at the Hospital in Windsor. He was in the Hospital a month, during which he had a severe attack of the dysentery. At one stage of the disease he was given over. When discharged from the Hospital, the Chief Constable of Syd- ney was sent up to fetch him down to the Hulk in Sydney Harbour, where he arrived, about the 27th of January 1828. There he remained seve- ral months, until he was removed to Moreton Bay, where he is at this moment. There is a report, that at Moreton Bay he refused to work ; and that he was flogged for disobedience. If he did refuse to work, he would be punished of course. We shall conclude this very long article by observing, that if the Governor did not know the danger of these newly invented chains and iron collar before Sudds's illness and death, he certainly ought to have been convinced of it after that ca- tastrophe. If therefore the General be at all to blame in this affair of Sudds and Thompson ; if all he has has done be not strictly legal, we con- sider His Excellency's error much greater as regards Thompson, than Sudds. Ignorance may be pleaded with regard to the latter per- haps, but it cannot be with regard to the former, There is no doubt, but if His Excellency had not directed the chains and collar to be dispensed with, as to Thompson, just at the moment he did, the latter would have been a dead man. We re-iterate, we consider Thompson's transportation to the penal Settlement of More- ten Bay, for his first offence, an illegal act. The same of Edwards alias Lookaye. The same of Serjeant Baxter of the R. N. S. W. Veterans. FINALLY. This examination by and decision of an Executive Council, even when there is a Chief Justice in it, and that Chief Justice such a man as Mr. Forbes portrays in a striking view, the difference between a .Council and a Court of ,Law. We; mean an English Court. Our Council, and the decision under consider- ation, are just like the ex-parte decisions of Courts in all countries, save the United Kingdom, America, and perhaps Paris. The Governor was President, and his brother-in-law chief Recorder. " No man" (saith English law) " shall be Judge in his own cause." 