Off THE NECESSITY OF PERMITTING FREE DISTILLATION FROM GRAIN. To TH« HONORAILI Al.lXANDia M'LlAY, E»Q. «Vc. Sic. &e.; Sydney, Oct. 22, 1820. Sir, Socrates baa this remarkable and powerful pas- sage, which cannot be too often quoted. 41 Agriculture is an employment the moil worthy " of man-the most innocent and the most suitable " to his nature. It ia the common nurse of al I per " sons in every age and condition of Life. It is the « source of health, strength, plenty, riches, and of " a thousand aober delights and honest pleasures. It is « the mistress and school of sobriety, temperance, ». j us tico, reliigion, and in short of all the virtues " both civil and military." But if any proof were wanting of the paramount Interests of Agriculture, and its superiority over every other occupation of life, it may be seen at this mo- ment in the grateful acknowledgments of all classes of/people, in this Colony, for the late abundant and providential rains. It is only three months ago and all was despond- I ency and apprehension by reason of the long pro. I traded droufbt ; and now, by the merciful inter Îiosilion of Up great Parent of Good, the clouds invo droppejTfatness on the land, and every coun- tenance has assumed a look of joy. But wc aro too often in extremes in New South Wales, and the next fear will be a want of demand for our abundant crops ; for certain it is that men most experienced in the history of the past, already predict that wheat will be down to a dollar a bushel, and maize half a dollar} prices that will damp tho spirit« of the settlers, and tend to discourage next year, that general and improved cultivation of the country which is io important and desirable an ob- ject. Now then ia tho time for the wisdom and decision of our Legislative Council to aveit for ever any fears of future scarcity, and to raise this Colony to the highest pitch of prosperity. Let thom immediately givo notice of on Act that free Distillation from grain will be allowed after the 1st January 1831, at the reduced duty of six-pence ]ier gallon. This notice will give joy to tho settlers, excite all their energies nnd complete that happy change of times which wai commenced by tho lato wonderful change of seasons. A wide and permanent market will thou be opened to the crower of grain ; we shall see new land cleared that now lie wasto ; and, as a better system of Tillage will bo introduced, the quantity of pro- duce in brcad.com will be doubled i I nottrcblud all over the countty, for instead of being thrown to the horses and pigs as it used to bo in plentiful sea- sons, the overplus will find its way into the stills'. Then also, those ruinous fluctuations in price-that scarcity in the market that dependence on foreign countries for our daily bread, and that devouring j export of the precious mutais to pay for it, will all be put an end to. Besides, there is nothing like abumlanccas ; is said of Hesperus. " It bringeth all good things, homo to the weary, " to the hungry cheer." It lowers the price of la- bour, and promotes all sorts of improvements in buildings, plantations, fisheiies, arts, manufactures and commerce. But there can bo no unvarying abundance without remuneration, unit in so small u population as ours, and in such nu uncertain climate, there cannot long tie a remuneration for tho grain farmer, without the aid of distillation. It ia too late in the day to talk of the morals of the people, and the evils arising from the excessive use of ardent spirits ; this objection will now only do for the old women. Political economy is better known than it used to be, and drunkenness is, at any rate, better than famine, or even scarcity, and the p opie will leam to take care of themselves ; for the veriest blackguards, if they have any regard to their health and comfort, to say nothing of their regard for character, will soon cease to indulge them- selves in spirituous liquors when they can make «themselves drunk for a lew coppers. The only serious objection or difficulty in Colonial Distillation is one purely of revenue, and even that is nothing, if the Council avail themselves of the power given to them by Parliament for IV. George IV. levying duties, namely 15 per cent on all goods, not the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, besides the high duties ou Spirits and Tobacco. But the deficiency arising from the increased coa. sumption of Colonial spirits would not be im- mediate, but on the contrary very gradual, for a twelvemonths notice ought to be given, in justice to the holder« of imported spirits, so another twelve. months would be exhansted before the Colonial spirits would obtain any extensive sale. The deficiency of revenue would therefore oniy begin in 1832 and this wonld not exceed £10,000, because the public taste could not be altered so suddenly notwithstand- ing the comparative cheapness of one spirit over the other In 1833, the annunl deficiency might reach «¿"20,000, and the year 1834, would probably bring it up to ¿30,000, beyond which no deficiency could be considerable, as there will always be a certain number of rum and brandy drinkegs, be the price what it may. Now the lo per cent, ndvalorera duties, on foreign goods, will more than meet theil ¡ghost of these defi- ciencies, for looking at the importations from China, Bengal, Mauritius, Batavia. Itio, Valparaiso, Ham- burgh it is seen in a moment that the additional 10 per cent duty on the value of such cargoes would more than cover the falling o ft" in the duties on spirits, espe cially if instead of taking the merchant's invoice there were one fixed, and permanent valuation agreed upon for the principal articles of foreign produce brought to this market, as is practited at the Cape, those for instance of tea, sugar, wines, spices, rice, 4*c. Ice. There would be no occasion to alter the existing duties on tobacco or foreign spirits ; tliey are high enough for the present at any rate, and need only be increased in case of any greater falling off of revenue consequent on the disuse of imported spirits, on which the great bulk of the present revenue is levied. Thus it is clear that the Government need not fear any deficiency of Revenue, let the free distillation from grain take place when it «ill, and here the only valid objection to the measure ia done away with. There could be no better time than the present moment for announcing the proposed alterations, for as it must bo done sooner or later, it were a pity to stifle or retard the industry of the country, by any . unnecessary delay, when the great bulk of the set- tlers are in great need of the fostering care of Govern- ment, on account of the late severe seasons of drought, and the too rapid transition which the Colony has been forced into from a pastoral to an agricultural state. Free distillation will be to New South Wales what the safety valve is to the steam engine ; it will regulate and equalize the prices and the supply of the first necessary of life, " bread corn." And as a sim- ple proclamation from Government House, can open or shut the stills at any time, there can never occur any reason in future years for alarm, however great the drought, as the supply intended for the dis- tillers will be turned into bread, and they may go a working with sugar molasses or fiuit. The wisdom of the British Parliament in their Act, 4th Geo. IV. will after all prevail, and then we shall see that it was a pity that our fust Council in Sir '1 humas'» time ever tried to improve upon it. Ab I could not select any more influential or effi- cient Member of our Legislative and Agricultural body than yourself, I trust you will excuse the free- dom of my thus hastily addressing you on a subject of suth vast importance to this interesting country as (he free distillation from grain If the measure is carried, theo all men will extol the wisdom of His Excellency, and our Legislative Council; and in the eucreasing wealth and industry of the people their distentions will, in a great mea- sure, be forgotten, and that hydra of politics which basso loug retarded and disgraced the country, be ' neglected and destroyed. Jn the quaint language of one of the old Portu- guese friars wo may then exclaim F Q Australia. Australia, bona regio, ibi est abun aantia pani», isini et olei boni ; et multi frucius ' arborum, laranges, citrani, malagranata, ficus, pome rente,lemont, peccora camp» carins et pitees." With great respect, I remain, Sir, your most obedient, Servant. T. HORTON JAMES. 