THE DOGS' PETITION. -000- Tempted by the serenity of the moonlight evening. I was last night passing near the Ship Inn about the hour of ten. (If any one consulting the Hobart town almanack, should say that the moon was not up at that hour on Friday the 25th September 1829, I refer him to the head of this column, where her nocturnal majesty in full splendour will speak for herself). Some gentlemen from the country were quietly walking up and down the balcony of the inn, calculating the pro fits of the farm produce which they had come to town to dispose of ; the Government House was just seen through the foliage of the beautiful trees and shrubs which grow in front of that building- Piesnell's shoe shop, Stocker's and Speak's elegant butchers' stores, Stracey's and others caught my eye, and turning my self round, the long vista of Elizabeth street, with all its elegant shops, stores and new buildings appeared to rest in dignified repose from the noise and business of the preceding day. I had scarcely got so far as Stodart's wine and spirit vaults, meditating in my invisible capacity as editor of the Hobart town Courier on Mr. O'Connell and the Catholics in general, when a loud barking started up behind me, and turning round I saw a gentleman on all fours close at my heels. 'Most powerful Queen of night' said he in a very loud and earnest tone, as be looked her majesty full in the face, ' have pity upon us, poor dogs !' As he said this, his nose was pointed in a direct line to the gentleman whom the moon is said to carry with her in her nightly journey around our globe. His beautiful bushy tail was also bent in a similar direction, and had it been long enough to reach the moon or had a straight line been drawn from it and from his nose, both lines would have met in the middle of the moon's face. His ears were slouching, and his supplicating posture depicted in strong terms the heavy weight of woe which seemed to oppress him. No sooner had he uttered his short prayer when a lady very similar in appearance hurried to the scene, and seating herself on the ground with her face to- wards me, stuck her fore feet, (I beg her ladyship's pardon I mean her hands) in the earth, (that is as much as the engineer's macadamising of Elizabeth street would allow her) and prepared in like manner to address the Queen of night. 'Stand aside, said she to the gentleman on all fours, it is not fitting that a dirty dog like you should address her Majesty, the tutelar deity of the canine race on a matter of such vital importance as a dog tax by the legislative coun- cil of 15-a lax which will endanger the lives of high and low, rich and poor, young and old, long haired, shoit hsired, lap dog, mongrel, colly, kangaroo and 'Newfoundland. No one is safe if taxes are to be made in this way-if taxation must come, let us have representation along with it. Let us have a voice in the legislature-(and with that she barked louder than ever apostrophising her dear puppies, whosepe riions condition brouubt tears in ber eyes). Those elegant puppies, continued she, whom I have reared willi a mother's caie, like gentlemen will be sacrificed to this sanguinary law. Most wisely has Hie British parliament enjoined that due notice should be given of all proposed enactments, a glorious injunction, by . which the right of petitioning is .preserved lo dogs like us boasting British blood in our veins. She then raised her bead and voice at once,stietching her neck to the utmost ligature.-' O t'hoche, said she, sylva rumque poten« Diana. (I assure my reader this is d< carmen secutare). I should be sorry to be personal, especially in alluding to tbe female sex, but it is es- sential that I should offer the reader some description of the,celebrated Lady here addressed. Her face once a month is full and round, and when she does wear a bonnet it is in tbe form of a cloud, and very similar in size and appearance to the present fashion among terrestrial ladies. She is said'fo he.occasion- ally jealous of hei busband and then she wastes away like a skeleton, wearing hums as emblems of her di- lemma. ' Intercede in our behalf said my female pe- titioner-our race is now the most populous in Van Diemen's land. We are the roost powerful mortals in the island. No man dare sleep at night without our permission, Ianda few more friends have fre- quent general meetings in vaiieus parts of this town, and onr eloquence and numbers serve to keep the in- habitants in awe and trepidation.' The two were now joined by a third, who' in like manner doubled his haunches and reiterated their prayer. He was no less eloquent than his fellows, bul, lo tell the trulb, though his tail which swept the ground behind bim spoke volumes, there was a la- mentable sameness in Hie discourse of all three, and the moon though she listened in silence, lent but a deaf ear and was but little moved at their petition, un- til a fourth dog came galloping up with tenfold ear- ¡ neatness. He stood erect on bis binder legs and im- plored the moon with uplifted hands. His tail was curled and his distress Was evident in his bi.re ribs and vacuous abdomen. (I like to osea harried phrase now and then, but be sure not to offend the euphony of my sentenoe by not pronouncing the o of the last word Jong). ' See here, cried he, in much agony, and he touched the lower extiemities of on unfortu- nate brother that had juM been suspended, whose body shook from the trunk of a dead hush-see here, said he the fate that awaits you nil, if \ nu succumb to Ibis hateful tax. I swear, he exclaimed, by Diogenes the great cynic-I swear by Siguor Cappelli.the learned teacher ot learned cuts thai I will somier tear every 'mau. woman and t Iii Ici in Hobart town" to atom-., tear their clothes lo tailers, alai m the timid and mangle the limbs of (behold rather (han let such in- dignity pass unrevenged.' The ^ene was now drawinj; to a chue. This last appeal was too powerful not to cull foiih .he mott vo cihrouscries, and the whole vale of Hobart town, the very basaltic sides of Mount Wellington resound- ed with the yelpings and bow'wows ol' (he full chorus that was sel up. Like Ihe perora lion of « pia\,ihe whole canine performers of ourinlaut metrópoli« caine upon the slrfge to join tbeir voices in nie. common'! prayer. I was fain lo clap my bands to my cara and endeavour b\ hastening homewards to escape the horiid din which sturmtd and confused niy brain. But whichever way I turned the loud barking of the dogs met me,-there was no escape, MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. On Monday evening Dr. Turnbull delivered his se- cond lecture on Agriculture and Chemistry in the Court of Requests' room. The room wascrowdtd(if possible) to even a greater degree than on the former occasion, with highly respectable auditors among whom, we are happy to add, were several ladies. Dr. Turnbull illustrnted bit lecture with numerous inter- esting experiments «hewing the various chemin»! com lunation» and alliiiiiies, in the performance of which he wasmalerialiy a-visted by Mr. Wood the secretary of the Institution. He dwelt much in explaining that must impuitaiil ai.d HStoiiisluiig propeity of ualute attraction, regaiding which he took some new and in- teresting views. ' Besides, said he, theare is another evidence whicli proves, I think satisfactorily, that attraction is not u something inseparable from, or inherent in, maller, and which is the fact »bat attraction is mutable. Cer tain attractions may be exerted upon substance atone time and not al another, tiny Hie very opposite may prevail. 1 allude to the Chance whicli lake* plact when matter bt comes suhjtct tither to vegetable oj animal life. The vegetable imbibes matter from Hie soil, it causes it to unite so as lo form combination«, which are proper and iieces-aly to the »ejl being ol ibu plant. But these cum'iinatiuns ar . for the most part n ry diffi rent from thoso tvh.ch obtained be- fore. Now «very «fleet must be preceded by its cause. The combining attractions of the substances taken up by the pUut must immediately on (I tir re- ception b»ve acquired new properties, or the piodutts necessary tithe vegetable could nut have been formed. But what happens when the vegel.ib'e comes in its turn lo afluid nutriment to the «ninia!.' Why, Hie «(unities, which we shall call the vegetable alliniltes, are in their turn Displaced or superseded by the affi- nities necessary to pioduce flesh and blood and bone and the various secretions.' Atimciiun there is nota property of matter-were it snob it would continue the same in every charge and nndrr every circum- stance. It is not n substance projected, yet attract- ing, because matter projected and falling upon othen muller, would necessarily impelí, drive ufl'ii'lt attract. " Bul what is this power, the laws and effects of which have occupied our attention-is ii material or immaterial-a property of maller or a spiritual ema- nation ; »hat arc these atoms which it renders so active and Proteus like. Is it homogeneous with them? Are they of a similar character? Is it a property or a power superinduced, but independent? This is a question, which if pursued through its me- taphysical labyrinths would ceilainly bewilder and confuse as. Were we to attempt its investigation as some men have done, trusting to their reasoning powers to afford them Hie data on which to argue, and the arguments also, we should emulate the pre- sumption of Phaeton, who foolishly dared to guide the chariot of the sun. We should be the victims of our own folly, and be led to one of those miserable con elusions which men so puffed up, however splendid their intellect, bave it would appear inevitably, and as if to show the poverty of the human mind ins Bri ably fallen into. When like the philosopher so well described in Rasselas men conceive themselves destined to develop ratiucinalions, and lo assume as it were a control over the winds, over the clenents, such as the Creator has never destined for.the enjoy- ment of any of the human race ; a despicable f ninn- is the invariable and well deserved result*' Hut our s.'nses, and the warnings we receive from tlieni, atibid us sufficient infoimation to enable us to arrive at the knowledge of such of these more bidden and subtle pow ers as are absolutely necessary to shew the ooncatena -the harmony-the dependence of the universe. If we enter upun the investigation humbly, and with a properly tempered disposition, we shall not fail in acquiring a perception sufficiently distiuct, and nt the same time including so much in the generalisation of which it is the t fleet, as to give us a sure vantage ground, from which to view all things as hannonizirg and combining together, and as leading the mimt gradually, link bv IÍR.'C, through the upward chain of existence lo ihe Creator. If this can be done, wc have peilups achieved all that is most important in (be inquiry. The minor details may he useful and indispensable for some minds, and for some employ- ments, and some particular references, but for man- kind in general, extensive geneialuation and compre- hensive inductions, if of a simple and intelligible cha- racter are the best. They open the minti, tiley re- move the npbulee, the darkness, ihe mist which pre- viously seemed to cover all naiuie, and to cause it« operations when observed lu be considered a mere series of facts-appearances which from habit and former experience, we conceive ourselves entitled by a sort of prescriptive right, daily lo anticipate the re- currence." With regard to the esiublishment of the institution itself as a desirable means of useful and intellectual improvement, Dr. Turnbull in conclusion observed ' It i» io prove if possible again and again the im- portance rjfy'iur institution, that I have dwelt so much on the question what is attraction. How will our young men, removed from the universities and the «.diools of Europe, acquire knowledge except through the intervention of this institution or nome one likeit? The beautiful aspect of tour adopted country-¡Is cnri.'U. productions-the indications of exquisite wis- dom arid of divine power so bountifully oispliyed.-. and in luudes.f.equently so dial rent from those which obtain in the old world, will be lost upon them. Tbey will be morally blind-involved in a worse than E gyptiin darkness-they »ill be dead to the wonders around them as well as forgetful of the mighty hand that bo's so bountifully poured them forth. It j»' no anbWer lo say that as tuber colonists have done, so will we. We cannw. For if we thus resign our- selves to slolh, we shall rclrogade as tompmed with our friend.« in Britain in the ranks of civilization. Education is not now Hie bu^inpss of those only who were lu foi mer drfjs emphatically staled Hie learned. (tis the common'duty-(he common pioptrtv of the civilized worlJ-of mankind in general and nil who have any respect for themselves will press to the ' va »aid' in Hie match of general and intellectual im- provement.' The leoiure was received with loud applau-e and the oump,in> retiied mut li gratified with li.is new ui.d rational mode of spending an evening hour io Hobart town. It may on! be (¡enera'ly known tint Ihe beautiful salad oil «hieb is impoiied lo this place occasional!« frumPieoi'h Piauders hythe way ofihelsleof France, is not expressed from olives but Irom poppies whiWi are cultivated in Flanders to a grer.t extent. The I P0PP5 thrives well in tin», inland' and might he cudi , vatcd to great advantage. SWAN RIVER. , House of Commons, Friday May l,.182dJ Swan River St ttlement.-Mr. Hume said he wished to ask the right lion, gentleman opposite (Sir George Mur say) a question relative to the settlement at Swan river, upon.whioh a good deal of anxiety had been created' in the public mind by statements that had ap- peared in some of the leading newspapers qtthe day (hear). It was asserted very confidently*, that the greater part of the laird in front of the river had al- ready been granted lo certain individuals ; a/id he (Mr. flume) well knew, that unless this fact was con tradieted from authority, it would have Ihe effect of deterring others who might otherwise be disposed to . speculate. Sir George Murray said, he was very glad that the ! bon. member had mentioned this subjeot, as be was prepared io give an immediate answer to the question. Proposals had been made to his Majesty's govern- ment, respecting a grant of land on Swan river to a very larne extent ; bul it was not thought right to ac- cede to them until it was ascertained that the parties making the application, were likely to oarry out a sufficient number ofseltlers ; indeed one proposal was ».ade by 4 gentlemen to .tHkt« all the frontage of the river, which was declined for the reason» already stat- ed. However ii was thought that some individuals might b - encouraged, and a group of 250,000 acre» was al- lotted, upon nu assurance that a proportionate num l>er of settlers would be carried out, so as to ensure the cultivation of that quantity of Hie land. He wa» g'-id of this opportunity to assure the bon. member I Mr. Hume) and the house, that the statements whicli appeared iii the publia papers on Ibis subject were founded in error, and he could not account for the motive of their insertion, unless it was done to giali'y some interested persons. He would also add, that every facility of obtaining correct information would be given to any gentleman, of whatever rank, wfin was disposed to speculate at the settlement, by applica- tion being made ¡u the proper quarter. From Geographe'« bay to the northward of Swan river, the whole coast line is a limestone ridge, vary- ing in height from twenty to six hundred feet, and extending inwards to the distance of from one lo (ive miles. In those parts of the coast not protect! d by interior islands or banks, the sea breeze has blown up the sand, and covered the sides of these limestone hills-a ciicumstance that appears to have given rise lo the erioneous idea thal the western coast of Aus- tralia consists mostly of barren sandhills. Behind this ridge (whose occasional naked and barren ap- pearance Captain Stirling also thinks may have caused the early and continued prejudice against the fertility of this western coast) commences a great plain, whicli occupies a space from south tonoiih of undetermined length, (reaches perhaps to King Gei.rge's Sound,) and varying in breadth (roui twenty miles, j lie eastern boundary of this plain skirts Hie base of an almost continued and abiupt ehain ,of mountains, lo which Captain Stirling gave 'he name of General Parling's Hange." One of the point», the highest seen and measured by him, »as al out three thousand feet high, l'he average height is slattd tn be I ni ni twelve hundred to fifteen bundled feet' The base is granite, the sides in many ¡inris naked, anti Ihe soil supports bul little vegetation ex- cept (he Stirling baik and some bardy plants, The plum, for about a mile li oin the ba«c of the mountains is strewed «¡th rocks anti sand, and pieces of chal- cedony, which then ^iv<\- pine« to n rod Itmmy anil, i'hiis we have Iii st, the limestone ridge of uri average lireB'ltft of iliree miles on the st a shore ; then a pinto or undulating surface of ihe average breadth of thirty miles; and lastly the mountain range,rising abruptly from the plain to the height of fifteen hundred feet, and extending north and south in a line nearly paral- lel with the coast,und apparently co extensive with it, terminating probably in the plain at or near King George's Sound, to the eastward of Cape Leuwin, «here us we have said H Britishsettlement bas already been fo med.- Quarterly Review, Apiil, 18i9. lhere appeared (in 1820), in the Eastern District of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, such a hete- rogeneous mixture of mortals of both sexes, in the cbuaoter ol'agiiculturists and artificers, as was never st en or heard of before,-men aud women milliners from Bund street, who had all their lives been mea- suring out ribbons and lace, und titling on kid gloves, piano-forte makers, discarded menials, (we beg par- don,) gentlemen of the Press, and attorney's clerks, those worst of vermin in a society newly formed, whose occupation, as the two sister colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's land have experien- ced, instead of sowing grain is to so«v dissention among families, and disaffection to the government; there weie besides ladies' maids and waiters at ta- verns broken down actors and galaotee show men. Quarterly Review. lo the short term of two or three years, the panic of Popery will be numbered with the oi.ck lane ghosts and other sunk Lug-a-boos, and tuen who themselves shared in He folly will marvel there were dupes for (lie delusion. The topio of all absorbing interest is the surrender of intolerance, and the adjustment of that mighty Big-and Little-Endian dispute which has so long disturbad the peace and distracted the Councils of the nation. Io petan is just now hymned with one acoord to the great Duke, conqueror of men and bug-a-boos.-'Examiner. The Gasetfô de France oontains the intelligence, that Ihe Duke de Laval Montmorency, at present Ambassador at Vienna from the French Court, has been appointed minister for foreign affairs. It appears by the foreign journals, that the cam- paign has been opened on the Danube by the Turks uuder Hasse» Pacha, who altaeked the mountain re dpabtnear Siaeboli. Tbe attack was most desperate. Rassein I'acbk and three other Turks sneoeeded in climbing tbe parapets, and penetrated to the interior of the fortress, where tbey fell covered wiih wounds. Both parties are on the alert un the Danube. The Turks have two fortified camps near Ciurgero and Silistria, defended by 57,000 men each. "On the lilli April they attacked the Russians near Tralno, bul it is said without success. The conflict must bave been a sanguinary one, as 62 waggon loads of wouuded were sent to Bucharest. Redsihid Pacha has repaired to Chuiula, whither reinforcements are proceeding from all paris of the Tutkish empire. Tue Russians attaoked the Turks at Achioljti, between Mesambri and Bourgas, but without success. The Allgemeine Zeitung contains the intelligence of tiie renewal of hostilities between Russia and Per- sia. The preparations of the Turks on the Asiatic nula of the Black sea are so formidable, that with (his diversion they will be able to regain what they lost fast year, and lo make reprisals' on the Russians in their own territory. We understand that JSir N. Tindal has been ap pointed Attorney General.-Morning paper. WaR OrfiOB, May IS.-3rd foot, Georg« Brid*, gent, to be ensign without purchase, v¡co J,fh" Bridge «bo resigns. 48th foot, Capt. John Gr,n, from half pay 1st grenadier foot guards lo be Cant vice Wilson, appointed to 03d foot.' 63d ft. Ct W Wilson from the 48th foot to be Captain, vice Wal I appointed paymaster of the Clb dragoon guards Colonel Hamilton, late of 3rd foot guards, baa be knighted by Hie Duke of Northumberland, LordLiem of Ireland. Wt The Gazette announces Major Gen. Sir J p Smyth, as Governor and Commander in Chief of ti ' Bahama Islands, and E. M. W. D. Hay Eso Consul General in Moiocoo. ' *'M An official notice has been issued in Poland, dated Petersburg^ 17lh April, thai the Emperor Nicholii and his Empress will be crowned King and On»n,i Poland, at Wars*«, on the 24ih May. ' Mount Vesuvius was in eruption, vomitine Danu.« and siones to the height of 600 feet. A fire bioke out on the 3d uit. at Augusta Georgie United States, were 500 houses wbeie consumed i,I ashes. The Russian Admiral has extended Hie blookade of the Darnanelles to the gulf of Confessa, La»os and the port of Erros. The merchants of London had remonstrated lo Sir George Murray. Mr. Whitmore'* important motion respecting (ho renewal of the East India Company's charier carne on for discussion in the house of Commons on Thors day last. Mt. Huskisson bad already broken tL» ground. The monopoly of the East India Conmau» may now he said to be in jeopardy. ' General Sir David Baiid, G.C.B one of the bra vest of our gallant and distinguished veterans, and uncle to the Eail of Aberdeen, is raised to ihe Peer age by the title of Viscount Newbytb. The Gem-rsl lost bis arm at Corunna, and commanded,lhe aru.v which stormed the fortress of Seringapatam.. Died at Edinburgh on the II Hi May, Lady Eliza beth Hamilton M'Gill, Dalrymple, aged Í04 pro- prietress of the estates of the lute Viscount Oxeuhjid which title is at present dormant. In Scotland Sir James Moncrief is appointed to succeed Lord Alloway, deceased. Mr. Francis Jeffery is chosen Dean of Faculty. Mr. Baron Clerk Rattray, retires from the Exchequer Bench, to make way for the Lord Advocate, who will be suc- ceeded in his office by the Solicitor General and the Solicitor General again by Mr. Dundas of Arniston. Mr. H. J. Robertson is Advocate Depute, and Mr. Clerk Rattray has the Sheriffship of Kinross and Clackmannan. The salaries are now finally fixed :— The Lord President 5,000l. per annum. The Lord Justice Clerk 5 000l. do. Holders of triple gowns 370ol. do. Double do. 3100l. do. Single do. 2 500l. do. 