MEETING OF THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. On Thursday this Society met in the long room at Nash's, Parramatta, the whole morning, was in a bustle. About forty Members attended. The President was not there. Indisposed in health, or indisposed, because of recent events, we have not ascertained. However, the Meeting set to about dividing prizes. The Odicial has fore- stalled us, we shall therefore be brief. Amongst the gentlemen present were, Messrs. Walker, Riley, Cowper, Lawson, Moore, Bettington, Machaness, Jones, Dumaresq, (Dr.) Wardell, Lockyer, Druitt, McLaren, James, Baxter, McLeay, (Rev.) Mars- den, Reddall, Wilton, Brookes, Cox, Icely, Bow- man, Crawford, Dickson, Palmer, Robertson, Lethbridge, Laidly, Bell, Berry, Bunn, Brown, Maziere, Spark, Rapsey, &c.; &c.; A. judicious memorial to the Secretary of State, praying a re-lu.-i o . of the existing duties on to bncco, was ca ' id t an. con. Six new Members were proposed, I in only one an Honorary Mcm ber— Mr. JiHtf'p ];- w ling w'as elected. ? , The medals- went as follows : — For the best Co !onial- boar and sow, the large and small silver medal, to Mr. Cowpe'r. — Best sample of Colonial tobacco, the small gold medal, to Matthew Gib; bons. — Good conduct as a shepherd for 2 1 years, John Jones, the large silver medal, and.t he small one to James Crear, for ten years service. Some samples of stock and tobacco, equal to American, excited much applause.— Mr. Edward Riley shewed, four pigs of the China breed. Fifteen cows followed, belonging .to Mr. Macarthur, , of very superior' biced. A quantity of turnips, grown .by Mr. James Kenyon, at Woodlands, near Farrnmatta— aome the size of a small bucket. \- Having ^dispatched business, at 5 p. M. Nash's' long joom again beheld full nine and tilty, pre-. pared to do justice to a most substantial dinner. An Honorable discharged the functions of the. hejid — a Reverend othciated as vice. We shall not describe the entertainment in humble prose.— Many a noble chime fell that evening under the knife und fork, and the keen appetites of 'the as sembled guests, who quaffed bumper after bumper for hours thereafter. The festive scene was worthy of a poet. To a poet shall we leave 'it -accord- ingly, only observing by the way, that my noble Piesident, we henr, sung the butter-Ay, and Mr. Vice, ' Oh the merry, merry Christ-church bells,' in concert and rude harmony. My noble Presi dent-had a, multitude of toasts, in which he made no slip, for-he took them all from a note book. — Neither the health of- Sir Thomas Brisbane, nor the memory of good old Macqimrjo, was plighted. But allotis. Hey for the dinner and dinetrs,:— DINNER AND DINERS. "The feast of reason , and the flow of soul." "Vini inter pocula, cum ludo, et joco, Dulce est 'MAGNATIBUS,'—desipere in loco." "Midst cups of Champagne, of Madeira, and Port, Ev'n to 'GREAT MEN' 'tis pleasant to jest, and to sport." Th' other day a grand dinner was served up at N*sh's; Roast, and boil'd, fried, and broil'd,—fish, flesh, fowls, stews, and hashes; At which 'three score and ten' took their places: The Chair held an "H*n*r*bl*"— his "Vice" ev'n was R*v*r*nd;-- So long was their feed, you had thought, it would never end;— But, at length,—came 'decanters and glasses!' Oh! then thro' the brains of the Chairman 'gan flit, Bright flashes of merriment, embryos of wit, Of bon mots, oft retail'd,—the lean ghosts; Sense blush'd for the S—r,—wit sneer'd,—folly laugh'd, Yet full bumpers, not loth--each gay reveller quaff'd, While the H-----bl* splutter'd the toasts! First—The King! (diu vivat) was given, three times three! To the brim, said M'Q---l, who so loyal as he? And for loyalty, who has such reason? Two thousand, for signing,—seven hundred—a pension,— Not Fame's hundred tongues all his 'good things' can mention; But would stamp 'lukewarm loyalty,'—treason! The G------r next—no half- measures—but quaff— Quoth the Chairman,—full bumpers to G------- R--ph, The best friend e'er the Colony boasted:— My honor I pledge, —(novi intus, et cute)— No R----r like him, to his friends does his duty, Nor like him,—is by RADICALS roasted! That he's upright, no Halberd was ever uprighter,— That he's sage, and a fagging, voluminous writer,— That his m------s are all well intended, The 'famous Ad---s,' sign'd by one of five hundred, Has proclaim'd,--in the scheme tho', I fear, we have blunder'd;-- Yet—the mend-i cant—can't now be mended! Then with 'thrice three times three' let his health be resounded, So loud,-- from his sleep that ev'n S... may, astounded, Start up—with his neck-lace, and spare-rings! You must laud (heed not mental reserve, or de- ception), And defend all his m-----s, without one excep- tion;— 'He has still candles' ends, and cheese-parings!' Charge again; and let not our quick-firing alarm ye; Here's the Duke, and the Navy! Lord Hill, and the Army! Whose forte, as you know, is 'quick-firing!'— If we fire half as fast in our Bacchanals' war, As our champions at Waterloo, and Trafalgar, Soon, like them, we'll advance—'past retiring!' The Colonies, and our good friend, Sir George Murray! Whom with ceaseless epistles our RADICALS worry, But he very well knows, 'it all fudge. is.', The Bar of Australia,—(save W-ntw-rth and W-rd-ell, Whose levelling views with our wishes accord ill And their Honors, 'the three learned Judges!'). Our Society next let us drink:—silly elves We must be indeed, to forget our own selves. So—'long may our interests flourish!' Mrs. Darling,—our matrons, our wives, and our lasses;— To the ladies replenish;—fill up bumper- glasses; Who flinches the toast,—may he perish! 'Our President, worthy Sir J----!' said M'Q---l, I lament he is absent,—because he is ill,— From our jovial Society parted:— Full thirty long yeairs the 'good Kn---t' I have known, And his feelings, and principle square with my own, An 'Aristocrat,' staunch, and true-hearted! The Vice-Presidents next, and the Stewards of the Meeting, In separate bumpers must challenge our greeting; Our thanks and applause they may claim. Next, the warriors, who Sydney's bold garrison form, Who three bottles, not less than a fortress, can storm, 'Mars, or Bacchus competing in fame!' In return for this toast, a brave Veteran, whose scars And wounds were sustained in Peninsular wars, Stood up: and was loudly encored; When he pray'd his associates their bumpers to fill To the health of the Chairman, good Mr. M'Q---l, 'Whose pen has more point than a sword!' Worthy Mr. M'Q---l, tho' for utterance too big, Then presented himself, like a . . . . . . And toss'd off a 'bumper of hock;' Thank'd the guests for the honor, and proudly de- clared, He, in proof,—for the Colony how much he cared,— Had brought out, in abundance, 'live stock!!!' * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 'The Church, and its Venerable Head, the A--------n!' Of piety, learning, and meekness, the beacon;— You smile;—but such praise is not 'blarney!'— That his pious, and learn'd,--his credentials declare it— That his liberal, and meek,—Doctor H------- will swear it, And so will his friend, K------- C-------! Then a song was requested from Counsellor K-rr, Who—'unformed for a singer'—begg'd leave to 'demur,' But hoped 'harmony would not decrease;' Next Colonel D------q, of fleeces, and wool Made a speech,—who, like Jason, tho' less of a f--l, Sought, and found here—'the true golden fleece!' The agricultural interest! lately depress'd, Soon again may it thrive, and our farmers be bless'd, With all their wellwishers can utter! May their crops be luxuriant, may fruits load their trees, May their veal be like D------*,—like I-------'s their cheese,— Half as good as my own is—their butter! 'Success to our commerce!' from J-n-s' call'd for thanks;— 'The Council!'—long B------- got up on his shanks, And his sense of the honor reported. 'The strangers,' from 'M-nn-ng,'—the 'fish- eries,' from B-nn,' Short speeches of grateful acknowledgment won; Then—songs, glees, and catches were sported! For,—R-b- rts-n, C-ll-ns, with P--l, and M-a-r--, And B-tt-ngt-n join'd, to enliven the cheer, And give zest to good wine, by good music;— Their voices were mellow, and every 'good fellow' Must own, 'that the wine, which inspired them to bellow, Was good, tho' it made a 'poor J--' sick! The songs (old 'Morality' sat in the Chair) Were decent enough:—'B-d- song' was not there; His 'vinegar-visage' was wanting; So was 'prim little R--h,' of Tories most supple, Save his friend, the 'M-------,' (delectable couple!) 'There was neither obsceneness, nor canting!' At length, having emptied of 'dozens a score,' Till each was sowed up, and could carry no more, All stagger'd away, who were able. And 'tis said every guest who partook the . . . . . 'A traverse could work,'—only . . . . . . . . . 'Like a hog, wallow'd under the table!' THISTLE. Sydney, July 20, 1829. ? A capitalist lately arrived from Old England, is about investing a whacking amount in haid ca&h;, in a mackerel, schnapper, and salmon fishery! kood Juck to him for his pains. Competition is thesoulof trade. Moue Butter. — An honest Hibernian, whose lot it is on behalf of a certain fat grazier, to hawk and vend butter through Sydney streets, was' ac costed -a .few days ago by one of his customers with, ' well Put, how goes butter to day ?' — i' Upon my own honor and conscience,' replied Pat, ' it is only one lilly while thirteen a jb.. adding' an axiom- wnicn lew will venture, lo dispute— butter is butter now a days.' ' j' am very glad to hear so,' rejoined the customet, ' for the last you- sold me smelled so strong of Elisabeth clay /'that I could not abide it.V , We understand that an action has been com menced, at the suit of Mr. John Stephen, jun. against Captain Rossi, which it is understood will bring a certain subject publicly forward,' witn re? ference to which, IVtr. Stephen's suspension is sup posed to be attributed. ? ' A rumour has been industriously circulated, to the prejudice of this' gentleman, we think if b\»t' fair to state, ,that we have been favoied with' the perusal of a number of documents of the most satisfactory and conclusive' nature,*' as to the total incorrectness of the -geneial'repoit, and we can not.lheiefoL-e but caution the public against giving credence lo the representations' of the parties who are anxious to .gloss 'over what appears to ' us a most- revolting proceeding. — (Sydney Monitor J . A ' considerable -lot of. -cattle put *' up to auction ut the late Parratttatta Fair- we hear, were not sold bona fide. . - A pet son who .came down on . Saturday from .Parramatta, says thai, for one half of the way he was triiidlarking it, and for the other suffocated by dust, a' proof that the rain which fell- so plentilully in Sydney^ was partial: ? : We have -every fairj reason' to expect, that wet weather has by thistime visited the. Country paits more or less distant from Sydney, pretty generally. Last week the rain fell chieHy .coastwise. The Hunter districts have' stood much in need of a watering. From the present ominqus look' of the weather, we are ia hopes that neither the grazier nor the plough farmer will have reasonio cry out in' despondence much longer. , Three years have given us quite enough of drought and' unwise measures. A good coming, season would work wonders. But no Colony will ever prosper whilst kept divided against itself. The drought seems to have past. Our »»ry presently may be, too much rain. ? v A valuable farm belonging to Messrs. Berry anil Wollstoriecrafl, at Shoal Haven, we are sorry to hear, has sustained considerable damage from fire, by which a horse and some- out buildings have ceased to e.sist. The conHagratioiv .we believe, was accidental.' ? _..?. ; It appears by the latest accounis that tie Steam Navigation Company in London ' have luver'.nel,' without exhibiting, in their own persons a' most, characteristic ttttachvmnl to hot iVjitrk. '' ?' ?rMr',(3°'»-n Hfowiic was not.in -ihd be3t slnte o» Iwallh no3«ible wheu tho. Harmony left. 