SAVAGE AND COWARDLY ASSAULT. James Williams was subsequently indicted for a highway robbery on the person of William Hickey and rifling him of hat, shoes and twenty shillings in money, on the 7th of September last. It appeared in evidence that on his return home in a direction from George toward Prince's street, the prosecutor Mr. Hickey was knocked down by two ruffians close under the gaol wall, and speedily stripped of the articles described. The blow administered by the ruffians deprived him for a time of all sensation, produced a severe contusion on the cranium, and dislocated and broke the unfortunate young man's jaw bone. Being picked up. and carried to the Blue Posts public-house, there he remained insensible for upwards of an hour. Two constables, who happened to be on duty at the corner of Essex-lane, George- street, observing a brace of fellows rushing from the direction of the gaol wall, one of whom appeared to carry a bundle under his arm, called out to them hastily to stop, on which prisoner, who was one of the two, dropped the bundle, and endeavoured to make his escape, but was taken near Long's on the Rocks, with a huge stone in his hand, which he endeavoured to fling at the pursuing constable, whose comrade picking up the bundle, its contents were claimed by Mr. Hickey, who could not however identify the person of the prisoner, whose pal or companion, had made his escape. The prisoner put in a written defence, in which he called the attention of the Jury to the fact of his prosecutor being unable to identify him, and that the reason he did not stop when called upon by the constables, was his being a runaway from an iron gang, which he hoped would not weigh against him, and concluded by most solemnly assuring the Court of his innocence. Mr Justice Dowling, in a very luminous style summed up the case, without recapitulating the evidence, word for word, and the Commission, after retiring for about five minutes, returned a verdict of Guilty. On which the learned Judge pronounced sentence of death upon the prisoner, warning him not to entertain any hoped of mercy in this world his offence being of so deep a die that none could in justice be extended to him, and advised the criminal, as he tottered on the verge of eternity, and valued his soul, to wean his affections from this world and to prepare for the fatal exit which inevitably would be his portion. We are informed by a Correspondent from the Hunter that another volcanic phenomenon had been discovered on a distant part of the Upper Branch. Also, that the crops on both branches wear rather a promising appearance since the late rains. A strong decoction of lime water and wood ashes has been used with effect, in curing the scab in sheep. The application, however, cannot do any great harm. It may do good. A domiciliary of Castlereagh street, one who gets his bread by baking; bread .for others, and who has a tolerably extensive range of customers, was detected, on Monday last, passing off short weighted loaves; as an instance of which, one loaf said to weigh 4 lbs. on being put into the scale was found lighter than the weight by 9 ounces! These short weights are among the worst of frauds, and. as such. should be punished exemplarily. The Windsor mail, by a new regulation, will leave town, in future, on Mondays, Wednasdays, and Fridays — in place of Tuesdays and Fridays only, as heretofore which is an improvement upon the old and still penny wise pound foolish plan. Married - Yesterday, by special licence, at St James's Church, Archibald Clunes Innce Esquire (Late Major of the 3d reg. or Buffs) Principal Superintendent of Police Parramatta to Margaret, third daughter of Alexander McLeay, Esquire Colonial Secretary. think differently; and maily a person asks "who are these Solons?" We can answer you, gentle readers. The responsible body is composed of briefless barristers, clientless solicitors, brainless pettifogers, broken merchants, scheming quakers and a tail of indescribables. Then what are we to do with such a collection? would naturally be the question following. Conciliate them, the Whig liberal would say~let them go in their own way, and legislate for themselves; every man has a right to act, think, and speak for himself, says the political economist, Whip them all at the cart's tail, says the true Tory — that is, the lover of his Country— whip, them soundly. We coincide in the sentiments of the latter gentleman; and until some measure of the kind is resorted to, the dignity of Great Britain is prostrate under a local government, which it would shame us to allude more particularly to." .From the "Colonial Times:" — Mr. Lascelles, the Police Magistrate for Richmond, has resigned. 'Wonders never cease ! Mr. Lascelles's proposed Newspaper will make the fifth —which, it is said, will eclipse all the rest (!!). A neat temporary Roman Catholic Chapel has been erected at Hyde Park, Sydney, adjoining the magnificent, but yet unfinished structure, intended for Divine Worship. The Reverend J, J. Therry performed Divine Service in this new Chapel, for the first time, on the 12th of August last. It would give us much pleasure to see suitable Roman Catholic Chapels built in Hobart Town and Launceston: and we have little doubt if the buildings were commenced on eligible situations, but all classes and denominations of believers would contribute' handsomely towards their erection, and also for school houses annexed. It is said, that in consequence of withdrawing the mechanics and others in Government employ from Launceston, all public works' will be done in future in that town by contract. It is a well- ascertained fact that Government works, as hitherto performed by prisoner day labour, costs double what it would, if done by contract. New Coroners - Joseph Hone, Rd. Lane, Frederick Roper, and Joseph.Henry Moore, Esqrs. License. day for publicans takes place this day (Sept. 18.) It has been well remarked by a contemporary, that granting public-house licenses puts down sly grog shops. It is likewise imrpoving the revenue, in the manner least oppressive— a tax on drinking. The following are the gentlemen who have been appointed as a Committee of Correspondence, by the London Association, for the improvement of these Colonies .:— Mr.'J. W. Buckle, Chairman, Sir James Shaw, Alderman, Mr. Alwood, M. P., Mr T.Thornton, Sir R. Wigram. Mr.W. Mellish, Mr. W. Manning, M. P., Mr. W. Astell M,P , Mr. J. Harman, Mr. Alderman Thompson, M. P., Mr Woolmoor, and Mr W. Borrodale. Immediately after the last flood, the Government, instead of re-building one of the two wooden bridges which were carried away by the Bagdad stream, commenced a fine stone bridge across the River Jordan, which opens a line of road extending twenty miles from the River Derwent, in a straight line to Constitution Hill. About fifty mechanics have been brought overland from Launceston, supposed to be for the purpose of forwarding this work. It is also said, that a great many more prisoners are about to be removed by sea, from Port Dalrymple. The Government Establishment at New Norfolk, under Mr Turnbull, is said to have been broken up, an the prisoners brought to Hobart Town, for the same purpose; and, it is whispered, that the penal settlement at Macquarie Harbour is to be discontinued as such, and that the people are to be employed in making either docks at Hobart Town or assisting in the erection of the causeway, both of which most important works, it is said, are to be forthwith commenced. From the Hobart Town Courier: - The hut of poor Gough, at the Big Lagoon, who lost his wife about twelve months ago by the outrages of the blacks, has been unfortunately burned to the ground. It may not be generally known that the beautiful salad oil which is imported to this place occasionally from French Flanders by way of the Isle of France, is not expressed from olives, but from poppies, which are cultivate in Flanders to a great extent. The poppy thrives well in this Island, and might be cultivated to great advanatage. There papered (in 1828) in the eastern district of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, such a heterogeneous mixture of mortals of both sexes, in the character of agriculturalists and artificers, as was never seen or heard of before - men and women milliners from Bond- street, who had all their lives been measuring out ribbons and lace, and fitting on kid gloves, piano forte makers, discarded menials (we beg pardon) gentlemen of the Presi, and attorney's clerks, those worst of vermin in a society newly formed, whose occupation, as the two Sister Colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land have experienced, instead of sowing- grain , is to sow dissention among families, and dissafection to the Government. There were besides ladies' maids and waiters at taverns, broken down actors, and galantee showmen.— Quarterly Review. In the short term of two or three years, the panic of Popery will be numbered with the Cock-lane ghosts, and other such bug-a- boos, and men who themselves shared in'the folly will marvel, there were dupes for the delusion. The topic of all absorbing interest is the surrender of intolerance, and the adjustment of that mighty Big-and-Little-Endian dispute which has so long disturbed the peace, and distracted the Councils of the Nation. Io pæan is just now hymned with one accord to the great Duke, conqueror of ben and bug-a-boots. (Examiner). A man named Smith was on Monday evening knocked down, a short disturice from the turnpike, and stripped of every article of value which he chanced to carry about him. The frequent occurrence of acts of violence of this description have of late become most frequent and alarming. Constables, look out. Two men, named John Maroney and Daniel Reise, were taken into custody on Monday night, in a house of ill fame in Clarence street, it was sworn at the Police office, for endeavouring to rob one Robert Shaw of his watch, Maroney kneeling on Shaw, with one hand grappling his trhoat while the other stopped his mouth, and Reise extracted the watch from his fob. A man named Neville, who for some time past has kept the neighbourhood of Penrith in excitation by his frequent predatory pranks, has been apprehended and was fully committed to Windsor gaol for trial, on Saturday last. A man named Mickeldon was discovered on Tuesday last lying in a state of intoxication below high water mark, on the East side of Sydney Cove. The water had risen nearly to his neck at the time he was found, and but for this timely interposition, he would in all probability have been floated away, and have met a watery grave. 