POLICE INCIDENTS. Neither this week nor the past has produced any matters very striking. On Thursday a sub- ject, cognominated Bill Jones, having been disco- vered enjoying a snooze in an uninhabited tene- ment in Cockle Bay, stupified with hard drinking, was recommended a sobering exercise of seven days, where "They're all trending it— tread, tread, treading it, All treading it—a treading at the mill." James Lindsay, for thrashing his master, a poor snip, was ordered himself to get a thrashing as a lesson for better manners. Archibald Michey, for absence, from his mas- ter's service, and disposing of his property without any orders for so doing, was recommended a simi- lar discipline, i.e. fifty stripes. On the Tuesday night previously, it was buzzed about, that at the very witching time of night, the keeper of a certain watch-house received a visi- tation— from— from— a ghost! a ghost attired in Parramatta frock and trowsers, and yellow waist- coat,— "What seemed his head, The likeness of an handkerchief had on." With searching eye balls glared this spectral vi- sitant on the affrighted keeper, who sinking into a swoon, which counterfeited grim death better than his bateau d'office does a bannister, lay in that condition, till recalled to animation by his bre- thren in arms. A warrant has been issued to apprehend the per- son of a confidential scribe, who had been sworn to as non est inventus, with 12l. sterling, in pos- session, belonging to his employer. William Hands, on a charge of having in pos- session 90 pair of children's boots and shoes, which, according to the evidence of Messrs. Lamb and Buchanan's clerk, were similar to those stolen from his employers' stores, on the evening of the 23d instant, defendant stating he bought them, and producing a receipt, was fully committed to take his trial. On Friday a notorious scamp, who had been out of jail only a fortnight, during which he had visited the stocks thrice, was ordered three months to the jail, as house of correction, with the re- commendation of rogue and vagabond. Another lad, of pretty much the same kidney, was ordered the like punishment, with addition of the word and term "calendar" for insolence. William Woodley, a "lifer," just arrived, on the charge of John Sheely, overseer of a gang of Government carpenters, which went to accuse Woodley of inflicting various wounds on his com- plainant's scull, with a piece of hard wood like iron— got for his comfort three years to a penal settlement. George Baker, belonging to Busby's "boreing" gang, for being discovered in the shop of Mrs. M'Kerier, in King-street, creeping on "all fours," as the lad staled, for the purpose of purchasing some salts, was condemned to make common cause for three months with an iron gang. Joseph Curtise, and William Baslowe, for steal- ing a flag stone, were sentenced, the first to endure the smart of twenty-five, the latter of twelve lashes. On Saturday last, an assigned servant belong- ing to Mr. Burroughs, for refusing to do any duty, and wishing to be returned to the factory, had her wish accomplished, with the mortifying adddition of confinement in a cell on bread and water for ten days, to have her head shorn of all ringlets, and then returned to her service. Joseph Rice was charged with calling at the house of Mr. Becket, butcher, of King-street, under pretence of purchasing a pound of mutton chops; but a fine leg of mutton, elegantly diversified with fat and lean, happening to lay there, Joseph could not resist temptation, — as was deposed, he forthwith seized upon and endeavoured to make his escape with the joint; but the butcher's as- sistant catching the lad by the collar, handed him over to safe custody. The man stands committed to take his trial. On Monday James Broderick, assigned to Mr. Prout, Under Sheriff, for absconding and drun- kenness, and being withal very dirty, was ordered ten days confinement in a cell on bread and water, and to be returned to Government. Joseph Palmer, George Taylor, Joseph Turnis, Benjamin Pollard, John Berry, Peter Kinch, Hugh Wade, Terence Toole, Andrew Powell, and Law- rence Sullivan, all for unauthorised absence from Hyde Park Barracks, were ordered three days to the mill. The remaining cases, were principally made up of brawlers, and incontinent or otherwise misbe- having servants. Mr. Buckingham delivered his first lecture on the countries of the East, at the Music Hall, lately, to an audience of great number and of the highest respectability. The range of subjects was exten- sive. Mr. B. proceeded to describe the geography of Egypt; its extraordinary position, as consisting merely of one long continued valley, whose fertility depended entirely on its being the alluvial deposit of the Nile; its remarkable antiquities, especially at Alexandria, Memphis, Tentyra, and Thebes, with a description of the Pyramids, the great Sphynx, and the great colossal statue of Memnon, still erect in the plain of Thebes; the peculiarities of its climate, in its being exempt from rain in the upper provinces of the country, the Etesian winds, the Simoom of the desert, &c.; the animal, ve- getable, and minerable productions, the camel, the buffalo, the crocodile, the hippotamus, the date, the pomegranate, rice, sugar, cotton, flax, and indigo; among the third, the emerald and the porphyry of the ancients. The population of Egypt he described as consisting of Arabs, Turks, Greeks, Arminians, Copts and Jews; and their reli- gion, government, and commerce. The most in- teresting part of the lecture, in a general point of view, was however, the detail of the singular man- ners and customs, of the Egyptians, their betroth- ings, marriages, polygamy, funerals, feasts, plea- sures, music, poetry, language, &c.; From Egypt, Mr. Buckingham passed on to Arabia, following nearly the same course in the division of his subjects, and including in it descriptions of the Red Sea, of Suez Jedda, Mocha, Mecca, and Me- dina, with an account of the Whahabees and the primitive manners of the Desert Tribes, in their wandering camps. Perhaps the most interesting circumstance of the whole, was the very fact of a traveller so enterprising, intelligent , and celebrated as Mr. Buckingham, describing in a manner peculiarly, frank, animated, and pleasing, the scenes he had passed through, and the events he had witnessed. TO INCREASE THE ODOUR OF ROSES.— Plant a large onion by the side of the rose tree in such a manner that it shall touch the root of the latter. The rose which will be produced will have an odour much stronger and more agreeable than such as have not been thus treated; and the water distilled from these roses is equally superior to that prepared by means of ordinary rose leaves. A widow in Alloa has or lately had, a son who, last season, commanded a ship engaged in the whale fishery. His ship was lost, and he wrote home to his mother that, after his disaster, he had fortunately found out and was coming home with (Scotice) the North Pole, a ship then in Leith harbour. The old woman, on reading the news, was in rapture, and exclaimed— Our John's a made man at last. He has found out the North Pole, and he is bringing it home wi' him. A braw reward, nae doubt, he'll get frae the Government. 