A BAD MONITOR MORISH ED WITH WHOLESOME MONITIONS [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.! We promised, some time ago, to make n few remark s on the observations contained in a late Monitor, respecting the Agricultural report we published on the 2d of May. Our readers will recollect that the Edi or of that pliant Journal, with bis usual boldness and disregard to probability, declared that it was the production of a respectable body of Agriculturists; nari had been foist-il into the Sydney Gazette to feel the pulse of the public. VVe wish the Editor would sub- mit lui own pulse io some sapient surgeon, that he might be subjected to some milk and water regimen ; for if ha goes on at this rate, if we be permitted to '« prognosticate a prophecy," as a brother Editor in «* Cock- aigne" once t>aid, we venture to declaie that the man's fancy will run away with his judgment; so that even milk and water will soon be too powerful a flotation, for that which Dryden calls his " Barb y-water muse." On the subpct in question, he mis. guided his readers, le was wrong in his sup- position, he mis-repiesented facts, and mis- applied causes and consequences. "Oh that mine adversary had written a book I" said an ancient writer, whom the Monitor liligi.t peruse with advantage One could be at no" lo.^s to see the drift of Job's exclamation, if it could be proved that he was Editor of a patriarched Monitor, we had almost said Mooni-tor, to connect it with the lunatic wanderings of iii it way- ward planet. In that case, the critic could i act the tyrant at pleasme, and whether ri^ht or wron!;, no ndveiflary could b* safe from I the riuht and bit, back and front,cut and thrust, real and feigned, strokes of his criti- cal rapier. The writer of the report is in the state of Jolt's adversary. Me has «rit Un a lepcrt, but the Moonitor monopolising all lonesiy and knowledge,and «lUrei^urding the common rule of criticism, ideutih" s one , golitaï atom in our Australian ponuUtion*. with the whole body ol' the Agricultural [ Society, Well might any man be proud of j the distinction, if it caine from any other quaiter, and were recommended hy tiny oilier motiv«; but, coming from him, it ¡9 not, we are sure, to our Correspondent, the smoke of grateful incense. It is the smoke of wet straw, or stinking dogwood, or some noxious compound of villuinoussmells, which horribly offends the nostril, while it deprives of life. The Monitor may rest assured, however, that these reports are doing some good. We know thev aredeemed correct bygood judges ; and the Gazette containing them is worn into holes with the horny hands of humble rustics. He may also rest assured, that Rus in Urbe hits too much good sense to think that he ought to cease to enlighten the public, be- cause he has not ob1 ai ned a spirit- licence from the Monitor; or is not in the habit of fostering a morbid taste, founded on constitu- tional misanthropy, by dealing om ide sick- bed effusions of ignorance and discontentment. To reason with the Editor of that Journal is out of the question. We have only to trace the course of his declamation, lor the last twelve months, to see, that he has no fixed cpinions opon any subject, but is guided in all lie Writes, by an unconqu. rabie li.it ed of all legal authority and constituted power, which as a peaceful subject, enjoying the benefits of a free constitution, he is bound to respect. First, the cedar tux was to ruin the Colony. The Colony is »ti I in a very thriving condition notwithstanding. Next, the Colony was ob the brink of bank- ruptcy, because the tide of emigration was stopped, and no land was given off to appli- cants, though the Editor could not but know, that land was wi.hheld for a short period to enable the executive to dispense it with more regularity, had over been al any previous period. Then, when land was niven off, it was not given to please him ; beiause some little show of capital was nqnii ed ; because a man was not allowed lo pick up a good portion here, and another there, contrary in spite ol n>l ih-section-lines in the Cob ny ; and because cleiks with nominal capital fur nishtd by employers (lia understands us) could get no land ; and with great propriety, .ince they intendid to dispose of it fura trifle« When these tepes became thioad bare, another subject presented itself, '* grass for cuttle." Then gi ass took the place of c.'dar, and Sudds ; and everlasting '? Grass, Gn is," rung in oui eais from morn- ing till night, till we were led io believe that the vital functions of the Colony were supported by giass, and that the Governor carried it all in his right waistcoat pocket, to counterbalance the weight of his snuff- box in the left. When the excellent Govern- ment arrangements with regard to the renting of land had been competed, the grass was given to the hearts' content of every poor or rich settler, who applied lor it, except the Editor of the Monitor. Of the abstract generosity of this le l'usai, we have nothing to say, as that depends upon individual taste ; but with regard to the positive justice of it, we must say, that he who misuses'His Ma- jesty's foi mer bounty, and makes it the means of si ndc-ring, mid thwarting Govern- ment without a cause, deserves no encourage- ment fiom His Majesty's Representative. If a man be mad enough to scatter fire bal.s amongst a crowd, shall we increase his power to do m.schief, by clapping a poi- soned swoid and loaded p stols into his h.u)ds, to "run amuck and tilt at k11 he meets ?»' But notwithstanding the outcry for grass, no sooner is it given on', than the war whoop is raised, and fell war proclaimed against the measure. This measure must ruin the Colony. It must hamper the puor. It mutt aggrandize the rich. It must throw all the grazing concerns of the Colony into few hands. Is it not strange that this light never struck the Monitor, till he was denied a portion of that sugar-p'um, which, like a Spoiled and pettish, snubhy urchin, he will not aci ept of, though we condescend to put it into bis mouth ? We ure astonished at the barefaced impudence of his assertions, ma- nufactured for home. Is it not plain th.it he himself applied tor this had been given lo him, to the amount of ten thousand acres, be would have had no desire to look with s) mp.ilhy on any poor wrelc h in Elis iiegh bum hood. Tuey might have suuk or swain with all their cattle in Lake Ba- thurst or Lake George. Where then would his ii .niin¡; patriotism have bél^? Why, friend, it would have been at roost with his geese, or at grass with his bullocks. We wonder he is n t ashamed to let it be known he had ever applied to Government for any indulgence whatever. What should Cob bett say, (that L'obbetl win prints a Register fur three pence, while the Monitor leprints one in ubotit six of his uewspapeis, fir which he changes his poor gulled idolateis one shilling)-what should this Cobbett say were he to know, that his disciple was going about the streets with his finger in his eye, beslabberin^ all his acquaintances, and cry- ing out " Grass, grass, for lack of grass I die !" We know not what Cobbett would say, but we know what the community hire should think him, that as au Editor he is little better than a man of stiaw. We earnestly btseecb, therefore, that pro- found statesm: d Sir George Murray, the intímale Inend of the Monitor, whom be uddiesses as au tqual, in a st) le of selfish complacency that is tiuly ridicuh us, to pay no at tent on to hi«, statements. We beg li im to tend adt al'ear to his si.lemn trumpety, at which every mau laughs, as the last resource of feebleness, obstinacy, and ignorance, lo send all his budgets directly to the coal-hole in Do'.ming- stieet, that semblance of. the cave of Trophouius, Morpheus, or Soninus, where all discontents sleep the long sleep ol death, and «here the bitter revilings of mis- guided malice are peimitted to expei d their stiength on the ghost» of departed sighs, groans, and tears. " Quonunquam radiis, uriens, moJiusvc, caríense " Phoebus adire polest ; nebulae calígine mix a; " Exhatantur humo, dubisque crepuseula lucís." The Monitor, whatever his statements may be to the head of the Colonial Department, is well aware that there never was a period when more regularity, despatch, and s.s t- m, prevailed in official matters than at thi moment. If he \> exe 1 Uti(d from the benefi of one indulgence, he has himself to blame* If the vilest beggar that ever lived on crusts , and lay on a truckle, had experienced the personal insults which tho highest indivi- dual in the Colony, and many of the best public servants under him, have been ex- posed to, week after week, for months toge- ther, without cause, and contrary to truth, he would have revolted at the bare idea of giving or receiving favours from his perse cutnrs, and spurned the thought of inter- course between him and his outrageous enemy. It is human nature from toe to crown. How can any man act with pro- priety in such unmeaning dilemmas ? A torrent of abuse is poured out because land is withheld; the same nauseating dose is repeated when it is given. The Monitor may have heard of a man named Hotspur, and of another named Shakspeare. Let him turn to the first part of King Henry IV. act III, and scene 1st, and he will find , these words, which we desire him to con over till he hear from us again :- Hotspur.-I'll give thrice so much land To any well deserving friend, But-in tho way of bargain—mark ye me, I'll cavil on the ninth part of a hair. Auctioneers.-In our last bill of Fibs and Facts, we gave a laconic contradiction to an assertion that His Excellency had determined to grant no more licences for Auctioneers, deeming the present number sufficient. We then confined ourselves to fact-we now turn to law. The Governor has nothing whatever to do with Auc» j tioneers'licences ; it is left exclusively to I the Magistiates, and any person, with, whose character the Magistrates are satis- fied, may at any time obtain a licence, on ' paying his £2, and bringing forward his . sureties for the due payment of the duties. To make this the more plain, we quote the 2d and 3d sections of the Act of Council No. 13, August 9, 1828 : - II. And be it further enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, no Person, who shall exer- cise the trade or business of an Auctioneer, or Seller by Commission, at any salo of any estate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outcry, knocking oown of hammer, by caudle, lot, parcel, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest bidder is deemed to be the purchaser, or who shall act in that capacity, shall deal in, sell, or put up for sale, nny estate, goods or effects whatsoever, by pub- lic sale, or by way of auction as aforesaid, without previously having taken out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, in which licence shall be set forth, the true name and real place of abode of the person or persons taking out tho same, he or they immediately, upon taking out of such lirei.se, pay- ing down for the same the sum of two pounds ster- ling. III. And whereas in consideration of the peculiar circumstances of this Colony, it is expedient that the character of every person, applying for a licence undi'r this Act, shall be carefully ascertained ; Be it enacted, that every person who shall be desirous of obtaining an Auctioneer's licence, shall apply for the same, in writing, to the Bench of Magistrates nearest to his usual place of residence, and such Bench of Magistrates, three or more in number being preseut, if they be satisfied that such applicant is a person of unexceptionable character, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to deliver to such applicant, a certifícate, under their hands to that effect, and upon presenting such certificate to the Collector of Internal Revenue of the said Colony, or to such other Officer, as the Governor, or Acting Governor, shall, from time to time appoint, such Collector of Internal Revenue, or other Officer so appointed, shall issue and deliver to the person so applying, such a license as is required by this Act : Provided always, that no such brease shall bo granted until the person, applying- for the same, shall have lodged in the hands of such Collector of Internal Revenue, or such other Officer as aforesaid, a bond to His ¡Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient sureties, in manner following, that is tu say, himself in the sum of £500, and his sureties in the sum of £250 each, that he shall and will deliver every account of the sales by him made, and also make payment of all and every sum and sums arising or becoming due, for the Auction Duty payable for or in respect of all Buch sales in the manner herein- after directed. 