Rejected Addresses. To have been spoken at the opening of the Opera- house, Sydney, August, 1829. No. III, ———"S'death I'll print it. And shame the fools, your interest, Sir, with Lintot." POPE. ADDRESS OF JOHN BULL, JUNIOR, "I AM A TINKER TO MY TRADE," LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, Music is a much admired art. It derives its name from the muses, somewhat questionable cha- racters in antiquity. It has been much improved since the days of the Patriarchs, who, before the time of Tubal-Cain (which is the same as Vulcan), ex- tracted harmony from horns, bones, and wooden pins. Nature gives us the elements of music, for the "human voice divine" by its intonations is extremely pleasing in tenor and treble; and when a man snores you know, be snores in bass, which let me tell you is, at times, a very comfortable thing. "The little birds that skim the air, and pretty Polly, Polly, cry," (with great pathos) have received natural pipes from their Creator, and every morning and evening lift up their pretty little innocent throats, and carol in strains never to be despised. It is a pleasure to listen to them. I cry shame to the man who can clap up a warbler such as this in a cage, and deprive him of liberty, sweet liberty, thrice happy and ingenuous goddess. I would travel fifty miles on foot to kiss the hand of that man who would smite to the earth the tyrannical wretch who makes the cage, and he who makes use of it. And yet, alas! you see, gentlemen, that bird's cages are not more fashionable than cages of another descrip- tion for men. It is very true, gentlemen in do red not love me. They esteem me as a parroquet, per- haps a cockatoo, perhaps a jackdaw, perhaps an unclean bird. They may suppose I pluck my own feathers for my goose quill. They will find, how- ever, I am the eagle. I will pounce,--pounce,-- pounce, on all hands, till their coats are in tatters, and their plumes are dragged to dust. Music, gentlemen, is generally believed to have been the invention of man. I am of quite a different opinion. It is true you have some great musicians, in ancient times you have your Orpheus, with his fiddle, who went to Erebus on the thankless errand of bringing back his wife, in place of advertising her in the journals of the day; you have your Orion, who piped on a Dolphin's back, which leads me to think he must have hunted with the hounds of Nimrod; and you have your Appollo, who thummed the guitar, in peace and war, to make or mar the stubborn fates. But this is not proof that music was invented by man. I take my stand on this ground. Music is music all the world over. That is a proposition the Gazette itself cannot deny. Again the man who invented it is not named in his- tory. That's enough for me. My point is irresista- ble. "I'll fight about it, goddess and about it, till every reasoning man begin to doubt it." Still the question remains what were the first objects of in- strumental music. Most men declare that these were straws, reeds, and pipes. I am of quite a dif- ferent opinion. The inferior animals have supplied man with all the first subjects of manual, digital, pedal, and ventro-blast music. First, you know the simplest instrument is the marrow bone and cleaver. This is the badge of a very honorable profession, "the butchers," just as the "death's head" is the coat of arms, of the phy- sicians, and the Bible and Crown the badge of Church and State. Now when I say it is the badge of butchers,--not bungling legal butchers, but tender- hearted, merciful, fat faced butchers, who supply us with our daily beef. Music from this source is some- what gratifying to a polished ear. Perhaps it was in anticipation of the Opera in this place, that brother Jonathan, some time ago, sent us a large investment of shin bones. He cheated the soup- kettles of the slaves of the Isle of France, to supply us with marrow bones, we ourselves furnishing the cleavers. He knew his market, and he went home, singing on his way as he went, the national air of "yankee doodle." I have a specimen of the iden- tical shine quite at hand. It was a glorious subject for me. It furnished a leader for months, and even still I never can want subject for one if I only think of Jonathan's bones. The next animal substance that gave occasion to a musical instrument, was the horn of the ox, ram, or goat; this furnishes us with all wind instruments, from the whistle to the bassoon, and whether the sound imitates "gun, drum, trumpet, blunderbuss, or thunder;" this too must, have given the idea of the pipes of an organ, not the official organ; no, no, I may touch upon him by and bye; but I mean plain substantial organs, with or without trumpet stops, invented by St. Cecilia, and such as they have in that place on the hill, the "via Sacra," where the pew was, the ghost of the defunct pew, you under- me, I need not be more explicit. Next we have the smaller bones of animals, which wera converted in fifes, clarionets, and hautboys. We have horses hair for the bow, and intestines for the strings, and sinews for the bass of the violin and violincello; and the idea of the drum (witness the kettle drum) took its rise from beating on the sounding skull of a fallen enemy. I suppose, in our day, it would be difficult to get a sound head to stand music, for so far as I can judge, modern skulls seem to be cracked in many places, and altogether unsound; I think seriously, few of the skulls of our little great men would ring half so well as a broken pitcher. Gentlemen, if it were not libellous, I could refer you to many heads of this description; in par- ticular, one for each day in the week, sitting in a certain box, in a certain court, on a certain cause, and passing a certain judgment against a certain harmless individual, who, in his own opinion, and of those who think as he does, ought certainly to have been treated in a more gentlemanlike manner. Cob- bet's gridiron should have been in requisition on that day. Such is the origin of music; I consider it a happy thing for the Colony--this poor, unhappy, forlorn, benighted country, that the opera has started up amongst us, to cheer our drooping spirits. Do not take X. Y. Z. and Rubi for your guide. Do not let Rus in Urbe bamboozle you with bullocks and tobacco. Do not let Algernon and Adelphos, and all the letters of the alphabet, transmogrify your seven senses about Juries and Law; depend upon it this country is now a Cyclops; the "lumeni" is now "ademptum," the single eye is no where risible but on the forehead, not the braven forehead, of one of the Journals of the day. The Press, the Palladium of security is nearly destroyed, and we are taxed, and taxed, and are told to be patient, begone; pa- tience is the virtue of an ass. Our cattle are dying, our grass is burnt up, our tobacco is turning to snuff as it stands, our cauliflowers are converted to kail, our beef to bannocks, as Byron says, our winds are heated currents, our skies are brass, our earth is iron; who is in fault for all this? Who is the cause, the prime cause? The Rulers, the Rulers (shouts, and hear, hear); Oh Gentlemen, I weep for the land, I mourn for the cattle, I sigh for the crops, I groan for the Rulers, even to grunting in my spirit; I am thunderstruck at the merchants, I am horrified at the tradesman; what, £103,000 of income in one year! we have weathered many a storm, we cannot weather this. Sixteen years have I promulgated my doctrines; sixteen years have you turned a deaf ear to my tales, ye men of hills and lagoons, of swamps and creeks, of wattle scrubs, and tea tree brushes, do listen to my valedictory address, do not permit me to be the only humming bird in the land [shouts]. Exit after a candle-snuffer, who has purloined the shin bone, the speaker calling out, "scourge the rogue, he has stolen my shin bone, the glorious bone, the inestimable document." 