MONDAY, NOV, 16. 1829. .The following is an Extract from last Saturday's Gazette. A Correspondent addresses to us the fol- owing observations; " There never was a period since His Excel- lency came to the Colony, when so many native- born youths have applied for small grants. There is quite a ferment amongst them, and all are satis-. fied their applications will be successful. " One thing in favour of the measure is, that not one of these young men can marry till a small grant is given, after which we are positive many marriages will take place. We (!) can positively affirm, that the colonial youths never were so elevated with hopes of receiving 50 or 60 acres. If they are thrown down from hope, we (!) can also say, great will be their fall."' " This is a subject" (comments the Editor) " of no little importance, and has for some time occupied the attention of our Govern- ment, though not exactly in the form in which it is presented by our Correspondent. Some months ago, we argued on the expe- diency of grants of land being given to young women on their marriage, and proposed for public discussion, sundry propositions re- ative to the quantities to be given respectively to the several classes of society ; the conditions of the tenure, and other matters incidental to the arrangement. We are much surprised that the question has drawn so small a share of public notice, for we cannot but think it of the deepest interest to the country. It is, we know, the anxious wish of the Government, to hold out a fostering hand to the native youth, i and the only question is, in what form the en- couragement can be most effectually. "Measures are in progress which will, we are persuaded, give very general satisfaction.' So then after four years matchless go- vernment, after the present dynasty is about to give up the ghost, the Official Journal is directed to announce, that the na- tive-born settlers, who are of age, ought to, and shall have, some fifty acres of their na- tive soil, as well as the Dumaresq's, the Ho- nourable Barry's, the Mc'Leay's, the Miss Mc'Leay's, the Harrington's, the Stewart's, the Wolstonecraft's, the Icely's, the Jones's, the Anley's, the Brigade Major Gillmans, the Soldier-Doctor Gibson's, and other civil and Soldier relatives and friends, Civil and Religious, of the court and the Family. But how is it that " His Excellency's pleasure" on this subject should have been four long years coming maturity? Or is it Sir George Mu-r ray's." pleasure," rather than His Excel- lency's ? We suspect the latter. Loud and bitter outcries of the way in which the Crown Lands have been alienated, reached Downing Street the spring of last year; for the last twelve-months they have been re-iterated every ship that sailed. Therefore, we shrewdly guess, (as, Jonathon says,) that the above piece of ...... flummery, about " the anxious wish of the Government to hold a fos- tering hand to the native youth," comes rather late in the day. Why not have expressed these "anxious wishes' before ? How is it these '' anxious wishes" have been only felt all along towards the proprietors of Elizabeth Bay, Bateman's Bay, Wind- mill hill, Wooloomill Bay, Manning River, Man- ning River Island nooks and corners who are chiefly civil or soldier officers with large salaries ? (which nalaries by the bye have hately in effect bieen do bled, since the in. ;omes of the Settlers-and Graziers, owing i'iothu depreciated price of thii beef, mutt an ;and wool, have been reduced to one half.) S'liow is it " nnxious wishes" about giving it-agvy land, have for' four long years been pressed-only towards the Ihangera-ron at $.oie rnment-honse, and tocohlonial and un -.de'Secretaries tn d Brigade-major.s, and to: Ispinatere, anI in brides, and to lonoura-i edii, aid' to the Stafif, and to rolations oi .lDhdFainit,,'"sitch as we have enumer'ated: e While the Miller G ordon's, and thet ;Shelly's, anul ohlier' Emigrants, wose names I ,. dare not to mc:ntion, lest ro showuld ruin •esem by so doing,.are rtow at this mn sent .seohing for land nil over the terri ,ry, and cannot gel an acre within 10 Jiles of Sydney? If the River Manning' ·.rtally ntcrdilt badib a ban opeced,. why tell the secret to the Desar qa., the Jones's, the Icely's, and other Addresagat \- ters-up and address carriers, and thereby t secure all the " tight little islands" there I and then, and all thetit-bits,tho Enmigranta in the mean time wandering about like ~ipsieo in Argyle, la ?uarra, an-. Jerry"? tlaino, ~eeking rest, but finding, none? Why not have c{t cheant city and micery of these poor broa!en-lbCarted wanderer- short, and'` saved their purces, by letting them into the grand secret, before our rich mer chants, and richer Aide-du-camp, and still m richer Colonial Treasurcr, wereo allowed to chalk on the maps ? We still trust ip God's justice, that Sir n. George Murray will be moved to demand atrigid list of all the deccript and n'on-de •script alienations of land made .by this Government; not merely of all bona-tide grants rind purchases; but of all pronmises; ; and chalks-on-the map ; and, above all, of i- RESERVES ! We want dearly to let Sir George Murra; see all the good things that were in abeyance, and which, bht ; for that iifamnous brazen trumpet, The SSydneu MAonitor, which His Excellency has pIublicly and officially assured the Colonilst, " is not countenanced by any ' manba character or common respecta bility," were intended to be done and per; formed ! We doubt not but the see eta revealed by us from time to time on this head, particularly within the last 1\. six months, have induced many of the red- collared and blue-coated PRaOMIsts?a, I. humbly to with-draw their claims and rwihes, and to beg to be allowed to rub out their modest but premature chalks, not wishing now to trouble Ilia Ex sf celloncy ! In this list bowever, we do not s include Miller Gordon, (a native of the Colony,) whose claim under Sir Thomas a Brisbane, was scouted by ten-thousand a acre-less Mr. Mc'Leny, until wse exposed the poor man's wrongs in this Journal ; I nor yet Mr. Shelly, who has been waiting " two years and cannot get an acre, much less a whole Island, like the one "bespoke'" ' by Captain Dumaresq ; much leas 10,000 ' acres, like those " bespoke" by our Colo ,. nial Secretary at 3atenman's Biay; much g less the same Ilonouraba's '" bespoke" r Church.reserve in the Cow-pastures; '- much' less the brace of sections be a spoke by the bride of Mr. -- ot Wind nor, as a marriage portion; much lesm the chalk'd portions of Mr. Mc'Le iy'a family ; much less the whole purish of , Colonel Stewart beyond Bathurat; who ® brought his farm into cultivation by em o plnying the King's troops and the Emti p plain .drays, and by selling shoes and stores, marhed on being landed at the I King's Wharf, " army storeo'" at the Go, c vernment :loune at `Bathurst:; as Major Wall can testify, if enquired of either by Ilia Excellency or His Majesty's Attorney General; seeing the latter is so ieal'ous a ti prosecutor of pew-trespasaereri, and otbhe otfenders in miademeanour ! S-As t the. allegation in the above ex, I tcit from theOfticial Journal, that " there -?never was Aperiod.aince tli lExceltenlc " came to the'Colony when no many nai " tive-born youths have applied for small I" grants--there 's quite a ferment amongst , " them, &c.;" is is a base ftbricatzon elther of the Editotor of some crealture of this (Goerns ment. It is manufactured toinducetlie native ' youths to hasten to send in their petitions r foi farms. The native youths petitioned this government on the Governor's early ar, rival, bugt not the least encouragnemett.. They soon learnt, that all the b st and most a contiguaun land were to he given awo y tto his staffand the civil and military officers of the Colony and to favoured youngladies. 'They therefore ceased very soon to ask for land. Now that this artful inviration tot \- them to petition for land, is thrown out by,! the cunning Rev. E?Jitor, they will no: doubt petition once more, at least we would advise every one of'then? wh s is of age, so to do. But let then all anti-date their, petitions sonime tbrce months, some ir.ic some nine, and some twelre, to make be lieve they asked fir land all that time Sback, in order to justifr the veracious alle-. gation inthe Oflrcial Journil, nhnot:their' be'int at this moment ":ALL IN AFEIL SIMENT !" - If the flime) argument ahnut:the native lads " narrying" he rie?iere, aond ali, true (though mind,"it may be true, and we think it is true, witho, ,its ibeing. sicere), why then, it is a disgrace to. tIe pre:.ent Administration to' have kept our native Syouth four years without the neanes of marrying; while to .thle brides and daugh ters of civil officers and rich settlers alreIt(ly supplied with lureequsantities of land, ten and twerity times the qulantity these ponr native lads wduld'r,'guire, have beenr given themn: as a mnrriagfe portion I letr thlis Sir George hMurray.! as you valuc justice and the. love of the ?.untive-born ,f Nesd! South 'Vales ; who mutt very soit heco?sl' the owners ofat thik territory, and on, whose loyalty and allegiance fifty yeiard honee, thli. King of England nmust rely, for his domni niens in this quarter of his empire ! " This is a subject" stas the crafty 'Off timl' of'no little imrplnrtance, and hars fot some time (!D occupied the attention of ort 1 Govertitnht.'" We will ask, is it not it subject of that natiure a. to have deimnanded thl, rttetiton of Grovernment AT ALL A 'J'IMErS ? Can the iative youth of the Colony, in regird to'their claims fir land; he forgotten by this Govei'nment for a 4 single rday, with justice and policy, much lea? for Aoir lears ? .. . S''he courtly Editor affecta sunrprise at his former absurd iroipositihn to endow" the currency laosses with land in preference to t the boya, "ha'ving attracted so ai?iall aA share of the public notice." I'ho flct is t that it wano abv'ous to all men, that the n naid proposition wasnintended by the Edi tar, as a cover to the enormour gafts givet to t Mr. Mc'Leay's family, and to matvlgI ,oung ladied on their hIzrriage atud it therefire was received by ,the' pblic 'wiLb loathlng,; snsraeraut Law.tturir I Th?e 8ge A o iaq, Moniter expressed the public feeling \- at the time, and the proposition fell to the SgIroand like a lump of lead, gross, vile, Sand, worthless. it is strangeC the Court s Editor should have yet to learn,'that if (as he impudently and falsely published, SPubiibed too-.' n :h..iangCuage of the lirsa ? person in the Colony) '" oar columns are f " ?n read by any ban of character or : c-ancom otz respectability," we i. atll Sovcnts read by nine- tenths of the people and \- that the politicalcnnduet and creed of nine I tenths ot the people of this Coldiny are de 1 termined and formed by us. The Colo nists saw and kntw us, fourteen long years r before they'ever heard of'General Darliun; 3 not only as public men, but ulto as private \- Emigrant Settlers; and to what WE SAY, a therefore, the General may depend upon it the Colonists will always response, a ;hearty amen. f " IMeasures are In progress which will r ' wen are persuaded, give very gener I sra " tirfaction." If any thin'g were wtnting tto prsºys our former insinuation, that the e whole of this extract is " got up" for the y occasion, and is intended to induce' the isa e ivo lads to send in their ipetitios"afortlt; V with, to prevent: Ilis Excellency I>ing sur \- perseded in his Gnvernment (which u. \- believe he is hourly expecting to be) before a he has granted them landl; this expression' S o uldhi remove all doubts. Ve exhort thelads t to petition for land without delay on the Ri e ver Manning. It is really good lanld there ; i, land on which they can rear a family. And d we have reason to believe, that t1'e Govern b mient now wish togive the land there away r, to the boys. Government know it- ill have \- a better look, whc n the banks of that ri tt ver are filled up with little settlers in the e intervening spaces between the su?np a tuous manors" of the Onslow's, the Gual dings, the Icely's, the Jones's, the Dttmna resqs, the &c.; &o.; &e.; &c.; &e.; &c.; &c.; CotRT or RQOurs.Is.-TIalloran vs. Alorda.int. The plaintif suanad the defend ant for ten pounds, for work and labour done and performed. Dr. H. stated, that MIr. "Mordaunt as the organ of the Sydney. Publicans, lately employed him to eC'm pose and engross a fair copy of a Ipetition to the Colonial Legislature. on important matters regatrding their body. That he had done so in an elabotate memorial of three sheets of foolscap ; that he had re ceived tour pounds in pert payment thereof; an.l now sued for the other six. Ilia charge of ten pounds had been made by him as a fair remuneration for 'the drawinu up of a petition, which required a great deal of -his attention and consider ation, and hbe presented' to the Commis r sioner, in support. of his: "clilm, an affi. davit from a gentlernaisthori the publi cans had employed fve years ago to draw for them a similar memorial. In the .tlfidavit it was stated, 'that the deponent had beeif pinid'Tena"pounds for.:his labours. 'That gentleman 'however, (the Doctor Satserved) oeomed In understand his 'avo cation better than. himself, for he., had taken ilie prec 'ution to demand hhs fe4 (btrrirtcr-like) before he put pen to t piper. Dr. WVardell, on behalf of the defendant.: plea led, that the payment of f4, confessed to by the plaintiff, was quite a uiflicient remuneration ; that he himself (though he hadl not seen the memno riat) should not have charged -the publi cans more that five guiineas; and th lt. Dr. H. had not distinctly proved, that he was employed speciatly and: exclusively by the defendant. On this last urilond the Plaintiff was non-suited. (We are quite astonished at so respectable annd wealthy a r body as the publicans, giving three or .five guineas to a Counsel, to resist so just a de mand as that which is here recorded. '1 hey "' well knew they paid ten guineas before for a simnilar mcrmorial 9 They are well aware Dr. Halloran is not affluent, and has a lage family to suppeort.. ''hey are well aware that if he had, as was clone once, demanaded his fee before- hand, they wouldt hare paid him; seeing there is n t maan in the Golony Swho would fake more pains, or who ies Aore Scapable of advocating their cause, than the Doctor ? Whence then this strange devi.a- tion in the Sqddney Purblicans, from the course psr.,edl. to the writer of thei/ fiurmer memo siil P. II'tat is /4alf:a crown a piece to such men, ? Even if they hlad made a precent of Iler poundls tr a public ,rzefr Ihke Dr. II, ich/o is elmer're-adyl o adutance the public weal by his literary labohurs, thcy wodtl neither uhave ruined noar digracedrl themselvces. Eu.) A very intelligent friend of ours, said to us one dlay this week, " why friend Hall, your paper " was not rich last week as uIsual ; I was " obliged to confess to your Tory foes, who praushed " me hard on the subject, that you were rather " dull aInst Saturday ; for though they don't sub " scribe to your Jmcubrations. , they all acknow '' htJlege.1yur supcrority ver .".the )mOfficinl," andl "that thIly'rentlyou with infinite iimnrneig ?nelt h " than they do .he auggestions of * 'the Otllcial's "' r.rnpter, the pensioned Colonial' Serctary " Their petty spite indleed alone prevents themn " frotm ubS(ribiiAig to thet Sydney' Monitor; amd " the Governor's allegatin:, thsat it is not read .by 1 " any person dif chr'h"tctr, i: false, ?ot bnly ns ti '" the renper tbiltity of' y'our snhnser'.h'rsn, btml 'f,1 Se " to a man,'of al l youIr i:t..lli4ent and wcaltlhiy o'p " 1)lnents.t' \A'e onl'y ,lrh.n esd it nry e .:';'.]u fri.nd's sgg'cstion, ,yRserv;Fg, tihat wr;tern wers inot ahiwVys eqnually h?isppy snd clcer-lmreldil. lliw. ev -r, on hlooking nt our last Saturdl:iy's prodluction, while we admit that outr ligst-intstry rc'sadrs, andi tlhe cormmon people who a;tcnd pshlsic-h',ss's, I wol'sd find in it ?ut a scnnty piortion of chit- chat, . snaiIl .talk, villalq gb'isip, or of that 'still mAnr t delicious fare, 'police incildents," we Ito-Jly al lege, wen nev.'r pnstlilshed a more inmportant paper. or one wlhich lisncoveredsmore inilsamtry, mohre re -5 snearch, morer clear dlata, or mnor soundssl thiokisng. s The report and commsnts on thie tril of Mlc'Cnbe for perjiry, and tlihe expsnre to Sir Gs;orgo Mur rny of the humming letter of memorial, of our in tellctoln trutlh- telling Chamber of Commerco, with Measr,. fs-rry, Janmes, tJunn, andi Co. at their haind, t together wis the valuable infornmtion of thie real di nature and capabilities of New Solitlh Walesn a n tn a?gricultural Colony, will (we will bo egotiats enough to any;) bhe rad with the interest by ' fte p;eopZ of LZondon, who are.nt nll connootecl t with the Colony; nod will be pscferred b thsris' no? and bry asiuch Membra of Parliamoent who read our Sydney Journals, to all our saull: lgossip, not ssl exaeptiag the eaminationsa beforsa our WrOe Vhypslp I agsthii. C Mptb toodesait Rosell' of 