DOMESTIC INTELLIGENC,E.: SIGNs OF THE TIMES.-Up to yesterday, neatly five hundred writs of arrest and summonses have been issued during the present short vacation ; and we are assured by a gentleman well conver sant with English practice, that this amount is ful- ly equal to the number of processes issued during a like period for the City of London and County of Middlesex. It must also be borne in mind, that the writs above-mentioned do not include any kind of writ whereby either goods or personz are taken to satisfy judgment. Mr. Dunlop, it is said, is on his return to the Colony, with a salary of £400 a year, with the appointment of Colonial Astronomer. Our old Colonist, Captain Ashmore, may be ex- pected back again, bIut not in the Guide; he comes next time to settle; i. e. if the times will permit. The Dutch seem to like the Southern equator for colonizing- A lodgment has been effected in New Guinea by the Java Government. The reduction of Clerks in the Commissariat, by orders from home, will not make money more. plentiful. Mr Tyerman, who came on a mission to this Colony two years ago, died lately at Madagascar. He and Mr. Bennett had been engaged; in a series .of #i'aels in . this 'hemisphere for eight years. M C..,T. was a pleasant man; but the con- stant jealousies and misunderst ndings between him and his coadjutor Mr. Bennett, displayed their incompetency both in. bend and heart, for the office-of visiting in an apostolic spirit the .Churches established by the 1 Missionary Society in" these seas. The spruce fash.onable chithling and' priestly consequence 'too which these gen tlemen assumed when here, and their associ tion exclusively with the elegaat and the rich, in dicated too ?strongly their proneness to worldly pleiasure,' and pharisaic righteousness. The Bank of Australia has divided 8 per cent .for the last half year. (Sixteen per cent per annum.) " A settler of the name of Butler, on his way. from his firm at Richiund,. to Sydney, was com pelled by two robbers on the highway, to lie down, while they drove off his cart laden, with wheat 4ud huxtery. 'They ihzo took his jacker' containing twenty-three dollars. After six days, the cart wai; found. . In consequence of the failure of the crop at the Isle of Fran-, freights for Europe were as l.?.as 30s. a ton: ..... OVTRAGEOUS MURDER AND: RoBnERY.--Three settlers were pursuing their peaceful way with *heir carts and teams, near the South Creetk, on SFriday week, when "t couple of. desperate sc:'un tlrels stopt.the first settler, and presenting pistols, induced him to give them the money he had taken at market. The next settler had more courage. and refused; when they shot him dead on she spot. 1 His name is Mason. He lhas a wife and faIrily. The fellows then departed; leaving the third settler unuolested. Pursuit was made by the Windsor Police, but without effect. We are happy to hear Mr. Brunton's Sulscrip tion Ball for the exhibition of the acquireiments of his pupils in the necessary and elegant accom pli hment of dancing, is likely to be not only numerously attended, but also attended by some of " the tirst personages in the Colony. At the rehear sals Ih;ave been present the lady of the Chief Jus tice; the 'Miss Blaxlands, &e.; &c.; A catarrh, accompanied with cough, a rash, and fever, prevails at this moment in Sydney amuiwg famifies. Sydney is not so healthy a place as it was twenty and thirty years .ago. There is however less dysentery. The South-Head road has lately been haunted by two beings, not ghosts, but muscular six feet high men, who have plundered harmless peace. able foot passengers of their little monies.. A man they met yielded to their cutting out his pocket. It contained three dollars. They then returned him the pocket without further exami nation It still contained two Bank notes of £1 each, which the ruffians did not put their fin gers on. ' They have since been taken. " By returns of criminal cases tried in the Supreme Court, for the last Sessions of 1827, it appears that about 30 informations were tried, which was consid ered a heavy sessions. Upon this occasion, also, a complete gaol delivery was effected. The Sessions, just concluded, were occupied in trying upwards of 70 informations, the greater part of which were for capital felonies; whilst, at the close, there still re mained above 50 prisoners for trial before the Su preme Court, who had been committed during the sittings. The Jury sat 30 days, and were generally detained in Court until after 5 o'clock, and on seve ral occasions did not adjourn before 9, and even sometimes remained till past 12 o'clock. at night. This statement may afford some light ided of the but thensomre duties which Judges, and the officers of the Supreme Court, have to perform. .To this al$o should be added the additional days on which thei Court sat in banco Or for 'a'ssing sentences ; makinr altogether about 40 days strict confinement in the ' arduous discharge of official duties. " Let those who are disposed to cavil at the salaries paid to these Officers, now say whether they are. morte than, or even sufficiently renumerated fuir, i'teir IJ bours. We will venture to affirm, that ihere is not a Colony :attached to the British dominions, where there is so much .business imposed .on the Judges, as in'Ausitralia, nor one where that business is transacted at so small an exlence to the Govern ment, as 'far as salaries are concerned. We cannot conclude these remarks without noticing the very re gular manner in which His Majeaty,s Attorney Ge tieral has conducted the duties of his department. Every arrangement has been made to accommodate the up-country Wvitnesses so as not to detain them from their farms during the harvest. The inconve nience of the gnfortunate prisoners, too, has at all times, been consulted ; and, added to to all this, it is also worthy of remark that, out of the 70 informati ons filed, only one failed, owing to legal, techuical, or other objectionis."-Sydaey Gazette 22nd lust. As Colonel Morrisset and lady were driving on Thursday, past Mr. Levey's_ new premises, in George-street, a cart with.an ill-broken-in horse met them, and ran the wrong side, by which means the wheelof the cart and the gig struck each other, and the Colonel and Mrs. Moi'rissct were both pre cipittedl omn the foot.path. The head of Mrs. Mlor risset camine in contact with the paling which en closes the yardt of Mr. Blanch Her face was greatly cut, and by the convulsive motion of the Slady's limbs, it was concluded by the sympath;s ing and shuddering passengers, that she had re ceived her death blow. 'We shall have occasion to mention this accident again before we finish. -" -qt?O? 