ANGLOCHINESE COLLEGE, AT MALACCA. PATRON, SIR GEORGE T. STAUNTON BART. The foundation stone of this Institution was laid on the 11th of November A. D. 1818. After the lapse of ten years, its sixth Report has issued from the Press. The objects of the College are, the cultiva- tion of Chinese and English literature, and the dif fusion of Christianity among the Chinese language nations, vis. Japan, Corea, Loo-choo, China, and Cochinchina. The principles on which it is con- ducted arc perfectly liberal. No nation or church is excluded from whatever advantages it may afford, The youths on the foundation have been, at the time of entering, chiefly Pagan. A Roman Catholic Chinese was supported at the College, while he trans- lated into Chinese, from the latin, a Hebrew lexicon, and an American youth studied with success, Chi nese within its wails. As a school of Chinese, where that difficult language may be studied, under Euro- pean and native teachers, and protected by a liberal government, the institution is deserving of general support. During the short period of its existence, it han had to regret the death of two officers, both good Chi- nese scholars, viz. Hie Rev. Dr. Milne, and the late Mr. Collie. The former gave to the western world an English translation of a Chineso imperial work ; the sacred edict ; and to the eastern world, he left in Chinese an essay on the soul of man ; a para- phrase on St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians; and a large number of excellent christian tracts. Mr. Collie gave the iirst complete English version of con fucius, that ever was made. At the College, the Holy Scripture» in Chinese, and various other religious books ; a Chinese translation of the morning and evening prayers of the English church ; the shorter catechism of the church of Scotland, &c.; have been printed under the superin- tendence of its officers. One of our recent visitors in China, Lieutenant Blake li. N. accompanied Admiral Gage, not long ago, to inspect the college, which, we are happy to say, gave the admiral much satisfaction. Mr. Marjoribanks, so much, and so justly res- pected in our society, visited the College a few months ago, and being gratified by its progress, left it a handsome donution. And now, on returning to Euglaud, he has originated a subscription in its fa- vour, which has been liberally filled up ; the Presi- dent of the College.begs, through the medium of our paper, to return thanks to the Gentlemen oi the British Factory in particular ; and to other Gentle- men, not in the Honourable Company's service, resident in Canton, who have repeatedly contributed to the support of the Angolochinese College. CANTON, JANUARY 17.-Winter solstice, or as the Chinese call it Tungche, is a great term with them. They this year kept it on the 22d of December, or the 16th of the 1 lth moon. According to custom all the officer* of the great cities, Tartars and Chi- nese, civil and military, repair in solemn silence, about three or four o'clock in the morning, clothed in Court dresses, to the Imperial Hall, called Wan Show King, " the Pavilion of ten thousand years," and perform the grand ceremony of thrice kneeling, and nine times bowing the head to the ground. This was done in honour of the solstitial term, and the returning sun. After all parties return home, inferior officers tend servants with cards to their su- periors to congratulate them on the solstitial festi- val. At this time private families make Rice pies with pork, in the form of a semicircle; also large round cakes of various kinds, fowls, ducks, pork, crabs, &c.; are boiled with roots of the waterlily, and spread out with oranges and wine on tho domestic altar, and presented to the shades of their departed ancestors. After the ceremony of worship is over, these eatables are distributed and sent to relations, friends, and ac- quaintances, who feast upon these sacrifices. Gold and silver leaf papers are burnt, candles and incense are lit ; and crackers are let off, as when sacrificing to the Gods, Some perform these rites in the morn- ing, and others in the evening. In all schools, boys, sometimes accompanied by their fathers, go and worship Confucius, and their schoolmaster. Either the name, or the supposed likeness of Confucius on paper, is suspended behind the altar. The master and his wife are requested by the pupils to come into the school, and be seated whilst the boys kneel down and put their heads lo the ground thrice. The master, however, generally stands. The Tungche term is moreover one of the periods when tradesmen send in their bills. In Canton, the Chinese commonly consider the European Christmas day, as being equivalent to their own solstitial festi- val In the Chinese calendar this year, the birth day of O me to-Fuh, i. e. Amida Budh, occurs on Decem ber,23d. And on the 15th is the birth day of the ' very merciful and most holy Poo-sa." Also, on 'the same day the festival of the Sun is inserted. But none of these days are generally observed. THE NOVA AOUORA.-We gave in n Inte number au imperfect muire of lite shipwreck of the Portu- guese ship Nova Aurora, respecting which we have Ici rued the follóning particulars from a declaration nrade before the judge of Macao, by the gunner, the person we alluded to us having been rnnsjnied at ,_ Batavia. , The Nova Aurora sniled from Batavia on the 6ih ' of October last, her destination bring Macao. On the 26* ill about i) p. m. she struck on a shoal to the smith of the ivlaud of lialalmck. lal. 8 N. between horneo aud Pala»un. lu striking she broke her rudder; and in the morning sprung a leak. During that and the following day, several Malays from (lie Island of Baluhack eaiue off to the wreck; and the Captain and crew were in treaty with them for a passage to the shore, when the chief of the Malays run through the body n Chinese passenger who hap- pened accidentally lo come in personal couiact with ¡?im. Alarmed at this cruel and barbarous net, the treaty for the passage to the shore was abandoned, OMI! the 2nd Officer, gunner, boatswain,' five sailors, « Dutch sailor a passenger, mid a Chinese barber, took to the boat and put to sea. On the third day after the shipwreck, they landed on a small 'uland, on which I hey perceived some Mulays, »ho treacherously attempted to make pri- soners of them. This intention however being per- ceived by the party, they lind timely recourse to the baal, being at the same time assailed with a shower .of poisoned arrows from the Malays, one of which . having slightly wounded the. boatswain in the arm he died in five minutes after. Fearful of encountering the treacherous and savnge inhabitants, the unfortunate parly steered out lo sea during the day, mid at nicht proceeded slowly under the shade of the different islets; continuing lo do so for twenty four days when their biscuit and water . became exhnnsled, and they were obliged to support nature by eating marine herbs, Sec. At length becoming desperate, they proceeded further out lo sea than usual, mid were captured by some Malays of Solo, an 'uland in the same archipe- lago, who brought them for sale to the Rajah of Ma- lu do II an island on the north coast of Borne», who how eyer rescued them from their captors, giving thein in exchuuge only a little gunpowder, and spoke 'of sending the un foil una le people lo Singapore. At Mnludon the gunner fortunately fell in with a Malay from Borneo, an old friend, who ransomed him for 45 dollars woith of goods. Willi his Malay friend he left Maltidon on the 9ih of January for Borneo, and was scut by him in a prallt/ to Sambas, 'receiving at parting a present of 5 dollars in cash, besides food, aud a slave to accompany liim. Ile arrived at Sambas on the 2d of May, and was re- ceived by the Dutch resident ; and on the 2d of Au- gust he embarked in a Chinese junk of Ihn port of Comum for Maeno. On the |8th the junk was lost on the last coast of China, and the gunner having rxciiped from the wreck, made his way to Macao a» u Chinese mendicant. The guiltier further states that before leaving Ma huton, accounts liad been received of Captain Bnp ti.ta and ihe remainder of the shipwrecked crew, having been taken on hoard a prahu. on tiie fourth day after their disaster and carried tu Banque. . MORTSAOFS.-His Excellency Governor Le has B published a long document on the law of mort I'' gages. He disallows the mortgage of houses or y¡ lands for a longer period than nine years. Then if the parties wish to continue it, or modify it, a new deed must he made out. Unless they choose thus to act, they must add the word " cut-off " to the deed, aud so make the transaction a sale, which alienates .for eyer the property from the original owner. His reason fur this decision is, that long mortgages occasioned quarrels and litigations when the owner cannot redeem. Perhaps the land in- creases in value, then he comes upon the occupier . or more money, which appears just, but was not stipulated for. Perhaps he wants to redeem, but the occupier says, I have improved the property, either-truly or in pretence, that he may retain it. For these and similar reasons His Excellency thinks that no mortgage should be in force more than tea , yea». we have heard of the nrrirn! at Singapore of Ihe Clarinda Free Initier. She was bnnrdt'd by pirates on llio I.iBe, and rtinoiigHt oilier plunder «as robbed of two clients of Opium, which in igiiornnco of its value, were it is said thrown over bnnrd. I It appears that sevcrnl of the Indinmen snw vos- I ?.Is ubotit the sanie spot, under very suspicion« up. penrnnces, which no doubt wero those of the piratical squadron flint issues from Ibu shores of Cuba mid South America, lind provided with fictitious papers escape the pou cr of the superior class of merchant Ships, while the weaker fall victimo. It is to ho hoped that some (¡until instances of retaliation will soon occur, mid clear the sens of such miscreants, mid, as they have lately proved tlicmsclvci, most horrid murderers. JAPAN.-In the night, between the 17th and 18th September, a dreadful hurricane, such as in the re- collect ion of the Japanese, never had been experi- enced before, occurred in the buy of Nangasoki, whereby the greatest part of the town of that name, and the island of Decima, were destroyed. ln the bay of Nangasaeki alone, upwards of 700 people lost their lives. The Netherland's ship Cornelis Hutman, Capt. de Tong, was thrown on shore, with loss of mienmast, jibboom, and other considerable damage. On the 18th October, when this account came away, she had not got afloat. Hopes were entertained however of getting her of next spring tide. Neither among the ships crew, nor the Gentlemen of the Dutch Factory, were any lives lost." A large Imperial work, both in llio Chinese and Mtinshiir languages, is announced by tim Prime mi. Histor To-lsin, ni completed. It is entitled Skiuhnen. " Holy or sacred Instructions" by the monarchs of lite reigning dynasty. A country mugistinte in Canton province has is- sued a proclamation commanding mid nxliniling his fellow.officers not to demean themselves by execs-' sire obsequiousness in " bending the back," ami cringing to their snpeiiors. And ther late Fooyuen, Ching, published n long dominent, rather curious, exhorting the civil and military officers to lire toge- ther in peace nne harmony. A CUNNING CHINESE TOPER.—It is well known to those who have been initiated into the mysteries of a Chinese feast, and luxuiated on birds'nests, deers' sinews, sharks' fins, and all the innumerable but de- lightful dishes in the unique cookery of this unique people—I say to those who have frequently, like my- self, assisted as performer on such occasions, it is well known the worship of Bacchus is by no means neglected ; and although the drinking cups are very small, yet the frequency of libation makes up for the minuteness of qunniity, which must according to the fixed laws of politeness, be absorbed to the last drop. In short no heel taps are allowed ; and to shew that no breech of good breeding has taken place, every man shews the bottom of his small cup. However, as little wine may be put into the cup as the individual wishes, provided he can give the ne- cessary hint to the butler, whose duty it is to run round the table pouring out the sparkling Sue hing. Well lo come lo my tale. Once upon a time it hap- pened that 11 Chinese toper was invited to a feast where be was afraid he should get short allowance of wine; 10 remedy which ho bethought himself of tho follow ing cuuniiie device r-Ile takes the butler aside before dinner, and whispers in his ears, " I shall be obliged to you to pour into my cup, at each time, only n few drops of wine; and here my good fellow is n present for you;" putting ni the same lime a very small neat packet into his hand. The butler relumed a multiiiide of thanks, and promised implicit obédience; hut, WAS so delighted ihut he took the first opportunity of retiring to a corner ant! inspecting his prize. But his dismay mid rage were great, when hi-.tend of shining pieces of silver, he found the packet to contain only bits of broken Ohinnware. He returned ina great rage to the dining table, armed with the instrument of his revenge-n large jnr'of Sue king; and every time the frequent round* of drinking came, he took espe- cial care lo fill the toper's rup to ihe very brun. The toper, an the other hand, supplicated with looks, and made us demonstrable signs as politeness admitted, of his aversion and detestation of such bumpers, lint the indignant buller the uioie he observed the toper's repugnance, the more delighted he was, and plied him so well, that he got ns drunk ns a lord, or a Hiller, lo his own great contentment, nnd infinite delight of Ly the buller. A BENEVOLENT ACTION.-During the late fire at Whampoa, the house of a Comprodor in Canton, well known to the public, whilst on fire in front, was plundered from behind by a party of robbers who defied all opposition, till the military interfered and secured some of them. When the offenders were examined, it turned out that the robbers were mostly the kindred of the sufferer-nephews and cousins, &c.; &c.; the younger branches of the clan, when this was discovered, the Comprador dropped the prosecution, and issued a notice that whatever property of his might be found at pawnbrokers, he would redeem it himself. This action the public have praised as true benevolence, and the mark of a really virtuous man. DBATIJ.-During the G It moon, the eldest son of a late Hong Merchant, di. d nt Ihe agc of 36. lie left four wives mid only one daughter. Ile has died soilless, which is coiisidcrid a great calamity in this country. The f.unily he has left in abject poverty. As a youth we heaid his father lament his pruiligncy and idleness ; and his younger brother now says, his destiny wns had. The revolving course ofnaturo brought nolhiiiLT good to the family. GHOST.-Lust year in the 12th moon, n widow's son in the neighborhood, having been chastised hy her, run off into an adjoining house und cut his throat. The house wns subsequently let to a Nurlhcountry man, « hu a few- day. ago gnve n party lo some friends, in the midst of winch, bricks, liles Sec. caine down from the roof, on Ihe table and broke his dUhes, a'id n voice said " 1 am (he lord of this house, aged 13, why don't you sacrifice lo me." The northcott u try mail belit-ved this must he the ghost «if the lad nfto cul his throat, and luitlivviih quitted the mnmùon. -?=! 