THE CURRENCY AGAIN! Several letters will be found in the next page, on the confounding dollar question ; and the conflicting views entertained by the writers are a pretty fair sample of the di- vided state of public opinion. We have not met with two men whose notions per- fectly agree. Some are for, some against the revival of the old currency ; some are partly for the one side, and partly for the other ; some halt between the two, not knowing which to embrace ; some think the five shilling currency will work well, though bad in theory ; while others think its prac- tical mischiefs will equal, if not exceed, its theoretic absurdity. If these contradictory opinions were confined to private discourse, they would be comparatively harmless ; but unhappily they are formally promulgated by public meetings, embodied in authoritative resolutions, emblazoned all over the town in huge placards, and all over the country in newspaper advertisements. A week and a half ago, it was announced, with all these imposing formalities, that currency had long been sick, that it had at length given up the ghost, and that it had been solemnly buried at the Canning Tavern ; but, lo ! a week after, another meeting is held, which an- nounces, under the sign manual of an emi- nent merchant, that the funeral rites had been prematurely performed, the old Spanish gentleman having been actually entombed before | the breath had left his body ; that his existence was so important to the state, that a conclave of financial physicians had been called to take him out of the coffin, who, by dint of galvanic applications, had so far ac- complished resuscitation as to produce sundry muscular contortions, and very audible groans, indicating the non-extinction of the vital spark. This same conclave, in its first bulletin, pledges itself to a due care for the old dead-alive gentleman's future health, and strongly recommends to the couhtry to whose weal his life is of such marvellous moment, to make every exertion to cherish his reviving strength, in hopes that he will soon stalk through the land with his usual majesty of mien, scattering wealth and hap- piness to all around. But up pops another conclave, giving no- tice of a solemn inquest, or rather consulta- tion, on Tuesday next, at the Royal Dissec- ting Room, then and there to enquire whether the two forementioned bulletins are worthy of the public confidence, hinting broadly enough that the old fellow has lost at least' one-tenth of his pristine vigour, and ought to sink m the like proportion in the estimation of society. Now what are the poor and middling classes to think of all this ? A very large portion of our community are so little ac- customed to think for themselves on ques- tions like these, that they are led implicitly by the opinions of their betters ; print is with them authority, and their calculation fluctuate with advertisements and placards, just as the needle vacillates before the load- stone. First they are told that cur- rency, like the charlatan's tankard, is " no more," and that the dollar is to pass for only 4s. 2d. sterling. For one busy, anxious, dis- putatious week, this ipsedixitis received by them and acted upon, until, finding out the tricks played upon them by base, extortion- ate shop-keepers, they raise a clamour about the ears of their masters, -demanding 5s. sterling in lieu of the old-established 5s. cur- rency. The week barely pver, out comes another decree, declaring ¿hat the dollar (is arrain worth 5s. currency. The poor souls stare in blank amazement, as they flock round ' the lamp-posts on which the Act of Meeting is exhibited; they cannot under- stand it, but concluding that " lamed'folk" know better than themselves, they contentedly reckon the dollar accordingly, and the report soon spreads from cottage to cottage, and from counter to counter that currency is once more settled upon its ancient footing. ly IV ut But this interval of rest is destined .to be as transient as the former. On Tuesday next, it seems, another Bull is to be thun- dered in their ears, enacting the dollar to be worth only 4s. 6d. currency, and 4s. ster- ling ; and there is no saying where or when, or in what, these meetings are to end. Meantime, confusion rages like a pestilence, casting it's sickly influence into every de- partment of trade. We do not wish to impute blame to any one, but we deeply deplore these clashing proceedings, and their chaotic consequences. They appear to us, not only the natural ef- fects of that currency phantom which has been so long playing its gambols in our mar- ket, safe only in the absence of the sun-beams of truth,-but, farther, as the type of those ruinous agitations which will ever desolate our trade until the spurious currency be altogether abolished. If, like India and America, we are to retain the dollar or rupee as our circulating medium, we ought, like them, to keep our accounts in dollars or rupees. This would be an intelligible mode of doing business, and would obviate the uncertainties inseparable from a currency of unfixed value ; for the fluctuations in the worth of the dollar would in that case operate no other way than in a rise or fall in die prices of goods, without affecting the denomination of the coin. But to circulate the dollar as so many shillings and pence especially if.it be to any considerable extent, and in conjunction with the royal specie of the realm- will always expose us to one of these two dilemmas :-its value must be either fixed or relative ; infixed, we shall, as usual, be dealing in fictions,-if relative, we shall be constantly altering, as the ships bring us advices of the rise or fall of bullion in the European markets. Some of our mercantile friends assure us that, though in theory our views are sound and good, the experience of trade is deci- dedly against them. To such experience we have no great pretensions, and therefore re- ceive their assurances with the utmost respect ; but as we cannot pin our faith to the sleeve of any man, or any body of men, we cannot relinquish our opinions till convinced of their erroneousness. " What can we reason but from what we know ?'?> As affecting the price of labour, the cur-, rency hubbub has certainly struck up a new and startling note. Labourers, in many in- stances, have combined to resist the commu- tation of their wages to their sterling amount, and insist upon the pound sterling in lieu of the pound currency. This is the natural re- sult of the rascally conduct of many of the petty dealers from whom the labouring classes purchase their supplies. The poor man, finding he cannot purchase a grain more of sugar, nor a leaf more of tea, nor an inch more of cloth, for his 5s. sterling than he lately purchased for a dollar, reasonably enough turns round to his master for re- dress ; and it is an extremely hard case that either the labourer should receive less, or the masterpay more-for what? forthe merepur pose of putting the money into the pockets of extortioners ! We can point out to masters, an easy method of tricking these uncon- scionable gentry in turn :-let them sell, out of their own stores, the weekly necessaries required by their labourers, charging only that reasonable price with which the shop- keeper ought to be satisfied. The trouble occasioned by such an expedient would no be of long continuance, for it would soon bring the dealers to their senses. Let the merchants and others try this " diamond cut diamond," and we will be answerable for its success. However much we may dislike the revival of the 5s. dollar, we heartily join in the re- sistance of a rise in wages. They are al- ready high enough in all reason, and indeed, as was pointed out in the Gazelle of this day week, much too high in proportion to the price of provisions. It would be well for the Chamber of Commerce to take into con- sideration the expediency of petitioning the Governor in Council to settle a rate of wages by law ; and, in our humble opinion, they would have rendered the country a much better service, if, instead of creating an illusory currency, they had thus applied to the legislature, and joined heart and hand in putting down the impositions of avari- cious shopkeepers. Since we wrote the foregoing article, we have received the advertisement of the com mitteee of dealers, indignantly repelling the charge of a breach of faith in neglecting to reduce their goods conformably to the Reso- lutions' of their Meeting. We are glad* to see this, for though we could hardly believe such menas Messrs. Appleton, Pearson, Melvill, &c.; capable of the dishonourable conduct imputed to them, it was painful even to hear such a rumour. This state of things is alarming, and we earnestly call upon every retail shopkeeper in town to consider the mischievous conse- quences which mustresult from their keeping up the prices of their goods. If they have a grain of honesty in their consciences-if they regard the peace and welfare of their country -if they have any value for their own cha- racter- nay, if they are not stupidly blind to their own interests, which are more deeply at stake than they imagine,-they will in- stantly, to a man, reduce the price of their goods from 15 to 20 per cent. This has been done by the more respectable members of their body, and ,it will be to the lasting disgrace of every one who does not follow the example. . *> A very sensible letter will be found amongst our eorrespodences, signed ' A Practical Man', pleading, in strong'arid en- ergetic terms, for the re- establishment of the dollar currency. When we see intelligent m3ii? of; long experience in the commercial affairs of the Colony,* aá we know this writer and * * t * to be, coming forward in ' a spirit so deeply earnest, it is enough to stagger one. But still, either we are so dull or the writers on the other side are so defec- tive, that we cannot see that connexion be- tween the 5s. dollar and the interests of trade for which they contend. They appear to us to confine themselves to assertion, instead of pointing out the why and the" wherefore, the how and the when. On our side, the onus of proof is very simple, viz. that the 5s. dollar is a fiction ; it is for them to prove the fact that the fiction is substantially useful, and to elucidate the manner in which that usefulness is effected. acl ne to' an tin Hi« ey< bo (lu in wa of ap| |>r< ti« Sill pa tiv int tin wli We have frequently adverted to the exer- tions made by the Chief Justice to simplify the forms of legal proceedings in this Co- lony, and have witnessed with pleasure the success with which the efforts already made by him have been crowned. The simplicity and accessibleness of law are among its most prominent recommendations ; and justice in order to become the universal heritage, should be cheap in its administration, prompt in its decisions, and as little vexatious as possible in its progress. We understand that an observation dropped from His Ho- nor, some time since, when on the Bench, which is worthy of particular notice, as it carries with it the authority of some of the most enlightened lawyers and statesmen of the present day: it was, that "no rational cause could be shewn why both plaintiff and defendant in a Civil suit should not be allowed to give testimony on the trial." Of the truth of this position no doubt can be entertained by any, except those whose in- terests, prejudices, and pursuits-whose' studies, -thoughts, and feelings-ave wholly wrapped up in the fictions, thechnicalities, and entanglements of the law as it exists. As the great instrument and arbiter of jus- tice, must be truth, no impediments should be thrown in the way of enquiry. The ex- amination of the suitors themselves is so efficient, so obvious a proceeding, that no- thing but the most determined purpose to exclude truth can have rejected this impor j tant means of judgment. If there be mis- representation, if there be falsehood, punish- ment should be applied ; but what would be said, in the daily concerns of life, if on instituting an enquiry, we refused to hear the parties concerned ? We are well assured, that if the squabbles which occupy British Courts of law were divested of all the mys- tifications and absurdities with which lawyer craft envelopes them-ii they were presented in an unsophisticated shape to the common sense of arbiters and juries-justice and human happiness would gain far more than lawyers would lose. Indeed the necessity for a reform- in law proceedings is univer- sally admitted; but much that has been said and written on the subject displays more of the power which can expose and destroy an old and tottering structure, than ot the philosophy which can introduce and erect a new and better judicial system. r. Whilst on the subject of legal reforms, we would again brierly revert to the much talked, of Insolvent Bill, with a view of recommending the undivided attention of the local legislature to a subject~in which the public interests are so much involved. The more we consider the question, the more we are convinced of the necessity for framing such a law as, whilst it protected the debtor from the exercise of unnecessary or unde- served severity, would still secure the creditor's just claims from infringement. Herein consists the difficulty-a difficulty, too, which precipitate or inconsiderate legis- lation is only calculated to increase. It is, without doubt, desirable that some provision for the relief of insolvent debtors should be mado ; but, at the same time, it is equally certain that mature and patient investigation should precede the adoption of all measures whereby the rights of proper ty are tobe ever so remotely affected. "As every suggestion on a subject which has undergone so much public discussion, may be important at the present moment, we subjoin a few of the provisions of the Insolvent Bill (9 Geo. IV. c. 73) lately brought into operation in India. By this statute it is enacted " that there shall be holden within the limits of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, separate courts for the relief of insolvent debtors, which shall be courts of record, and armed with, the powers of the Supreme Court, in so far as necessary, and under certain limitations ;. that a court shall be holden once a month, at least, throughout the year, and oftener if Jieed be, in Calcutta, and as often as may be found necessary in Madras and Bombay, by any one Judge of the Supreme Courts thereof respectively : parties aggrieved by any proceeding i > such court may petition the Supreme Court, whose order 6hall be final. Insolvents in possession of and delivering property to half the amount of their debts, may petition for relief without being in prisom Fiuee, for- feitures, recognizances, &c.; due to the King, are not to be deemed debts entitling a party to ;petition. If any person who, turder the new Bankrupt Act of the 6th Geo. IV. shall be deemed a trader, shall be arresied and lie in prison for twenty-one days, or shall depart from within the limits of the jurisdic- tion of the Supreme Court, in order to defeat or delay the said person's creditors, any creditor to whom the 6aid person may be indebted to a certain amount, may petition the Insolvent Debtor's Court of this piebi dency, which court, on the fact being proved, shall proceed in the same manner as if the debtor had petitioned, and shall adjudicate in like manner." St. Andrew's Day.-The list of toasts at St. Andrew's dinner published in our last was copied from the original draft ; the fol- lowing were subsequently introduced : " Mr. M'Leay and the Civil Officers of the Co l»n>." ?> , . " C .Innot Simdirrn« and Hip Officers of Hie Staff." ' " Mr. Laidley mid the Officer» of the Cominis tarhii.'* ' * \- »(Tlie,Vicfl Prpsidenl." - / - ' " The Stcwnrd>."' % 1 % " , J" , " The Archdeacon and tlicClergy." '* * * - Our attention has been called to several acts of most glaring impropriety committed in Syd- ney, which, on public grounds, it behoves[?] the Police to look well after. A number of New Zealanders are at present in town, and all who notice them as they pass along the streets, can bear testimony to their orderly peaceable conduct. We cannot, how- ever say as much for the behaviour of those who boast superior civilization. On several occasions the poor Islanders have been most wantonly assailed in the streets with stones and other missiles, in pure wantonness, until they were roused to such a pitch of fury, that the most fatal consequences might be apprehended, if their cowardly persecutors ap- proached near enough to incur that punishment they so richly deserved. The probable re- sult of acts like these are too obvious to call for particular notice. The Colonists carry on a lucra- tive trade with the New Zealanders ; it is their interest therefore to keep on friendly terms with them ; but when acts of wantonness, like those to which we have adverted, are committed on the few natives who visit us, and, as may be expected, are reported to their countrymen on their return, the most alarming consequences muy be apprehended from the exercise of the lex talionis whenever op portunity serves. Common prudence, therefore, ought to dictate a different line of conduct. But if prudence and propriety fail lo have their proper influence, we trust the Police will bear in mind that the New Zealanders, when in Sydney, are under the protection of the British law. Imputed Fraud.-In reference to a letter in last Saturday's Gazette, under the sighiiturn of " Fair rPlay" and toa paragraph in a previous number, imputing to some person an, ntleinpt.nl a fraudulent s- Ulement of the aft',ii>s of an ir % >1 vent, we find that the allusion is supposed to bojpomt-d at one of the most resperlable of our auctioneers, and that if so, it is a malicious slander. The transaction we advert lo occurred in a public meeting'of creditors, one of whom openly offered, on certain terras, of course advantageous to himself, to wind up the in solvent's affairs, and take sundry responsibilities upon himself. This proposal was considered fair ami reasonable, and whb accordingly acceded to. The auctioneer alluded to has been many years en- gaged in business, and the unpaisllelcd success he has met with shows the high sense entertained by - the public, of the spotless integrity of his character Mr. Galway's advertisement is -founded on a mistake The paragraph he alludes to did not come from ¡Mr. Bodknham. nor wns bein any way privy to its appearance. Both ihe advertisement mid the documents sent to us for explanat on, are so obscurely indited, that we can make neither head nor tail of the matter. Two I hines, however, are sufficiently plain, that ¡Mr. Galway is in error, and that Mr. Hodf.nham lins done nothing but whatis »< lawful and ri¿Ut." Extract from a private letter from London, dated 3Uth June-"Trade all through the king- dom is iu a most unprecedentedly deplorabld state ; no one seems to be able lu account for it. 1 sluuld think things rou'.t improve iu the autumn.", A new arrangement.-The department of Roads and Bridges is to be merged in that of the Surveyor General, who will be, in a larger sense than ever, what his title imports,-a general sur- veyor. Two new Surveyors of Roads and Bridges are coming out, to take place of Major Lockyer and Mr. Dulhunty. We cannot but regret the removal of these Gentlemen, as they have acquired so thorough a knowledge of their extensive duties, and exhibited so much energy and skill in their ex- ecution, that we have no hope of the change being for the better. Houses.-One of our principal " country Gentlemen" lins between 5J and 61) fine blood-horses ready to ship for Imiia as soon as he can effect the policy of insurance. This trade promises to be of great importance to the Colony, South African College.-The Prospec- tus of this institution, which we feared had been lost, has come to light again, and will he published in our next number. Editors are very liable to pUy the pranks of ChthterfieliPs Absent Man, their hi.viu« being generally " a wool-gathering :" this pamphlet, tor instance, we had lent Ki a friend fur a iLiv's pe- rusal, and next morning, after hunting high mid low. we gave it up for lost, and had to »rita apologies to its owner ! Court of Requests.-The Commissioner of the Court of Requests, Mr. Therry, held a sitting of the Court for the first time at Parramatta, on Tuesday. The Court sat from half past ten to seven o'clock in the evening, -during which time one hundred and thirty cases of small debts were disposed of by the Commissioner. Bread Contracts.-In our front page appears a Commissariat advertisement, call- ing for tenders for the supply of bread for the use of H. M. troops, transport and Colonial vessels, and Convict establishments in Sydney, for the ensuing quarter. In the 'present state of the corn market, this will awaken a 1iot competition. ' ? . ~~ Odo Fellows.-An advertisement an- nounces the projected institution of "A Lodge of Odd Fellows." ' One should think it would be no difficult matter to carry such a scheme into effect, for in New South Wales there are odd fellows in abundance ; but the oddest of the odd are those dealers who oddly demand five of His Majesty's shillings for a dollar's worth of goods, thereby placing the odds fearfully against tlie poor labourer, who is reduced to the odd necessity of striking for an advance of wages, which, in the present state of the country, and with so cheap a rate of pro- visions, would'bs one of the oddest of the oddities ever exliibitad. in this odd country. On. Tuesday the Corporation of Clergy and School lands held their Quarterly Court, and on the following day was held a general meeting of the excellent Society for Pro- moting Christian knowledge. A number of prisoners were drafted on Tuesday from the gaol, to be distributed 'in the various iron gangs throughout the inte- rior, pursuant to their respective sentences. The Mary Elizabeth, which sails in a few days for Port Macquarie, conveys a number of invalid prisoners of the Crown to that setdement, and also a quantity of sheep. ' The various public department?, we un- derstand, are busied in preparing estimates of stores for the ensuing year, to be transmitted home for the information of the Secretary or Sr ate for the Colonies. . Part of the stone work at the south end of the new Custom-house has given way within these few days, and is now being taken down in order to be rebuilt. - The Australian Bank notes still continue to make their appearance. A man named ; Cureton was brought before tlíé Police yes- terday, charged with passing one of the old notes for £5 to a dealer named Dick, in York-street, by whom it was afterwards handed over in change to Mr. Pi ter Quig ley, of Market-street, neither of the parties having taken notice that it was one of the old plate till it was discovered at the Custom- house, Nvhen presented by Quigley, with others, in payment of duties, 