RATE OF COLONIAL INTERET. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, Now that the dollar question is happily settled and the storm subsided, except one or two distant murmurs, the Chamber of Commerce would put a finishing stroke to their united good policy if they would call a meeting to consider the rate of Colonial in- terest, and suggesting an Act of Council to fix six per cent., as the legal interest in New South Wales. Such an Act would redound to the credit of our young but ac- tive Council—give a great fillip to trade— promote the consumption of all sorts of commodities, and increase the revenue 25 per cent. All idle hands would find em- ployment, and fresh spirits imparted to many a drooping, hard working settler, and nobody would be injured but Jews and usurers. As a moderate rate of interest is the last criterion of a nation's wealth and prosperity, so is the especial province of the Government of a young Colony to encourage it ; and it never can be done so easily or so opportunely as at the present moment. Such an Act would be better than an Insol- vent Bill ! Your's, O. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, I was much surprised to observe in a late Monitor a candid statement of ignorance, which, as it is so unusual in that Journal, may lead us to hope that it is a symptom of returning reason in the Editor. He has never before, to my knowledge, confessed himself guilty of, or even subject to, ignorance or error, and the stern stuff of which his assertions are made, be they true or false, cannot but lead one to suppose, that he claims the merit of imposing upon himself as well as others. The statement I refer to regards the services of the Brigade Major, Colonel Snodgrass. The Moni- tor says, " we did not know till the other day, that the Brigade Major had distinguished himself in the Peninsula, and particularly at the siege of St. Se- bastian." Proh Pudor ! We, the Monitor—we, the self constituted monopolist of Australian litera- ture and politics—we, the best public instructor of Colonial youth, did not know till the other day, what has been known to all the world for nearly one sixth of a century. " 'Tis passing strange—'tis pitiful—'tis wond'rous pitiful." I know not where the Monitor gleaned his in- formation, but sure I am, that the man who exhibits such ignorance is not to be trusted in other matters, and should, by his own confession, have a very tender reeling towards the ignorance of his neighbours. It is quite preposterous to publish to the world, that " Colonel Snodgrass distinguished himself in the "Peninsula," as a fact hid from his countrymen, till the Monitor, through some kind friend, made it known. It is a clear proof that the Editor never read that prince of periodicals, Blackwood's Maga- zine, price only 2s. 6d., nor the interesting account of the siege of St. Sebastian, in the Subaltern, price only 7s. In both we have a most vivid description of Colonel Snodgrass's prowess, in swimming the river at night, mounting on his hands and knees the ruined walls of the city, taking a precise view of the effects of the cannonading, and the practicability of the breach, and then returning to the British camp with such information as induced the English General to storm the place. The account of this event is a most pleasing specimen of graphic military description, and does honour to the subject of it, as well as to Mr. Gleig, son of Dr. Gleig, a Scots Epis- copal Bishop (Colonel Snodgrass being son of a Scots Presbyterian Minister), who is the author of it, and was present at the scene he describes. It is said in the Monitor also, that Colonel Snod- grass is a C. B., and this is given with such fuss, as if it were really news indeed. The Editor will be more surprised, when he is told that Colonel Snod- grass enjoys the well merited distinction of wearing a cross, that at St. Sebastian he commanded the 13th regiment of Portuguese Infantry, that at the battles of Nivelle, Nive, Orthes, &c.; he com- manded the 1st Cacadores, and that his brother distinguished himself greatly in the Burmese war, and has given to the world the only satisfactory account of the military operations of that severe campaign. But as the Monitor is ignorant of things of general notoriety, we will give him a little more informa- tion on this subject, that he may not be taken aback by any unforeseen circumstances. He may remember that about a year ago, he hailed with triumphant shouts, the appointment of a new Gover- nor for New South Wales. The person spoken of was General M'Kenzie, uncle of the Brigade Major. The Monitor has also declared, with a bitterness that deserves infinite contempt, that his Journal shall be at peace with the next Government. Such a declaration is the symptom, not of an honest de- sire of truth to instruct the community, but of per- sonal hostility that will not admit there is any merit in our present public officers, or of an inveterate ob- stinacy that will not acknowledge an error. It is the unequivocal token of a weak head, or a bad heart. We advise the Monitor therefore to keep upon this tack. It is hard to say how far he may ingratiate himself in the favour of a future admini- stration, from his extensive knowledge regarding the Brigade Major's pretensions to distinction. General M'Kenzie may patronise him as a useful ally in history, and biography ; the tide may turn. He knows he has committed himself against his superiors, and has no loop hole to get out by. He will not die like a farthing rush-light : he must be entreated to give up the ghost, before he quits his hostility. Unfortunately for him, however, there is no truth whatever in the statement, about the General. That worthy gentleman, a few months ago, was quietly enjoying himself amongst the groves, vistas, and vines of Italy and France, quite insensible of the Monitor's merits, and regard- less of the means he was employing to forestall the market of private and public opinion, by his shal- low devices. As we are upon this subject, it may perhaps be news to the Monitor to tell him, what he has either never found out, or never published, that our highly respected Governor is entitled to wear a medal for distinguished services, in that fatiguing campaign, that ended in the battle of Corunna, when Sir John Moore was killed, and the French were defeated. General Darling commanded the 51st regiment of foot, or King's Own Light Infantry. lt may be news to the Monitor also, that the copies of the capitulations entered into in 1799 or 1800, with some of the conquered West India Islands are cer- tified by General Darling ; we could say much more on this subject, but delicacy on account of time, place, and person, forbids us. If this best pubic instructor, therefore, has ac- knowledged himself altogether ignorant of facts that now constitute history, may not his rhodomontades against other public officers partake of the same character ? If a man were inclined to wade through filth, there is not a Monitor newspaper that would not furnish him materials to work upon in convicting the Editor of the grossest ignorance and credulity. The needle, however, is not hid in a bushel of chaff, but in a comport of litter. It is a most fatiguing duty to search for it, and after you find it, you have only a needle without an eye, or a point, for your pains. Let the Monitor beware, therefore, of his professions. Let him indulge in declamation, and he is secure. Let him come to specific points, and there are many in the Colony who can detect his gross errors, much better than, yours, PETER POUNDER. Pounder Hall, Botany Bay, Nov 1829. 