LITERATURE. Descent of the Danube, from Ratisbon to Vienna, during the Autumn of 1827. With Anecdotes and Recollections, Historical and Legandary. By J. R. Pluche. Tuts is an agreeable, light-hearted book; full of pleasant legends and rambling descriptions— landscapes of sunshine and marvellous anecdotes. "You have often scribbled successfully for the stage," said a friend to Mr. Planche, "why should you fear to write for the passage-boat ?" We say so too. Inferior writers have attempted higher themes, and we see no reason why Mr. Planche should not make his bow before the audience in a new character. Certainly he wants grasp of mind to write a book of travels but this is not a book of travels, it is a book of pictures, and he wants experience and knowledge to draw out the essential attributes of character, and to map the peculiarities of the countries he has visited -- but this is not a work of observation ; it is rather the pocket book of a lively playwright, who looks upon the whole world as one vast stage, mid seizes upon every incident dent that is with a true dramatic feeling. He groups the peasantry with a scenic pencil, as if he were iirrángin.; it clio ti« to ter minute an mt in mi o poa; ho invokes the spirits of a snperirti'.ioits treed as if they weie^ ' to a8ce'ntl ihr Ugh a trap-door ; he sketches old castles, and rivets, mid mountains, that his ( bniactfis may ho sin rounded by romaii , tie associations ; und he narrate* his adv ' tures n the langinge of genteel e.oiiotny. Í We peruse Mr. PLANCH u's volume, there - ; fore,without indulging onJct ifcal asperity; . it contains nothing to awaken toni'iieul, and inueli to dissipate the ennui of a su nniei's eveirng. Let him speak for hints If, and we promise that he shall eutei tain his: e.ders us well as h¿ has of.in amused his audience. '1 he following is the iniiaculous legend of the mountain of Marii-Tnferl, wheie there stand» a church which is a ** celebraied place of pilgrimage." It is needless to in qitiifi how or where Mr. Planche obtained the ma tennis erher for this or the other ghost stories in his book. The precious dociunenl sels forth willi stating the well-known fact of lite existence, from lime imme- morial, of a venerable oak-tree «n tho top of tho inoutitnin, in wliieh «sas placed u liguro of the cru- cified Redeemer. To lins spot Ibu inhabitants of Kleui-l'rclilurii, a small villujft in the neig hbutirliooil, IIH.'.I lo lep.iir «very linster Munday lo put up their I entions lui- a fine harvest, unit, after healing; the icriiee cbuuiitrd, sat donn ni a stone luble before I he church-door, mid at», drunk, end ««ere merry ; from ««henee uros« the. itnuio ol' iWnria-Tafeil, or Alary uf the Table. In I(>02, a huntsman, cither from ignorance or wantonness, itlteiupied to lie.« dunn the sue ntl tree, on »shiel) age hail already heavily laid ¡in \«¡llieriiij* and iiefniniiug haiitl. Al ibu li i si blow, Inn«ever, the n\c recoiled so violeiniy , thal it sprung, from his grasp, mid «\ouml. d one of his feel sevr-iely. Uuchci-ked by thi» «stn uing, hon ever, he uinde a second bin««, »henil ii-_r¡«iti recoil, d «lilli »tilt imite vi .leuce, anti ileisperalrly' ««minded his other fool. The profane her.¡sitian, tin«v luting np his eyrs in titjony, obsprvetl the crue lix, und slruck «volt rémoise, caved parilon of Omi for his impiety ; upon which the blood «lopped of ¡is o«vn ttceord, i" titi hit v« minds healed immediately, ««it li- mit surgical or Any lui mr II ¡issislauce ! l'eu ye.iis after this tuiracitl.iiis uecttrteiice, ti mau named Alex- ander Sol inu.igel, «tho »II(IVred ni'def a deep anti diilietsii.H; niel..uclioly, uliicli In- cutild no1 shake t d', came, by Heaven dimond, lo the house of a school. iiinsiir, »/in hail in hi» chamber an iiua.ro of the Vir- gin, failed u Ves| erhilil. Schulung. I bungin ' llie ¡UMge mid ernie.I it home. In Hie middle of llie night, ho heard " n Hill «mull voice," saying, " îVuuldst Iii.>u lie cured, take lite nuage and place it ia llie oak al M.iriu-Tnfcrl." Aei'ordiugly al day- break, up rose Altxander, nut! proceded «vi I h his pinchase lo the uitiiiiituiii-lup, when- he placpd ti II» directed, Inking dot«n at the a,uno Um') ibu eineills, ««hieb tige innl cxp.ifiuiu lu the «viailier had nearly dei>li*yi-d. iinincduitcly his melaiicli»ly left bim, and Iii: relumed In.mc a merry, »ntl, t«e hope, ti gi.ileful man. Since that periud the ¡inglis lli.-in s. Ives have frequently visited the sacred spot. On Hie l?tIt of .lune, 1G5S, a most ere.lihle (cn dillons ?) persona;;« sa«» a snow ««bite und liiiuin.itis uppnn tinn, in mid- day, hefoie the holy effigy. In ¡tíJ!), thiec.persons, equally ««nilit) of belief, su«« a whole itoop of ¡nie,. I', in«« hile gutments, and in proces- sional order, on their «vay to the Versperhild. ÄHo- llier lime, ««ben fotty people «vere colieeted Ingénier in its neiglihuuilimul, tiiree of them sn«v au att^-eliciil pruceswion in the air, and three briyht stars of re- mark ilile rnagiiiluilc iiiinieilialely ah ive the figuie. Again, a procession uf «thite-clothcil personages «»a» « seen by eie,ht or lea peuple, the leading uppuriliuji bein ¡uga red cross-; mid slmrlly after«« aids a «vax taper «vas siitldi-uly'olisei v. d hnriiiiig hffure the Ves verbild. lu 10(51, many other- angehcul pluulóuis «vere seen hy sometimes thirty, and tinco by a bun- dled people al a time, all of I hem must respectable and credible witnesses, ivha¡.e lesliinonies were ic ijistered, sign« d ami s «vor ti tu before the cjttipeleiit uulliorities ] t , ; As a specimen of Mr. Plauche's descrip- tive power-, or rather of the chatcter of his ta>te, we select the; following account of the ruin of JDur.ensleiti, the p isJnof Richard Cour de Lion. As llie valley «arrow», Hie rock» rise higher and higher, and tlie wild scenety u( the Schiiugeu is for the last time lepeuietl. 'Ibis savage glen has long been coisidetcd foi llie ueiittnitry of llie iiichbain huod as the h.iuiit of «vilchi-8 ¡fin) evil «pint»; and ii lion t lliii ty years agn ti poor lillie old \v nu in, ««ho ««as feeding her goal upon one uf these pr. cipices, ««us ahs.lulely shot willi a glass bullet, for a wetter-, hexe (ivéaihi'r-«ti!c!i), a vi.ileitl ihumler-sturin which hud unf.iiiiiii.tlily.arisen being " charged to her nc viiitnl," bj the superstitious innrksitinii. On «merging ' ft oin ibis gauge- pie cr.n«uing glory of llie romuittc . .scene-the tiiagn'fieeiit illili nf Dnrieuslejn p-e>enls .itself on ¡is stupendous rork. Language camml do' justice in the sublimity <>'f this vie«v, wliicli tiii[>ltt I ( ttvsk the ui.ilèil pot'cil» of u Claude ,und a Sulvatir Rosa. Independently of its beauty and grandeur, what recollections could crowd upon the mind, as the splendid picture downs upon the sight—Richard Cœur de de Lion! Six hundred years have past, and the name is still a spellword to conjure upon all the brightest and noblest visions of the age of chi- valry. What glorious phantoms rise at the sound! Saladin—the great, the valiant, the generous Saladin, again wheels at the head of his cavalry—Frederick Barbarossa, the conqueror of Iconium—the brave but politic Phillip of France—the gallant but unfor- tunate Marquis of Montferrat. The whole host of red-cross warriors—the knights of the Temple and St. John—start again into existence from their graves in the Syrian Deserts, and their tombs in Christian Europe, where still their recumbent effigies grasp the sword in stone. The lion-hearted Plantagenet once more flourishes with a giants strength; the tremendous battle-axe, whereon "were twenty pounds of steel," around the nodding broom-plant in his cylindrical helmet, while his implicable foe, Leopold of Austria, leans forward on his azure shield; his surcoat of cloth of silver "dabbled in Blood," that terrible token of his valour at Prolemais, which is to this day the blazon of his ancient house, yonder walls have echoed to the clank of the fetters with which his unknightly vengeance loaded Richard of England—to the Minstrel-moan of "the Lord of Oh and No," and (or who can coldly pause to separate such romantic facts from the ro- mance they have inspired) to the lay of the faithful Blondel, which, wafted by the pitying winds to his Royal master's ear, soothed his captivity, and bright- ened his hopes of freedom. Many are the castles on the banks of the Danube pointed out to the traveller as the prison of Cœur de Lion. Aggstein, which we have not long passed, Griefenstein, which we are approaching, both assert a similar claim to our interest, our veneration; and it has been not impro- bably conjectured, that Richard was in turn the resident of each, being secretly removed from for- tress to fortress, by his subtle and malignant captor, in order to baffle the researches of his friends and followers. Notwithstanding this dispute, Dürren- stein has, by general consent, and long tradition, been established as the principal place of his con- finement; and no one who, with that impression, has gazed upon its majestic ruins, would thank the sceptic who should endeavour to disturb his belief. They stand upon a colossal rock, which, rising from a promontory picturesquely terminated by the little town of Dürrenstein, is singularly ribbed from top to bottom by a rugged mass of granite indented like a saw. On each side of this natural barrier, a strip of low wall, with small towers at equal distances, straggles down the rock, which, thus divided, is here and there cut towards its base into cross terraces planted with vines, and in the ruder parts left bare, or parched with lichens and shrubs of various de- scriptions. On its naked and conical crest, as though a piece of the craig itself, rises the keep of the castle, square, with four square towers at its angles, and not unlike the fine ruin at Rochester. The following is a characteristic specimen of the author's manner of mingled descrip- tion, tradition, and observation. The view down the two rivers (the lad and the Danube) from the point of their confluence, is, as I have already mentioned, in my opinion, far more beautiful, though not so extraordinary as that ob- tained from the heights above them. Standing in the stern of the boat, and looking back on the too rapidly disappearing scene, on our right arose the long walls and round towers of Oberhans, upon a range of pre- cipices richly hung with wood, and full four hundred fathoms high; on our left stood the Maria-Hilf-berg, crowned with its church, and the house of the Inn- stadt picturesquely grouped at its foot—in the centre, the town of Passan, forming a salient angle upon a plane of water, nearly two thousand feet in width, and standing like an island between two of the noblest rivers in Germany. The time allowed us to contem- plate this lovely scene, was as brief as the enjoyment was exquisite. The Danube, reinforced by the waves of the Inn and the Ilz, rushes, with redoubled speed round a rocky cape, and presto! your boat is gliding between banks so savage and solitary, that you can scarcely believe some necromantic spell has not transported you, in the twinkling of an eye, thousands of miles from that "peopled city," the hu of which still lingers in your ear. In its ec- centric course, the river now forms itsels, as it were, into a chain of beautiful lakes, each apparently shut in on all sides by precipitous hills, clothed with black first that grow down to the very water's edge, while from amongst them there peeps out, here and there, one of the little Swiss-looking cottages I have before montioned, with perhaps a rustic bridge thrown across a small cleft or chasm, through which a mountain rivulet falls like a silver thread into the flood below. On doubling one of the abrupt points which produce this lake-like appearance, we come suddenly upon the chateau of Krempenstein, or Grampenlstein, perched on a mass of rock, jutting out from a firclad precipice, that rises majestically behind it. It belonged, for nearly four hundred years, to the bishops of Passau, who, in conformity with the general practice of the time, levied contri- butions upon the passing vessels, translating the awkward term of robbery into the more legal epithet of toll. The peasantry and schiffers in the neigh- bourhood call it the Schneider-Schlossel, and tell a story of some poor tailor who, in flinging a dead goat into the river from the walls of the building, fell over with it and was drowned, a circumstance which they think exceedingly comical. The age of the building, and the terrific beauty of its situation, deserve a more interesting tradition. On truning another sharp corner—forgive, gentle reader, the unnautical expression, for I know of none other that will so well describe the acute angels that present themselves at almost every thousand yards upon this extraordinary river—you perceive Lürnwang, or Birchenwang, with its mill; and in the distance, on the left bank, the small market town of Hafner or Oberzell. Little would a traveller imagine, on looking at this un- pretending town, that its manufactures have been from time immemorial, eagerly sought throughout the civilised world—that, from the banks of the Ganges to the Gulph of Mexico, from St Petersburg to Peru, there are no articles of commerce more ge- nerally circulated and esteemed than those which are fabricated in this sequestered nook by the hands of a few German potters. The famous scrucibles, known by the name of Isper or Passauer-Tiegel, are all made at Hafner-zell. About three hundred persons are constantly employed in this manufacture: but as the towns of Passau end Ips are of greater conse- consequence in the map, their names have been con- nected with the ware; and the goldsmith and che- mist, while reaping the benefit of its industry, are ig- norant probably of the existence of such a place an Hafner-zell. There are also here manufactories of black-lead pencils, and a particular sort of black earthenware, the materials for both of which are found in the neighbourhood, which is rich in mineral and other productions, worthy the attention of the geologist and natural historian. Not far from Hafner-zell, on the right bank, stands the chateau of Fichtenstein, on the summit of a stu- pendous hill, clothed, like the rest of its giant bre- thren, with forests of pine and fir. A modern man- sion is near it; and at the foot of the hill are a few poor cottages, with a little church, the spire of which is just visible above the trees. Fichtenstein be- longed anciently to the Counts of Wassernurg, ano- ther race of knightly plunderers. Conrad, Count of Wasserbury and Fichtenstein, on quitting Ger- many for the Holy Land, pledged this strong hold to Ulric Bishop of Passau, in 1828, who advanced a con- siderable sum of money on the extra condition that the castle should be forfeited entirely if the Count did not return from Palestine. Conrad, however, did return, and, dying soon afterwards, left his castle to his lady. Bishop Gebhard, the successor of Ulric, immediately set up some claim to the property, and declares war against the Countess. He was defeated, however, and taken prisoner by a gallant knight, upon which, he proceeded to excommunicate the whole party. The spiritual weapon had considerably more effect than the temporal, and the unfortunate countess was obliged to surrender her castle to the bishopric of Passau, A. D. 1226. Further on, a rock rises out of the middle of the river, and upon it stands a small building like a centry box. It is called the Jocheastein; and from the arms of the town of Passau and those of the empire being cut on the sides of it, is generally considered by the Schif- fers, the Granze, or boundary stone between Bava- ria and Austria. Schulles, however, denies this, and tells us, that the real Gränze is the old tower of Ried, upon a rock facing Engehard's-zell. Be this as it may, we considered ourselves, upon the faith of our steersman, entering the Austin dominions as we passed the rock; and, accordingly, drank three bumbers of excellent Stein-wine to their imperial and royal majesties of Austria, Bavaria, and Eng- land, with the sincere wish that no mistaken policy might disturb the friendship now happily existing between the three nations, or the general peace and prosperity of Europe. We soon came in sight of Engelhard's-zell, where the Austrian custom-house is established; and opposite to which rises the old tower already mentioned, upon the end of a long fir- clad hill. Nothing is known of the ancient history of this little ruin; which, according to the peasantry of the neighbourhood, was reduced to its present state by the Swedes. And now having done our duty to Mr. Planche, we commend him to as pleasant a voyage down the tide of popularity as he experienced in descending the waters of the Danube. 