HALL v. ROSSI ESQ. AND OTHER MAGISTRATES.- Supreme Court, Wednesdaey. Present the three ,Judgea. MR. KEITH rose and informed the Court, that Mr. Wentworth could not attend in the case of E. S. Hall v. Justices Rossi, ui nn,. Wolston craft, and IBrotne Esqrs, but that he attended in li u, to hear their Honors' decision, Hiis Honor the Cluma JvsTrucs then sta ted, that himself and learned Coadjutors had .naturely considered the case of Hall t. Rossi Evq. and other Magistrates, and were unanimous in their opinion, that the rule should mot be granted. And as His Hlonor Mr. Justice Dowling had had the I goodness to commit to paper their opini-.. ons, he would read the same. Mr. Justice Dowling thenmLdi'f the grounds on which the rult was ireused. The Court, he observed, on a former occasion,' had decided, that the conviction of E. S. Hall in the.case of Tyler could 'not be held in law..' It was now for the Court to decide on the merits of the application for a criminal information against the Magistrates 'who had presided on that occasion. The Court deeply lamented the necessity of their openly discussing the measures, which,had been adopted by the Magistrates, but at the same time would not shrink from its du:y. The conviction was alleged to have proceeded from motives of corruption and malice on the part of the Magistrates; they were also charged with having treated the de cision of this court with contempt. Their Honors had kept distictly in view the al legation of malice in the Conviction of Mr. Hall ; the charge of contempt was a matter for the Court itself to take cogni sance of. The Magistrates in the execu tion of the duties of their office, if they .conscientiously performed that duty, were protected by the laws of the land, but, if they wilfully acted in opposition to the laws they would be punished for their offence. It was requisite that a distinct case should be made out of malice in their proceedings; and the Court was of opi nion that this had not been so fully done in the present case, as to warrant their granting the rule. In taking cognizance of the ease at all, the 1Ma'gintrates had un. doubtedly overstepped their jurisdiction, and in deciding upon it, they had treated the dlecision of the Court :with contempt. It must have been manifest to them, that there was, a claim of. property set up, which was beyond their jurisdiction. This was distictly laid down in BJurn's Justice, ybigh authority the Court must suppose they.were.acqusainted with. It ras stated, that not objection had been taken to the power ;of the Magistrates to act in this case'; but the defendant 'Hall in his affi davit stated, that he appeared hefore the Magistrates in person, and most distinctly informid them, that they would exceedl " their Jurisdiction in taking cognizance of it ; . and the Bench if they had paid the slightest attention to the true nature of the late decision must have been aware of it. It was distinctly stated in Hall's affidavit, that they were informed by him, that a decision had been given by that Court in a case parallel with his ; yet one of the Magistrates had tront. so far as to say, his law was as good as that of the. Judges. This indeed was con tradicted by the affidavits of one of the a Magistrates, and the Magistrates had also affirmed5 that they had only required a more formal opinioti from the judges for t heir t guidance. Now the Solicitor General upon a e former occasion'(that of New) had in- a treated the Court to take the 9th Clause t of the Act into its mature and solemn con sideration, and deliver its opinion on the 'extent of such clause. In consequence, t the Court did do so; and after the most i deliberate investigation it decided, that , the Governor had NOT the powe'i"'to re- a yoke assignments of Convicts, except un- G der special circumstances. His Honor , the Chief Justice upon that occasion, deli- . vered his opinion very publickly in that t ('ourt; and that decision was promulga ted and made known, and became in fact very notorious. As stated in the affidavit of a Mr. Hall, is had been canyased (very un-", ceremoniously) in the Sydney Gacette, and therefore could not possibly have been un known. to the Magistrates. It had been stated, that the conviction of the Defen dant Hall had taken place for mere form's sake, to arrive at the true ar.d final deci-" sion of the Court already given. But there was no necesity to have proceeded to such lengths as they done, without asking advice at the hands of the Crown oficers.* There was a degree of obloquy in the pro ceeding. The Court however thought, that there was not on the whole suffilient proof of personal malice to authorize it to grast 'the rule; bint -they would only dis charge the rule upon the Magistrates paying the costs of- the proceedings. It bad been' stated, that the Magistrates had allowed themselves to be guided by a gentleman in a highly responsible situca Lion. The court couid not find any co lour for., such a strange assertiori. All which the affidavit Mr. Hall stated was, that he was informed, and verily believed, that they were" ordered to assemble by Mr. M'Leay,"' &c.; andthe Court was sorry to find, that the allegation 4ad not been contra. dicted; which might have been done in the affidavits if It had been false, Having disposed ofthis part of the proceedings, the Court felt it its duty to offer a few re-t marks on the alleged contemipt of the C Magistrates to a solemn decision of that Court.. It had been pressed on the Court, that it ought .to file a Criminal Ioforina tion, or direct an attachment against the Magistrates for contempt of its decision. In the present instance, the Court flattered itself, that no disrespect would acerue to it, from this dereliction of duty in the Ma gistrates. The Gentlemen had in their I affidavits made every concession in their I power to appease the Court ; neverthe less, it was quite impossible to pass over their conduct in this case of Mr. Hall, in silence. If the matter had been, as a matter . of difftticulty, brought before the Court, it would have given them credit for disciction. I The Supreme Court of New South Wiles I was erected into a Court of record; w'ITr .run 5Ainn rowa? As rua CounTS or ENO LAND A NJOY ; and the conduct of the Magistrates, however unintentional on their part, certainly conduced to bring the Court into public disesteem. Whenever the Judges were called upon for a decision on a point of importance, they 'gave the deepest attention to the matter laid before them. Therefore the Court could not sufecr its digfuity to be impugned by such decis; ions being canvased by any one. The Ma gistrates had urged themselves, however, by their oath, from impure motives5 and the Court did not feel inclined on the pre sent occasion to visit them for their in-. discretion. . The Court trusted this exam plewould be useful; and secure to it that': respect and deference, which ought and must be paid to its decisions. ('rhe learned Judge concluded by quoting the 23rd. Bection of the late Act of Parliarent, which . commands all governors, Magistrates, and all others without respect of persons, to obey the dicisions and mandtlates of tihe Supreme Court.) Po??on OrFc..--Monday. 'Patrick Rooney, a runaway from a road party was ibrought up to defend himself. Pa trick eaid, that he liald sup:losed himself free, and bad come to Sydney for the pur poise of getting his certificrate c~,f freedom ; but upon finding out his mistake, he had delivered hiioasclf up to the Chief Con. *table. IIe further stated in extenuation of his fault, that he had been five years in the Colony; that he never during thei time-had an angry word with his masters;i that he been recommended strongly for a ticket-of-leave, which he was entitled to a year ago by the Government'sown regula tions; and that now after his good service he Was lingering in a road party. He therefore thought the delay must be dc casiooed by the negligence of the clerks, for he was certain that as a loyal mani, the Governor if he knew of his case would: grant him one. Captain Rossi said, lihe was sorry he could not interfere in his case; it appeared by the memorandum from the Colonial Secretary's Office, that he was not free until the ensuing month of March; and therefore he must be re turned tol'his gang; but.advised him to *(Note Jy'the Editor, Mr. Sampson senl Mr. i'err t'o adlse t/,em to dlo uwhat lhey did do.) petloon His Esoellency e Governor for a ticket. Samuel Solomons, appeared to answer the charge of having a Watc'h in' his poR session which he had purchased from oane Gentleman,. who had taken it from ano ther Gentleman in the presence of a third Gentleman. The principal witness in thiscase was a Mr. Bailey, who being in possession of all the circumstances of the case, proceeded to recite the history of the .peregrint?&ions; of Mr. Cole's watch. Mr. Bailey, Mr. Cole, ind Mr. Allerton, resided together in the most perfect har mdsy at' the house of Mr. Alwyn, of George Street. On Tuesday the 23rd In stant, the three Gentlemen were in a room, and Mr. Allerton was paying his devoirs at the shrine of Adonis, making out the dcficiencies of his own wardrobe from that of Mr. Cole; and among other necessaries to support the character of Dandy on that evening, Mr. Cole's watch, with append ages, was deposited'in the fob of Aller ton, in the presence of the owner. Thus .eqfupt, Mr. Allerton's general appearance was so much improved, that'his most in timate aqua:ntance hardly recognized him ; indeed so great was the alteration, that it called forth front Mr. Baily, bursts of admiration; to wit; " You're doing it up brown to night !" Mr. Cole indeed was of opinion that the watch could be well spared by Allerton, without very considerably de teriorating from his newly assumed cha racter of first-rate swell; but this motion was o ril~led by Allerton, who; wishing adieu loblafrinds, departed to the scene of festi it'cand ganllantry, namely, Mr. Solomons"Shades, to enjoy a r'bber at Billiards. Here it was, that Mr. Aller ton, in open defiance of good breeding, sold to the :pnsuspecting Mr. Solomons the fatal watch, to d13ibharge his score, and to enable hlim to personate his assumed aharacter with more spirit. And here clso was it, that Mr. Cole, Mr. Bailey, and Mr. Alwyn, (upon hearing where the watch rested) discovered the ticking ab sentcee, the bona fide property of Solo mons, who shewed his receipt for the cash paid. Solomons however, generously of fered to give up the watchl, upon the Gentleman paying him the sum he had given for it ; which, was something under the real value; but unluckily, no money could be procured to release it. Mr. Cole became outragetiis." and even- was rude enough to fetch Jilks, and to have Solo neon's watch and appendages alle taken into vile custody. Allerton bad in the mean time prudently dleeamped r?rtd was no where td be found; and the Bench con 'sidering the' case" very cnrefully, released: Solomon, .but. held th.: watch &e.; ini durance vile, until Mr. Allerton could be discovered. Sundry Joint-Stock cases were before the Court, and l 'few 'five-shilling poor case.s, to swell the' coffezs of Mr. Ilill's Be nevolent fund.' Hot-cross Buns on other days besides Good Friday.-AFTER DINNER on Wednesday last, a Magistratre who does not live a hundred miles from the Chamber of Commerce, was seen without his hat, with enraged counte nance, with dishevelled hair, and armed with a gig-whip, chasing and flogging a drunken black or blacks up the street. It came to pass that an elderly female who appeared also to have dined, accosted the worthy Justice, and said something, which, though most peaceably spoken, ill suited with the state of the nervous system of the said assaulter of the blacks, and worshipful breaker of the public peace. He discovered by the smell of her breath, and the articulation of her speech, that the old lady had, equally with himself, dined. He accordingly vociferated for con stables, in the name of our Sovereign Lord the King. His words were magical ; for a pair of Knights of the broomstick immediately darted through the earth, as ghosts appear through the trap doors of Drury Lane and Sadler's Wells. The old lady was dragged to the watchhouse by the order of the bare- headed Justice, but after losing her shawl, and having her clothes torn with resistance, she submit ted, and declared her willingness to walk peaceably to the said watch-house. There she was of course immured for the night, with out fire or blankets; and no doubt next day, unless she paid the crowon levied for Mr. Hill's Benevolent Society, she was doubtless moun ted some six feet in the market place, with her feet placed through a board to keep them warm. Quere.-Who broke the peace on this notable and extraordinary occasion-the woman or the Justice? and who, consequently, most deserved to be put in the stocks ? The Jus tice was one of the four Worships who re ceived a reproof from the Supreme Court the morning of the same day for contempt; and for an illegal decision in the case of Rex v. Hall in the matter of Peter Tyler. This re proof, together with a good dinner, was the occasion perhaps of the worthy Justices' flog ging the blacks bare-headed, and incarcerating the poor old woman. We are paaned to find Mr. M'Leay was so much annoyed at our brother's notice of his very ekeellent butter. We too have taken to enting' It, and we must say, that of Mr. M'Leay's offlice wvere conducted as well as his dairy, we and the ptiblic: woivd not needl to grudge him either his liberal pension, his handsome salary, or his still handoernr grants reserves and leases of Crown harnld. But good as is our Seeretary's butter, it is surpassed by the veal of His *,******,, Learning, that Mr. **'* had a fine calf to kill, which the worthy butcher informed us was of *e*le* ai*** own breed and rearing, we and our brother were determlined to regale. ourselves with a loin of the sanse, soused with plenty of the Secretary's maelted butter bssides a etuffiug from the parsley of the. Governtrment garden, cultivated as it is by the Kiung's ser vants'and we being Ilis iMjesty's state pri s,tr¶rs ; not forgetting to drink to the two illi?mtrious founders of our little feast, in a .glass of Col. Dumaresq's choicece french wine, sold respectively bIy Mr. Savage and Mr. Justice Browne some time ago. The temporary chapel is finished, so as to admit our Roman Catholic irethren hearing mass performed in that very comfortable placo by Mr. Therry. It is crowded every Sunday. The music is excellent, the leader of the choir (a Mr. Gavanagh, lately arrived from Ireland) having uedertakvn to conduct it for twelmonthe. 