Vw. proceed 'to canvass the remainder of the Parliamentary papers laid before the public, by the editor of the Ot1lcial Journal. ENCLOSURE, No. 1. GENERAL ORDER. flead Qeartera, Sydney, 22nd Nov, 1826 " 1. The Lieutenant-General regrets it ans become his duty to expose to the indignation of the troops., two soldiers, who' have committed an offence under circumstances which leave little doubt, thnt'tbeir object wvas to obtain their discharge from the service. S. Privates Joseph Sudds and Patrickl Thompson, of the 57th regiment, have been convicted of a robbery in the town of Sydney, committed in open day, and without even an attempt to conceal the fact, and have been sentenced to be transported to a penal settlement for a period of seven years. 3\. The Lieutenant-General, in virtue of the power with which he is vested as Governor-in Chief, has thought fit to commute the sentence, and to dirert. that privates Joseph Sudds and Patrick Thompnash shall be worked in chains, on the public roads, for the periqd of their sentence, after which they will rejoin their corps. 4\. The garrison has been assembled to witness the degradation of these men, from the honourable station of soldiers, to that of felons doomed to labour in chains. 5\. It is ordered, that the prisoners be immediately stripped of their uniform in presence of the troops, and be dressed in felon's. clthing; that they be put in chains, and delivered in charge to tWe overseers of the " chain gangs," in order to their being removed to the interior, and worked on the mountain roads, being drummed, as rogues, out of the garrison. 6\. The Lieutenant-General considers it unnecessary to enlarge upon the disgraceful conduct of these indi viduals. The ignominious condition in which they are now exhibited to their former comrades, is the best commentary on their proceedings ; and the'total failure of their scheme, will furnish a lesson, should it be necessary, to warn others against any similar attempt. 7\. In thus drawing the attention of the garrison to the fate of these men, the Lieutenant-General is in duced tn advert to the cases of John Carney and Pa trick Hogan, ofl the 57th regiment, who were lately found guilty of a robbery at Emu Plains, and have been sent to work on the roads ; in order that soldiers who wantonly sacrifice their character, may not de ceive themselves by a groundless hope of eseaping punishment. 8\. In order to render the example still more -complete, the Lieutenant-General feels it necessary to refer to the case of the two men of the 57th, who maimed thems Ires some time since, with the inten of obtaining their discharge. These also have faile in their endeavour, and by this time will be enab ead to judge, whether there is any thing in the employment of a scavenger, in a remote and insulated settlement, allotted for the confinement of the most atrocious criminals, which can recompense them for the irreparable injury they have inflicted on themselves, and the diabolical offence they have wan tonly committed. 9\. The Lieutenant. General desires it may be dis tinctly understood, that pay as a soldier, is held to be incomnpatible with the condition of a fe?ln; soldiers thus situated are not allowed pay, for the period they are absent from their corps. They in like manner forfeit all claims to pension. 10\. The 57th will congratulate itself on the remo val, though only for a time, of these men from the corps. It is to be hoped, that by the disgrace they have now undergone, and the punishment which awaits them (seven years exile in chains), they wnay be dis pnas~l to atone for the injurious effects of their con dnuct. 11\. The above Order to be forwarded to the several detachments, atnd to be read to the men at three successive parades, that every one may he aware of the ignowny which attends delinquents of the character of`Sudd' and Thompson. (signed) H. GlILMAN. ]rigad 3 Major." THE third paragraph is a very singular one. If the GiOernmor had consulted his law advisers, he would not have called his changing of the sentence, a tomimutation. For to work in an iron. collat on the roads of the Colony, is a se verer punishment, thain transportation to a penal Settlement; where well- behaved men are sure of being made overseres, or constables, or clerks, for want of free or freed men to fill these otlices. (For tbhere is, it seems, no state of society, how ever low or dlegra'led, but merit must of ne cessºt be b:tovmant.) BUT if theioovernor had consulted his law ad viiers, he would have ascertained, that this being the irst offence of the soldiers, (whether in the Colony or elsewhere.) they ought neither to have Ieen sent to a penal settlement, nor yet to the iron.gangs of the Colony ; but assigned to some free Settler, the same as Convicts are when just landed from England. And wve accordinlgly hold, that according to our Colonial law, as well as. the analogy of English Law, Edward* alias Lookare, was illlegally banished to Norfolk Is land; and that on the same readiug of laVw, I'Ptri'k 'Thompson is now illegally banished to Maorton Bay. And we cannot but wonder. no Barrister has ever moved for a writ of Ilabeaa C'opuas to bring up Thompson, that the unlawful' ness of hij eile miiht be argued, and so the question set at rest for ever. T'he tenli paragrapih, in its style, appears to us marked with great severity of language and temper.; Besiles t he drumming out andlthe being dressed in felons' clothing, with ah iron collar about their necks, the men were to be worked in chains seven years in an Iron gang, and then returned to the Regiment. To return to the Regimtnent after being drummed ont, appears to us unjust and illegal. Hiad the men been in cenaiaries, or common cut-throats, the punish ment here awarded them was aihnost severe enough, "The atonement" mentioned, 6ein" forced, we consider it a laysdis lingue of the Gene ral. TIt next parliamentary document published by the Official Journal,is the following. ENCLOSURE No. 2. TO THE EDITOP.R' OF THE AUSTRALIAN, £oloiIal Secretary's O~fcLe, De. 1, 182fi. 1\. " Szn,-As you appear to have been misled by the statemsnt which was sent to your paper respecting S.id; s, the sroldirr of the 57th, who died on Sat-rdt?, last, I atn indlred to put you in possession of the fart I of the cass, in order to correct any errorep Ons impression which may have been tmade by that s tatemer nt. 2\. It appear by the Surgeon's report that Sudd. after receiving senterLee of transportation, " applied,' on the l Ith of Novemlber.efor medical ansistahce, :an;i was i. consequence received into the rtel hbspita?l; where he remained under tretraert until the 16thl,. when he was discharged, apnarently well." 3\. Instead of being transported, it was directed that he should work on the roads in ctanins, it being cor.ceived, that the example would be .useful iaU venting other soldiers from nmaking ax similar attempt? to obtain their dischar?e from the service. To sho: th:tt this punishmenut is considered a mitigation of the sentence, when substituted for transportation,; it is only nec.s.s try to state, that applications from thbe prisoners for such comn,?atiovs are very numrous , and are constz?tly received after. sentence of trans-'.4 portstion has been ;gassed on them. 4\. On Wednesday the 22d, Sudds was marched'. from the goal (not being on the sick-list at the time)j to the barracks, where, between eleven and twele o'clock, the chains were put on him, and bhbeas ea: back to the gaol. 5\. If you have any desire to examine the chains yo . are at liberty to-do so ; they are now at my office, and are the counterpart of those put on T2'hompson; the , weigh exactly l 31lbs. 12os. ; and it will be seen from? their censtructiun, that they are not " of such a in'. tore and form, as to prevent a man from extending hit;. body, and from lying on his back, belly, or side, when he would endeavour to sleep. 6\. Your informant states, that at the time the chains were put on him, " he was so ill as to be scarcely able to stand." You add. that you understand he " became so ill on Saturday, that the surgeon ordered the instru ments which tortured him to be removed." Both these statements are incorrect. I have airea ly shown, from the surgeon's'report, that he was not ill when the chains were put upon him on Wednesday the 22nd and his subsequent ilness took place, on the 24th (Friday), when he again reported himself sick, and was-forthwith admitted a second time into the gaoi'i. hospital. On admission, the ,irons in which he was ' confined were immediately removed. 7\. As the object of every honest journal is to inform,. and not to mislead the public, you will, I have no doubt, in justice to the Government, insert this letter.in your next paper. 1 am Sir, your most obedient servant, (signed) ALEXANDER A'LEAY." THrii the third paragraph of this letter is rather uncandid. No convict transported to Port Macquarie, Moreton Bay, or even to the fell island of Gomorrah, would, we feel confident, i p,,",itiou to work out their sentence of seven or tourteen years transportation, on our Blue Mountain Rtoads, in such irons as were put upon ,. uadds and Trhomson. Not to reiterate there ; mark, that fur the first offence, though formal,? sentence of "transportation" be passed in -so many words, assigrnmenttis the legt! punishmeat. • for the first' offence, not banisbrent; (Ak~igq. ' ment is a kind of domestic slavery.) Tima fifth paragraph is true:as to Sudds, but, not as to Thompson. The chains suspended from; Sudds's iron collar were long ertugt ; but those suspended from Thompson's were not so. He could not stand upright in them. This induced him finally to break them ; arid then Sudds's suit (Sudds being then dead) were put on Thompson, which fitted him better. But why were not the men measured before the cuaiis were made? Such carelessness is unpardonable, seeing the painful results it led to. The iron collar, would prevent any man from sleeping, unless in very robust health. TI E sixth paragraph is grounded on the ract, that Sudds was not on the Gaol sick-list on the 22nd., the day of the fatal ceremony or execu. tion. But tll who saw Sudds, knew he was ill, and very ill too, and was indeed scarcely able to stand. It is also incorrect to say "lie became ill on Friday ;" and this shows that great negligence towards these unhappy men rests somewhere; for Sudds reeled to and fro when he returned from the ceremony or execution. And the same night, as we have beefore related, he was expected to give up the ghost. It was also incorrect to state, that on admission into the Hospital on the day after 'the ceremony, " the irons in which he was confined were in- -. mediately removed." The slow fearful sort of humanity of the under-Jailors, induced 'them to move the dying man out of his ward at 8 o'Clock next morning, butthe. Surgeon did not arrive titl noon ; and during the interval of.eight hours, neitlher the Turnkeys, nor' 'Thomson, $ur geon's attendant, dare remove the 0fficial:ehains,. 'They distinctly say so. TIm next Parliamentary paper is the follow. ing. ENCLOSURE, No. 3. Estract from Act No. 5 of the Legislative Council, dated 16tlh Augusi, 1826. " And be it further enacted, that it shall be law " ful for the said Governor, or Acting Governor, by " anorder in writing, registered in'the office of the "Secretary of the said Colony, to withdraw any per "s' on or persons, now or hereafter to be transported " or sent to any penal settlement or place as afore " said, and to employ him, her, or them either in " irons on the public roads or works, or in the ordi " nary service of the Crown ; or to assign him, her " or them, to se.ttlers or others, to be dealt with in " all rcspect3 as if he, shr, or they, were under sea "tence of transportation from England." Yks certainly. Because this order adds not, but deducts fromn the punishmennt of offendlers. What is mentioned here, is a real comanmtutation. But it would to a singular practical interpretation oqf? , h?i., Order in Council, if the Governor were to I.kt a coSvict just disembarked from England, :h nd all n indulgence or commutation, send hln " for his senltence, (s.?ven years ; fuorten years; or for life;) to work in irons on the " public roads or works ?" 4ENCLoseIs, No. 4. Lerport on the case of Joseph Sudde, late a prisoner ind the Sydney! Gaol. 1\. The above-nan*,d prisoner applied, on 11th N?~ovember, for inedic4l aseist?nce, and was in conse quen?e received into the gaol hospital, where he re moained under treatment until the 16th, when he was Sdischirged apparently well. .:2. On the 24th of the same monthhe again reported himself sick, and n as forthwith admitted a second .time icto the gaol hospital ; on admission, the irons in which he was confined were removied inmmediately land medicine administered. He refused .ustenance of every kind, except a little tea; and in talking to hits of his disgrace, he declared he nrl.'r would work in irons, and wished himsteif out of the world. 1indirg hbim in a state cf deliriu:n on the 2;th instant, he was i, was reinoved to the general hospital, where he S:rically became worse, and expired the followirg 'norning* 3\. After a minute dissextion of the body, no apparent "* 'isidi was founid to exist to account for his immnediate deald`.t"". , . The only deviation that could be perceived, was a 'i.premature enlargement of the liver, although that organ wrP. in other respects healthy. (signed) JAMES MACINTTYEE. 'To the Hon. Alexander M'Leay, Colonial Secretary, &c.; &c.; &c.;" , W by no means accuse Mr. Ml'Intyre of wilfu? ? eis.statement. But had he enquired more parti c eularlv, he would have found, that Sudds nad been "... emovecd from his tward on the 24th four hours d' before he arrived, and it was four hoers more be :I fore the chains were taken offhimn. "Mr. M'Tntyre here explicitly declares, "after a minute dissection of the body. no apparent cause "A .wirs found to exist to account for his immediate death." We are led therefore to the conclusion, , that Sudds died of it broken heart; from a i,;-tense of unprecedented, and illegal degra :' odation and torment, however, incorrect his ideas on the subject might be, judging' as he did es-.psrte. No. II. . o of 4 Despatch addressed to Earl Ifthurst' y Lieut-Geniavl DarlinHg, dated 12th Decem i, er 1826 :--''ithout If,aclosure. NEW SOUTH WALES. 1 " :'(Separate) Go?.rnment-house, 12th Dec. 1526. 1\. "' My Lord,-Conceiving. it would be satisfactory i, to His M~jesty's Government to have authentic in "'iornmaticn of every circumstance connected with the death of private Joseph Sudda of 57th regiment, ',.whih event I had the honor to report to your Lord ?' hib in my despatch of the 4th instant, marl;el 4 ?:'?r?ate ;" judged it advisable to bring the mat • -ter wu3r ,considcration of the Executive Council, "i ordei tbht it might be fully and minutely investiga ,te, 2\. lheo Council sat two days, and examined the ,,persons employed in the ,iol-hospital who had an *' opportunityof seeing Sud4ls during his confinement. Your Lordship will perceive by the minute of Council, which I have the honor to enclose, that Sudd's death, canr in no respect be attributed to the proceedings S, which took place. The circumstances of the case are briefly as follows; viz. 3\. Sudds was unwell from the time of his havirg bean sent to gaol. He was swollen, and stated he i: ad formerly suffered from drolpy. 4\. He became ill about fourteen days after. Tie w was sent into the hospital on this occasion ; dischar ged from it, and afterwards tried. 5\. He again became ill, and was treated by the ?lsurgeon from the 11th to the 16th November, but not Safter on that occasion. G. He marched to the barracks on the 22d, when t+ the chains (weighing 13lcs. 12oz.) were put on him, S'and he returned to the gao)l. ' 7. On the following day, the 23d, he was reported Sto be ill, and the chains were consequently removed. At 8. Tlie chains were put on a man of1Sudds's size and :J stature in presence of the Council, an it was proved . by. actual experimen', that Sudds could n t have sus t..~ hined any injury fromn them 8' 9.|It cannot be disputed, that the mode ofconducting Sthe gao-lhospital has. been extremely defective and '. reprehensible. i 10. The statement of Thompson, the hospital atten Sdant, who was remarkably collected, is clear and cir c, *umatanltial; to the tr.uthl of which he has made oath. Tibte?aids?. in the hospital, and has the immediate care 'of thepatients ; and is the person who prepares and -1,'adminlstei's the nmedlcines. It will be seen, tbhat he differs aloo3t in every particular from Mr. M'lntyre, A_ the assistant surgeon. :*' 11. I have only to add, that no report was made by .Mr. .Bowman, the principal surgeon, or his assistant, 'of the illnes of Sudds; consequently the \ Government Shad no reason to suppose he was unwell; nor does it indeed appear, that the surgconconsidered him to be so isU he hadL notseen him for five days previous to the 422nd of November, when the ceremony of putting on a the chains took place. iA 12. Being satisfied from what has now occurred, tblhrt the condub.t of the hospital requires investigation, si? shall immediately appoint a Board to inquire into the .??ani~ement and system of the hospital generally, in AtL LLto its being placed on a proper footiug; and 1 Sl'tlrUha'e the honor of communicating the result for . yar Lordship's information. ' wit ' I have the honor to be .. with the utmost deference and respect, ·,. " -your Lordship's most obedient and most humble servant, ' o ERALPH DARLINO. Its igs on.the arlBatbuxat, EL (.1 incc c. &. 