CAPE TOWN, i1IAY 16. 18o0. I had as lief they would pat Ratebane In my Mouth, as offer to stop it with--S?eURrrv. Slhahspeare. The 60th Ordinance is said to be inten ded for all the Crown Colonies; we may therefore expect their sympathy and as sistance in trying to get south of its provi sions softened orepungcd. It was drawn out in Downing-street, we believe, by some 't l'ersn\ or Persons unknown," who thought in their wisdom that the Act pas sed in the 35th year of the late King, was too tender towards literary men. It left too much Liberty to the Subject, it seems, and permitted persons not known-such inferior people as Sir Walter Scott, for instance, or M~. Addisoa, had to .ben alive,-to addlrso th'."? counttrycui in 'rir:t, :at ?Lt, t rset twearitg on the Gos pel'a as to their trne names and places of abo.!e, or without giving Security not to blaspjhetne. lThe good taste, correct feel ing, and gentlemanly forbearance of the Parliament were satisfied with ordering, that the names of the Printer atd Pu'.b lisher, and two of the Proprietors, should privately be matde known to the Corm 'missioners of Stamps, and that the nameF of the Printer anti Publisher should appear in sume part of each'copy. The writer of the "' Ordinance" directs that the Editor, Prin ter and Publisher, and all the Proprictor., shall make oaths, give securities, and have their names exposed to the public gaze in 'every copy ! The severity of the punishment also imarks the temper in whioh "the Ordinance" ha. been written. Not satibfied with the penalties sanctioned by the Law, the Or diinance destroys at one blow the whole property and future prospects of any Edi tor, P'riuter, Publisher,'or Proprietor, con victed of publishing what tmay tend to bring the Government into contempt ! No room is left for repentance or amend ment. - Fine and imprisonment, confisca tion.and banishment, are too gentle in their operation. For a single slip, the In dividual must suiter to the end of his days ! A mark is set upon him that no time can remove. Ile is stripped of the common' rights of ,a British subject, or rather of a human being, for ever. What must a Jury of honest men feel on returning a verdict of Guilty, when the consequences are so awful ) This is more like a decree of the Star Chamber than the act of a British Government. There is no principle better known than the inefficiency of vindictive punishnfients we mean their ineficeiency for good pur poses. They break down the natural dis tinction of crimes. They both provoke offences, and, ,in the end, shield the offender. Modetate punishments, agree ably to the Moral Sentiments of mankind, can be invariably inflicted, and keep men in temper as well as in awe. A Libel, tend&ug; .t bring the Government of a Cdlomhy into comtempt-while that Go vernment is worthy of all honor-cannot be very prejudicial. Mankind are not entirely without brains. 'heir contempt, we believe, would be more apt to fidall upon the writer in such a ease. But how can a Jury be asked to deliver such a simple ton over to a punishment fitted only for the greatest criminals? .On the other hand.' when the Goternment fallsinto error, and persceered in it i when, .instead of sheeriutg its sheep, ?t flats sthe?n alive, nil thr writers in the wvtld shall not save it from contempt• And The sooner t it miad, sensible of the existing contempt, the sooner shall it recover the love and re. verence of its subjects. Nothing in fact tends so much to bring either Government or Individualdsinto contempt, as the nmani. festation of Anger, and the fear of invisi. ble enemies-ot' persons or things not known. Children and nurses are afraid of' spirits.only in the dark, but every man of sense agrees with Mr. Locke, thata ghost can equally.well show itself in open day or in the face of twenty candles as in the dark. There is no security against evil spirits like courage and integrity. Men who have a good conscience and sound dig. estion, are very seldom troubled by •them.Jt is remarkable, also, and to our purpose, that in ancient times, when such spirits were everywhere persecuted and condemned to .the Red Sea, or wedged into oallow trees, they showed their sense of such cruelties in every way open to them, and became the plagues and pests -of daily life. When a milder system came into repute, they feel asleep, or retired to regions beyond the limits of true history. It was the same with Witches. Solong as they were burned in tar-barrels, or cast bound into ponds, no man's cattle were safe from them. Every hamlet had its, sorceress, who threw children into flis, dried up the milk of' cows, and impeded the process of making butter. But when savage laws fell into disuse, the old women grahdually withdrew from all ali. ances offensive or defensive with the Arch' tnelnny. And now that one of the great. c.t Law Authorities in modern times has given it as his opinion, that though Witch.. 'craft is true in general, it is false in ever7 particular instance, we meet with very few people indeed who are really be. witched. Now, could not something of this gentleness be tried with the Press I Are Authors. o much worse than Devils or Witches, that all benevolence would be wasted upon theml Are they to be tamned only by gyves and the mill i They are not necessarily worse than other men ? Fewer authors, we believe, areto be found in the criminal Calendar than Las.. yers, Physicians, or even Divines. They are met with in prisons, no doubt, but seldom for any greater crinu than Poverty. They are not ungrateful. No Government ever uses them well, without being amply repaid-not in praise only, but by the Improvement of the Community both us men and as subjects. Bad authors there have been ; but, like evil spirity they are best combated by neglect. Nothing has ever happened in this Colony to give a colour for such harshness. There hu been no printed Blasphemy, Sedition, or tiy thing tending to bring the Government-into danger. If any people ever deserved a com. pliment from the Colonial M?inister more than others, it is due to the inhabitants of the Cape. They are the most quiet, peaceable, and un. grumbling race of mortals that ever psid I'axes. It is difficult to get them even to siga a Petition. Any idea of reviling, far less of resisting authority, never entered their heads., The writer of" the Ordinance" and the Minister, that sanctioned it, could not possibly have had the Cape itn their eye; and' will doubtlen, when the thing is properly explained to them, revoke these galling and unnecessary precas. tions. Is the reader aware vhat ceremonies' t[ writer of this article has had to perfutih be. fore he was at libeirty to present it to himt Ije had to eappear before the officer next in i~nk to the (Governor, and taking up the Holy .arangeliats, to' maike oath and swear-ltk That he Is Editor of this Paper. 2d. Thathe in a Proprietor of the same. 3d. That ano. ther person is also a Proprietor. 4th. Thats certain person described is solo Printer and l'ublisher. . 6th. That such a person reside. at a certain place. 6th. T'hat he himself it. sides at a certain place t-and this oath anut' be renewed when he changes his lodginpgs lIe had then to proceed to a Judge of the S.u preme Court, and enter into a recognizzanoe with two sureties-to the amount of six hun. dred pounds in all, that he shall pay all fines inflicted upon him for Blasphemy. e 'has then to cause his name, profession, property; and place of abhode to be truly described sa somne part of e:very number of this paper II The Colonial Chaplain preached an excel. lent sermon last Sundayv against the multi li' cation of oaths; and Solosmon himself waorns il prudent people against the dangers of Sure. tyship. The Ordinance is a curious prac. sleal comment on such texts. Either it;cr they should be altered. Before concluding, vwe take the.. liberty o0 retur'ing our respectful thanks and.warmeef acknowleldgements to thlose Gcntlenuenwho have done us the honor to become our ?te*. curitica. We were not put to the pain' otso. liciting this fsovor,-five gentlemen havinj frankly, unsolicited, by us, tome forward imnmediately after the appearsnce of the Ordi. nonce and relicvcd us ?romn so unpleasant a task-a suficiently clear proof of the eeiti· nments entertained by the Community on this occasion. We subjoin their letter, which does honor to the Colony., "Capo Town, 11 IMay 1829. 0' to lIiessrs. John Pairbalrn, Editor, sand 'George Greig, Publisher of the South dAfi! can Commercial Advertiser: Gentlemen,-Observing that by the proviions of Ordinance No. 60, respecting the press in this Colony, yolt are both bound to find securities In the amount of Three hundred Pounds, we beg leave to offer oulrselves Jlointly as your Sureties to Government, in compliance with the lawr aSU? dedto, and are, Gentlemen, . Your most obedient servat5s," tHere folose tke Slgksaures.] a' H'hen 0a LADY's in the Case, what csilr be done 7" (Old play )-We are soirrj· t6 learn, that another disturbance has occurred seaong the t'oldiers this week, which, if it had not been for the respect they had for their Colonsel, might lave terminated in violence, alarm, andi iasuarreetion. Thie bread given the troops, is not ccording to what is their due by the regula. tions of the army. Tlhis Government has been more distinguihed for buying and bak. ang, and issuing inferior meat and bread, thi any which preceded it. It is singulhr, "that when the last disturbance took place habduni bad bread, measures were not taken to prevent a recurrence of these duangerous military tar. moUds? Why not change the baker.? ,BI cause Mr. SavnaeO is the everlhstig csud ,,ractor for the Commissariat, is that any rqa .:na why the brea:l.coatractor for the troopy' triocver to be clh?ante. " 