The Selector. A CHAPTER OF BULLS. I confess it is what the English call a bull, in the expression, though the sense be manifest enough. — POPE. WE are friends to the exposition of ths weak sides of great men, inasmuch as it reads them a valuable lesson on their own infallibility, and tends to lower the mole-hills of conceit that are raised in the world as stumbling-blocks along every road of petty ambition. It would, however, be but a sorry tail for the most cynical critic to illustrate these vagaries otherwise than so many slips and trippings of the tongue and pen, to which all men are liable in their unguarded moments— from Homer to Anacreon Moore, or Demosthenes to Mr. Brougham. Our course is rather that of a good-humoured exposé, the worst effect of which will be to raise a laugh at the expense of poor humanity, or a merited smile at our own dullness and mistaken sense of the ridiculous. First, of the ancient Poets, who make departed spirits know things past and to come, yet ignorant of things present. Agamemnon foretells what should happen to Ulysses, yet igorantly inquires what is become of his own son. Tho ghosts are afraid of swords in Homer, yet Sibylla tolls Æneas in Virgil, that the then habit of spirits was beyond the force of weapons. The spirits put off their malice with their bodies ; and Cæsar and Pompey accord in Latin hell ; yet Ajax in Homer, endures not a conference with Ulysses. In Painting alone we have a rich harvest. Burgoyne in his travels notices a painting in Spain, where Abraham is preparing to shoot Isaac with a pistol ! There is a painting at Windsor, of Antonio Ver rio, in which he has introduced himself, Sir Godfrey Kneller, and Bap. May, surveyor of the works, in long periwigs, as spectators of Christ healing the sick. In the Luxemburg is a picture of Reubens, in which are the queen-mother in council, with two cardinals, and Mercury ! Thore may be1, also, a adrt of anachronism Of the limbs, an in the case of the painter of Toledo, who »painted the story of the three wifcc min of the east -cpTniúg to worship, and bringing their presents lo our Lord, upon his birth, at Bethlehem, whence he presents them as titree Arabian or Indian king« ; two of them are white, and one of them black ; hut, unhappily» >whah he drew the latter part Of thora kneeling, which, to bo sure, was done after their face», their leg« being necessarily a little intermixed, lie made three Black feet for the negro king, and hut iheee white feet for the two white king« ; and yet never discovered the mistake tilt the piece was presented to the king, and hung up in the great church There was, also, in the Houghton Hall collection, Velvet Brughel's Adoration of the Magi, in which were a multitude of figures, all finished with the greatest Dutch exactness ; in fact, the ideas are rather a little too Dutch, for the Ethiopian king is dressed in a surplice, With boots and spurs, and brings, for a present, a gold model of a modern ship. The monks of a certain monastry at Messina, exhibited, with great triumph, a letter written by the Virgin Mary with her own hand. Unluckily for them, this was not, as It easily might have been, written on the ancient papyrus, but on paper made of rags. On some occasion, a visitor, to whom this was shown, observed, with affected solemnity, that the letter involved also a miracle, for the paper on which it was written was not in existence till several hundred years after the mother of our Lord had ascended into heaven. In the Church of St. Zacharia, at Venice, is the picture of a Virgin and Child, whom an angel is entertaining with an air on the violin. Jean Belin was the artist, in 1500. So, also, in the college library of Aberdeen, to a very neat Dutch missal, are appended elegant paintings on the margin, of the angels appearing to the shepherds, with one of the men playing on the bagpipes. There 'tsa'picturc in a church at Bruges that puts 'riot only all chronology, but all else, out of counte- nance. It ia tho marriage of Jesus Chirst with Saint -Catherine of Sienna. But who marne« them ? St. ?Dominic, tho patron of the church. 'Who joins their hands? Why, the Virgin Mary. 'Atitf to crown the anachronism, King David plays tho harp at the wed .ding ! Albert Durer represented an angel in a flouaccd ityéttícoat, driving Adam mid Eve front-Paradise. Lewis Cigoli painted a picture of the Girouracision of the Hely Child, Jesus, and drew the high priest Si neon, with spectacles on his nose ; upon a supposi- tion, probably, that, in respect of his great age, that'aid Would be tiecinsary. 'SpecfftCles, however, .were not known for fourteen centuiiesafterwards. in a piçture.paiatcd by F. Chello della Puera, the "Tirgin Maty is placed .on a velvet sofa, playing with a cat and a paroquet, anil about to help herself to -cifJeeTrom an engraved côffee-pot. Tn another, painted by Peter of Cdrtona, repre -eenting the reconciliation of Jacob and Laban (uow in the French Museum), the painter has represented ? jttcepla-or' belfry rising over the trees. A belfry in "trie mountains of Mesopotamia, io lb» time of Jacob 1 ÍN. »Poussin*« celebrated picture, at the same placa, of Rebecca* at the Well, has the whole bark-ground deecrated'with Grecian architecture. Paul Verenose placed Benedictine fathers and Swiss soldiers arabug'His paintings Trois the Old Tes. lament. A painter, intending to describe the miracle of the üsljef fastening -to fife preaching of St. Anthony of '?^iatfa/palnteU the lobsters,'v/hb were stretching out 'tif the water, reif; probably having never seen «hiern'in their natural state. Being asked how he could juatify'thisanarhtonibtn, he extricated himself by observing, that {ho wholo affair was a miracle mail« still greater. lb *tKe notices des MSS.-du Roi VI. 120, io the illltaaftfttiotis of « manuscript 'Bible at Paris, under tbe Psalm»-, are two'persons playing at cards; and "under Job and the Projinets are coats ot arras aud a windmill. Poussin, iu his picture of the Deluge, has painted 'fcoäte'tift 'then. iWhw'd. St. Jerome, in another fNace, with a «Jockby his side; a thing unknown io that faint's dayv^jVowr rcDcfcrtr, 