THE SYDNEY .MONITOR1 SATURDAY AFTERNOON, NOi 14; 1829. The following is an 'xtract from last Zaturday's Gazette, " A Correspondent addresses to us the fol. -lowing observations ;- . . " There never tacs a period since His Excel lency came to theQolony, when so mniny native s.oinh; outh's have applied for sniall grants. Th'lare is quite a ferment amongst them, and all.are satis fietheir applications will be successful. One, thing in favour of-i:he measure is, that nut one ofi these young men can marry till a small girnt is giveri,' after which we are positive mniny marriages -wili take place.: We (!) can positively asftrm, thai iiC Colbnial youths never were so elevated wnth liopes; of recci'ing 50 o .60 acres. -If they are thrown down from hope, ive (!) can also say, great will be ' Thlt is a subdect" .(comments the Editor) 7' of {no littl inmportance, and has for some thiime occupied' the attention of our Govern. .ment, though not exactly in the- form in :-'whicb it-is presented: by our Correspondent. <; ?So6n .mdnths..ago, -we arguced on tlhe expe . diecy:ofgrants' of land being given to young -.women on -their. marriaRe. and proposed fa r public .discussion, sundry propositions re lative to the quantities to be given respectively S"'to the several classes 6f society: the conditions .ef the tenure; and other m'atters incidental to -the.arrangement. We are much surprised that the questionr has drawn eso small a share of 'public notice, for we cuantot Iut thiink it of .the deepest.interest.to the cuountry. It is, we iknow, the anxious wish of the Government, to Lold ouit a fostering hand to the native youth, and, the only question is, in what form the en S.euragement can be most effiectually. S"'ea:ures are in progress Which will, we are persuaded, give very general satisfaction.' S. So then, after. four-years matchless go "vernment, .aftci 'the. present dynisty his r'uiLt to give,up the ghost,- thb Oficial Journau is directed to announce, that the nu live-born. settlers, :who are of age, ought to, and shall have, some? fifty acres of their na S-tve soil, as ~ellais the Dutnaresq's, -'e Ho :,i'pourable Berry's, the Mc'Leay's, theMiss. c M'Leay's,the Harrington's, the Stewart's, ,the Wolstonecraft's, the liely's, the Jnes's, Stha Anley's, the; Brigade Major Gillnans, hie Soldier-Dotor" Gibson's,, - and oiher Civil and '.Soldier relativcs' and friends, .Civil and- Religious, of .the - court -and £-tb Family. .Bots how is it Unuit.- " Hi: xcellency.. pleasure'. on, this .subject \- should bhave been four lonig years coming S'to maturity? O, it- it Sir-'George .Mur ' 'pa plea.i.re,' -rather'than His Excel . lency':t 'We -suspect. the latter..- ' oud S' aid bitter outcries of: the? way in which' .t. eCrowr' .Lands have .been alienated, rpached Dawning Street the spring of last year; for thle'last twelve-months they avb e been re-iteratedd -every ship ,that ?,?iled. Therefore, we"shrewdly guess, (as ':onqtti6in says,) that the above piecelof `. a4iting flummery, . about 'f' the dnxi ua "· 'wish of the Government to hold a fos ':' e ?iring hand to. the native youth," S otnea rather .late in' the day., Why not. have. expresiied these, ",anxious wishes' BSeifor Ire HIow is it, these ~ anxious S.wishes have. been' :oly '?fclt.nil along ; ,tovards the ?proprietors '?df Elizabeth ,. teman's " asy,. Wind-mill hill, -:,?'~ooloonii -Bsyr Manning': liver, Man .ign River Island nooks:and corners;. who ::r' ;aºarhiefly. civil or obldier 6~iers tvithlarge jef :s,'laries (which salaries by 'tio bye have ..: 'lately in effect been doubled,' since the in-, . .e, mes of the Settlers and Graziers, owing to othe depreciated priceof tliheir beef, mitton ":.nd h wool, have been reducel to one half.) 11vow is it" anxious wishes"': about giving :Alway land, have for four long years been m:~ ipressed only townrdo the ihastgers-on at .,:iovernsment-houee, and to colonial and n n der ,ccrretarieaand Ikriadc- nlujora,and to *r.pinsters, and to brides, and ,to' Iououra 'bles, and to the Stalffl,' and to relations of Wholi. Family," asuch as we have puxnerated above ? Wbhilo the Mil!cr Gordon'R, and-thbe ' ahellyc a nd olhelr Emigranjs,- twhose.narnes :,-.. dare not to mention, lest we should ruinl tiAike'e by ro dotng, are iOW. 'at this mo ,'aet -eek g for lind all. dver:tho teri. Irpy, and cannot get an acre within 150 miles of Sydney) If the River Manning were really intended have been opened, why tell the secret to the Damareaqs, the Jones's; the Icely's, and other Address get- ltersapiddd' rtss'apieres,??ud thereby; secureale the " tight little islands" there and then, and all the tit-bits the Emigrants in the mean time wandering about like gipsies in Argyle, Illawarra, and Jerry's Plains, seeking rest, but finding none ? 'Why not.have cut thr-anxiety and miseryof these poor broken-hearted wanderers short, and saved their purses, by letting them into the grand secret, before our rich mer- chants; and richer Aids-de- camp, and still richer Colonial Treasurers, were allowed to chalk on the maps' . We still trust in God', justice, -that Sir Geore-e Murray will .be minoved to demahd a igid-list of valithe'deecript and.non-de. script alienations of land made by this Government ; not merely pof,4tl.bona fin~e Sgrunts arid purchaise. ; but of all pion isesr a'iif' chali?cDs-ni-h.:niap ; anod;' abore" all, of SRESEtLVYES ! We want'dearly'to let Sir George- Murra; ee. all the gfood thing;' that were in abeyance, and 'which, but for that infamous brazen trumpet, The SSydne.rI Monitor, 'which llis Excellency Shas publicly' and officially assured the Colonists,,'! is not countenanced by, any ' man of character or common respecta bility," werc'intended to be done and per fl0in'red ! .W. r doubt .not but the see ats revealed by .us froim timte to .time on thi hbed, 'partietilarly . within- the -last six months, have induced many of the red-collared and -blue-coated ,rndtsaaics, humbly to -with-draw theircclrams apd tishes, and to beg to be allowed to ttu out their modbst' but premature -halls, not- wishing no'N; to trouble ..Hi.s l ,E cellency ! In this list hovcever, we do not include Miller Gordon, .(a native of the Colony,) whose claim under Sir Thaintas Brisbane, was scouted by' ten-thousand acre- less Mr. Mc'Leay, until twe exp?sed the.poor nian's wrongs in this Journal ; :nor yet Mr. Shellywho has ,been waiting two years.and .cannot get an acre, -much less a whole Island, like the one ""bespoke" by Calitain Dumaresq ; much less. 10,000 acres, like t'hdse"' bespoke?'-by:our Culo nial Secretary at Biateman's l3iay:i- much less the same, Hlonpurable's ' bespoke" Church- reserve' in -. the Cow-pastures ; much less the brace of sections lie spoke by the bride of Mr. -- of Wind sor,. as a marriage piortion ; much less the chalk'd portions of .Mr.. Mc'Leay's family ; .much less the .wihle: parish of Colonel Stewart beyond Jhithturst; who brought lI s farm into cultivation by em ilying 'the King's troops" and the Emit plain drays, and iy selling, shoes and stores, marked on being landed at the Kixig's 1Wharf, i arnmyj.tores"' at the Go vernment hlouse at Bathurst ; as Major \Vall can testify, if enquired of either by :HIis Excellenc ' or IHis Majesty's'Attorney General ; sceing thelhitter is so zealous a p'rosecnior of pew-trespassers,. and other oifehnders in misdemeanur! - As to the allonta(ion' in the above ex tratet front the Official Jouinl, that '" there " ncier was a periodl since lIts EKcellency Scaime to the Colony 'when so many t-a " tie-born youths.havy applied for small "grants-there's quite'i ferment amongst " then, &&." it is a base fabricatton either of the Editor or ofsome creature of this G'oern ment. Itis manufactured to inducethe native youths to hasten to send in their petitions for farms. - ..The native youths petitioned this government un.the Gorernor's early ar. rival; butgot not the least encouragemtent. They soon learnt, that all the .b st and most conntigtuus land were to lie given anayt to his staffand-the civil and military officers of the Colony and to favoured youngladies. They therefore ceased very.soon to ask foi land. t\ow thiat this artful invitation to thtm -to petition for land, is thrown out by the cuiining RIev. 'Editpr,".they'will .ito 'doubt ietititon'oncemdore;nt least we would add-i:c ev~ry one of theim "jvh' i` of age, so to do.-' But let'. them all anti.date their -petitions ! sonme.three months, some six, some nine, tind some twelre,;to make bd lieve they -asked-'for hlnd all that time back, inordirctio justify the veracious alle gotian in the Official Journal, iib-mt their being a, this fnoment "ALL IN'A FER. Itf the finisy argument abOnt'the native lad.-"-marrying"' be sincere, and also true (though mind, it may ;be true, arid we think it is Irue% withotint its bei sincere), why tben,'itlis a disgrace to.the present Administration to"have.l kept our native youth fout years :.without the ,meanus t'of marrying; while.to .ithe'brides'and daugh ters of civil officers and-richl settler's already supplied"' wih large quantities of land, ten and twerity times thq q!antitiy these psor. native lads would reiq uire, have bce-n.gi ve. .thtei as ii nmarriar e lidrtidn ! H:l-ear ti Sir "George Murray:! as..vou value justice and the love.of the ,nti?e-ihorn of Nev South Wiiles;wwho must very soon be0eme the owners e'of this territory, mid ou 'whose -loyhlty and allegiance.fifty years hence, the -King of England ntust rely, for his domi ions in thl?s quarter-of' his empire I ' 'This isa subject" says the crafty 'Offi. chiil' f.no little importance, and .Ihas )br some tinie (!).: occupied the.attention of our Goventnent.'L" We will ask,'. i it not a suibject of that nature as to have demanded them attention of Governmenit AT. ALL TIMES. ? "Cad the iative'youth' of the Colony, in regard to their claims ft r land, be forgotten by Ithl Gidvernmentt for a single daq, with juticc:and-policy, much lesp for four years . The' courtly Editor' nift'cts tsut'prise atI his formera'ibsurd jropoition to endow thr currency lansaes with land in'preference to the boys, "Ulinving n:ttacted so small n shareoof the public naitie." ':The fact is. that'it was obv'-ou th i ill men- that the said proposition ~wvnis:iitended by' the Edi. tor, as a cover:ta tile enorniouu'sifts giverr to -Mr. ,Mel'Leay's' ifilnilyjp- Iand to sv?irai -ounz ladis on their mtanrriag??anndl it therefi,;re wdr reircoV,;eil hy' thi T u'Tlc wth loat in g, sneersr and a~,?t to eT'S,, ;,'ha.S!d nits f~owr*~ ecpe1aw eas publia at thb time, and -the proposition fel' t tie Sgroup_?p:ilike a lump ofElead, gros?vile, and' 'iarthlesa=: s= t r e'the; court Editor should h?'i yet .-to: learn, hiit if ("s he- i pudentlyttrand falsely published, publisbed too as the language of the tirst` pers9nf in the Colony) "" o.r columnrs i re "not read by .ily man of character or ' ommon respeOtability," weare it :ill events read by n;ne-terths of the pebple alid that the ,politicalconduct and creed of nirne tenths ot.the people of this Colony arede[ termined and formed by us. .The' C-ii? nists saw-and knew us, fourteen long year's before theyever heard of General Darliti ; not only us public men, but also as prit are l. migrant Settlers; and:Lo.what WE SAY, therefore, the General may depend upon _it the Colonists will always response, a hearty:amen. f " Measures are-inprogress, which will " w- are persuaded, give very ge nc:.1 sa ti faction." If any thing were wanting to prove oar former insindation, that tt e whle of this extract is " gottli>" for the occasibn, atrd is intended to induce the na 'ive lads to'senrd;in their petit,,ns forth with, to prevent HIis Excellency hein, ,ou perscded in. his Gonvernment (which we believe he is hourly-expecting te be) hefnt e he has granted them land ; this expression e would remove all tloubts. WVeexhort thel:td-e L to petition for land without- dlhty on the Ri ver -lanning. It is really good land there; land on 'which they.can rear-a family. And I we have reamon to believe; that -t 6e Govern t ment now wish to give the land there away to.the boys. Government know it %will.have a better look, when t.he banks of that ri ver nre filled up with little settlers in the intervening. spaces between ,the sump l tuous manors of the 'Oslorn's, the Guil dings, the Icely's, the- .Tones's, the Duma: 1 resqs,'the &e.; &c.; &c.; &c.; &e.; ý&c.; &c.; CoURT or Rltouesss.-Ilalloran . vs. Morda'nt.' The plaintilffsned the defend ant for ten pounds, for work and labour ldone and performed. Dr. I-I. stated, that -Mr,. Mord:unt as the organ of the Sydney Publicans, lately employed him to ca.tt .pose and engross a fair copy of a petition to the.Colonial Legislature, on imnportantt m-tters .reg .rdinu their body. That he had dtne sot in an elabotate memorial of three sheets of fthplscap ; that he hailre ceived four pounds in lpart payment thereof; nndl now sued for the other sir. 'His charge of ten pounds -had been mhade by him as a fair remun,:ration for thei drawin, up of -a petition, which required a great deal of his attdntion and consider ation,' and he presentid: to-the Commis sioner, in support of his claim, an .nalni davit fromna gentleman whom the publi cans had employed five years ago 'to dataw for- tiem a similar memrorial;. in the r afildavit it was stated, that the deponen't had been paid ten pounda for hii~ labours. 'That gentleman however, j(the .Doctor observed) seemed to understand :his avn C cation better- thian -himself, for he. had ' taken' the. precaution to demand hi3 fee (barrister-like)' before lie. put pan to paper. Dr.. Wardell, on behalf otf.'the t dclefendant, plead:led, that the ,payyeunt of f£1, confessed to -by'.the phlintiff; wk quite a sullicient remuneration ;" that he C himself (though he haid not seen the menio ,rial) should -not have..charged the publi cans -more than -five.guineas;: and tliat Dr. II. had not distinctly proved, that he waa employed specially anmi exclusively by the defendant. On this last around the 'Plaintiff was non-suited. ' (t'e are quite astonished at to respectable and wealthy a r body as the ppublicans, giving . three or five , guineas to a Counsel, to residt so just a de •nmand as that whict'is here recorded. .hey Swell knew they paid. ten uineas before for a .sunilar memnorial P. . They are well aware 1 Dr. ialloran-itnot afl?ent, and has a la'ge family to support P .'lThey are ?well aware that if he had, as was done once, delmanded his fee before-hand, Itjry would hare paid hirn'" seeing there is n. t a.man in the Golony whe would take mnore pains; or who was more 7 capable of advocating their cause, than the SDoclor ? .'hence then this stran.e devia !, lion in. the Sydney Publicans, fron the comse. .pursved to the writrler of theiyformer mevgo Srial ? -Ihat is half-a.crown4 piece to suts c -men, ? Even if th.e/ had?.iade a preent of c ten. pounds .to a public wilter, like .Dr. II, , who is ever ready to advance the publio we-a t by his liter'ary, labours, thely .ould neithelicr have -ruined nor disgraced themselves. Ei.). f -' \- A ery intelligent frierid of ours,:said'to us one day this week, " why -friend Hall, your-paper I "was not ritch .last, week as- usa); I l wa S" obliged to confcss to y'our Tory foes, who putshed " m hard on the subject, that you were rather " dull last Saturday ; for though ~trCey don't.'fi " Acribe totyouriluctbations, they all.acknow: " ledge your superiority over: ".the Oflicl," anin. " that they.read yon witl.infinite more eagerness " than they do 'he suggestions of " the Olliclal'a' " "prompter, - thel pertioned Colonii;l Secretary. " :.Their petty -spite indeed alone'prevents theml ' froin iubhcribingt to the, Sydney Monitor; and ." the Governor's .allegation, that it is not read by '" 'any persoti of chaia?dter, is false,' not only as to " the respectability of your shshormbers, .btt false \- "to a man, of all your intelligent arid wealthy op S" ponents." - W~e only laughed at; our, zealous friend's suggestion, obserring, that, writersewcre not alwvaiys eqiually happy and clei~i-lieaded. - How ever, on.lopking at our last Stturdlay's production, 'while we admit that- our ltght-blfa'try readers, and the common jpople lwho attend pubhl:ehouseas, would find in it but a scanty portion of ctit-chnt, small talk, village gdesip, or of that still more delicioils fare, '" poice Incidcnts." wel noldly al lege, we never published a more important· paper. or one whicl discov.red more indlatry, more re search, more clear dattr, or more sound thinking. The report and commetnts on the trial'of' Mao'Cabe for perjury, and the exposure to Sir George Mur ray of the Arnarminq letter of memtorial,: of our in tcllectul truth-telling Chba.ber of Conirnrce, with Mecsrs. Berry, James, Bunn, andt Co.·at their hatnd, together with the valuablt informationn o" 5Ie real' nature nod-capabilities of New South .Wale as ua agricultural Colony, will (we will be egotists enough to any,) be read 'with the interest' by the p.reople 'nf fLndon, who are at all connioredl. with tle Colony; andwill be preferred by them,; indbhy. ljdli Mem~ers of Parliament who read our Sydney Joufntll; to all.ant emalu l tgossip, not eren excepthtg the exanmlntions before ur wor; thy ptliaeMagistrath, Ctaptain Monsieur iosail - 