aontactfe iutelligcnte. CrIT.CHAT.--A young man for many years confidential clerk to Mr. .***0 is missing. He had it szems twelve pounds belonging to his master, which was given him to discharge ani account, .but which was not done.-The springs in Sydney have lately been disturbed, so that the water had a black turbid appear ance.-lt is reported that a gentleman of Syd ney has become the purchaser of the remain. der of the printing materials of Dr. Wardell, for the putpose of establishing a newspaper at Swan Port, to be edited by a person lately ar. rived here who has conducted one in England. -A ghost it is rumoured was seen in No. 4 watch.houlse, which scared the keeper nearly out of his wits-this is its second appearance \--some people seem to doubt the tale.-The Phreneological Society met oh Friday evenin, week at the house of Dr. Bland, who delivered a lecture on the subject.--The Post Office was entered on Saturday, between the hours of 8 and 9 in the morning by false keys ; the parties were disappointed in their booty, ob. taming only 26s -Strange news is afloat res. pectihg certain J..P's aid other "lofty spirits" at the late Circuit dinner at Wallis'.plains, which ended by the offending parties being handed over to the guardians of the night. Some persons ride through the principal streets'of Sydney on the darkest nights at full speed. This is highly improper. How are fetnales, children, and aged persons to escape if therp be a noju9 at the same time t-SatLtr. daJ evening'the std?es of ,Mr. Wood'? re robbed of a quantity of oil ; the party is in custody.-Six men wereleft for execution at Wallis'-plains,-An Inquest was held on Mon day last on the body of Peter Garland. Ver. dict-" The deceased came to 'lis death in consequence of an injury 'sustained by him on the evening of the 13th Instant, by a stone thrown at him by some person or persons un known."-A large black: snake was killed in the Government Domain on Sunday last. John Holmes, convicted of Arsot, at the Caumpell.Town Ciiminal Court, was executed on Friday last; previously to the drop falling he confessed his guilt.-Eight acres and a' half of land on the South.head Road, suitable to brilld upon, were sold by Auction at the Royal Hotel, on Monday last, for "£403; and Capt. W\oodrflPs farmi on the banks of the Nepean, was let at the same time for £400 per annum for 21 years.--On sidlay night week the Cor. poration Offlice, M acquarie.place, was entered by somle person or persons unknown, whot no doubt were disappointed in finding only pa Iers.--'he Denmark Hill Captain Foreman, left Cape Town on the 7th March for the Isle of France.;-The cutting through the Rocks at the head of Argyle-street into Cockle Bay appear. to have been utrain resumed. -A plea. sure boat of 9 tons built by Quarternmaster Lloyd, was launched foon the Dock.yard oun S;turday last, and christened " l'le Wan. dler," after which the party partook of a cold collation on hoard.-A poor man a little inebriated, attempting toyqiTke a polite bow 'to -.an oflicer in York.street,. lost his centre, fell with his head on a stone, and cut it albove tihe eye int a dangerous maunner.-There are .G prisoners for trial in the Sydney gaol for rarious offences ; on Monday it was visited by the Chief Justice, accompanied by the i)epulty Sheriff, (as is the custom on theopening of the Criminal Court.)-A kitten was littered on 'Monday, at aIr. Wood's, George-street, h:s. 'ring the unusual number of two heads and tails, and eight feet ; it has been prescrred in spirits, and remains for the inspection of the curious.-Scot/e Cautio:--A gentleman tra. velling in tie Highlands of Scotland, pulled upi his horse at a little solitary public.house by the road side to indulge himself with a drumn, as an antidote to the cold blast thatl wats blow. ing in his teeth. Having emptied the quaich, he exclaimed-" That's capital whisky Donald, is it legal P.' " Why Sir, (replied D)onald, hIesitatin. n little till he got the money into his hands) why Sir, that's a question.l" and he moved 'tff wsth the bottle under his'arm.- Church-going-" A person who goes regularly to church (bays Dr. Kitchener) will be wrell. spoken of, though he may have no other merit to recomnmend him r he who neglects that duty will be ill spoken of, if lie has no other fault and every other virtue." . The.worthy Doctor, it is plain from this, had no very profound respect for the judgment of the million.-Mr. B. Levey we understand has engaged'several Snew 'amateur performers for the next Con eert--ThIe a311 and Supp-r will take placeoon the 4th proximo.--Filtv- tlree caces were de. cided at the Pol ce Odice on Monday last ; the green-eyed monster appears to )be the cause of half the assaults brought before the Police.-Tuie new Council were sworn in on l'riday last, after which they dined with Ilis Excellency the Governor, save J.T. Campbell, ?faq. -It is said AMr Lord is about to-manufacture coarse papers from maize husks and stalks; we wish him every success; there is nothing . is our opinion to hinder it.-A matan was knocked down on Sunday evening ,in King street anil robbed of every article of value ; this occurred between six and seven o'clock. -\We are sorry to learn, that that old and res. peeted Colonist, Mr. John Blaxland, has lost some Saxon sheep through the native wolf dog. We ate sorry to learn that Mrs. HIayes has been confined to her room the past week, with little prospect of her infant being reated, unless she speedily revorer. The Doctor says her ma lady in its cause is beyond his skill. It appears that the no vasppers had been carefully kept from th!is lady, and it was thought prudent to inform hers in her then precarious state, that her hus h?lad's confinement was very short. On going abroad, the true nature of the sentence was aeci dently revealed to her by a friend whom she visited. She went home, and has not been able to leave her bed since. We are happy to see Mr. Edwards again in Sydney. There is a rumour of his underta. king a Concert on his own account. It was not the Stores of Messrs. Donnison and Cobb, which were attempted to be robbed on Wednesday, merely the Counting-house. In at temping to take a desk from the latter, the thieves were fortunately disturbed and relinquished their pr-y. Tho door was however broken. A superior letter on the important Jury qunestion wa? composed, but the English news causes it to stand overcr. The Jur7 question ought to be agi tated till the new bill ts on the topIs. It is positively asserted, that a settlement has been effected by the Frcnchl about seven degrees to the North of Swan River. Lieut. King saw alli gators about this latitude near the land, and suns pected a large river in the neighbourhood. We ere heartily glad the French have at last got a slice of t isilelnd-Continnt. It wilt e good for trade. Rlumour with her hundred tonguee says, that a neow Governor may be expected abortly in the per non of General Mllddleton, who was to have left England for this Colony in Junoclast. Othera say, S.r Charles Iamilton, M. P. is the man. Ship new, jy teo A'orfol,--Tho follow. ing merchant vessels were to sail in April, May, and June, for thesa Colonies (inot itncluding Swan River) viz. the Perc~, tIhe Devueron, the Elizableth, lMc'Donnell, (sailed 1Sth April). Tho Nancy, the Mlary Anne (sailed the 8th. Mlav for N. S. V. cia V. D. L.). the Lotus, thie Elizabeth, the William, andt the Ifanstead; the latter for N. S. s1. via Swan River. Three other vesscls are entered for Swan Iliver alone. T'he following Convict ships were also to snil in April, Mlny, and June,.viz. The York, and thie John; hioth these had sailed tIhe Guildqord, the Layton, the Aforley,'the Snurry, the 'Thames, and the LuNCy Davidson, (the latter with women convicts) 