Olontctf>t c Gntcelitie. 'CrnT.CuAT.-A younj man for many years confidential- clerk to 1Ar. *"*** is missing. ,He had it s.ems twelve pounots belonging to his muster, wihich was. given him to discharge an account, but whieh was not. done -The springs in Sydney have lately been disturbed, so that the water. had a black turbid appear ance.--lc iq reported that a gentleman of Syd ney has Ijecome the purchaser of the remnain der of the 'printing inaterials'of Dr. Watdell, for the putpose of establishing a newspaper at Swan Port, to be edited by a person lately ar rived here who has conducted one in England. -A ghost It is rumoured was seen in No. 4 watch-house, which seaired the keeper nearly out of his wits-this is its second appearance -some people seern to doulbt the tale.-The Phrcneologieal Society met on Friday evening week at the house of Dr. Bland, who delivered a lecture on the subject."-The Post Office was entered on Saturday, between the hours of S and 9 In the morning by false keys; the parties were disappointed in their booty, ob tainiri only 26s -Strange news is afloat res. pecting certain J. P's and other " lofty spirits" at. the. late Circuit dinner at 1Valha'.p loans, which ended by the offending partics being handed over to the gutirdinns of the nikht. Some persons ride through the principal streets of Sydney on the darkest nights at full speed. -This Is highly improper. How are females,-children, and aged persons to escape if there be a noise at the samo.timne --Satur. day ev ning .the s oieii of Mr. Wood were robbed of :a quantity of oil; the"parpy is in custody.-Six aen were left for exectition at Wallis'-plains,-An In uest was held on Mon day last oil the body of Peter Garland. Ver dict-'" The deceased camne to 'his death in consequence of an injury sustained by him on thi evening of the 13th Instant, by a stone thrown sit him by some person or persons un known."-.-.A large black snake was killed in the Government Domain on Sunday last. John Holmes, convicted of Arson, at the Campbell-Town Criminal Court. was executed on Friday last ; previously to the drop filling lie confessed his guilt.--Eight acres and a half of land on the South-head Road, suitable to build upon, were sold by Auction at the Royal Hotel, on Monday last, for £403; and Capt. Woodriff's farm on the banks of the Nepean, was let at the same time for £400 per annum for 21 years.-On Faiday night wsck the Cor poration Office, Macquarie.place, was entered by some person or persons unknown, who no doubt were disappointed in finding only pa pers.-The Denmark flill. Captain Foreman, left Cape Town on the 7th March for the Ille of Francy.---The cutting through the Rocks at the head of Argyle- street into Cockle Bay appears to have been again resumed.-A plea. sure boat of 9 tons built by Quarter-master Lloyd, was launched foom the hock-yard on Saturday last, and christened " The Wan. derer," after which the party partook of a cold collation on hoard.-A poor man a little inebriated, attempting to make a polite how to an officer in York.strect, lolt his centre, fell with his head on a stone, and cut it above the eye in a dangerous manner.-There are SG prisoners for trial in the Sydney gaol for various olTences a on Monday it was visited by the Chief Justice, accompanied by the Deputy Sheriff. (as is the custom on the opening'of the Criminal Court.)-A kitten was littered on Monday, at, Mr. Wood's, George-street, ha. ving the. unusual number of two, heads and tails, and eight feet ; it has been preserved in spirits, and remains for the inspection of the curious.-Scotch Cakution-A gentleman tra. velling in the Ilighbinds of Scotland, pulled up his horse at a little solitary yublic.house by -thl.road side to indulge himiself with a dram, as an antidote to the, cold blast that was blow. ireg in his teeth. Having emkiptied the qnaich, be exclaimed-" That's capital whisky Donald, is it legal ?' " Why Sir, (replied Donald, hesitating a little till be got the money into his hands) why Sir, that's a question I" and he moved off with the bottle under his arm. Church- going-" A person who goes regularly to church (says Dr. 'Kitchener) will be well spoken of, though he may have rso other merit to recommend him , he who neglects that duty will be ill-spoken of, if he has no other fault and every other virtue." The worthy Doctor, it is plain from this, had no very profound respect for the. judgment of the million.-Mr. 3\. hevey we understand has engaged several new amateur performers for the next Con. cert-The Ball and Supper will take place on the 4th proximo.-Fifty-three cases were de. cided at the Pul.ce Odlice on Monday last a the green-eyed monster appears to be the cause of half the assaults btought before the Volice.-'.Tne new Council were sworn in on Friday last, after which they dined with His Excellency tihe Governor, save J. T. Campbell, Eaq. -It is said Mr Lord is about to manufacture coarse papers from maize husks and stalks; we wish him every success; there is nothing in our opinion to hinder it.-A man was. knocked' down dit Sunday evening in King street and robbed of every article of value; this occurred between six and seven o'clock. -We are sorry to learn, that that old and res pected Colonist, Mr. John Blaxland, has lost soase Saxon sheep through the native wolf dog, We are sorry to learn that Mrs. Hayes has been confined to her room the past week, with little prospect of her infant being reared, unless she speedily revover. 'T'he Doctor says her una lady in its cause is beyond his skill. It appears that the ne vapapers had been carefully kept froma this lady, and it was thought prudent to inform her, ha oew shea precarious state, that her bus h iad's confinement was very short. On going abroad, the true natarr of the sentence was acci dently revealed.to her by a friend whom she visited. She went home, aid has not been able to leave her bed since. We are happy to see Mr. Edwards again in Sydney. There is a rumour of his underta. king a Concert on his own account. It was not the Stores of Messrs. Donnison and Cobb, which were attempted to be robbed on Wednesday, merely the C'ounting-house. In at temping to take a desk from the latter, the thieves w:ra fortunately disturbed and relinquished their pray. The door was however broken. A superior letter on the important Jury question was composed, but else Eng~lish news causes it to stunt over. 'Thle Jury question ought to be agi tated till the new bill as on the toyiu. It is positively asserted, that a settlement has been effected by the French about seven degrees to the North of Swan River. Lieut. King saw alli- gators about this latitude near the land, and sus- pected a large river in the neighbourhood. We are heartily glad the French have at last got a alice of this Island-Continent, it will be good for trade. ltumonr with her hundred tongues says, that a newv Guvrcinor may be expected shortly in the per son of General Mnlddlton,, who wan to have left England for this Colony in Jlune last. Others say, S.r Charles Ilamailson, M.P.I is the man. Sh/p news &y; the Norfulk-The follow ing merchant vessels were to sail in April, May, and June, for these Colonies (not including Swan River) vIz, the Percy, ihe Devcron, thet Rlizabe'th, MsIc'Donnell, (sailed 18th April). The Nancy, the Mary Anne (sailed the 8th,.Maw o* N. 8, W. viz V.DI. L). the Lotus, the Elizabeth, the William, and the Wanstead ; the latter for N. S. tt. via Swan River. Three other vessels are entered for Swan River alone. The following Convict ships tvera alan to sail in April, liay, and June, viz. The Ydrk1 and the Jo/n; both these had sailed athe Guidqord, the Lrsytoa, the Atorle~y, the Suivy,,t the T'harnes, amid the Luci David~som, (the latter with women convicts) 