CAPE TOWN, MAY 16. 1890. I 'had is Hcef they would pat Rntsban. in my Mogth, as offer to stop it with-Sacv'r v. Shakepcare. The 60th Ordinance is said to be inten ded for all the Crown Colonies; we may therefore expect their sympathy and as sistance in trying to get some of its provi sione softened ore~punged. It was drawn out in Downing-street, we believe, by some ie Person or Persons unknown," who thought in their wisdomn that the Act pas sed in the 35th year of the Iota King, was too tender towards literary men. It left too much Liberty to the Subject, it seems, and permitted persons not known-such .inferior people as Sir Walter Scott, for instance, or Mr. Addison, had he been alive,--to address their countrymea in pint;; without tiret sweating on the Gos .pias,. at to their tree names and places of abode. or without giving Security not to Nl ;:heme. The good taste, correct feel. ing, and gentlemanly forbearance of the Parliament wer' satisfied with crdering, that the names of the Printer and Pub Usher, and two of the Proprietors, should privately be m'ule known to the Coin missioners of Stamps, and that the name? of the Printer and Publisher should appear in some part of each'copy. The writor of the "Ordinance" directs that the Editor, Prin tcr and Puhlisher, and all the Proprietors, shall make oaths, give securities, and have their names exposed to the public gaze in every copy ! The severity of the punishment also marks the temper in which "the Ordinance"' ha' been written. Not satisfied with the penalties sanctioned by the Law, the Or dittance destroys at one blow the whole property and future prospects of any Edi tor, Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, con victed of publishing what may tend to bring. the Government into contempt ! No room is left for repentance or amend sment. Fine and imprisonment, confisca tion and banishment, are too gentle in their operation. For a single slip, the in dividual must suffer to the end of his days! A mark is set upon him that no time can remove. He is stripped of the common rights of a British subject, or rather of a human being, for ever. WVhut must a Jury of honest men feel on returning a verdict of Guilty, when the consequences are so awful ? This is more like a decree of the Star Chamber than the act of.a British Government. There is no principle better known than the inefficiency of vindictive punishments; we mean their tietfielency for, good pur poses. They break down the natural dis tinction of crimes. They both provoke offences, and, in the end, shield the offender. Moderate punishments, agree aibly to the Moral Sentiments of mnanitind, can be invariably inflicted, and keep men in temper as well as in awe. A Libel, tending to bring " the Government of a Colony into comtempt-while that Go vernment is woithy of all honor-cannot be very prejudicial. Mafnnkind are not entirely without brains. Their contempt, we believe, would be more apt to fall upon the writer in such a case. But how can a Jury be asked to deliver such a simple ton over to a punishment fitted only for the greatest criminals ? * On the other hafid, when the Government falls into error, vnd perseveres in it; when, instead of sheering its sheep, it flays them alive, all the writerq in hbe wuild shall not save it from conteiipt And the tomie A" sensible of the existing eontempa sooner shall it recover the love, verence of its subjects. Nothing in tends so much to bring.either Govern or Individuhls into conteanpt, as the festation of anger, and the fear of is ble enemies-of persons or thhbl, known. Children and nurses aeti of spirits only in the dark, but ever1 ,of dense agrees with Mr. Locke ghost can equally well show Isj open day or in the face of twenty'e as in the dark. There is no securitya evil spirits like courage and integrity, who have a good conscience and sound estion, are very seldom troubled b the is remarkable,,also, and to our purpose, in ancient times, when such *pitite, everywhere persecuted and condeag the Red Sea, or wedged into oallndw they showed their sense of such crnl in every way open to them, and bee the plagues and pests of dailylifu, a milder system came into repute, feel asleep, or retired to regions he the limits of true history. It was the same with Witches. So as they were burned in tar-burruls, of bound into ponds, no man's tattlee safe from them. Every hatnlet had sorceress, who threw children ltro dried up the milk of cows, and l p the process of making butter, when savage laws fell into disuse, the women gradually withdrew fromnallei ances offensive or defensive with. the At Enemy. And now that one oQthbgrn eas Liiw Authorities in moderntime, given it as his opinion; that though VItt craft is true in general, it is falseinit particular instance, we meet .with ye few people indeed who are really witched. Now, could not something of tlis gentlen be tried with the Press ? Are Authon much worse than Devils or Witches; that benevolence would he wasted upon' the, Are they to be tamed only by gyves and mill? They are not necessarily worse other men ? Fewer authors, we- believe,anm be found in the criunmmal Calendar than Lv Vers, Physicians, or even Divines.., They met with in prisons, no doubt, but seldomi any greater crime than Poverty.' Theyg not ungrateful. No Government ever is them well, without being a ply repaid-to in praise only, but by the Improvement obh Coumunit y both as mga and as sujehen. Bs authors there have been; but, like evil si they are best' cormbsted by-neglect. Nothing has ever happened ina thlColo to give a colour for such harshness.. There been no printed -Blasphemy, Sedition, ors thing tending to bring the Government li d.nger. if any people ever deserved a plimnent from the Colonial Minister morel others, it Is due to the inhabitants of theC They are the most quiet, peaceable, ands grumbling race of mortals that ever p faxes. It is difficult to get thlemneren toile a Petition. - Any idea of revilingi-far Ieuo resisting authority, never entered their edsh The writerof" the Ordinance" and theMinia that sanctioned it, could not possibly bave the Cape. in thefr eye; and-will-h4uble when the thing is properly explained tothe, revoke these galling and unnecessary preen. tiona. Is the reader awarevwhat ceremnsiti I writer of this article has had. to perform hr fore he was at liberty to present it tp him lie had to appear before " the officer beuti rank to the Governor, and taking up the lloi Evangelists, to make oath and sneer-bIu That he is Editor of this Paper. - Rd. Thath is n aProprietor of the same. '3d Thataio ther jerson is also a Proprietor. - 4th..Thatu certain. person described is sqle Printer tsr Publisher. 5th. 't'hat such a' person reside at a certain place. 6th. That he hinself to sides at a certain place :-and this:oith mut be renewed when he changes his ln gingt lie had then to proceed to a Judge of the Sn. preme Court, and enter into a recognince, wits two sureties-to the amount of six hur. dred pounds in all, that he shall pay Olinns inflicted upon him for -Blasphemy, lie his then to cause his name, profession, prbpertp, and place of abode to be truly described at some part of avery number of this paper I! The Colonial Chaplain preached an escel lent sermon last Sunday -against the multipli cation of oaths;a and Solouaon. himself warn al rudent people against the dangers of Sare thip. The Ordinance is a curious prac. talcomment on suicl texta. -Either it of they should be altered. Before concluding, wve take tlhe 4bertytf retauroing our respectful thanki ~nd asrmeed atcknowvledgemen ts to those' Gentlemen why have done mis thne honor to -become our me. curities. 1Ve were not put to the pain of ma licicing this favor,-flvo gentlemen having frankly, unsolicited by us, suaie furwa immsediat~ely after the appearance of the Ordi anuice and relieved us frorn so unpleasant task-a sufficiently clear proof of the senti mnenta entertained by stne Community on th occasion. WVe smuljola their letter, avlich doe honor to the Colony. - "Cape Town, 11 Palsy 18111. " To Messrs. John. PalrbJrn, Editor, mad George Grclg, Vubhlshser,of the South All' can Commertial Advertiser: Gentlensen,-Observing that by -the proruiketn of Ordlinauco No. 609, respecting the Press in this Colony, you are both bound to fand securities IS the amount of Three hundred IPounds, we beg -leave to otfer ourselves jointly as yonr Smaretmis to Government, in compilance with the lay -illum dod to, end sare, Gentlemen, Year most obedient servants,' (h~ere follow skr Sig'uatnisres 