ALL ALIVE HO ! : ! One day last week a certain vintner of Sydney, which is not the commonest thing in life, fuuud his pot at ton parlour quite deserted, and hav'ng a kill tn meet next da v. did not by an V means tel ish the seclusion : so he set his wits to work how to obtain a room full at least, of convivial ?thirsty souls. ? - - . ' Q mischief thou a.r'4 swift, 'To enter in the thoughts of desp'rate men.' ; 'It happened 1hat. ingenious Boniface had a man of medicine lodging in 'his house, who loved sleep ing better than his potions, ahd would rather be awakened by Sol at nopn-day, breaking through his Curtains, than *? the lark shrill herald of the moon :' .so he deemed the Doctor all fair game in, the: way of business. The clock happened novr -to be on the stroke of ten in the forenoon, yet the. music from the Doctor's nasal organ was evi dence sufficient how insensible he continued to the affairs of this world. Boniface feeling cogni sant of several 'choice spirits,' whom he kuew to be thorough bred ' soakers,' by dint of pen, ink, and paper, indited twelve summonses or invi tations, setting forth in proper dolorous terms, that b stranger of reputable appearance having taken a b--d ??in his house the evening previously, had dc . parted this life during the night. The bait took wonderfully -the gudgeons bit, and twelve house 1 holders, all ' *?/«/* -customers,' and just the sub jects. .Boniface stood in need of, repaired to the Bnug little parlour appointed, and thereawaited the coming of the Coroner. Some talked of death, and the lady, the weather, and the times, alter nately,' but, the majority broached the landlord's vintage, his spirituous liquors, and the- limpid »t ream in the way of dilution. Thus time with tiipse jovial^souls -slid along merrily —high-noon passed, glasses had been crowned, by some twice, and even thrice— the dumps rattled-into the land lord's till; but no one could discover, the 'dawn- er 'brushing 'with 'hasty stops1' the way to. the abode ordeath. ' Messenger followed after , mes- senger, yet.no Coroner. 'At .length .the bell tolled the hour of one,, and the twelve good. men and true began to lose all patience, and some were preparing to move off, when Boniface interposed with his — ' Gentlemen, you would perhaps, like to see the body.' ' 'Yes,' yes, ot course,' -was the unanimous reply, and with mugs lengthened; 'to hiideous laxity, up stairs they marched--the intended Foreman undauntedly taking the head of the procession ; and opening the door of the Doctor's apartment, in he stalked, followed by the other Jurymen. It happened that the Doctor, was enjoying his snooze aUhis time,- or if he did over hear the ^liicking at the door, he did not, unclose his lids to behold the melancholy train, but per haps fnncyinc '(was « Joey' bringing boots in, he did, not budge r,n inch. Boniface pulled a lonfi pi iz. steppeclquiutly upio the bedside, and with n well put on'toucli of t ho ii-ock heroic, com menced pluck.iiff away the bed clothe, when up Sed the a wakened .Doctor, - and as though he ' wokp under, the . influence of his most poworfu ca thaitio, sprung- upOii his centre, staring at Bum- , face,' and his' 'twelve good men and true,' like a ~; rlivivifica' ?pytlia'g'oras. 7,~'IJoriiface: instantly jun^ped back,;and n»ak ing' a' bolt out. of the room, and down stairs was precipitally followed by 'ih«; Inquest, who one and all for the moment were perfect converts to ghosts, spirites, wizards, apparitions, and so forth ;.. whilst the roused Poctor from the' Stair top ^bellowed with the lungs of a_ Stenfor;' What's the matter,.? stop, stop. What Uieh—'s the matter?' v./ . \ .-- . / ?fymifcn ?rtfc//-7fn,-;-TTl-eChinese:!arevpryt care- ful jini keeping the, sexes aparrA from each other.; Boys are excludedjrom. the female apartinents at .the age of twelve yeacs, and girls of. the. same age are forbidden 'to stir abroad., A Chiriese'author add, that they are not tp.'take; any thing out of each other's hands; but if they never meet there can bp but llitle' daii'«jer rof.tbat. '? However, so particular. are these people uppn thishead, that to prevent a man, from entering into an apartment, it is sutliciep l.tp. say; 'The^iti are women there.' -_ ? JJiviiif'.iiigfitit —.When James I. made his pub-. Jib entry into London, he pass'ed through Alders gate,, .which. was then' in a -state of great diiapida tipn. , Jairies Icansed it , to be resloitd. and to be prriarnented- with ,a representation iu relievo .of his entry,, andiwitii.statiiesof^the prophets Jeremiah fahd Samuel' ^beaVing.references to iheir respective ? writings. -/.jOvpr -the ..latter- ^his-.Majesty lias given, a lift' to . his rfayou rite doctiiner— the right divine of ! kings. 4« And Samuel said unto all- Israel, Behold il have hearkened runto. your, voice In all ^that you have said unto me, arid have' made a king over yyou;'. ;:-;-:.,^:::-:-:-.'V,vv-;vr-.;:- : v; ?? ';-.' 