Sbb **et*9*d a letter signed 1pdrnsnur, Sn.reeses why our Agricultural Society ,jH.nJe premiums:. for the manufacturing '.i tble .*t. and woollens froeseeloalal wools 'e.-with the 'writer. We think such p?esTmme would be fully ea reasonable and as cblilbtbat with the objects of the Society, as any pretiucs they nowr dispense. Aid.we eon sider too, that a duty on the importation of 'tblnnheto would be less absurd, than the in. trlguo duty of the Berry and Horton club eon ro importation into this Colony of tobacee. But we shall not insert I.tmprimatur'a letter, bec:us ne his reasaons for encouraging the man. ufacturo of blantkets, are bad ones, and too far fetched. 'fedtng t of the Chamber of Commerce.--There a a m?.ting of about tweaty Ave members at sha Chamber, to consider the Insolvent Bill. Mr. W. Walker was called to the. chair. He was the only prtofon who seemed to be in favour of the Bill. 'Ite AMetioneers were against it. The per. sone who expressed themselves adverse to the iill; were,. Messres. Lamb, James, Moftifiore, Phillips, Lyons, Pauls, Solomon's, Cohen, and Symons. Messrs. Pittman and Wyatt said they would be at no expense in opposing it. Messrs. Sparks, Hindson, Bunn, D. Cooper, Curlewis, Wilson, and J. Brown, seemed to be listeners. It was agreed however to take Counsel's opinion, and afterwards? to ceall a meeting- of" the mer. t habnts and skopkeepers generaly, to consult thea public interests. : That extensive Grasier, Lieuteu&n-ColIenei; Du inaresq, Captain of the Veterans on full-pay, Aid-" du-camp, private Secretary &c.; &c.; &c.; Is not yet' returned from mustering and branding his cattle, reviously to"clling the whdle concern, nd iletting hist externive ??x:elegant mansien, built t eonsict ýischinkP. The venerable Judge-Advocate Forbes (Captain of the 39th-- Ensign in 1824) is gone to Parra- matta, to consult with his Excellency on the ver dict of the General Court-martial which lately sate t on Lieutenant Carew 63rd Regiment At V. D. Land, and before which he was tried on charges negligence in his custody of the Convicts on board the Cypress, which was captured by them on its voyage to Macquarie Harbour. The prosecutor was not the Lieut. Governor in this Court-martial \- consequently, each day's proceedings were not carried to Lt. Governor Arthur every day, nor was the evidence read by the witnesses at the end of each day. ooQ't henplel, for being too jolly about the dol" I Jirs'being lowereil in the price, nt the Waterloo Warehouse, was challenged to fight, which he ac-. eOpted, but got the worst of it. He was taken to Nio house in atn insenaible state. (A good hint for Attorney-Generals, and not a bad one for Judges. Ed.) An action against the Derby Reporter for libel was tried in yhe King's Bench on Monday. Da- mages 1s. And Lord Tenterden said, he would take 1 '(ore the parties should pay ther own costs ! The plaintiff was a s?licitor in Derby.-Thits affords another instanr.ce of the determination of British Muries, not to sanctihon the rascally attempts which - ave bes u'a.de within the last few years, to .x lract money fros th?is peekets of newspaper pio lrietors iWho kdl tMe truth I' ('limes) i '. ir JoLu Wvlde's property at i1:e eernse A| 'fork and King- street, with a two-years unexpired late, atw52 LOs. currency per annum, was -old Ips) week by Mr Bodenham, and brought ?.117 rtlhiof.-Rooke'e piremlies in . George-street brought £920 sterling laet week.-We are grtt? feii toheoar,'that the hore of Kemys e?rown., asd to 'uean to bring out our four whaliang ships, of e?ei:h the lHarriet, now eon her passage, tis ue.,- aersons in learh"- ot an eligible location 1geaD'ttea. !rttd di slh .l .to lqookafter " Mcusse l tchlan," which ii"ajein$ it:. Unwirn ' ,a.tis nra 'erty at the Surry Hills, and is to, be put utp to the ammer at the Royal Hotelon Wednesday evenir.g tie 2d proximo. The 155 acres which toraprlre the estate, have been sub-divided into lots, varying tran six to ten scres each.- 'ihey are all well was tered, as the stream which turns the Waterloo Mill meanders th5rough the estate; and every lot has a frontage to t , high road. This, and the eptate o; eQdrlats respected Sheriff Mr. Macknees, which is also to be sapid off in half-acres, is likely to sttract aeosidera'ble rompetition.-.oAstraslitan. Mr. Parker t:he ingenious constrnct'r of the Ho birtTown Aq ueduct, has euncceesedin bringing his work.withina few.wnundred yards of tsee trrackas.Mr' Psrker has now at iis comuastnd a fall of tl.wavds ef ;G feet, by which he witll i:s e-...biedto introduce tde water into the ba=:rx.:.s a: whmtever pa:' s: be dec:did '-. " When the Public (it it observed by the Tasmanian,) recollets, thr.t liets q?eration has been performed by oiu tIon or fifteen s?tn in all, corc"n ncitgnsearly a. tIhe asumnit cf thet shagniient Moour.t Wellington, w'orkiuag as they dId for rsonthes i 'a saost inclement cilinats, esatcely ever free from Snow or rain, that their 4perations have extended to. a lin of seven rnie- for the aqtiua:duct is in all two nii!es carried tIrouglh soid4eck in many places for considerable distances — when all the hardships these xiesa have under- gone are considered, to say nothing of the impor- tance and usefulness of their labours, we cannot but hope, that they will receive that most valuable eo all-rewards--the restoration to their liberty." CHIT CHAT . On Saturday morning, the prisoners per Guilford were landed. and on Wednesday morning the prisoners per Layon. Among the latter are three men dmuominlatedon iherooyage Sawemll, and inho, for such title, will ms doubt tie ptt in early possession pf WVllisg tpn Valley for tie"r pOrtion (a lieutenant, an a~ttorey, and a surveyer).-Mr. Therry, the new Commisioner of the Court of Requests, was on Tuesday morning sworn in as a Bar riseter in the Supreme Court, the oath being administered after the form used to gentlemen of the Catholic persuasion.-On 'T'uesdny, George Pearce was charged at the Police O.lie with being a riotous - subject; having at late hours of the night, thrown iragments of roek at quiet people's coors, and kept" a pack: of wfllia~ it hisbeek and call,.'awho made such onetablee r?u as attempt..d io take Georady ito e iitody, they being put in bodily fear; -r f.. all which pranks -OGorge was bomnd *(er tokeep the penee, besidee being ordered tiree hot:ta in to.. utock,,--aM $.tturday last. res o wn h ,hn coiled "The Cherry Garden Tavern" on the Parra- matta-road, were entered by some thieves, and despoiled of divers hams (Westphalia no doubt) and sundry pieces of pork ; by exertion on the part of Lewis the Long-bottom constable, the savoury plant was sprung, and after a tedious search, three fellows were apprehended on suspicion and brought into Sydney.--The brig Adiity Is fittiug 0ut at the clock.yard for Mere. Mir'Bay.*--.Pnrt of the drain where the depro detere were as work in the great Bank r?b. itory, has fallen in, and left a g'ap not quite so Iqrge as to require a Quintitsa Gurtius to jump (p tO close it, but of aufacient extent .o aiske tbee Directore tool gravv-.-On 'Tuieaday a man 4.med 8I, was fully cocamitted to take his (tital fer' or.ing to teinature of " Cooper and Levey'" to a qssn'tity of notes of one pound each, pusporting to be Waterloo Ware. hoeuse notes, and a man named Byfield (the epprover)'was adnmitted to ball in hin own re comiEnico of £l)O.-On Tuesday a rowing meaeh was contoestoed etweoot the Ciusto?as e11y and a eitter belonging to the oflcers of 39th we ll?ent, called the RedReverr the hi-ata e n a signal given frmk the C'r' ". wa t.tf-war, rd madi the besd of tbeir saes mt.a4 Ordeda Ilaled, .a4 thalt ?ealle fir te l.a a acaia,. Si a wat is, tallats style by the ??eternmetCaur, leiving the unhappy Red. eIeer.seteral lengths astera. Another mateh is in contemplation, in whiek native youths are so sma the boats.--The C!yd.edale had arrived.at_ Hobart Town when the Soterreign left.--On .Satrday lass the car penter of the.brig Courirr, while employed, furlihg. saila, fell frou, the fore-topsail yar4, and if the. fore-bowling had not brought him up, would have been dashed to pieces ; as it was, he received censiderable injury,and was immediately conveyed to the hbspitaL.OltrI readers who.are in the habit of perusing. I,,ta (ion .papers, .may recollect a person aimed Ikey Solomons having escaped froaqthie cus tody of two Bow-street,utlicerss. "(whlom 'he bribed) ,hile preeeding from 'Westminster hall to Nervgate, whertehe had,bees opplnlug forJudge's bail, and was net heard of until it was ascertained that'he had gone to Van Die men's Land, whiths? lifs wife had been duly transported for receiving the same stolen pro perty. Two Bow-street runners were sent to Van Diemen's' Land to arrest him under a Warrant fr6t,, the Secretary of State. ' Ac cordingl.y. on their arrival there they took him into custody, and rill return with him to London by the first vessel. . SLiraEsi Couisr, bioxiwAr:-The Court opened.this day, when Air. Justice S'rtrts?N took his'. seat tir the 'trial of the following prisoners : 4ernimder Strewr: was indicted for presen ting iagaded piasotatd snapping it.at Edward I Uther, at Parramaita, with intent akill,, ,dis... figure, disab e, or. do some grievous - bodily harm to him, to wit on the 2lst October last. It appeared in evidence, that prisoner lived in Uther's house at Parramatta; that on the day in queationbe was seen by Uther to go through his gate with a pair of trowsers which belonged i to Uther. On the latter questioning him, he I stated that he had bought them in Sydney for 1 12s. 6d. which he could prove To prevent a, disturbance, Uther sans a man who lodged in his 1 house to endeavour to persuade hint to deliver them up, which the prisoner at .length did; ; prisemer then went for a wheel-barrow, and I said lhe would move his boxes ; Usher refused to permiit him to do this till he had examined them; he opened the lid tf one of them, when prisoner took up a pistol which was at hand, and putting it to Uther's breast, pulled the trigger, when it flashed iII the pan; the pistol. contained four buck shot e.d a heavy a charge of powder. Guilty- Re?manded.. . I Thomas Ashtori was capitally indicted for a rape on the person of Elizabeth Price a girl aged ten years, at Parramatta, on the 3rd Oct tober last. Mr Kerr conducted the prosecu- tion. Mrs. Buckley stated, that she remembered the last races at Parramatta ; witness was ac quainted with the girl Elizibeth Price, who with her own daughter went to the races. They did not return the same evening. Wit ness heard that a man had taken them off the race course; witness did not know prisoner previously to this transaction. Mrs. Bowen stated, that she lived about a mile and a half from Parranmatta on the Liver pool Road. She knew the prisoner at the bar and saw him with Elizabeth Price and Mary Buckley on a Sunday Morning, the 14th of October between eight and nine o'clock ; wit ness took the girls both home to their several mothers. John Bowen stated, that he took the pri soner into custody on the 4th of October last; witness saw him coming down the Li verpool-road; the two girls were walking be hind him. Their clothes were much torn and they were crying ; witness took prisoner into custody, having heard that some man had ta ken the children off the race course; the pri soner when taken into custody, stated he was a free man but had lost his certificate; witness did not question him respecting the children. Elizabeth Price aged 1 years stated, that she was in company on the day in -question with another little girl, named Ann Buckley -on the race course. During the races the prisoner came up and asked them to 'go with him into the Bush and gather some-berries; txnder this pretence he coaxed thien out to the Liverpo,,l-roa:l and to,,k tlhewt into tht bush: it was. thou nearly dusk ; he, then told them he could not end the way to take them'home and that they must sraep there all night j.pri soner then pulled somne bushes and made them lie upon them. After a short the they heard a noise of some person calling, which witness knew to be her mother, and a pistol was also tired it was then quite dusk; pri. soner said it was bushrangers ; on witness and the other girl attempting to call oat. prisoner got behind a tree and said, the ghost and devil would come if they did not hold their tongues; in a few minutes the noises died way., The prisoner then bean to take liberties with the witness, who bhere narrated with much natural modesty, the brutal villainy of the prisoner at the bar. After he had deeply outraged the per sronr of one, he then attempted the same iniquity towards Ann Buckley;'n.wshieh however Ihe did tint succeed; in the morning, prisoner said he would take them'hosbe, and he brorughtthems i.to the liverpool-road, where he was appre headed, and they were taken home, (This witness was corro'orated in her statement hy the testimony of the other little girl Ann B'uckley Dr. ke*rwin of Parramntta stated, that he was called upon on Sunday the 4th October to examine the body of Elizabheti Price. He found that violence of the worst kind had been used towards her person. Witness was of opinion however the violence might have been casedsd b;otger eircumatances; after examining the child,'witness requested Dr. Anderson to exa. mine her. They had ditlirnuity in swearing that the prisoner was the man who satually committed the aet of violoene. 'IThe risolsner when ealled upon for his de. fence said, that he knew nothing of the trea. sactiton. The learned Judge then reviewed the evi dence, and begged the Juary to divest them selves of any of those irritable fesling wehich were likely to be entertaiaed in a case like the ene before them. The Jury after. a coasul tation of ten misutes, found the prisoeer Gwilty --Renaaded. T'uclte.--Judge LStephea having taken his seat. on the bench, preeeded to pate srentence of death upon Uamuel Stewart, (convicted un der Lord Ellenborengh's act of an atterapt to sheet Edward Uther) and also on Thomans .dhtin, (oeenrvieted of na rape upon the person of EliSiabeth Price, a little girl aged 10 years.) Mr. Stephen wasrnaed Sho to entertain no hope of mercy in this worrld, as shortly they would be arleorodinto_the presOence of their MBtkor, to wheon alone they could look for for givoneos. WEDNESDAY.—Amos Crisp and George Graham were indicted for stealing at Liver- pool, three oxen, one heifer, and one cow, the property of Harriet Hanks, on the 24th of October. The prisoners were both acquitted without entering upon their defence, the evidence We are happy to learn, that the ? storm ast pper :?fanter' Riytr, while ifdestreved the crope of -oe or two settlers, and cut Hu a j thin uairgih-of theos of others, did not on the whole destroy much wheat. We understa d hoerevor, *that.-n.a old end industrlous.Esti grant Settles; (Mr. J. Rottes, formerly our de puty Zhe i i) has had his crop levelled wilt] the grtond as completely as if it had been reaped. This Gentleman has a wife and fa mily, and is very unable to bear up against so signna and unlooked for a calamity. Mr. Shea, whesl arrival has beet announ red in the. papers as the clerk of 1Mr. 'herry· Commissioner' of our Court of Requests, hais been admitted as ar Attorney.. in Dublin, and intends we understand t- apply for admission as a practitioner in our Courts here. We are set of the opinion with some, that our Courts here are over done with practitioners. Compiti. 'ioa in law, is as necessary to secure to the pub lie industry and moderate charges, as iti i in: trade. If competition induce low practice, as some allege, it is the fault of the profession anid of the Courtf not' to put it.down, by striking every venal • Attorney .off the Rolls as his delinquencies make their appearance. T'he public here have no more right than the p?blie of England, to be ridden by a monopoly of Attorneyship, mierely because a false lens e?cyrmay be exercised towards venal Practi tionre. ""' Eingland expects every man to do his duty" said a gtrat warrior; this is true in other. professions besnides .that of war. 'A daring robbery was committed'about 9 o'clock on Wiednesay..morniag week, on the estate of the Rev. Sauur.i. MrasorN, at Prospect-hill. Two armed btshrangers entered the ovens.er's ut. 'in which were the overseer's wife, ahd a young man, servant on the farm, both of whom were treated with considerable violence by the robbers, who threate?sd to shoot the man if he offered the least resistance. They then 'proceeded to searich the but, and carried off a gun, some meal; and a quan tity of clothing belonging to the labourers on the farm, who were then at work not far from the scene of depredation. Shortly after they had departed; she overseer same in, and .heia made acquainted with what had taken place, went in pursnit,'aceomp-anied by'one of the men ; but on comiing up with 'the robbers, they threatened to shoot them if they did not return. (1) The buksraa gers were both young men. and, from their accent, appeared to be natives of Ireland. They had on duck troweers. blue jackets, and black hats ; and such was the deliberation with which they carried on their proceedings, that the ovenseer's wife states, she would be able to identify shbm at say time. Our informant says, there is little doubt but that they would have committed-murder if they hid bnen epposed, from the undisguised tmanner in which they. perpetrated tie robbery, in the open day, cn laud eieared to a Considerable exteat on every said, aid aimost within might of five men who were working or, the farm.-(Gasaste.) . ...... a rri ~ .lbllIr 