Extracts I . FROM, pure, LATEST. FILE OF LOO CllOO Pl(s?ER-S. " After a suspense of some duration, the Inspector Geie raising of Police has been at length filled up by the genuine. son of the last named personage to the list of supposed pro- babilities. Upon his leaving Lqn Hoo, one of those by lesques called headdress was got up by Some- of the inhabit ants, as a testimony of their high respect and esteem. It re- minds us of a circumstance which happened a few years ago, when a man who had passed through a long life without its being discovered that he was blessed with a single good quality, and who at last died from suffocation after a drunken fit, had no sooner given up the ghost, than many excellent qualities were brought to light-hence a saying arose, he who would be handed must die , but he who would be even sized must be based We apprehend, however that the new Inspector sensitive enough to attribute to its true source the fulsome adulation so dead " , " The Honorable Would be Highest High, Esquire, has at length, it is presumed, found a resting place Hitherto he has acted the part of" a sort of Master of the Ceremonies to others, waiting their places as it were, being e/T ready to act any part which might be required, at the shortest notice, and thanks to a tolerable A, B, C education assiduity in business, and a certain clinging to great people, He has been moved to induct himself into camp good things. His departure horn Nong Tvoo was regretted by a few of the inhabit- ants;, but on the other hand a Jubilate was sang on the occasion by many others " There has been some idle story afloat, at the instance of a poor silly driller, named Myrçioodlt. and another, pipe i mg a band of ass assists, AJC are said to be in the neighbourhood of Guam Hoo ; but, upon is being enquired into by the Inspector of Police, the report was spouted with the contempt it deserved " r " Equal bad taste v vicious feeling his been shown by t! o raking up a certain scandalous story relating to some of the branches of the (Imperial family, of at least thirty years' standing He caterers f r the public reading woo the sexes titute the Press are every where deservedly reprobated.." [The further extracts from the Loo Choo papers, prepared for publication, circumstances have induced us to postpone for the present 