FASHION OF CONDUCTING IN QUESTS AT THE PARRAMATTA FEMALE FACTORY. We promised on Friday last not to let the facts disclosed by a Correspondent, who figured in one of our columns of that day, under the signature H.T. pass without comment on the first favorable op- portunity . That pledge we now redeem. The letter to which we allude, it will be fresh in the recollection of a majority of our readers, had references to the secluded asylum called ---the Female Factory or pe- nitentiary at Parramatta; and it detailed an act of assumed authority, which to say the best of it, we conceive, to be most blame- worthy, and what is more--as liable to be viewed with strong suspicion. The letter signed H . T. (and we believe every tittle of it) goes to declare that on Monday se'nnight, hearing an inquest had been convened by the Coroner at Parra- matta, the Female Factory there ---H. T. in the exercise of his vocation, knocked at the gate and demanded admission of the portress, in order that he might report the proceedings then pending before the Coro- ner. The gate-keeper referred the mat- ter to the Matron, who without further re- ference, flatly refused admission to the reporter, -and commanded the door of en- trance to be shut in his face. In vain did H. T. importune the relenting MATRON -- in vain did he explain the object of his em- bassy ---in vain did he strive to pave the way for admission by asking to see one or two or more of the jurors, and we think he can venture to say that he was willing to leave the question of his admission to the arbitration of the Coroner and jury. Nei- ther fair straightforward demands, nor ex- postulations, nor prayers, nor entreaty, nor any mode of appliance would gain the RE- PORTER admission within the indomitable walls of this most recluse and sanctified asylum. So he was even forced to content himself with keeping watch outside the gate for the reappearance of the Coroner and jury, who, on emerging from the walls of the said sanctuary, protested they know nothing of H. T.'s request to be admitted ; and several of the jury expressed much mortification and regret that he had not been present to view the corpse of the deceased female, to investigate the cause of whose demise they had been convened ; as well to take notes of the proceedings, that both might be rendered public. All consequently that H. T. could col- lect about the matter, was this, that the de ceased woman was. sworn to have been in apparent good health the day before, and that she gave up the ghost during that night, or next morning — that the body was of a livid hue, whilst the face and other parts were as black as ink and that they recorded a verdict, of what purport we have no certainty. Such is the concurrent report of the inquest which assembled upon this occa- sion. Now at the present stage, we do not mean to assume, that the woman already alluded to came by her death unlawfully. But why all this opposition on the part of the MATRON, to making the enquiry pub- lic! If there were nothing to conceal, no- thing to apprehend, surely there could be no need of privacy. Mystery always begets sus- picion; and wherever mystery is studiously and needlessly observed, at least for any public good, we never fail to infer that something wrong lurks at the bottom. With every allowance therefore for natural petu- lance and private spleen-— contrasting the appearance which the corpse is stated to have exhibited, with the marked and ar- bitrary exclusion of one who asked only to be present in order to report and render public the proceedings and the Inquest, --- we certainly cannot view the matter before us without suspicion; nor presume that all could be right which called for such arbi- trary exclusion -such apparently studied concealment. True, the Coroner was in duty bound, and, his Jury were on their oaths to "well and truly inquisition make," and to record an honest verdict - yet why in this instance endeavour to remove that salutary restraint which the consciousness of a snug privacy may throw off upon occasion; but which an apprehension that every word and act is likely to become public property, seldom or never fails to create, preserve and strengthen; and of the good effects of secret inquisitorial pro- ceedings, of all things the most baleful and hateful in a British society, we have seen too much in safe conscience to desire their continuation here, under any form of Go- vernment whatever, whether as respects courts of justice of every denomination. Superior and inferior, much less gaols penitentiaries, and other receptacles for vice, degradation or misfortune, which has been the wise practice of the comm?? ??? to the very tim? of feud ?nnarch ??wards to the present, to render ?palpable as the Sun at noon day; heaven forbid that this ?? and whole ?practice should ever give ground in any Italianised improvements upon it at Botany Bay! But putting aside the suspicion which mystery of the kind described most natur- ally begets, we will take up a different position, and ask whether it was any cir- cumstance connected with the death of the deceased Factory woman, that caused the Reporter to be scared away as described by the Matron of that secluded establish- ment, or the apprehension that three very good sized tubs of cabbage, meat, &c; boiled in soup, might be observed making a journey to the hog trough, in order to eke out refection for sundry, pigs and poultry, and so be reported? Or did both reasons preponderate! i;'- To hear it stated' ihwt the inmates of thw: Fernnle FactoryHwero blessed with aau :perabundahce of -nutriment, vegetable »nd aiiimal, so that h plentiCul imrplu* would always reniuin for hoj^s and poultry, and .other'neceHsary pu rposes,— would be;N ews indeed .'But -where two such p.-wer(u.l causes for not' conning publicity, chi* need tb. .chirrie in hunnoniotisly tog,*ther, -we fcuiijd lipt ;sb much exprt^H snrprist'*- we rh(i*t needs con Cess, as iiidig-nntioii at the, a.rbitr';irv.uxc!irsiori ot''«iu'r »-kporter. We.jl'.v riot liow'ti-r altjv actual propf i-f etiipabiiity to any individual inlhe caso be.foro us? We have stilt rd a ft«,w -fuels* a'tid from, th- m ffo have d't-diiced'a few ix ^?ERENCUS., These rimy or nu» ,v not be er roneous.- 'One way or the oth^r, notwith standing *the party concerned i« called unori for an exphutoUon, not alon' to the Coinr mittee (a mjijoriiy «»f wfuVn* are ouonei n.t,) Tor managinif the h flair k of the ??? F.e.u:a:-a (I ) 'Factory ,'-bui xo the Public. at large, 'whose interests ar-t not to be'rmAangereil by se cret 'inquisitions, utisu{»portt-il by any reasonable 'neC'*!Aflity, anil : th«' leant Of. whose- circumscribed privdeges is nt all events not to permit thut the econV-my of any public' entRbliHlmiiMJt sliould be kept profoundly secret, or slu'rred^-ov'er in any covert way, i though at- -Botniiy Biiy ! .We have not y«»t;done with the subject ; and until some public satisfaction be made, those concerned iimy rest as sured that with us it will net readily find a resting' plsce..}^ ??-??'--' ??; ?.;».'?..?.?.'?.? --.j-- '.-?;. The ssleof the I^A:c,ln.AH esta.tb on Wednes. day ?. evening- next*: will present a ; focus' .of. . attrac. tion we. expect, anditheie will, he a strong muster of good judge---this land tieing ran ked universally'; imongst.the most prrtrivisin^ prope: ties about town. ' In 'the niean while 'we can sgaiii r«'cpminend f lie''1 tdveiiisemitnt in 'another page retfccting the sale, tu- the periwal ol our readers; .» . t -, ^ ;- --??-; *: ?? ? It is a singular fact that the whole of Mri; Samuel Tferry'i: range of brick : buildings,. in Pitl-slre^t, five in number, are inha bited by professors of, the /«.«. So that Pitt former Iy ., may , now be . called. -*? la wy ers' row.!'-:,,-:,: ^ n-:-.:; ??-., ?' Vr...\\\ ;,^-r,w- .rl . Heverjal rdfaWr? -.were met oh, Wednejiduy last, on their way towards Parramatta, labouring under the weight of bags of dollars, in J*X|iectJiiioii ''-of ?rpii.rcliasiji'g^ the »-el tier's proiluue, and' payiiip dollais at.the rate of 5s. pacii, ?cliiickljnjr «ver' tlie' iifei- of jpei'tifiV ? them back, .again \tor«iorr.»w at ,4s. 2d. .all nerliripr--Tin-ibing'vl»ut srerlinij;. *?,?:. : ,-;4.';' .. Our, fatly |»nhiioation of tv.hitl -.pMstd at the Meeting on Monday evening, we ttrni»t, wili v,ap|»rlR» i'l^e'...settlters-.,in; tiaie^s.^ ;,jis- tn, thwart thrfcimv»»h trlckn of these forestaiUer*. ? The Paid OnVisl,iu#4nH to maite a.gnpd. thing oat. of (Jhursii and .State, we-ftnd, and* the very good discourse prrathcil liy Mr. Archdeacon l$rou|phton, on Thurxlay, the : 1 2th inMtKiit.r—'I'.itlo ' The ' Counsel and IMttasure of -»--'! ,in t he Vici»-itu/lf ? of ;Staifs snd Coinimtni'ie«,'exomplin«d, in no**' under llie tvp'»'» -''ands, »n-l s»ylll- he.p.ublishedi'and . told but next week, to . such a« choosu to.buy t(ie. Tracts,, hy '.direction o,f his ICxcellciifiv ; the ? Governor' --vrry excellent , truly, . And; the diffusion; of iliis yery good, moral -iid/ spiritual PiReo«r*e »yi.J.lip.i»t ;inonry, nodouhi, , in the .Oi-»'ernment l*ri liter's 'p-v-li«J»», ?hus. httluing' to praise. at, oiMMind th«, Kame 'time htiih '* Uoil'und iMaiuinon.' j ;? ... ; . r ., .? Mr. Ctiihbert, the late proprietor of the PiiriiiHiHtla coaclitts, ia on the point of es», titblishiug.a coach to rUn from Farrumalla ^p Windsor. .?-?:,-'.. . ,. . . ; -1 A seaiiitin of ih* Amity was. buried* on Wednesday afternoon with nuval. honors, having corns to hia death through hard drinking. : ' , «- ? Plum* were selling in the market yesler day at 2s. Hd. per dosen. . Since the late bouniiful rainn have. given eattie on -pasture, before very ind-(Tereiit indeed, a fresh bite, a regular revolution has taken place in this b 'ufvf* broingrhi to j market, and if ?? tlje 1 1 on ,l th&\- C«jlf»rUal ;S»b- j cretarjr1*. does not liiok very shiirp iitrer^tlie I pastures', KtM butter will he cii.t ??o.iit;*oji 'tfte.. ntnrket. We once thought the- 11-nr _ but-. ter very good, and ««» U was during; the dry season compared; with the coiiunodity .of other bntltjr^miTchiiritfi ?who ' lud' but len'.i pastures. Now, thiinks to proviifi?t-cc utiri tlit* rain -some pliioeiun btitt.«!r wo ha v*.1 pur- taken of, beBts, ~i\\\e'\'/io.'.:oWt 4v coniuiudity loir, even that, for lia'le 't Mr. Caleb \Vil son's new shop iii-Gv'orge-slreHt,— and »«♦ iufinitVly elieaper tool :--Vet'it(iitistbeow--ted that tho vender of .nonuridt.'te butter is nut a ; competitor to b« Kncoiwd at. ' :. !On Snturdtty morning- tbV,punt at Enui Ford filled and »u nk cJokh lo Nliure. Ii i's nif old saying and a trt?»« orie,- -'The nioru. hniste the worse spend.' This punt. would 'not have gone to tin; bottom, it stu'ivt', htil for aij jiwk.wnrd' nml' careleM trick' of a ,'«i|ibpiu''rd,*-\«h6 drove « large flock of sliwep. ' ri«*h Hnt«fthe'wniiit-.w liuti-ihe siiuV p cro «??«]- hit tugMthur for prnli'ctiou tuwnrds one I'tijd.'cniisi'd the punt to dip; in thin port.' ,nid iHcknig-rfr flui'cif'VV-iil'rlt'ig * UnMLMtt-, to* i'^'tjln (jnuluully- downwHrd«, until of-'tlii' vcitiiorous fioek, a/i the cilcl ? p'o'tf 1 HoR./if-1- ' ; ? '??Ivltilii nuhtnH ttp'iiuriibiiUt in guryitrt'vasto.' ;'??? litti nouo-of thu i|c»i.'jcyjK.wiuim.^rK.8ijffeT-* jtlin ntfmbt^i tljatWt haviil heiufd o.fj'by r(lit»jsa6ciUi9rt'l:.# .?:«'.» -???;{??.? ?»?«'?? vv rv -.v^ 