THE HOBART-TOWN COURIER. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1829. TRADE AND SHIPPING. Arrived on Snturday the brig Fairfield, Captain J. Booth, from London, 24th September, with 18 packages earthenware, Tho. Hewitt, 2 ditto Milita- ry clothing, officers commanding 40th regiment, 10 ditto gunpowder, apparel, hats, millinery, haber- dashery, cottons, tar, cutlery, ironmongery and glass ware, Kemp & Co. 2 boxes millinery, ditto, 1 do. apparel, Lieutenant Skardon, I ditto ditto, John Bisdee, 1 pun. brandy, G. Cook, 5 casks glass ware, Mrs. Wood, 1 package medicine, John Kerr, 8 ditto haberdashery and apparel, Richard Willis, and sundry goods consigned to Capt. Booth, to order, and various merchandize to Sydney. Pas- sengers- Mr. J. Tingcombe, Messrs. Henry Shuttle- worth, Samuel Dring and James Allen. Agent, Capt. Wilson. On Thursday the bark Alice, Capt. Todd, from Sydney 31st January, with a general cargo of mer- chandize. Passengers- Cap. Wright (late of the Prince of Denmark) Miss Adams, Mr. Melville and Mr. F. Meyers. Agent, Mr. Turnley. Same day the ship Borneo, Capt. R. M. Whichele from Sydney 1st inst. with 187 packages of various merchandize, 39 gum planks, 60 camp ovens, 25 boxes tin plates, 43 ditto window glass, 87 jars oil, 1 case, a printing press, 3 anchors and chains, 100 tons iron, 2 hbds, and 10 quarter casks Madeira wine. Passengers- Mr. Smith, Lady and 6 children and servants. Agent, Mr. John Kerr. Same day the ship Royal George, 486 tons, Capt. Rob Embleton, from Port Jackson 1st inst. with a detachment of the 63d regiment,consisting of 95 rank and file, an 13 women and 11 children. The ship Mary, 375 tons, Captain Laccock, has cleared at the Custom house, for Sydney, with the goods originally shipped for that port. Passengers Messrs. Foxall and Wallace, from England. Agents, Kemp and Co. The ship Harmony, Capt. Ireland, is intended to sail in a day or two for Port Jackson, in ballast. Agent, Mr. John Kerr. The duty on the importation of kangaroo skin into England is reduced to 5 per cent, ad valorem. We trust none of our stock-keepers will be misled by this intelligence to suppose that they can get a bet- ter price for the slaughter of this harmless and most useful animal in Van Diemen's land. The Governor Ready arrived at Sydney on the 15th of January, from Cork 21st of September, with 200 male prisonere. Surgeon, Dr. Wilson. H. M. S. Crocodile, 28 guns, (a new ship) Capt. Montague, has been despatched by the Home Govern- ment more fully to explore Swan river and to form a settlement. Captain Stirling of the Success, who first ascertained its eligibility for this purpose, is onboard we learn with his family, to settle on its banks. H.M.S. Bombay, 83 guns, just built at Bombay, has sailed for England with the crews of the Fly and Cyrene. Sugar was becoming scarce at Sydney, and had risen several pounds a ton. The Australian brought little from the Isle of France. An instance of the expedition with which some of our colonial manufactures can now be completed oc- curred the other day in the supply to the Commissa- riat of 5000 lbs. of mould candles. In little more than a week after his tender was accepted Mr. Watchorn had made and delivered them at the King's Store. Our English readers in the tallow line will be astonished to learn this being done in the middle of our summer, for in England it would be in vain to attempt to make a mould candle during more than half the year, from Aries to Libra, whereas, the wholesome coolness of our nights in Hobart town admits of their being made at any season of the year. A very respectable meeting of the friends and sup- porters of the Bethel Union was held in the great room at the Commercial tavern, Wharf, on Tuesday evening. A very gratifying report of the proceedings of the Society was read to the company by Mr. Rob- inson, from which it appeared that upwards of 1500 teamen had had the benefit of Divine service being performed on board the vessels in the harbour during the past year, from audiences of from 60 to 100 at a time. The total produce of the sperm whale fishery at Sydney from the 4th June 1825 to the 9th Jan. 1829, amounted to 1272 tons, required in eleven voyages of 2232 tons of shipping. This at an average of £70 per ton in the London market, amounts to £89040. There were exported from Sydney during the last year 800,000 lbs. of wool 150,000 lbs. of which were the produce of Van Diemon's land. This falls consi- derably short of the total export of that article during the same period from this island. The consumption of foreign spirits is considerably on the increase at Sydney, last year to the amount of nearly 30,000 gallons over 1827. In Van Diemen's land it has continued nearly stationary, but the con- sumption of Cape & French wine has been very con- siderable, as well as of London porter, which last is re- tailed from the inns in town at 2s. 6d. per bottle. The 266 bales of Sydney wool ex Elizabeth, Col- lins, sold at the public sale, London, on the 12th of September at an average of 11 1/4d. per lb. Some of our Van Diemen's land wool now in the harbour and on the voyage will leave, we presume, our elder Australian neighbours little to boast, including Mac- arthur's and all, of their superiority as to quality or quantity in the article of wool. The Sophia, Elley, with 190 male prisoners arrived at Sydney on the 24th ult. Considerable quantities of new wheat have been, sold during the week at 10s. a bushel ; bread con- tinues at 6d. a loaf. Cape barley is sold at from 3s. 6d. to 4s. 6d. per bushel, English do. from 6s. to 7s. Oats 8s. a bushel. Hay £5 to £7 a ton. Straw £1 a load, or £3 per ton. The price of live stock and of beef and mutton undergoes little variation. Horses keep up their price ; and our late importa- tions having so much improved them, they are likely soon to become one of our most valuable exports. In order to mix our English breed with the Arabians of India, Captain Hays has purchased a yearling filly by Peter Fin for 80 guineas, to be exported in the Reliance for this purpose. Mr. F. Bryant has also bought a yearling filly by Viscount for 100 guineas. The Medway, Wight, touched at Penambuco on her voyage to Liverpool, which she left on the 23rd July. The Lalla Rookh was totally lost in Pondicherry roads in March last. The Swiftsure, Johnson, for this port, was at Ports- mouth on the 15th September, having her top sides caulked, a very necessary precaution for a ship be- fore proceeding on a long voyage, after lying most of the summer months loading in the London docks. WOOL.--From tho London prire Current, Sept. IG.-247 bales Australian wool, ¡id. to 2s. Id. per lb, 80 ditto Danish fleeco wool 7|d. to Is. G^d. ; 30 ditto Spanish wool, (worked after the manner of German, a novelty,) Is. 3d.lo 2s.; 14Í) do. Spanish wool, R.F. and S. Is. l\i. to Is. 2d. ; 10 ditto Ger- man wool Is. Id.; IO do. do. (damaged), 0 bags Is. 4d. to Is. 6id.(I bag 4s. 2d.). Tho late arrivals are considerable, but the stocks are still light, with a steady demand ; the inferior descriptions are rather on the advance.. Van Diemen's land hopi, of a very superior qua- lity, are advertised for sale by ihe merchant» of Sydney. The* Australia arrived at Sydney on the 20th of January, from the Isle of France, willi a cargo of rice. The Mary arrived at Sydney from Hobart town on the 21st of January, and the Lang on the following day. The Snrry, Dacre, arrived at Sydney on the 21st January, from Loudon 23rd August, with goods and passengers. The last dividend of the Bank of Australia, was at the rate of 16 per cent, per annum. The Sugar crop at the Mauritius is very deficient this season, and freights to London are as low as 30s. per ton. The ship Coronet arrived at Launceston on Mon- day from Sydney, to load for London. Same day the Prince Leopold from Hobart town. The ship William Hannington was taking onboard 700 sheep, at George town, and was to sail for Sydney on the 11th. Sugar of tolerable quality, in the market at St, N Louis, was selling as high as 6½ dollars per lOOIbs. French, and syrup about 5. One mercantile house, it is said, has lost the enormous sum of 20,0001. be- ing unable to obtain freight after having chartered the vessels. The Magnet has sailed from Sydney with colonial produce for England. The Vittoria and Sophia, as well as the Governor Ready, with prisoners, had also arrived. Tho Old Bank at Sydney, we learn, after having accepted of the terms of His Excellency the Gover- nor, and received 5000lb. in silver, upon rigidly ex- amining their books and the state of their affairs, found themselves in a better condition than was an- ticipated. By pressing the acceptors of overdue bills for payment, they were speedily enabled to re- pay the Governor, and to continue their banking bu- siness on the usual terms. Although (here is no doubt much depression in the trade of Sydney,we,believe itto be much exaggerated. The prices of retail goods cotitinue nearly as high as ever, and quite as much, if not more is daily «old across the counter. The Rev. Mr. Bedford left town on Wednesday, on a visit to the interior, and it is supposed he will proceed to Launceston to assist the Rev. Chaplain there in his new and trying duties at the approach- ing awful execution. The Rev. Mr. Conollly had already proceeded thither. We have so frequently inveighed against the wan- ton slaughter of kangaroos, that again to mention the ?ubjcct'may appear tiresome. Wc would however, 'suggest to such stockkeeper's and others of the game description, who cannot refrain from imbruing their hands in blood of some kind or other, the much greater profit tbey might derive from killing and flaying the very numerous birds of beautiful plumage that cover our bushes and injure our corn fields.. Many a lady about'Park lane and Grosvenor square would be proud of n muff nnd tippet formed of ihe feathered skins of our native parrot, of various species and end- less variety. In China too such things are highly prized. A Chinese jtmk lately ' arrived at Canton from Tavoy, with 100,000 bird «kins in feather, which were sold at 40 dollars per 100. They are used for ornamenting Chines« dresses of ceremony. How much more desirable it would he to pay for our tea mid silks by n few bales of the skins of these des- tructive birds, rather than by dolíais ! It pains us during the summer season in this country frequently to observe the devastation occa- sioned on the garden vegetables, and even the grass of the field by the slug, the grub and the grasshopper. When there is a promise of a continuance of dry weather, which may be geneially understood by ob- serving the pluses of the moon, it will well repay the cultivator to «trew the grouud with caustic lime, which may be bought daily at the jetty at a very mo- derate price, until the surface is quite «bite. It is instant destruction to every slug or grub it fall» upon, and those whom, it misses are destroyed by their coming in contact with it, when moving in search of food. We should never bo deterred from using o«y of the Bscful or ornamental cdglngsj for which many of our native shrubs are so well ad.ipted, round our garden walks, by any apprehension of these animals, which by proper management may thus be so easily removed. A very striking mark of improvement ¡n the gar- dening and agriculture round, Hobart town, appears in the avidity with which the manure of our stables and othar places has this summer been bought up and carted away. Formrrly ihe inns and slaughtering bouses used to pay something for it» removal, or at least be thankful lo the person who look it away, but now ai good a price per load can be obtained as at any of the mew« of the weit end or London, in the close vicinity of the market gardens. Gardening, or the elucidation of the beauties of natnic, is indeed a favourite theme of ours, though the limits of our editorial chair seldom allow us to indulge in their contemplation, except so far as the pinks and rose« on the verdant^ ground of ita ohïht/. cuver. For tbi«, reason we must animadvert on the imprudent, not to say dangerous practice, so general in ourtummer eveViings, of burning heaps of dried weeds in the gardens abont town. A more uneco- nomical, unscientific method, says Mr. Johnston, the celebrated horticulturist of Great Tatham, Essex, in the last Gardener'» Magazine, of reducing them to a slate beneficial to the land, of which they were the re- fuse, cannot be devised. If they were conveyed tu a hole or pit, and with every single hoise load, and willi barrow loads in proportion, a bushel of salt and half a bushel of lime wer« incorporated, it would in a few mouths form a mas» of decayed compost of the most fertilising quality, the lime retsiniu^ many of the gases evolved Juriiig'thcpulrifaction of the vegetable matter, and the silt and it combining to destroy noxious animals which might firm n nidus in the mais. By this plan nearly all the carbonaceous mat terof the refuse vegetables aro retained, by burning nearly all of them arc disiputed. A puhlio nuilee from the Police Magistrate at Swan port, warns John Wade, jim. Walter Redpath, Rirluid Al organ, Alexander Buchanan, Francis Dailey, Thomas Swift, -'Pranks, - Palmer, and others, not to trespass willi cattle and sheep on land not belonging to them, at Prosser's plains, on pain of being dealt with according to law. Mr. Smith and family who have arrived by the Borneo, to settle in Van Diemen'» land, were passen gara thither by the Henry Wellesley, but after seeing both colonies have fixed their élection on this. A most audacious attempt was made tne other day by some of the female prisoners in the crime class of the House of Correction, to set the building on fire. It was fortunately discovered in time to prevent mischief, and the delinquent* punished. We have often heard it remarked, that when a wo- man is bad «he is bad inde«d, and we believe it. It is a curions fact, that the population of Van Diemen'* land alone is now as great us that of both these colonies taken together amounted to in 1817. At that time lhere were 17,105 sonls in New South Walo«, and 3,214 in Van Diemen's land, amounting in the whole to 20,379. It is reported that both the Royal Staff Corps and the New South Wales Veteran Company of these colonies are about to be reduced. The trial of criminal cases in the Supreme Court, it is expected, will commence next week. The Gaol is full and many of the prisoners charged with very heavy crimes. We have had the pleasure to receive the first num- ber of the Launceston Advertiser, a weekly paper pub- lished on Monday last. It is highly creditable as a first attempt, and we wish it every success, Joseph Moulds, one of the three bushrangers capi- tally convicted at Launceston, and who is about to suffer for his offences, has confessed himself guilty of the horrid murder, about six years ago, of Mrs. Donatty, in John street, Bedford row, which excited so strong a sensation at the time, in London. We do not recollect that any of our botanical visi- ters has remarkad the beautiful phosphuric fungus which is at ti is season to be found in full luxuriauce on our hills. It is branched, or rather umbelliferous, from 8 to 10 or more stalks proceeding from one trunk, forming an umbel of about 6 or 8 inches in di- ameter. At night, or in a dark room, when fresh gathered, a very strong phosphoric light is emitted from the gills underneath, so strong indeed as to oc- casion a shade, and sufficiently powerful to illuminate a bedroom. We have sincere regret in copying the following passage from the Australian of the 30th January : " We stop the press to announce a deplorable acci- dent.—Mr. Robert Howe, proprietor of the Sydney Gazette, whilst on the water off Pinchgut island last evening between 7 and 8 o'clock, by the upsetting of his boat, we regret to learn, was drowned." We hope and trust this melancholy news is premature. Since writing the above,-our packet of Sydney Gazettes has come to hand, on opening which we had the pain to read the following : CIRCULAR.—To the Subscribers of the SYDNEY GA ZETTE—GAZETTE OFFICE, Sydney, Jan. 31, 1829. It is with the deepest regret that the undersigned has to announce the untimely death of his highly es- teemed colleague, Mr. Robert Howe, who was unfor- tunately drowned, on Thursday evening last, about 7 o'clock, by the upsetting of his boat, near Pinch- gut island. The confusion which so shocking a catastrophe may easily be supposed to have produced in this establishment will, it is hoped, render unne- cessary any apology for the non-appearance of this morning's Gazette ; and to the same cause must be attributed the hasty and imperfect report which is now presented of that mournful event. The feelings of the undersigned are at this moment too deeply agitated to admit of his entering into the affecting de- tails ; but in the Sydney Gazelle of Thursday next, he hopes he shall be enabled to furnish a correct and circumstantial narrative. The funeral will take place- on Monday, leaving the dwelling-house, at Bunker's hill, at 4 o'clock precisely, for St. Philip's church, and thence pro- ceeding to the burial ground. The lamented deceased having occupied so conspicuous a situation in this colony, the public in general are invited to attend his remains to their filial home ; and for any omis- sions that may be observed in the list of special invitations, it it hoped that the cxtensivenev.s of the circle of his friends and acquaintances may be pleaded as a satisfacloiy excuse. RALPH MANSFIFLD. How unexpectedly and iinaumcs aie we called from life into eternity .' We never saw Mr. Howe, but we are intimate with his newspaper, in which he habitu- ated himself to us, as would the periodical visits of a fami'iar acquaintance. He is gone ! With what feelings can we unfold the packet of his productions now before ns, and pel use ils content» ? It is like opening the cerecloth of a dead corpse. The name of the sydney Gazette and of Robert TI awe is so identified, that it seems impossible to separate them. The Rev. Mr .Wilton has resigned his situation of Assistant Chaplain and Master of the Female Orphan School at Sydney, and has, weare sou y to add, pub. lished the concluding number of the Australian Qtiur eily Review. Mr. Cotton, the new ColIirtor.Mr. Lingo, the new Controller of Customs, and Mr. M'Q.ieade, the new Sheriff have arrived nt Sydney, bulweio not expected to euler on tliu duties of oilue uutil the 1st of March. We have had the pleasure to receive a copy of the Australian Almanack,a most useful work. W. Carter, Esq. was yesterday morning sworn in as High Sheriff of the colony, by Hi» Excellency the Governor at Parramatta. - Sydney Gazette Jan, 0. ' Over due bill» of exchange to tho amount of fifteen thousand pounds have been handed over for reoovery to the Solicitor to the Bank of New South Wales_. Australian, SQlli Jan. Colonel Morriset was about to proceed to the Go- vernment of Norfolk island. Several females, we understand, have lately been transported to that settlement. A Dr. Walker at Campbell town, New South Wales has set up what lie calls a set of printing ink works, and sells lils superior ink at 21s. per lb. Sir, Bent has long manufactured his own printing ink ¡II this town, and very good ink it is. It ia one thin-r t" innkuiuk, and another lo pul it to a good use. We collect from tho Sydney Gazette thal some of the best of the New .South Wales wheat has been reaped from that which was self-sown, and that even on the Government farms alone there are from 2 to SOOO ljuslieis of this kind. W<\- hope our northern neighbours are not too old to oLserve this, and take a lesson from Nature. The number of Commissariat clerks sent to Syd- ney by the Home Guveriimeut has been the means of throwing several deserving young men out of employ- ment. This is much to be lcgietlcd at this piusent period of colonial depression. The great Catholic orators of Ireland, now that the thing is nearly settled, as they boast by their vocal exertions, begin to doubt what will become of them when they have no longer any thing io coin» plaiu of. Lord Clifden, who derives an income of 43,0301. a year from Kilkenny, ami spends 501. on that side of the water, attributes allMie miseries of Ireland to tho incapacity of Paddy Grady and Darby O'Kcefe to sit in Pailiameut. Donna Maria di Gloria, the young queen of Por. tuga I, is an uncommonly fine girl. She is ten years of age, tall, well made, fair, and rather pretty. She knows that she is, and acts the lillie Queen. When HpproaJhed she bridles up, and if any person ia pre- sented holds out her baud with a royal air to have it touched by the lips. Lieut, M'Couchy, and Capt. Woodhouse, hoth of the 48th regiment, have been tried by Court Martial at Madras, for the murder of Lieut. Frasci,ofthe lilli native infantry, and acquitted. There is an orange tree in the garden at Versailles, which was planted in 1421, and is still iu full vigour, upwards of 400 years old. Orator Henry Hunt has published n very clever letter against the agitator Daniel O'connell, iu which the latter gentleman says, he has thickly besmeared him with his blacking without any polish at all. The Emperor of China has degraded his brother for being all his lire time an idle, dissipated and vicious profligate, associating with flatterers and sycophants, and has put to death 40 Btidhist priests, without be- nefit of clergy, for having literally turned their tem- ples into a den of thieves. Lord Combermere appears to have much 'difficulty to keep the officers of his army in duo and regular conduct. Conrts Martial are holding every day. In one instance in which Lieut. Burnett and Ensign Anderson, of the 44lh regiment of native infantry, were partly found guilty of conducting themselves in a riotous and disgraceful manner. Lord Comber* mere disapproved the finding of the court, on the ground thal it did not coincide with the evidence ad- duced, which would have proved them guilty of a charge deserving a punishment of at least loss of rank, and if which loss of rank had taken place, other o (li - ccrs equally blamcable would have benefited by the consequent promotion. We can conceive, however, no punishment more severe to men of honour than such a sweeping remark from a commanding officer, and we trust it will be followed by the intended wholesome effect. We quote the following from among the fashion- able arrivals in the Morning Herald, Sept. l8. James Macarthur, Esq. at the Waterloo Hotel, Jer myn street, from New South Wale«. Slavery i» how nearly extinct in Ceylon, since ths declaration of Sir Alexander Johnston, on the 121h Augtist, 1810, when that gentlemen was president of the Council in that island, Montgomery, the sacred poet of the day, has pub- lished a new volume, containing a universal prayer, death, a vision of heaven, and a vision of hell. They are highly spoken of. Mr. Hall, of the Sydney Monitor, advertises that journal for sale, and prefixes as a recommendation to the purchaser his having been found guilty of a libel on the. Venerable Archdeacon Scott, and there- fore he informs the public of New South Wales, that he is deairou» in future to devote himself to (ho less hazardous pursuits of trade. Captain Sturt has forwarded despatches to Gover- nor Darling, from his tour to the interior of New Hol- land. He had not then discovered any fine onuntry. The season was so dry that the travellers rodo oycr the sheet of water and morass seen by Mr. Oxley. Captain Sturt calls it a melancholy country. Mr. Dunlop it is said is appointed Colonial Astro- nomer at Sydney, with a salary of 400l. Captain Ashmore of the Guide is about to become a settler in these colonies. The Dutch have lately formed a settlement, de prndent on that of Batavia in New Guinea, ' Mr. Tyerman the Missionary, died lately in Mada- gascar. Sydney was visited on the 10th January by one of {lie most violent lim ricanes ever known in the colony. It was accompanied with a severe hail storm, and in- numerable windows were broken. We trust that, in consequence of the melancholy fate of its late proprietor.no change will take place in the editorial part of the Sydney Gazette. We aro much pleased with the manner in which the present respectable writer conducts it. M. de Tilly has published memoirs of himself.« most interesting work, which is reaii by every hod». In the police evidence befbregthe committee of the House of Commons the compromising of robberies and felonies appeared a regularly countenanced thing, all in the way of business* as the Bow-street officers said. They compounded directly with the thieves, most of whom ara still at large in full aotivily. A mong the- most notorious arc Cauty, Goodman, and Hayward, associating willi the first noblemen «f th« land as well as the lowest characters, for the last 20 yean. Cauty is a sporting mon, regularly attend» Newmarket and Doncaster races, betting for thoa sands. Whenever they are taken in cuilody, which has only been once or twice, however «omplete ihe case may be agaiust them, it is alway» settled no- body kuows how. , Tho reverend Peter Fenn, «choolmn«ter, was found guilty at the Old Bailey, on the 11 tit of September, of ottering n forged bill of exchange for 150Í. Whiskey is now so cheap lioth in Scotland and Ireland that numerous instances are every day hap- pening of both men and Women drinking themselves lo death. ' Since »team packets have become so common in England, the cockneys think no more of n trip to Paris, Loch lomond, SlafTii, lona, or the other Western islands than they used todo lo go and drink tea and smoke at Bagnidge wells or Hooklev-jii llie-hole. »Many of them ure so delighted with these remote visits, that they already meditate a still more lengthened excursion in a voyage for the benefit of their health and happiness to'Van Dicmcn'.s land, where from the top of Mount Wellington or the hump of the Dromedary they can breathe the air and see the beauties of an opposite hcmiiphtre. 