Shipping Intelligence. On Monday last sailed, for the sperm fishery, the ship Royal Sovereign. Same day sailed, for Port Dalrymple, the schooner Waterloo. On Tuesday last sailed, for London, the ship Ellen, Captain Taylor. Passengers ; Charles Rumker, Esq ; Richard Lewis, Esq. R. N ; Henry Bayly, Esq ; Master N. Bayly ; Master C. Bayly ; James Soames, Esq ; and Captain R. Free. Same day sailed, for Hobart Town, the brig Margaret. The ship City of Edinburgh is announced to sail, for Moreton Bay, this day ; the New Zealander, for New Zealand, and the Leda, for the Cape of Good Hope, to-morrow. Tun present state of the Colony, as re- gards mercantile embarrassment, never was in a more deplorable, if not heartless, condi- tion. Pecuniary involvement has, most un- questionably, reached its acme. But bow can these evils be avoided-or at least re- medied or alleviated ? .This .we augur will be a difficult question to solve. Further evils/ however, may bej prevented. Eng . land must contract her importations to this land for the ensuing two )fears, by which means the first step to relief-will be felt. In the. next place, it will be folly in the creditors of Australia in the Mother Coun- try to look for immediate payment for those hundreds of thousands of pounds which have inundated ourshores for the last 3 or'dyea-s, until theColo'ny beginsto recover itself from an unexpected and unprecedented visitation . of three years' successive droughts. Cle- mency "on the part of the English creditors, and a partial cessation of further importa- tions,' will work wonders for the Colony ; a'nd if Providence should deign to view us withJavorable regards, all will conspire to ""advance AusTnALM," So far for what we would call external means to save us from that species of bankruptcy into which the Colony is apparently becoming more deeply plunged, though perhaps there never was any spot on the face of the globe calculated to become a finer, happier, and 'more prosperous Country than the one we inhabit. Now, then, let us look at things at home. The Banks must do all they can, in a fair and safe manner, to impart indis- criminate assistance. One Bank, it is true, is under sentence of death, and will give up the ghost with the close of the year upon which we have just entered ; but a j ! second Bank must be established. The)1 Government are anxious for the formation ¡I of another Institution, though they have ' imposed terms which induce the extinction i of the Bank of New South Wales. The ' Government, to our view, have astonished " us that any assistance has been proffered, after the-ingratitude the Authorities cxpe- > rienced, on a similar occasion, in 1826. ' The Directors of the Bank of Australia ' have been solicitous for the enthralment ' and ultimate annihilation of the Old Bank < at one of ,tèe -recent Meetings held. The < public, moreover, need a second Bank, I formed upon liberal and respectable prin .ciples. Independent of those efforts to obtain present alleviation of that mercantile . pressure under which we all more or less labour, more diligent attention should be j given lo. .those .multifarious internal re spurccs that Australia enjoys, and which only require the patriotic spirit of enter- | prise, beneath the auspices of a considerate j Government, to biing into play. Our whale fishery-our seal fisheries-our Saxon and our.JVIe ino fleeces our wood, hides, &c.; &c.; &c.; willam the couise of another two .years, at least increase fi om 50 to 100 per «ont. above our piesent -impoits; and we have no hesitation in advancing our con- viction, that, in the lapse of seven years, .o.ur exports will become something like a fair piof:o!t:cn to our im oils but. until such is the fact, we must patiently succumb io the conspqutnees of oui unavoidably pre- carious Miunthn, Some haye hinted the propr ely, in these exigent times, of im- pending the Courts for C months, while «rthers .suggest that the Com l8 should pío ce» d as usual, with the txerptien ol issuing executions. Upon topics like tie e we decline giving our sent ments, bec.uise all that may "be augured in faiour of snell s-u,' gestnns on the, one hand, may be over- whelmed by iff ctual diseus>io'i on tile other. \Vc are of (.pinion, where foiboir .rnce can beixetciscd without injury to the Itlaintiff, that the deftn.laut cairns, at tin'.«» moment, a'l tie chniency th.t can be ex- tend» d. I'or the prêtent* we h iden fioin .«i i topi .. Tue legitimate province of a newspaper is to diffuse correct information, to assist I t in the formation of .public opinion, and to contribute to the fund of rational amuse- ment. For each of these objects we' are endeavouring to make suitable arrange- ments. Of materials for the lighter pur- poses of recreation, we possess, in the popular publications regularly transmitted to us from Europe, inexhaustible resources. As guides to the adoption of sound judg- ment on passing events, we can only pledge, ourselves to studious deliberation, and to a frank and conscientious exposition of the sentiments which that deliberation may load us to entertain. And to obtain the most interesting and authentic intelligence, we have established a costly system of foreign agency, which secures to us" punc- tual communications, byalmost every ship that enters the harbour, on every subject of public interest. ' Here, however, we have not stopped. Feeling anxious to enlarge our sources of information on the important affairs of domestic commence, we have ibis week formed a connexion from which we anticipate the most ample fulfilment of our wishes. Mercantile intelligence is of con- sequence to every country; but to New South Wales, where all classes of the po- pulation arc more or less engaged in tra'llic, and, of course, personally interested in the fluctuations of the market, such intelligence is peculiarly valuable. But, in this depart- ment,' the Sydney Joùrfials' have been confessedly deficient; their sources of com- mercial riews'have been, iti general, emly the" current chit-chat -of the day ; they .have- seldom .given any.thing farther than paragraphic notices, unimportant-in their matter, or questionable iii their claims to confidence ; while those comprehensive views,'and.thafsound and satisfactory dis- cussion, which would result from more un- exceptionable data, would* have rendered the Australian'newspapers a thousand times more serviceable to the coulitry, and more acceptable to 'their , European readers. Their columns, it is true,-have not-been altogether wanting in dissertations on poli- tical economy ; but such dissertations," if not founded upon the-firm basis of authentic statistics, are nothing better than conjec- ture and speculation: they .are theories without practice, .deductions without pre- mises, superstructures, without foundations. That, under such circumstances, the Jour- nals should have fallen into' many egre- gious blunders,-:blarning where they should have praised, andjpraising where they should have blamed,-recommending what should have been . opposed, and opposing .what should have been recommended,-ris not at all a matter of wonder. They were groping in the dark-it was therefore natural that they should stumble ; they were fighting with shadows-what then could they achieve? ... . To remedy these evils,-to open a chan- nel of regular and trust-worthy intelligence, on all subjects relating to our Colonial com- merce, we have entered into an arrange- ment "by-which Mr. Gregson's invaluable Trade /List will be incorporated in the Sydney Gazette, and will be published once every week. The practical usefulness of that mercantile manual, has been acknow- ledged by etery one competent to form an opinion upon its metits; and from the Cham- ber of Commerce, as well as from the most respectable and enlightened individuals, it has received the most unequivocal commen- dation. And if its value was so considera- ble while published at intervals so remote, it will be incomparably greater when fur- nished tvery week. \ But we confidently rely upon the gradual improvement both of its plan and of its exe- cution. Mr, Gkegson's own increasing ex- perience, combined with the suggestions of his mercantile friends, and with those of the Conductors of this Journal, will lead to various alterations for the better,-adapting it more to the practical purposes of busi- ness, and to the researches of the political .conomi«r. The resources to which Mr. G. is so fortunate as to have constant access,, are such as no other private individual could, p. rhups, comjmand. Of tfie--e he will indu tnou>ly av.dl himself; and of his com- petency to extract from them the most in- teresting-materials, and to m.-uhl tho.«e m i terinL into a distinct and useful form, the Public have ulreauy received convincing proof. Thus are we straining eviry nerve ot merita cn hillanco of tlmt libt-rul pntionugc with which the Sydney Gazette has been s-o long favoured ; and we eau assoie our Readers, that neither pains nor ex| en-e shall ever be sp-red, io render its columns'worthy of a¡ip.oval. If any thing were necessary to ju-tify the well-merited eulo^iums that we have dis interebtly be towed in some of our previous numbeis, on the only Church D.gnitaryof which our adopted Country can yot l> ast, it was on Tuesd.iy last in the Supreme Cotirt, when His Majesty's Attorney General «-aid he was ins ructed by the Vnerable the Archdeacon, not to press for any heavy puntshn.eiit npviii tb.i Editt r of tile Monitor for the libel published in that paper on the Archdeacon. ¡Nothing more than a nomi- nal punishment was prayed for, inasmuch us the object the Archdeacon had in view, in in.-li uting the prosecution, was the pio.id j establishment of that character whichstauds as unimptached a? it is unimpeachable. A fine of only twenty shillings w s impi.sed, as will l.e seen by 0,11 r L-»w Report. His Ho..or, Mr. Justice Dowling, made some appropriate remarks on the nature of the fieedomof claim our cheeiful acquiescence, and »viiI at all times ensure our ur.q lahfied suppoit. For the sake of the large and amiable family over which the Editor of the Monitor has the ho our io preside, v e congiatulate him on the oppottune at d meicifttl intuposit on uf the Venerable the Archdeacon ; and we only trust, in future, that the Ueadtr» of I.is Journal will see something like gra- nnie Auihoiitiis, who, whilst they lune the powir if tri shing, under tliebmiiors of the Law, demonstrate the power ¡ni »\ill¡n¿ne-.s to save in a nioimnt cf extremity. The. Farlslioncr ngaîii on his logs Ï Wc thought hu had finished his speech longagtymul had sat'down to recruit his exhausted strength: but-to our great alarm-we lind ho lins not yet got through-dns exor- dium, and bids lair-to hold forth again mid again,,,11)! unconscious of íátiguo on his own part, mid of drow- siness on the part of his nndllory. Thoro is ícasQii oven to .dread, that his-oration will bo prolonged for months or years, so pregnant is his tltemo, so unmea- sured the fecundity of his wit, and so stentorian tiio lungs with which ho " Split* the cars of the irrotintlHnir«." How we trembled, when wo heard bim say, on Sa- turday last, " This case will not como before the pnb he nguiu till die middlo of March !" Bless us ! Since be first mounted tho rostrum, a littlo age has rolled by-and yet he is as fresh as over ? September-mid October-und Novembci-and December,-all wit- nessed his oratorical exploits ;-January has already been favoured with a tiny exhibition,-»a sort of inter- lude, to refresh us after so wearisomo a sitting, and to prepare as for what, remains behind j--February has ibu promiso of a respito ;-being tho tender mouth of Valentines, 'the- doors, thoro is reason to hope, will bo shut till its twenty-eight days shall havo quietly elnpspd :-but March \\-"remember the ida of March /"-that will be the month of months ; then for " tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral- comi- cal, historical pastoral, tragical-historical, trngienl comieal, and historical pastoral ?'\ Then what l)o mostheniiui thunders will roll- over the hapless heads of the Archdeacon, the Minister of tho Parish, the Solicitor General,- and-at last-oven tlio Attorney General himself t The proud spiro of St. James's will bo made to totter to the sto/m... Tho immaculalo but persecuted Parishioner will cither have justice, or, Sittnpson-ljko, will bear away the gates, and', with " one fell swoop" of his gigantic arm, bear down St. James's stupendous^pillars, and bury himself und his foes in ono common ruin. We must aivait, though with breathless impatience-, the approach of fateful March. We omitted to notice, in our last, a misrepresen- tation which appeared in the leading article of the Australian of Friday last, respecting the pay of the Assistant-Surgeon of the Veterans. It asserted that that Officer, "as an Assistant also on the Colonial Medical Staff, draws extra pay and allowances, more than equal (if," says the parenthesis, "we greatly mistake not, double) the total allowed the Prin- cipal Staff Surgeon, who ranks so infinitely higher." The plain fact is, that Dr Gibson, while he of course retains the moderate pay of a military Assis- tant, receives, as an Assistant on the Civil Establish- ment, neither more nor less than seven shillings and six pence a day. This is, to be sure, an enormous salary, enough to drain the Exchequer! And, con- sidering how easy and amusing are the Doctor's labours - for we understand he visits the gaol only every day, and has only to lake charge of the health of its two or three inmates - it is a shame thus to lavish the public treasure. No wonder the Colony is in a state of bankruptcy, when Dr Gibson ac- tually receives seven shillings and six pence per diem ! We ure authorised to contradict the «tate m'Mina'ein the last Australian, with its usual regard to truth and accuracy, " that the Inspecting Surgeon had reported the feinde ward in the Sdney Gaol a utterly unlit for its pr> sent purpose." This Otlicer, in theo.dinary exreution of his duty, merely reconim. uded t ie removal of tho«»e .females destined for the Factory at Parramatta ; it having but n noticed by lum that these were becoming rather numeioiiRj in .co.nsequenei' of being detained in the Gaol leyouJ the usual peiiod. The Sydney Gaol being a depot for the temporary leeeption of the female servants return« d10 Government, a weekly transfer of these is ordered to be made lo the Factory ; und in the above instance, fio.11 soino irrt guLnty, or peihaps unavoidable c.uis., their renioxal had not ink'-ii place, and there otc Was vi ry pioperly reported lo the Authori- ties, who, it need tn.t be doubted, iinmediarely at ¡ended to the suggistion. With roped to the health of the prisoner* in the Sjdney Gaol, it may be obseivcd, that .theie is no ins ance of any female piLon r having 6ufF.red «listase from confín nient m the female waid ; indeed, it i, a remarkable fct, that only two women have hem seit from tue G .ol tj the General ILspital duri >g the last s.x month«-, and thee cntiuly 011 account of diseae cotitr.cted piev.ousíy to imprisonment. And ¡is to the male prisoners in the Sydney Gaol (unwholesome and pes- tilential as it is thought to b ), the degree of health maintained amongst them is such, that for be vera 1 j ear«, past the daily numbera of sick ha\e ne\ er exceeded 4 out of 200, and sometimes even 300 prisoueis. One of our contempoiaries U of opinion, that Mr. IMackaness has claims to the < flice of ShenfF, supeiior to ihose of Mr. Cartu it, because the former was appointed by lim King, and the latter by the Govett NOR. Ila» tie writer forgotten, that, in de- clining to lenew Air. ¡VI.'a annual appoint- ment, His Excellency acted nnd.r the written anti ortty of the S lc it ETA it Y of SïtTK? This, we iui'giued, had been made sufficiently plain by the publication .>f the d> cuaun.s themselves. Hut, we ask, is tin re a Civil Officer in the Colony, whom the Governor cannot suspend ? Astonishing Fact.-Tiiete died re- cently m the town of Noitli Stronington, Cotinec! ii ut, a woman aged about 40 years, who had buen ill a long time, and com- plained of excessive pain in her heart. She left a request t'.al the physicians who at- tended her hhould examine the came of lier extreme suffering. The icqiiest was com- plied wi> li, and in the centre of her healt tilt re was found a living worm, an inch a id a quarter long, and of a large size!-Na- tional A dcei User. A respectable farmer, who lived in the neighbour- hood of Ponljpool, having caught some trout, found one so small that parsing- by a well he threw it in. In the ebor c of a week he looked in the well and saw the ti out 5 he then threw in some bread and worms ; the family became fond ol'it, and frequently it would eat worms out of the children's linuds. it would often hide itself in a small hole in the side of the well for a whole day if any stranger carne near the well. It lived in the same well twenty seven years, which the family were certain of from the age of one of the daughters, « ho was christened the day the trout was put into the »veil. It served as a barometer to the family: when its back «as black in the morning it turned oula rainy day, if bright, ami it caine lo the lacs of the water, it proved n line day. It'refused lo eat two days before it died. Salopian Journal. Sir Thomas Roe took out some English mastiffs to India, as a piesent for the G1e.1t Moçul. They were ol'marvellous courage. O.ie of i hem leaped ovei board to attack a blio.il of porpoises, and was lo.t. Only two of them ¡ned to teach India, They tra | tel'ed each in a little coach to Agra. Ono broke 1 loose by thu way, fell upon a huge elephant, and fas . ". 1 tened on Ins trunk ; the elephant at lass succeeded ia \- Inn ling him off. This stoiy delighted the Mogul ; ' L« .and those dogs in eonsei/uencc came to as e-straoidi- 1 r nary a fortmne as \yhrtiington;8viat.f Koch had a palanquin to litfe the air in, «with "two moro te »vnlk ' ? on each side and fan off the' flit's ; and the Mogul ! » had a pair of silver tongs made, ¿that ho might, when I he pleased, feed them with his own hand, , £L>&M;& ti&tnWAl; sTTiiïlfi flint, Compilai, by l'trimsttnn, ftom lha Custom loust Jiookt l-'r.im I ImrmUy, tf|L |«t, to 1 iii ml ty Olli luiillirj, 1821). m pou rs. SHIPS' REPORTS, Tiom 1st to Oth Januiry.-No Arrival. EXPORTS BJUG ELLEN, J.Taylor, l'JO tons, to london Cleared 1st January, 1B29--81 casks spciui oil and head matter, 119 do black whule oil, l8 do sea elephant oil, 43 bundles whiltbone, 7 tasks seal skins, 42 bales New Zealand ii i\ 87 bales wool, 2 tasks mid looso 219 hides, 427 pieces ot cedar, 29 pieces 3 logs timber, 10,000 treenails, 3 tases tuiiosilics, 1 box colonial miguincs, 1 task and 1 box hardware returned, 1 ptp<-> 2 hhds 1 quarter cask wine, shipped at Madeira for the round. SCHOONER WATLRLOO, K Old»ki tai, 09 tons, | to launceston, (V D L ) Cleared 3d Janu xr\ - 61 pieces cedar, 08 pine planks, 20 hearth stouts, j 4(1 window cells, 2'» «aiks nnd 1 pipe wine, 25 ' Illicit., porttr, 10 casks beer, 10 bigs ginger, 10 do pepper, 0 do coffio 2 hhds vinegar, 10 bundles I iron, 4 hiles slop9, 1 cask and 1 case p nut, 20 j us [ paint oil, 7 sets cart arms « ith boxes, 07 iron pots, | 1 case .jni'.lies, 1 do piper, 1 do saddlery. BKIG M ARO AULT, J Ckai«, 218 tons, to Ho- bart Town and Livei pool Cleared 5th January. 'lo Hüben t Town-2 cn«.ks nonminncry, 10 trunks hosiirv, 2 bundles «.patlts, 1 baje bigs, ft clises shoes, 1 bite slops, 11 pipes witto, 2a hhds. porter 20 tons salt. To Lttcipool-24,000 feet blue Rum, 2,300 feet I cedar, 7,000 treenails, 2 bales New Zealand flax, | 1 cask sand. Alice ... Wary Hop Britannia Cleopatra \- Masmet... lady Blaç Leda. New Zeala S c < a . wr ; in. a S. . Q.. ~ * _ Todd Bisset Blair Young Johnson Dibbs Robb Clark 5. ra s» S. g ft "3 C -..- ho i., »a _ to ia a voicnecrcv 3XUOIOOV)» J3 (S 22BBÖPpS ^Püíií.-^C í c -f*^3 ii C r, íí O O C B. -i S. N=.« . . o "c -> .3 -. 3 O ^ -c 2.H 5 g « \- a. c IT t. S- 2 -; 9 v r .D H B. t o'- c C -n S c ? S o te» a o IS N 3 re g o n ST Ö o *. 5 2 te \- n < n 3 re B.3 »"o' £> 3 s* n» .» ° S " , £«a S 2 £ ta o S - O . « a -i re c re M?: i . J! *i oe . g . * t« . -X . m O . -S- . CD 1 5 . . . . N , 3> c. 05 H-.« O' -. te. c 9 j. £ J. oc to K (. Vf I ~. 7) re as .-> ?-> ta ¡¡o i- i° i I 05 00 CO M M 1 3 IO lu »1 c O CO C9 CO O S 3 -"- ki» 43 t-l 3 a - Vr * J» *. S ? iî f 2 ' 3 IO w w O «1 -lOOMA a C - a S .b. *. ffî 3 f"- kj cn J-4 p_ 5" S *. 13 B O O ^ .&ID9UO; s S *. C3 S J' * S" - cn ¡2 .s S fe ^ tel C3 Cn 03 ai ^* à *» (J O' C5 C|l t» rf £ .___--_ ? ? . Ç) a S" o ,0 « 31 P ?». IO I8J_ C* 3 "* O OS .- » IJ ta as N - m a o > to i- r S? 0 o is ca co c» fD y O re -! Cl 3 û. te. te. o o ^» go te. cn " S ic a d -j ct ? co s~ o sr \- co o es / » H iONUw K 3 sa s» IS IN. ?J »J C \- co y o ÎO *? «W *- cr 3 M «o co «y Çl C -«»JO O' =? Oi\ -te .>« . - «-'I I I M.ORCGSO.N, Custom.house Agent 7«A Janunrg, I8.«>. 