ROME. FER. 16. íFium the Al omi n" Hei aid.1 You will, ere th s can reach England, have re- | ceived intelligence of i lie decease of Pope Le». X11 Ile expired after, on illness of a very few days, on Tuesday the 10.h instnni al about a quarter past nine i in the morning, und in the Vatican Palace. His din- I order was a saaeiiiiinry, of a mo»t iiilJ.inininble des- cription, so ns to hrflle ull the skill (now yeuernlly declared lo li«vc beru ixtremt-ly limited) of Iii» im uieiliate medical nt'cudanis, b\ wlimit he was sub. jrcted te> »n uprsiilion that piovid Hie reverse ofsuc ceisful, lie evinced resignation in his lu.st ninioeiils and joined in the prayers naiinlly recited ii pull such occasions. I This unexpected event Ins cnuted much hustle ia I he lo-cnilrd E'einnl City, ni, over and abnve many '«.her consideration«, ibu Romans were prepaun»; fur , ? he minim! revelry and dUsipaliuu, « Inch, since j he full of Venice, distinguish tim Carnival al Runic from lint in nil other Indian cities. Sentiments «.f du- , o ney, however uiinillint/ly entertained, must ¡it: snell n juncture iiiteidiet this annual concession to I extravagant mirth. 'I he tiianppniiiliiumit «ill be rather heavy upon llmse antony our Kuglish viMtcis who haunt the Coiili'ieitt.merely in <|iic>t of nniiiae nieiti. Among this (very mutinous) e1u»s the note of preparation lind been loud, mid multifariously eehored. Ball», masquerades, and exhibition« (called tableaux) of persons dicsicd and placed according to representations upon clsMual picture", Knut be postponed until next j ear. The laie l'ope wai bj lift means popular, mid his demise nt snell a lime has uudoubtedlr tended lu add ill humour to public after the in» fal event the following- vii nient Hues were brunah' to me by n trieud : - Tre ditpetti e'i fesii, O i'adre Santo ! Aeceliar ii Pupntn :-viver tanto : - Mnorir di Caritevnl, per eiser pinntn. This cairnie triplet was the precursor of numerous oilier sarcastic production«,'ri-flectiiig- most severely upon hi« lute. Holiness and his «ell- known favourites, «hum he does nut rippeur to hive selected fruin among- ide Cardinals, 1'ielntes, or other members of the hierarchy, uni even in the elevated daises of the laity. It i« lobe hoped that this and ninny oihei accounts, wi li public opinion, may lie at lea»! folly staled bj his liio^raph'r*, should honest mid impar- tial men nsiuni« tim uni ce of w riliiijy his life lind achievements. In the mean time 1 shall, from limi- to lime, inform you of the principal ceremonies .and arrangements which lake place at ihe death and fu neral of the Pon ti ft", and anecdote* of passing con cnrivnces during the period to be employed in choosing- his successor, or (more opnusitclt )*iu the ?trudies of tbe liions, tim crafty, and the a iibitioiit... all united in daily and set invocation» of the Holv Ghost. Soon after the Holy Father had breathed his last, the Cardinal w In exercises the office of Camerlengn or eh'erof the Apostolical Chamber, in trirlue o' whuh he holds high null» irily during an interregnum, npprnnehed the bed in order lo identify the baily ., which done, he received hum the principal attend ant (a Pri lute) ih°.sigiiel called the iislierniau'a ring-, i and that from whence the leaden seals nfüteil lo the Pupal Rulls receive ¡nipreksiuus. His Eminence withdraws, öfter executing ¡ii the presence ofnnu Irsry nu ¡nslrmiii nt recording 'h'' performance of those official duties. Your former ncqiinintt.nccs the Swiss tiunrds, according to the usual custom upon ? uch occasions, now bec.une his escort, ami will at-1 tend him until he und his brethren shall h ive deliui livelv entered the conclave, or place of election.! In the nfternoon, by his order, the (freut hell of the enpiiol was lolled for un hoiir,.iiccompnHÍed by those of all the rim relies; and, at muir, the. Senator of Rome, accompanied by oilier Magistrales, repaired lo the prison, and set ni liberty ull th ko piitoneu who were cher^ed willi netty crime», The tendency P! . ; of (hi* net of grace mutt be cUimntrd hy profounder to pnlilicits than I pretend lo be. re On thellih lim surgeons proceeded lo open nnd of embalm the body. It is said tiwi Leo's heart was an found to be of the most tiny dimensions. This, how» fa euer, maybe a mere snrrnsl'c emanation, from par- tial observation or hostile rrminisconce of the past. After the operation, the corpto was dirsscd in Ihe Pontifical attire, and lay in I ho hue Incumbent's npnrf menls ; I lie bowels, placed in n kind of jar, heing sent for sepulture lo the Church of St. Vincent and Aiiaslnsius, in which parish the other I'npitl Palace (the Quirinal) is situate. In the evening the body was.conveyed in ttn open Miter, by ton blight, over to I lie St x t ¡ni Clnpel, where ¡I was placed upon a bed of state, surrounded bv wax cuddles, willi one of the noble guards al rnch corner, nnd willi the Pcnitentnrcis (Confessors) of St. Pelorus Church in conUitnt attendance, reciting prayers,' &c.; The doors of the chapel remained open dunno; the whola the whole of the ensuing day (12th) ; nil pcr»oits were ndmiited without any of the usual repulses from tho officers and men upon duty. On the ensuing morning (131h,) nt about li o'clock the bndv, preceded by the Chapter of St. Peter's, mid followed hy guards, Cardinals, Prelate«, &c.; was home down into that Church, witera (after cer- tain prnyeis in the nave) it was placed In tho Chapel of the Sacrament upon a bed of state, but with the feel some« hat projected from «ilhoitt I ho grated gate, in order to he kissed hy the devout, who were admitted ill succession to perform this pious outee. I must, however, inform you ihnt the mere sales of the pontifical shoes received thi« tribute of divot ¡on, imitation or affection. As tin« exposition «tis lo ln«t three days, I did not repeat mv visit lo the Ctimch beforo (Sunday the 15ih), when I beheld n most curious, mid, I think, almost indecent spectacle. The noble temple appeared lo he, tiny was, n scene of ttprour and almost desecrallon. lu \lliu usual place Iny Loo X11,, blackening with the body- colours of decay-exhaling aromatic«; glared upon by tapers, and tho gorgciiu«.'uniform« of ihe noble gtinrds ; Riirrnniidid hy soldiers of, crosser*' «qiiipmeitt, and more grossly admitting or repelling the nmb,_ilirong ng font hist vnguo osculation of soles Pontifia. In the nave were-workmen, sawing alni hammering, so as lo bring down thundering .echoes, tit the lofty catafalque brloilging lo the obsequies fur.the 201h, Slsi, ami 22d, w hich nre io hu performed upon a grainier and terminating scale. It» «outlier part of . the church were artists da.hing away picturos to be apppsnled upon the said cotafnluiie, and recordant of the virtues mid nchievemeuls of the deceased Pope, ¡add to this Hie hnhhling mid bellowing of thousands , of ?ociforous Romans, the clashing of firelocks, iho coarse tones of a Pupal soldiery ; mid you will hive n complication of nnnmomnlies liai illy to he expected in such a place, and upon such an occasion. I have «Iii d my piper, ami must refer you for fur- ther particulars to my next. 1 will not, however, fold this «¡thom a copy of Leo's epitaph, writteu by himself, and «aid to h ive been found under a candle- stick in his apartment : lu order io understand this y°" mwl be informed that Si. Leo is hurled in Si. Peter's, and un altur in thal church is dedicntcJ to bim. LEON! MAGNO PATRONO COELESTI MESUPPLEX COMM END ANS I1IC APÜD SACROS EJUS CIÑERES LOCUM SEPULTURE DELEGl LEOXH.IIUMILIS CLIENS HjEREDUM TANSI NOMINIS MINIMUS. It appears there are now in Newgate somo 40 persons, 13ritn.li and United Stales subjects, whu have been sent home from the coast of Africa hy the Commander of one of our ships of war on that-sta- tion, under a charge of piracy. The circumstances under which these individuals have been nude pri- soner« will, it is hoped, lie soon brought under au investigation by a competent tribunal ; and as far as we have heard of the proceedings, it is not likely to confer much credit on our naval administration in that quarter. These individuals composed a portion of ihn crew of a Buenos Ayrean privateer, called the Presidente, a ship regularly and duly licensed according to the Laws of Nations hy tetters of mar- que, and had hen so for some years past hy tho authorities of Buenos Ayres. She had been cruiz- ing on the coa»t of Africa with a view of capturing , the Brazilian vessels engaged in that trade. During the latter p-rt of her cruise tdiu fell in with a vessel called the Black Joke, a tender belonging to one of 1 frigates on that station, and, after some manos ¡vriiig on both side«, tito Presidente shewing her Buenos Ayrean colours, fired a shot over the Black Joke p in ord'-r to gut lier to hoist her colours, and declare her character. A broadside and a tice of muskestry . were opened on the Presidente, and the Blick Joke hoisted her English colour*, to which the Piesi i dente struck. The lire from Ihe English ship killed t tile Buenos Ayrean Comminder and somo of the \- crew. The Presidente was then taken possédai j n of, s and such part of the crew m were Buenos Ayrean, were landed on the coast, and the remainder beiug ' British mid subjects of the United SuUh were put in irons, and sent to England, to be tried ou a charge of piracy. 