CASE OF SPECTRAL ILLUSION. From the Phrenological Journal. The following very distinct and interesting farm life is to read in the London Phrenologies! social ay, and kindly communicated to us, for insertion in the Phrenological Journal, by its learned author, u main ber of the English bar - In December, 1828, A. was confined to his bed by inflammation on the chest, and was supposed by his medical attendant to be in considerable danger. One night, while unable to sleep from pain and fever, he saw sitting in a chair, on the left side of his bed, a female figure, w nell he immediately recognised to be that of a young lady who died about two years before. His first feeling was surprise, and perhaps a little alarm ; his second, that he was suffering from delirium. With this impression he paid his head under the bed-clothes, and after trying in vain to sleep, us a test of the stranding of his mind he went I li ron is a long and complicated process of melnpliyioul reasoning. He then peeped out and saw the figure in the same' situation and position. He had a fire, but would not allow a candle or nurse in the room A Mackaway kept by his side, to knock for the nurse when he required her attendance. Being too weak to move his body, be endeavoured to touch the figure with his stick, but upon a real object being put upon the chair, the imaginary one disappeared, and was not visible again that night. The next day he thought of little but the vision, and expected to return without rain, and with some pleasure. He was not disappointed. It took the same place as before, and he employed himself in observations. When he shut his eyes or turned his head, be ceased to see the figure; by interposing his hand he could hide part of it and it was shown like any mere material substance, by the rays of the fire which fell upon and were reflected from it. As the fire declined it became less perceptible, and as it went out invisible. A similar appearance look place on several other nights but it became less perceptible, and its visits less frequent, as the patient recovered from his fever. He says the impression, on his mind were always pleasing, as the spectre looked at him with calmness and regard He never supposed it read; but was unable to account for it on any philosophical principles within his ken a led, e. in the names of 182) A's health was perfectly restored, and he had been free from any waking vision for nearly eighteen months. Some circumstances occurred which produced in him great mental excitement. One mumm; he dreamed of the figure, which stood by his side in an angry posture, and asked for a locket which he usually wine. He awoke and saw it as the toilet, with the tucki t in Us ham). He rushed out of bed, and it instantly disappeared. During; the next six weeks it visits were meets lot, and the sensations which they produced were w i ruibly bombie. Some years before he had attended the dissection of a wound in astute of rapid decomposition. Though much disunited at the time the subject had been long forgotten ; but it was recalled by the union of its putrescent body with the spidre's features. The visits were not got fitted to the night, but fierjoputly occurred while several persons were in the same room. They were repeated at intervals do me in the winter , but he was able to get rid of them by moving or June.; in an erect position. Though well, his pulse was hard, and generally from DJ To 106. A. is a person of good education and literary h> bills. I have not the slightest doubt of his vehicle). The never supposed the appearance s stove-in visioned other thing illusions. He has always had a propensity towards the str penal to rat, without any belief 'in it and be incubus these effects of imagination to the perusal of the rider of Wonder and Other ghost stones, when a boy. He will not allow me to lay before the society on account of his head, as connected with Um statement, as he would not like to he called a dealer in the marvellous 1 tiny, however, say, that Iduahiy is large, and the reflective faculties very good. 