MORE GHOSTS. We had fondly hoped that with the exception of the rum ghost which we encountered lately in the cot- tage at New Norfork, these new colonies were free from those creations of the brain and phantoms of superstition. But if we can put faith in the following, the very ground on which our Sydney neighbours head, teems with spectres of the most horrible kind. The ghastliest apparition I have met with for a long time, is the Elle-Maid of the Germans, of which you read an account in the fairy work above mentioned. She comes in the likeness of a beautiful creature, and tries to entice you to her love ; but you may know she is an Elle-Maid, by two ways, either by making the sign of the cross, upon which she vanishes ; or by trying to see her back, which induces her obstinately to keep fronting you ; for the fact is, she has no back, She is all hollow behind, like a dough-trough ! Ima- gine this sort of a whole length mask of a beauty, smiling and alluring,---a living plaster cast front, a pie crust of a woman, without the apples.---a hor- rible bas relief! " This were a poppet in an arme to embrace." I know of no way faring ghost at all to compete with her, not even the noon day fiend of old Heywood, though she is ghastly enough. She walks about the fields in harvest time, in the likeness of a decent wo- man, and breaks the people's legs if they do not wor- ship her. There is a road side devil (if Mr. Barring- ton is to be trusted) among the natives of New South Wales, whom I should like to see opposed to an Elle- Maid. He comes suddenly out of the ground with a horrible roar and trample, and seizes a man by the throat. Fancy yourself a Malvolio of that ilk, ' forth issuing on a Sabbath morn,' to enjoy the sight of the Macquarie, the Hawkesbury, or some other well nam- ed river, and just arrived at a spot where you may in- hale all the sweetness of the country's prospect and your own, when, lo, a fellow bursts out of the ground upon you, with a noise like the crash of a gong, and forces your eyes half out of their sockets. An old acquaintance of mine, Crany an Irishman, had gone to bed after a hearty supper, and slept un- easily for some hours, when he thought he saw in a corner of the room a little figure standing on a high chair, and writing something on the wall. A drapery flowed from the back of its neck to the ground ; and as it wrote, it chuckled one minute, and the next heaved the most heart breaking sighs. Crany looked hard to see what the writing signified, and was shock- ed to discover that it was rather painting than manu- script, consisting, in fact, of a series of little human heads, which mopped and mowed at the artist as they became visible. An exclamation of horror induced the spectre to turn round ; when the beholder's con- sternation was completed, on observing that, by one of those inconsistencies common with horrid visions, his face was at once that of a gigantic old woman, and bore a strong resemblance to himself! ' Heh ! heh !' said the phantom, in a high laughing tone, and began gliding slowly from its chair towards the bed ; at the same time stretching its legs backward, which the drapery seemed to rise up and envelope. ; so that the figure came onward like some horrid chrysalis or har- py, putting forth two claw like hands, and grinning with an odious anticipation. At length it seemed but within a yard of his face, grinning and quivering, and looking more frightful every moment, when our hero, in a paroxysm of fear and loathing, and yet making an effort to show his contempt, dashed his head to- wards its face, crying out as he did so, ' detestable wretch !' At the same moment, the little beads on the wall burst out into a fit of laughter ; and poor Crany awaking, found a friend who had come to call him, standing by his bedside, and laughing ready to die, himself being at that moment in the act of grasping himself by the nose !--New Monthly Mag. The Morning Journal, a violent anti-Catholic pa- per, has the following jeu de esprit on the present bill, vie: " H-iuse of Commons, March 22, 1830.-New Tax.-Mr. C.Chancellor of the Exchequer, and first cousin to his holiness, the Pope, moved for leave tobring in a bill for raising the sum of 28(3,0001. for the maintenance of the Roman Catholic clergy ol' Ireland, for the year 1829 He said, that in the bill which passed last year this provision was forgotten. He reminded tile house, that if his holiness the Pope was pleased so to do he might call on this nation for a large amount on account 'of Peter pence, a tax which for several reigns bad been unjustly with- held. ? u Mr. Urne said, that while lia had the honour of re-' presenting a Scotch university, he should feel it his duty to protest against any addition to the taxes, for the support of Popish superstition. For the bill . . .304 Against it ... 125 Majority in favour of the tax 257.'* The violence indeed of these anti-Catholic journals is almost hysteric. The Examiner of the IStb March affirms, (allegorically of coarse,) «* that the King is «hut up in a coal cellar at Windsor, where the Duke of Wellington brings him privately an allowance of food, barely sufficient to support the royal nature. Hunt's radical eorn is the nutriment, pounded into snnff to escape discovery. The building intended for the new post office is to be converted into a college of Jesuits, and endowed with the funds raised for the King's college. Ministers have been compelled to support the new anatomical' bill, because the con- sumption of Protestants by fire will cause a great scarcity of subjects deed and living. Catholics, says he, are notoriously unfit for dissection having no hearts. 'The Commons are to declare the throne va- cant by the disturbance of the act of settlement, and the Pope is tocóme over by the way ofHambnrgb ex pressly to crown the duke of Wellington. Mr. Peel is to be Prince of Wales, and pay serjeant Macgarth, of the 4lh company of the second battalion of the 3rd guards, is to be elected to the premiership, with a peerage. Dr. Philpott« is lu read his recantation early in April, and to have a cardinal's hat. The Irish basket women from Connemara, pretend lo deni in tish, hut their ba-kets arc in fact full of pikes. .Tlieirplun was to'seize Alderman Biroli, and to make turtle soup of his trulyProtcstantliead, lo add prussic acid (vice lennon) and to poison the whole eily ol' London at one hunch. Hare, he adds, was not let loose without a purpose. Ho and his gang arc to at- tend nt Parliament mid to slick pitch plasters on lite mouths of the Protestant peers and members as they enter their respective houses. Lord Eldoo is the first victim marked out, &c.; ¿c." These jokes are almost too bad. The Horticultural Society has rejected Mr. Liu don's Gardener'» Masazirie willi gtent disdain, in con- sequence «if some mIucivalions which the members thought diMoaaltd fiom Hie rt'p'italion of the Pc-si deni, lint a«ue understand il^rtlr. London 9 object was laudable, being merely to ruinier the' society mere generally useful andmore liberal in its'lrnn.s The old Times calls His Catholic relief bill, the great law of religious liberty-ibe magna charla of 1829, At (he same time it adds, that his Majesty's ceo. science has been basely tampered with. Tbe committee appointed to inquire info the aboies of the courts of common law, has given in its report consisting of 800 folio pages. . Lord Belmore» the new Governor of Jamaica, sr* rived at Kingston on the 20th February. A new rt. yuindon is said fo lnivetakcn place in Peru, and Bo. livnr has been called to Hie post of drctotor» On tit« .22d December, an attempt was made hy a Peruvian squadron upon the fort of Guayaquil, but tiley were beaten oil' by General Illingrot. General Vervcer, the Dutch envoy to tho stales oï Central America, arrived at Belize on the 25fJi Jahtr. ary, in hopes by his mediation to allay the present civil war which now rages throughout that country. An immense train of no less than 60,000 waggoon was proceeding to join the Russian army against Tar koy. This does not look much like peace. Tho waggons are distributed into 'divisions of SOO each attended by 4 cannon. The drivers are armed with a! sabre and a short gun» and arc also provided ñitb scythes to provide forage for the beasts. The following are staled as the conditions propos, ed on the ratification of peace with Russia and Tur. key ; « 1. The forts of the Dardanelles shall be razed. * ' 2. The commerce of the Sea of Marmora and tho Etixine «ball be free 10 all nations. ' Greece shall be recognized as in independent state. . 4. The Greek Patriarch at Constantinople shall be considered as a diplomatic character. ' S. The supremacy of the Russian flag ia the Black sea shall be re'eognised. ' tí. The Christians shall have entire liberty for the exercise of their religion ¡ their churches shall bara steeples and hells. ' 7. The Christian and Jewish communities shall bo administered by superiors chosen from their own body. « 8. The Porle shall pay the Russians a military contribution of 000,000.000 of silver roubles, and Russia shall occupy Wallachia, Moldavia, and tile provinces in Asia whiolt it íiascuiiquered, till Ihe whola is paid. . 9. Servia, Wallachia, Moldavia, and Greece shall be placed under the protection of Ktissia. ' On the fulfilment of these conditions Hussia gus. rantees to Turkey forever (he integrity of its terri- tory, and its admission into the associations of civil- ized nations. ' Tin* Porte on its part demands first of all six hurt, dred million of silver roubles as an indemnity for the exnenses of the war, and on equal sum for Ihe expert« ses of the war, and au equal sum for the fleet destroy, ed at Navarino. It will not enter into negotiations till lluisia shall have evacuated all the provino« which it has conquered, and withdrawn its army bt* youd the frontier!.' Alas! for human happiness, Alas! fo> htimrn sorrow; Our yesterday is nothingness, What else will be our morrow? Still beauty must be stealing hearts, . And knavery stealing purses, Still cooks must live by making tarts, And wits by making verses; While sages prate and courts debate, The same stars set and shine ;| And the world as it rolled through 28 Must roll through 29. 