THE HOBART-TOWN COURIER. SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1828. Arrived on Tuesday the 23d. June, the brig Hind, Captain Jack, from St. Thomas's 17th February. Cargo-109 hhds.and 66 barrels sugar, 30 bags of coffee, 82 puncheons rum, 4 casks tobacco and 2 hhds. brandy, consigned to Crombie, Mc Laren and Co. Sailed on Sunday 21st, the bark Nimrod, Captain Chalmers, for Sydney. Cargo-1950 bags Manilla sugar, 100 firkins butter, 45 barrels pork, 3 cases of whaling gear, 2 blubber hooks, 4 try work knees. 6 furnace bars, 5 cases pianos, 18 cases copper, 5 g, casks copper nails, I bundle copper bolts, 10 cases muskets, 19 bags potatoes and 24 bags wheat. Passengers —Mr. J. Flaharty, Supercargo, and Mr. Joseph Birch. Sailed on Monday the 22d. the brig Anne, Capt. Corneby, for Sydney, with part of her original cargo, Passengers from Rio — Mr. J. Macnamara, Mr. W. Foster, Mr. E. Cunningham, Mr. Riley, and from this place — Mr. Losgreen. The brig Ionia, Captain Buck, sails for Sydney this day. Cargo — 9 tons potatoes, 531 bushels wheat, 18 casks oil, 1 bundle Kangaroo skins, and 2 cases muskets. No arrivals at Launceston last week. The Alice proceeds this day to Swan port, to take on board a quantity of Mimosa bark. The Hind is the first vessel that has arrived to us direct from the West Indies, and opens a new field for the speculations of the settler in Van Diemen's land. So long as rum and sugar are consumed in such quantities as they now are amongst us (the pro- priety of which we do not here stop to determine) the more directly we can obtain these articles from their point of manufacture, the more advantageous will the terms of commerce be for both. Not only would the voyage be some weeks shorter from the West In- dies than from London to Van Diemen's land, but the whole expense of the passage to England and transshipment would be saved. A vessel starting from Barbadoes or Trinidad to Van Diemen's land, would also have much the advantage of one sailing from Jamaica or any port so much to the leeward, In return we might load a vessel to some advantage with bricks, timber in plank and scantling, shingles, lime, flour, salted beef and pork, and by and by, we hope with bottled beer, butter, cheese, blankets, and coarse woollen cloths, most of which articles have for many years been supplied from the United States. We shall rejoice to learn, that the proposed canal through the isthmus of Darien, is likely soon to be accomplished by the enterprising company who have undertaken it. This would shorten the passage to the West Indies, at least one half, and do more to raise this southern would in the scale of commercial im- portance, than any one measure that we know. Great satisfaction is expressed in some Jamacia gazettes, which we have seen at the late order in council, allowing Spanish vessels to enter the ports of the island, which has reopened the flourishing com- merce that formerly subsisted with Spanish America. We have much pleasure in learning that in tin car- go of well selected articles which Mr. Gillibrand is preparing to take to Swan river in the Orelia, salted beef properly cured on the spot, forms a part, which we think cannot fail to be highly acceptable to the new comers. In shipping potatoes, although our ad- vice may be reckoned intrusive on those who must know as well as ourselves, we would earnestly recom- mend every care to he taken not to bruise them. There are numerous dry water casks and empty cases lying useless about our stores and warehouses, which would form a cheap and secure package for them. Although Captain Stirling reported that limestone was very plentiful, it does not follow that it is to be found on the exact spot where the settlers want it, and a few bundled bushels of good shell lime, we think, would be a good accompaniment to the bricks. It is hoped, that some little restriction has accompanied the large giants of land, of even 30 and 100,000 acres which have been given. Because unless a spacious reserve be retained round each of the townships, &c.; the new colony would in a great measure be spoiled. Large spaces of miles together, belonging to one or two indi- viduals, would intervene between the lesser allotments of humbler emigrants, who would thus be driven over trackless bounds far into the interior before they could fix themselves on an eligible spot. We consi- der that the arrival of the Norfolk islanders, as they are called, in the early periods of this colony, who had all small grants of from 30 to 60 acres given them, was of great advantage to Van Diemen's land. Had it been otherwise, two or three large proprietors would have possessed the whole of Hobart town and its vi- cinity for miles round, and Pittwater and many other populous and now richly cultivated districts, appor- tioned out in small farms, would probably have re- mained until this day wild pastoral savannahs. Captain Harper, of the Ephemina, we have much pleasure in stating, has brought a valuable addition to our horticultural stores, in a number of beautiful plants from China. We wonder that no one has yet introduced that magnificent plant, the hydrangea which would assimilate so well with our climate. Even in England it grows frequently to a gigantic size. There is now in the garden of Mr. Sandes of Dunow en, near Stockport, a hydrangea 45 feet in circumfer- ence, and proportionally high, and last summer it had on an average, from 150 to 200 flowers. We have lately taken some pains lo draw the at- tention of our readers to the cultivation of fruit trees in this island, and have endeavoured to show the great advantage to be derived from orchards, and the mak- ing of cider, &c.; on a large scale. We have great pleasure in learning that our observations are not wholly without effect at this most favourable seasons. As a most gratifying proof of what our climate can produce in the way of fruit, we have much pleasure in quoting the following passage from the transactions of the horticultural society of Edinburgh, published in the papers of the 12th December last. It has been shown, that the fleece of the sheep is improved in this country by the mere influence of the climate alone, and it would require, we presume, little to shew that the seeds of apples and of other fruits sown in our gardens, may produce varieties of superior qua- lity to that they would have had in an English or French climate:—- Three seedling apples raised by Mr. Daniel Stan- field of Clarence plains (one of the first free settlers in Van Diemen's Land), had been transmitted to the Committee early in September; one of these apples was a foot in circumference, and of beautiful appear- ance, but the specimens having been plucked on the 15th April last, and having passed through the tro- pics, were too much decayed to afford a correct esti- mate of their flavour. Thanks were voted to Mr. Robert Neil of the Commissariat Office, Hobart town, who transmitted these fruits." The military force at the new settlement at Swan river will, we learn, consist of about 70 (including officers) of the 63d regiment, which we think very ample, considering its infant state, and that prisoners form no part of its population. We very much rejoice to observe that the Orelia is now fairly laid on to load with produce for the use of the new emigrants, and we think it cannot but prove highly beneficial to Mr. Gellibrand the char- terer, but to this colony generally, as opening a new and increasing market for our produce. A sufficient supply of bricks, a most necessary article on this oc- casion, not being immediately to be met with, His Excellency, we are happy to hear, has most promptly given 100,000 well made bricks to commence freighting the vessel immediately. By the arrival of the Hind, we have received some further particulars of the pirates who were late- ly executed at St. Christopher's for having pirati- cally captured the British brig Carraboo as mentioned in our Journal some weeks ago. An account of the whole has been published in a small pamphlet, but it contains little worthy of extracting beyond what we have already stated. The Carraboo had sailed from Liverpool for South America with a general cargo, worth £28,000. When abreast of the gut of Gibral- tar, they were captured by the Spanish privateer Las Dumas Argentinas, and carried into St. Eustalius. The principal evidence against the pirates was two of their accomplices, who said they had captured and plundered a great number of vessels : — Twenty- seven were found guilty and hanged, their own guns firing minute guns while they were passing to the place of execution. It is calculated that on account of the cattle slaugh- tered in London so readily putrifying from the brui- ses inflicted, and the rapid wasting of the animal from feverish irritation, produced by beating and long driving, there is a loss of 3 shillings a head on bul- locks, and 6d. a head on sheep. On a moderate average there are 3000 beasts killed weekly in Lon- don, and 30,000 sheep, making a loss to the com- munity of £62,000 per annum. Another calculation makes the loss amount to £100,000 a year. We re- joice to see that this important truth is at last fairly brought before the public, more especially in Van Diemen's land, where the system of wild cattle, now happily on the wane, has so long prevailed. The common practice with these animals has for many years been for a party of men on horseback to tra- verse the remote regions where the cattle are allowed to range in order to collect them. They are then driven at full gallop, a distance of many miles into a stockyard erected for the purpose at some conve- nient spot. They are kept, in this yard on an ave- rage for 3 or 4 days and nights together without food or drink, (for it is reckoned injurious to allow them to drink without food) until the fat ones are drawn off, as it is called, or separated from the others, and the young ones marked and branded. Those reck- oned fit for the butcher being then put together the bars of the gate are let down, and three or four horseman with long whips drive them at full speed, in a body, (for otherwise they would struggle and be lost) probably a distance of 60 or 80 miles, until they reach Hobart town. Having arrived there they are still kept in confinement, until the merciful ham- mer of the butcher puts a period to their suffering. Was it to be wondered at that meat procured in this way should easily be tainted ? Is it not rather sur- prising that men should be found to partake of the proceeds of such cruelty ? Such things prevailed in former days, and much money was obtained in con- sequence, for the cattle increased of themselves in the wild woods, and there was little expense to the owner beyond that incurred in the proceedings we have mentioned. We have great pleasure however in stating, that now by the help of government regu- lations, and the good sense of the settlers themselves, a very different method is adopted. The cattle are now properly herded and tamed. They are driven to market at leisure, and taught to obey the voice of their keepers. They are slaughtered without the painful ordeal of furious flogging and over driving. Mr.Gellibrand, has even, most wisely as we learn, taken the still more secure means of killing and salt- ing down the meat on the spot, by which it cannot fail to equal the finest mess beef in the world, and to keep pure and wholesome long after it reaches Swan River. The late forgeries on the banks appear to be en- tirely put a stop to by the active measures of the police. It is necessary however that individuals should still exert every caution in carefully examin- ing the notes which pass through their hands, in addition a caution is necessary as to the various sil- ver coins now in circulation amongst us. Besides the Spanish dollars, half dollars and quarters, there is a variety of other French, South American and German coins, nearly of the some size, but generally of inferior value which are apt to be passed for the same. We are happy to learn that a new and elegant coinage of dollars is now issuing from the mint at Mexico, which will speedily find their way hither. The cattle, the property of J. Thompson, esq. which were sold by auction last week by Mr. Richard White, fetched £120 odd, rather more than £2 a head ; one bull of the improved breed sold for £30. — Launceston Advertiser. A man named Michael Murray, belonging to the Maid of the Mill, a vessel employed by Mr. Beve ridge, of the Supply Mills, was upset through coming into violent contract with the main boom, and un- fortunately met a watery grave. The body has not been found. Cornwall Press. Just as we were going to press, news reached us that yesterday evening two armed ruffians, supposed to be Bevan and Appleby, attacked the residence of George Hobler, esq. situated near Launceston. But we are not prepared to state the result of so audaci- ous a proceeding, although it is with much pleasure we are enabled to compliment the gallantry of one of Mr. Hobler's servants, by whom a musket was seized from one of the marauders. One of them ac- tually fired at Mrs. H. which struck her, and took off nearly the whole of one hand. We sincerely trust it is incorrect. Ibid. The Americans are now manufacturing sailcloth from cotton. It is preferred on board fore and aft rigged vessels, because they can sail from a half to three fourths of a point nearer lo the wind with it than with hemp or lint sails, nor does it stretch or shrink so much as the flax canvas. The stoutest sort weighs about 1lb. per yard, and sells at 20d. The Davis straits fishery last year appears to having been unusually successful, most of the ships have returned on an average about 3 parts, & many of them entirely full in the end of November. The market price for our oil at Hobart-town is we believe from £16, to £16.10s. per imperial tun. Great care should be taken in boiling it, so as not to allow the dregs to burn, and render it black and of inferior value. When properly prepared, it fetches a higher price in the London market then either the Greenland or Davis straits oil, which is generally brought home in a state of fat or blubber, and boiled down after land- ing. If the season happens to be mild, a slight de- gree of putridity takes place, which in some measure deteriorates the quality of the oil. All this of course is obviated in this country, where the fish is cut up and boiled on the spot. It is a fact worthy of record to us in this island of grain, that the exportation of Geneva from Holland to various parts of Europe, Asia, and Africa, exceeds 20 millions of gallons per annum: The wool trade. — In our last number we di- rected attention to the project so eagerly agitated of a duty on foreign wool. We endeavoured to show that to tamper with this important part of the indus- try of the country, in the way proposed, was not only calculated to affect injuriously the internal consump- tion, but to put to hazard the whole woollen export trade of the nation. And if the least credit shall be given to the recorded testimony of the woolstaplers, manufacturers, and merchants of the country, a refe- rence to the wool report now circulated will, we ap- prehend, bear out all our conclusions. Nearly every one of this class of witnesses examined by the com- mittee, averred that cloths, the produce of English wool, cannot now find a market, and that without fo- reign wools alone, or mixed goods, suited either to the home demand or the foreign market, cannot be produced. We here speak of the short or clothing wools ; for, with regard to what are termed the comb- ing or long wools, those of England are surpassed in no other country ; and this part of our native pro- duce, accordingly, is as applicable as ever to the purposes in which it has hitherto been employed. But it is entirely different with respect to the class of wools intended for cloths. The finest of our own wools will not bear a comparison with those of Spain, and the parts of Germany into which the Merino breed has been introduced. The most esteemed va- riety of fine wooled sheep in England has been held to be the South Down ; but not only is the South Down wool far inferior to the finer German and Spa- nish wools, but, whether from change of habits in our population, or from whatever cause, or combination of causes, the cloths into which it used formerly to be manufactured are now found to be unsaleable, on ac- count of their comparative coarseness. The greatly extended use of cotton, and taste acquired by the use of finer cloths, will account for much of this change, though another cause has been very generally assign- ed by the manufacturers, namely, a change in the quality of the wool itself. — Blackwood's Quarterly Journal of Agriculture. We have great pleasure to observe the frequent notice of our infant colony in most of the English periodical works. Among the numerous selections which are made from our Journal, (which our contem- porary of the Tasmanian will consider curious) the most favourable passages are those under the head Country Post. : A very interesting work has just been published, entitled " The literary remains of the late Henry Neale,''author of that excellent work for young per- sons, the Romance of history. It consists of lecture on English poetry, delivered at the Russel Institution in 1827, tales and other pieces. During the last 30 years, while the population of England has increased at the rate of 38 per cent. the poor's rates have extended to upwards of 220 per cent. We regret to announce the death, in November last of Mr. Thomas Bewick , the celebrated engraver on wood. He died at his house at Gateshead, on the Tyne, aged 76. He has left unfinished a history of fishes, and a memoir of his own life, with portraits of his friends, and a large cut of an old hunter, which was the last work he employed himself upon, only a few days before his death. In conversation he ex- hibited much of that quaintness and shrewd insight into character which so eminently distinguished the tail pieces introduced into his works. Two tusks, the remains of the mammoth found by Captain Beechy in his late voyages, on a remarkable bluff at Escholz bay, near Behring's straits, were ex- hibited the other day to the Wernerian Society (at Edinburgh, by Professor Jameson. The latest mea- sured 12 feet in length, and the animal to which it be- longed must have been at least 10 feet high, and con- sequently larger than the elephant, a species of the same genus. Mr. Cobbett has written a letter to the Pope, of which the following is an extract, viz:— " I was, what is called, born and bred at the plough tail, and received no book learning of any sort, except that which I myself acquired, during eight years that I was in the army, part of the time a private soldier, and the larger part a non-commission- ed officer. I have been now twenty seven years the author of a weekly publication called the Political Register. In the year 1819 the people of England were in very great distress, and those poor rates, which rose out of the ' Reformation,' and the history of which poor rates your Holiness has read in para- graph 331 to page 338 of my work ; these poor rates having become very burdensome to the owners and occupiers of the land, one Malthus, a Protestant Church Parson, wrote a book to show that the poor had no claim upon the land for relief; and that they ought to be left to that law of nature which doomed them and their families to perish, if they had no law- ful means of their own whereby to obtain sustenance, and he actually called upon the Parliament to pass a law to this horrid effect. I, who had been bred amongst the labouring classes, read with indigna- tion of a project like this ; and I wrote and publish- ed a letter to the parson upon the subject, and laid prostrate the cruel doctrine of parson Malthus.' By official documents we learn, that the popula- tion of Nova Scotia is now 123,140, of whom 63,750 are males, and the remainder females. One hundred and fifty ships were built there in 1827. The births double the number of deaths. There are 202,000 acres of land in cultivation, producing about 500,000 bushels of grain. There are 12,951 horses, 110,818 cattle, 173,731 sheep, and 71,482 swine. There were 81 arrivals of vessels from England last year, and 278 from the West Indies. The total amount of imports was £929,000. and the exports £422,000, a greater disparity than even in the infant colony of Van Diemen's land. A French soldier exiled to Siberia 40 years ago, has discovered a diamond mine, and is appointed inspec- tor-general by the Russian government. The magistrates, on the case being brought before them, fined the manager 20 guineas, and £ 16 7s. expenses. So great is the practice of unprincipled persons in London using false weights and measures, that the Inspector within the short space of three months, seized in that city no less than 800 weight of cast metal weights, one hundred weight of cast metal weights, one hundred weight of spirit pewter measures and 100 potato measures as liable to con fiscation. The beautiful publications called the Annuals, are got up at the immense expense. Many of the pro- prietors paid the distinguished writers at the rate of a guinea per line, and it is calculated that each of the plates did not cost less than 100£. Upwards of 13,000 copies of the most popular were however sold. The canal tunnel under Standedge, between Hud- dersfield and Manchester, extends under ground up- wards of 3 miles, and is 220 yards below the sur- face. At the Glasgow theatre the other day, a man his- sed a performance, in which a tumbler was concerned, and was rudely turned out and taken into custody. The magistrates, on the case being brought before them, fined the manager 20 guineas, and £16 7s. ex- penses. Portugal, at one time, had a population of up- wards of 4 millions, by a late census, it does not a- mount to more than 2,225,000. Lisbon has decreas- ed nearly one half. Mr. Caillier, a Frenchman, has just completed a journey through Africa, as far as Timbuctoo, from which he passed the desert and reached the sea through Morocco. Mr. Sheridan Knowles has produced a new come- dy at Covent Gaiden which is very highly spoken of. It is called " The Beggar's Daughter." The circulation of the Paris paper called the Con- stitutionnel exceeds 22,000 daily, and the profit is stated at 750,000 francs per annum. The weekly expense does not exceed £25 per week, while that of the London daily papers exceeds £120. The Gastronome Française, just published at Paris contains a ''code de tilde," in which the duties of the Amphrition, or the Master of the table are parti- cularly pointed out. In him resides both the legis- lative and executive powers of the table. In dis- pensing its honours " he must recollect that the most delicate morsel of a roast fowl is held to be the wing, and that of a boiled fowl the leg, particularly if that leg be white, fat and plump. The epicure's bit, which we shall not designate more particularly, is the same in France as in England. The morceaux d'honneur in a calf's head are the ears and eyes; in a hare or rabbit the tail ; in a turbut, the fins ; in a pike or trout the back, and in a carp the belly. Steel must never approach fish. Gold and silver are the only metals allowed the honour of carving." In a late proclamation of the Emperor of China, called forth by the troublesome increase of appeals from the provinces, his Celestial Majesty enjoins strict search to be made to discover all law-suit-exci- ting blackguards, and when found to punish them severely. A captain in a militia regiment in the United States having received a note from a lady requesting the pleasure of his company to tea, understood it as a compliment to those under his command, and marched the whole of them to the lady's house. The ship Prince Regent, which is daily expected from London, figures away in the new pantomime at Covent Gorden in a scene representing the opening of the new Dock at St. Katherine'», when this ship was one of the first to enter with a board up to load for Van Diemen's land, Our new Archdeacon, the Reverend C. Broughton comes out a passenger in the same ship. He has a large family, and was for- merly, we believe, chaplain to his Grace the Duke of Wellington at Strathfieldsaye Nollekens, who was a Catholic, having on a saint's day neglected to attend George III, whose bust he was taking, the King, when he came on the follow- ing day, said, " So Nollekens, where were you yes- terday ?"-Nollekens . .. Why, as it was a saint's day, I thought you would not have me ; so I went to see the beasts fed in the Tower." The King : " Why did you not go to Duke street ?" Nollekens . Well,I went to the Tower; and do you know, they have got two lions there ! the biggest did roar so ; my heart how he did roar ! And then he mi- micked the mating of the lion, so loud and so close to the King's ear, that his majesty moved to a consi- derable distance to escape the imitation.-Nollekens and his times. The further progress of the Thames tunnel is quite abandoned for the present. Mr John Armstrong, the famous police-man of Worship-street, died in November last aged 81. He apprehended the noted Barrington, Huffey White, the greatest burglar in England, and Edward Birkett, a noted character, who shot himself on the morning of execution, but lived long enough to be hanged. On one occasion, he fought with a notorious robber along the roofs of three houses in Chatham, the rob- ber after firing a pistol at Armstrong closed with him and endeavoured to precipitate both into the street, but Armstrong succeeded in securing him, and he was afterwards executed. Benzoic acid has been found in the sweet-scented vernal grass, (anthoxanthum odoratum), and in the sweet-scented soft grass (holcus odoratus). It is these two grasses which communicate to hay the aro- ma peculiar to themselves. To secure a supply of water in dry seasons, for the canal of Languedoc, which connects the Atlantic and Mediterranean, a basin has been constructed at Fer- rol, which is perhaps, the most extraordinary part of the undertaking. The immense reservoir, built of granite, is an English mile in length, about half a mile that distance in breadth, and contains an area of 595 acres, collecting the waters of the differ- ent springs which rise in the black mountain. The officers of a frigate who have lately returned from a voyage in the Pacific Ocean, gave Dr. Mitchell a piece of common salt from that part of the coast of Chili to the south of Coquimbo. An incrustation of salt is found along this coast thirty miles in length and several in width. It has the appearance of that compact ice which forms on the surface of lakes and rivers in America towards the middle of winter. Its thickness is about two feet ; when a block of it is re- moved, the space is soon filled up by new salt. It has frequently happened that when mules, horses, and even men, have died in this part of the route (for the great road runs for a considerable distance along the edge of this curious formation) their bodies have been perfectly preserved for a long time afterwards. Bishop Sumner and the Rev. Mr. Conybeare, con- sider that the days of creation may be very proper- ly considered as periods of great but definite length, and it is probable that the earth existed for thousands of years before man was created, and supported her- bivorous quadrupeds and fresh water fishes on its sur- face, as it has now. Mr. Arrowsmith, the celebrated Hydrographer to his Majesty, has published an admirable work called a comparative Atlas of ancient and modern geography. It consists of 26 ancient maps confronted with 26 mo- dern ones, embracing exactly the same countries. The priests in Thibet have a singular mechanical mode of praying. A set of prayers are inscribed on a cylinder like a drum, and at certain times of the day are put in motion to save the priests the trouble of repeating them. Died lately at Ceylon, Major R. Haddocks of the 97th regiment, agent of government for the Kandyan provinces. While hunting, he was overtaken by an elephant, who seized him with his trunk round the body, threw him on the ground, and placing its foot upon his breast trampled him to death. The present prince of Orange is much liked at Brussels. He possesses all his father's urbanity. He rides abroad in all weathers, without great coat or umbrella. Mr. Owen of New Harmony, states that he has made arrangements to be without inconvenience in any part of the world, in which his earnest endea- vours to ameliorate the present condition of society, shall appear to be most useful, as he has no doubt of an entire change being near at band in the commercial, political and religious policy of all nations. (We should be happy to find that Van Diemen's land came within the range of Mr. Owen's travelling arrange- ments.) The celebrated Talleyrand, now a very old man, has just completed a history of his own life and times, which from the great talents of the writer, and the very important places he has filled during the last half century, we presume, will be the most interesting work of the age. We select the following lively and characteristic passage from Mr. Hood's new annual called the Gem. -' Accustomed, says he, to select only from my own portfolio, I cannot guess what sort of a compiler I may prove of the writings of others ; but I have done my best to secure a good parade, by engaging as many as I might of the hierary giants; and enrolling none who were not, at least, a head taller than medi- ocrity. On looking again over the names, with their associations, that grace my muster roll, I confess I in- trust the issue with a very slight anxiety to those merciful judges, the reviewers, and that vast unpack- ed jury, my partial public.' The last arrivals from Brazil contain a very extra- ordinary, and at this moment very interesting state- ment. It is said the Emperor has lately discovered that the Austrian Ambassador at his Court, whom he had treated with the greatest confidence, has so great- ly misrepresented him to the Austrian Court, as to cause the rejection of the present of his portrait, and offer of his alliance. The Emperor has, in conse- quence, become much incensed both with the Am- bassador and his Court. It is well known at Brazil that it was on the recommendation of Austria that his Majesty abdicated the Crown of Portugal in fa- vour of his daughter Donna Maria, and sent her to Europe, and appointed his brother Don Miguel to the Regency. He now regards Austria as having viola- ted her faith, and given encouragement to the usur- pation of Don Miguel. The great Dutch canal now nearly finished is pro- bably the largest in the world, if we except those in China. It opens a passage for large vessels from Amsterdam to the sea, a distance of 50 miles. Am- sterdam has 40 feet of water in the road, but the bar in the Zyder Zee, seven miles below, has only a depth of 10 feet, in consequence of which large ships were obliged to discharge part of their cargo before they could enter the port. The only lock the new canal requires is one at the sea, where there is a powerful steam engine to supply it with water at neap tides, and one at the other extremity. It is 124 feet broad with a spacious towing path on each side, and the breadth admits of two frigates passing. It cost no more than one million sterling. The volume of water it admits is twice as great as the famous New York canal, or the canal of Languedoc, and two and a half times as great as that of the Caledonian canal. A GHOST ! There is a vicissitude in all things."The march of intellect " is already on the wane, like a wearied soldier, or as Smollet describes poor Roderick Ran- dom, after a long day's journey with a heavy knap- sack on his back and scarce a shoe to his foot. I fear indeed that Mr. Intellect has marched himself out of breath, and, as the Tasmanian foretold of my most eminent Correspondent, has prematurely brought himself to a halt. Nevertheless in the midst of my lamentations at his loss, it is some consolation for me to learn that " the schoolmaster is abroad," the present favorite phrase not only among Blue stockings but in the most famed corroborahs of the male literati of Albemarle street, London West, or Parlia- ment square, Edinburgh. In consequence of this singular dislocation of so great a favourite, I have of late been puzzling my brains to find out who this same schoolmaster is that has so unceremoniously usurped his place, and it was only last night at half past eleven, within half an hour of the present morn- ing that I made the discovery, which I now consider worthy of being communicated to my leader. I wish, therefore all men to knew, that for many years I taught the young idea how to shoot in that most classical of all towns (classical on that sole ac- count) the ancient burgh of Sevenoaks in Kent. That I am now abroad in Hobart town, Van Diemen's land, is no less certain, and, indeed, I have come to the conclusion that I am the identical, bona fide schoolmaster alluded to by the blue stockings and the male literati above recorded. And the reasons which urged me thus to come abroad, I wish here briefly to recount. Of all schoolmasters that ever waved the birchen rod I was the most conscientious. Bear witness ye bouyant and brilliant minds that drank in early day's instruction round my rostrum, now scattered, as ye are, in various high employments over the surface of this verdant earth. To see you great and learned, and great because learned was my grand ambition. But who was ever ambitious that nature did not punish? She sent a host of evil spirits to cut off my hopes of glory. No sooner had I laid my studious family to its nightly rest, than demons hateful, though bearing the face of common men and women haunted my si- lent hours and robbed me of repose. If I took up the last number of Blackwood to recreate my mind, a blacker demon stood at my elbow and distracted my every thought. If I attempted to write a letter to my dear friend in the Temple, a spectre stood be- fore me, who though dumb, directed my pen to write the most opposite words to those my sense approved. I chased them, I fled from them ; I challenged them, I reproved them, but like black care behind the horse- men of Horace, they every where pursued me. One man in particular I shall never forget, He wore a long single-breasted, black coat, with very large black horn buttons. It reached within 4 inches of his heels, and each pocket was large enough to hold a bushel of wheat. The hateful animal wore cordu- roy browsers, and dark coloured worsted stockings, in which there was not a single pile of Merino. His hat too I thought was three-cornered, though of this I cannot be sure, (for there was always a sort of in- describable mist or halo round his bead). I had long tried in vain to catch him, at last I placed the chairs and tables so that he could not possibly es- cape me and I pursued him into a comer, where I made sure of him. I shall at least, said I to myself, see what you are made of, I shall have you; but when I had pinned him to the wall — how I cannot tell, he was gone ! Though all the world knew I was a hermit, in the strictest sense, I was tormented no less by a lady in a black silk gown, who incessantly worried me to sit down and play chess. In my rage I would kick the table over together with the men that she had been at so much pains to set, but I had no sooner made a crash as I thought, than all I saw was my old slipper thrown against the wall. I knew the old Syren wished to entrap me into a marriage, which strengthened me the more in my resolution to live and die a hermit, and I flatly told her so, but she would not be denied and haunted me the more. At last I so far recovered myself as to know that these were unreal spirits, and creatures of my own imagination. Yet still I could not banish them. The man with the long coat continued to look over my shoulder, and the lady with the black gown to set the chessmen, inviting me to sit down and play. When I consulted Mr. Abernethy, he gruffly asked me what I came to him for, he was note physician. But when I begged pardon and was withdrawing, he de- sired me to sit down and he would tell me all about it. He said that every one of my demons came out of my own stomach, and he would not allow me to speak when I assured him I never could swallow either them or his doctrine. Other men of medicine gave me other advice, but all agreed in recommend- ing travel, so I went abroad and here I am. For a long time I thought that in the pure, elastic air of Van Diemen's land I had escaped my ghostly tormentors. I had not set eyes on one since I left England. But, alas ! the other day while rusticating at New Norfolk. I entered the cottage of a man, who I knew was earning a handsome income, and more than the ordinary wants of a wife and four children could require. I expected to find a neat and well furnished cottage with every comfort. But, to my surprise I found the wife ragged and dirty, and the children squalid and neglected. The little furniture there was was ricketty or broken. The whole aspect was naked and deplorable. What ! said I, Mrs.---- why do you not make yourself more comfortable? Your husband earns a handsome income? Why do you not get some furniture round yon ? Ah, Sir, said she its no use. When I have put every thing to rights and made the place a little comfortable, in comes Bill with 4 or 5 drunken fellows like himself, and a keg of rum, which they will not quit until they have drank it dry, quarrelling and fighting and knocking every thing to bits, breaking chairs, tables, pots and pans, cups and saucers, and everything they can lay their hands on ; so that I am fain to get out of the way with my little ones until the storm is over, when I come home again to a wreck of ruin, solitude and wretchedness. This sad reply, and re- peated instances of a like nature since, have informed me that the wretched victims were possessed, & that one or other of my hateful demon family had found out this remote island, and had come to torment it, and it was but too evident that this evil spirit —this demoniacal enemy of Van Diemen's land, was neither more nor less than rum. 