A VENETIAN STORY* Alviso Sanuto was n young man of whom his country entortained the proudest hopes. His cou- rage had been gloriously tried in the battle of Le panto, in which ho had performed prodigies of va- lour. His prudonco and foresight had been often the subject of admiiation in tho groat connell of tho state. The old man, his father, ésteomod him as the ornamont and graco of his family : Vonico pointed to him as one of lier host citizens. Alviso was destined to fall bj' an infamous death. At that period both public and private manners were exceedingly severo. The ladies, who gave law to them, only issued from their homes to gp to church, wrapped up iu a veil which hid their face and figure. The balconies of the palaces still present signs of tins ancient severity, the parapets being purposely made so high and large, as to render it difficult to seo from them. Alvise had a heart of the most passionato and fiery nature : ho felt the imperious sway of love, but as yet had met with no 1 idy on w horn ho could bpstow his affections. The ai rival of the French ambassador at Venice, in grout pomp, excited public curiosity. The manners of the strangers bore an aspect of perfect novelty to the inhabitants of the republic, as the ladies who accompanied Amalia, tho mbassadir's daughter, displayed a fire and vivacity, which to many seemed scandalous as well as astonishing. Amalia was in her seventeenth year, and to cultivated and sprightly powers of mind, added those French graces, which, if they do not constitute beauty, are still moro ef- fectual than beauty itself in sodncing the beholder. Alvise saw her when she was presented to tho Dogo, and regardod her us a being moro than human. Ho gazed on her as if beside himself ; and what female could havo beheld him without admiration 1 Amalia read in the noble countenance of Alvise what he felt at that moment ; ,she was affocted, and, for the . first time, her heart palpitated within her bosom. * Tile nobilitv of Venice were «ulijcct to the mo»t ri. cornus surveillance, and dearly |>aiil occasionally for the small degree of power conceded hy the dmal house. The j.alousy of the Government with regnril to these men was carried to cxcl^s. I may mention three regulations among the many Hint related io them, as illustrative of the (falling yoke that pressed on them, nundall their pride and (Splen- dour. The first forbade iheta to leave the dominions of th« state without the ¡.perial permission of the council of ten ; and »hi* was grouted with difficulty. The s coud pro hiliited them from possessing goods and chattels out of s'ate. This was willi a view of preventing tho danger that miRlit arise from attempts lo betray the republic under an idea of finding an asylum elsewhere. The third and most severe decree furhaile loitmunicalion willi foreign umba*. sidorsj under pain of death I The terror inspired by this Wits such, that not only the miniitcrs of the court, but their secretaries and doniesties, fled f nm tho ambassadors as if they were infected with the plague. This decree had numerous results, and nnimig others, one that wai atteuded' with truly tragical circumstauc.il. ' Alvin« from that day vron another beinff. He i knew, lils unhappy ntnto, and tlint his misfortune cmtld end but with his life, einco tho aovnro und unyielding laws of his country renderod all hopo chimerical of over being united with tho Stranger lady. His ni dont fancy suggestod to attempt any mean.1 of again seeing hor who was doaror to him than life. Híb abode was divulod from that of tho ambassador by a narrow, canal. Having procured the assistanco of a Fronch'domestic, ho passodovor to tho palace, and secretly ontorod tho chambor of Amalia. It was midnight; and tho young lady, hor own thoughts perhaps disturbed by love, had not yet laid down, but was Booking from prayer consolation and rest. She loielt boforo the image of tho virgin, hor hands clasped in tho nttitudo of devotion ; and Al viso, boholding hoj angelic countenance lit up by tho uncertain light of the lamp, could, not rostraiu an exclamation of surprise, whicj» roused tho maiden from hor pious rovoiie. Struck with tho oight of bim, she at first fancied, according to tho supersti- tious notions of the timos, that he was a spirit sent by her evil gonitis to tompt her, and utterod some words of holy scripturo by way of exorcism ; when Alyise, advancing, throw himself at hor feet, and before Amalia could speak, disolosed to her, in the most passionate torms, his love, the inconsiderate step ho had taken, and the certain death that awaitod him should he be discovered. Terror, rathor than indignation, filled the breast of Amalia. " Oh, heavens !" sho exclaimed, " what madness could prompt you tims to exposo your own lifo and my roputation 1 Haste, fly from this spot, which you have profaned ; and know, that if my heart rocoils at your death (and boro she gave a deep sigh,) yet at my cry thoso would appear who would not su fror your insult to pass unpunished :" so say- ing, she pointed imperiously to the door. Alviso listened to her as if he had been struck down by lightning. " Then let mo die !" he ox claimed, " for without you life is odious to mo. You aro just taking tho first stops in this vnle of tears ; one day, however, your heart also will know tho emotions of love, and thou, thon think of tho un- happy Alviso ; how great must have boen his pangs, and how ardent his desire to termiiiato thom ! Ho now made an effort to go away ; but Amalia hold1 him, while she said, "Alas! I seek not thv death : livo, but forgot me Trom this fatal moment,5' " To forgot theo is impossible ; to love theo is'deai/i ; thy compassion would sweeten the last moments of .my existence!" "Alvise!" exclaimed Amalia, weeping, " livo, if only for my sako !" " Dq you comprehend the*force ot theso words 1" She trembled at tho question ; but the id pa of her lover dying in despair overcamo all her scruples. " Yes, live for my sake," ehe repeated in an under tone. Unhappy beings I they wore intoxicated with love, while tho abyss waa yawning beneath their feet. A spy of the state inquisition, who was going his rounds, saw Alviso enter the palace, mid recog- nised him. Denounced before tho dreadful tribunal, he was dragged thither that very morning. Con- victed of enteriug the abode of the Fronch ambassa- dor, ho was desired to explain' his motives for 60 doing, but remained obstinately silent. The mem- bers of tho inquisition wero confounded, accustomed os they were to boo ovory thing yield before them, and reminded him that death would be the inevita- ble result of his silence. " Death," he'roplied, " had no terrors for mo when I fought at Lepante for tho glory of ray country and the salvation of Italy ; on which day 1 proved, that under no circum Btances could I ever become a traitor. I call heaven to witness that I am ho£ one. But something dearer .to me than life or fame now imposes silenco on nie." He was beheaded, and his body exposed between tho two columns of tho palace, with this inscription : " For offences against the statute." Tho populace were speechless at the sight, while his companions in arms, his relation's and friends, abandoned thorn selves to despair. Venice presented ono universal scene of mourning. On the evening of the fatal day, Amalia stood upon the terrace of her palnije, overlooking the grand canal. Sho contemplated with pleasurable melan- choly the calm and oven course of tho moon, whose modest light shone in the cloudless sky. Her thoughts wera of Alvise. To divert them, she turnod to gaze on along procession of illuminated gondolas, from which sho heard a strain of plaintive music, as if of prayers for tho dead. A dreadful presentiment seized her heart ; abo inquired the purpose of tho procession, and hoard, with unspeakable terror, that it was the solemnzafion of the funeral rites of a Ve- netian nobleman, who had been beheaded for high treason. " His namoi" cried the breathless gill, iu almost unintelligible accents : *' Alvise Sanuto." " She fell ns if shot; and striking her head in the fall upon a projecting part of the terrace, was mor- tally wouuded, and expired.-Lettere sa Venetia.-. Translated in the Otford Literary Gatette. Independence.--Is the word, of all others, that Irish-men, women, and children-least understand and the calmness, or rathor indifference, with which , they submit to dependence, bitter and miserable as it is, must be a hourco of deep regret to all " who love the land," or foal anxious to uphold the dignity of human kind. Let us select a few case» from our Irish village-such as aro abuudant in every neigh- bourhood. Shane Thurlough, " us dacent a boy," and Shano's wife, n» " clano skinned girl," as any in the world. Theie is Shane, an active, handsome looking fellow, loaning over tho half door of his cot- tage, kicking a bolo m the wall with his broguo, and picking np all the largo gravel within his reach to pelt the dunks with-those useful Irish scavengers. Let us speak to him. " Good morrow, Shane V " Och ! the bright bornes of beaven ouye every day ! and kindly welcome, my lady-and won't yo stop in and rest-it's powerful hot, and a beautiful summer sure-the Lord bo praised !" " Thank you, Shane. I thought you were going to cut tho hay-held to-day -if a heavy shower comos, it will be spoil'd ; it has boen fit for the sitho those two days." " Sure, it's all owitig to that thief a' the world, Tom Parrel, my lady. Didn't ho promise me the loan of his sitho ; and, by the same tokou, I was to pay him for it ; and depinding on that, I didn't buy one, which I havo boon, tbieatening to do for tholast two years." " But why don't you go to Carrick and purchaso ono V '? lo Carrick !-'Och, 'tis a good stop to Corrick, and my toes are on the ground (saving your prosonco,) for I diphulid on Tim Jarvis to tell Andy Cappler, the broguo-maker, to do my shoos ; andj bad luck to him, the spalpeen ! he forgot it." " Whore's your pretty wife, Shane 1" " She's in all the woe of the world, Ma'am, dear. And she puts the blame of it on me, though I'm not in the faut this time, any how ; the child's taken the small pock, and she de- pindid on me to tell the doctor to cut it for the cow pock, aud I depindid on Kitty Cackle, the limmer, to tell the doctor's own man, aud thought she would not forget it, becase the boy's her bachelor-but out o' sight out o' mind-the never a word she tauld him about it, and the babby has got it nataral, and the woman's in heart trouble (to say nothing o' myself ;) and it the first, and all." " I am very sorry, indeed, for you have got a much bolter wife than most mon." " 1 hat's a true word, my lady-only she's fidgetty like sometimes, and say's I don't hit the nail on tlie head quick enough ; and she takes a dale more trou- ble than she need about many n thing." " 1 do not think I ever saw Ellen's wheel without flax boforo, Shane 1" " Bad coes to tho wheel ;-I got it this morning about that too-I depindid on John William to bring the flax from O'Flaharty's this day week, nndle forgot it; and she says I ought to have brought it myself, and I close to the spot : but whero's the good 1 eays I, sme he'll bring it next time." " I suppose, Shane, you will soon move into the riew cottage, at Clum I fill. I passed it to-day, and it looked so cheerful, and when you'got there, you must take Ellen's advice, and depend solely on yourself." " Och Ma'am, dear, don't mintion it kure it's that makes me so down in the mouth, this very minit. Sure I saw that bom blackguard, Jack Waddy, and he comos in here, quite innocent like " Shane, you've an eyo to 'Squire's now lodgo," says he. " Maybe I have," says I. '* 1 am y'er man," says he. " How so 1" says I. " Sure I'm as good as married to my lady's maid," says he ; " and I'll spnko to the 'Squno for you, my own self." " The blessing be about you," sa3'S I, quite grateful -and we teok a strong cup on the Btrength of it ; and depinding on him, I thought all safe,-and what d'ye tlnnk,rmy lady 1 Why, himself stalks into t'le place-tallied the 'áquireover, tobe suie-and with sut so much as by y'ar lave, sates himself and his how wife on' the luase in the houso ; 'and I may go whistle." " It was a great pity, Shane, that you "didn't go yoursolf to Mr. Clurn," .' That's a tjue .word for yo, Ma'am door j but it'* hard if.a,poor'man I can't have a frind to DEPIND on." -- Sketches of Irish Character, by Mrs. S.C. Hall. \----------------------------------------------------------------- Unanimity of Juries on Criminal Tut als.-On the question of tho necessity of unani- mity in jttrios on criminal trials, which has boen so prominently brought before tho public by tho lato proceedings at Cork, there has been sent its a very clover and ingonious pamphlot, published somo years ontitled, " Observations on the English Jury Laws in Criminal Cases, with reepcct to the distinction between Lnunijnoiti Verdicts and Verdicts by a Mujotity," from which wo shall moke no apology for making somo extracts, It Is well known that dificrout rulos prevail in tho different countrios in which, jury trials exist, as to the requisitos of their vordict. In Scotland, whoro tho jury consists of 15, a bare ma- jority of opinions is sufficient to decido their vordict. In Franco, whoro 12 composo the jury two-thirds of tho momburs, or eight, must concur in opinion to render valid a verdict of guilty. In England it is superfluous to montion that unanimity is requisite in all cases of condemnation. Each of these systems is defended by its respectivo partisans, and on its separato grounds, and wo shall not stop to discuss their merits. But unanimity being roquirod in Eng- land, it bohoves us to see, either that ununimitv is obtained, or that, if there is doubt, tho dofeniiant should have the benefit of that doubt. The neces- sity of this rule is forcibly Btatod in tho following passage :-». ' f " It is tho samo caso with an English jury: Supposing tho jury enclosed, and oonsoquently ex- cluded from all further information on tho question of the murder. Three of this jury shall, wo ossumo, be persuaded of tho prisoner s innoconco, and nine of his guilt. Were thiB in Scotland, or in Frnnco, tho majority would bo sufficient to condemn, and the number of that majority would be declared in court; but in England it is very different:-Tho jury aro not hero twelve separate mon: thoy are one body, whoso collected opinion is to bo declared by their foreman. Thero aro, then, doulits in the mind of that body ; and the prisoner has n right, a legal right, to havo thoso doubts of his guilt interpreted in his favour. If the three who think him innocent were to ngreo to a vordict of guilty; they would bo perjured. Thoy would become the executioners of an innocent man ; for to them he would be innocont. It la otherwise with tho nine. They think him guilty ; but their opinion is not tho opinion of tho whole body. They aro only tho alternately preponderating weights in the scalo of a single mind. It is not so much in one scale, and nothing (or what we count as nothing) in the other. The weights ou either end of the beam are, in our'argument, assumed to be of the same quality.-Thoy differ in amount, but neither of them are worth less. Each scale is attended to. The balanco vibrates-there is doubt. If the lighter scalo bo fixed to tho beam, it is a jury of nine. >lf the proportion of the two, with regard to quantity alone, bo considered, we divide truth into parcels that oppose one another :-wo have decision by ma- jority. " Were this a mere case of probabilities, resolv- able by tho doctrine of chances-wero it a life insu- rance that might bo calouluted from the tables of Dr. Price and Mr. Morgan, we might then say (suppos- ing tho jurors to bo equally wiso), that it was nine to three against the person accuBod ; and wo might reasonably conclude that, if tboro wero a multitude of similar cases in each of which there were rocorded a verdict of guilty, out of 12, so convicted, thora would bo three innocent mon who would suffer the 6outonce of the law. This is the unvarnished tale of what, it is to bo feared, often happens in countries where the juries deoido by majority ; but there must boisomething very different, whatever that some- thing may be, in the verdict of our juries ; for deci- sion by majority is not the law of England. A Scotch 'jury literally says, ' thero aro eight of us who think the prisoner guff tv, and seven who believe him to bo innocent ;' and then the man is hanged upon this com pa\ hon of probabilities ; hut such a verdict would not bo recorded in an English court ; or, if it wero, it would bo equivalent to not guiHy." Wo would go further and say, that if thero is not 'an almost instantaneous unaniriity, the man should bo acquitted. What is the meaning of a legal re- commendation, that the prisoner is to have tbo ad- vantage of " reasonable doubt 1" And is it not to be presumed, whon twelvo sworn persons differ on a mattor of fact, that there must bo some reasonable doubt? The great principle on which tho English lawprocoeds is, that the pioof must be decisive, und consequently that the j urors cannot but bo unani- mous.-Times. The repentant Deserter.-Lately two naturally broad-shouldered, narrow-waisted, high-hipped, and proportionable shaped privates of tho 8th, brought before tho Magistrates of tho Head office, Dublin, a deserter. On their being 'ushered into the board-room, a dialogue to the fol- lowing effect took place : Magistrate.-Well, what doyou want 1 Deserter.-Faith we want for nothing, sir, wo oro all together now in his Majesty's sar vice. Magistrate.-What do mean by all together. Do you moan to insult the bench 1 First soldier.-No, no, your honour,-~begging your pardon for his offence, I'll explain every thing to you. Second soldier.-Stop, I say, Jack, stop, I'll toll the whole of it. Fiiat soldier.-No, do you think l'a no tongue to speak, and tell tho ins and outs of it to his Wor- ship. Deserter.-Will your honour hoar plain talk, with all obedience to you 1 Magistrate.-Certainly. Be done, soldiers. Deserter.-I am a country boy, your honour, and I yesterday gave mysolf up (becazo I departed) to these soldiers, and they both told me it was ne- cessary that I should come here, in order that they they should swear to the truth, of every thing that happened me srnco I dezarled, and hero 1 am, and let thom swear us they pleaso against me, I'll give my oath to tho wholo of it. Magistrate.-I cannot get at the bottom of tho case. I do not understand the thing. Come, do serter, and tell mo the wholo of your ¡>tory. Deserter.-Anan ! You mean me, I suppose ; then I'll tell you in two words all about it. I am a dezarter from the 7th Hussars, and surrendered my- self to those mon, and asked them to take care of mo in tho King's name. Magistrate.-Then you havo voluntarily given yourself up as a deserter. Deserter.-Mot a doubt of it. Magistrate-Where were you enlisted Î Deserter.-In Dublin. Magistrate.-When 1 Deserter.-Obi not long ago, your honour. Magistrate.-Were you long joined to the regi- ment I Doserter.-My heart and soul always joined it, but 1 did'nt myself more than two days ; still, wherever I went, i always drank long life to his Majesty's forces. Magistiate.-But )rou did not fight I Deserter.-Fight, "your honour! Oh, ogad I am none of them, 1 am as quiet a boy, oven at fair or pattern, as ever your honour knew, aud that's my character. Magistrate.-Then pray where lay the mgiment whon you deserted 1 Desortor.-In Shelbourno Barraok, at the Greon, your honour. < M austräte.-Shelbourne Barrack, Shelbourno Barrack . why, that's a long time ago ! Deserter.-Not more, your worship, than four toen or fifteen 3'ears. - ' Magistrate (surprised.)-And now you volun- tarily give yourself up as a deserter? Desoiter.-Yes, your honour. Magistrate.-Again 1 say why I Doserter.-Because, your honour, everything is quiet, and Mr. O'eConnoll says we are all one peo- ple.-Evening Mail. .American way of reforming a Drunken Husband.-A lady in tho otate of Ne\v Yoik, took tha following summary moans to avenge tho frequent insults and injuries she had received from a di unken partner. She had married him with a fair prospect of pnjoying competency and happi- ness ; but in the course of a )'oar, he joined himself to a club of merry fellows, and became a toper. She boro his abuse, and oven his blows; for a long time, with-no other complaint tliaa lier tears-but at longth hor situation hocamo so intolerable,, that sho could endure it no longer. Shoireso'.ve'd' on n desporato oxpodient ; njul ¿ii his return from his usual haunt of dissipation,1 just' drunk enough to leave him strength to beat hor, she put hor pi ii u into execution. As soon ai ho was fast asleep, sho Bowod him up in a sheot, with a strong twine, leaving him only a little space to broathe. She thon packed up her clothing, drossod her child, saddled a liorso, nnd wai tod" calmly for herluiBband to nwoko from hil slumbers. A t day-light ho began to movo, and finding the prodicament he was in, poured forth a torrent of cuises upon his wif'o, ordeiing hor to roloaso him instantly. Sho arose, took down a raw hide which ho had often oxercisod upon her own person, and approaching tim bed with porfoct oom posurso, rocounted tho injuries she had received tho ruin ho had brought upon himself -and family the pntiouco with which she had endured hor suffer- ing, and oven declarod that sho thon loved lum as hor own lifo, but sho could endure his tyranny no longor-sho was going to her father's house, taking nothing but her child and a few articlos of clothing ; however, she liad a painful «ocount to settle with him, Suspecting her intontion, ho promisod amend- ment ; but she commenced tho work of flagellation with all tho strength she could oxort ; ho cried for morey, and attempted to extricate himself, but his arms'woro too firmly pinioned ; bo rollod from the bed to the floor, but his wife kept the whip moving until sho thought she had protty well repaid his kindnoss, when she bid him good morning, teok up her child, mounted her horse, and rode away. Sho called at ii neighbour's house, made known tho situ- ation of her husband, and requested, that, at a certain hour, ho might be roloasod, which was ac- cordingly dono. Shame and mortification ovor powered his Iovo of drink ; he livod soberly for one year, when his wife consonted to return to his houso, and they have 'since lived happily and affec- tionately together, rearing a numerous and well ordered family.-American Paper. Dean Swift's Barber. - Dean Swift's Barber one day told him he had takon a pub- lic house. " And what is your sign 1" 6aid the Doan, " 0, The pole and the basin ; and if your worship would just write me a few linos npon it, by way of motto, I havo no doubt it would bring mo plenty of customers." The Dean took out his pen- cil and wrote the following couplet, which long after graced the Barbor's sign : " Rovo not from polo to polo, but step in here, Where nought excels the shaving-but tho beer." Rabbis-Constitute a sort of nobi- lity of the Jews, and it is tbo first object of each parent that his sons shall, if possible, attain it. When, therefore, a boy displays a peculiarly acute mind and studious habits, he .is placed before the twelve folio volumes of the Talmud, and its legion of commentaries and epitomes, which he is made to pore over with an intenseness which engrosses his faculties entirely, and often leaves bim in mind, and occasionally in body, fit for nothing else ; and so vigilant and jealous a disciplino is exercised soto fence him round as to securo his being exclusively Talmudical, and destitute of every other learning and knowledge whatever, that one individual has lately met with three young mon, educated as Rab- bis, who wore bom and lived to manhood in the middle of Poland, and yet knew not one word of its language. To speak Polish on the Sabbath is to profane it-to say the orthodox Poliah Jews. If ot the age of fourteen or fifteen yoars, cr still oarlier, (for the Jew ceases to be a minor when thirteen yenrs old) this Talmudical student realizes the hopes of his childhood, he becomes an object of research among the wealthy Jews, who aro anxious that their daughters shall attain tho honour of becoming tho brides of these embryo santons ; and often, whon ho is thus young, and his bride still younger, the mar- riage is completed. Superstition.-Grievously are they mistaken who think that tho revival of literature was the death of superstition—that ghosts, demons, and exorcists retreated before the march of intellect, and fled the British shore along with monks, saints, and masses. Superstition, deadly superstition, may exist with much learning, with high civilization, with any religion, or with utter irreligion. Canadia wrought her spells in tho Augustan age, and Chal dean fortune-tellers haunted Rome in the sceptical days of Juvenal. Matthew, the witch-finder, and Lilly the astrologer, were contemporaries of Selden, Harrington, and Milton. Perhaps there never was a more superstitious period than that which pro- duced Erasmus and Bacon.-Blackwood's Maga tine. Discoveries at and near. Rome. The last 'number of the Bulletin, des Sehnest con- tains an account of a letter from M. Visconti, com- municated by M. Raoul Rochetto to the Academy of Inscriptions and Belles Letters ; in which he states, that the statue discovered at Fallen, and supposed to represent Juno, is decidedly a statue of Fortune or Clemency ; the only attribute belong, ing to it, being the horn of plenty, which is com- mon to those divinities. M. Visconti montions the discovery of a half figure of Bacchante, in baked clay, of exquisite woikmanship ; and two figures of Silenus, intended for fountains, also of good execution. He states, that by a continuation of the researches, it has boen proved that the Via Sacra did not pass under the Arch of Titus, and that all the interpretations of the vases of Martial, Ovid, and Horace, which appeared so conclusive on this subject, aro erroneous. In the vicinity of tho Temple of Peace, a beautiful mosaic pavement has been discovered ; and in the ruins of the villa of Cassius at Tivoli, several mosaic pioces havo beon found ; ono of which is of hard stone, and of beautiful execution. M. Visconti, in conclusion, alludes to the discoveries of tho Etruscan vases, which wo havo already noticed. The Caucasus.-M. Kupfer having succeeded in reaching the summit of this mountain, at an elevation of 1000 feet above that of Mont Blanc, observes, that the magnotic intensity of tho globe diminishes as» wo ascend, in tho same pro- portion a3 was stated by M. Gay Lussao, aftor an aerostatic ascent of 20,000 feet. Ancient Medal.-The Counsellor of State Fraehn has recently discovered, in the magnificent collection of medals of Counsellor Rei shel, a silver medal of the dynasty of Sessanides. It is of Narsos, king of Persia, and represents hi« bust, with an inscription in old Pohlewy characters, signifying, " The sorvant of Ormuzd, the excel- lent Narshi, king of the kings of Iran." The date of this modal must be between 296 and 300 yoars before Christ, during which period Nurses reigned. -Leipsig Lit. Zeitung. Beet-root Sugar.-The manufac- ture of sugar from beat-root is still making way ra- pidly in France, with almost daily improvements. Within the last fortnight a manufacturer near Paris has taken out a patont, by which he undertakes to diminish the time hitherto required for completing the process at east on<\--third. Appiioachts to London-bkidoi.-In December a special session was held at Guildhall, to assess the amount of compensation which should be given to Mr. J. G. Wiench, as freeholder ; and also to bim and Edward and Henry Wiench, as occupiers of the premises, m Three Tun-alloy Upper Th imes-street, where they carried on an extensive business as wholesale seedsmen. Mr. Wrench at first claimed for the freehold of tho premises the sum of ¿¡f 10,000, the estimated value on a rent of ¿£"400 a vear ; and ¿£8,309 was claimed by Mr. Wrench and his sons, as a compensation for their loss as occupants. The claim was afterwards reduced to ¿¿ 12.9JJ. Tho Common Sergeant conducted the case for the corpo- ration, and Mr. Adam that of tho claimants. Several surveyors having given evidence as to the value of the premises, the jury teturned a verdict, assessing the value of the freehold at ¿£6,200 the compensa- tion for loss on removal at ¿£l,2I0. Law.-It has been supposed that quakers are now Hablo to serve on juries. It is not so. Tho 7th and Otu William III. cap. 34, which exempts them, is still in force, being specially exempted from the repeals o íumerated in Mr. "Peel's Act, by tiio 63d section of that Ait. Liteuatuke.-Amongst a number of interesting docuraont'? discovered by Mr. Rae ' Wilson, in his late travels in Russia, thai o is said to bn an original correspondence between Mary Queen of Scots, Elizabeth of England, and the King of France. These capera are sainte havo been preserved, with many others, by the Russian Ambassador at Paris at tho time of the Revolution. 