ORIGINAL COMMUNICATION. (Continued from our last.) The inhabitants of the Isle of France are celebrated for their generous hospitality-go where you will always a hear- ty welcome is awaiting you ;- a stranger might travel round the Island feasting like an alderman at every house he comes tp, without incurring one farthing expense; indeed the planters will not allow you to make presents to the slaves. I myself, not aware of the custom of the Island, was the cause of giving offence to a very respectable gentleman, who observed me giving a trifle to an overseer of his that had rendered me some little service, and so much did he take it to heart, that when I left him be requested me in future to con- sider his house was not to be made as an inn of, what he had, he said, I was heartily welcome to, but if he had ever in- tended to open a public-house, he would have fixed himself in a more public thoroughfare. The planters in general are very rich, and live in great splendour ; the climate, it is true, considerably adds to the comforts of the country residents, leaving them but very few wants that cannot be supplied from their own estates, whence they obtain every kind of tropical fruit, and all the dainties that are usual accompaniments of an European farm-yard.- Among the plantations with which I was most delighted was that of Mr. M_____, situated about twelve miles from Port Louis : the arrangement and order reigning throughout the whole of his establishment is highly creditable to the pro- prietor- he has about 200 slaves, who are encamped close to his mansion, and whose huts form a complete village, but as I intend adding to my observations on the Mauritius a few remarks on the slaves of both Islands, I will not now give any further particulars. Mr. M_____ has very extensive sugar plantations, and a steam engine to crush the cane on a very new and simple construction. There may be some of my readers who are not acquainted with the manner this very useful article is manufactured ; it is simply this - the canes are cut early in the morning or late in the evening and carried to the mill, where tbey are passed between two iron cylinders, which so compresses them, that the juice tbey con- lain is nearly wholly extracted ; this juice is conveyed by a gutter or trough to a reservoir, from whence it is put into boilers, where it is allowed to simmer, to the best of my re- collection, an hour and a quarter; it is then allowed to cool, after which it is packed in coarse bags, which are hung up, and the dripping from these bags is what is termed molasses, and require only re-boiling for a short time to produce a com- monner and very inferior kind of sugar ; after the dripping process is finished, tbe sugar is dried in the sun on large platforms, and afterwards packed for shipment. This is a rough sketch of the manner usually adopted, but there are so many various plans in vogue, by different individuals, that it would occupy a very large volume to give any thing like a description of the many systems. At a proper season, before the heavy rains, the cane js planted, and slips being placed in the earth at fixed distances, and the time most profitable for cutting is just when the cane, is turning- if it is too green it does not partake of nearly the same quantity of' saccharine matter as when on the eve of ripening-if, on the contraray, it is allowed to remain till too ripe, then a less quality of juice is obtained. The time of cutting, as I have already said, is usually during the night, tbe effects of the sun be- ing very injurious to the canes when once cut, drying up, as it naturally does the juices. A friend of mine accompanied me to Mr. M-------, who received us in a truly hospitable manner, having some little dessire to pass an hour or two with my gun, I made friends with one of the chief blacks of the establishment, who soon showed me, hares swarming like rabbits in a well-stocked English warren, but the day was so excessively hot, that the exertion of walking only, was nearly causing body and soul dissolving partnership, at least my body was unques- tionably very fast dissolving, so much so, hat I even began to think it would be, comparatively speaking, a cool treat to have got into a baker's oven, when his dough was just going in. Almost all the spice gardens of the Island have been de- troyed, the planters find it so much more to their advantage to encourage the growth of the cane than any other kind of pro- duction; the spice harvests are so very uncertain, owing to the hurricanes, i was walking over a plantation with the owner, when he told me, that three weeks previous if any person, had offered him 30,000 piastres fro the produce of his spice plantations, he would have refused it, but as he then assured me, he would let my body have all they could gather for nothing; the fact was, a hurricane had blighted all his hopes, his shrubs wre either torn up by the roots, or so much da- maged as to debar the possibility of obtaining any produce; so disappointed was he, that he declared it was the last year a single spice should grow on his estate, he would have every plant grubbed up, and canes planted in their stead. The planters cultivate large quantities of Indian corn, which with yams and rice, form the principal food of the slaves. The commerce of the Island is of very considerable im- portance - no wheat being grown here, is the reason such a regular trade is kept up with the Cape of Good Hope, from whence they obtain corn, beef, butter, and other provisions, which cannot be obtained on the Island. Rice and corn, and all kinds of produce from India, are in constant demand. England supplies cutlery, clothes, cottons, and some kinds of silk, hats, harness &c.; French wines are in abundence and always drank, light wines being the only kind of beverage \---French jewellery, silks, and in fact, every article that can be brought into the market, to compete with the English ma- nufactured goods are of course most patronised by the French, while every article that can be procured from old England, the English prefer. The exports consist of sugar, which is of the first and greatest importance, a little clove, and other spices. ebony in large quantities, which with rum and arrack, and a few other trifling etceteras, will sum up the whole list of articles of ex- port from the Island. The duties are in most cases trifling. French manufactured goods, such as jewellery, leather. &c.; &c.; are high, viz., 30 per cent.; but the jewellery is gene- rally smuggled in, on account of of this heavy duty: wine, (French) pays 7½ per cent. on the value. I should imagine that no Island in the world is better supplied with goods of all kinds than the Mauritius, the frequent opportunities they have of obtaining just what is wanted from their numerous visotors, no doubt considerably tends to keep them well sup- plied with most articles. The bazaar, ot public market is always well stocked with plenty of all kinds of produce, yet during my stay, every article brought there for sale, realized very high prices. nearly two-thirds of those alreday stated as current at Bourbon. I have before said, wheat is not grown on the Island, and when I left, flour was so excessively scarce, that the Government limited each baker as to the number of loaves that he was to bake daily, and so scarce and valuable was a brick of bread, that, while on a visit to a gentleman a few miles from town, he absolutely sent a slave to Port Louis, on the previous evening, to wait at the bakers for the bread of the next mornings' baking, and even with all this caution, the man sometimes came back empty handed, the short ration which was allowed, would, it was considered, carry them over about fourteen days longer, but I have since learnt that few days after my departure, fresh arrivals placed the wheat market on its usual footing. Game of all kinds is in abundance, deer, hares, partridges, and nearly every every kind of game that can be mentioned, except the pheasant, are found in abundance. On an Island, a few miles distant from Port Louis, hares are so numerous, that I have been credibly informed a person may destroy scores and scores of them with a walking stick, but owing to the amazing num- bers, there is little feed for them on the place, consequently they are mere ghosts of hares. The boatswain. or as the French call it, parlencue(straw in the tail) from the very long feathers of the tail, resembling when flying a straw, is a bird well known to most seamen who frequent this part of the world; they are a kind of gull, and build their nests in the holes of the rocks. I once visited the grand cataract, to which I recommend the lovers of the sublime to pay a visit; this is a spot mucb frequented by these birds; and a good shot may have fine sport. I was a great deal amused by a dispute between two of my guides, as to how far a gun they had got with them belonging to to one of them would carry; one was of opinion that it would not carry a ball across the ravine, wheareas, the other betted him he would hit a certain stone he pointed out. There was agreat deal of preperation before the gun could be properly loaded to please the owner, and when he was ready to take his aim, a monkey of a largish species was seen leisurely descending from one rock to another, towards the very spot which had been fixed on as the object which was to decide the wager. It was too good an opportunity to lose, so lying flat on the ground, the black took such a leisure aim, that I really began at last to think he never would fire, But the trigger was pulled, and the ball was seen ti strike a projecting piece of rock, and the monkey fell down the terrific precipice, and was soon after discerned floating dead down the stream; from the position where the animal was, I very much question whether the ball could have struck him, and it was my firm belief that the monkey must have been frightened by the noise of the ball hitting the rock, and so involuntarily given a fatal leap, but the blacks would not allow the monkey to be such a fool, they were certain he must have been injured by the ball; some of the slaves are excellent shots, they have an eye like a hawk, and can point out game, which to a stranger would never attract his notice. I have been out monkey shooting, when one of these fellows has tried to shew me a monkey sitting between two branching arms of the tree, he has pointed with the gun, expaining to me where he was, to where the animal was perched, and yet I have not seen any thing but wood and leaves, when giving him the piece and telling him to shoot, down would come the monkey. It is no easy mat- ter to kill these animals, they are excessively quick in their motions, and unless there are two or three of the party, it is a chance whether you may see one for a whole day to- gether, although you may be surrounded by them. Centi- pedes and mosquetos are the only venemous insects on the Island, the latter are exceedingly troublesome to many newly arrived Europeans, and the ladies particularly suffer from the bite; most of the beds in the Colony have what they call mosqueto curtains, which are made of a kind of gauze, and close round the bed-posts. The town is well supplied with water, many of the inhabitants have pipes conveying it into their houses in the same manner as in London; the best water is conveyed through the aque- duct from a little stream about 4 or 5 miles from the town, the inhabitants are indebted to the English for this great im- provement, for formaly they were very badly supplied with that most necessary article. All nations that have at any time been of importance in the theatre of history, have had great care and attention paid to facilitate conveyancing of goods. It can perhaps not be de- cided whether it is the roads that make the nation, or the na- tion make the roads, but surely every country that has thriven, or in any way held her head up in past ages, has left traces behind of her roads being of the utmost consideration during the time of her prosperity, but politicians may decide the question, whether good roads make a country rich, or the riches make good roads; but whichever way they may decide, they will not spoil by this decision the very excellent roads of the Mauritius. The town being so sheltered from the winds, cause the heat at times to be most oppressive; I have frequently gone a considerable way round from my nearest road to where I wanted to go, in order to avoid passing a white stone wall, whre it really is overpouring to approach, the rays of the sun, being so reflected, and the stagnant air almost preventing the respiration. The shops are a credit to the place - there are very many of a superior order, very commodious, and always well stocked with goods the parties trade in. There is a plenty of good workmen, but generally speaking labour is very dear; the Europeans are but little inclined to work, and the blacks are slow and very dordling workmen. The washerwomen deserve great praise, for they certainly make your linen look white, and the "gross bonnets" pay five piastres the hundred pieces, whether blankets or shirt-collars; but the usual price for the inhabitants is about four piastres the hundred pieces - like all the rest of the French washerwomen they knock the linen into rags - instead of washing the clothes between their hands, they place them on a flat stone, and thump away with another with all their might and main, till the linen either gets clean or gets into rags. Lizards are very common and never destroyed, they are perfectly harmless, and are encouraged into the rooms - fre- quently of an evening you will see scores and scores creep- ing along the walls and ceiling - it is in the evening thay come from their hiding holes in search of the flies and insects on which they feed - they are of various colours, but in my opinion the vert vert is the most beautiful. (To be continued.) 