VAN DIEMEN, LAND NEWS. (From the Tasmanian, May SB.) We rejoice to find that the state of the Sister Cilony was in evory wiry most.satisfactory. That crisis to which we are approaching hore, has .passed over in New So.ith Wales, and every day brings with it enereased improvement. Theharvest had been as productive as. was ever known. -T,he wheat and maize was of tho finest quality,-tlie former in particular, being generally of a much 'heavier des-, cription than had been ever before giown. Ma;zo was selling at as. ourrency per bushel. Oats and bailey even lower, Wheat .of^ihe flrstr quality fetched 8s. Potatoes 5s. per cwt, Conunei ce w a* rapidly improving. The prices qf eveiy avficlp of importation were imi roving, and, as is "the certain, consequence, colonial produce had udvuncod pro portionubly in value. So great has been the im- provement in the geneial state of the Colony,, that several of our merchants are about to tranship large murket^iäifiow found u*ndvaiitagoon«asitifl'sâçUire. OuÉ^tHlorá'inByí'iost.nssWod^tUntfoojlónitil/Üopi'os^ sion hói'Oji Jin8,iiot|reac"md, ,i,ts; Nutlir. ''Ótir qmbitr raVs'meríís"have hí'yat hardly íomméricedí* *',..''¡4' THE STEAM EvçffÎE.~Dr, Walker-lias commenced landing' his steam pngino. ",'\Ji'o unterstand "it will* bo'in full or/eration'in"about twojiioulhs. It is o most admirablo. pioco, of machinery, entirely neV, never having been in uso but to prove the accuracy of ' its movotnents. It .will'grind and dross five hundred bushels of Wheat per diem, if kept con- stantly at work', tis is the etiso with the engines at Svdney, chimney is constructed upon "the self- stnoko con- suming principio, tho npprohonded annovunce from its largo fires will he little folt. Mr. Walker lins taken the precaution'to provide a sufficient quantity of iron pipes for tho conveyance of fresh watet from tho creek to tho boilor, wheroby his engine, being freed from tho injurious effect of the muriatic acid of the salt water, will continue in a much longorond much better state of preservation than would other- wise be the caso. . THE SPUKM FISIIF.UY.- The Dmermt for tho sperm whale 'fishery, the property of Capt. Wilson and Mr. Adey,, has sailed for her'destination. This fine vessel is equipped in the most ostensivo manner for a two years cruise. Independent'of 'the oven-' tual advantages which the Colony must.derivp from this adventure, much immediate, good must arise from- the 'largo stims^which have been expended in the oqujpment of the Dereron, which vessel, we believe, block and fitting out will bo. of tint value,' nt the time of hor sailing from port, of at least .eight thousand pounds.. Captain, Wilson,, whp lins per- sonally'' superintended the wholo equipment of the Deve.iyn,uis qi.titled to great praise for tbe~Iihornl manner in which ho has ospondod so largo a.jäum within'the Colony. *' ' " <>>"'-»«** W.»U"A i'.-Tho prico of wheat still keeps up., The average price mav ho quoted at about 7s. for,fair »amples. "We ttust it will not fall lower.' Tho settler, cannot grow it for ¡ess, .the difficu'ty cf co_i};i voyance to market, and other circumstniices duly considered; 7s. may DO taken as a'fair remunerating prico, when,the prico is lower,tho grower v.ill ;bo at least no gainer "by his agricultural operations. Moat is plentiful, of good quality, and of moderato prico. Excellent beef about 4d. ; mutton per quarter, Aid., by th'e carcase 3d. per lb." Vegetables are abundant and of excellent quality. If the, market was generally rosorted to, it would soon become equal to any in tho world. ' '- ~~ .. (Fi om the Hobart Town Courier, May 29.) Arrived on Sunday tho 23d inst. tho schooner Harlequin'/ Allen Monteith, master, from Sydney 29th April, having boen twice put back by con- trary winds, with 4 bales slops for C. M'Lachlan 21 kegs butter W. Wilson, 4 cases cheese G. Rand, 4 do and 5 boxes oranges and lemons, -7 [cases?] tea, 1 hhd. sugar B. Guy, IO pieces cedar J. Chapman, 1 box oil of peppermint J. Hacket, 3 casks, 2 cases hosiery, weights, and scales J. Boyes, 50 pipes wine, 184 deals Dawes and Newitt, 500 cocoa nuts A. Monteith, 40 boxes soap Crombie, M'Laren, & Co. 15 do 10 bags sugar,10 boxes preserves, 10 bags ginger R. Lewis, 2 horses T.H. White, 30 boxes apparel, &c.; W. Lawrence, 30 muskets, 7 casks powder G. M'Farlane, 47 coils rope, 2 cases lines A. Monteith, 1 case books M. De Gillern. Passengers Messrs. T. H. White, James Radcliffe. James Davies, Thomas Aird, G. M'Farlane, Blair, Jack, Brilly and F. Malony. , On Friday last tho schooner Priilce Regent, ar; rived at Launceston from Sydney, and on'Monday the brig Queen Charlotte from the same pl;)ce.> The Clansman had not'yet'sailed for England, and let- ters wore sent o er last night which it is presumed will be.in.timo for thamnil. W.e cannot avoid here contributing our small mead .of applause to the go- vernment, and- to Capt. Welch in particular, who has been tho grand instrument by his late careful survey of the Tamar, of rendering the navigation of Tossels of even 500¡tons_burthon safe and easy*all the way to Launceston. _ > During the last few weeks, tlie'seasoiiabio inter- change of showerá end fair wenther has-huon Sin- gularly favourable to a">ricultuial operations. Not only lías tho'ploiigh be-m actively. at.vvcn;k,,b,uií-íuó. harrow al .o and a lar^e proportion of both wheat and burley, has beon sown, some of which ¡s'dliea'dy up and shewiiig a fine healthy verdant blad.oi wheat is u{ the f.irmor average of about 7s. a bushel.1 Cattle and other live stock appear to>bo under- going a small increase in prico. At Mr- M'Kav's sale .« Thursday, some u'oVken oxen were sold at from 10 to 141. a pair. " > , On,Monday our colonial shipping receive.! a va- luable addition iii the launch of a beautiful new ?sloop,-built by Mr. Gray at tho wharf for Messrs^ Young. and. Walford, and intendod in the whale fishery. We rejoice that this profitable and praise- worthy business thus prospers and increases, to the b&nefit; of those concerned and the colony generally.' The sperm, fisjiery also, wo are happy* to «ay priy mises to become a highly important branchof our colonial enterprize. Besides the vessels' already ongagod, Captain Wilson .hasjust completed the fitting out of the Deveron, at an expensó of not loss than p£ö00p. She is alto)ed from a Tnig into a three- masted vessel, and will snil in a few duys-for the fishing ground. We cannot refrain, ou this, oc- casion, from pointing out to,,our readers'genendlV, the valuo that such men ás Mr. Wilson, is.toav colony liko'this. . Ile not only ioiports and oxpoits largely .with the mother country, but lie fostors the trade with Sydney, Mauritius, India,.and lat- terly with Swan -river, his exports to which latter place added to thoso of Mr. Gellibrand and othei& have been of very essential benefit to' tho cominu nitv. While on this subject, we mav be al'ow ed to call attention to the largo exports of colonial pro- duce, especially of oil, to the mother country, by the hemse of Messrs. Kemp and Co. We trust Mr. Kemp will reap tho full benefit of his enter- prize, and that the extra caro and attention he has latterly devoted to the filling and stowing of the oil casks will bo amply repaid. Mr. Jones, the excel- lent Cooper, who has m.ulo the proper shipping of oil a chief object in his business is almost exclu- sively employod by Mr. Kemp for this purpose, and it is but justice to state that those oils, the stow- ing of which were intrusted to bira, have lost faiMoss in tha voyage home than any others, Wbile some,casks we reglet to say were'found to 'haveleaked 20, 30 and even 50 per cent, when they reached tile'London docks; those" fillod and stowed by Mr. Jones (as in the Sai ah) did not lose more than 5 or 6 per cent. " , , ,t n I was going, said an Irishman"over Westminster bridge the other day, and I met PatHe'wis,-Ilewis, says .1, how are you ?<\---Pretty welLiSays he, thank you, Donnelly. Says 1, that's nat my name. Fait,, no moré'is'min'e'Hewis, says hoi ' So wo looked at each .'other .-again,'-and sure, it turned out to be naither of us,-and where's the bull of that now 1 \- 'Dyseñtry bad"broke out'ùmông the convicts em-, ployed on the public, works at Bormuda, from the effects of whioh no less'than between 30 and 40 had'died,within S'months tip-to the end of October last. The works wera proceeding rapidly, and tile Governor' Sir'llilgrouo Tuiner, had arrived fionY New .York- > - ' ? Dr. Francia, the notorious tyrant of interior Brazil, diecl in October last. ' ' * < No bank has yet been established at Rio, and great distress continues to prevail in all mercantile conferns." The slave ti ade which has been carried p.n there so long w ith unblushing eflrpnteiv, was to .aase by the Emperor's edict on the loth Feb.* last, in.confonnity with the, convout.on with England, The now Empie»s had arrived. '" Capt.'It. Ross of the Hippomanes meichantman, .f.om J\Iat.ritius .to Lpndou, gallantly wai dod off an attack of the same piratical bchoonci in Oct. last, which' we have'so olten had occasion to me-ition as cruising in the Atlantic. The morning Journal has bean obliged to apolo- gise^ by advertisement in all the London papéis for a libellous paragraph which it published on Mr. I.evey, commenting on his ' connexirn with Mr. Thomas Peel in his expedition to Swan river. Sir John Claiidgo who was thojuc'g s Penang, on his lotirement, received three addressos, subl- et ibed by 20 British merchants, landholders and other Europeans, 80 -respectable Chinese, and 50 Ch ilias JUes^rs, Boyd, Beebe, and Co, had brought an action in the Supremo Court, Calcut'a, against .fCapt. Fuller, of the snip-JW"««, for lefusmg to deliver up cor'nin goods consignod to them, till the'freight had* been either paid or secured to him, which terminated in a verdict for the plaintiff [ Damages, 20,000 rupees and costs. .¡sThorp firoftin^nlouttn ten1 Atrapa s atjw.liicli ho-M ,s1dos''or'din'iiry.'bdök^B.](l'wliat is üallijd job p_nting)( ' tlioro urti pprlodiciül^ípuhllsl^éd.p daily ifowspopovsil ? .ijliitlf weekly rfyvvspapers, 3 ,wcok!y trïçwspiniijir's', political- aijd ,litoniry, 3'weekly pricfi currents',, 4 wookly native,nowspapers, 4 monthly publications,' 4 "quarterly do. ^yoiuly do. besidos"sovoral"daily advertisers. :, ' \ "'J'ho state of periodical liloraturo in this country (remarks ' tho Indian Gazette) is exceedingly de- pressed. . Alagaziuos and royiews have beeil ût-f tempted ; and from their" having' disappeared after H very short oxisteuco, it may' be concluded that thoy were but littlo encouraged , Bosides. the Ori- ental Qudrtéilil Review (which may bu called an annual, consiticring its visits are low and far be- tween), the Gleanings in Scicnoo, tho Ivalouloscope, and ono or two sickly missionary pamphlots, which look more uko ghosts of publications than any thing to which we can liken thom, wo know of no other periodicals which issue,from the press of Calrii 11. Letters from Aberdeen state that,tie uttermost exertion* are making to throw Mr." Hume out of the district of'boiMiighs.at the r.ext general elec- tion, and with every prospoct of their efforts being successful. Sir J. Carnegie is reported-to have so-; cured throe out of fire, which if tr,uo,.will undoubt- edly secure¡his olee t ion. ., ,-,.?','; LAUNCESTON, MA Y 24, 1830---On Thursday last three women, a child, and two youths of the black native people were brought to this place. The women and child are part of those set at liberty by Mr. Batman a few weeks ago. They have been taken at Mr. Gee's hut as Piper's river, where they had no doubt gone to procure provisions, believing their brass passports would have protected them from violence, and induced the white people to. supply their wants. They complain of having met with a different reception to what they expected, and that the white men took away their passes, pipes and tobacco, killed their dogs, and made them prisoners. The two youths were taken at Port Soreil by Mr. Thomas's overseer, who treated them kindly, and supplied them with food and clothing : they are the finest lads of the sable race I have seen in this colony, one of them is supposed to be a chief's son ; his hair is besmeared with red ochre, and hangs in graceful ringlets down to his shoul- ders. I understand they were alone and without food of any sort when captured. About three o'clock on Wednesday last a party of armed blacks entered the hut of Mr. Froggert, on the first Western River, during the temporary absence of one of his men, who was gone to the river for water, and notwithslanding Mr. Froggert and two others, his servants, were at plough in sight of the hut, the savages succeeded in robbing it of nearly all its moveables ; one of them ran from the hut up a hill with a bag of sugar, weighing about 130lbs., with surprising swiftness. They selected and took away, one loaded gun from three others which were unloaded, but which they took care to examine, as the pans were found thrown up. I hvye just learned that the same party have robbed Mr. Dry's stock hut; on the same side of the river. I know of no part of this district where so many robberies and murders have been committed with impunity by the black native people, at the north side of the Western River. ' " JUNE '5.-Atrive'd bri Wednesday the 2d instant, the ^sliip. Flora, Capt.'-James Shersff,; from Singa- pore lind Java, 10th April, .with a cargo consisting of'-rice^'coffee, sugar' and'segars. !lùS.rq passengers. . ?,Same ,day. the.,schooner .Active, ::Càpt. Wright, fro'm London 8th Dec. Cape lstApril 1830,. with a general-cargo ' chiefly for the Yah-* Diemon's 'Land Company.. Passengers, .Mrs. .AYrigh.t îand ''2 ch'il d'reri.''nn'dTrâ.'Lbo.."'.'''" " ' ', . ?' ' ' y 'Sailed oif'Wodnesday the 2d instant, Hie schooner ?Harlequin,; Capt.yVllun. Monteith,, for ;New; Zea- land,*'with 7 casks powder,'30 musltets, 'Í2 caslís salt,.-28 onipty.casks, 1 .case-muskets, 1 dp.,tobacco pipes. Passenger, Mr.' Georgo' Macfarlane, "the' 'chá'rtoreív ' ?'.' ? f|i; '''' ' ' ' ' '',W-, ?:.:.<. :. ' ..: The.¡/(«n/i/f jynl^witli,- goods and'., the '?'Governor PhiUip wite troops,, both arrived .at: Launceston frbtn Sydney The 'Clansman, ,was to sail on Tuesday, as,also Davidson, wlth' 'full cargoes-for England. the' Lucy' 