'SíIfctDoctrp. NOTE TO THE ADVOCATES FOR THE REMOVAL OF SMITHFIELD MARKET. a " Swttplng our flocks and herds near *_|_ 2 2 2 0 0 philanthropic men iI ''To this address I need not make apology " Who aim at clearing out the Smithfield pen, And planting further off its vile zoology- ' ¡ Permit me thus to tell j I like your efforts well For routing that great nest of ornithology > ¡ Be not dismayed, although repulsed at first, "And driven from their horse, and pig, & lamb parts ; 'Charge on you shall upon their born works burst, And carry all their ?/ti/i-warks and their ram- ports. > Go on, you wholesome drovers, And drive away the Smithfield flocks and herds ! As wild ooTartar Curtis, That come so fat and kicking from their clovers, a Off with them all those restive brutes, that vex Our Streets, and plunge, and lunge, and butt fit battle; And save the female box * From" being cow's, like to, by the cattle ! Fancy's lion droves appear on The "hill of Holborn, roaring from its top, ,Your,ladicR-ready, as they own to drop Taking themselves to Thomson's with a Fear-on ! Or/in St. Martin's Lane, v Scared by a bullock in a frisky vein,- i ' Fancy the terror of your timid daughters, While rushing sense into a coffee-house ' TöTritTit-Slaughter's I Or fancy this "Wulkingulong-the street, some stranger Miss, Her head with no such thought of danger laden, When suddenly 'this-' Aries Taurus Virgo 14 ' You don't know Latin, I translate it or go, Into your Areas a Bull throws the Maiden ! j Think of some poor old crone, j "Treated, just like a penny, with a toss 1 At that vile spot now grown ' "So^generally'known 2 For making a Cow Cross ! ' j sunny, fancy your own selves for from stall, Or shed, or shop and that an ox infuriate Just pins you to the wall, , Giving you're strong dose of oxy muriate t Methinks I hear the neighbours that live round The market ground Thus make appeal unto their civic follows -* 'Tin well for you that live apart-unable ' To hear this brutal Babel; 'But our firesides are troubled with their bellows. Folks that too freely sup Must open put up ""With their own troubles if they can't digest ; But we must needs regard The case as hard That others' victuals should disturb our rest,- [no 1 "That from our sleep your food should start and jump Wo like ourselves a steak But, sir, for pity's sake, . We don't want oxen at our doors to rumpus I It we do doze-it really is too bad We constantly are roar d awake or ring ' Through bullocks" mad That run in all the Night Thoughts' of our Young I' Such are the woes of sleepers-now let's take The woes of those that wish to keep awake ! O think when Wombwell gives his annual feasts,? 'Think of those 'bulls of Bashan,' far from mild ones ; Such fierce tame beasts, That nobody much cares to see the wild ones ! 'Think of the show-woman, . what shows a dwarf * ' Seeing a rod cow come ' To swallow her Tom Thumb, And forced with broom of birch to keep her off ! 'Think, too, of Messrs. Richardson and Co., When looking at their public private boxes To see in the back row Three live sheep's heads, a porkers, and an axe . Think of their orchestra, when two horns come Through to accompany the double drum ! Or in the midst of murder and removes, Just when the ghost is certain, A great rent in the curtain, And enter two tall skeletons-of horses ! Great philanthropies' prey urge these topics Upon the solemn councils of the nation ; Get a bill soon, and give some noon The bulls a bull of excommunication t Let the old Fair have fair play as its right, 'And to each show and sight he shall be treated with a free list latitude : To Richardson's stage dramas, Dio-and Cosmo ramas. Giants and Indians wild, Dwarfs, sea-bear, and fat child, And the most rare of shows-a show of gratitude !'. 