TO THE EDITOR OF THE TASMANIA.V. • SIR, Arrab' Mr. Editor dear, will you cnll to the Couriei if you plase, and jist beafter telling bim to lienisy with his hlaguarding us. He lias dared tor., t us " Raw Hibernians." If they should by chance s-e his news in Lunnon wluit will tbry think of us pool Irish. Sure, won't they ca'l lnm a bad man for putting such names on u- in print and what will they say of the nation of Van Clemen's Land for taking in and reading such news. .16 there no gentleman on the ground to-take our part, not one to roar out sharne tn abuse the whole Irish nation round ah-'ut. Oh I muriher, isn't too bad. I was going to the public house to'ther night lo take mv glass in comfort, when jist as I steptin, who should be there hut the body snatcher, and two inore ill looking ghosts of fellows silting with li m. The moment' they spied rae, the b ufy suntche' says, here comes a "Raw Hibernian." My bi nd was all up in a fluster to the top of my head while you'd be axing the loan of an old sack. Hy J—s says I, I'll tell ye what says I. if ii was not that his Honor the Governor is nut of town, iind that I swore I would not l.rale the pace of the Camp during his Honor's absince alter the blacks, and that I gnvt my hand and word to Mr. Mulgrave there and then in the Polish office, I woubl be on my good behaviour lor a short time I'd " ettarminate" ye successfully off tne earth! Ilow dure ye call any lintiest woman's son name6. Can't ye let a hotly alone hut ye must be ngmvatiiig him. Did I mislest ye. I raded up a grate dale ; more ill iaiiguage that's not fit to mention m print, but Mr. Editor dear, can ye blHine a man who was so provoked. The Cornier may make game of us, and have tis laughed at, but he ouuht to have laminganuff to know thata"Llaw Hibernian" is as good as him any day. Ilesays. the Sheriff is a fine gentleman, because lie knows if lie said any thing else heV have little Murphy (raw Hibernian «s he is^) after him, but us poor victors he stabs " chance mcdling " What will the settlers up countiy, in Port Dal. rumple think of us. One word more to the Doctor. As grate fools as we " Raw Hioeriiiads 1 ' aiewedid not take his advice to catch katiga rows and milk them, we did not iet about bottling catshup fur England as he advised us. Then he said we should not milk wild bulls and cows, nor brew beer, but buy all them ihings ; then he tould us that the more whiskey that was drank the Jess we'd be drunk, but we "Raw Hibernians" did not believe that. Then we saw in his prent that Porther was bad for the stomach but that whiskey cured all disorders, and wou!d put lite iis» man, although he's prach. tng every week that it brings them to distriction. He then tells us that sheep are chape but their mutton vety deare: That fine wool will make one's lortin, b#t then you must runaway from the carcus and take to tne wool pack! What do soldiers know about hlony as the Con. rier talks about when they go after the blacks, atid if they shoot twenty five out <.f fifty and the other twenty five are frightened lo death it's no eitaiminatiuii It's quite an aise to them poor craturs, that's not •«spilling bloodshed" at all ut all But if you be plased till the Courier not to callus" Raw Hibernians'* any more, because we could rill him that barring the Govrruuieni Gazette he'd be but a bit of a Raw Scot" himself, and that us •• Raw Hibernians' work hard and pay a grate dale of rum taxes to pay htm heaps of money, and if we are forced in re.id hit news, we s|!nu|(| not be tnal trated by a man paid for cramming laming down our throats, as ibey do the Turkeit at home, and tlie Courier Will PISM rifoUtft thai be ought to have Christian charity enough to know that a « Raw Hibernian" is as good in the eyes of a grate and inarciful Creator as any " Raw Scot" dial ever was borne. I am Mr. Editor, Your Umble Servant to command, PATRICK SHILLEUH. 