THE MISERIES OF HOSPITALITY. To the Editor of the Australian. SIR,—For the edification of the multitude ge- nerally, and settlers in particular, I have made free to send you a few memorandums taken during an excursion in the interior, 'midst antres vast, and deserts idle, rough quarries, rocks and hills, whose heads touch heaven, and all those sort of things. Accompanied by a friend, and two sable guides, we set forward on our journey, and were, occa- sionally a little impeded by scrubs, swamps, &c.;, but as I had calculated upon all these at starting, they gave us very little annoyance. We walked on gaily, and now and then took a snack from our provisions, and had reached about thirty miles, when the setting sun warned us that it was high time to look out for a dormitory. In about five minutes walk, we came to one of those elegant buildings, denominated par excel- lence, log huts, .but finding no one within, we took possession thereof, made a fire, rummaged over the place till we found a keeper of milk, part of, which, and some biscuit we had with us, af- forded an excellent repast. Shortly afterwards the owner of the hut re- turned, and although a little surprised, made us heartily welcome, and insisted upon making tea for us. After chatting for some time, we proposed going to sleep in our cloaks before the fire, but to this the good man would by no means consent, and to our horror and dismay would have us nolens vo- lens take his bed and blankets, which, after a stout resistance, we had to so; and here our mise- ries commenced; nor ended, but with our [?] countless myriads of bugs, and fleas kept up such an unremitting attack, that, aided by the stench arising from the beds and blankets, which were black as Erebus, and foul as ---------, we could not sleep a wink. We gladly rose at daylight next morning, and after taking a drink of milk, de- parted, on our way, which fortunately lay through a very picturesque and interesting country. There can be no doubt that walking has a ten- dency to create an appetite, and as a practical il- lustration of this matter, I must say that we found it necessary to halt now and then, and make a vigorous attack on our store of biscuit and brandy. We had this day a very fagging walk, complet- ing a distance of six and twenty miles, chiefly over rocks, hills, and sands, and during the last six miles, were most thoroughly drenched by a very heavy and continued rain. In this elegant condition we came in sight of two or three wretched log huts. From out of the very worst, arrayed like a Tat- terdemalion, forth issued the worthy proprietor to bid us welcome to his castle. We aIl together black, white, and grey, entered the hut reeking wet, and from our grotesque appearance, would have made an excellent caricature. We were shortly forced to abandon the hut, as the mosquitos were too strong for us, and the rain having ceased, preferred remaining in the open air, surrounded by small fires. Our politeness was now doomed to endure a most severe test. We of course found the farm to be one of the finest in the country, to be most beautifully situated, soil rich, views delightful, ad- vantages unparalleled, and concurred besides in all the praises he most profusely lavished upon it, yet, notwithstanding all this, notwithstanding that we were wet, cold, stiff, hungry and tired, this ruthless agriculturist, although it was near nightfall, would have us to go and look at-the maize. Oh! heavens,. a shock from an earth- quake would have been preferable to this aeq. est. We were so stiff with our long walk, that we could scarcely drag one leg after the other, yet were forced to enact the stupid mummery of going a considerable distance over soft ploughed land, to inspect a few acres of a plant we had seen many thousand times, which we could see just as well from the hut door. To increase our annoyance, we had no sooner hobbled round and through the first piece, than we were mercilessly dragged to see another piece planted in a lagoon, which we found so soft and rotten by the late rains, that we were nearly bog- ged, and narrowly escaped losing our shoes. We at length returned, covered with mud and filth, wishing every bit of maize fairly at the Devil. This ceremony of going to see the wheat and maize, ridiculous as it may appear, is invariably inflicted at all farms, upon every visitant, no mat- ter under what circumstances of fatigue or indis- position he may arrive, no attempt to evade or procrastinate this sort of penance is of any avail, go he must, and must not onIy look at it, but walk through it, and quite [?] it, however soft and muddy the land may be. Having fairly done with the maize, we passed a comfortable evening, as our host was all hospi- tality and kindness. Dispensing with all the state metaphorical al- lusions common upon these occasions, let it suf- fice that we rose with the sun, and proposed a visit during the day to a family residing a few miles off, and in order to appear decent before the ladies, donned the last of our clean socks, little draeaming of the treat our kind host had in store for us. Having settled that we should vjsit Mr.. and Mrs. U. after breakfast, our friends, of the country proposed that we should go quail shoot- ing before breakfast, to which we, unsuspicious of wrong, consented. Our friends led us a nice trapse for about two hours, through mud and mire, bog and fen, and we had then the satisfaction of returning without having seen even the ghost of a quail, and on our way back had to pay a forced visit to the con- founded stock yard, and whilst up to our knees in dung, to pretend ecstacies of admiration over a quantity of vagabond cattle. These, Mr. Editor, are but a few of the wrongs inflicted upon travel- lers, under the garb and semblance of kindness wherever they go. Should you be roaming at any time in the in- terior, you will be reminded, no doubt, of my adventures, in looking at the maize, and quail shooting. Your's, &c.; A PILGRIM. P. S.-—I had almost forgot to say, that our quail shooting and visits to the stock vard, so bemired our stockings, that we were ashamed to make our proposed vjsit. To the Editore of the Australian. ZIR, Ize be a new comer, and therefoor you maunt creetcaze my zayings of this or that. Ize be from Teignmouth, in Devonsheer, as nice a leetel waterring place, as you would wish to zee in a zummer's day. Zachariah my Zon, pursuadeed I to zettle heer, and Zue, my pratty slut, with old Dorcas my woife, did so teaze I with the zights of Hemus and Kangarooze playing about the [?], loike teany cheekadandies, that I ave zold hoff all, and gotten about a thousand for Cherry-cheek cottage, and am come to zettle among 'ee. Lord love 'ee, what a fuss to get heer--speades, and haxes, plows, and heroves, speening wheels, and bobs, zo lumbered up the ould ship, that I zaid to myzelf, "we'll zell zome when we get to Zydney." Wee took mortal kare of the ould peectures, of great grand feather in the wellum cap, and of the grey kat Grizzle, end kittens. Zounds, what a [?] grate vuss did all my vamily meake, when they larnt of my cooming to Bottony Bay. There was Giles Gobble, Bill Walemouth, and all the vamilies of the Goslings, zo inteened I a- bout the Bottonny Negurs. Thoff kattle [?] I dinna kare, thoff I brote my Habeapey kows, for they be natur good cows. Thoff voife calls I en Horses kalf. For bloods blood says I, thoff they be beastusses. I am toold that the grete won be wery wary, but wery condescending to honest folk--and the liken o' that, and praps I shall have a bitt [?] a- bout my fearm; if zo, I will tell un our feashion down our pearts of the kooutrey. What a foine klimate Measter Heditor, lord zookens and daizeys, zawd lots of bairns, withouten any thing but a round about; and as for your zoil, a beats the world, why what leazy folks you be not to plant the wines, and kultivate hops, and tobakkee, besides a thousand other [?] wegetables. I cum to gett'n a thoozand acres, and if I get two hundred arabel land out of the grant, I shall think myzelf lucky. Those that money let them buy leand, for in a little time, thoozand and thoozand volks will come to zettle, and they will by leand greedily for homsteads near the kapital toons. Lord what foine weather! Luk, only zee, zee the leetel duck- lings how they peaddle in the water. It is somewhat astonishing that the fearmers dont hirregate their leands, that are zituated on on the banks of rivers and creeks; for I am zure and zartin that they could find machineery, with [?] of bullocks hides and cats for the water, at least, I will troy the plain, when there is a droute. The golden pippin, and the krab appel would zute this zunny zoil in the ottum. Zachariah told I the other day you are very weastful with what I call the appel of my eye-- the dung; and Zue zaid the gals never spun, or larnt to zow. O you leazy folks, you leazy folks! the blezz- ings of Heven, dont be preezed by 'ee. You think of beastly rum, instead of nice home brooed stuff; \--a plague and murren zeize thee, zay I, for your extavagances, and dressings, and fiz-gigs, and furbelows.--I be a plane spoken mon, and as I have a hitch for writing, I will from toime to toime, give my neebours a bit advice, as to their goings on, and tell 'ee Measter Heditor a bit of my moind about yourself, if it is wanted. Zachariah, and Zue, and old Dorcas zends their biddings to 'ee,--And I am thoy hoombel zarvant, 'till death do us part, GILES GOOSEQUILL. Piggory Farm, Maay, 1830. On U'ednesiUV 'Mr7ii7iiifif Just ice Forjici, as th-* .iHilff*. of tlteioral I'ourr.of Vipf Ad miralty, gwv* :j-id|rmKnt on-.ib« luw p-jin'* involved, in rh'f* pmfrartrd Visf -«f tbr l)ir liujr.sclioi»nrV-»'riilih|f 'that 'the furffff nrr-nf llip vi»s»c| wjis incurred. 'for breaches of'tiii* rt'iTiiue, ai stilted in tlin inf^rtiiHlion., pro vided the evidence uddnerd 4-oubl helieNl-tA Kiistitiii th- two first -'»iMits. . 'I'lii? ?It'.iriifil ,li|'li;«t nt ilir name tiiwe directed a vcrliiil anir-ndment-«ilvi* t'bin«e iii the m-coihI t-irmir, ?ind direrted -rhn conti-ndiujf p'^rtitHi' to jin-- eecd mi the examination'- of ' witn«**»M, in ordrr to ?leiVfiniiii! whether or rnViifo iiifor-' ni:t'ion ivii» . niiHtainablit by Tacts. Thus when' the itfKttrr neeinpd to bu ^jot aaimetvlirrc near an einl-iiiif, it in reality h.is Mdt:aiti-iK-'l little beyond. | lie.-iiiiildli1 Hlaj;ry.if ao far. ,. O tlin ^htriaii« duhteiicB. and prut-raslinulions of ibit'lHtr. * VVo f*M«l « f»h»*«nr« in fM.nting,-.tltnt Syiliiey -hii« Tecfiyo'«l'-rr very viilMHl-|e.,o«- cjt*i«iittr'i«-'itit IliVraVy. ?i^Hletit^ in'tiiV. i»er««»n 'Hjf:-.1lr, ll«iyle, to whoso airnoiinceiinJiri iVf bis': ha vi it if optTicrT n-bis«ic;»l Kt-niiiiiiry i iis it iippenrn in atiollier |»i^'-« ivocoiilblenll^ r««ftr out renrif-'frt; - _ Tile lemnr-for -i.»M*«*ii ? pr.»»posorl by Mr. ii. nrt «'Xtrcii»ely muder attf. 'I'liifl in out* recoiuiiieii(liilioit, which, hacked- by' hi* nttcnfioii a'tiil- »bih4y'- we ^rn**t 'ill not fiiil ta gain liiin 'a donu'rviii^ Klniri; of publi'c sii'jiport. -' ' * : .. .A specimen o I Von I liai- h-;on brought to SyJnc.v Irom Mr. .Veotmirs furiii at llun t-erV Ku'eiV whfcli i«- hfghry bittttnitiuiiM, i«nrl i^tiites rapidly. \- A wcw wntcli-houso, we nri- glad to. (ImcI; \\* tnlki'il of rh likely to bi; Uiini-kcd up in Hutiter«str«%ct, which is uiucli needed. ' '??' Affinr'ut liritr 'p'ntit kvvoii on Wvdncaclny se'ii night, n Ringiiliirly ? brillii'pit nuloor, which cipI n body, ofli^lit uroiiml ii, iibniit hiilf tlio npparj'iit ilinim*u-r «»!'. 4h».' .innoii, was obsurv«-«l in g.liiJo. t lir.m -h ..lU-; iitiiio« j»!rir»-, un4 viuiiuli whvii.ub.uu( fuurtlvgrevH or au libove.lhe horizon, i.,^:.- . ..:. ? Mr.' h rid Mrs. flocking gnvc'tt tiril! arid anpportp a select titimhtr of friend* ,-oti Wj}d'ne'sdiiy ercnfi»(,', Jbciljg the tuutivcr KKV ol'. ^iiir'md'r&»^-ir....: ;,?. n-». ?, Jj.. '; v ' ? ?- ?? '.'? ? uv; ' ? .. .?'??-. ujc: 