The Courier. SATURDAY. MAY 29, 1830. Arrived on Sunday the 23d inst, the schooner Harlequin, Allan Monteith, mas- ter, from Sydnev 29th April, having been twice put back by contrary winds, with 4 bales slops for C. M'Lachlan, 21 kegs but- ter W. Wilson, 4 cases cheese G. Rand, 4 do and 5 boxes oranges and lemons, 7 cases tea, 1 hhd sugar B. Guy, 10 ps cedar J. Chapman, 1 box oil of peppermint J. Hack- ett, 3 casks, 2 cases hosiery, weights and scales J. Boyes, 50 pipes wine, 184 deals Dawes and Hewitt, 500 cocoa nuts A. Mon- teith, 40 boxes soap Crombie, M'Laren, & Co. 15 do 10 bags sugar, 10 boxes preserves, 10 bags ginger R, Lewis, 2 horses T. H. White, 3 boxes apparel, &c.; W. Lawrence, 30 muskets, 7 tasks powder G. M'Farlane, 47 coils rope, 2 cases lines A. Monteith, 1 case books M. De Gillern. Passengers Messrs. T. H. White, James Radcliffe, Jas. Davies, Thos. Aird, G. M'Farlane, Blair, Jack, Brilly and F. Malony. On Friday last the schooner Prince Re- gent, arrived at Launceston from Sydney, and on Monday the brig Queen Charlotte from the same place. The Clansman had not yet sailed for England, and letters were sent over last night which it is presumed will be in time for the mail. We cannot a- void here contributing our small mead of ap- plause to the government, and to Capt. Welch in particular, who has been the grand instrument by his late careful sutvey of the Tamar, of rendering the navigation of ves- sels of even 500 tons burthen safe and easy all the way to Launceston. During the last few weeks, the seasonable interchange of showers and fair weather has been singularly favourable to agricultural operations. Not only has the plough been actively at work, but the harrow also and a large proportion of both wheat and barley, has been sown, some of which is already up and shewing a fine healthy verdant blade. Wheat is at the fotiner average of about 7s. a bushel. Cattle and other live stock appear to be undergoing a small increase in price, At Mr. M'Kay's sale on Thursday, some work- ing oxen were sold at from 10 to 14l. a pair. On Monday our colonial shipping receiv- ed a valuable addition in the launch of a beautiful new sloop, built by Mr. Gray at the wharf for Messrs. Young and Walford, and intended for Ihe whale fishery. We rejoice that this profitable and praiseworthy business thus prospers and increases, to the benefit of the concerned and the colony generally. The sperm fishery also, we are happy to say promises to become a highly important branch of our colonial enterprize. Besides the vessels already engaged, Captain Wil- son has just completed the fitting out of the Deveron at an expense of not less than L6000. She is altered from a brig into a three- masted vessel, and will sail in a few days for the fishing ground. We cannot re- frain, on this occasion, from pointing out to our readers generally, the, value that such men as Mr. Wilson is to a colony like this. He not only imports and exports largely with the mother country, but he fosters the trade with Sydney, Mauritius, India, and latterly with Swan river, his exports to which latter place added to those of Mr. Gellibrand and others have been of very essential benefit to the community. While on this subject, we may be allowed to call attention to the large exports of colonial produce, especial- ly of oil, to, the mother country, by the house of Messrs. Kemp & Co. We trust Mr. Kemp will reap the full benefit of his enterprise, and that the extra care and at- tention he has latterly devoted lo the filling and stowing of the oil casks will be amply repaid. Mr. Jones, the excellent cooper, who has made the proper shipping of oil a chief object in his business is almost ex- clusively employed by Mr. Kemp for this purpose, and it is but justice to state that those oils, the stowing of which were intrust- ed to him, have lost far less in the voyage home than any others. While some casks we regret to say were found to have leaked 20, 30 & even 50 per cent, when they reached the London docks ; those filled and stowed by Mr. Jones (as in the Sarah) did not lose more than 5 or 6 per cent. We were much gratified on Saturday evening last, to hear Capt. Friend express himself so highly gratified with finding that an institution like the Van Diemen's land So- ciety had already been established in this colony. He said it far surpassed his most sanguine expectations, as he was convinced it would also those distinguished gentlemen in England whom he had the honour then to represent. It had done and attempted more than any young society he had ever known, and he verily believed it would succeed. He said he gloried in being a member of it, and would support it to the best of his ability. A president we observe by the advertisement, is about to be elected in the room of Dr. Henderson, who has left us, and We trust, under propitious auspices, thai the new pre- sident and the members generally will not forget the important duty they have under- taken, and will exert themselves to promote the objects of the society, and in some mea- sure to erect it into an ornament of, and to ennoble, the island of which they are now be- come essential and constituent parts. Complaints multiply in town as to the o- peration of that section of the impounding act which allows 5s. a head for beasts im- pounded from the streets.-Cows, bullocks, donkeys, goats and pigs are in consequence slyly driven from their usual feeding ground by unprincipled persons, and shut up in the pound for the sake of these 5s. per head. One gentleman yesterday paid in this way 20s. besides pound charges, for a sow and 3 little sucking pigs, which had been driven from their own home into the streets and thence to the pound. Hobart town, we be- lieve, is wisely divided into 4 police districts, with a respectable district constable over each, and to them we conceive under the present system is chiefly intrusted the care of the streets. It would be well, therefore, if each of these 4 gentlemen were empower- ed to inquire into the circumstances of such cases, and where rank imposition and even perjury might be supposed to exist, to bring the case before the chief police magistrate. We admire the operation of this excellent law on many accounts, especially on that of clearing our streets and gardens of the nuisances to which they, were before subject- ed, but the best enactment, that ever was passed is liable to corruption, and we must guard against it in this instance as much as possible. The other day a cow was driven 3 miles from her usual plate of pasture and impounded by a man, who was ready to swear he had found her in the street (which of course he did after he drove her into it) but the charge was considerately paid ra- ther than subject him to the risk of perjury, who having formerly had the sentence of death recorded passed on him for a heavier crime, might, in common, we regret to say, wtth too many others in this place, feel less hesitation to commit what he might think the mote venial offence of forswearing him- self. The hawthorn and sweetbriar hedges are now stripped of their leaves, and put on their wintry appearance, and the apple and other fruit trees in the gardens that are not already bare, betray their yellow withered condition, calling up a transitory recollection of an En- glish autumn. We would remind our read- ers, that this is the most favourable season of the year for the transplanting of fruit trees, for the sap being now down, the plants will suffer less by removal, and will have time during the winter months to take root and establish themselves in their new position. We would remark also that the aphides or American blight, (the same which was notic- ed in Mr. Thomas's communication at the last meeting of the Van Diemen's land socie- ty) which has unfortunately shewn itself so common on the apple trees round Hobart town, delights in such a stiff clayey soil as abounds here, and is often killed by a remov- al into sandy ground, or by the admixture round the roots of several barrow loads of sand and wood ashes, accompanied! with a careful brushing of the brandies and wash- ing them with newly slaked lime water. A writer who signs himself Mercator, has last week favoured the readers of the Tas- manian with some amusing, and indeed we may say commendatory comments, on a pa- ragraph of ours the week preceding. The letter is an admirable one, and we do not wonder at the Tasmanian being proud of such a correspondent, who seems to mono- polise his productions in that journal. For this reason we regret that the Editor should have dared to mutilate the present letter, bearing evident marks as it now does of ma- terial breaks and blanks. The passage criticised by Mercator is an extract from the last Westminster Review. Mercator is a writer of a most penetrating genius. He has not only discovered more meaning in the paragraphs we have printed, but he has dived into the inner recesses of the Invisible's penetralia, and dubbed that unknown writer with titles he himself never could have deemed himselt worthy of Since the passing of the act to prevent doubts as to the operation in this island of the Usury laws of England, some anony- mous person, for the jest's sake, has adver- tised a money agency office, and one or two of our contemporaries, not understanding the joke, have most amusingly taken it up in a serious light, and have clashed and floun- dered away against 30 per cents with all their might and main. These articles on stilts remind us strongly of the Rehearsal, or other mock tragedies The Act of Coun- cil does not alter the old law in the least, and we1 flatter* ourselveá'We hàVeiong since written out of fashion the*"system pf extor- tion which, once prevailed,t Our settlers, we rejoice to say, are not now reduced to the needy alternatives they tfére of old, nei lliar are they so sill} as to pay 30 or 50 per cent, for an accommodation which «nay al- ways be readily afforded tbem at the Banks for ten. > - , On Thursday was the day when the ten- ders for wheat to the Connmssaiiat tcrwin ated.> We understand that they were very numerous, and the tenders were accepted «t 8% Gd. and under, Capt. Sturt has returned from his expedi- tion to the interior of New Soulh Wales. In 'sailing down the Murrarabidjee he is «aid to ' ba,ve fufiud it grpw wjdejr aud wider, until, puj-suing.'ts course it opened iota ihe sea ne»r|) opposite Kangaroo island (a most ex- cellent spot for a new colony should Swan river be ultimately found .not to answer). ,Tlie opening of the rivet irrt» UM sea is bow ever described as shallow and narrow, which if so will account for its net before having been discovered. Altogether if is however, a most important discovery, ' and we auxi öusly look for a fuller and »nore ^'W ac- count from Sydney. M - The finding of the court martial at Syd- ney on Capt. Robmsonof the Veterans, has been confirmed by the Home Government, uamely that he be dismissed from the ser- vice. l (From the Berkshire Cibronicle ) " Saxony has long proved that Spain has ! no peculiar claim ti» rearing the finest wool bearing sheep. Saxon wool is of finer qua- lity than Spanish. This has arisen from different causes-first, a careful selection of the animals that carried ihe finest fleeces ; secondly, a constant attention to protect the flocks against sudden changes in the wea- ther, particularly > violent colds, rains and snow; thirdly, to" keep the sheep bn dry sound soil, not too rich in grass. Our Me- rino breeders formerly (for now theie are scarcely half a dozen in llritatn,) spared no expense iii selecting the best breed, but neg- lected entirely protection to the flock in bad weal her, and the quality of pasture. The breed in Spain is au upland, and not a moun- tainous race; but the breeders iii Great Bri- tain consider good feed essential, and placed their flocks in rich meadowland, or old pas lure grass of an under-stocked park. The Merinos were' seized with the rot, and tjie breed acquired ther batt.reputatiou ofíreiiig particularly subject to t!u> complaint. From experience of a flock of my own, kept on dry hard pasture, I can aver I never saw an instance of foot rot. Then the English breeders made no establishment tor protect- ing the flock in bad weather, and had a strong prejudice against housing sheep i i any circumstances. The Saxons have for each flock on a farm, and often large enclo- sures a regularly-built range of sheep sheds, orcoveiedin low houses, with yards enclo- sed. Those of différent ages and kinds are kept separate, and the houses and sheds are as nicely cleaned & dressed up as in the sta bles of an English spoilsman. The sheep are never suffered to be exposed te showers of long continuance, nor to sudden cold after moderate weather, nor to snow. One heavy coki shower after warm weather will most materially injure any fleece, for the finest fibre at the .root, affer a chill of the animal, becomes exactly at that part of a weaker texture, and the wool stapler can di- rectly detect the fault. I am decidedly of opinion, that the dry healthy sheltered pas- ture cannot be turned to a better account than by devoting it to Merino sheep mi the Saxou plan." / I was going, said an Irishman, over West- minster bridge the other day, anti 1 met Cat Hewis, - 1 lewis, says Í, bow are you ?-Pret- ty well, says he, thank you, Donnelly. Sajs I, that's nat my name.* Fait, no more, is mine Hewis, says he. So we lookejL at each other again, and sure, it turned out to be neither of us,-and where's the bull of ilhat now i Dysentery had broke Qdt among the con victs employed on the public works at Ber- muda, from tlie effects «if which no less than between 30 and 40 had ¿lied within ¿.months if* to the end of October last Tbe. Works vere proceeding rapidly, and tWnGöver Sir Hilgrove Turner had arrived front New j York. Dr. Francia, the notorious tyrant of inte- rior Brazil, died in October last. No bank has yet been established at Rio, and great distress continues to prevail in all mercantile concerns. The »lave trade which has been cairied on there so long with nn blushing effrontery, was to cease by the Em- peror's edict on Ihe 10th Feb. last, in con- formity with Hie convention with England The new Empresa had an ¡veil. Capt. R. Ross of the Ilippomaues mer- chantman, from Mauritius to London, gal- lantly wanted off'an attack of the same pira- tical schooner in Oct. last» which we have so often hart occasion to mention as cruising in the Atlantic. The Morning Journal has been obliged to apologise by advertisement in all the London papers for a libellous paragraph which it published on Mr. Levey, commenting on his connexion with Mr. Thomas Peel in his ex- pedition to Swan river. Sir John Claringe who was the judge at Penang, on his re»¡renient, received three addiesses, subscribed.by 20 British mer- chants, landholders, and other Europeans, 80 respectable Chinese, and 50 Chullas. Messrs. Boyd, Beebee, ci? C6, had brought an action in the stiprçllie coiíjrt, Calcutta, against Capt, Fuller, ol* the ship Fairlee, for refusing to deliver up certain goods-consign- ed lo them, till the1 freight had' been either paid or secured to-him; wliicîftërjrhuiafed in a verdict for the iJlaintiff-^^mageiÎKàOiOOO rupees and costs. <\^. " f {' Theie are in Calcutta ten presses,1 at which, besides ordinary book and whafis catted job/ printing, there ape periodically published 3 daily newspapers, 3 half weekly newspapers, 3 weekly newspapers* political aud literarv, 3 weekly price -currents, 4 woekly native newspapers, 4 monthly publications, 4 quar- terly do 7 yearly do. besides, several, daily advertisers. -> The »tate of periodical literature in this ctuntry (remarks the Indian Gazette) is ex- ceedingly depressed.''Jtbgazinçs and re- views have been attempted; and from their having disappeared after a very short exist- ence., it may be concluded that lh»y were but little encouraged. Besides the Oriental Quarterly Review (whit h may be. called an annual, considering i;s visits are few ami tar between), the Gleaning« jihScience, the Ka leidoscope, and one MT two sickly uihsniii.u vr pamphlets, which look more like ghosts of* publications than any thing lo which we c m | liken them, we kuow ol no other periodicals, which issue from the press ot Calcutta. I ! Letter^ from, Aberdeen state that the ut-1 mo$t exerliuni ?rc inakgta to -th,tQiv Mr. Ilunie'out t next gqncial clecthui, and with evcYy "bros pect of their efforts being succ,es¡»ful." Sir J. Carnegie is' reported to have secured tlnee out bf five, which if true, will undoubtedly secure his election. ; , Fears begin tohe tnteitnincd for the safetv of the Active, a small schooner belonging to tlie Van Die. men'« Lind Company, whirli saihd from London in Jnn'uaiy, some days before lite George Canning, j Tlie Mermaid, Capt. Ilenniker, and the Alex- ander Jamisen, «¡iii prisoners, were r>n the point of »ailing for this port in January. | The Ling and Elizabeth were loading Jnf tbe London-dock«, and may be shortly ex.pi oterf With mi rchnndize. Capt. Lusk does not sail III hi» vessel Until next voyage. Toe Orelia, Kprn min», and Bombay, are daily , expected with cargue» .from Hie Muuriiiu* and India. , '.,' i In the l/érwent, tliirf* dav, Ships F.li/,i, Mary, Wanstead, Arab, Devemn, tirios VOIIIM», 0*IO|U>»«, | A'id g Veinitieiit Wig Lenjiojd «bom io nalt tor Ma'iii Island and Launceston. '' LAUNCESTON, MAY 24, 1830 - On Thursday last three women, a child, and two youths of the black native people were brought to this place. The women and children are part of those set at liberty by Mr. Batman a few weeks ago. They have been taken at Mr. Gee's hut at Piper's River, where they had no doubt gone to procure provisions, believing their brass passports would have protected them from violence, and induced the white people to supply their wants. They complain of being met with a different reception to what they expected, and that the white man took away their passes, pipes, and to bacco, killed their dogs and made them prisoners. The two youths were taken at Port Sorell by Mr. Thomas's overseer, who treated them kindly, and supplied them with food and clothing; they are the finest lads of the sable race I have seen in this colo ny, one of them is supposed to be a chief's son; his hair is besmeared with red ochre, and hangs in grace ful ringlets down to his shoulders. I understand they were alone and without food of any sort when captured. About three o'clock on Wednesday last a party of armed blacks entered the hut of Mr. Froggett, on the first Western River, during the temporary absence of one of his men, who was gone to the river for water, and notwithstanding Mr. Froggett and two others, his servants, were at plough in sight of the hut, the savages succeeded in robbing it of nearly all its moveables; one of them ran from the hut up a hill with a bag of sugar, weighing about 150lb., with surprising swiftness. They selected and took took away one loaded gun from three others which were unloaded but which they took care to examine-, as the pans were found thrown up. I have just learn- ed that the same party have robbed Mr. Dry's stock but, on the same side of the river. I know at no part of this district where so many robberies and murders have been committed with im punity by the black native people, as the north side of the Western River. Blue Hills. 25th. May, 1830. The Aborigines are daily commuting depreda- tions and outrages on the eastern side of the district of Oatlands, George James, one of the Oatlands Field Police constables, at the head of a party of black rangers, accompanied by Jack, a black na- tive, as guide, fell in with a tribe of Aborigines, on the 14th, instant, about a mile distant from the Blue Hill Bluff. The party first heard the noise of dogs, and then the natives rising from their fires. Jack instantly pointed out the route the tribe would take, when the party moved on rapidly to cut them off. The noise made by the nativess in the act of hunting, was heard the whole way, by the party, who were, after four miles walking, placed in ambush behind a large fallen tree. The dogs came up to the spot, and the moment they saw the white men, they begin to bark, and all traces were lost of the natives for that time. The party again came on the natives, on the 11th, as they were hunt ing in Mac Hellie's Marsh, their appearance was so sudden, that they had no time to keep out of sight, one was not more than fifty yards off; and the mo ment he saw the party, he called aloud to his country men, and they all fled. A race now began which lasted a considerable time , the natives were now so hard pressed, that they were obliged to drop a number of blankets, pots, knives, tinder box and steel, tobacco, waddies, spears, &c.; The native dogs kept round the party barking and annoying the men all the time. Thirteen were killed. The natives now disappeared. Jack now began to haloo, after the manner the natives do, when any of them are lost. In less than five minutes he was answered by a woman and boy, who came directly to the spot, where the party was; but they must have smelled the white men ; for all at once they took to their heels. They could not see the party where it was concealed. The party pursued them into a ravine, and saw them drop behind a log ; but, strange to say, they could not be found. Ben lomond, 24th. May.- The report in the Colonial Times respecting the natives plundering Mr. Bostock's shepherd, and also, of their having been seen near Mr. John White's is entirely false; and I am sorry to say similar falsehoods are daily spread, which oftentimes lead the parties astray,who are in pursuit of the blacks. Not a black has been seen in this quarter for months past. The women that left Mr Batman's farm on the 7th of April last, were brought into Launceston last week, from Piper's River. One out of the five, had died, another had been shot, and the three that came in had been very shamefully treated. During the whole of this time these poor creatures could not meet with a single individual of their own tribe. (We feel much pain at the above distressing narrative, which if corro borated by our correspondent at Launceston, and we sincerely hope that the cruel aggressors will be brought to account. Had these women been kindly and hospitably treated by the whites wherever they went, as they had been at Mr. Batman's, should they happen again to have fraternised with their own people, they would have given a favourable account, and perhaps have prevailed on them to act peaceably to the stockkeepers and the generally. But when they have been thus inhumanly used, what are we to expect will be the result, should the treatment they have met with come to the knowledge of their friends and relations yet in the bush? The dictates of our own breast must answer the question. To tilt Editor. I'pío lo apo'ogize.to -5fr. Allard»c*. respecting »nadver'isemeut in ihe (Courier some tupe past. I acknowledge myself wrong in meotioninif that gentleman s name, a« I'ha'd nv Intrntton »h .verof fticusing him ot any déprédation doae lu my cattle or sluep. ^ EPW. NiCltotAS. . Nant, tStli,May, 18l(». ] A dud has b-rn fou^lit at Erlir.htirßli between the editor «f the Scotsman newapiper. and '(lid Editor of the, CihdoiiMn 3Ieie>iry. The latter iii ciiticiging some «ta uary' winch is 'freeling at EtiMuiirgh, couiuiuoted v'^rv 't'oiigiy onvlis uanc of drapery, and on (U« í¡p "i"" expr s,e(l bv t'te SeoMli'O sppruving.ot liist wau.. The fufliiwing bl -the anoount of tlie- trntis» tiou a« copied t'n m hu ^turning Herald, m whlnit we wmald draw Hie at* Mention oO our readeis, .Of all lim p-nofs of insanity 4>n 1 hu promut ag<>, di|e|(ine iS'lhe (¡R/aient. e»pcci< allv when |t ta'.es place arnon £ htt>iar.».mtn, »nd j.ftliuigh the prisent di'rl hu» provideIsMM/pasi d !oft witt.QUI nlocidslied. *c cannot on lum ^Cerniót ex- cuse eiiher jiaits, nor acquit linn of a unirderuus de« bi^rn. Tlieronduot of the seoond« is partictilails re- prehensible and cold blooded ' Tai Sr bon ¡hie IIM« '»ursing out of the grounrl, the loading of the pistol» * OB r t.- fftth f«çf rd* any tlíihst Í ri oar Tr«c£IIeci]rjii oT, the mrfat barbarous, ages, and'if proof can be found, we should expect that justice would yet Overtake tlier»': «. The article alluded to having highly offended Mr. nitchie, one of the proprietors of the Seots man, after an ineffectual attempt to get an apolo pv for the offensive matter, lie challenged Mr. Allan, the proprietor of the Caledonian Mercury, tofightadieb Mr. Allan, diclined to give Mr; Ritchie thesatisfacioii which he demanded, alledg ingthat though lecally, lie was not morally respon- sible for the words of his editor. Mr., Pitchie p'o«ted him, as it is called, styling him a poltroon and a coward. I'l hereupon Mr. Browne, the editor of the Mercury, challenged Mr. Mnclaren, the , editor of the Scotsman, to fight him, the latter having said that Hrnw'n was.woise than his master. Maclaren accepted the challenge. The pâi ties ac- cordingly met on 1 Imrsday last. Dr. brown, at- tended bv i»lr..Peteikin and Mr. Liston,surgeon ; nnd Mr.'Maclaien, attended by Mr.,LvMatdonald and Mr. SyinVsiirgcon. Before taHing'the ground Mr. Peterkin asked Mr. Macdonald if he had any proposal to offer relative to the confeicnce of the precedingcvcnli'g? Mr. Macdonald replied be lind none. Upon whir, li, having proposed to pro ceed, Mr. P. measured the distance, at Mr. Mac- donald's request, 12 paces. They then successively loaded in one another's presence a, brace of pistol» each, and tbe'principals took their ground. It having pietiousy fallen to Mr. Peterkiu's lot to give the word, a ph-tyl was given to eaclf party, and on tlie Word " hiie," the parties filed> almost at the sanie instant, wifhont effect. Mr. Macdon «Id then carne np to for, p,, and 'askedí^liat further was to be done? Mr. P. inquirerj^pj^faï. wa.« authorised Hy M ^Maclaren tp offer tnyi*y¡o* logy? Mr.'Mac,donalu repined ,Wi«the>waV*,Bêti Mr. Macdonald said, '? Dq }on consider it neces titry tt proceed- finther,?" A bticf conference tuen took plaie, in which it seemed to be their mutual imprts>ii n that noil.ing UM re was necessary Mi. P. said thut if siicli.,wjS'Mr M's opinion,'4ie li id no disposition to push matten m the slightest degtee beyond what was absolutely neccssaiy in such neave Mr. Macdonald asked Mr. P it lie tlutiglit tlie .gentlemen concerned should shake bauds ? Mr. P. said c< rfninly not, since no apo lo»y had bren made ¡Mr M. Rsktd if Mr. P was «atiüfk'd tli.it both gentlemen had conducted them selves propelly on the present occasion. Mr. Pc> terell replied that they had b< til conducted them« selves with calmness and courage, and like gentle- men, and that being the case, he acquiesced lu Mr Macdonald'« view, that nothing further was neces- sary Mi. Macdonald then communicated to Hie patties that such was hi» and Mr.' P.'s joint opini- on, anti that they had conducted thcmsilvcs in a gentlemanlike manner. Mr. P. intimated aloud that such was his opinion, but that no apologies or pledges were given on either side. Mr, Peterkin thin advanced and shook hands with Mr. Maclar < n, expressing his deep regret to meet him on an «const' n so rxtreniely distressing. Mr. Maclaieti «aid that he was happy Mr P. had been called ,-ttpon to act in the matter. Mr. Macdonald shook hands with Dr. Browne, and-the parties left the ground. It may be piop nitchie appeared al a shoi t distance from the par ties, while the pistols were loading, but Mr. P having signified that it was improper for any but the seconds and surgeons to be ptesent, Mr nitchie, on Mr. M's suggestion left the field. ' The following ate some of the remarks of the able editoi of the Sydney Gazette, on the - l.ettei from Sydney by Gouger,' which v.e adveited lo last week. /The letter sets cut with an acsrrtion ulrich, with Uie utmost stKtcliof.our cent toss, we c innot .torliyac ral ing n palpable (we lied almof»t said a svi f)||) fais« bond. ' Behold mc,' savs he, ' estab- lished at,8ydney, in o suuillhtmit, for «hit li I pay, | '¿^fiftajeiir.' VWieic is this ? small house' to 1e io'.ind? In the writer's iin.igwati >n, and uowheie UM*. We «npptiM' there are not ha fa dozen lions. .rsmtoun of v.hu.balie's'aniexeeeds £."00, and even tliot-e are eithei the Very largest, 'or pn-sess some peculiar advantages fot the purpose-, of Irii.si Hcss; and if Mr, Nameless 'small house' was one of tbtse attei, he ought in common fait ness to have satdoo jchiit instead of this, he makes it appear that this sxorbitaut rent is only a specimen of the < rdinary rate of dwelling houses in Sydney. It cannot be denied that our tents are extremely op. piessUc, mid altogttlicr di«propnrtioiicd tothecir «intnstaiiees'of the inhabitant* ; hut this writer has t xaggerated them full n hundred percent. The .tendency of such misrepresentations is highly un- fa vom able to tlie colony, a* families in Kngland intending to emigrate, are led to recoil from a country where rent is supposed to snal'ow up so serious a proportion of their/slender capital. \- This philosopher profound is ready to break his heart b« cause we have ho sim es ! He would fain have the slave trade, which has been ixeciat e1 and abolislu d in the northern hcmisphcie, re- vived in the southern, because, forsooth, i' would rondure to the wia th, and even to the eicilizatmn of our landowners ; and in support of this beauti- ful thcoiy, hf teils iib that Lo I'd Seafrnd,' who but f.i Ina slaves *ould base been a little West India farmer, scarcely uble to read, and not fit forcivi - ¡zed society, became under the tutelage of his nig-, gus, < a rich well, educated arid agretable gentle* utan!' Now, even admitting for the >uke of argu- ment, that these effects do naturally spring from siavei v, what does it amount to, but the diabolical policy of doing evil that good may come-the evil flugi ant, and the good specious ? . Nor are »ve much better pleased with his sweep- ing calumny, that ' there i« not snell a thing in this country as intellectual society,' and that in point of civi ¡cation wc*>hali "maieli*-backwards. The foi mer we contradict ou the «uthoiity of our own every day experience, and appeal f«>r our torrect ness to every man of sense in .sydney.' 