THE PROFESSOR OF SIGNS. ANECDOTE OF KING JAMES II. AND THE PEHSIAM AMBASSADOR. In the reign of King James II., at an entertainment given by him at which the Persian ambassador was present, his excellency was regretting that among the many improvements and advances made in science, literature, &c.; no encouragement was given to the " profession of signs ;" a science whereby one individual could intelligibly converse with another, without' the utterance of speech ; a science which had many students and patrons in Persia. The king (to humour the distinguished foreigner) replied that his excellency was perhaps unaware that he had established a college for the same purpose, at the northern part of his dominions, where he had a most distinguished " professor of signs." "Then," exclaimed the enthusiastic ambassador, *' will pay him my personal respects, though it should be barefoot, and for a thousand miles." The king, considering that he had gone too far, but still relishing the joke, caused a letter to be written to the head of the college of Aberdeen, with an account of the intended cut any of the ambassador, and the purpose of his visit. An individual was procured to personify a " professor of signs," with a fantastic gown, cap, &c.; ; it was no other than the most erudite butcher, who supplied the college with meat. True to his word, his excellency and retinue arrived at the college, and impatiently enquired for the " professor of signs." Ambrose (the name of the sham professor), in full dress, was waiting the appearance of his excellency in one of the rooms of the college On entering, the ambassador put up one finger-the professor answered by putting up two fingers "he ambassador immediately put up three fingers-the professor rejoined by shaking his clenched fist-the ambassador pulled out of his pocket an orange, and held it up to the full view of the professor, which was answered by the professor taking out of his pocket a crust of bread ; the ambassador then bowed low and retired. The head of the college and students, being anxious as to the termination of the interview, as well for the honour of their sovereign as their own credit, waited on his excellency and enquired if the professor was equal to his excellency's expectations. " Equal!" says the ambassador, The surpasses all I ever knew who professed the science. Soon as I entered the room, I put up one finger, to denote there is one God ; the professor replied by exhibiting two fingers, thereby demonstrating that there is Father and Son ; I then put up three fingers, to assure him there is Father, Son, and Holy Ghost 5 he answered by clenching his fist, to intimate that though three persons, they are inseparable. I then took out of my pocket an orange, and held it up, to shew that a good and gracious God, not only gives us necessaries, but even luxuries of life; he rejoined by taking out a piece of bread, to shew that broad was the staff of life. Being satisfied of the great proficiency that he has attained in the science, I left him with profound admiration." No sooner was his excellency retired, than Ambrose was heard storming like a trooper, and burst into the room where the head of the college and students were assembled. " Well, Ambrose," said-they," how did you perform your part V " Your honours shall hear and judge for yourselves," says Ambrose : -"No sooner did the man come in sight of me, than IIB hold up a finger to make out, your honours, that I had but one eye. I immediately put up two fingers to argue, your honours, that my one eye was as good as his two ; he then put up three fingers, to make out, your honours, that there was but three between us. I got in a passion your honours, and shook my fist at him ; he next tookoutofhis pocket) an orange, to upbraid me that my poor beggarly country could not produce anything equal to that but your honours, I took a piece of bread from my pocket, to show him my country would produce that which was far beyond all the truth of his country and for his impudence to me, I would have soundly dubbed the scoundrel, but for the respect I have for your honours." From this story we may justly infer, that if there are not two ways of telling a story, there are, at least, two ways of understanding one 