TO THE:DUKE OF WELLINGTON, On the Afairs of. Turkey, ?ussia, und France. as connccled with, or beurinj aupln, the prese, t situation of Englund. BIarri- Enm Farmn 10th Augg. 18", MIYly Lon, l)ur, , nFroin the monment'that .the s Gree? Cause,' as it was called, was first talked of, I depreciated intprint, all interference, on the part of this country, in feavour of Greece. When the Meeting. or Dinner, was held in London for the purpose of laying the founda4iin of a plan for giving aid to the Greeks for the recos ery of their liberty, 1, though with a great deal of un. popularity, objected to every effort of the .kind. I said, that for any thirng that I knew to the contrary, the Greeks, wio were a very bad people, would derive very little esubstantial benefit from what was called the " lberution of Greece't; that I did not like hunting about throughout the world to find people to set free, while England, and ,pre eap siraly beuand, contatined so many milljens of persons, woe;e fed aunt worse clud than the felonr in our jails. Our expulsion from the Mediterranean;, that is to say, our.territorial expulsion; the stripping us of tlose tountstrorus but. dens, the seven all;ends, end Malta, and even of Gibraltar itself, I thought little of, provided the trade, the .very>est that we have ever had, and the very' best that we have now; provid: d the trade witho Turkey alid Italy could be preserved. But this was next to Impossible ; for.Franoa would enatural y supphantt us-in thait trade., 'Thenearnes of .:hoi3 cotiuntries to France; the dist Ince of rthse countien from.u; the double interest of France to wveaken us and strengthen herself ; every thing concurred in proving, that if Rlussia 9nce got a firnl footing in the Alediterraonen, we should be expelled from that seait? lose the trade of the countries borderjng upon it. Such Tooting would also ope. to Russia and France an easy road to what has been called, our empire in. the East,. of which, however. I thought nothing, being convinced thatn the l aossession of that empnire was an injury to England,' My apprehensions, as frequently cx pressed, did not, howver, stop with.aour expulsion front - the Mi'diterranean, and? with the osat of trhe old, and goad, aud sn" lid trade of Turkey and It(aly: l I looked further still: I saw, and I alid that I saw, the most i ismiruntdan er to our don ?nioy not over bfeggarly colonies in the Nor?h of America, not over blacF s sand ,sagea -Islands, not over ur o "Empire ii the East;" but great aind imminen t danger to ou ?bil in all; namely, to our datinesion op. the seas, given us apparently by God. and "ta ture; cejoyed for nearly a tihusnaid weprsuj and, next to the larws framed liy. outy,.t . fathere, the great source.d f'all our grcath ines and all our renown. 'Talk o "' inthropy," talk of " whiit'ersal (ibetj .t taik of" civil and rfli ious liberty p ?t ! the world ;" it is my basineas; and theaIb. sines of every Englishman, to ialhe cars op' England, and E[nglund tlone. I sty te .the King, as Bishop Fisher said to Henry the Eighth, " I, as an Englishmnr, wbuld Swish youir Highntess to be instcr of ihe whole world;' 'It Is nt'our bu iness to run about'the,. wori4 to look after peoglch to setfre.r. it is' our putziness.t lnoo k aif ter ottrseelies, and tto thlto care of 'out Country and our Sovereign; and, ifwe des* (ce0rtqdit :i ptlulars,r it is our first duty to anko tare theat England shall have the do© 'tunlon of tbleeeas, t Thntd'ominion alhe'miat have, no .mtit tera.iit what d pentie f tirenasure or of blod ; or she sinks into nothling ;nd, I have al' ways seen, froit the very beg"ininig, that to take part in any thing hostile to Turkey, would tend to strip her of that dominion. Soon after I was married (which is poW pnarly thifty.eigh oyears ag o), l Sislot~ed, for abbokseller'in-Philadelphi?, 'sboQkon the lat of.Natiobs. ' A member of Congress bad given the original to the booJseller, wishing him to- publish- a translation. The book was the work of a Mr. Martens, a German Jurist, though it was written in French. Icalled it Mar ten's Law of Nations: I republished it in London, in the year 1801; and I wish somebody would lend me a copy of it ; for, the only copy I had, I lost, at the breaking-up of my house and my affairs at Botley. when l was driven to America, in order to avoid Sidmouth's and Castle reagh's dungeons in the year 1817. T'his book was a sort of abridgement of the whole body of the Law of Nations. I translated it for a quarter of a dollar (thir teen.pence halfpenny) a page t and as my chief business was to go out in the city to teach French people English, I made it a rule to earn a dollar, while my wife was getting the breakfast in the morning, and another dollar after I came home at night, be the hour what it might ; aid I have Searned many a dollar, in this way, sitting writing in the same room where my wife and only child were in bed and asleep. It was thus, my Lord Duke, and not urader the teaching of a professor, that the SLaw of Nations got pretty well stuck into :. y head; and the book made the greater impression upon me, because.one of. its great objects was, to coimbat the " right of search," which England had always Svmintained to the utmost of her power; and this was, toon, and I knew it very well, the sole object in the members of Congress Swishing the book to be translated and ,ublished. Forewarned, forearmed, and .from- the translating of this 'book, and reading other books in consequence of this, I became, in America, beginning with the vear 1794, a most industrious, indefatiira hle, zealous, and I may add, able defender of the rights of England on; this score. The treaty with America of 1794, every one said, would never have been ratified by the Senate if it had not been for me: it was my treaty, rather than the treaty of 'I"r. Jay and Lord Grenville. In this book of Marten's, I found the former efforts of tussiaito strip England of this right of search. I learned all about the armed ueutrality- of Catherine; all about the numerous efforts of the French, and of the beggarly Dutch, having the same end in. view. As to the Americans, and the manner in which their nails were paired by this right of ours, I was in the .midst of the mess, and had, in one year, more experience of this right, than any 'gentleman living in England .could, though a learned lawyer, acquire in a whole life-time. Then came, after this, .twenty years of war before my eyes, which war, 1 knew, could not have been carried on by us for a year without the exercise of this right. Before I proceed my Lord Duke, per mit me to beg your attention to a passage in my Register of the 8th December 18-7, uIpon this very' subject. I was, at the time here referred to, writing on the sub jeet of the consequences of the battle of -?favariri, and, as you will see, I had then in my mind all the dangers which I now .apprehend. Do not, my Lord Duke, I pray you, despise these warnings of mine. Never mind the source whence they come; af what consequence is it whether the au thor be pock-marked or not i it is the thoughts not the man. Therefore, I pray you, read this passage with attention, and 'find somebody to answer it if you can; if you cannot, listen to me, and do your best to prevent the fatal consequences which I apprehended, and still apprehend. The passage is as follows: " What I think likely ia this : that Rus sla will, with very little ceremony, mart h into the Turkish provinces, urged to do it secretly by France, and besought by Eng land upon her knees uot to do it. England has no power to prevent the invasion, other than through the aid of Austria; and when Austria tinds, as she will find, that she can get no money from England, she will negociate with Russia, and come in for a share of tlhe Turkish dominions. France will, I dare say, join cordially with tuu?ia in sweeping away this old ally of, England; and if we really get into a war with France and Russian , or with either of them, the Americans will, within six months after the war begins, put to the test our courage and our power to main tain our ancient rights on the seas.. The 'thing may not go to this extent; the fun dling system may crumble to pieces, or it :inay be in such a shattered state, as to in 'dues the nation quietly to submit to any thing that France and Russia may like to do but if the funding system could stand; ifby any tricks of borrowing money or sbuffling of paper ; if we co uld thus hob ble uilong in a'warforr a few months, such in all humahn probability, would be the parties engaged in that war. S'Lef it he remembered, that when we ibade the last peace with America, which wh? actually proclaimed as silently, and with s; little show, as n proclhamation is issued for the admission or shutting out of corn: when we concluded that peace, it was mu tually agreed, or at, least, the Americans Sassented to leiave UN DECIDED the question of the right of search! This was ominous! Though the Bourbons were restored, though "legitimacy" was triumphaht, though she had to contend qitli us single-hinmducd; and though her eogotiators linhad not hc'ard of our total and iareadfinl dincomtiture of N<:w Orleans; still she was resolved not to give up that point ; and we were compelled to let It sink out ofsight, or to continue the'wivr withiher. Sir.c' that time shale Ias beei in .regotiation with us, for a trea y relative to mutual assistance being alfarcldd to the two nations, for putting; ni ,ind to the ,lade in elaves to Africt. 'Ye treoty was tahcludecd and'approuv'oJ blyd .The Pi'c?iedicl aond had been approed n, bt tlh Ahaniatrv Sthe hiajg in Enrlnd ;" (tmi i'trny t, mark this well), It edntaineda tipulatipnt r authorising;.the shilps of war, of either c e 'the.two nations, to, SEARCH :for.:alave~ a the merchant ships of either nation.. Fo a this cause, tind for this' only,'the treats t was rejected by the. :Senate of the Uniteid States ! and thus became no treaty at all,: t the law of America requiring the assent o0 t the Senate before, ratific:tions could be exchanged. L" These facts, which are wholly unde niable, can leave no doubt in the mind o! any sensible man, that no power .in Aminrica would dare to acquiesce in. the exercise of our right of search, unless compelled to it by dire extremity in war. And there can be no doubt in the mind of any rational man, that this nation never couildcarry on war, not only without suc cess, but without utter ruin, if stripped of the exercise of the right of search. Dnr ing the last war we exercised it constantly and most unsparingly; we laid the whole commercial world under heavy contribu ;tion : we extended the right far beyond its former limits ; and, .coupling it with the right of blockade; we actually took possession.of a large part af the property of the world ! This would be all wanting now i we might keep a great fleet splash ihg about upon the~waves ; but the trade of our enemies would be carried on by the Americans, or we' must have that long sided, acute, adventtirrous, and brave race amongst, our enemie?s. ' I trust that this will not be the case until England has shaken off:this load of debts and funds ; until the King has no Quaker-associates in his prerogative of inakinr money for his people;: and then Englihnien would see their island sunk out of sight ini the waves, before they would yield their most precious birthright,- the sovereignty of the seas, which they have dlaimed for seven hundred years, and which tirey have al ways exercised, except in times ofmisrule. The late war against America was unjust on our part ; for, we exercised the right of taking their ships, and making them -ferve us. This fbrms no part of our rights ; hut wee- have a rignt to 'take the enemy's goods from out of the ship of a friend; and if we do not exercise this right, we are the weakest nation in Eu rope, in war. We shall have it, however, to fight, and this greatly adds to thc,dan gers of war." In the above passages I have given my general view with regard to the consequences of Rtussia getting possession of the Mediterranean ; but, I have not stated the reason why I am so apprehen; sive with regard to the loss of lier right of search. Tnis right.is of the utmost importance to England ; and, indeed, without the exercise of this right, she.must become, not only an Insignificant state, but must be placed in imminent danger of losing her independence : and, therefore, if I were'a Mi ister of Eugland, I would say, " come what may, " come National Bankruptcy, revolution, or what ever else, this right shall he maintained.' I love the United States, I have great reason to love the people of that country; I admire their character, their humanity, their hospitality, the mildnes.s of their laws, their bravery, their independence of spirit ; but I would see that country torn to pieces, and, ifl were a Minister' of England, I would throw the union into confusion, and finally split it it up, rather than abandon this right of search. For, my Lord Duke, it is our all ; and that every man mnust,tnink who takes but a short time- to re flect upon the subject. Suppose for instance, a war with France (and war with France. we must and sha.lhave) what are our means of annoying oqr enemy; what are our means of doing her in jury ? Our means are, to sweep her ships from the ocean, in the first place ; and, in the next place, to prevent her from exporting the produce of her soil, her wine and brandy, and oil, and other things, and to p-event her from receiving sugar, coffee, corn, flour, rice, tobacco, and other things, in exchange; not forgetting hemp, tar, turpentine, and the like. The first of these me.as is easily employed c the ocean is pretty soon cleared of her ships of every description ; the few and insig nificatlt colonies which she has, are captured .in a trice ; but, if the ships of America, almast equal to our own in number and tonnage ; if the ships of Holland, Denmark, Sweden and Russia, and what ever there are in the Italian States ; if all these be permitted, freely to carry away the produce of France, freely tobring her colonial, and all other produce in exchange, what is she to suffer from a war ? How are her internal resources to be at.. tacked ? how is her exchequer to he contracted, & ihow are her means of continuing the war to be diminished ? She moy sally out, and again appro printed to herself the fertile, countries on the Rhine; by a compact; by a silent convention between her and Russia and Prussia, the Netherlands and Holland may be again parcelled out; for we shall powerless: our ﬂeets may ﬂap about idly upon the waves; but the commerce of our enemy, and all her exterior relationships, will experience not the smallest inconvenience; and, at last, Prance, with unimpared resources on account of the war, willbe constantly prepared for invasion of these shores; and the knowledge of the prela. ration must necessarily be euormously expensive to Another effect of this abandonment of the right of search will be, that English morchant-ships will become of no use at all; for in spite of our great power at sea, tihe French will still have some armed ships prowling about here and there. English ships will be good prize to them; no goods will he a sfe in an.Englishl ship ; even Eng. lishl merchants must employ foreign ships to carry their goods; thie tea must come from India in American and Dutch ships; and awvar of ten years, would renderaship-buildiig, a business unknown in England. - Now, my Lord Duke, I say, as I have been saying for the last five years, that, if Russia ob tain a naval station in the Mediterranean, this right of search must be fought for by us or aban rloned; and this country must be prepared for the fight; must be prepared to go through it and to conquer ; or we must make up our minds to be for the future a fidllen and pitiful nation. It is not to be believed that you, or that any man, calling himself a minister, has never thought of these things ; douhtless you have thought of them ; not perhaps so much as I have, from the peculiar cir cumstances and pursufts of my life; bult you must have thought of them first or last; they must have comoe athwart your mind ; and the more ap pearance or mention of them was enough to alarmn any man, having adue regard to the welfare of the country. But your great diftoulty has. been thlis-how are you to have war, & keep the debt and this leand Iweight ? When you have thought of war, the debt, like a ghost,- roseo:up, and stood before you ! The policy was plain, and the necessary measurea g ere equallv plnin ; thr.viws of Rusit? and FrA'ce ctonnot have heir. htdden from you" fr theV. wre lpl.V decerlbirhby m lice years a?,. They wcir so mvisihl., that iito.,nan who is at all i.c qIt affed wlh quch gimaterrs could fll-to: peri.~-,,i ti •n Thirty' 9~~ s .of the iline, with a tuiLt ibk I m l, ,r 'of frtgt- e, ot?, .'d ,n'd','r veiqell, w, ]l si plted r lith- all-t lh dlCftictive- inntrik fir. ea'Or thbnescn, ;nfortnilationch nCgiiat Imho ltultm soipf ,uCR iinpn pomrts, Rusn-.haniirbouirst I wouhld .uaiy recr'em ' Ce ossatnck li lton t!,e Nohcrn sI. h1)tniub, J3u. thbirty shils of thile liae, atcom pnl as above, 'ia odhave demanded rieare; the collection'and appilication of. which must have' :burat the buibkle of thefunds • It. las not that the debt has begun `to exercise its deadening 'influence in .the deciding of this important affair. Had it not.been" for the debt, liever'shbuld-:we have med- lled with the affairs (f Greece. WVe interfered for the Greeks, at the in. aligation, or rather at the command, of Russia and France. As to fighting, we did not fear either; but we wanted money necessary for the fight. Had it not been for the debt, should we have sent a fleet to aid in the crippling of our friend at Na varino ? No, my nLor Duke; Iacquityou of all the evil intention. I acquit you even of the folly ; you yielded to necessity, but it was a ne cessity arising from that accursed debt,- which was your dirty to overcome. The foolish cry of 't Na tional faith"it is, that has reduced this great coun try to the miserable contrivances of coaxing Rus sia, coaxing France, wheedling atnd palavering all the world ; instead of, as became the ancient cha racter ofthe country, meeting the well-known foe with open defiance. Canning, who was a very miserable creature, totally unfit for making any thing but jests, open ly avowed', that the treaty of London of july 1826, was intended to prevail on Russia not to go to Constantinople. The poor fool did not live to see the result. If he only had lived three months longer than lie did, he would have found, that the very naval expedition which lie sent out for the purpose of wheedling Russia to keep away from Constantinonple, was one greatcause of her going thither; for, the expedition which he. sent, out for tire purpose -of wheedl!ing Russia to keep away from Constantinople, .'wa one gre?t cause of her going thither; or, at the least, endeavouring to go thither ; for, in one month after tle expedition had assisted in crippling the Turk, Rtissla came forth with a declaration of war' " ON HER OWN ACCOUNT, WHOLLY UNCONNECTED WITHI THE AFFAIRS OF GREECE !" If evenk that pitiful expedition had been sent to the Mediterranean in support of the Turk. never would a Russian soldier have crossed the Danube. Nay, if no expedition had at all been sent, the word of England alone would have been aufflcient to prevent the march of the Russian ar mies ; that isto say. if the word had been given in the right tone, and if we had immediately com menced preparations for war. But here stood the accursed and never-dying and never-diminishing debt I here lay the horrible night-mare upon us and our wheedling and coaxing were as ineffectual as the chirping of 'crickets. We are now, my Lord Duke, not far from the point supposed by this nobleman. The country is not iblout to be invaded, 'to be sure; but thetre's cess of Russia is pretty nearly certain ; that suc cess must certainly end in creating a Russian ma ritime establishment in the Mediterranean ; that establishment once made, all the changes of minis try that can be effected in France, will not prevent a war between England and France; if that do.not produce an actuol invasion of England, it will cer tainly' produce a constantly-threatened invasion; that state of things will demand resources so great, that it will be impossible to continue to pay the interest of the Debt, in full tale and full weight; and then the.country must be surrendered to the enemy, or that which is called a breach of " Na tionil Faith," must be committed. Even without wa " that breach must be com mitted in one shape or another; but with war it must be committed at once.. The Riussians are now on the plains of Adrianople,' and only because we have this debt; and thus' ari the Parliamentary refomers avengedl In 1793 the question was, a reform of the Parliament, or a war :against:the French. The aristocracy determine'd on the latter; and, in justice to the memory of poor Pitt, it should be known ; or rather the young men of the. present day should be informed, that he was against that roar,; which is a fact well known to great -'numbers of pertbns now alive, and a fact recorded too, in the correspondence of Monsieur Maret, who is now one of the Peers of France. Pitt had his choice: Mwar, or turn out; and, as I observed to a gentleman, the other day, Pitt was not in fault for going to war, but in fault for turning opit. He might have turned out and defeated the war faction hlie might have made the reform, without which, as he had a hundred times said, no honest man could be a minis'sr in England; and the coun try migdt, at this day, have been free and happy, instead of being in a state the most deplorable, and on the eve of some great convulsion. If there were a reform of the Parliament, there would be those reductions which would enable you a id your colleagues to go to war; aye, with all the world, if all the world were combined to deprive England of her maritime dominion. That this re form will take place peaceably, must be the wish of every good man, but prabably the expectation of very few men ; but it will come first or last; the nation never will sink down into complete insignificance; it will rouse itself, as the French nation did; and no internal changes or commotions will prevent it from carrying its thun der to every spot where an enemy is to be found ! It is now bound down like Gulliver by the Lilli putians; so numerous are the ties and trammels, that it cannot rt;r, until some event come which shall give it a convulsive strength ; and then, away go the bands, and.forth .goes the nation, roused, renovated, and stronger than ever I Debts are paid at a jerk ; the feeble annuitant will sink ; but thie nerve of the naltin will be. found to be wholly unimpaired-and more cem1 cdent than at any former period of our history! France'cannot rembin unaffected by such a,chaage. Indeed ino country can remain unaffLected by it; here is the emporiurn, not only of wealth, hut- of skill and talent too. Such a change would bring forth multitudes of mest neer- yet heardof, and far surpassing those, created by the great change in France. The mind of the country is verging, even now, fast towards this point.. The country, I mepeat, will' neverfU lhato slgntacance ! In out ward appearance, it may sink very low, but it stil has in it all its immense resources; and it needs but very little to plroduce that change, which will bring those resourcesa into full play for the resto ration of the happiness and the honour 'of the country ! WM. COBBETI. _ ,, _? 