IRISH ELECTIONS. COUNTY LONGFORD. —The Warder, of last week, announces that Mr. Anthony Lefroy will, at the next general election, be put in nomi- nation for the representation of this county. We have great pleasure in corroborating this statement, which we do upon the best authority ; and we trust the freeholders of this county will hold themselves disengaged, until the claims of the respective can- didates are laid before them.—Longford Journal. WEXFORD.—William Wigram, Esq. M. P. arrived in Wexford on Wednesday. On Friday, in anticipation of a general election, he proceeded canvassing the freemen. He was ac- companied by Arthur Meadows, Esq. Lady Geary, and her two sons. Sir Edward Deering, M. P. and Sir William Geary, are expected in Wexford in a few days. We are authorised to state that Robert Ogilby Esq. of Dungiven, intends to offer himself as a candidate for the representation of this county, in the event of an election.—Londonderry Journal. IRELAND.—It is asserted in very positive terms, by the Dublin Evening Post, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has abandoned his plan for assimilating the stamp-duties of the two kingdoms, as also his intended alteration in the spirit duty. A very numerous meeting, attended by the lead- ing men of all parties, has been held at Dublin, at which petitions were adopted to both houses of parliament against the proposed increase of taxation. The Right Hon. Wilmot Horton, brother-in-law to the Earl of Kenmare, will offer himself as a candidate for the representation of Kerry, at the next general election. Arthur Blennerhasset, Esq. of Ballyseedy, and Colonel Crosbie, of Ballyheigue Castle, are also named as candidates, in addition to the present sitting members. SINGULAR LIBEL CASE.—We mentioned a few days since that a new action for an alleged libel, not the subject of previous trial, was commenced against Mr. O'Flaherty, editor of The Connaught Journal, by Mr. Smith, who was plaintiff in the former case ; and we since understood that this gen- tleman has also instituted proceedings for the libel already tried against Mr. Batholomew O'Flaherty, as proprietor of the paper in which it was pub- lished. The latter gentleman retorts upon Mr. Smith by a similar action, and thus a three-fold interest is now given to a case in which two of the parties have before obtained considerable damages against each other.—Dublin Morning Register. OXFORD.—The Rev. R. W. Sibthorpe to the chapel of St. James, Ryde, Isle of Wight.— Rev. E. Hay, to the vicarage of Broughton, York- shire.—Rev. T. W. Whittaker to the rectories of Stanton by Bridge and Swarkestone, Derby.—Rev. E. Warneford to the livings of Ashburnham, and Penshurst, Sussex—Rev. J. Nelson to the rectory of Dunham Parva, Norfolk.—Rev. P. Debary to the rectory of Orwell, Cambridgeshire.—The Rev. H. Heigham o the Rectory of Bradfield Combust, Norfolk. SWAN RIVER. — A gentleman who went out with Mr. Henty's party to Swan River, has returned. He states that they had a very un- favourable passage ; and that nearly all the fine stud of horses, and other stock, died before they arrived at the settlement. Mr. Henty had injured the spine of his back by a fall on board the ship.— [This gentleman is not the Henty who deserved to have his spine injured in another part of his person for his Stock Exchange doings.] The subject of imprisonment for debt, and the policy of insolvent laws, have been very frequently discusssd in this colony, and have elicited that variety of opinions which matters of such very great importance to a mercantile com- munity were likely to call forth. Per- haps no branch of the jurisprudence of England requires revision and reform— the proceedings in the Court of Chancery alone excepted—more than the law of debtor and creditor ; but, whatever may be urged in support of the system of imprisonment for debt, in execution, we think it would be difficult to assign any reason to sustain the law of arrest on mesne process, save only where circum- stances clearly indicate an intention to abscond. On any other principle this law, in our opinion, is a disgrace to a civilized and christian country. In it that system of vicious credit, which does so much mischief to people of small means, has its root ; inasmuch as the creditor feels that he has the body of his debtor in pledge as a security for payment. The worst part of this law is, that it pre- judges questions of disputed debt—for let a man, however erroneously or falsely make affidavit that another owes him a debt above £20, and he can have the harpies of the law at once let loose upon that individual, to drag him to a sponging house or a prison, to make him find bail —although the question has yet to be tried, and the individual who thus suffers the disgrace and pain of arrest and im- prisonment may be found upon legal enquiry to owe not one farthing to the person who has him arrested and taken to prison; or, as it sometimes happens, the person thrown into gaol may turn out to be in reality the creditor of the man who has him imprisoned. Hence the peculiar injustice of arrest for debt before final judgment, or, as it is technically called, arrest upon mesne process. If it were even just and reasonable to detain the person of an honest although unfortunate debtor, who gives up all he is possessed of, in prison for an unlimitted period, when taken in execution, which is the process after final judgment, there cer- tainly can be neither justice nor reason in arresting a person on mesne process, which is only the process that precedes final judgment, and is merely for the purpose of causing the defendant to come into court and answer the plaintiff's suit. By a late English paper we perceive that the subject has been mentioned in parliament by Mr. Hume, who enquired whether it formed part of the en- quiry of the Law Commissioners ? Mr. Peel replied that it did, but that owing to the number of other important topics which engaged their attention, they had not yet been able to take it into conside- ration. The subject, however, in one so deeply affecting the policy of the law and the interests of society, that we have no doubt it will eventually be forced upon the attention of parliament, and if the Commissioners of Legal Enquiry are not more active, that some one of the Mem- bers of the House of Commons will at once bring in a bill to abolish arrest for debt. Since writing the above we find, by the last arrival from England, that an Act of Parliament has recently passed doing away with arrest on mesne process, for any sum under £100, and also pro- viding that the plaintiff shall give se- curity, in all cases where the defendant is held to bail, that the debt is really due. Such an Act is satisfactory, and has been long needed. BENEFIT SOCIETIES.—We have al- ways advocated the formation of these societies, and are glad to learn that one, to be called " The United Friends,"—a society of ship and boat-builders—on the plan of the English benefit societies, has been recently formed in Sydney. By an Act of Parliament passed in the 33d of the late King, Justices of the Peace, sitting in Quarter Sessions, have the power, on motion before them, to enrol in their court the rules and regulations of benefit societies, provided the Justices approve of the objects for which they are instituted, and the system on which they are to be conducted. The members of a society so recognised become thereby possessed of peculiar privileges ;—their rules acquire in some respect the force of laws, and all disputes connected with the business of the institution are decided by the Magistrates at Quarter Sessions. Pursuant to the provisions of this Act of Parliament, Mr. Kerr moved, at the sitting of the Court of Quarter Sessions for Sydney, on Tuesday last, that the rules of the society of " United Friends" might be enroled in the court, and handed up a copy of them, neatly en- grossed on parchment, for the inspection of the Bench. The Chairman, however, doubted whether the Act of Parliament cited by the learned counsel applied to the colony, but stated the intention of the Bench to consider the subject, and give their decision before the close of the sessions. Upon first view it would seem that no doubt could exist as to the jurisdiction of the Magistrates in this case, seeing that, according to the 27th section of the New South Wales Act, Courts of General and Quarter Sessions in this colony are not only empowered to exercise a summary jurisdiction over prisoners of the crown, but have also " power and authority to take cognizance of all matters and things cognizable in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions in England, so far as the circumstances and condition of the colony shall require and admit." The latter part of the clause would certainly prevent the Justices sitting in Quarter Sessions here from exercising a juris- ....?? r . -; r ti. > diction over a1 great variety of matters cojnizable by similar courts in Eng- land ; but, with respect to this particu- lar case, the objects of benefit societies 0re in themselves so landable, that it ffould be difficult to discover any thing ¡ii the " circumstances and condition of (lio colony" opposed to their institution. Should the Magistrates, however, be of opinion that fhey have no authority to accede to Mr. Kkhr's motion, the ques- tion of the applicability to the colony of (hat part of the Act of Parliament un- der which the application was made, will |)C mooted in the Supreme Court. A publication of yesterday is ex- tremely angry with the Superintendent of Police for not keeping his "shop" for in that light the writer seems to view the establishment over which the worthy Magistrate presides- open, as other "doalers" in Sydney do, till sun-set, in order to accommodate chance customers i like the Tuesday visitant. It really is too bad that the Judge of a Court is not a fixture -nailed to his seat all day long, in the expectation that somebody might call in and "move" him; and we have no doubt that on a representation being made in the proper quarter this very great publie grievance will be redressed. Should the matter be taken up seriously, as we think it ought, we would recom- mend that the Judges of the superior Courts be also included in the com- plaint, whatever form the same may as- sume-whether of petition or remon- strance-for it really is a shame that gentlemen who " receive several hun- dred pounds per annum of the public nioney"should avail themselves of the little relaxation which a slight alleviation of the presence of business may occasion- ally admit, to make up for the numerous occasions when nature becomes quite ex- hausted owing to necessarily protracted sittings. Why should their Honors re- turn to their homes after the business of the day, consisting, perhaps, of the trials of two or three short cases, which are concluded by one or two o'clock, is over? Somebody might have business with them, and they ought to remain on the Bench till six o'clock every evening. " The public should either have their services, or they not have the money." We hope these things will be looked to, or else-. Sir "Walter Scott.-The indefati- gable hard and novelist is preparing a new edition of his poetical works, pre- faced hy such autobiographical and lite- rary notices as appear in the monthly publication of his novels. All that con- cerns such a man is full of interest ; but Iris simple and felicitous mode of re- lating his personal history considerably enhances its intrinsic value.-Atlas. We shall give some specimens in an early number of the Sydney -Gazette. Steam-Boats.-The number of s team boats employed in the United Kingdom in 1814 was 11, amounting to 512 tons, and worked by 65 men ; in 1829 theso useful vessels had increased to 342, tonnage 31,108, men 2,745. Of this number about 167 ply up and down the Thames. Remarkaule Coincidence.-It is a remarkable circumstance that the following text, Acts II. 4, " And they Mere ail filled leith the Holy Ghost," was selected and preached at our church on Sunday last-in the morning by tlie Yicar ; in the sftornoon by the Curate ; and in tho evening by tho Rev. II. J. Stevenson. The latter gentleman was quite unacquainted with the previous sermons. It is perhaps scarcely necessary to remaik, that the Bubject was tieated differently by each.-Newark 2'imes. We understand that the native dogs are doing considerable damage on the North Shore. A number of goats belonging to Rlr. Robertson have recently been destroyed by them. Formerly there was a reward given by the Agricultural Society for each of those lerocious animals they may kill, on producing the tails at the periodical meetings of the Society. Workmen are employed in excavating a Tank on the North Shore, in order to supply the .¡hipping with water. This has hitherto been vßry much needed. A very fair show of horses was ex- hibited at the Carters' Barrack, on Tuesday last, that being the day on which tenders were made for supplying the mounted police with horses. Another cricket match between the native youths and the military is to be played in a few days. The latter are anxious to make up for their recent defeats. A man named Pritchard, lately living nt Fanamatta, was suffocated a few days ago, owing to tho tightness of his neckcloth, whilst under the effects of excessive intoxication. Thursday's Market--Grain is now becoming scarcer every maikot day, wheat being mostiv disposed of to the millers, and settlers not considering the prices to bo obtained for barley and oats, sufliciont to remunerate them for their trouble and expense. RIaize, however, is still brought to market in abundance. Poultry «nd egge have risen a shade or two in price. Potatoes and dairy produce are stationary. Hay, straw, and grass, particularly plentiful. On the whole the market of Thursday v\as more than usually dull and heavy. On Thursday as a child about four years of ago, was amusing himself by throwing stones into a well at the back of his fathers house in Sussex-street, he stumbled, and fell into it. Fortunately, the accident was witnessed by a neigh- bour, who hastened to the spot, and we are happy to say succeeded in rescuing the little innocent from the melancholy fate, which he would otherwise hare met with. The practice, so common in Sydney, of leaving wells uncovered is highly cul- pable. Wanton Breach of the Dog Act. On Thursday last, a cleanly-looking man, whom Pro- vidence had deprived of speech, having stopped at a monster's gate, in George-street, ior the purpose, it was supposed, of requesting alms, had a ferocious dog set upon bim, which seized the poor fellow by the leg, mangled it in n most dreadful manner, and obliged him to retreat streaming with blood. \Yp hope the Chief Constable, who was a witness to this outrage, has, ere this, brought the offender to justice. Intelligence from Toulon is conveyed to Pnris hv the telegraph in SO minutes-a distance of 388 miles. CORONER'S INQUEST. An inquest was held on Tuesday, last, at the sign of the Three Crowns, Cumberland Street, on private Samuel Foster, of the late Staff Corps, who cut his throat about 12 o'clock on that day, and died immediately after. It appeared in evidence, that the poor man had, since Wednesday last, been mentally depressed and much afflicted, which ultimately terminated in self destruction. The Jury, after due consideration, returned a ver- dict — " The deceased destroyed himself while labour- ing under temporary aberation of mind." 