HIGHWAY ROBBERIES. There instances have just been made known to us, of the audacious career still pursued by Walms- ley and Webber. On the day after their attack upon Mr. Mowatt, reported in a late number, as Mr. Thomas Pye was proceeding on horseback from his residence at Seven Hills to Parramatta, he was stopped by the same marauders, Webber calling out that if he at- tempted to go on they would blow out his brains. Mr. Pye, however, courageously put spurs to his horse, and set off at full gallop, when Webber, true to his threat, fired at him, and had very nearly taken a fatal aim, the ball passing through Mr. P's jacket, waistcoat, and shirt, and grazing his thigh. Webber, the moment he had discharged his piece, called out, " I've settled you at last !" Mr. Pye escaped without further injury. On Thursday, the 4th instant, Mr. Thomas Had- ey encountered them on the Parramatta road, near Mr. McArthur's gate. He was driving a dray, ac- companied by a servant. The robbers, after com- pelling them to stop, took down a pannel in the fence, and led the dray and its drivers into the thick brushwood, where they examined its contents, and finding nothing valuable to them but a keg of gin, they took possession of it, and permitted Mr. Hadley to pursue his journey. It is deserving of notice, that while searching the dray, they heard a noise as if some one was approaching, when, after listening a moment, one of them observed, " O, it's not the Mounted Police, or we should hear their swords rattling". This ought to be a hint to those guardians of the highway, to take some means of keeping their swords silent till called into action. A few days ago they met Mr. Driver, on his re- turn from Argyle, between the Cowpastures and Myrtle Creek, and not only robbed, but report says severely beat him. He is a powerful young man, and not choosing to submit without resistance, we suppose this provoked them to use personal vio- lence. It is strange that after so large a reward, and so many pursuits, these fellows still keep at large, and commit the most daring outrages in open day._ The Clarkstone heard of the Elizabeth, Collins, from this port, off Japan, in August last. The latter vessel was then stated to have upwards of 1600 barrels of oil on board. The John Bull arrived on the fishing grounds about the same time, and had 60 barrels of oil on board, when the Clarkeston spoke her. The Ship Thomas Lawrie, Lieut. LANGDON, R. N. Commander, with merchandise, was announced to sail, early in August last, for this colony. A few days previous to the sailing of the Hercules, from Ireland, some of the convicts on board the Essex hulk, stationed at King's-town, near Dublin, set fire to that vessel in three places, close to the water. The flames were fortunately sup- pressed, and all on board, being upwards of three hundred prisoners, were transmitted, for better se- curity to the Hercules, which had then but recently arrived in the harbour, to convey some of them to this colony. The prisoners by the ship Hercules will be landed on Monday next. The captain we are informed gives them an excellent character. On the evening of Tuesday last, as Mrs. Bowen, accompanied by Mrs. Smeathman, the lady of Major Smeathman, were taking an airing in a carriage, on the South-head road, a little beyond Belle-vue, it became necessary to arrange some part of the harness, for which purpose the driver des- cended from his seat. Mrs. Bowen also alighted and approached the horse's head, just as the servant had imprudently taken off the whole of the head- piece, when the animal immediately set off at full speed with Mrs. Smeathman in the carriage. For- tunately the horse did not descend the very steep declivity at that part of the road, otherwise the most fatal consequences must have ensued ; but, after dragging the carriage for some distance, he diverged to the right side of the road, where his rapid progress was impeded by the fragments of rock which lay there in great abundance. As it was, however, the shafts of the carriage were broken, the harness gave way in several places, and the horse galloped off leaving Mrs. Smeathman, who had received several severe contusions, sitting in the carriage. After some pursuit, the horse was retaken, but the carriage was so much injured, as to preclude the possibility of its returning to Sydney that night, and the ladies were in consequence conveyed to town in a chaise, about 10 o'clock. Medical assistance was promptly rendered to Mrs. Smeathman, who, we regret to state, is still labour- ing under the effects of excessive fright, and the severe injuries she sustained. Mrs. Bowen was also slightly hurt, that lady having been standing close to the horse's head, when he first started. The market of Thursday was tolerably well supplied with produce generally, with the exception of barley, oats, and potatoes. Of the lat- ter article, it was difficult to obtain a good sample. Prices varied but little from our last quotations. Hay was dear, though in abundance, and of good quality. Eggs also are looking up, and will shortly fetch high prices. The settlers all concur in the favourable accounts of the crops, which they repre- sent as truly luxuriant and superabundant. Why will the French be successful in the event of not taking Algiers ?—Because they will get all jeers (Algiers.) In another column will be found a new version of the National Anthem, taken from a recent English Journal. The alterations from the original, though trifling, are rather judiciously made. The subject, however, is worthy the pen of some of the popular poets of the day, and we have no doubt that other adaptations will yet be made. The prisoners convicted at the late special commission at Bathurst, underwont the extreme penalty of the law on Monday the 3rd instant. Their demeanour, with the exception of two whoso names we have not heard, was to the last marked by the same hardened indifference to their fate as that displayed by them on their trials. In a recent number we adverted to the improper practice of blasting rocks in populous neighbourhoods. On Thursday last, one of the most frightful explosions of the kind we have ever witnessed took place in George-street. Large fragments of stone rattled off several roofs in the neighbourhood, while the passengers in the street were seen running in every direction to avoid those dangerous missiles. Such a practice would not be tolerated in similar situations in England, and why should it here ? MARCH OF INTELLECT.—The word "shop", a long time unpronounceable, is now become completely obsolete. "Emporium" or " Magazine", has usurped the place of that homely phrase, in the fashionable vocabulary; but it has been re- served for the Tailors to take a still higher flight into the regions of profundity. By a late London paper now before us, we perceive that "Messrs. Staub, Storr, and Co., civil, military, and fancy ball dress Tailors, 56, Great Queen-street, near the Free- mason's Tavern," have just opened a—a—a— "Vest- iarium !" — Only think of a Tailor's Vestiarium !! One cannot help exclaiming with Mercutio, "A plague of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasticoes ; these new tuners of accents ! Why is not this a lamentable thing, grandsire, that we should be thus afllicted with these strange flies, these fashion- mongers, those pardonnet-moy's, who stand so much on the new form, that they cannot sit at ease on the old bench ?" JUNIUS. —Old " Stat nominis umbra" seems doomed to walk the earth, a perturbed spirit, till that his political offences are " burned and purged away." A discovery is said to have been lately made at Stowe, which fixes the authorship of the " Letters of Junius" upon a person hitherto unsuspected. Will no one, in mercy to mankind, re- veal the mystery, or charitably lay the poor ghost ? The Lord Liverpool, which arrived from Newcastle on Wednesday evening, brought up eight bushrangers who were lately captured in that district. They stand charged with capital of- fences, and we are informed that a special Court will be held forthwith to try them ; one of their number, named Jones, has turned king's evidence. We regret to hear, that the heavy and frequent falls of rain, have overflooded tho country in several directions. On the banks of the Hawkes- bury, and Nepean, much land is standing under water, and the mountain rivers, across which their are no bridges, have so far outswelled their usual limits, that passengors find much difficulty, and in some places considerable delay, in fording them. On Thursday, a poor man named Green was bringing a boat laden with vegetables down the river for a family in town, when from some unknown cause, she sprung a leak, and filled so rapidly, that he was obliged to swim for it, and leave her to sink, which she did with her freight, and has not yet been got up. Three runaways, who thinking to take unto themselves wings and flee away, had concealed themselves in a house of ill repute, preparatory to "stowing", were on Thursday last, dragged from their hiding place, by Mr. Jilks, the chief constable, and consigned to durance vile, till they shall have an opportunity of explaining the matter to the Bench. One of them stands charged with robbery. 