T 11 R LI T VRGY. As the sitting of Parliament approaches, the London Journals occupy themselves with discussing the principalsubjects winch are expected to excite interest. Amongst these, the reforms in the Church Servibe and the Church Property are the most prominent. It is an extraordinary fact that all partiesseem agreed in the necessity of both these reforms. The Tories seem of the two to press tliem the most strongly. The Standard insists upon it, that the Church Properly must be rendered available for the use of the public, and that the Bishops tuust be deprived of their Parliamentary privileges. The Monnu<j Journal goes larniei-. It assorts mat tfi'< Church sold llie.S:;;lt; upon tlio laleCatholie question decision; and that tile most thorough reform can alone preserve the established Protestant Religion fro:n destruction. The King having been known to publicly avow his dislike to thp Alhanasian Creed, of course Ministerial Whigs and Opposition Tories strive for preeminence in attacking that about to be discarded church oliice. Upon this subject the Standard writes as follows " In the Creed, which is called the Apostles', Jesus Christ is sai'1 to have been conceived bv the lli)!y Ghost; or, in other word?, to have proceeded from the llolv Ciiiust; but in the Nicene Creed, the Holy Gh.tsi is said to have proceeded from Jesus; while the Atbaiiasiuu Creed contradicts both, mid 9ays, that the Sou is uncreatc.anfl the Holy Ghost uncreute. The , Apostles'Creed ninkes the Soil posterior to the Father, bat prior to the Holy Ghost; the Nicene Creed makes the Uily Ghost anterior to the Son ; while the Athanasian Cried declares that of life three divine persons i$>ne is ofore or after another. How then could the Father prec.-de the Son? as the Apsstles' Creed says. How could Jesui proceed from ltie Iloly Ghost? as the same Creed asssris; or, the Iloy Ghost proceed from Jesus, ns the Nicene Creed de dares i The contradictory crcdenda, which are brought together in these three creeds,area disgrace to the Establishmentj for it is. selfevident that they cannot all be believed by the same person; aud, therefore, I*. isequally certain thai those who profess to believe them all' most•profesi to believe a 'self-evident impossibility. They might as well profess to believe a creed in the Chinese,orin any other language . whiph they did not understand, n* a creed confitting of cenlradictoiy articles. But, in tlw former case, their sincerity could not beso directly impeached as iu the .latter , for a cr^ed in an unknown latitude in'tilit chance to involve no absurdities or contradictions, bat these three Knglisb creeds are inatie Bp of absurdities and contradictions, in professinc to believe a creed in an unknown language, the individual would as9eni to what might be true, and which, at •east, iie would not kimw to be false; but who ever assents to these three Englisli Creeds, professes to believe what is palpably false, and which no sophistry can make true. In the one cate,» man inny he only a dupe; in the other, lie may prob.iblv be a hypocrtt:'."—The Essentials of a National Church Briefly Explained. Tins luminous mid irtetragabie pamphlet de- »erve» the utten ive p»iusal uf «very candid, liberal, and euqinriug Christian." 