A true Ghost Story. " Conscience avant ! IRichard's himself again. " A short time ago, a highly respectable gentleman of this place, had been visiting an intimate friend at the village 'of New Town. The time had flown so fast, that ere the gentle- man began to think of returning home, the moon had hid itself behind lofty Mount Wellington ; " there is a time that friends must part," and so it was this evening, but what rendered it still more disagreeable, the visiter had, contrary to custom, come alone, it being usual with him to have a servant carrying a lanthern. It was a fine but sultry night, not so entirely dark that objects could not be seen, although it was dillicult to distinguish a person many yards distant ; the gentleman continued his walk, and had just in view the first house of the straggling suburbs, when suddenly he heard the tread of a heavy footstep behind him, not wishing the person should overtake him until he got into a more inhabited part of the road, he rather increased his speed, the pedestrian increased his, it was almost advanced into a run, when finding that the object he was endeavouring to avoid was gaining upon him, he suddenly stopped, look'd back, and horror of horrors, what did he see? a phantom strutted in white of enormous size ! as he stopped, so did the object of his terror ; after a minutes gaie the gentleman took to his heels, and claim- ned he heard a horroble laugh of exultation as he made his escape almost speechless, witih hair standing on an end, he arrived at his home ; the servants were collected, and every endeavour used with them to go in search of the terrific object, but the servants seeing how much the master was frightened, could not be prevailed upon to expose themselves. The thing died or at least was nearly forgotten, when one day a party of gentlemen assembled at a convivial meeting, the gentleman alluded to, told the story above recited, when describing the grin of the phantom, an intimate friend of his laughed heartily, and attracted so much the attention of the reciter, that he immediately said that Mr. -------'s laugh was exactly similar,' " And well it might,""replied the other, "for by my honor, it was I that made you run." By degrees it came out, that the real author of so much terror who lives in the suburbs, having retired to rest, found the heat so oppressive, that throwing on his morning gown, he promenaded the road before his house, and as already described, the scene took place, but with this addition that he called the gentleman at first by name, and, as he did not answer, he was determined to overtake him, and the Herculean frame of the pursuer was so magnified by his flowing robes, and the terror of the other party, that he, who on his coming to Van Diemen's Land, was iooked upon as a complete Adonis by the ladies, was actually taken for a scarecrow by one of his intimate friends. 