CHRISTOPHER NORTH AT SWAN RIVER. (From the Noctes Ambrosianiæ of Sept. ) Tickler.-DoctorWodrow, there's nothing for it but colonization. Wilmot Horton for ever, say I. If I were n stout carle like you, with a parcel of strapping olive plants rising about my table, by the Ghost of Nebuchadnezzar I would roup off, turn every thing into cash, and make interest with Peel for a few thousand square miles of improvable land somewhere in Australia. I'll be hanged if I wou'd uot. Wodrow.-I'm owre auld, Mr. Tickler, I'm ovtrc auld. I , Tickler.-Youl you're not sixty-here am I, j seventy-six come Candlemas, an.I it would take l>ut little to persuade me to join your venture. What say you, North ? could wc move you to such a tramp ? North -Why I have been thinking of the like already. I^et political affairs go on here in their present course for another Session or so, and Great Britain will be no place for the like of us to leav> our bones in. We may as well lie by a little while longer, and theil by Jupiter, and then-if nothing turns up-»hy, the be»t thing we can do will, "| devoutly believe, be to pick up bag mid baggage, i and endeavour to found a tree and Christian state L siimpwheie of our own. Shepherd.-1*11 gang wt' ye, sir,-I'll be ready at ?. half a years notice-gin yo'll gie me a grand estate / ora gnod post. \ North.-Done ! you shall choose for yourself, f James. J Shcpherd.-Na, na Î I'll be weel content wi' ony \ thing ye appoint.-And you, ¡Macrabin, will you bear to stand at the pier o' Leith, and see us avail- ing awa' ? Moorabin.-Not I, indeed. I have made up my minti to be your Chief-Justice, Judge Admiral a ' Lord Hi«li Chancellor, a I ni one. Tickler - As I am the senior, and nlso the chief ' t capitalist, I intend to bt> Governor, or C;icn|iie, <ir \ whatfver eNc we may fix on for title.- Von, North shall be my First Lurd of the Treasury ; a ,.l honest i ¡Mullion my Setrelary of State. Odoherly will he i forthcoming for Commandi'r-in-Chief. I shall offrr ' the Admiralty to B.uil Hall, I think. He IN cinainly A the most courageous Argonaut going, for he has blereotjped «he first edition of His book-and on ** the whole, I consider this compliment as ilue to him. n You, ¡M.icrahin, as you judiciously propine, shall .. have the law arrangements on >our"shoulders-y.m shall be at once our Solon and our Sugden Macrabin - Your. Justiuian and your Justice Clerk Ti Wer.-Our Rhadama'nthus and our Rae- . Macrabin.-Tour Lwurgus, your Lyndhurst, , aud your L'Amy-{hear). " Tickler.-Our Plato, our Plunkett, and our Pit mil ly-(heur). Macraltin-Your Cato, your Coke, and your Koay-{¡leqr, hear). Tickler -Our Aigadowbank, our Minos, and our Mackiiiul-{hear). Meerabin.-Your Draco, your Demosthenes, and your Dickson-{hear, hear). 'ßbephcrd-Qur Halkerstone, our Houp, and our I itlan-ie-[hear, hear, hear). Omnes - Ha '. ha»-hat ha! bal-.hai ha ! haï t . Tickler.-By the way, Doctor, we're been for getting the Church Establishment. Of course you'll * he ou: Bishop \ \ Wodrow-Me a Bishop, Mr. Tickterl I'm a ( CahMUst t" the back-bone- Presbyterian paw. hy Iiormo wherever 1 gang. Macrabin.-1 have a more solid objection. The 1 Scripture has ruled that a Bishop mud be the bus- . baud of only oue wife, and I submit that such a cha- , , racier would be wholly out of place in anew «Ule, ment, indi as w* arealout lo organize, I am thrre i fore inclined, a» Amiens Curiar, to suggest that w« ' should adhere to Ihe Presbyterian model ; In which ' ' case, our worthy friend here might comply with lite i ° spirit of onr Patriarch Institutions, and .have just Ä as many Mrs. l'a wiry Wod rows as he might happen j to lind convenient under exiting circumstanced. ¿ Shepherd.-Aye, man > and Htitr moiiy Mrs. Ma- crobios is their to he o* them ?*.''' " âlacrabin-Hotg-Tlie answer lo that question ia sfill in the womb of time. As well might I ask how many Mrs. Hoggs, Mrs. Tickler«, or Mrs. ¡ Norths-Such enquiries', Hogg, at the present »tage - of this business, must be considered as rash, pre. mature, and irrelevant. Cut sure I am (ri ing) that, . sitting there as you do, you can have 110 doubt with r regard to the principle, gentlemen, the broad, tho x just, the liberal, and the salutary principle, gentle- , men, the broad, the just, the liheral principle, on ' which 1 have ventured to bottom the hingeing and I cardinal features of this case! No, Hog?, is it to be endured that we, a patriotic band, fleeing tu the uttermost parts of the earth, in order that we may no longer be the witnesses of the political, the moral, and the religious degradation, insecurity, and op- pression of a once proud, and virtuous, and truly Protestant country-is it to be borne, I say, and t repeat, that we,~ my Lude,-that we, the herioc vic- tims of this tyranny, the noble eschewers of this abomination, the self.exiled confessors of the great ' and holy cauäe of British Protestantism-is it to be < endured even fora moment, that we, my Luds, should be held bound to carry with UH into these new, wide, and virgin regions, over which ive seem destined to diffuse and establish the great principles of light, and law, and liberty,-is it to he endured, my Ludí, that wc should hamper our wine» in this great, gal- lant, und glorious excursion, with any of those most inapplicable impediments and moil unsuitable en langlements, which, rendered necessary in old thickly peopled territories by the inevitable m ireh ol' cir- cumstances, and sanctioned accor.litisly in such ter ritoiies by ihe denunciations at ouce of the press, the pulpit, and the pillory, could under other cir cuinstancca bo ntlended with no consequence but that of hampering the infant movement«! ol' the social principle in a manner alike imperiincnt, mv Luds, impolitic, and unpleasant? - ("Heur, heat .'J-No, Sir, far from us besuch narrow, illiberal, and unphi losophical bigotry ! Let us not assimilate ourselves in our mind's pyes to the poor haltered mill horses, who stump their eternal round witl.in the never, varying circle of outworn formalities' Lut us, O my Hogg, take a wider, a nobler, and a more »erial range in our aspirations!-(Hear, hear ! J-Let us dwell rather on the great piecursois anrl founders of the existing societies now degrading und degraded, within the ancient hemisphere of this t> rrcstrial globe-Let us assimilate ourselves rather to the Patriarchs of old-(Hear, hear, hear !)-Let us go forth into the wilderness of the New World, able and williup toexTt nil our faculties in the noble task of founding a wise, a free, an independent, a moral, a just, an obedient, and a populous nation-^Hear, hear!)-Let the people grow, and let the rulers ihert of abound and flourish-(~Hear', hear, hear!) Let us spread ourselves in u full und fertilizing stream, from the borders of tlie great river, even the tiver Tickler-unto the wilderness of Wodrow on the right hand, and tinto the huge cedar-clad mountains of the Macrabinian chain upon the left-(Hear, hear.)- Let our Shepherd bequeath his name and his blood to all the dwellers in a valley like unto the valley of Egypt - Yea, let the Hoggs of that land be as the Howtowdies of this! and let Northopolis extend her walls and her towers, until Imperial Rome, in comparison to her be voted a rat-hole, Ninevah« nook, Babylon a baby-house, and Pekin the paltiiesl pile of the Pigmies! Ina »ord, I,like this reverend and revered rather, am opposed Mor- dicus to the adoption of the Episcopalian ritual and discipline in the infant state. In its application to our meditated polit>, I foresee a long concatenation of insuperable and even disgusting evils; I say with our Wodrow *' Let Love be liberty, and Nature law ["-(Hear, Itear, hear !) And I bei; leave to propose a health to the wives and swt-rhtMrls of the Colonists of New St. Ka'» (three times three.) lichlei-I hereby give my sanction to that name New St KIT'S, let it be. North.-Thank ye-well, 1 think we have settled most other things pretty decently-Where are we to get the cash ? Tickler.-Cash ? Pooh, pooh ! Cash, corn, and Catholic»-all shall be forthcoming. Why, I don't wish 'o t.ike things at a high estimate ; but, surely, what with my lands in the West Country, my stork here, in France, and the United States-North's plum-and what the rest of you may »crape together, wo may count one way or another on some-let me see-some millions-or so. Nut enough, you will say ?-well it will make a beginning,'however, and when once we're afloat, no fears-we shall have con- stant accessions. Protestant capital will soon pour in upon us. 3Iacrabin-I look much to the influence of the liberal laws 1 shall take care to establish. I 6hall give every encouragement to new comers, I promise j you-and what with London Bankers,* and Edin- burgh Writers-to-the-Signet, and other accidental contributors, I think our Magazine, is, in fact, like to be troubled with a '. press of matter." Tick'er -According to the recent average», we may count on at least, one of each of these classes of emigres yearly-They II certainly pr. fer New St Kit's to the Uuiled State«, or even to La Belle France. Wodrow. -I thought you had wished nn ex- clusively moral population -now really, gentlemen, fugitive bankers-swindling doers-people that, in tact, can't well, when detected thoroughly, be allowed to remain even among the Wbigs of the old country-with submission, 1 can't but have my doubts how these folk would nnulguma>e. Tickler.-De not over curious Our motto must be, quoad capital, All's fish thal comas to Hie net -rome pike-come gudgeon ! Macrahln -Rerwmber the origin of Rome, Doctor-the brazen wolf, the Horatii and Ciinain, Bos locutus est, the Sabine ladies, and other points of learning; Come fill your glasses-tiugle-lingle lins-here ye the music o' the spoon, l)oi tor ? (Shepherd sings, accompanied by Mucrabin on the Trombone.) Let ihein cant about Adam and Eve-frae my saul I'm mair gien to lamenting üecizehub's fall. Though the beasts were a' tame, and the streams were a' clear, And the bowers were in blossom a' through the lan-; year-. Our aiu wand wad serve me for an Eden atweel, ' An it iverena for fear o' the ¡Meikle Black Deil, Chorus .* Ourain warld," &c.; I was bom to a lairdxhip on sweet Teviot side, My bills they are green, and u:y Ii o I nu they are wide. I line ewes b, the hundred, and kye by Ihn score, And there's meal, and there's mtiut, and there's whisky galore And this warld wad serve me for an Eden atweel, An it werena for fear o' the Meikle Black Deil. Chorus-.' Our ain warld." ice. There is Jenny, jimp Jenny-and blythe bonny Kate, There is Susan the alec-and them's Uauby the blute, There is Jessy, my darling, that kaims back her hair, And wea Irighten'd Meg-, that I met at the fair And this warld would serve me for an Eden atweel, An it were na for fear o' the .Meikle Black Deil. Chorus-«. Our am world," &r.; Wodrow.-O fie--O fia - Mr. Hogg! Mr. Hog« !- (Exit ) Macrabin -Come, now, the old cock's off at j last - Let's have in the cigars, and begin work hcriously.- (Left smoking.) The Berkshire Chronicle says, We have ' reason to believe, on that which we con- ceive to be good authority, that there will be a re-issue of small Bank of England notes ; and that ft meeting ot Parliament, before Christmas, is certainly under die ¡ consideration of his majesty's ministers. ! We understand that Mr. Ç >bbett ' has ' purchased a large share in the Morning j Journal, and - that . the Political Register I will be merged in that popular paper.- ¡ Weekly Free Press. 