I.IUIIt A fTOPint. 1 Uc Presidency of the Prince of Wales Island, Sincapore, and Malacca, is by this time utterly abolished ; and the only Judge there, who by his upright conduct attracted the general esteem of all, but the selfish ad herants of " power,' has been withdrawn, ' ADDRESSES' are not always the truest tests ' of a man's worth. Hole and corner addres ses can never serve a good cause, and may hurt a bad one. Thu cause at all events can not be a very sound one,' which needs such, miserable shifts. Sir John Claridge who was the Judge at Penang-, on his retirement, received three addresses, subscribed by 20 British mer chants, landholders, and other Europeans, 80 respectable Chinese, and 50 Chulias. This speaks volumes, for they were sincere. The return of Sir -John, seems to be anxiously anticipated. The Hurkaru gives some home thrusts on the occasion ; they are so very jjurtinenf, that we cannot avoid quoting1 one or two. With ropard to the European ad dress, observes the Hurkaru, the name, have been witheld from publication for reasons sufficiently obvious. In so limited a commu nity as that of Penang, who can be perfectly secure against the annoyances of men in power? and when an indication of an inde pendent spirit, nay even the act of asserting a just claim against the governing, is in that quarter vsited with the highest displeasure of those dressed ' in a little brief authority.' A highly respectable firm, having met with a refusal on the part of Government to satisfy what they deemed a just claim, ventured to appeal against such conduct, but obtained no redress ; a committee of Government servants being appointed to ' investigate their claim, which committee (one member being the very functionary on whose dictum it was disputed), of course, decided against them. There was then no, professional Judge on the island, and they deferred the prosecution of their claim, -in: a regular form, until his arrival. As soon he came, the case was tried, and a verdict for the disputed amount given. Mark ihe, consequence, reader— an order was sub sequently issued to the heads of departments, never to purchase any thing of the refractory firm ! Yet : will Governor Fullarton, like Governor Adam, we suppose, parvu eompo ticre magnis, have his flattering address signed by the satellites of power. While, however, the authority entrusted to Gover nors and Councillors, for the benefit of the governed, is applied to such unworthy purr poses, it can be no matter of astonishment that there should be some dread of publicity on the part of the signers iof an Address to a Judge who had been guilty of the offence of thinking for himself, and deciding rather according to the dictates of ^ law and Justice than to those of the political rulers of the land.'- ' ' Messrs. -Boyd De^beu and Co. had brought an action in 'lift Sttpieuitt Court, Calcutta, against Captain Fuller, of the ship Fairler, for refusing to deliver up certain goods eon signed to them, till the freight had been either paid or secured to him, which ter minated in a verdict for the plaintiff—Dam- ages, U0,000 rupees and costs. The Hurkaru contains a full report of Chief Justice Sir J. P. Grants' petition to the Privy Council, complaining of the in terference of the Bombay Government with the administration of justice by the Supreme Court at that Presidency, which js well worth prrusiug; but its ox t re me length, at present, hinders us from bestowing upon it any other tfctn this cursory notice. It is curious enouch to read the various arguments used for and against the abolition of 'Suttee.' Some of the native papers say that the prohibition of this rite will lie )li« destruction of the Hindoo religion— u liters contend that Munoo, who is acknow- ledged by all the Hindoos as the great reli- V.jiMis 'legislator of India, no where en- joins the widow to burn herself upon the iiiluof tier hu«l.aml ; on 'the contrary, in stead of coiicreniHtion, he says *? a virtuous 'wife ascends to heaven, though she have no children, if after the decease of her lord she devote, herself to pious austerities.' The real cause assigned for Sir John Claridge's recal, by the first opportunity,' is stated to have had this extent, no more' — his refusing to proceed on circuit,' and "his increasing the salaries of the Officers of the Court.' We think it very likely that he Company's intriguing has had some share in the matter. The India papers say that it retuired all the exertions and influ- ence of the Court of Directors to prevail upon the Government to consent to the 're- quest' above stated, and that his return on such nonsensical grounds was only sanc- tioned on condition that the Court of Direc- lors would be answerable for all the conse- quencs that might result from the measure. Tim j'-rrtat points for India to endeavour to s(!cif»« tor 'Iwsraelf, observes the . IJiirkafii, are tliat lhe.h:ime udiiiiuihiruiioH of her affairs cltould not tic conductrd in -* hole and corner fashion, but obtain a due portion of jntbliu u\ii\ parliamentary notice niut ciintroill; That trade and settlement in that country sitmiid 'be frr«! to all subjects of the crown under a good and rgnal system of laws and and of judicial process : the pel-son and pro: ?perty of every, man being respected whether; be lie of this 'or that colour or country. , 'i'liat the foreign commerce of India, with all entires ad niUiing hvrV'flagj be freed fruni all festrainis or exolusive piivilegos ; in par ticular the circuitous trade with England through China. It will go hard if the company with all their mighty influence and inancevmning do manure to obtain u reiitnvfil of the charier, which they have already held too long to be either useful. or jusi. Every monopoly must ''be pn-judh -Jul for ycry plain and conclusive reasons, whether it lie a leu and trade, or a million of acres monopoly. In a small «?? ciety the latter must work injuriously in proportion. '. In a late Penang Gazette we find an advert, of the King of Qued's house for sale, and -when the Virginia sailed, the King himself was stated at the time to be living or rather starving or at best drawing out a miserable existence in a wretched boat, lying in a creek or river on the opposite shore, with a probability that a violent death, by assassina tion would put a period to his misfortunes and life. We certainty never contemplated, ob- serves the Hurkarn, that a King, whose an cestor 'bestowed on the Company, or their ser vants, the Island of Penang, should, although on friendly terms with the British Govern ment, be suffered, o«i that -very soil, to 'be in waiit of the nvc-Hiarie)' of life ami driven to seek a shelter. in a boat; nor do we consider the event calculated to do much honor to the fame of ' the Honorable Company of' Mer chants of England trading to the East1 Indies.' As a proof that the suppression of Suttees, would be attended with no violent opposition en the part of the natives, it is related that a woman within a short distance of Calcutta being about to be burnt along with the body of her deceased husband, on being informed thatsucb an act was contrary to the Govt. regulations, appeared delighted, and joy fully returned home! The 'Chinese have had the moral philosophy of Confucius for more' than two thousand years. They have had the labours, of Beterari who affected a philosophical scepticism; they have had the devotion of religionists ; and they have had the use of printing ; the bene fit of high degrees of civilization ; and con siderable skill in the arts of life for many' centuries, — yet, they have not risen from the grossest idolatry to any thing that can with the least propriety be called Deism. .They exhibit a medley of atheism, polytheism, and idolatry. ' Before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Seymour, in the Supreme Court at Calcutta, 31st October, Mahadew Souba was indicted for -perjury' but no evidence appearing a* gainst him, t the^Jury,., under the diiectiohs of the learned Chief Justice, acquitted hi& im mediately. .'? -? * * In this modest unassuming guise, fearful no doubt of attracting too much notice from scoffers,, and anxious to avoid the garish eye of the unbeliever in the infallibility of Milita ry Governineiit?, in this unobtrusive form we. have no less important a fact wrapt up. than the winding up of the. Poona Drama!— Ma- badoo.Sewba, it may be necessaty to remind our readers, was the individual who swore the affidavit on which the famous ' Habeas Corpus ad subjiciendum*' was issued by the Supreme Court; of Bombay. The Govern ment under the advice of Advocate General Dewar not satisfied with, having resisted and defeated that process, indicted the swearer for r/urjury, depriving the prisoner of a prin cipal witness In vain did Mr. Justice Grant protest against'the injustice of this act as depiiving an accused of his means of defence by the power of the Government which pro secuted him. He was arraigned and dis charged. ' Better late than never' -may be apdlicd in this case as in others we could men tion, and on the whole .we cannot but com mend the discretion— late though it be, of abandoning this most awkward prosecution. We may have occasion shortly to advert to one or two more. Kien- lung remarks that in the 49th year of the reign of Kang-be (A. D. 1710) soon after- the conquest, which had terribly thin ned the population, the number of the .inha bitants in China was only 23,312,200: but last year. he adds, the amount made out from the returns sent in from all the provinces was 307,467f200. The Emperor wrote iti the 58th year of Jiis reign (A. D. 1793) the census was taken the year before Lord Ma cartney, arrived at the. court of Peking. Mrs. Lushington'a Journal of the over land tour between Calcutta and England, its superior economy over a voyage round the Cape, and its superior comforts, are well shewn up by ' Simon Doubtful,' a correspondent of the Hurkaru. The fair JournalUt speaks of her party being pro vided t» the desert with ' a comfortable tent lined wilh yellow baize, and cheerful ly lighted up ; a clean table cloth, and tbe following bill of fare :— Roast turkey, ham, fowls, mutton in various shapes, curry, rice and potatoes, . damson tarts, and a pudding ; Madeira, claret, sherry, Port, and Hodgson'* beer, Lemann's bis cuits, almonds and raisins, water melons, pumblenose, and a plumcake.' Simon Doubtful shrewdly observes upon the vast difference between, a. governor travelling at-the. general expensej and a private tra veller subsisting on his private coffers, and calculates that passengers leaving Cal cutta, to take Mrs. Lushington's track, would have to pay, viz. — Passage from Calcutta to Bombay, (each) 600 rupees ; detention of perhaps a month at Bombay, 3U0 ditto ; passage from Bombay to Suez, 700 ditto; expenses at Suer, 100 ditto ; tour to Alexandria, 300 ditto; Alexandria to Sicily, 300 ditto; expenses at Alexan dria and Sicily, 200 ditto; from Sicily through Rome, &c.; &c.; to Dover, 500 ditto ; total, 2.900 rupees. To say nothing of the relief from the monotony of the sea voyage ' by the dan gerous navigation of the lied Sea,' of thd *' storms from St. John's to Cosseir, with the dead lights shut in,' nor of the f* dis^ covery^of.a most dangerous shoal with no anchorage; and within . fialf a mile of. the wreckersi' nor:. of the delight wliichthe. English gentleman must have felr when ' on the Pyramid, the Arabs took off his hat, and hove it fairly uver, telling him that if he did not give them U/i*ecs, they woif M heave him after the-al' — nor of the delight which Mrs. L. felt ' when they put her down. in the mud, in order to at tack Mr. lilpliinstone for ' Buxees.' Add 500 rupees for' presents' and' Buxees,' adds Simon, and perhaps this political ex penditure tuny save . you from being rob hiid, or even murdered between Suez and Alexutulria. There are in Calcutta ten Presses, at which, besides ordinary book and what is called job-printing, there are periodically published » daily newspapers, 3 half week ly newspapers, 3 weekly newspapers, po liticnl and literary, 3 weekly price cur rents, 4 weekly native newspapers, 4 monthly publications, 4 quarterly ditto, 7 yearly dilto, besides several daily ad vertisers. The mate of -periodical literatureiin this country (remarks tlw India Gazette) is exceedingly de-pressed. Mnguzines and re views huve been attetnpttd ; oud front their hiwiug disappeared after a very .short ex istence, it may be concluded thnt they were but little encouraged. Besides the Orien tal Quarterly Review (which may be called an annual, considering its visits are few and far between), the (Gleanings in Science, the Kaleidoscope, and one or two sickly missionary' pamphlets, which look more like ghosts of publications than any thing to which we can liken them, we know of no other periodicals' which ' issue from the Press of Calcutta. The first of these is a dull, heavy work?'* The article's are all as sombre an if they proceeded from the pens of ecclesiastical dignitaries, and they are rarely relieved by any thing of a light or amusing character. The Chundrika, a native paper, says the city of Calcutta is gradually increasing in size, by which its residents and visitors are subjected to a proportionate degree of convenience and comfort. The comforts have been increased by new roads and tanks — by the Strand Ghats — by the faci lities for burning the dead— by. contrU Vance* to allay the dust— —by the ap pointment of the Police Committee— and of Native Juries, and these are objects of Go vernment. ' - ' : The address which 80 Chinese merchants and other's had courage enough to pre sent to Sir John Claridge,.' is rathej-' a curious specimen, on the whole, of hyper bolical affection and esteem. It is headed-— ' May the sun increase in splendour,'. and goes on with—' we, the Chinese merchants* landholders, gardriers, and labourers of Pulo Penang, bow our headsbefore the Re corder of Prince of Wales' Island, Singa pore and Malacca,..- and salute you rever ently, shining as you do like a mirror on the soat of justice, 'where you sit by the orders of. the King of England. You have been most wise,- just, and merciful, in the adminstration of justice, and are to be truly compared to the Judge Anchataee of China, whose memory we shall continue to revere to the last day— your heart as pure as the limpid stream, and like Quanrtong Kani, you do not require favors or returns from any one. lie was spotless in every way— even when he travelled and took his horse to water in a river, he threw therein two pice, saying, ' I take not what you give, without payment.' You have never looked to the right or to the left— to the great or the small, but have always decided with the dread of God before you; Our anxiety to behold you again, is as great as that of the pepper planter, who looks for rain after a severe drought. We pray to Teen Teh to grant you all blessing and health. He will order good winds to blow, that you may arrive safe and soon in Eng land, when the King will bestow on you a higher situation and abundant riches, and also to your wife and children. We wish for the Kiug's Court, and not the Com pany's Court, because we have been satis fied and content so long, end do not like trouble and difficulty and changes.' The Bengal Chronicle very projierly observes— We hope, at al( events, that a lawyer, perfectly independent, of the local governmrnt, may be again sta tioned in one or other of these Settlements as a Judge! ' Talk not to us,' fluid the Governor Ge neral, (( of their guilt or innocence, but as it suits the Company's credit ! We will not try them by the coda of Justinian, not by the Institutes of Timur! We will not j judge them, either by the British laws or by their local customs! No! We will try them by the Multiplication Table— we will find them guilty by the Rule of Three, and we will condemn them according to the sapient and profound institutes of— Cocker's Arithmetic !— Sheridan on the prosecution of Warren Hastings* 