THE SYDNEY PRESS. The Tasmanian quotes a paragraph from the limes, which shows that even tho Whig press of England abhors the libellous spirit in which part of the Syd- ney press is conducted. The Times, by mistake, names the Sydney Gazette instead of the Australian. The following is the passage : " The libellous career of the press of " New South Wales has at length re " ceived a check. Tho Editors of the " Sydney Monitor and Sydney Gazette " [Australian] have both been convicted " of libels before Mr. Justice Dowling, " who administered the law according to " the doctrines laid down in this country. " IT WAS HIGH TIME SOME CHECK " SHOULD BE GIVEN TO TUE LICEN " TIOUS ABUSE in which these " AND OTHER JOURNALS IN SYDNEY " THOUGHT PROPER TO INDULGE." Times. Thus does the great Whig Oracle of the day,-fervently as it advocates the liberty of the press, loudly as it de- nounces prosecutions in general for libel, and freely as it deals out its own vitupe- rations against men in power,-thus does the Times, even the Times, reprobate the violence of Sydney radicalism.This is in" deeda deadly blow ! The sympathy|of the London Whigs had been anticipated with full confidence, and cherished as a power- ful consolation under the oppressions of an arbitrary Government, a rigorous Jedge, and a venal Jury. It was held certain that the " independent" press of the me- tropolis would take up the cause of the Sydney victims, and-lash away, without mercy, at all the parties concerned in those infamous attempts to gag and crush the honest politicians, of Australia. But -O miséricorde !-what a disappoint- ment I what a cruel, undreamt-of disap- pointment! The chief of tho English liberals applauds our tyrannical Govern- ment, our severe Judge, our packed and paid military Juries, for " checking the licentious abuse" of the Sydney radi- cals. The noted champion of unfettered discussion proclaims, through his ten thousand throats, that it was " high time" their " libellous career" should be arrested by the iron grasp of law ! Now this is exactly what we have all along expected. Between free discussion in the London sense of the term, and free discussion in the Sydney sense, there is so total a want of congeniality that we felt certain the extravagant vagaries of Australian Opposition would bo con- demned even by the judicious liberals of tho mother-country. We could not be- lieve that they would countenance in Now South Wales a kind of criticism which even in London would bo consid- ered inflammatory and dangerous. They well know, that in a country so peculiarly peopled as this, the press ought, for its own sake, as well as for that of the pub- lic peace and welfare, to use its liberty with caution and moderation, lest it should spread mischief among the people, and provoke the Authorities to revive the trammels of licences and censorships, A prudent, well informed man would have conducted an" independent" journal in this town in a manner at once credi- table to his own consistency, satisfactory to the inhabitants at large, and unobjec- tionable, yea, even serviceable, to a rea. sonable and upright Administration. He would have avoided all offensive epithet» -all wilful misrepresentation-all uu candid misconstruction of motives-all fault-finding by system-all personal in- vective-all sophistical reasoning-all in. flammatory declamation. Calm in tem- per, dignified in deportment, aiming honestly at his country's good, and adhe- ring most religiously to truth, such an Editor would as much "disdain to court the mob as to flatter those in power ; ho would scrutinize public measures with a strict but charitable eye; ho would frankly praise them whenever ho conscientiously could ; he would never censure but when urged by a stern sense of duty, and would then study to perform his unwel. como task in such a manner as should not, by giving offence to individuals, ren- der abortive his exertions for reform ; cherishing a constitutional respect for the Authorities of the land, and labouring to promote the wisdom nnd efficiency of their measures* not to gall their feelingt and abase them in the eyes of the people, -his strictures would unite .the suavitcr in modo with the fortiter in re ; actuated by a philanthropic concern for the hap- piness of society, he would carefully shun that mode of writing which exasperates the worst passions of our nature, divides men into sects and parties, and spreads the gangrene of dissension and animosity ; and, finally, such an Editor, esteeming tho lex non scripta, or what may be termed th# common law, of literary and political con- troversy, would treat his opponents with the courtesy which that law prescribes would meet argument by argument, opi- nion by opinion, assertion by assertion would sedulously abstain from meddling with their private affairs, recognising no- thing belonging to them but their public writings-would scorn to disgrace him- self with personal abuse -would, in short, wage the warfare of the press from motives purely patriotic, uninfluenced by resentment, unsoured by envy, unbiassed by personal antipathy. O for such an antagonist ! How joy- ously would we hail his appearance on the field-how promptly would we mea- sure swords with him-with what throb- bing interest should we watch for his days of publication, and spread his gen- tlemanly though hostile sheet upon our table—and how merrily would our pen rear, and prance, and caracole, whilst combating his well couched hetoro doxies ! Our papers would then be worth the reading-all life, and action, and variety. Our energies would be kept warm and vigorous, braced to per- petual action, and pouring into our co- lumns " thoughts that breathe and words that burn." Ohe ! " 'Twere a consum- mation devoutly to be wished." The Morning Journal of the 24th and 2(ith of December last, contains copions reports of the trials of the proprietors of that newspaper, for libels on the Duke .f Wellington and the Lord Chancellor, but their extreme length renders it im- possible for us to lay them before our readers. One of the defendants (Mr« Alexander), conducted his own case in íuch a manner as to olicit th« marked commendation, not only of the Court, but of the Attorney General who prose- cuted. The Morning Journal as well ns others of the London prints, whose poli- tical principles aro apposed to those of the present administration, speak in very angry terms of theso prosecutions, which they to look upon as indications of a do giro to stifle the press in England. Now wo will admit that it is not at all a plea- sant thing to be prosecuted for libel, and particularly for libel on two of the most exalted personages in the realm. And, in proportion to the magnitude of the of- fence, we are also willing to allow a gio I «hare of complaint against thoso at whose instigation the penalty may bo in- flicted. But we do like fair play on all occasions, ; and really we cannot suppress, gome little indignation at the line of ilcfcnco set up by some of the writers to whom we allude. Is the government of a country, or, rather, those by whom the government ia administered, to be di- vested of a similar protection to that which the laws afford to private indivi- duals? Are the highest personages in the state to bo charged with the com- mission of offences of a criminal nature and to find no redress, forsooth, because the accusatien has been made through the press? Divest the Duke of Welling- ton and Lord Lyndhurst of their official characters, and would they not be en_ titled to protection from imputations on their characters as gentlemen and men of honour?-And why, we ask, because they have accepted office, is the public press to heap calumny on them with im- punity, merely befcause the line of policy which they, in the faithful discharge of their duty as the King's Ministers and British subjects, felt themselves called upon to recommend for the adoption of their Sovereign, happened not to bo in accordance with the opinions entertained by those who assume a right to impugn their motives ? Wo have hitherto ad- mired the talented manner in which the Morning Journal has been conducted, and the truly constitutional principles whioh it has undoviatingly advocated, and we therefore regret the more at per- ceiving that any consideration for self could have induced it to descend from that high station which it had previously occupied. Why condescend to imitate the radical crew by resorting to whole salo denunciations? Why not grapple with the alleged libels and show, if it can bo shown, that they aro privileged pub- lications, and such as the writers or publishers should not have been prose- cuted for? This would have been the manly course to have adopted, instead of that pitiful cavilling about the rank and station of the prosecutor, the mode of trial, and a variety of objections, Ed genus omne, which literary scavengers usually resort to when they are pre- vented from hurling filth at their su- periors. And then again, hecanse men in power look to the laws of their country for pro- tection from imputations on their cha- racter, the radical hounds set up a cry, that " the country is ruined! That it is dono with 1 That grass is growing, or will grow in the streets, though none will grow in the fields," and a variety of similar exclamations. Assertions of the same kind are now made with respect to the Duke of Wellington's adminis- tration. According to some worthies, it is done for," it is-" at an end." The chief of it (albeit not of the flinching or runaway kind) cannot stand; ho must look around him for support, or else down he sinks, like a ghost in a pantomime, through the tiap-door, leaving his robe of office behind him on the stage. For the encouragement, however, of the gentry who cling to this prospect of support in their adversity, we predict that his Grace is standing, can stand, and looks about him for no other support. Those who want him undoubtedly say that he wants them ; but this is a very old trick, and ought not to deceive even the greatest novices. If any place or places should become va- cant, we apprehend that his Grace would lind no difficulty in filling them up, out of such materials as the country affords, without any regard to party whatever, himself covering and imparting his own character only as chief to the whole ad ministaation. This is what we conceive to be his situation, and what would be his endeavour; but perhaps we maybe mistaken. We do not, however, think that we are mistaken. On the whole we regret that the libel cases to which we allude should have occurred. The Mr. Cole mentioned by the Tas ninian as the present koepei of the Sydney Light House, was drowned by the upsetting of his boat, so far back as the year 1821. Registry op Acts.-*We observe it in tho praotico of tiie Supromo Court at Hobart Town to givo public notiuo of ,tho registration of Acts of Council. -Tifo following is a specimen ¡ " Registry of the Supremo Court, April 2'2', 1830. " Notice is horoby given, that his Excollency the Lioutonunt-Governor bath this day transmitted lo tho Supremo Court, to be thoro enrolled and r» rorded, pursuant to tho 22d section of tho 9 Geo. IV. cap. 03. a law or orditianco which passed táo Legislative Council on tho.Ulst April, entitled '. An Aot torogulato the constitution of Jurios. . 1 " Hy order of tho Chief Jnstico, j ' ^ " W. SORELL, Registrar." We [perceive by an advertisement in another piuco, that a tempting chance ia now afforded to tho lovers of finery of decorating thomselves with jowollery of tho very best description to tho amount of "£¡¿5, at the trifling risk of ton shillings. We aro fnr from being advocates for gambling, but wo cannot view this adventure in such a tight; At all ovonts it is a very happy thought on tho part of tho owner of the jowollery to get rid of his wares. Highway Robbery.-On Thursday last, as Mr Pike, a settler at Toongabbee,was re- turning from Sydney, in company with his wife when near his own house his cart was stopped by three men armed with bludgeons; they took all Mr. Pike's clothes, except his shirt and boots, and some waistcoats, &c.; which they had purchased in Sydney. The men only absconded from their gang on that hey them made their appearance in Parramatta and went into a public-house, and called for a pot of beer, and while the man was drawing it they took the till from the counter, and ran into the scrub near the Brick Fields; but through the exertions of the Police they were apprehended in the house of a ticket-of- leave man, and are fully committed for the highway robbert, positively swarn to, and the pro- perty found on them. The ticket-of-leave man was sentenced twelve months to an iron gang, and his ticket cancelled. A daring outrage was committed on the Parramatta Hoad yesterday morning, botwoen 8 and 9 o'clock, hy two armed ruffians, who managed to posBOSB themselves of u loaded pistol and ^112 in silver, from a traveller. Tho person robbed, is a re- spectable shopkoepor in Parramatta, who was ou his way to Sydney in a one horse chaise, accompanied by a youth, his son ; when having proceeded at no great distanco from M'Arthur's gate, two mon sprang from the bush, and'with o braco of muskots levelled at the travellers, desired them to stop. The ruffians then demanded such ruonoy as they had, on which a soulHo ensued, and tho robbers ovorpoworod tho travellers. At this instant, us luck would hav'o it, the carriage of Colonel Shadforth hove in sight, and the robbers quitted their stand. Had it not been for this timely aid tho rouges would have gained a greater advautnge. One of tho ruffians is repre- sented to bo about 5 foot 4 in height, and tho other about 5 feet 8, and to have boon decently o!td. A man named Milles has been under examination boforo the Police for some days past, on a char go of being a prisonor of tho Crown, ille- gally at large. He was taken up on suspicion at Van Di omen's Land, and fonvardod to Sydney ; but as yet his identity remains doubtful. A serious accident befel a woman named Goulding, the assigned servant of a person living in Sydney, on Saturday last ; she was on tho Parramatta coach on her way to town, and by somo accident or othor, she loll irom the roof, and was severely injured. The woman was picked up in an insensible state, and conveyed by easy carriage to the General Hospital. A recent robbery committed in the house of Mr. Rooke, uinstor cabinet maker, in Pitt street, was brought to light the other day by mero accident. Mr. It" happenod to stop into" a certain house on the Brickfield-hill, and there recognised a cane chair, which he had manufactured with his own hands. Tho robbery is said to hove been traced to two mon who wero formerly in Mr. R.'a employ. Tho case is under investigation before the Police. A poor labouring man, whilst crossing the Race Course on the Parramatta-road, on his way to work at Mr. Devine's farm, was suddenly pounced upon by two ruffians on Saturday last, who tripped up his heels, seized a bundle of provisions which he was carrying with him, and then made off. The poor fellow on being thrown off his feet, struck his right hand against the stump of fa tree, which shat- tered it so severely, as to prevent him pursuing hÍs daily labour. He is now subsisting on charity in consequence of the accident. We copy (says the Hobart Totm Cou- rier) the following trom the Hampshire Telegraph of November last. It is the first intelligence wo have ha'd of tho existence of tho brig Horse, which how- ever wo presumo belonged to our Van Diemon's Land Horse Company. Tho escape of tho Captain was truly miraculous :-. " Information of a dreadful affair said to have taken place in New Zealand, has been brought to this country by tho Captain of the Halcyon trans- port, who states that previously to his departure from Van Dieinou's Land, tho entire crow, con- sisting of thirteen hands, of the brig Horse, which traded from Syduoy to New Zealand, had been cruelly murdered by tha natives of Now Zealand, in consoquonco of some offence given to an individual. The account adds, that tho savages roasted and fed upon their victims. The Captain of the Horse alono escaped death, but he had not been hoard of." A lato English Paper states, that Sir Goorgo Murray, the Colonial Secretary, recently saw a distressed black man in tho streets, and on humanely inquiring into his caso, was answered that lie was a free negro, who had left Jamaica to bettor his condition, and thatJie had served in the band of ono of our regiments there. Finding his story to bo true, Sir George procured him a ponsiun of ono shilling a day, and his passago to his own country. Hut tho captain of tho ship refused to take him in his rags and tatters, which wero cer- tainly repulsive. This being communicated to Sir George, ho clothed tho unfortunate wrotch,.and put him in a condition to join the ship, and to escapo tho unclothed, unfed, and unhoused rigours of the approaching winter.' Mr. Moore receives -£6QP0 from Mur- ray tho bookseller for his Life of Lord Byron. " I wish," says the author of an ex- cellent pamphlet on Church Reform, " to see a morning service arranged by authority, and the uso of it not required, not at first perhaps oven permitted, generally in parish churches, but perhaps permitted iu tho chapels of colleges, and on occasions on which the Liturgy is used, except in parish churches. Very soon I would encourage and permit tho uso of such abridged service in parish churches also, on those clays when tho Lord's Supper is administered, and on weok days when there happens to bo Divino service. And by degrees tho uso of it might be permitted in all" cases in which the Bishop, of tho diocese should seo fit to sanction it. The present race of incumbents should not be required to make any change, but they might bo permitted to adopt it, upon finding that it would bo acceptable to their parishioners." Lord Killeen, an Irish Catholic noble- man, it was expected would be .returned for the county of Month. Ancona, Nov. S. Accounts from Corfu confirm the fact of an armistice between the Turks and Greeks, about the Isthmus of Corinth They seem sensible that it is useless to shed their blood in order to détermine territorial boundaries, which will be decided by the Three Powers in their negotiations with the Porto. Two English regiments are ex- pected at. Corfu,-from Malta.. It is said also,- that ¿Ifssolonghi will be occupied by the English. It is said, that England intends to act the part of mediator on 'the Greek continent, ns Frnpce-has done in the Morea, and that tho Lord High Commissioner has received .dispatches from London, especially relative,to that subject. It is. said,.that G-enoral Sir George I'Aey is to have tho,17th Light Dragoons, and Lord Edward Somerset tho Royals. . Qucbecjpnpërs state, that official intel- ligence lind, been received from England, ordering a new division of the' territory- of 'Canada, and regu- lating tbo ¿lections' for mc tabers of the Assembly. -Eight-new-nieroliets, were to bo. elected.- -Theiouse was uot expected -to .meet till Jjiuuary. - FniLOW Feeling.-A " certain ex altod peraonaire," os the nowspaper would «ay, commanded tho ntteiidonöo of a physician, who was' only a Licentiate, and, thoreby, struck consterna- tion throughout the wholo body of " Follows." Tho groat mon already in attendance wero dreadfully alarmed and confounded by this terrible subversion of established collogo etiquette. "Sire!" said one oí thom, "wo humbly ucquaint your Majesty, with »11 dutiful submission, that us Dr.-is nota Fellow, it is contrary to rulo and custom to meet him in attendance."-"A Fellow V asked his Ma- jesty; "what moan yoi" The learned physician oxplained " Well, mâko bira a Fellow, then," was .his Majesty's quick reply ; and ho was accordingly mudoono1 Eating and Writing.-Ovid, Ho- race, und Virgil all frequented the tablos of tho groat ; Cato warmed his virtue with wine ; Shak spearo kept up his nerve with stolon venison ; Stoolo nnd Addison wroto their host papers over a bottlo ; Sir Walter Scott is famed for good house-keeping ; and I know authors who lovo to dino like lords. Even booksollors do their spiriting moro gently for good faro, arid bid for an author tho niost spiritedly after dinner. Thoro is not a moro vulgar mistake than that of confounding good eating with gluttony and excess. It is notbecnuso a man gets twenty or twenty-fivo guineas per sheot for a dashing article, and lins tasto to expend his well-earned cash upon a cook who knows how to dress n dinnor, that he is necessarily to gorge himself like n mastilf with sheep's paunch. On the contrary, if ho moans to presorvo tbp powore of his palate intact, he must " livo cleanly as ^nobleman should do." Tho fut witted people in tho City are not nico in thoir eating, quantity being moro closoly considered by them than quality. There is, I admit,' something in tho good man's' ooncluding conjecture, that " the sort of diet men observe intluencos their stylo." I-should know a " heavy-wet" man at the third line ; and I can toll to a nicely when Theodora Hook writes' .upon claret, and wbon ho is inspired by the over- heating «ud acrimonious stimulus of Max. Hayley obviously composed upon ten and bread and butter. Dr. Phiipots may be nosed a milo off for priestly port mid tho fat bulls of Basan ; and Southoy's Quarterly articles aro written on an empty stomach,' and before his crudities, like the broath of Sir Roger de Coverley's.barber, havo beou " mollified-by a breakfast."-New Monthly Mag. Steaks.-People who want to enjoy ft steak should oat it with shalots and tarragon. Air. Cobbott suys, on orthodox clergyman once told him that he and sis others once ate some beaf-sreuks with shalots and tarragon, and that they " votod unanimously, that beef-steaks never wero bo eaten before." Derivation op Honey-moon.-It was the custom of the higher orders of Tontones, a people who inhabited tbo northorn part of Greece, to drink mead or metheglin, n bovorage made with Imney, for thirty days after overy wedding. From this custom comes the expression " to spend the honey-moon." No man without the support and en- couragement of friends, and having proper oppor- tunities thrown in his way, is able to rise at once from obscurity, by the force of his own unassistod genius.- Pliny's Letters. Cato the Censor only repented of three things during his life-to havo gone by sea when ho could go by land, to havo passed a day inactive, and to have told a socret to his wife. " Gone to Jericho." - Tradition says that there is more than one place in the county of Essex to which Henry VIII. used occasionally to retiro with his mistresses. One of those was Blackmore, at some distanco from Shenfield. The manor-house of Blackmore is called {Jericho ; so when Harry chose to rotire with his mistresses, the cant phraso among the courtiers waa. *' He was gone to Jericho." Hence this proverb or saying. 