The Aborigines. We have been favoured by a gentleman with a letter writ- ten by a friend of his resident in the country, giving some in- formation upon an alarm that had been felt in the neighbour- hood of New Norfolk, in consequence of the appearance of one of these unfortunate beings a few days ago, at Charlie s Hope the residence of Mr Thomson, and from which he has obligingly allowed us to make the following extract : - " About the middle of the day on Sunday, just as we were preparing for dinner, .............. arrived from New Norfolk breathless, and looking as white and trembling as though he had seen a ghost, and hastily entered the house, and casting his eyes every where around, as though apprehensive of pur- suers, said in a hurried perturbed manner, ' I have some bad news to tell you ' You know, that for my part, having seen so much of the world as I have, I am not now very easily thrown off my equilibrium, and perhaps not appearing at the moment to partake of poor..............'s fright quite so eagerly as he had expected, he stared at me with a sort of surprise, and repeated in a more energetic tone, ' I have some bad news for you, the blacks are all coming, they are on the hills all around, I have been to Mr. Thomson's, and I don't know what they haven't done.' ' Well,' replied I, ' I am glad your news is no worse, for it was plain enough that something or another had frightened you, long before you reached the house , but set down , you are safe now, at all events, and let us know all about it.' 'Safe ! do you say,' be exclaimed, ' Why there are at least a hundred of them some say two. One of their leaders has been taken, and the parties are everywhere in pursuit of them. I have brought you a supply of ammunition, and now I'll be off, if you please, directly to Hobart Town, as I would not stay here tor the world.' It was in vain that I endeavoured to soothe or quiet his alarm , and, after a short while he took leave, accompanied by one of the men as a guard, until he gained the high road, when he made the best of his way to town, every now and then, I understand, stopping and looking be- hind him, doubtless in full expectation to seeing the cruel savages, with whom his imagination was possessed. The long and short of what he had to tell me, stripped of all em- bellishment was, that one day last week an Aboriginal youth went to Mr Thomson's asking for bread, when he was im- mediately taken, and proved to be one who had already been in our hands, but had made his escape , and it was reported that the lad, who could speak a little English, had given in- formation of there being a considerable party in the neighbour- hood. This occurrence, inconsiderable as it was in itself, was however enough to set rumour's tongue at work, and what with the alarms of old women, the fiery impetuosity of young men, and the readiness of all to believe whatever is said, our little district became, within a few hours, one scene of stir and bustle. In the course of a few hours, one more hardy than the rest, having dared to go so far as his next neighbour's dwelling, established a code of signals be- tween each other-the firing a gun-the blowing of a horn the lighting of a bonfire-or even the more simple and all expressive coo-eh being settled to he used, according to the situation and circumstances of the several inhabitants. All this happened on Sunday, and these measures being adopted, Monday passed over quietly, and although many a look out was given throughout the day, and many a ' Run, Jem, you little varlet you, and see if the blacks be a coming,' was dinned into the ears of some of the unbreeched urchins around us, by their watchful mothers or grandams, Monday night came, and still no appearance of the Natives. But Tuesday brought with it, a sad termination of this state of repose from previous alarm , for scarce had the sun half reached its me- ridian, when a messenger ran through the district at full speed, spreading the direful intelligence that the Aborigines were in great force, two miles the Hobart Town side of New Norfolk - that they had rescued the man previously taken - had murdered the guard who had attended him, with I scarcely know what besides, the catalogue being so dreadful. I lis- tened to all this, with a nonchalance that was evidently very provoking to him who told it, and when he had finished his story, expressed my determination to proceed to the spot, where the affair was said to have taken place. Those around me, thought I was mad, and said all they could think to dis- suade me, but I was sceptical upon all I heard, and could not conceive such a feeling as fear, with any rambles in the neigh- bourhood stated to have been the scene of action. So ac- cordingly I went, unarmed and unattended. As I proceeded along my way, and passed some of the cottages near the path side, one good dame stood, at the door-way, blocking up in- gress or egress to all others, and called to me, 'Oh! Mr. \-------, where in God's name are you venturing to ! Do be advised, Sir, and go back again, for my little Betty saw their fires over yonder hills, not more than an hour ago.' I thanked her, but still travelled on, till again interrupted by some other neighbour, who, alarmed for my safety, and seeing a spear or a waddy, in every bush that grew, would fain have dissuaded me from my errand. At length, however, I reached the spot, and found things just as I expected. The lad who had been taken at Mr. Thomson's, had contrived to make his escape, between New Norfolk an Hobart Town, from the constable who had him in charge, and the latter apprehensive doubtless, of the consequences to himself, had stated at a house near the road side, that he had been set upon by two other Natives who darted suddenly out of the scrub, and knocking him down, had rescued his prisoners. This story, however, plausible as it might at first seem, failed in certain essentials towards obtaining for it, credence; and none more strongly than that, the marks of one man's footsteps were clearly discernible along the road, up to a certain point, when they entirely ceased to be apparent, but no additional footsteps either at the spot described by the constable, or elsewhere, could be traced, as must have been the case, had two other Natives been there. In many other points, the constable's story exhibited similar discrepancies; so that, should you and my other friends at Hobart Town, hear the atrocities of the Blacks in the neighbourhood of New Norfolk and be alarmed for my safety, rest assured I am safe and well and that it is all 'Much ado about nothing." - Your's truly. 