Select Poetry THE WATCHMAN'S LAMENT. (From Blackwood's Magazine.) As homeward I hurried, within "'The Wen," At midnight, all alone, My knees, like the knees of a drunken man, Foreboding, shook, and my eyes began To see two lamps for one. The lights burnt blue, as they 're wont to do When Spirits are in the wind ; Ho ! ho! thought I, that's an ominous hue, And a glance on either side I threw, But I fear'd to look behind. A smell, as of gas, spread far and wide, But sulphur it was, I knew ; My sight grew dim, and my tongue was tied, And I thought of my home, and my sweet fireside, And the friends I had left at loo ! And I took once more a hurried peep Along and across the street, And then I beheld a figure creep, Like a man that is walking in his sleep, Or a watchman on his beat. A lantern, dangling in the wind, He bore, and his shaggy and thick Great-coat was one of the dread naught kind, - What seem'd his right hand trail'd behind The likeness of a stick. The sky with clouds became o'ercast, And it suddenly set to raining,_ And the gas-lights flicker'd in the blast, As that thing of the lantern and dread naught past, And I heard him thus complaiuing : " A murrain seize-a pize upon Plague take this New Police ! Why couldn't they do with the ancient one, As ages and ages before have done, And let us remain in peace? " No more, ah ! never more, I fear, Will a perquisit, (woe is me !) Or profits, or vails, the Charly cheer ; Then, alas! for his tender consort dear, Aud his infant progeny! " Farewell to the freaks of the jovial spark, Who rejoiced in a gentle riot To the midnight spree, and the morning lark, There'll never more be any fun after dark, And people will sleep in quiet. " No more shall a Tom or a Jerry now, Engaging in fisty battle, Break many heads and peace; - for how, I should like to know, can there be a row, When there is ne'er a rattle ? " Our cry no more on the ear shall grate, Convivial friends alarming, Who straightway start and separate, Blessing themselves that it is so late; - To break up a party is charming ! " But our ruthless foe will be punish'd anon ; Bundled out without pity or parley, His office and occupation gone, Lost, disgraced, despised, undone, Oh ! then he'll remember the Charley." Just then I beheld a Jarvey near. Which on the spot presenting, I scrambled in like one in fear With a ghost at his heels, or a flea in his ear, And he was left lamenting ! 