ST. MARK'S EVE. "May thee be choked with un !" As Master Giles, the yeoman, said this, he banged down a hand, in size and colour like a ham, on the old-fa- shioned oak table : " I do say, bo thou choked with im !" Tho darno made no reply :-she was choking with passion and a fowl's livor-the original causo of the disr/ute. A great deal has beau said and Sung of tho advantago of congenial tastes amongst marriod people ; but true it is, the variances of our Kentish couple aroso from thi3 vory coincidence in gusto. Tiley wero both fond of tho little delicacy in question ; but tho dame had managed to secure the morsel for herself, and this was sufficient to causo a storm of vory(bigh words- which, properly .understood, signifies very low language. Their meal-times seldom passed over without some con- tention of tho sort,-as sure as the knives and the forks clashed, so did they-being, in foot, equally greedy and disagreody-and when they did pick n quarrel, they picked it to the bouo. It was reported that on some occasions they had not even contented themselves with hard speeches, but that they had come to scuttling-he taking to boxing, and she to pinching-though in a far loss amicable manner than is practised by takers of snuff. On the present dif iference, howevor, they were satisfied with " wish- ing each other dead with an tboir hearts"-and there scorned little doubt of the sincerity of the aspiration, ?on looking at their malignant faces. Now it happened that this quarrel took place on ?"the morning of St. Mark-a saint who was supposed on that festival to favour his votaries with a peep into the Book of Fate. For it was tho popular be- lief in those davs, tliat if a person Bhould keep watch towards midnight beside the church, the apparitions of all those of the parish who wera to be taken by death before the next anniversary would bo seen entering the porch. The yeoman, like his neigh- bours, believed most devoutly in this snperaition and it occurred to bim that the oven was at hand, when, by observing the rito of St. Mark, ho might know to a certainty whether this unchristian wish was to bo «ne of those that bear fruit. Accordingly, » little bofore midnight ho stole quietly out of the 'Louse, and in something of a sexton-liko spirit set forth on his way to the church. In the meantime the darno called to mind tl»3 same ceremonial ; and, Loving tita like motive for curiosity with her hus- band, she sot out, though by a different path, on the «ama errand. . The night of tho saint was as dark and chill as tim mysteriös he was supposed to reveal, the moon throwing but a short occasional glauco, as the slug gkh masses of tho cloud were driven across her face. Thus it fell out that our two advonturers wero quite unconscious of beinç in company, till n oudden glimpse of moonlight showed them to each other, only a ievr yards apart ; both, through a na- tural panic, as palo as ghosts, and both making eagerly towards tho church porch. Much as they liad just wished for this vision, they could not help quaking and stopping on the spot, os if turned to a pair of tombstones, and in this position tho dark again threw a sudden curtain over them1, and they disappeared from each other. It will be supposed the two carno only to one conclusion, each conceiv- ing that St. Mark bad marked the other to himsolf. With thiâ' comfortable knowledge, the widow and widower elect liied homo again by tho roads they came ; and, as their custom was to sit apart after a quarrel, they repaired, each ignorant of the other's v excursion, to separate chambers. By and by, boing called to supper, instead of suking as" aforetime, they both came down togethor, each being secretly in tho lost.humour, though mutually suspected of the worst ; and, among other things on tho table, there w-03 a calf's sweetbread, being one of those very dainties that had often set them together by the ? ears. The dame looked and longod, but sho rofrainod from its appropriation, thinking within herself that she could give up sweetbreads for one year ; and tho farmer made a similar reflection. After pushing tho dish to and fro several times, b\' a common impulso they divided the treat ;' and thon, having supped, they retired amicably to rest, whereas, until then, "they had never gone to bod \virhout falling out. The truth was, each looked upon the other as boing al- ready in the ch'urchyaid mould, or '* quite moulded to tbeir wish." . . . _ On the morrow, which happened to be the dame's "birth-day, the farmer was the first to wake, and knowing what he knew, and having besides but just roused hiniielf out of ti dream strictly confirmatory of the late viçil, be did not scruple to saints his wife, and wish hor many happy returns of tho day. The wife, who knew as much as he, very readily wished him the same, having in truth but just rub- bed out of her eves the pattern of s widow's bonnet, that had bsen submitted to her in her sleop. * She took care, however, to give the fowl's liver at din ner to the doom'd »an, considering that wlion ho was doad and gone sho could havo them, if sho pleased, seven days in tho week ; and tho farmer, on his part, took care to holp her to many tid-bits. Their fooling towards each other waB that of an im- patient host with regard to an unwolcomo guost, showing scarcely a bare civility while in expecta- tion of his stay, but overloading bim with hospi tolity when mado cortain of his departure. In this manner they went on for some six months, and though without any addition of love botween thom, and as much selfishness as over, yet living in a sub snrvionco to tho comforts and inclinations of each other, somotimes not to bo found oven amongst couples of sincerer affections. There wero as many causea for quarrel as ever, but every day it becamo less worth wbilo to quarrel ; so lotting bygones bo bygones, they wero indifforout to tho present, and thought only of tho future, considering each other (to adopt a common phraso) " as good as dead." Ten months woro away, and tho farmer's birth- day arrived in its turn. Tho dame, who had passod an uncomfortable night, having dreamt, in truth, that she did not much like horsolf in mourning, sulutod liitn as soon as tho day dawned, and with a sigh wished bim many years to como. Tho fanner repaid hor in kind, the sigh included ; his own visions having boen of tho painful sort, for ho had dreamt of having a head-ach from wearing a black hatband, and the malady still clung to him when awako. Tho whole morning was spent in silont meditation and melancholy on both sides, and when dinnor carno, although tho most favourite dishes were upon tho tablo, they could not oat. The farmor, resting his elbows upon tho board, with his face betwoon his hands, gazed wistfully on his wife, scooping hor eyos, as it woro, out of tboir sockets, stripping the flesh off her cheeks, and in fancy con- verting-hor whole head into a moro capnt mortuum. Tho darno, loaning back in her high arm-chair, ro gurdod tlie yooman quite as ruefully, by tho same process of imagination, picking his' sturdy bones, and bleaching his ruddy visago to tho complexion of a plaster cast. Their minds travelling in tho same direction, and at on equal rate, arrived together at the samo reflection ; but the farmer was the first to give it utterance : " Thoo'd bo miss'd darno, if thoo wero to die !" Tho darno started. Although sho had nothing but death at that moment boforo her eyes, she was far from dreaming of her own oxit, and at this rebound of bor thoughts against horsolf, she felt as if an oxtra-cold coffin-plato had boon suddenly nailed on hor chost : recovering, howover, from tho first shock, her thoughts flowed into thoir old channel, and sho retorted in the same spirit : " I wish, master, theo may Hvp so long as I !" The farmer, in his own mind, wisuod to live rather longer ; for, at tho utmost, be considerod that his wife's bill of mortality had but two months to run. Tho calculation mado him sorrowful ; during the last fow months sho had consulted his appotite, bent to his humour, and dove-tailed her own incli- nations into his, ia a manner that could never bo supplied. His wifo, from boing at first useful to bira, had becomo agreeable, and at last dear ; and as he con- templated hor approaching fate, ho could not holp thinking out audibly, " that ho should be a lono somo mon when sho was gono." Tbo darno, this timo, heard the survivorship foreboded without starting : but she marvelled much at what she thought tho infatuation of a doom'd man. So perfect was her faith in tho infallibility of St. Mark, that she had even seen tho symptoms of mortal disease, as palpablo ob plague spots, on tho devoted yeoman. Giving his body up, therefore, for lost, a strong sense of duty persuaded her, that it was imperative on her, as a Christian, to warn the unsuspecting farmer of his dissolution. Accordingly, with a so- lemnity adapted to the subject, a tenderness of recent growth, and a memento-mori faco, she broached the matter in the following question : " Master, how bee'st 1" " As hearty, dame, as a buck,"-the darno shook her head,-" And I wish thoo the like,"-at which he shook his head himself. A dead silonco ensued : the farmor wos as unprepared as ever. There is a great fancy for breaking tho truth by dropping it gently, an experiment which has no vor .answered any more than with Ironstone China. The darno felt this, and thinking it better to throw the news at her husband at once, sho told bim, in as many words, that ho was a dead man. It was now tho yeoman's turn to bo staggered. By a parallel course of reasoning, he had just wrought himsolf up to a similar disclosure, and the darno's death-warrant was just ready upon his tongue, when ho mot with his own despatch, signed, sealed, and delivered. Conscience instantly pointed out tho oracle from which sho had derived the omen, and ho turned as pale as " tho palo of society,"-the colourless com- plexion of lato hours. St. Martin had numbered his years ; and tho remainder days seemed discounted by St. Thomas. Like a criminal cast to die, ho doubted if the die was cast, and appealed to his wife : " Theo hast watch'd, durne, at tho church porch, then 1" "Ay, master."' "And thee didst see me spirituously! " " In the brown wrap, with the boot-hose. Thee were coming to the church, by Fairthorn Gap ; in the while I were coming by the Holy Hedge." For a minute the farmer paused-but the next, he burst into a fit of uncontrollable laughter,-peal after peal-and each higher than the last, according to the hysterical gamut of the hyena. Tho poor woman had but ono explanation for this phenomenon -slio thought it a delirium-a lightening before death, and wus beginning to wring her hands, and lament, when she was checked by the merry yeo- man :-" Dame, thee bee'st a fool. It was 1, my- self theo seed at the church porch. I seed theo, too-with a notice to quit upon thy face-but, thanks to God, theo beest a living, and that is more than I cared to say of thoo, this day ten-months !" The darno mado no answer. Her heart was too full to speak, but throwing hor arms round her husband, she shewed that she shared in his sentiment ; and, from that hour, by practising a careful abstinence from offence or a temperate sufferance of its appear- ance, they became tho most united couple in the county ; "but, it must bo said, that thoir comfort was not complete till they had seen each other, in safety, over tho perilous anniversary of St. Mark's Eve."—Hood's Comic Annual. * Newspaper Mistakes.—Among literal errors which are often metaphorical truths, may be classed those amusing mistakes of the press sometimes found in newspapers, by which a newly-married and lively couple is blazoned in the obituary, or a deceased old maid among the marriages. For instance, when we read such intelligence as the following—" Died on the 7th instant, Mr. James Strout to Miss Walker," we can easily imagine that the truth is told by the accident, and that the lovoe did emphatically expire, on the same day that the bachelor was metamor- phosed into the husband. If no marriages were al- lowed to appear in the catalogue but such as were of love, and not of convenience, and the state of husbands and wives who are dead to one anothor ad- vertised under the proper head, the weekly accounts would be greatly altered. One can hardly help thinking that there is design is such an accident as this—"Married, on Saturday last, Miss Primrose, aged forty-six, with perfect resignation." If we know that the lady has become a bride of the hea- venly bridegroom, wo aro scandalized at a mistake which givos such a bundle to tho sneers of the mali- cious world, which ia over ready to believo in the resignation of a spinstor of forty to any matrimonial proposal. Births are generally chronicled with more care, for this is a subject on which people are more interested and are more vain than in the trifles of marrying and dying. If a heedless printer should inform the world, under this head, that last week the Rev. John Thompson had lain in of twins at the parsonage house, his lady would assuredly write to the editor to fill up the hiatus. Reflecting people cannot turn to this column of a newspaper without some seriousness ; tho constant round of people who nre coming on and going off the scene, and the little time it takes to travel ovor tbo stages of birth, marriage, and death, make it of small consequence in which we appear, and read a lesson upon vanity in tho stylo of tho preacher. St. Sepulchre's Bell.—The tenor-bell of St. Se- pulchre's Church, which had for many years been tolled on the execution of criminals at the Old Bailey, fell from its hangings in November, whilst the ringers were greeting the Lord Mayor's procession, and was broken in two by the fall. The strength of the tim- bers it fell on stopped its further progress, otherwise it would have gone through, and killed or wounded some of the ringers boneath. Tower Bible Society.-The seventeenth annual mooting of tho Tower Bible Auxiliary Society was hold on Tuesday evening, in tho hall of tho Ordi nanco- oflico, Mr. Pcrcoval, M.P., in tho chair. Tho report of the committoe stated, that tho amount of subscriptions received during the past year was "£157. It likewise set forth, that General Neville had been compelled by ill-health to resign the office of president, ond recommondod that Mr. Perceval should be nppointod in his place. The report was approved of by an unanimous voto. Mr. Perceval declared his willingness to fill the office of presidont, and to uso all his oxortions to promoto tho interests of the society, which he eulogised as being produc- tive of high benefits to mankind. The mooting was addressed by sevoral dissenting ministers, and at the conclusion a collection was made. Calvin's Residence at Geneva.-The circum- etanco that led tbo .great »poBtlo Calvin to adopt Geneva as his residence, is singular. Passing through that town on his routo from France to Ger- many, ho encountered his friend Farrel, thon resi- dent at Geneva, who entreated bim to remain there, !>nd assist him in his minislry. Calvin, however, was dosirou« of proceeding, till tho ofhor threatened him in tho most solomn manner with tho curse of | God, if ho did not stay to assist in that corner of the Lord's vineyard. Calvin accordingly complied, and was appointed professor of divinity.' It was nt Ge- nova that tho singulur interview took place between Calvin and Kckius, relatod to Lord Orrwy by Deo- dati.-The Landscape Annual. Anecdote Op the Papal Court.-Etiquotto re- quires that every ono introduced should appear in uniform or court-dress ; and, after the preliminary introduction to Cardinal dolla Sommagliii, they are 'ushered into tho presence of his holiness, who re- ceives them without tho slightest pomp or cere- mony. In this respect his audience forms quito a contrast to tho court presentation, or tho royal levee of any other sovereign in Europe, from tho Aposto- lic Kaiser down to tho pettiest princo in Germany. I was amused at the account I beard of an English country gentleman's conversation with tho Pope, who, it seems, asked this genuine John Bull, if ho had ever been in Rome before 1 " Yes," ho ro piiod, " but it was during the reign of the late Popo, your fa ther."-Sinclair's Autumn in Italy. A maxim fob tub use of Strangers.-When tbo Lord Mayor condescends to speak proverbs, wo turu with interest to tho words,of civic wisdom. Tho Mansion-house is the depository of -City sonso, and to tho oracle of tho temple wo bow with humil- ity. An unhappy countryman tho other day was cheated out of the proceeds of a load of hay which he had sold in Smithfield, by a follow who overtook him on London-bridge, and after bo told his story to tho Lord Mayor, that excellent magistrate furnishod him with the following guide for his future conduct in tho metropolis : " My good man, yon must novor come into Lon- don without thinking that every man you meet or j see, whom you don't know, is a roguo. Thia pioce of advico, coming from so unquestiona- ble nn authority as the Lord Mayor of London, will no doubt lead to the best results, and cannot fail to impress upon the minds of strangers that London, according to the words of the song, " is tho Devil's own shop." His lordship, having d10 best opportu- nities of judging, is herein clearly of opinion that the city is a nest of thieves, and grounds upon that knowledge tho necessity of ucting as if every man wore a thiof ; that is to say, button up your pockets, mind your watch, mid got out of town as quick as possible. Unfortunately, the principle has a double operation, for wbilo you are regarding your noxt neighbour as a suspicious character, ho is watching you under similar appreheusipns. Thus tho commu- nity would become divided into two great parties distinct, but not separated-opposed, yet hetoroge noously amalgamated-tho watchers and the watched A certain philosopher,vwhom we would not name in comparison with the Lord Mayor, said, " Think every man honest until you prove bim to bo a roguo"-but the Lord Mayor says, " Think every man a rogue until yon provo him to bo honest." In eithor case, the difficulty lies in the proof. To provo a man honost consists in a series of moral negations, tho only kind of proofs that cannot bo obtained ; while it is the easiest thing in tho world to prove a man a rogue, for the discovery of his roguery is it- self the proof of tho fact. Ono maxim, therofore, rests upon tangible evidence-the other upon au as- sumed proposition; and wo have to decide which is tho more practical,-as aholp through life. If wo aro to wait until all men aro provod trustworthy, wo suspect we must remain the sole keepers of our own trusts-if wo trust men until they betray us, we purchase the experience too loto, and shut tho door when the steed is gone. Safety Ups between-one extremity of tho beam rests cn the philosopher's stool, the other on the Lord Mayor's-we shall bo satisfied to sit in the middle-that is, neither to be- lieve men honest nor dishonest, until wo havo strong grounds for our belief, and to blainu ourselvos, and not tbo villainy of mankind, if we give our confi- dence unwitoly. _ Comfort for Drunkards.-Tho police commis- sioners have directod, that persons taken up by tito constables, and confined for drunkenness only, may bo discharged when sober, without being taken be- fore the magistrates.-Morning paper. Education in Denmark.-A friend has handed us the annual report presented in January lost to tho King of Denmark, respecting tho progress of the Lancasterian system of instruction in his dominions. Schools of this doscription were first established in Denmark only so late as 1023 ; but thoir subsequent progress has boen rapid beyond example, as tho fol- lowing synopsis of tlu> table shows :-In 1823 the system was introduced into 244 schools ; in 1824, the number was 605 ; in 1825, 1,143 ; in 1826", 3,543 ; in 1827-, 2,003 ; in 1828, 2,302 ; and in 1829, the additions made would carry it to 2,646. The British Consul at Tangier.—We take the following from the French papers :—"An account from Gibraltar states that Mr. Ellis, the English vice-consul, at Tangier, had been about a fortnight in that town when his health and his reason wero disordered. His friends thought it advisable to em- bark him on board an English frigate. Mr. Ellis being now deprived of the use of his arms by lame- ness, was placed in an arm-chair to be hoisted on board the frigate, He was already raised to the height of the dock, when he fell into the sea and disappeared. The sailors who hastened to save him were unable to find him, and it was only by chance that a sailor who had a boat-hook in his hand had the good fortune to catch hold of him and bring him on board. The frigate having sailed immediately, it was not known at Gibraltar whether Mr. Ellis had been restored to life." 