%ÄP^ HOBART TOWN: JUNE 11, 1830. ".'. ... ..ir/ ..!; .'' ' --.I.',, J':?/.- . ' Let it be impressed upon your minds,let it be installed into your children, that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. Junius With reference to a subject uppn which we have already made a few observations, we regret to say that the result of certain in- quiries which we have instituted, too well bears out the Editor of the Tasmanian in his severe strictures upon the state of the old Prisoners' Barracks, or Penitentiary, as it is more com- monly called. We are sorry for this ; -for we are well con- vinced it is not intended by, the,Home Govern- ment, under whose particular orders-with re- spect to system or management-the Prisoners of the Crown are now placed. We are no advocates for depriving punishment of its pro per stings. We lay no claim to such bowels of tender mercy as would, lead us to wish to see those who ate eking out a retribution of their ciimes, in the possession of all the com- forts and indulgences enjoyed by others who are-at least so far as appears to the world - yet-pure and immaculate. But punishment is one thing--cruelty another; and we scruple not to say, that we consider the internal eco- nomy of thePenitentiary, as it has hitherto in some partículars , existed, to partake rather of the latter than the former. In England, even under the severest state of punishment, numberless little soothing atten- tions and kindnesses at the hands of friends are permitted, which are here unknown, owing to the separation from all ties of kindred;-and surely, no orders-no system-nor any regula- tion ought fairly to place the unfortunates who are sent hither for their crimes in a worse con- dition than the laws of their country would sanction, under similar circumstances at home? That man can have had but little experience of what human nature really is, who requires to he told, that when punishment exceeds a certain point, and partakes of cruelty, it loses all its salutary effects, and produces a hardened instead of a penitent state of mind. And it is against passing this point that we would caution those in whose hands the impottant power is vested, which can, by a single word, or even a look, either add to, or diminish the weight of fetters that are worn by so many of their fellow- creatures. We learn, however, with satisfaction, that the wretched state of things so justly com- plained of has been already partially amended, since the subject caine before the Public, and we do trust that the hand of reformation will not stop until its woik be completed. We would earnestly press upon the local Govern- ment to make itself minutely acquainted with the system of management adopted at the dif- ferent hulks, and other places of correction in England, and, as early as possible, to let it form a model for its imitation. It should also be remembered, that it is a subject which has over and over again attracted the no- tice of eminent Philanthiopists,-and has repeatedly come before the House of Com- mons in the shape of reports, and incidental conveisations, as weil as in the course of regu- lar debates ;.-and we, do not believe that we say a word too much when we express our opinion, that the course pursued in England- alike as to olassification, dietting and clothing \- is as nearly what it,ought to be as can well be imagined. In procuring information of this nature, let not the Government confine itself to books, or similar sources ; but let it condescend to in- quire of some of those who have themselves experienced what the nature of the English sys- tem is, for among the crowds ,of this class that wehave around us, there surely must be many individuals whose answeis to inquiries may be depended on. We consider, that the notice of the Press cannot be more legitimately drawn to any sub- ject than to such as this; but,.when once the alarm has been sounded, it is neither proper nor becoming to urge all that can be said upon it, until we see the result. Believing, as we do, that it is the Lieutenant Governor's wish to see every part of his Government work well and in order, we have full confidence that it is only necessary for things that require correction to be made known to him, in order to procure their remedy ; and, under this conviction, we doubt not that we shall shortly hear no more of the filthiness, nakedness, and worse than hoggishnces in feeding, that have been so ably and freely commented upon by our Tasmanian Contemporary. ?roagB!H.aiüMJnwiwiawi Regarding as we do every thing that for- wards the literature of the Colony, or the means of disseminating intelligence among its inhabitants, as an additional stepping-stone to its prosperity, and to its attaining a merited rank in the list of British Colonies, we hail with strong satisfaction the announcement made by the Hobart Town Book Society, in this and the other papers, of an intended enlarge- ment of their plan, by establishing a Reading Room, which will be opened upon easy terms to many who have now little opportunity of be- coming acquainted with the passing occurrences of the day. The success that has attended this Society since its commencement, three or four years ago, and the total absence of all broils, dis- sentions, or party-feeling among its numerous members, should lead all other institutions to adopt, as nearly, as possible its fundamental principles, and its rules' and regulations, for their guide or model. We have no doubt that much real good has been already produced by tbis Society, and that, as it advances, the be- nefit resulting from it will become extended. We are friendly to all Institutions of this na- ture- to all that have for their object useful purposes ; for we look upon the human mind to be of so insatiable a nature, as to employ- ment, that, whatever tends to direct it to such pursuits as are known to be right, prevents it from resorting to those that are evil ; that it resembles in a measure a child, who, if he be doing nothing else, will generally be in mis- chief. Upon this ground we would always lend-our aid to the Mechanics' Institution, to Masonic Lodges, and, in a word, to all similar Societies, conceiving that the good they do is not merely confined to their avowed end or ob- ject, but extends further, by serving to give sound and wholesome food to the thinds of those who belong to them, preventing their having time to think pf evil ; but unfortunately, it often happens, that the good thus capable of being produced, becomes warped and injured by the influence of the narrow-minded policy, or tur- bulent factious spirits, which have to do with the internal management of ; these , Societies. We have two examples before us in this re- spect, one of which may serve for a copy, and the other for a warning to all future Institutions; for it cannot be questioned, that had the Van Diemen's Land Society been as free from ble- mish or objection as the Book Society, it would not have had to retrace its steps in the manner it has, but would have received the almost unanimous- support and confidence of the whole Colony. The first Sittings of the Court of Requests for the district of Hobart Town, under the new Act, terminated on Saturday evening, the Com missioner having disposed of 332 Causés in the short space of three days, although they com- prised a vast variety of claims, often attended with perplexing intricate circumstances, and conflicting evidence, requiring patience and acuteness to unravel and determine. In some instances; where the merits were confined to a disputed balance of long running- accounts, the parties solicited and accepted verdicts with aj reference, some to Mr. LYONS, the Regis- trar-others, to Mr. PEET, the Summoning Officer of the Court, to fix, the amount of their claims. This course is very generally followed in England, and has been found beneficial, as it saves the time of Court at a period when vast numbers of persons are waiting anxious for their causes to be disposed of ; and it is too plain to admit of doubt that an investigation confined to the intricacies of pounds, shillings, and pence, can be much better carried on in private, than under the forms and usages of any tribunal. ''.'.', There still.remains all. the causes in which the defendants reside'out of the district, and which were advertised for trial onthe 17th instant, but it seemed generally understood that the nexfl silting of the Court would be held on the first Thursday, in July, being the monthly; rotary Court ¡under ¡thé;.new regulations^ and at which time the arrear of 'cpuntry.càuse'sj;-w'6^ld"li.è...dis-; posed of previous-to entering upon the general town business.- ',? This delayhas, we understand, been unavoidable, from the, Jmposs.tbili.lyj'-of är ranging lor an earlier period some plan by/which |.-the:.process,issuing^frqlnthis.iCourt'against per- sons^ residing in every otlier district ofvj the Island -nay be served on the respective pairies. Very great mijB-jiifor^iaiio'ii.iíasgotj.áltrQ^ as to the operation of the, Court of Requests in Hobart Town. By/'many 'persons it has jieen'. supposed that the establishment óflocal Courts i at. the Police Stations woultl have the effect of diminishing the business transacted attiré 'Sit- tings at Hobart Town. '/ A slight view of'the Act will shew a different state o& things, tor by the new regulations, the dut'ies.at^Hpbavt Town are increased to a most enormous extent.-> The plaintiff is entitled to sue his debtor in the dis- trict where the debt was contracted; ko .'that at least nine-tenths of the old businRss'icémains at tiobart Town. Besides which, formerly,tlie li-è mit of the operation was confined to Bucking- hamshire, now it extends to Cornwall; and par tios.residingat Launceston, or infact in any part of the Island; who contract debts in Hobart Tifwn, or its district, may be sued in the Court at Hobart Town, -lu addition to the extended sphere of operation, all this process has to be 'served over.the same space twelve times a-year, instead of four, and in fact renders what was much needed under the old system-some strength in the, execution department, actually, indispensable. It is with unfeigned satisfaction that we notice a piece of intelligence communicated by the last week's Courier, with respect to the. rapid progress of education among the lower order of inhabitants, as exemplified by the fact, and which is well-deserving to be recorded, that there are now no fewer than 194 children regu- larly taught in, thé Sunday' Schools established by the Wesleyan Congregation in this Town.' ; What a beautiful -what an -unanswerable commentary is there afforded, in support of the truly Christian doctrines that must be promul-' gated at a Place of Worship capable of such extensive and beneficial consequences! Let us hope, that in this remote corner of the earth, the feuds and discords and controversial bick-' erings which, to the shame of older countries, oftentimes scandalize the Pulpit, will ever re main as much unknown and unpractised as at present ; and, on the contrary, that' those who differ from each other upon points of dpctrine, or questions of Church government,- may at least continue united by the bonds of peace and good will, emulous only-if emulous at all \--as to who can do the most good. . If this happy state of society, be .permitted us and if the example of the Wesleyan, Con grëgation 'be followed' as it ought—we shall imperceptibly find a progressive improvement in the morals and general conduct of the com- monalty, which none but a visionary would otherwise expect to see accomplished. Évery child will be taught to read the Bible, and be accustomed to hear good and religious precepts inculcated; and although doubtless the seeds so implanted may frequently lie dormant for a time, and the individual may be led away by the; temptations of the world in such a manner as to. induce the fear that he has been taught to little purpose, we verily believe, that, at one time or another of every man's life, the good seed of this sort will arrive at maturity, and produce an abundant- crop. Long' as the hu man mind Has been the study of Philosophers', and narrowly as its workings and windings have been traced, it is yet but imperfectly un. derstood-so wonderful, so God-like is its structure! It is, indeed, the Spirit of God animating a mere piece of clay;-and as itjs undoubtedly the issue of all the good and evil by which our course-* through life is marked how-much does it become parents to pay at. tention to its culture and instruction, from the earliest ages of their childreri 1 andvhow much more so tlian the time* and expense theyt)ften devote to mere outside show and ornament, in the manner we so often witness.-We are in- clined to hope that the Editor of the Courier is right in saying that nearly all Parents - let them be ever so depraved themselves--wish to see their children instructed and virtuous. As- suming that it is so, the poor may be congratu- lated, that there are so many of another class in this Colony, who are ready to co-operate in the good work,-and that there are but few instances where education cannot be obtained upon easy terms.-We trust the fruits of these labours will be seen hereafter. \-------------------. The Proprietor of the Launceston Advertiser has agani unfortunately subjected himself to the displeasure of His Honor the Chief Justice and the Attorney General, in consequence of some remarks in his Journal of the 31st Ultimo.- In his Paper of Monday last, it appears that'-an "Apology was read to the Court on Wednesday, in consequence of a motion made on Tuesday; and his Majesty's Attorney Gencral most kindly consented to arrest all further pro- ceedings, until Tuesday, provided the Court and Jury were content therewith." The " Apology" itself is too long for our insertion. When we first saw the "obnoxious remarks" alluded to, we felt convinced that the Attorney General would be officially compelled to take some kind of notice of them ; and when we consider how very violent the expressions are, we must say, that the leniency and clemency shown by the Court, in arresting all proceedings against the Publisher, is highly creditable, both to His Honor the Chief Justice and the At- torney General, as well as fortunate for our Contemporary. We cannot help noticing the following para- graphs in the same Paper, and we confidently assure the Proprietor, that, if he adhere to his text, not only will he merit a great share of public patronage, but at the same time render a benefit to the community : Self-preservation is an old adage, but it suits all ages at all times and at all seasons. " Having been led by bad advisers to the brink of a precipice, and not,perceiving our danger until almost loo late, is it wonderful if we recoil from the dread abyss of destruction, or will it appear strange if we refuse, once and for ever, ro listen to the guileful and insidious suggestions of those who cared not for our destruction, provided their own purposes were accomplished. " The public therefore, we hope, will not feel offended at the change now about to take place in the future conduct of this Journal; for we are fully determined not to suffer any person -to insert any malter that can~be construed, by the sharpest sighted to be libellous from this day forward." Each Editor, on his debut, will, as a matter of course, style himself independent; but how very few specimens have we of that truly inde- pendent writing which ought to emanate from the pen of an unbiassed and unprejudiced Editor ! In Launceston, as in Hobart Town, no doubt there are two parties-the pro and 'the con : every thing advanced by the one is objected to by the other, not on account of any difference of opinion, but as a matter of course. Thus, when an Editor intends starting a really independent Paper, he 'must necessaiily differ, in many points, from both sides ; for it is very possible for the pro's and the con's to be equally in the wrong, interest naturally falls into the scale, and its powerful weight frequently out- balances independence, and thus, from an ho- nest, it ¡\degenerates either into a decidedly Government or a violent Opposition, News- paper. But Proprietors of Journals would, eventually find it to be their interest to lean to, no party, although the gilded balls might at first sight be taken for pure gold..-W e trust, however, that our Contemporary will be bene- fited by experience -that the virulent feeling too often manifested will cease-and that, henceforth, the Launceston Advertiser will be a credit to the Colony, .which it assuredly will, if it stoops not to the suggestion' of those who care but little for the Proprietor's interest, so, that their aim is accomplished. Mr. WELSH, whose zeal and attehlion,to Iii* public duties when stationed at Hobar.t Town, as Master of the Government Marine, renclei ed him well known to? and respected by, all classes, and who now holds an impoitaut post in the sanie department ,of service at Launces- ton, has publishedlin the Hobart Town Courier a letter upon the navigation of the Tamar, which deseives a place in our PapetV-evân at second- hand, not only on account of the useful infor- mation lto Mariners,.¿hat,it contains, but»inso much as it is a link* in the geographical1 descrip- tion of the Colony, and cannot therefore be made too public : " The diificultv of making Low Head has 'been the con- stant complaint ol those who navigate these paris, throuB» Bass's Straits, but the following dhections, I trust, will be found worthy of ^attention, and will assist itlie mariner till a light-house is erected for his better guidance,, " In standing in for Hie'entrance of the' 'faraar, you must observe that all the hiflh Lind lies to the westward, and that I the range of mountains gradually falls into ( the sea at P0)llt Flinders, about 4 or 5 jailes W. of Low Head, the land to iheeaaluard is moderately low,, willi a few rising hills de .""._ .,".,_ ". JVaiifee óf'iñqtíntains (three in number), of which it ¡b the lowest, and has its wesl-sldc .Mft0{;tFee"£ßr tliö p^fp£iê/ûfj'èrÏ!c'libg^i^ilgnal station? {¡»¿í^wjieiii complete,, will afford the best land-mark, as {it" * «beseenlpf &: !iap«s oil'.; Sl;ips fluming in from the*.' SwiitaHiuVé^Ri'íiíid'ileacl as a guide, and ,lhose from the ; Miward.wjl! be,d.i,i; *ïhe best tract for, entering¡tbe-mier is wliattlhave callad the '.«iMiróutinnel, and strangers iare-, particularly; diredtud to" »3l.r.. .'..? ?'.;_'._:...,j?ns.i.ii s.::.i_.-.i_^i^-,^.i.i . igajê grpond,, .on.wbioh> you -Ayilt hàvé Sand 3Jfathom's atV ''l'»tf'-npodi'(i'áSVp^n,-ypu;dcjBpenfíyonr. \vater,i;steerinid-ohrihriel' .be'twíén the .JBarret Rook and-the Reef on tllesturbo'ard.Mánd, ñassing tliîs, 'k;«ep the .westdhoreííondiónrd, talcing dire not to sai' within-4 ¡fathom, as the. banks in- several ¡places are . ?erpendioo'ar shoalmg .from 8 falhom to 5 fathom, passing '!¡j¡e ¿exl two1 beacons on the extreme of the east and west. Hals, you must pay attentioni ,t'd the setting of the tides, the ebb crosses from Kelso Bay to the east beacon, and runs ,er,. strong and in Jorge whirlpools, bat it is expected you have vpur pilot before-you reach this distance.; That not be jnçth'efeAse. 'and you wish ' top'roceed to Launceston, pass Càriten'Island.'.'Vo-- the' dnsiVaM,' a'iid haul close round ii to .lie Porpoise Rock a good birth.; It has but.'5; feet Water i ^cr it'at low sp'i'ing'tides, 'anti''a 'beacon, .lias bVeñ placed on thecentreof :it. Having paused this "danger yon uiäy sáil-up the river with safely till 'Hear Middle Island, where I wonld recoinnieiicT all strangers lo anchor till a pilot arrives. ' " Jf'you intend-going into anchorage at George Town, pass. 0]ear round the Point that fpnns the Cove, and between a fluster.of rocks on i hu right hand, paying particular ji'tten tion lo,the.setting of the tides. 'Anchor opposite the Wharf,, '¡ii'ä'liiihoms, and moor your vessel either'with 'kedge'or to" ?'liliesli'iira-'"' ","''-.-.'..,.', '",',, \'.t :|1,.-, .... ;'/. .4 .',.! . - ?.. If !ypiiwish'lo''anchor lin KelsbBay, keep the western 'shore oh board at' a ' c^nVenient distance, as a,spit on which abuov is placed runs ''a'consiílérable ¡distance to ihe north-1 > war<|. and forms the bay,'íri'' which' yp\i ' anehor. Here youl jjiusti.nioor tb the trcl's.f Ä narrow channel is beaconed 6(1' lliraoiih which you may run lo tho Tamar at high water, .shouldy'l'be -obliged Irom stress of feather'? "o seek""ëflièr"-' ?Shelter;'""ït i's'-Jbí^r'waléi* at Gebr'ge Town at a quarter past; ? eIevfiti;on full¡and¡¿bangey and the average rise of tide- is thir- teen fee'», "., ,?,-.!?:,.-l.-.-i'..-; v-'',"-''-v .¡~ V; o''¡.';»-:' ,'?'- ' . "'i Further directions for the navigation -of: this'river wóbldj be useless to thp.m.ariner. ,.'; He.niuiit be guided by;!the «pilot, audiif, he.shpuld »poideiitoHy .'¡be-; without >one¿ be- must 'pay attention to tb« channel, pointed out ¡n the .eifert.-: ?? ?'?'?.?!'' '": """ ./v. :-,;!?: ..':'..;:'.:.'';,i'Jv;WELSH.;' u Launceston, May.27, IÇ'iO.".;., . ,- ..;.....' i. ¡We inserted some few weeks back a tru|e ghost story. /Tt^come, to tis'-'amdngst many other coinmunica lionsj and,.:ns the PubJic^reaVfare,- ipassedv our.ordèaï,- and \vás'|')liblishedjii öur.P;nper.i,..:}Ye.liaye -since heard,' that the person alludetl to lfas token (be thing more. to heart than, we cai) assure bim, we'dver'ëxpected'hé" would have, tloiie,. or it should not have been published. '^It w'a*sJonly á playful 'anec- dote; and, to caufessithe tr'uthi;'it-was we'that happened to' witness the scene. Sh'vo 5o'ursèlves,: biit'fè'w kno'tv anything aliout it, jiiul even if they did, certainly there, is' no harm in being frightened. We make these remarks iii order'thal no préjudice should exist between the Jiiglily'tespeciable person ' of whom we are speaking' and 4 ? most-intimate friend of his, ' who, be is convinced, gave us''the Information;; arid ive fully hope in our next ràmble'tliatHvà^ to.' 'së'ë'tlie gehtleiimn again : on his roaàtoali'atifrie'nd's honseváí'New-town. .'?'"' j ; From the high .' encomiums we have heard .passed on T. HORNE, !Esq'., we*cannot 'help ,congratulating* ' are Colonists in having so valuable an acquisition "to .the Bar, as a Barrister of his' acknowledge abilities.'.'./Mr Horne, we' are given to understand, is" nearly related' to ,the celebrated King's Counsel' of the same name. His chambers, now in preparation, are contiguous to those of Mr Cartwright : from the proved integrity and ability of the latter gentleman, added to his local knowledge, a junction between them, similar to that of Mr Solicitor-General STEPHEN und Mr PÏTCAÏRN' is to be hopped for, and-we doubt not' would'-'prove' beneficial to their interest as : well as ,advantageous to the community. It appears from an advertisement in some of the Sydney papers, that Mr. D. COOPER, of the firm of COOPER & LEVEY, is not entirely satisfied with some of the leading characters at the Swan River Settlement, for he gives notice that he has no concern or connexion with the firm of PEEL & Co., otherwise than having acted as their Agent; and that he will make no advances, either of goods, or cash on ac- count of the firm of PEEL & Co., unless by the written order of Mr. SOLOMON LEVEY, and then only in the event of having funds in hand of Mr. LEVEY'S, not invested in or belonging to the Firm of COOPER & LEVEY. On Monday, the 31st of May, a woman in apparent good health, dropped down dead suddenly at the house of Mr. Thomas Brown in Brisbane Street. She had just received the newspaper from the hands of the carrier, was holding it al the fire to 'dry, being wet from the press, when she fell down and instantly expired. The Coroner's In- quest sat on Friday, and returned a verdict of "Died by the visitation of God." Mrs Sweeney was murdered in the same house in December last.--Launceston Advertiser We are informed, that the Steam í.n¿>iné'ijate-j lyîuiporled by Mr. WAIÍKER, fonthe purpose of a:floúr'¡mill , on dit Jettj-, has sustained considerable>. damage:durin'g the voyage. Surveys have, been beld up*on it, and:it is^itínc'b td be feared that it willevcntually besold byauclioii. 'Sljould such be the case, the loss and inconvenience sustained!by' MrJ Walker will be very considerable, as a mabhine of' this' kind' ?cannot be procured in the Colony. ;Thus; a1: perio'd of- tw'elye! or eighteen inoiiths will be lost,, and the valualjle^erection for! »lie .-agine, daring the whole.of that ti^c,. wi|l! bç çf JÏÙl'eJ .value tj the proprielor. . ? . ¿ -1;i í, ¡ I 1" order to avoid the clejaj ärftf hiaoh^e|ii}e:hcef «JpêTlfincèd in taking goods out of Bpud," the'Co'iimtrôlÎêr of feloms has .caused aVoljce í.p,be pláce'd' iti'Uicïijfivie, stating, rt.liat, for the.futùié", person's .desirous ¡'o/ taking'sjjirits'pr lo 'hat'cti out.of bondi will bo pleased 'to make put a form, ^iiiid: .-get the Warehouse Keeper to sign it, llie day previous to that1 ' .on which the goods are required.; this fbiiii is" to' belp'dged| Jviih Mr. MANNING, at the Custom House,' spithat tÜeorderj My be ready for the.Warehouse ICèep'er.'on'tlie Syeànësdaysj aiid Saturdays, as hei'eídfofe. . ,' ,"'' ' "'';..%'.''.¡y':?'.'?. T'^ ' i K We ate happy to find that'thisi Colonial Trea-1 surer is about tàking.possessioni of his;hevv ánd'cóii'iinodipusJ offices.^' Such wè''co'nsidûr:t'b' be thfe'ca'se^"'as'('vie noliped/tlieÍ strong collers being\reinovëd. The Whale Tishery' goes oil,.p'rosperptfsly;,| .We-have not heard the exact number offish yet cauglit by «11 the. parties engaged in this lucrative speculation,, but j Messrs.. MAWLE'S parly alone haU on ¡Saturday last thirleen; lisb, ':'" - ? . """'? " ' ; v Thevc»lf of the whale killed1 "in Clarence; Baylms drifted ásbdré! near the bathing; pltièë'in'the ? Govern- ; went Paddock, where ;it has been an object of.considerable iiiterest'tû the'euriotts. - ; ? '-'-'??'? _ > Our Readers ;willJperc'eive,: by an --Advertise; »enfin au'othérparl of our Pajier, that the' causés'intended for trial in, Hie Court of Requests on tlie:I7tb Instant; will not'bé tried until Tuesday the-lSlh Proxiiíio.' -.--' y' , ' ' , We, are now rather arixïotïsly lobldng for another arrival from the Swan River, when we shall no doubt ho enabled to, lay before our Readers, an authentic statement PÜde progress of tho Settlers there. MARRIED—On Thursday; the 3rd June; by the Rev. Dr. BROWN, at Rockford, St. Paul's Plains, the Residence of Major GRAY—HENRY JENNINGS, Esq., of Hobart Town, to Miss ALICIA LEGGE, Sister of ROBERT VINCENT LEGGE, Esq., of Cullenswood, Break o' Day. DIED—On Saturday at the Military Bar- racks, after a lingering.illness, Captain HUGHES, of His Ma- jesty's 63d Regiment. On Tuesday, the remains of the gal- lant.'officer'.we'reConveyed io the gràVe; with military honors, iPticbdedby, the'wi/ólé'óf 'the troops' ih;giirri'!i'oh~,.and the pall ' *ul>porfed,.by;.sliis'jbrpthèr,. bïlicers. ,jjvery,1 respect \yas paid by the Civil Authorities upon this. solemn ¡occasion,- and [the following;heads^af departments'attended as.mourners:-TheÍ Colonial Ti'easdrër;atlïè ,Cöllebto»Jof'CuStOüisj the Chairman P[ thg BeiiçK oCMagili'trateii,. - the'J*fiiicip»l ' Superintendent of ! i 