STHE'QOEFICIAL - ITOR S ANGER SON TjiE TER NION.OF TIE LIBEL CASBE. Toras Enwron or r's Srrrr ia-' ] iwon. Ineaible Castle, 6th du, I1830. Iperceive in thismorning's Gazette, that the. RIv. Court Editor has been. no longer ,able to restrain -a violent expressidn.of his ;displeasure against you, forliainugthought -fit to prosecute him 'for three 'several li bels on your :chargcter. I now purpose to analyse the- Editor's wrath,' by quoting his leading article of this morning, para . ph-pby`paragraph. . After a preliminary sentience or tWvo, the Editor fauls to work thus.. _ ".The vre fact; that out: prosecutor w'ns and is .bhe Editor ofa contemporary journal, and tO at.thei matter charged as libellous, consists of eri.icisrns 'upon his public writings., without the slightest per sonality of allasio,.-this one naked fact will of itself stamp his law-suits with their proper impress.. Wi. thout.precedent, without example, they stand in their full propottions--the far-teen monuments of his liberality and consistency !. Behold the edifying speotacle - An editor of a pewapaer--not for, per sonal defamation-not forintrusions into the pri vate circle-lo6t for the subs'titution of slanders upon therns, for aniniindversions'upon the writer ; \--qq--this would have, been fair gro?ud of ..acco \- tirn--this would have justified an appeal to le gal redress-this would have justly txposed us to .the public ?ieorn,.as an arrant aimploti and an odious libeller; but the prqductrio pifr whih we have been h riasied with tthreetieyeral law-ailts, niid one :of which the Jury kicked out ,'ithout lea Sing the box,-)vithOdut even permitting the Judge o suns mup--ar"'. COM-MENT. "UON TH - PRLESS I For gomments ON THES r?IEs. 4a tmnaber of M?r Preis, has dateto -drag us into a Court of Justice ; for comments`t n THE PRitEs a Jury has gifve damss, and damages, in one easer to the ponde rous.pmRasutP -FIFTy PouNos I .Well may we exclaini, as:the counsel for the plaintiff exclaimed wheree the' eclamstion was un-calhd for, Ohe / i ,;believe ,that it tS very uncommon in` ,oudori, ,ifit ever occurred.at all, that one Editbr should prosecute knother.' " But this is owing to the absence ofall personal feeling and paity spitrit in IoZtdon, as te t ?ee'n Editbr -atd" itor. Since Christ Smas last, 1 admit, 'that the Rtv. Editor of the2 ='dney GI~aetle. has laid aside that party spirit and invective, w.lhcl heused .to inp?ulge in; and I :prophecyAI shall-have no more occasion to complain -qfthe Edi ri tor's language, however much I may dis It esteem, his principles. But although it " might never have occurred thattan Editor . in London prosecuted atibther Editor, it c ought to be no arbitrary ctijerion for your • conduct Mr. Editor, New South Wales is il a•. very different place to London.i Our he circumstances in New South 1Vales are l; quite different. ' look upon Mr. Maant r,|' fidld t6- be -the imere proxy and mouth ?e piece df the .General. and Mr. M'Leay. 01 These two personages have favoured yore m, with prbsecutions by the half-dozen ; and all wheueter the mnouth-piece goes beyond of its lit s and stabs your character, or in. Sjure'Ikur property, I candidly advige your .d- not to.consider him as Mr. Manfiseld, but it- as the . representative of -ke Goverainenti as arnd that you always seek foy~·at- rep,?a,, is tion iii uCou of Justide hie thi*Jov. o erA qnt-1 us ao fteas .a,,i7..,-b rp tngutsh ycoia'ploseciitionsr from tbiose.(i-f I the Governmezt, shouli be this; -youquught nr iever (uriles the casei be. ofe cry singd r lamr nature iideed; and will iot .admiit ,g of a civil prbsecution) to .pr0secute any Of one for tellihg the truth (f yoti, by he laying arn itnfor tions again4 t hinmi. le a- shduld'aWavys ve thqliq.opportinity allow a' edJahis,. nat. meioly of proving that the '? wods-eharged upon him are nbt libellous, ýj but b ?should also iihvays be ~lowed that Gh privilege. which has been so. vigorously h' denied to you by the Genieral, htamely, the Pa opporttilty of juptifying his slander and t4 of proving the truth. of his allegations. e TheEditor inseipates, that he:never de = I famed you personally, and he admits, that if heliad, it * votild have'be'n fair ground of accusation" on your part.- - - c]i ,Now one of. the Editor's threc alleged . libels against you was, the havitg brought -t hrhtfgie agains-t Capt. WVright gf the 39th RE.t; for the murder of Patrick Clynch at No0r'%lk, Island, from .malignaiat motlves. Thre'h jury.however decided, thhtjn so accu sing.you, he piblished no libel, Be it so. Your great end is better anriswered by -sucho .decision; than if'they had agreed with. me in thinking it by far the most se vere. libel of. the three . in which Mr. Msnsfiold has been defendant. For if it • be .not libellous to accuse a man of bring in- a solemn charge of murder, against a ftllow subject, jom a maligaant motive, 'tlhy'then I may I hope be allowed'to sug get;'that the Governor's selected 'tpry of seveh' nilitary'of'frers, imifitoolk t)e law "when they pronouinced you gizilt of a libclI 6i Afichdeacon Scott. ..On rdettrring tpo ii i triJdalfor a libel.on that gentlerpn, on , a: n exeofio information, as detailbd inay?r .:Jiiurna0f the ithl October& 1828,- I pe? ceive, that th'e publication complained ofi by Mr Scott, consisted of your having al leigid-?ist. "That the Newspaper Stnmp i "Act ;-r0wnied Mr. Scott's .unpopularity.l ?i-l. I'hit that act.made him to.be regarded | as ti g~¢rater enemy to the liberties of. the Colony ithan Mr. Mc'Arthur hims$!f.: 3id. | That while. to Mr. Mc'Arthur vwe a8,tded talent; periseeranice, uil"'consittchcy, its alLof thbse rM. Sott was donsidered defi ci~nt. :lth.~ l hnt it was the opinion pf the Y ,Rev. R.' flT; that Mr. Scott had descended ifrbft~t.lihighiptatiop, to take upon him the ifl&c; .f Chunrclhwarden or director of tjie pew'd-peidrs, bon purpose.to do thlt which, oU opplrehended, Mr. Iill :would by no i iiiedns huye coxsented to do hiimsdlf. 5th. j 'hnt as thile Archdeaconi had turned a sort o of.Chlurcahwarden; he woild presently (you Ih supposed) turnchiefgretve-digger and mn-,a hager of the churdh-yard; and that soire !' parishioner or other who was obnoious to i_ him, might expect to receive a letter from his Registrar, to vacate his fnamily vault; It pimilar to thi letter-which had been writteih 1 I to you by tile liegistrar to vacate your pew. p Though what Mf,:Scott's Court had to do c with :graves and ,pews, you could not di- C t vie. 6th, That all thesethings, generallyI went tb she*,,that the Arohdeaconloat not 1 a manh of p'ace,'and that until he inter fered with your pew, you did not expectI to have been able to addl so strong a? spe-. cimen of litigation, in matters which it was beneath him to interfere with [t all." t These, Sir, were the remonstrating ob r servations in which you indulged your wounded feelings. when constablqs were seen every Sunday in the Church 6f Saint James, thrusting you and . your daughters from your pew, regularly hired and paid for by you for a long time previously. The Jury of seven military officers, paid and se lected'by the Government, pronouinced the above words taken altogether, to be a libel, and you were compelled to enter into a re 9 cognizance of X5O ; which recognizance you are now called upon to pay. The official journal' called your prosecution of f an officer.for murder, a "malignant pro- - secution." A jury of jhe Country has pro-1 nounced it to be noibtel. The same Judge tried both cases, and .. summed up. at length in both cases. " It is my intention, in a future paper, to criticise the disparity between the two sunimings-up, unless you take up the subject yourself. This, Sir, is a true represestation of that, prosecution o for libel brought, by' you, which the Rev. ° Editor says, " the Jury kicked out, without leaving the box." " But to this tact, Which tells in our fav6ur like ' a peal of tiinder, (i) wie have to.add another-that I' the prosecutor's pen has for the last fifteetn months outrageously attacked our private .charac ter--has abused us in almost every number of his J ' journal or r?SEs--profaned the eenctityofour pro " 'feasional hoaractbr as a Cits.sTIAN Mflst?sae,- a heapihg upon iis the inosc'opprobious" epithets. and.holding us up to the universal execration and" I ct ntampt at mankind, and of that part.of the com nmunity especially, whom it is our duty to instruct from the piulpit and to lead by exatmploe " t j aidinit, Sir, you have joked amazingly t orinMr. Mansfield descending from the pul S'1 pit td the editorial study; and thatsuch fall ng. off on his part from.the high profession of au 'ainbassador of Heaven, coupled with f the turgid style of his eulogies of the It enemies of the Press, and of every thing d dear to a free Englishiman, has caused you 'e to' use sarcasm :of the severest kind in exposing a dereliction of what yo seemn to c- have considered, the' Editoi's clerical it duty who, I /suppose, ere he- took upon ir himself the sacred office of a preacher of it righteousness, swore ex- animo, that he had ir a divine call so to do, and that he was is "moved thereto by the Holy Ghost." For r my part, I am decidedly of this opinion; a and I am-further of opinion it will conti \-- nue to hbe- your bounden duty -to religion . itself ' to lash with the utmost severity y. (short of libel) Mr?? Mansfield's present rtt politics, seeing. they are so, different to i4 what ehbuld drop from the pen of -a man, t4 called of God to. pnoclaim, salvation to a | lost world, and moved by the Holy spirit lu to call -sinners to repentance-to heal the it back-slider-to comfort the brokeis-keart Se&-adl to keep' himself unspotted from ..the woild. irn fact, Sirsyou cannot be too i: g. "vere. tpi " ra , wwho?. ,has partially .bidsiliu d lte s aCeri dutile to 'iovel" A- iii thet pltry polities of ttii Colony, : I ? n i.i paltry as Sompare d',vitia the lato it Divine eallC ng of the Editor. i- .--" iUa?ad?is. portraitures of-our character been it received as true-rand by Bome men they'doubtless lhave-Wo should have been scorned.and hated as s' one of the rankest hypocrites thiut ever polluted iy the threshold of the sanctuary, or insulted the De Daity with his diobolical simulations; goqd men v- would have shrunk froum the pestilene of our 1e touch,' and bad mnen have loaded us with their blackest maledictions.--dnd et1, this. very .man a, comes forward to prosecute us for comntenting.orr it his public writings l" ly As I cannot perceive the last sentence .in this paragraph has tny logical con nexion with the first; I shall pids on to the next paragraph. " Never yet have we meddled with his person, It or uttered one syllable againit any thing belonging id to him, save'and except the prlnti'4 productions of his pen : and yet ho has complained-threatened -prosecuted--got a ve. dict-and a verdict too for i FIFTy POUNDS !~" -i Vhcn any man is acessed of having Sfrom malignant motives commencedh * prosecution against another for murder, his PeasoN IS "meddled with." Your prosecution of Captain Wright was an act of your " person"-not a "printed produc d tion'ofyourpen." "' Contrast his couduct with our own.. W halve Spermitted himn to' fling at us the mire of his ribal it 'dry, without once asking. that redress which the. laws of our eountr yould have so libesally given. !'No actiona-no crsminal inionnrmtions--frqm us. a Arnurd in the tempeted steel of our own.ntegrilty, |we'looked witth ineffrable contempt upon his 'iillipu tian rage; we permitted him to do his worst, well knowingu, that his heaviest blows would. ring back 'iunnoiowas from our obhield.and bucker, und recoil Supon 'his own head. We could hot descend from ! thehbigh eminance on which we felt our character Sstood, to the grovelling revenge of prosecuting a brother-Flditor, however vndeservie of our in ! dlulgnce. )his wailkoown tQee:is¶trir of his r paper, that had vs bea vindictively lne.di, there" 'shs searcely issuiea one aumbt from hs press, l during the laist twelve or elghteeu'miotilths, yllch would not have ehable4'us to institute proceeedrigs for libel upon our privsteio or professioinal character. But we had too high a respect for the o ess.to re dhce it to the pitiful'dilemma'of being iroaecdtted by its own members. Wo could not io~it, nor atgem the man who could. Now, let the public lok at this 'cinnrast, and.ay in whose favour it Since Christmas last, I admit that Mr. , Mlansljeld has'conducted hostilitits towards t you'with the greatest mildness; whili: you, p on the other hand, have: made no abate- p meit of your severity to him. .But I hope , you will not. alter in this respect. For c your hostility, Sir, proceeds not I trust, ! from feelingq of,retaliation, but from ab. utract prinrciple; not from personal .dislike a of thle pM~aN, but from a conscientious ab- y htorrence of the, fientjmects which hlie ft ,avrows from day to day, and. which so la- ti inuentably exemplify what is passing in his jI inner man. - ' si And from what I know of your charac- tI •er, you will never I trust (so loag'as Mr. b Mansficld presumes to unite the two op- v posite characters of a. partisan tory politi- ci cian, with that of'an ambassador of Jesus re Christ, moved by a divine call to preach w Stlhe gospel) cease _'o satirize Mfr.. Mans t fitd's:onduet.: " \- Tl&e;'Editor-says, " he is armed in the t tempered steel of his own integrity, \- and that he has looked with ineffable con t tempt upon your Lilliputian rage." This is fine language no doubt, but it does not exhibit altogether the spirit of a christian niinister. The passage is still worse where the.Rev. Gentleman boasts of " not des cendingfrom the high eminence on which he stood, to.the grovelling revenge of pro secuting a brother editor." The editor of the official -journail is I am sure no brother editor of yours. You and he, from what I see of your respective principles, can have nothing in common. The writings of the Reverend Gentleman seem to me to be a deplorable illustration of the parabolic figure of his Divine Master, who empha tically said to his disciples "if tne light, that is in you be darkness, how great is that darkness !" And if the Reverend Editor. were indeed placed by Divine Pro t vidence on " the dignified eminence" in question, did it become him to .leave it ? Do we ever read too of the first preachers of christianity vaunting of their character or attainmenfa ? If you, Sir, be filled with S"grovelling revcone" and "petty rage" Sas the Rev. Gentleman alleges, he is not the inan that should say so ? I differ with the editor altogether in his idea, that you libel him in almost every number of your journal.. I never saw any attack by you a upon the IRev. Gentleman, save in his pub lic character of Goverhment paid Editor, i and dissenting minister, united. His Mlinis try is as much a part of his public charac ter as is ,Eritor.ship, being united with it ; a the on a marks and stamps with its charac c- ter each the other, with perfect reciprocity. t And if you, Sir, as his political antagonis, were ever to forget his clerical character as Y well as his political, you would do yourself, as such' antagonist, an unnecessary and an imbecile injury. No; let hin vacate one n of his characters-(either of them will do) lI and then if you were to continue your at C tacks on his clerical functions, it would be Sunmanly arid unjust. But so long as he u has the . hardihood to unite .what the n spirit of christianity has essentially sepa 0 rated, he is not only legitimately vulnera il ble to your attacks, but it is your bounden n duiy to hold up his political principles to the public contempt, by all the, powers of argument and figures of speech, by shew ing, that in thus being advocated by a mi r nister of the religion of Christ, they assume ; a sacred importance, the mask of which \- it is your duty to cast aside. Y I beg .to remind the public, that ere you it instituted an action against Mr. Mansfield, . your Attorney was directed to complain to t Mr. M. of the offensive words, and to re a quest of him a contradiction. "''he Editor it (ad both he and you are aware) rifused. to C contradict the charge; thus leaving the t. poison ofhis accusation to rankle wherever n the arrow might hit its mark. o "Here there is another pretty feature in the.bu ly iness. The prosecutor is not only himself a li writer, but " public writer of that class el the Limakrt.or Tile Plass jspIut to be I peculiarly p'eco?s--iiibo' ~r "e'erlastingly pra to .tanffatainst lef'al restrictions uponlit--and who, to be consistenE, ought to submit to nlmost any men sure of personal annoyance, rather than check the :n freedom of its course. But this individual has as sinned against himself and his own class. He has is thrice raiged his hand. against that very engine by ed which he himself subsists, and which he wAs bound lie by every consideration of political and literary P1 duty, as well as of self-interest, to protect. But it he has wounded it with a cruelty scarcely paralleI ir led in the annals of Editorial cutting and stabbing. in Of those who have punnIhed hits for libel, he has ar bitterly enough complained, as of the enemies of free discussion, and the rutblces quenchers of the "e glory of the press; Cat now he turns round, and does infinitely worse--he proSecute a noraorP.R '" EplTon, and for honestly cammenting upon his cl public wcoitbgi. Hero is consistency!--here is patriotism !-here is ingenuous reverence for the rights of the press !" You, Sir, have, to my knowledge, often of in your journal, and when pleading before d the Supreme Court, admitted the expedi r ency Of the English law of libel to preserve the dignity and purity of a free press. I Shave heard you say, that the principles of t the English law in this respect were found r, ed on right "reason ; and that all you Ir reqtlired, whenever you were yourself t brought to account for ydur writings at the bar of your country, was, that you should be allowed ,(according to .the new light e which already beams in the horizon \- of English? jurisprudtnce) . to put in • evidence, when criminally ,prosecu ' ted, the- truth, of 3our allegations; in Sorder that the whole of the case and fucts \- night go the. Jury; and that you might I also be tried by a Jury o?f your peers; not by a J6ry seleeted by the Government that prosecuted yo4. TimheReverend Gentlemen, therefore, quite mis-states your opinions on the freedom of the press, when he allegens, that every-thing published of a pub clk"wrlter id toi 16 borne Iy aini without ,iropebution; mni'e~Ily.because the libelled person'I S a public writer, I have heard you address our judges several times, in terls, .which evincedthait you held quite the 'contrary doctrine. 'And I h!ope, whe ther you continue to be a public writer or not, you will allow no man to accuse you with impunity, either of propagating dis affection (you being as loyal a subject as any in the Colony) or of exciting others to attack the King's Representative, or of prosecuting a fellow cricature for murder, froui feelings of malignrity. If, Sir, you t were once to consent to -allow any man, clergyman1 -'or layman,, to do this, you would then indeed merit that contempt, a which the disapplointed, defeated,andcrest- I fidlen Editor affects to pour upon you. 1 You, Sir, have had a right to complain ; for you have never yet in all your persecu- tions been tried by your peers, which the I Rev. ldilor has been, through yourgenero- hli sity. You have never been allowed to put h the trutli of your allegations in evidence; al; but this has been done towards the Go- th vernmcnt Editor, by yourbringing forward bh civil prosecutionis against him. Your j1- a ros, Sir, were paid by your prosecutor, and th were also selected by him,. The Jurors of pr the Government-hired-journalist, on the! other hand, were not chosen by you, but they were selected indifferently from among the merchants and landholders of Sydney. And though you may still think you have a right to complain of the small damages those juries have awarded yep, their verdicts have been ms moderate 'nd so judicious, as to extend their char ej for discretion far and wide; thereby caps ing the calumniators of ournew civil juris to-hide their heads for shame ! S I am, Sir, &c.; &c.; ARGUS. 