ST'. pAS1lc1''S 'DAY. t oit' foty.five' Gentlemen of. the first rank, sat down to dinner on the anniversary of this festival. Sheriff Ma cquoid, Presidetit; and-Commissioner JTherry, ' ice.Presidqnt - The dinner was good,.the wines good, the company good, the conversation pleasant, the music delightful, and the, toasts exquisite. When lo ! All this delight and harmony suddenly beeame discord and cohfusion; As on a fine summer's day, when the sun is res plendent, the sky of empyrean blue, the grass a silken green; the flowers.fragrant, and the birds tuneful, a dark and scowliing tempest suddenly obpcures, the..orb. of light, darkens the sky, shades the' v'eirdure of. the grass, and washes away the scent of thie flowers ; while the,.birds flit to -their: hiding< places, and dread. peals of .thuander, with torrents, of rain, *render. the joysius scene, a scene of terfor ; s, 'it was' on' the present occasion. A hoary leider ofl high toryism rose amid the hildrity' of the banquet. At his presence men's countenances fell The glance of his eye: shot mistrust.umongst the guests, and converted their laughter into 'heaviness, and the flashes of- their wit into ponderous fore bodings. The distuirber of the festivity beg an a fearful oration with .some common-place thanks. The Legislative Council had been drunk, and he rose (hie said) to make acknowv. ledgn ents. But suddenly his visage scowled, and: lis eyes flalhied with rage. The 'Press glaled across his brain and maddened his ima girmtion. Before his nfemory danced W:r-. Sdeli's ghosts of the Merino purchases sold by the Committee TO the Committee. Accord. ingly,l he began to denounce the Sydney Press in language atonce vulgar and incoherent. I'e condescended to make use "of epithets to express his abhorrence of it. How long he might have continued his vitiuperations, Hea. ven knows, but groans and hhses at length assailed his ear, and he was fain to sit down and let-the storm subside. The Vice-Presi delt rose aittid the suhtidingl murmurs, and like a gbod angel sent by St. Patrick himself, calmed the cojiflicting elements We regret we'caiinot give a transcript of Mr. Therry's sptech: Suffice it:to say, that inspired by his nationial Saint, lmhose halo we are told hovered resplendent around his head, he vindicated the freedom of the press with the fire of ChutUinm, the infugery of Burke, the force of Fox, and he deep manly logic of Pitt. Ilia eloquence surpassed any which' the public have as yet heard from 1Mr. 'l:lerry as a forensic Orator. IH-rebutted the general deprecations- of the hoary hater of civil freedom ; expressed at once-his iudigdation and astonishment that a iletleman of his.yeara and .olonial experi. ence should -have thus intruded his singular politics and individual feeliogs on an assembly met 'solely for ,onvivial purposes, a'nd was. pursuing a shining and brilliant career of ar gunment and remlonstrance, when the cheers and clajipings of the deglighted auditors' over. powered his voice anuldreminded him of re. turnming concord. Accordingly'le sat down, -..-sat~isfied with tlh chastisement he had • bestowe'eas-the ill-timed and impertinent ha rangue of the previous speaker. Inspired either with a ray of Irish patriot isn, or the pleasures of Champagne, the Edi. tor of " the Official" thern rose, and feeling, that David as lie was, the Golialh who had just mortally wounded the great Philistine of mo dern Gath was at hand to support him in e.xtremity, lie with much point and .with no rhmk of couragc also attiacked the hoary leader of:Atstralia'hs" falling faction, denounced the sentiments lie had just delivered, vindicated the *profession of editorship in general, and the in. dependence of "the Ollicial" in particular. But .prudence at length recurred to his well.disci plined min?, and he began to reflect whether. it :would notbe better ere he sat down, to chailnt a few verses to the venerable'visitant's praise, 'Sheep and wool instantly occurred to the spcaker's memory 's ih appy subjects of eulogium. But whether the company had dealt' too much in these articles themselves, and .recoll'ected the difference between the purchase price'of.£3 per hoof'and the present price of ten smiUliulgs, we. know not; but no sooner were the words " sheen, wool, merino rains, &e.;" pronounced by the oracle af the Gazette. than the company renewed their hisses and presently theii" grodns, till abashed and con ounded, 'the calculating Editor sat down, content with his previously acquired laurels. T'he company after this. rallied ; bnt the temper of the meeting was not the mellow heat of.a summer's. day, but the melancholy tearful brightness of a damp evening after a storm. The rain.drops glistened still on .the trees, 'and the atmosphere felt chilly-the sumi set brightly, but there were seen.clouds tinged with blackness, which damped the ardour of the guests, andl drove them to thinking rather than merrimept. \Ve however congratulate the country, on the general and deep feeling-of dislike, the hoary politician's denunciations of, the Press crcatedl among men of all ranks, all parties,' and all professions. T'lre feelings of tlhe de. .aotees of' Saint -aitrick \iere oiln thris point ONE, antidid them the highest honour. The anecdte is' rflot Wyithout its consolation to.us 'iln our prison.house. It convinces 'us that there are yet a few in tlhis 'disttiht land, whio lIve not (in their hearts at least) bowed the knee td ouir political Baid. There .is one .elrcumstance connected with this aflfair, which we consider to6 marvellous to be omiitted. About a month ago, the HIion. Orator foisook his privacy at the cottage, antid' disply;ed hin.self at full length In the streets of Sydney, lunchhir;g with one dealer, crackiog jokes wita a second, drimiking bottled porter with ~athird, and purchasing £500's worth of clothing for his servants and ot~her use sit thie shnil? of a fourth. Besides all which, the Ioni. Veteran descanted at ca h shop in g?wing terms on thie Press.restriction Bill, then passipg the Council, decliring he woehl give it his decided opposi tion. To one shop.keeper it is seid, he spok c as follow.s t-" lr. Mercer, do you see "these arms?"' (laying both hands on tie counnter) " I will sooner, hauve both of them " cut .of, than cou'ntehiance this Billl ''h " Qovertimient never complained'of its own SJournal' Jhe S@imney Gazeltte, when it was "c caluniating me anid nmy'Trhendrstai'tlihvilesal "*' mantier; but notvtheyare touched t~hmalves,, " thiJy cry put' loud eniughi.' jut \'imat Is i too for Jac, 1* good for Jill, and "i will give no countenance to-thiu new Bill," Thds spake the hoary veterin. "The pe6ple however doubted when he uttered the' gracious words. When the Bill passed unanimously, they.doubted a little more. But when they come to hear the speech of the veteran at a jovial dinner, where it was quite uncalled for an'd miserably out of place, they ceased to doubt, and instantly gave credence to a certain report, which has, circulated now for a long time. 