HOUSE OF LORDS. SATURDAY June 26. - -At a quarter to 12 the Lord Chancellor, who had been attend- ing a Cabinet Council, entered the House. Strangers were then excluded. Prayers having been offered up by the Junior Bishop in attendance, the oaths of allegance to King William the Fourth, were, administered to the Lord Chancellor, and to the judges of the Courts. The peers who were in the House likewise took the oaths of allegiance. Their lordships, then adjourned to three. The Lord Chancellor, it was understood, immediately proceeded to a Privy Council, at which the proclamation for his Majesty William the Fourth will be agreed upon. The Earl of Shaflesbury will be sworn in Deputy Speaker of Hie House of Lords at will, and those peers who present themselves will have the oaths of allegiance adminis- tered. HOUSE OF COMMONS. SATURDAY.-The members began to as semble at twelve, and after the Speaker had taken the oaths of allegiance, &c.; the same oaths were administered to the members who were in the House. (From the Atlas, June 27) THE SUCCESSOR TO THE THRONE. The Crown has devolved to his Royal High- ness William Henry Duke of Clarence and St. Andrew's and Earl of Munster, Lord High Admiral of the Fleet, General of Ma- rines Rainier of Bushy Park, and Master of the Trinity House, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter and of the Thistle, First and Principal Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic , Order, Knight of the two Prussian Orders of the Black and Red Eagle, of the French Order of the Sainst Esprit (Holy Ghost), and of the Russian order of St. Anne, Doctor of Common Law by honorary degree, and Fel- low of the Royal Society, and of the Society of Arts. The early life of his Royal High- ness was spent in England and in Germany. He served as midshipman under the personal care of Admiral Digby, and was present in more than one action, particularly under Admiral Rodney. By that gallant officer he was appointed to the distinguished office of receiving and conducting the Spanish Admi- ral aboard his own vessel, after she had struck to the British flag. The Royal youth with the modesty of private life and the dig- nity of his princely station, announced his readiness, to attend the noble captive. The Spanish Admiral, astonished at his situation, is said to have lifted his eyes in wonder, and to have exclaimed, ' How can England fail to rule the waves when the sons of her King are thus employed ?' His Royal Highness was a great favourite with the fleet, and con ducted himself on all occasions with the pro- verbial courage of his family and the regula- rity and subordination of a good officer. The character of a British sailor was fully sustained by his Royal Highness ; he was in- ferior to no 'middy' in boyish daring ; no officer was cooler in action, or more alert on shore. The adventures of this part of his, life were as numerous as they were varied, but they were sailor adventures, and exactly in keeping with the wild scenes in which a blue jacket with a regulation button are sure to involve an ardent youth. His royal highness was often embarrassed in his cir- cumstances. His royal father assisted him out of the privy purse, and the late King be- came security for his debts to a large amount. The political sentiments of his pre- sent Majesty have always been of the most liberal nature; when he has spoken in his place as a Peer of Parliament, spirited energy and the public cause have distingushed his language. He has often been embroiled with the ministry, but it is generally suppos- ed that the present advisers of the crown are perfectly in the confidence of their new So- vereign. His removal or withdrawal from the situation of Lord High Admiral, caused some political rumours of dissention between the illustrious Prince and the Duke of Wel lington, but time has shewn the groundless ness of such assumptions. Private life is a delicate subject, and we shall not draw away the curtain from the sanctity of domestic happiness. An attachment founded on disinterested, and conducted on honourable principles, continued for some years, towards a most deserving woman. A large family live to attest the harmony of that union. How it was broken off we will not at present inquire. Her Majesty the Queen, was united to the King in the year 1818. The offspring of that union survived but a few months: the nation's hopes on that held are now again excited, but we will not in- dulge in speculations. The royal stock bath left his royal fruit Which mellowed by the stealing hand of time may be gathered to the glory and prosperity of the kingdom. In the mean time, while every subject mourns the ' dimming of our shining star, it is wise and prudent, as well as loyal and dutiful, to look forward to a hap- py and prosperous reign for his successor. However ill-timed it may appear, it cannot be uninteresting to the great majority of the nation that a royal funeral must be followed by a coronation, that a Queen will partake in the honours of that ceremonial. The stimulus to trade which must be given by the contemplation of such an event, and the cer- tainty of its speedy arrival, is of inmense importance, and it is well to mingle with our deep regrets for an event all England de- plores, that hope for the future which is not inconsistent with respectful sorrow. War Office, June, 18.-57th font, Lieut. »> Sir Will. Inglis, K.C. B, to be Colonel, f.Ve Gen. Sir Hew Dalrymple, deceased. "LONDON. June 26-There has been no vessel in the Thames from Van Diemen's land since the Ionia, 10th March, and we are looking for the Prince Regent, already arrived at Rio; there has been therefore nothing doing lately in produce ; at a sale 11th May, 103 bales wool sold from 7d. to 1s. 7½d. per lb., but perhaps no positive quotations can be given till after the sales advertised for the 1, 2. and 9 July, when about 800 bales will be offered. Skins, black oil, and cedar wood are in fair de- mand, at my quotations, sperm oil; proba- bly will be dearer. Whalebone hitherto so good an article has lately fallen considerably and the decline has been sudden, owing to the holders, of Greenland bone, which is of superior quality, sending their stock into the market. Before the arrival of the Ionia some southern bone brought L150 per ton, that sold out of the Ionia brought L120 to L130 per ton, and bone to arrive now, I don't think would fetch more than L115. I confess I am much disappointed in this article, the last I sold of inferior quality to that per Ionia at L155 per ton. This is a bad article to hold on hand since it loses so much in weight ; hence the obvious importance of shipping it as clean & dry as possible. Your whale fisheries which I be lieve are pushed with enterprise by certain capitalists, must still pay them well at the present prices for whalebone and oil, and if an abundant catching, your colony will have a profitable remittance to England for the large quantities of goods she has sent out to you. To the annexed quotations I have added the list of ships advertised for Van Dienien's land and New South Wales. J. BURNHAM HALL, 93, Tower-st. Wool 3½d. to 1s. 2d per lb. Cedar plank 4d. to 5d. per foot Barilla L6 per ton, duty paid ; Canary ditto L7 per ton in bond. There is no sale for this article, and no im- provement expected. Hides weighing 60 lbs. ea. 4d. to A4½d. lb. 40 to 50 lbs. 3 ½d. to 4d. Fur seal skins 24s. to 30s. each Middling and small ditto ditto Large pups 16s. to 20s. Middling 14s. to 15s, Small 12s. to 13s. Black pups 1s. 6d. to 2s. Kangaroo skins, duty paid 4d. to 1s. Ox and cow horns, 40s. per 123 Mimosa bark, L10 to L 13 per ton Extract ditto, L18 to L20 per ditto Whale oil, brown, L28 per Intpl. ton. pale, L.32 ditto Sperm oil, L74 ditto Whalebone, L 115 per ton. Ditto Greenland L170 ditto Appointed to sail for New South Wales. Convict Ships June 20 Hercules, Wm. Vaughan 17 South worth, John Combs July 2 Kains, W. L. Goodwin Rouil Admiral Alex. Wilson ' Persian, Robert Plunkett Burrell, John Metcalf (For Van Dienien's land ) June 15 Dryad, Robert Heard 5 Resource, S. Smith 10 Eliza, Adam Dixon for Van Diemen's land. June 17 Royal George, R. Embleton, convict ship June 20 Craigievar, William Ray, for Van Diemen's land and New South Wales June 5 Janet Izat, John Poe 20 Mary, William Beachcroft Resource, H. Shuttleworth. (For Swan River, Hobart-town and Sydney). June 20 Eliza, James Weddell 31 Francis Freeling, Jas. Gundry. From Scotland and Ireland accounts of trade are discouraging. The stuff weavers at Leeds have in some measures got over the strike : but the turn- out continues at Roch- dale. Complaints are made of the evil influ- enceof the truck system. Certain of the small manufacturers in Yorkshire pay wages in flour, oatmeal, tea, sugar, soap, &c.; at from 20 to 50 per cent, above the market price, and of inferior quality. The carpet manufacturers are very brisk, the low price of wool having enabled the makers to bring them forward so cheap as greatly to increase the consumption. The demand for blankets at Witney is said to be uncommonly great, and the woollen trade is ia much activity At Monmouth fair fine long combing-wool brought 13s. per stone, being an advance of 2s. A large quantity was brought to mar- ket and little left unsold; an advance of 1s. 6d. per stone is pretty general. There has never occurred before an in- stance of five brothers, of great talent for financial affairs, of immense personal wealth, and devoting all that talents during a long, series of years, almost exclusively to its fur- ther accumulation. These brothers are- Anselm de Rothschild, of Frankfort ; Solo- mon de Rothschild, of Vienna:- Charles de Rothschild, of Naples ; James de Roths- child, of Paris ; and Nathan Meyer de Rothschild, of London. But they have also establishments, conducted by near relations, or under their complete coutroul, in Peters burg, Berlin, Amsterdam, and all the great commercial cities of Europe. The Ironmongers' Company are now in possession of 104,000l, and 3,000l, per an- num, accumulated in their hands from an cient donations, intended to be applied for the redemption of Christian slaves on the Barbary coast. It is stated that they can- not find objects for the bounty! (Would it be any improper stretch of this charity to devote it to the care and civilisation of our Van-Diemen's land blacks?) The Hon Douglas Kinnaird, at his death, after leaving 2000l. and an annuity of 300l. a year to Miss Somerville, and some other legacies, bequeaths the remainder of his for tune, amounting to about 60,000l. to his ne- phew and sole executor, the present Lord Kinnaird. Prince Frederick of Prussia has arrived from the Continent, on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland. It is said that Mr. Audrey, the barrister, succeeds Sir William Seymour, at Bom bay. Letters from Palermo speak of a violent eruption of Mount Etna. There are seven openings on the declivity of this mountain, and several villages have been destroyed. A shower of ashes, carried by the hurricane which at that time prevailed all over the Mediterranean, and in which some of our vessels perished, has extended as far as Rome. Dr. Paris has sold his History of the Life and Times of Sir Humphiy Davy, for 1000 guineas. Ikey Solomons has arrived in England from New South. Wales, in charge of the chief constable of Hobart town. -Morning Paper.-Atlas, June 13. We cannot see how this could be, for the Prince Regent had not then arrived, on board of which he was sent home. Paul Louis Courrier.- After a lapse of 5 years, the murderer of this individual, who acquired so much celebrity by his writings, has been discovered, and has confessed his crime. His name is Fremont ; he was the gamekeeper of the unfortunate deceased. The assassination appears to have taken place from feelings of revenge; it had no thing to do with politics. The most remarkable indication of the state of parties in France is the active and undisguised interference of the government with the freedom of election. A circular has been transmitted to the heads of depart ments, requiring that all officers desirous of exercising their electoral privilege should be at once granted furloughs, that they may give their votes in support of ministers. At last the punishment of death for for gery has been removed from our statute books, except in cases of wills. Mr. Brougham'sbill for establishing local jurisdictions to render the administration of justice in certain cases cheap and expeditious, was to be tried, in the first instance, in two parts of the kingdom remote from each other, viz. in Kent, and the counties of Durham and Northumberland. Died at Windsor on the 17th June, Earl Harcourt, aged 88. He was Field Marshal, Colonel of the 16th dragoons, Governor of Portsmouth, &c.; The title is extinct in him. The Medical Gazette mentions some in- teresting cases of the cure of locked jaw by the application of Galvanism, an affection which until this discovery has hitherto prov- ed so often fatal to the patients. The London papers of June are, we regret to say, very much occupied with lamentable cases of hydrophobia, and the number of dogs going about mad in the streets. The police, howerer, was very active in rapidly removing them. Cupping is now become the most approved method of treatment, when it can be applied immediately after the bite, as by that means removing the atmos pheric pressure, the venom is not to readily absorbed until surgical aid be used. Three thousand pigeons are kept by stock jobbers at Amsterdam to convey the accounts of the variations in Stocks between that place and Paris. They are dispatched three times a day, and arrive next morning. They are transported in baskets to Paris by ser- vants, who travel continually to and fro, to keep the number complete. The total of the territorial debts in India are stated at 47,504,558l. The annual commercial charges defrayed by the compa- ny at Bengal, Madras, Prince of Wales Island, and Canton, in the years above men- tioned, are stated at 279,692l, 314,073l., 311,461l, and 303,727l. The prime cost of the cargoes purchased in India, exclusive of China, was -in 1825 26, 1,646,590l. ; in 1826-27.1,822,924l ; in 1827-48. 2,218, 770l. These accounts, from the omission of China in the accounts of cargoes, and the withholding of several other commercial ar- cana, cannot afford the means of determining with accuracy the rate of profit in the East India trade. But it is sufficiently ob- vious that the company, as a company, gain but little by their 'territorial dominion, or rather are evident losers, since they have in- curred a debt of forty-seven millions in con- sequence of it. Now it is well- known that joint-stock companies are the least economi- cal of all managers of commerce. It seems therefore, that their profits must be enormous to cover at once territorial de- ficiencies, and deficiencies owing to their mode of commercial management. The sleeves of ladies' gown, according to the present fashion, are even more ridiculous- ly wide than they were some time ago. A gentleman, on a visit the other day, had the curiosity to measure the length and width of a lady's sleeve which was on a dress ma- ker's table. The length was 36 inches, the width 35 inches. The usual girth of a lady's arm is about ten inches. The late Earl of Harcourt at his death possessed sinecures to the amount of L25,000l a year. Sir Waiter Scott and Mr. Heath expect to realise L80.000 by the present edition of the Waverley novels and the illustrations. , Mr. Jervis is to receive a pension of L1,100, and Messrs. Raine and Casperd L1000 per annum each, as compensation for their removal from the chief justiceships of their respective districts in Wales. The Princess Marianne is to tbe married at the Hague about the end of August. The Emperor of Russia and King of Prus sia are expected to be present. 