From ihe Family Library, No. X. Lives of the Artists. The life of Blake is a curious detail of the career of a most extraordinary being, who, if Mr. Cunningham, aud, above all, his own widow, did not assure us he was perfectly sane, we should set down to be very mad indeed. Now, for instance, what will the reader say to this.— ' He closed the book, and taking out a small panel from a private drawer, said, 'this is the last which I shall show you ; but it is the greatest curiosity of all. Only look at the splendour of Ihe colouring, and the original character of the thing !' ' I see,' said 1, 'a naked figure with a strong body and a short neck— with burning eyes which long for moisture, and a face worthy of a murderer, holding a bloody cup in its clawed hands, out of which it seems eager to drink. I never saw any shape so strange, nor did I ever see any colouring so curiously splendid— a kind of glistening green and dusky gold, beautifully varnished. But what in the world is it ?' * It is a ghost, 'Sir.,— the ghost of a flea— a spiritual- ization of the thing !' ' He saw this in a vision, then,' I said, I'll tell you all about it, Sir.' I called on him one evening, and found Blake more than usually excited. He told me he had seen a wonderful thing—the ghost of a flea ! And did you make a drawing of hirm ?' I enquired. ' No, indeed,' said he, 'I wish I had, but I shall, if he appears again !' He looked earnestly in to a corner of room, and then said, * here he is— reach me my things— I shall keep my eye on him. There he comes ! his eager tongue whisking out of his mouth, a cup in his hand to hold blood, and covered with a scaly skin of gold and green ; —as he described him so he drew him. These stories are scarcely credible, yet there can be no doubt of their accuracy. Another friend, on whose veracity I have the fullest dependence called one evening on Blake, and foundd him setting with a pencil and a panel, drawing a portrait with all the seeming anxiety of a man who Is conscious that hehas got a fastidious sitter ; he looked and drew, and looked, yet no living soul was visible. 'Disturb me not,' said he, in a whisper, * I have one, sitting to me. 'Sitting to you !' exclaimed his astonished visitor, 'where is he, and what Is he?— I see no one,' 'But I see him, Sir,' answered BLAKE, haughtily, there he is, his name is Lot— you may read of him in the Scripture, He is sitting for his portrait. 