Literary Varieties« It has not been amoiigi the leas^remarkable '?..of the effects of the present friendly'intercourse bejtweéñ Great Britain'1 and the Continent, that form'gn manners, as well as foreign dresses and foreign dishes, to which, formerly, our imitation was chiefly confined,' have latterly/made very .considerable iiiro'ads upon the,good old-fashion- ed straightforwardness -for which, Englishmen .are generally distinguished. It may be the .eifecl of piejudice," probably of education; but for our parL-.Mhe light frivolity of the well-bred ¡L-'retichman, agreeable as it is to some, is little linne torour taste, when compared with honest growling John Bull, than would beone of %is kiçk-shaw fricassees after a hard'day's ramble .'iiY ¿he bush.' There "is a vacuity in them-an ', absence of a substantial, something, which soon -weaiies. /Even their amusements partake of the same nature, more frequently resembling^ vviuil might be expected from children than men and women who had attained years of discretion, and which we should indeed regret to .see, Usurp the place at, home of the more «lanly recreations which we have been accus- tomed to regard as partaking of our national character.-We remember, a lew years ago, to lid ve been present at a party where (here were several foreigners of distinction, and the con- versation turning upon the manner in which paries of young persons ..often amused them- selves abroad, contrasted with what was in fashion with oui selves, one of the gentlemen present related a very extraordinary story, and .something like which we seem' to remember to have either heard or seen elsewhere1; but, as we doubt'not it will be new to our Readers, and as it affnrds an awful lesson to those who .are foolish enough to take a delight in frighten- ing others, we give it much as we heaid it told, having made notes of it at the moment; although little expecting (hat it would ever be our des- tiny to publish it in Van Dieuien's Land : - " Being on a visit to .some Iricnds near Mende, in the Depuiliiietit of Lozcre, towards (he eiid of autumn, the)' 'introduced me lo a very amiable and well-informed family, ' \\\hosts residence was in the country, al a place called Zum. Our amusements hete weie, playing at billiards, talking to .the ladies, mid mystify ing each other. This hist amusement was sometimes carried a little loo far, bul it nus consideied a want of heroism to evince any ill humour, however severe 'tlie ordeal might be. You were expected either to take the thing in good part, or submit to be looked upon as a dolt. All soits of tricks and conti ¡vanees were thus played oil'. Sometimes, in gettiug into bed, it gave way beneath you, or" .your slumbers weie distmhed by some sheeted ghost sliding 'into your apartment, and at other times the ladies were pre-, senied with sweetmeats or comlits, the effects ol' which may be m'oie easily imagined than told. As for me, I was not only lieh in inventions of this nature, but shewed myself pos- tered of the musí inexhaustible patience under the tricks; played oil'on me, until at length I became the victim of'onei which inspired mc nilli the must, ardent thirst for vengeance., We often directed our walks to»aids a tarin which was about ball a league distant.. The way to it was crossed by a wide ditch, oyer which was thrown a strong plank that served for abridge; I generally passed ovei this narrow budge fust, *to encourage the ladies, and engage them to lollow nie. One fine day, I took the lead of the compauy, as usual, when, on -reaeh.ug the middlelof the plank, ii suddenly gave way, and fell with mc into the ditch ; there was not, it is tmu, a cliop of natei, but what was considerably worse-a great depth of black fetid mud. Although embalmed in this up to the ears, I put ou'a good countenance, and joined in the generul laugh that accompanied my fall ; but this was not of long duration, for all the cóinpnny ngieed thal the trick was far too severe. Some'of' ¡he neighbouring peasantry was sent for, who drew me out of thejnire in tlif most deploiable stale-my summer «uit, enibromered quite a là mode, silk, stookiugs and ali, being' .oon.pie'lfcly' spoiled. 1 pretended to make light of all this, laughing at the adventure ; bul in my own îniud, I was de tei in,ned to lake sanguinary vengeance, if necessary, of so uu .worthy ft jest, in order to discover the author, however, it was uecessasy lo affect the most complete indifference. On being taken back to ,tbe house, I was kindly acconlmodated with linen and clothes, havibg brought uo supply with me, as 1 h.ul come to remain only four and twenty hours. The next morning I went'to' town but returned in the eveuia^, and joined the company as if nothing had happened. Fabrius," With wi om I was stayiag, and who viewed the tbiug as I did, told mo it noujd be impossible to discover the author ol the tríele .'but I thought ùiil'ereiitly, and that the bribe of a ducal to'u'p'e.is'ani gill who lived near the spot, upon condition that hbe,.lo'Jiul out for me who sawed the plank, would enable me tu_succeed. It did so, und'she pointed out to me'a young M.ui, whose tongue 1 untied with another'ducat, accompanied by'meimces. t Ile confessed- to rae that he the' orders'of a air. Demetrius, a Greek merchant, a man be- tween forty-five and fifty years of age, of an agreeable arid jovial disposition^ on whom the only mystification I ever pïaylpd off, was in rivalling him in the good graces of Madame de K-'¡¡femme de chambre, to whom he had taken a Irkini'.' Iii tbe'wiiole course ol' my life, I never fatigued my brain so much ns on this occasion, in endeavouring to invent some trick with which to pay oil'this accursed Greek. I was desirous that at the least, it should be as extraordinary and disagreeable as the one he had sei ved me. The more I thoui.lii ui the subject, the less likely 1 seemed to attain my wtshc?, till a passing funeral suggested an idea, that I lost no time in executing. Towards midnight, I repaired alone to -the Church-yard, aimed with a cutlass, when I disinterred the newly buried body,' and with some difficulty cut off the aim at the shoulder joint; after replacing the body in the grave, Ï returned with the dead man's arm, and reached my room nnpercèived by'any one. The «ext night I quitted the company after supper, and taking with me the dead ann, stole into 'the Greek's room, and concealed myself under the bed. A quarter of au boor alternaros, he entered his room, un- dressed birnie!!', put oui the light, and went to bed. When 1 supposed he was asleep, I gently drew the quilt half olf. Be aWoke', and said, l.iughiug, 'Getaway with you, whoever you are, foi I do not believe in «hosts.' He then drew'up the quilt, and turned again to sleep. After five or six minutes, I ré-eónniienced my operation'., when he again laughed ; but when'he endeavoured to draw up the quilt, I held it fast, and he immediately stretched forth his bund to seize that of the person whom lie supposed to be under the bed. Insteud of letting'bim'catch mine, I put the dead man's hand into his, taking care'to keep a 'strong hold ol' the aim. The Greek iwidt a most violent efibit to draw towaids bim by the bund i which he had seized the person to whom it belonged, when suddenly I let go my hold, and the Greek spoke not a wold, nor utluied the least cry. Hating played oil' my trick, J repiiired'to'my room, and went to bed, thinking I«bad given . him ä good fright, b d nothing more. ",'fhe next morning, however, I was awakened very early bya^coufus'ed noise of pet sons moving backwards and forwards through the, house. I got up to learn the cause, and on meet- ing the lady of the hnufe, she said to me, ' You have pushed things .loo far.' ' Why, what's the matter ? ' ' Air. Demet- rius js d<"ad ! ' 'Well, ^what haye I to do with his death ? ' She j turned upon me (,without making any answer, and I, though not a little alarmed, went to the Greek's room, fully determined to affect the most entire ignorance of the adventure. . All'I lie* inmates of the house were already assembled there ; and moreover, I found the Cure engaged in a violent alterca- tion with tlie.beadle, who po'sitively'relnsed.to'bnry the arm, \- which'«till lay ¡o^ie' room.' KVèry person'lóoked upon and tumid from-ae. with horror, ana it wis'in'vain thdrl pro * -.ink/Si- ¡i..e>Vl n ..Ki/'ih;>.', "c , '"'' > ' - - ,.- 4i cn siuxf,M. » < >>» tested I was a total stranger to tbe affair. From nil sides they cried out, * It was you ' it was you ' it resembles you in every particular.' The Cure gr"avelyv told me J> had com* nutted a very heinous crime, and that it was (his duty to in- form the authorities of it I told bim ha might do as he pleased, for as I had nothing to reproach myself with, I bad no cause to be alrnd. At dinner I learnt that the Greek, after being blooded, had opened his eyes, but was unable to speak, and that all his limbs were paralysed , the next day he lecovered his speech, but continued paralytio, and his mind wis m a very enfeebled state, and I afterwards heard thal he was never, likely to recover during the remainder of his lite the Cuté caused the arm to be re- buried, and all the diitails of the affair were trmsmitted by him to the Epis- copal Chancellory of Avignon " The Earl of Bridgewatei's family anec- dotes, a book which abounds with curious matter relating to the gi eat people of the au- thor's day* has, among, others, the following very characteristic instances of certain proper- ties of'the mind, which we doubt not will be interpreted differently by different people. What some may call rash folly, others will extol as noble independence,—and what this man will consider the nice distinction of an acute mind, that with peihaps more justice will attri- bute to a very different cause at times. " One -morning," says the Earl, " when the Duke of Bridgewater and I were at Ashbridge together, and standing it one ot the windows after oreiktast, a hack-chaise drove into the park across the lawn in front of the house " "What is tint?' said the Duke " A post chaise your Gnce," replied one of the servants, "which Lord Dartmouth has sent for Plinkey, to take lum to the King's kitchen " " Bid Plitikej," upjied the Duke, " stay where he is; J ress my dinnei, and not go to the King ," and in fact he sent the car inge awiv empty At that time the Earl of Dartmouth was blaster of the Household the Duke wiote bim the following letter " Mt Lord, I like my cook-I will keep lum No cndea\om would have been made to take him from me it- ' We tried to prevent lum Lrom sending the letter, but he re , lied, ' I will, Lord Dartmouth may interpret the ' if as he pienses ' ^ hen the Eail of Bradford wis brought before the Chan- cellor to be examined upon application fur a slitute of lunacy agmist lum the ( hmcellor sud to lum, ' My Lord, how imn\ legs has a sheep?" " Docs your Lordship mean," r plied Lord Biadlord, " a live or a dead sheep? ' " Is ft not the saino thing?' said the Chancelloi " No, my Lord," re- plied the Euri " theie is i wide dillerence-a live sheep has four legs, but a de id bue only two, as two are called shouUleis-there aie but two legs of mutton " We are happy loi the honor ot otu Chuich, fliat such characters as the following ate now unknown, indeed, we can scarcely fancy that au\ of her children could have been thus lax, so late as the d*te of these memoirs». ' A tat pufTy bijr wigged little chap e,ot into his desk to read prayers lo a small couçre"atioii ou Friday morning, whare I , wis present-the clerk was ready in his desk below him Hie punted book out of which the little chap hud to read prater^ was dog eared, torn and missing-he hunted through it some time/and at length called, thinking that the first page, do"-iared dud torn as it was hid diopped, and must belying elsewheie * John' John1 list what is become of Al- mighty and Most Mctciful 1 allier ? 1 can t find lum " The following decides a very pretty point, the length'of au old woman's conscience. 1 Au old worn in," says the Earl, " who was weeding in the girden, accosted him one morning, and said, ' My Lend, there is a gieat deal of led tape in Ibe gaiden house-may I take some of it '' ' "1 es, good woman, certainly, take e ou"h in conscience ' 1 be head girdener, who alterwards I: a occasion for some tape, finding but little left, measured the reinitiudei, and found the old woman had taken thirty feet and a half" in Keppel's overland journey from India to England, is a curious account of a Moravian establishment, very different to any thing we îemembei to have read elsewhere, and which ¡struck us as sufficiently remarkable to induce us to transcube it. It will be a long time we take if before we hear of any thing of the same sort in Van Diemen's Land. '^Mien itSarepti, I went to visit a Moravian establish mem, neal the town Opposite the inu formerly stood a house containing ei lily bachelors, : id neai it one containing eighty spinsters The house of the former was burnt down, but the latter escaped, mid th feuilles now divide their dweltnij, with the men whilst the other is being rebuilt W hen a bachcloi is tued ol a hie of celibacj, be goes next dom, and chooses one fiom among the spinsters, and makes bei his wife 1 he pair become members of tue general com muuity, and keep house by themselves Hie vacancies aie always filled lrom thi children of those who bad once been nullités of these mansions ot smgle blessedness. Every thing I siw was in the highest order , the sidters as they are called, wear little ei ps, and au uuiform dress not altogether unlike the English Quaker. The children were being taught reading and willing, the young women were at domestic employ- ment, and the maids at knitting or needle work Every per sim «vas busy in one way or another, according to the peculiar habits or talents ut the individual. Hie biothers were equally well employed, as among them weie shoemakers, tailors, wealers, printers, bookbinders, and other trades, all engaged for the establishment They have a fine museum of natural curiosities, chiefly collected by the industry of the inmates of these two bouses 1 saw also a large collection of antiqui- ties found io the neighbourhood, sufficient to warrant the idea that an ancient city must have existed near that spot. A short time since Lord and Lady W were sojourning at rioreuce. A young and spirited Eng lishman of fashion, Mr II S-, lost one night to her Ladyship £500, at ecarlC. Mr. S very properly paid the money, but mentioned the circumstance to a gentleman, who suggested the possibility that there might have been some thing-unlail in the mater, bul which, however, Mr S would not penna bunsell to believe It was,, nevertheless, re- ported lo Lily W , shortly alter Mr S 's departure for Eng- land, s if said by himself Lady \N , in consequence, and very naturally, felt hurt, but was soothed by her Lord's kind promise to shoot Mr S through the bead on the Iii st possible convenient oppoitumty , and this piesented itself a few week's afienvitds, when (all the pirties having reached Pans) I Lord YN met Mr S IU the Rue de la Paix A meeting was immediately proposed and irraii"cd, and took place the next day in the Bois de BnIoniie His Lordship attended by Colonel C , and Mr S by Captain W , on the half pay of one of your Dragoon Regiments The parties having taken their giuuud, the woid " lue" was given rapidly, and for- tunately neither shot look eflect The seconds then very pro- perly interfered The real ficts of the case were disclosed, and the pirties of course shook hands ' Now," said Mr S , " that the all ai i his teinunated, let me confess that I lu ed purposelv wide, and suliei me to show you what I can du. Place this li it oil that bramble, give me the oth»r pis- tol, and the word as quickly as you please." All this was done, and slip went the ball through the hat, to the satisfac- tion no doubt, of all parties-Patts Letter. lu an able article on the Court of Chancery, in the Monthly Mugíame tor September, we find the following just remark -" Tor great estatus and great foi tunes there is no secunty so good, and no trustee so safe as the Court of Chmi ery , hut to little ones it is lum " A new building, to be Called " The Pitt Li- brary ," is about to be erected at Cambridge, out of the sur- plus of the fund subscribed tor a statue to that distinguished ornament of the University. The principle which governs many men was very naively stated by an honest Scotch Jaoobite, Lord Bal merino, at whose trial was present} among others} Gray, the ?S » ' ! l .,1 j»i «) .»t* x ! t poet, who, in a letter to Wharton, 13th August, 1746/relates the following conversation as having been overheard by him : L-» TheiDakb of 'Argyle', wTss belling him bow sorry and how astonished:he .was to see bim engaged in'such a cause. * My Lord-,' saysihe, ' for the two Kings and their rights I oared not which prevailed; bot I was starving; and, by G-, if -Mahomet bad set up bis standard in' the Highlands, I,had been a good Mussulman for bread, and stuck close 'to the party, for I niHst eat.'"-It would be difficult to give a clearer conception of the principles of a good many people in the world than his Lordship has here given in.a few words. A VISIT TO THE TOMB OF BURNS.-I vi- sited the tomb'of Burns in the yard of the old churoh here on the 27th July. I was disappointed with its appearance. It is heavy and inelegant', and unworthy of the poet. ' His re- mains were removed to their present position 'from another corner of the Church-yard. The only inscription on the mo- nument is the name of Burns. This is simple and expres- sive, and in better taste than the rest of this poor memorial. The figure of the Poet is considered by some to be a fair re- semblance, but by others is to be found great fault with. Sir Walter Scott, who has visited the tomb more than once, is said to have remarked that the face was more like his own than Burns's ; and it certainly reminds us of some of the en- graved portraits of the living bard. A book is kept at the tomb for a list of the visitors. I hear thal few persons of rank, talent, or celebrity, have ever passed thro' Dumfries without payinn a tribute of Respect to the tomb of Burns, and j calling upon his amiable widow. She is now at Edinburgh, i or I should have had the pleasure of seeing her. She min j gles here in the best society, and is much respeoted for her t kindness ef heart, and simple and unpietending manners. Her house (in which the Poet died) is neat and comfortable, and the street in wbich she resides was named after her cele- brated husband the day that the foundation stone of his mo» nument was laid.-Edinburgh Paper. EDUCATION IN AMERICA^-It is the uni- versal attention paid to education, and in the number or aca- demical foundations, the Americans exhibit a public spirit with which we are proud to claim kindred. The great body of the people aie, as regards the rudiments of knowledge, far in advance of the English. .All can read and write , and to give his children an education, is the first concern of every parent. The oldest College in the United States, is Harvard College, at Cambridge, in Massachussets, founded in 1638, only eighteen years after the first settlement at Plymouth.— Yale College was founded in 1700. Besides these, there are, in the Union, about fifty Colleges authorised to confer de grees. The number of benevolent And religious institutions in America supported by voluntary contributions, is almost in- calculable. Their Bible Societies, Missionary Societies, Pi ison discipline Societies, Penitentiaries, Asylums, &c;, are the noble results and evidences of a public spirit, an en- lightened plulanthiopy, and a religious zeal, which ceitainly can find a paiallel only in the parent country.--Eclectic Iïbview. ARCHÆOLOGY.-M. Bignon, a French sur- geon, w ho visited the Grecian Archipelago last year, states that M. Bérst, the French Consul- of Milo, in the researches which he made in that island, discovered a marble slab, serv- ing as the case -to a tomb, on which was the following inscrip- tion :-" Here are deposited the remains of Menesthens, king of Arhens, who died at Milo, on his return from the siege of Troy." 