LESSON IN BIOGRAPHY. An Extract from the Life of Dr. Pozz, in 10 vols, folio, written by James Bozz, Esq. who flourished with him near fifty years. [This pleasant satire (from the pen, it is said, of Mr. Beres- ford, author of the "Miseries of Human Life," ap- peared shortly after the publication of Boswell's Life of Johnson. Deeply as we admire the 'great doctor' and the philosophic Boswell (for Boswell was nothing short of a philosopher), we can enjoy a hit at the magnificent truisms of the one, and the petty adulations of the other (and we hope the readers of the Gazette can do the same) without estimating less highly the best, by far, and most delightful biographical work in the English language.]-- EDITOR. We dined at the chop house: Dr. Pozz was this day very instructive. Talking of books, I mentioned The History of Tommy Trip, and said it was a great work. Pozz 'Yes, sir, it is great relatively; it was a great work to you when you was a little boy; but, now. sir, you are a great man, and Tommy Trip is a little man.' Feeling somewhat hurt at this comparison, I be- lieve he perceived it, for as he was squeezing a le- mon, he said, 'Never be affronted at a comparison; I have been compared to many things, yet I never was affronted at a comparison. No, Sir, if they were to call me a dog, and you a cannister tied to my tail, I should not be affronted.' Çheered by this kind mention of me, though in such company, I asked him what he thought of a friend of our's who was always making comparisons. Pozz. 'Sir, that fellow has a simile for every thing. I knew him when he kept shop,--he then made money, and now he makes comparisons; he would say, for instance, that you and I were two figs stuck together, two figs in adhesion, and then he would laugh.' To this vivid exertion of intellect, I observed in reply, 'Certain great writers have determined that comparisons are odious.' Pozz, 'No, Sir, not odious in themselves, not odious as comparisons; the fel- lows who make them are odious, the whigs make comparisons.' We supped that evening at his house, when I took an opportunity of showing him a copy of verses I had made on a pajr of breeches. Pozz, 'Sir, the lines are good; but where could you find such a subject in Scotland?' Bozz. 'The greater the proof of invention, which is a characteristic of poetry.' Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, but is an invention which few of your countrymen can enjoy.' I reflected afterwards on the depth of this remark. It affords a proof of that profundity which he displayed in every branch of literature. Having accidentally asked him if he approved of green spectacles, he made answer: 'As to green spectacles, Sir, the question seems to be this,--If I wore green spectacles, it would be because they assisted vision, or because I had liked them; but if a man were to tell me he did not like green spectacles, and that they hurt his eyes, I would not compel him to wear them. No, Sir, I would rather dissuade him from making use of them.' A few months after, I consulted him again on this subject, and he honoured me with a letter, in which he confirmed his former opinion; it may be found in its proper place, Vol. VI., page 2789. And having since that time maturely considered the point my- self, I must needs confess, that in all such matters a man ought to be a free moral agent. The next day I left town for six weeks, three days, and seven hours, as I find by a memorandum in my journal. During this time I received only one letter from him, which is follows:-- 'To James Bozz, Esq. 'DEAR SIR, 'My bowels have been very bad; pray buy for me some Turkey Rhubarb, and bring with you a copy of your tour. 'Write me soon, and write me often. 'I am, dear Sir, 'Your's affectionately, 'SAM. BOZZ.' It would have been unpardonable to have omitted a letter, in which we see so much of his great and illuminated mind. On my return to town, we met again, at the chop- house, and had a long, as well as a highly interest- ing conversation; indeed, there is not one hour of my life in which I do not profit by some part of his valuable communications. On medical subjects his knowledge was immense. He told me that one of our friends had just been at- tacked by a most alarming complaint. He had en- tirely lost the use of his limbs--he was speechless-- his eyes swollen, and every vein distended; yet his face was pale, and his extremities cold, at the same time his pulse beat one hundred and sixty strokes in a minute. I said, with tenderness, that I would immediately go and see him, and take Doctor Bolus with me. Pozz. 'No, Sir, don't go.' I was startled at so unexpected a reply, well knowing his compassionate heart, and earnestly demanded of him the reason why I should not procure for the afflicted person instant relief. Pozz. 'Sir, you do not know his disorder.' Bozz. 'Pray, what it?' Pozz. 'Sir, the man is dead drunk.' This explanation threw me into a violent fit of laughter, in which he joined me, rolling about, as he used to do, when he enjoyed a joke; but he after- wards checked me, by tho following words; 'Sir, you ought not to laugh at what I said, for he who laughs at what another man says, will soon laugh at that other man. Sir, you ought to laugh but sel- dom; you should laugh only at your own jokes.' Talking of a fríend of ours, who was a very violent politician, I said, 'I did not like his company.' Pozz. 'No, Sir, he is not healthy he is sore, Sir, his mind is ulcerated,--he has a political whitlow; you cannot touch him, Sir, without giving him pain. I would never venture to speak on political subjects with that man; I would talk of cabbage and of pease; Sir, I would ask him how he got his corn in, but I would not meddle with politics.' Bozz. 'But perhaps, Sir, he would talk of nothing else.' Pozz. 'Then it is plain what he would do.' On my ear- nestly intreating him to tell me what that was, Dr. Pozz replied, 'Sir, he would let every thing else alone.' I mentioned a tradesman who had lately set up a coach. Pozz. 'He is right, Sir; a man who would go on swimmingly cannot be too soon off his legs. You tell me he keeps a coach; now, Sir, a coach is better than a chaise; Sir, it is better than a chariot.' Bozz. 'Why, Sir?' Pozz. 'Sir, it will hold more.' I begged he would repeat this valu- able observation, in order to impress it on my me- mory, and he complied with great good humour. Taking a hint from the subject of our present conversation, I said, 'Dr. Pozz, you ought to keep a coach.' Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, I ought.' Bozz. 'But you do not, and this has often surprised me.' Pozz. 'Surprised you! There, Sir, is another prejudice of absurdity. Sir, you ought to be surprised at no- thing; a man who has lived half so long as you, ought to be above surprise; it is a rule with me, Sir, never to be surprised.' 'This is an error,' continued Doctor Pozz, 'pro- duced by ignorance; you cannot guess why I do not keep a coach, and you are surprised; now, Sir, if you did know, you would not be surprised.' I said, ten- derly, 'I hope, my dear Sir, you will let me know before I leave town.' Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, you shall know now; the reason why I do not keep a coach is, because I can't afford it.' We talked of drinking; I asked him whether, in the course of his long and valuable life, he had not known some men who drank more than they could bear. Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, and then nobody could bear them; a man who is drunk, Sir, is a very fool- ish fellow.' Bozz. 'But, Sir, as the poet says, he is devoid of all care.' Pozz. 'That is true, Sir, he cares for nobody; he has none of the cares of life; he cannot be a merchant, Sir, for he is unable to write his name; he cannot be a politician, Sir, for he is almost speechless; he cannot be an artist, Sir, for he is nearly blind; and yet, Sir, there is a science in drinking.' Bozz. 'I suppose you mean that a man ought to know what he drinks.' Pozz. 'No, Sir, to know what one drinks is nothing, but the science consists of three parts; in knowing when we have had too little, when we have had enough, and when we have had too much. For instance, there is our friend ****, he can always tell when he has too little, and when he has too much, but never knows when he has enough.' We talked this day on a variety of subjects, but I find few memorandums in my journal; on small beer, he said it was a flatulent liquor. He disap- proved of those who deny the utility of absolute power, and seemed to be offended with a friend of ours who would always have his eggs poached. Sign-posts, he observed, had very much degene- rated within his memory, and he found great fault with the moral of the Beggar's Opera. I endeavoured to defend a play which had af- forded me so much pleasure, but could not muster that strength of mind with which he argued; and it was with great satisfaction, that he afterwards com- municated to me a method of curing corns by the application of a piece of oiled silk. In the early history of the world, he preferred Sir Isaac New- ton's chronology; but as they gave employment to so many hands, he did not dislike the large shoe buckles then in the fashion. Next day we dined at the Mitre; I mentioned spirits. Pozz. 'Sir, there is as much evidence for the existence of spirits, as against it; you may not believe it, but you cannot deny it.' I told him that my great grandmother once saw a spirit; he desired me to relate the circumstances, which I did very minutely, while he listened with profound attention. When I mentioned that the spirit had once ap- peared in the shape of a shoulder of mutton, and another time in that of a tea-pot, he interrupted me. Pozz. 'There, Sir, is the point; the evidence is good, but the scheme is defective in consistency; we cannot deny that the spirits appeared in these shapes, but then we cannot reconcile them; for what has a tea-pot to do with a shoulder of mutton?' 'The objects, Sir, are neither terrific nor con- temporaneous; they are never seen at the same time, nor in the same place.' Bozz. 'I think, Sir, that ghosts are most often seen by old women.' Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, and their conversation is generally full of the subject; I would prefer old women to record such circumstances, their loquacity tends to mi- nuteness. A few days after this interesting and enlightened conversation, we talked of a person who had a very bad character. Pozz. 'Sir, he is a scoundrel.' Bozz. 'I hate a scoundrel.' Pozz. 'There you are wrong; I would not have you hate scoundrels; scoundrels, Sir, are useful; there are many things we cannot do without scoundrels. I should not choose to keep company with scoundrels; neither would I introduce them to, my wife and children; but something may be got from them.' Bozz,. 'Are not scoundrels for the most part fools?' Pozz. 'No, Sir, they are not. A scoundrel must be a clever fellow; he must know many things of which a fool is ignorant. Any man may be a fool; but to be a complete rascal, requires considerable abilities. I think a good book might be written on the subject of Scoundrels: a Biographia Flagitiosa, or the lives of eminent scoundrels, from the earliest accounts to the present time. Hanging was mentioned in the course of the con- versation, and I observed, that it was a very awk- ward situation. Pozz. 'No, Sir, hanging is not an awkward situation; it is proper, Sir, that a man whose actions tend to flagitious obliquity, should himself be perpendicular at last.' I told Dr. Pozz, that I had lately been in com- pany with a number of gentlemen, all of whom could recollect some friend or other who had been hanged. Pozz. 'Yes, Sir, we know those who have been hanged,--that is a circumstance we can easily recollect, and may safely mention without fear of offence; but we must not name those who deserve it,--such a proceeding would not be de- corous in good company; it is one of those things we may think, but must not speak of.' 