SYDNEY GAZETTE and NEW SOUTH WALES ADVERTISER. TUESDAY, MAY l8, 1830. It affords us sincere pleasure to state, tbat the laborious attempts which were made last year to injure the Gover- nor's character, by means of written and printed communications to the Secre- tary of State, have, as we boldly pre- dicted, entirely failed to produce the intended effect. This will be seen by the following despatch just received from Sir George Murray, which we copy from the journal to which it alludes :- (COPY. No. 161.) Downing-street, 6th November, 1829. Sir, " You will have the goodness, as early as may be convenient to you after the receipt of this Despatch, to acquaint Mr. E. S. Hall, the Editor, Printer, Pub- .lisher, and Proprietor of the Newspa- er called the " Sydney Monitor," that I have received from him three letters, dated respectively the 17th and 29th November 1828, and the 2d January, 1039,' relating to the refusal of certain Land which ho had solicited from the local Government ; another letter dated the 16th March 1829, relating to the withdrawal of a convict servant ; and three other letters dated respectively the 2d of May and 6th and 8th of June 1829, relating to the general conduct of the Colonial Government in New South Wales. " In answer to tho first set of lettora, relating to tho refusal of the Land, you will acquaint Mr. Hall that I see no reason to question the propriety of your decision in refusing tho gifts of the Co- lonial Government to a person convicted before- tho Supreme Court of a libel which was expressly declared hy the judgment of that Court to have been " indecent, scandalous, and emanating *' from personal motives ;" more especial- ly 8inco I observe that his paper has continued, not less after his conviction than before it, to bo the channel of the most unmeasured and unjustifiable at- tacks on the characters, both private and public, of numerous and respectable persons. Even had it been otherwise, I should have been "very unwilling to in- terfere in a mattor of this kind. If the Governor of any of His Majesty's Co- lonies should invade any right of any in- dividual, however humble, it would bo the duty of tho Secretary of State, upon' being satisfied of the facts, to do the earliest possible justice to the Appli- cant. But with respect to territorial gifts, except in the instance of the one grant which each settler emigrates to take, on the faith of the published Re- gulations, and to which so far he has an equitable claim, I can admit no de- mand of Right whatever. The distribu- tion of theso Lands is a matter of pure indulgence ; and tho question, how far in any particular case the applicant may have forfeited all reasonable claim to such indulgence, is incapable of being tried by broad principles like those of le- gal and constitutional Right, and can be measured only by such considerations as those of general character and conduct. On theso points the Governor must have much better means of forming an opinion of each individual than can be possessed by the Secretary of State at this distance from Australia; and therefore, unless in some extreme case, such as I will not suppose likely to occur, the discretion of the Governor must determine the con- cession or refusal of all Lands in his Co- lony, except those original Grants which constitute the Emigrant's consideration for his voyage to New South Wales. .' With regard to Mr. Hall's letter of the 10th March 1829, you will acquaint him that I find no occasion to blame any thing, except his own very improper conduct in wilfully directing his convict servant to disobey the directions of the Governor for that servant's attendance at the office of the Superintendent of convicts. " As to Mr. Hall's remaining letters, relating to tho general conduct of the Colonial Government, I am of opinion that, as they are merely strictures of an individual upon public questions with which he ha3 no concern of a personal or a private kind, they require no an- swer from His Majesty's Government, who will not fail to adopt at all times such measures as they shall consider best adapted for the general good government of New South Wales, as well as all other Colonies under the. dominion of his Majesty. " You are at liberty to communicate to Mr. Hall a copy of this Despatch." I am, Sir, &c.; "G.MURRAY. " Lieutenant-General Darling." To this clear, just, and forcible des- patch, no comments of ours need be added. It speaks volumes in favour of our deeply insulted Government, and crushes at a stroke the impotent malice of ita enemies. While our Executive continue to follow the dictates of princi ciple, and to pursue, lo the best of their judgment, the great objects proposed by His Majesty's Government in the main- tenance of this Colony ; and so long as Ministers act in the excellent spirit shown in the above communication ;-it will he utterly out of the power of scrib- bling tale-bearers to injure the one or mislead tho other. Sir George has pu an extinguisher on the Radical rushlight and we hope it will not be again re-kin- dled-at all events, the utmost it can in future do, is to flicker and flare like a jack-o'-lantern among the bogs of Ire- land, and those who are still mad enough to bo led by it, will be sure to tumble into the quagmire, and be oither misera- bly besmeared or suffocated outright. We hope this despatch will have a good effect upon our community at large, teaching them how little confidence is to be placed in the " great swelling words" with which our demagogues prate against their superiors, and in how con- temptible a light they are regarded hy men of sense on the other sido the globe. It will be seen by our next article, that even the Opposition journals of London despise the rancorous conduct and sense- less clamour of such infuriated writers. How much more must {hey be contemned by the anti-radical classes of our coun- trymen at home. Alas ! they are a mere dead letter. Then let us bury them, and write upon their gravo-stonea-" Here lies the ghost of a shadow !" ' Sündat'8 arrival« h&vo; bronght us Hobart Town, Capo, anti Madras papers. The Derwent was rather dull in ita shipping trade. Tho Orelia was daily expected from the Mauritius, with a cargo of sugar. The Volusia was taking in bark for Liverpool, an export from which our neighbours have.for some years been deriving considerable profit. Tho Mary and Wanstead wero about to load for London. The Blacks wero still very trou- blesome. News had just reached town, of their having murdered a man at Jeru- salem ; he had" received two mortal wounds in tho back from a spear, and his head was beaten in a most shocking man- ner. They had robbed several huts, and had stolen sheep for their own use. A settler near Oyster Bay had taken the novel step of fixing near his promises a man-trap, which had in one instance done its duty, for tho hand of a Black was found in it, appearing to have been lite- rally torn from the captive's body by main force. The Mechanics' Institution continues to work well. Dr. Turner had just delivered a lecture on agriculture and chymistry, which was attended by a res- pectable but juvenile audience. Dr. Ross mentions that he has lately seen several beautiful specimens of that very singular animal, which naturalists have variously described, the ornithorynchus paradoxus, or plattypus, on which he makes the following observations :— " It is a mistake to suppose that the ornithoryn- chus has no teeth. The beak is not, in fact, the mouth, but a part added to it. The cavity of the mouth is like that of other quadrupeds, furnished with 8 teeth, that ia 2 grinders in each jaw upper and lower. The tongue is only about half an inch in length, but susceptible of being pushed forward as occasion requires about a quarter of an inch farther. The nostrils are situated very near the tip of the bill, but the cavity roaches nearly to the back of the head, and naturalists believe that it has the faculty of smell while under water, its most usual element. Its ears are very small, and the ease with which it is surprised on the banks of our river would lead to suppose that its sense of hearing is not very acute. Its feet are very tenacious, enabling it to ascend the smoothest and steepest surfaces of rocks even against a rapid stream. A specimen which I had caught and put as I thought secure in the. bottom of an empty cask, with a little water, contrived to escape up the perpendicular surface during the night" His Majesty's Birth-day appears to have been celebrated at Hobart Town with extraordinary splendour, the several papers giving a very full and dazzling description of the entertainments at Government House. Several Acts of Council had just been passed, among which were an Insolvent Act, a Jury Act, an Act for the institu- tion of Courts of Requests, and another for the institution of Courts of Quarter Sessions.-The Superintendent of Police was about to follow the example of Mr. Hely, in opening a White Book, for the registry of the good deeds of prisoners. We are happy to perceive that the Arch- deacon's Charge to the Clergy of Van Diemen's Land, of which all the journals speak in the highest terms, was about to be published, at the request of the Rev. gentlemen to whom it was delivered. 