BRITISH EXTRACTS. THI CATHOLIC AAD PROTESTANT. CHURCHES. (Continued from our last.) The Churches of England and of Rome mutually respect each other; the Church of Rome rccognises the Church of Eng land, as that which has the least departed from herself ; and the Church of England recognises the Church of Rome. as never having ceased to be under the governance of God; for the Church of England re cognises the validity of ordination in the Church of Rome; now the validity of or dination consists in the stamp and seal of the Holy Ghost affixed ; which, therefore, *the Church of England recognises, and is so far from imputing idolatory to the Church of Rome, that she cannot do so without at the same time imputing idola try, or at least the patronage, and per petuation of, and co-operation with idola try, to God himself; and this considera tion, it appears to me, ought to have pre vented the divines of the Church of Eng land from ever going so far as to separate from the Church of Rome: they ought either not to have gone so far, or to have gone farther; to have gone farther could alone justify them in going so far: how could they be justified in separating from that Church, from which they believed that God had not separated ? Were the) more righteous than God? Every thing in-their power for the reform of abuses they ought clearly to have done, with th< devotion of their lives, if necessary, even to. the death; but to have preferred, I think, death itself, rather than incur (as so believing, how could they but incur ?) th gunilt of schism. That, however, is ;ill plst, fand c4an6t be recalled ; would thiat the same consideration might now work t6 bring together again the separa ted parts !-that the Church of Esgland, and the Church of Rome-that good branch of it, at least, established and flourishing in Ireland-might be brought together and compacted into one body, or one tree, the root of which should" be Christ, God the husbandman, and its, leaves and fruits all healing counsels and healing deeds, wherewith. to salve and cure wounds and bruises, and putrifying sores, as well of the poor bodies, as of the souls of our suffering and much-inj ured people ! Another thing which exceeditfgly pleased me in the Irish, and also tended to, excite in me the idea of their minds being re ligiously impressed, was " the gracious words which proceeded out of their mouths ;" blessing, not cursing, seemed to be habitually upon their tongues: " God bless you all !" I found to be the ordinary salutation of him who entered the abode of another; " God bless the work !" of him who passed others at their work. " Ah, he's going at a fine pace, God bless him i' said a woman, of a pet feet stranger, who rode rapidly by along the' road ; " Sad weather for the harvest -bless God for it !" was the word of an honest farmer. I remember the manner in which it struck me, as I paseed a door one day at Killarney, and heard some one swear within. I had been so accustomed to-God bless you ! God speed you! Got: increase you ! &c;, that an imprecatiol sounded novel, and unusually painful t my ear ; stopping for shelter at a pout w.aver's cabin, where was a little knot of country gossips collected, I expressed thb pleasure it gave me to hear such goat words whereever I went;- " Ah," observec one of the women, ," there's neither gract nor luck where swearing is." Wondering how healthy and strong they and then children looked with their poor and scant) fare, "'?is Providence does it for us," ex claimed one cheerfully-" man fares upon little, with the blessing of God," was the reflection of another. A good mother, whose husband earneb 5s. 6d. a week it, summer, and 4s. 6d. in winter, with a fa mily of either three or four children, ont of whom I had borrowed to guide me throngh a mountainous tract, upon my complimenting her on the healthy ahd merry looks of herself and children, re plied with a smile, and an air like the play ful grace of a woman of fashion, " Indeed, if we were richer, I should perhaps grow so fat and lazy as to be good for nothing." In a similar tone and manner was the an swer of another given, whose husband I had asked, whether he was a forty-shilling freeholder t " No," replied she, as she sat spinning beside him, " Pat never :ould answer a farthing beyond his' rent; and had he taken the oath, 'twould have been a bad thing for his poor soul another day you know" ; meaning the eternal day. Walking out from Waterford, I asked a question, of a man who was breaking stones upon the road, and, receiving an intelligent answer, was led on from one thing to another, till we became engaged in a serious conversation together, in the course of which he thus addressed me: "We all know, do we not, that the Al mighty is present every where " " Cer tainly," I replied. " then (said he) I de clare to you, in his presence, that I would not fr:r the world do any man wrong·; and that I would suffer anything short of ac tual death, rather than make free with the least thing that belonged to another; but if my wife and children were ready to starve before my eyes, I would think my. self warranted in taking what should be necessary to preserve their lives." "' oh i!" repeated I, as I pondered his ar guinent, "you would think yourself war ranted by such an extremity. to take the property of another)" " Understand me,"' was his word; ** I would take no more than just what was necessary for the pre sent strait-no more, if possible, than a single meal; and would trust in Provi dence, before hqnger returned, to provide for us in a better way."-" You seem to me," I observed," to have deliberated this subject well with yourself."-" Yes, I have," was his reply; '' and there are few I believe, for twenty miles round, whol have not, and who are not of the same mind with myself."-These, und other si. milar incidents, concurred to impress me with an idea, that religion had entered deeply into the character of the Irish pea pie, and I could not deny to their priesth Sdue honour as the principal cause of it .-, A love to hear and willingless to yield 1 to reason, appeared to me also to ebarac- a terise the Irish mind, and that it might ti *asily -be drawn by the " cords of a man" a whithersoever reason would. One, at v Killarney, complaining bitterly of the g transport of potatoes from the county a Kerry to the county Cork, and the rise of .,rice in consequence, I took upon me to t .alk to him of the advantage of a free in :erchange of the productions of different. listricts of the same country, whereby the , ,reatest quantity of produce might be c -xtracted from every soil,- the kreatest luantity of industry employed, and where- ( cy the deficiency here, might be relieved a by the abundance there, and each and all be made to take an interest in and derive an advantage from the good of each and of all-with regard to his immediate comn plaint, I told him, that if the Kerry people I had not had the prospect of a market be yond their own bounds, they would, no doubt, have raised much less, and that, without any export at all, the price would have been as high or higher, than it was was likely to be with all the exportati~a of which he complained. My disciple listened to me very attentiveoly, and tid mitted that there seemed to him to be reason in what I was saying, and certainly parted from me with a very d.fferent ex- s pression of countenance than what he bore I at the commencement of our colloquy. 1 Another asked-"' What good would. Emancipation do them) ' I replied that I Emancipation would not, of course, work N a miracle, and entirely change the nature I of things in a moment ; but that it would open the way for the entrance and regdlar 1 progress of improvement of every kind; i that, the country becoming by degrees i more peaceable, men of capital in various I ways would be induced to settle there, I and furnish i better livelihood to the peo ple; that, above all, they would have their own men in Parliament, who would spleak out boldly for them, and would eventually succeed in carrying every-just measure that was requisite for the settle ment and wslfare of the country. It. this case I obtained the most decided success ; and my scholar, or my convert, quitted me with thanks upon his tongue and plea sure sparklingin his eye. Theconsequence was, Mr. Editor, that I began to fancy my self something of a doctor, and to.unmuz zle my wisdom pretty freely; I delighted in strolling out of evenings, and chatting with one and with rnother, as I found them sitting with their families at their cabin doors. I was surprised at the know ledge which they generally possessed of the interests, and oftentimes of the history of their country-at their just estimation of men and things. The next, and the last trait which I will refer to as having surprised and pleased me in the Irish people, was'their religious candour, that is, the candour of the Roman Catholics towards their Protestant fellow christians; for such they appear to me, in good faith, to consider them. My at* tention was first drawn to this by the an swer of a man at Killarney, who, having borne testimony to the worth of his priest, added, spontaneously, that the Protestant clergyman also, Mr. Bland or Mr. Lamb, was very good to the poor. Thisput me upon making experiment of the feelings of others, and I was gratified beyond mea sure to find amongst them a general dis position, and, I thought, a desire and de light to do justice in all respects to those of a different faith, and that difference al most forgotten in a fair manly spirit of neighbourlinoss, comliatriotism, and Chris tian good-will. A rough, wild-looking fellow, but full of intelligence, who drove me on a car, actually compassionated the fate of the Protestant curates, and stated an instance of a Roman Catholic priest, who, as he said, for the sakeof a wife, had gone over to the EYstablished Chur'ch, and was provided forthwith with a living, whilst their own curateiswere left to work and to want, long enough before they found preferment. This man's idea of the cause of conversion, in the instance s:ated by hin, led to a conversation of rather a delicate nature between us, in which 'I expressed myapprehension, that such vows, undertaken at a time of life when the man could scarcely know himself, or estimate the trials to be encountered by him, must often issue in very untoward consequen. ces: he, however, was of a different opi 'nion, and remarked that, by .the time a mnan came to take orders, his severest tri als of that kind were over; "for, be as sured Sir, (said he), man in his tender years is most inclined to love.'' The :eauty of which expression 1 readily ad nitted ; but was, notwithstandingl, less than convinced by his angument. Many ,oor creatures spake with great satisfac ,ion of the relief afforded them by. the ritheo Composition Act; and in places where the Act had ndt been carried into 'Fl'ect-within the liberties of Limerick, for instance, where an acre of potatoe .round pays twelve shillings tithe, and ~eight shillings other imposts-the cottlier merely stated the fact, but added no vir'u lent comment upon it; though I, in my ieart, could searc-ly help invoking a curse from God upon that Antichristiane-tablish ment, calling itself a Christian Church, which consents to be maintained upon the groaning earth, by so monstrous a violation of reason, justice, and humanity. Mr. Editor, I have done: in fine, I reo turn from Ireland nothingleass than charmed with the character of the people (accord ing to the samplesof it which met nmyeye) and impressed, notwithstanding our irre coutcileable discrepane.ies of ?iith, with great respect for the Irish atliolio Clergy, and confiding in the good temper and loyalty of both, more than in any other thing, under a merciful Providence and a patriotic and dauntless Ministry, for bear ing the country through all its ditliculties, and carrying constantly forward the pub lic weal. I am, Sir, your faithful servant, % MAURICE JAMES, B. D. Rector ef Pembridge, -IIrefordshire. 