CRICKET MATCH. The long talked of settling match between the Native Youths and the Civilians was de- cided on Tuesday, on the Race Course, in two innings, in favour of the former. The odds during part of the match fluctuated considerably, but betting finally came in to the Australians. The state of the game was as follows : - First Innings (Australians) --- 95 Second ditto ditto --- 75 170 First Innings (Soldiers) --- 82 Second ditto ditto --- 52 134 In favour of the Australians --- 36 170 On Friday s'nnighi, shortly hefore sunset, a man named Varney, late uf 'Argyll*; was stopped uhnut four miles from Richmond, oh '?Ink nnur IV I it I u*/i;t .Mn 1 1 iiii;ii- Lnnir Ili-wlfi-ol 111.' two unnrnied uesppraaoes. Ue resisted, .:ih«l »'iruggled, but a third accomplice tna Icing his appearance with a pistol, th««y rifled his pockets of eighteen II. notes, nnd our i-I., and then disencuinhcrttil liim of every article of. appaiol, save :his shirt. - Two other fellows ilrpsstsd cnnifortahly in biiie jackets and trowseH, atifi blnck hats, subsequently treated Mr. Nathaniel Norton, of Mulgoa I louse, with very littlo niore cour tesy ; for U3 lib w.rts returning from Sydney in a ''iir, lie was storiped ubour. three miles from renntli, l-y tvi'o men, armed each ivitlia hraci* of pistols, and a gun. After knocking him down and robbing him, they ordered him to turn his horse round the way lie came, and pointing to two men a short way off, said, 11 go to those two constables you see there:' Thes*c proved to be two constables with mus kets on their shoulders, belonging to l'en ritb. Tlie fallows then very deliberately walked off with their booty into King's brush, near Major Drum's; it is reported that not fewer than ten high way robberies have been committed within the last fortnight in the district of Kemp's Creek arid the Western Road. What are the mounted policemen about? These outrages have really got to too great a head to he slurred overbuy longer. We will venture to say ihose fellows arc ruri.xivays. from road and iron gangs. If 'the authorities'' will not be active Hi the business, .the settlers must try what they can do ibeinSclves to scour .the country, uiid iliiliiniah in. aoliic effectual way this pest. QrjErtY. — Iliivo the new exertions with re spect to Maitlantt district any relation to tlit «? /hm' there, und how far? Under wlial regulation, order, ordinance, or law, are pasi or present; dues and heavy dues eS arted from passengers Vehicles -and catth passing over th« private bridge, which lays in Such a Way with Urn public i-dadi thatsait bridge must be passed? and iiuo whose poc There is some talk of a new church about o he. built in Sydney. If the ' Cliitrch. inU .School Corporation'* mean to jiccoin ilish the goodly wot k out of their ample ?evenues, why s« long, as that august body :ontinde to engross a seventh of all the land n the Colony, the more churches they build, he better. Hut as a Question of public eco idniy; the matter is Quite 'altered., If the ;hU relies iii Sydney ivure filled evfery Sab jath-day with devotees— to suffocation, there would be reason in the thing; but seeing how JiftortMit is the fact-.intliKse times of distress mid distrust, public money ? might 'he' ex- pendud in -a Way equally acceptable to the Almighty, and more henelinial to the public, than in building churches; for it Uridt tne blood of lambs arid of goats, nor the heaping one stone upon another, so us to build up temples, even equal in extent and inagniiicence to Solomon's, that is always pleasing, unto the Lord, our spiritual pas-' lors themselves will tull us, biit the free-will sacrifice of a broken and a contrite heart. A tree (says the Proverb) is to bo known by its fruits, so it is by acts, not words alone. that,we'judgeof a man's probity and worth ; otherwise every hyjMiciitical canting ghost of a saint might stalk about, cram a text of scripture Jown the throat, and pound you at the same time into a belief that his knav ish comments on that text w«*re purely pour Tumour tie Dieu. If the Corporation or the Home Administration mean ro build new churches, the sooner they begin the bet ter ; hut in these piping times of peace, pub lic economy must go behind hand with priestly zeul. many who iiavo some faar or. the contem plated dog acrhefore their eyes, already be Ifin to sacrilica tboir reptiles; and it is calcu lated that before another week 'full 500 at the canine tri hi; .vj|| bite tljo Jtwt.' Thus or-9 rtuisinrs out of fifty otliors threaten^ to he exterminated ; but people should be par ticular in moving the carcases out of barm's tvay, either by intornienc or flinging into the tide. As the Governor and Council can inanago tob.uiisli curs, obnoxious writers, and other troubleaoinu animals, — we wish his Kx cellency and they would devise some means for ridding ua of rat8 anil mice, as imprison ing those vermin within four strong walls, and visiting' them with proscription, or bu nishnient from Botanv Hav! Air. Lyons on Monday sold a lot of cattle at a better price than has been the case for some weeks past. Butcher's nient i« now as Iimv and us good in general as it can well go It is reported that the statue voted some thno ugo in memory uf the venerated iMar qitirie, in in one of the ships looked for from II 'bait Town. If ao, and it come up, we hope lh,' RitbscribtM s will huve mine grati tude thuti to li'itve this piecu of statuary with out a pedestal. A weak solution of nitrate of mercury forms a good sy nnaihctio ink for paper, fluruuters becom. ing: bluc^; by heat. 