HOBART TOWN: FEBRUARY 26, 1830. Let it be impressed upon your minds, let it be instilled into your children, that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. Junius. We much fear that the pretensions of the Legislative Council to the favourable opinion of the Colonists, will not be raised very highly by a review of the proceedings which have hi- therto marked its career. The Acts it has passed, are now, or nearly so, before the Public, and what expectation can our Senators reasonably entertain, that the Public have any grounds to hold in much estimation, either the wisdom or the experience they have manifested ? What have they done, calculated to display their knowledge of the principles of legislation, or what have they not left undone of paramount importance to all classes ! We are sorry, that just upon the eve of the departure of a vessel for England, such a subject should come under our consideration, for we are willing to believe that it cannot be very agreeable to our Rulers, to have an unfavourable picture drawn and pre- sented to the good people at home, either of the want of capacity, of energy, on the part of those, from whom much is expected ; but, al- though we very unwillingly find fault, we can- not flatter ; and we should neither be true to our professed and boasted independence, nor to the anxious desire to promote the good of the Co- lony, which has been our polar star for many years, did we suffer our inclination to support, rather than weaken, the Arm of Government, to hoodwink our judgment, and to make us pass sub silentio that which, we feel ourselves called upon to reprobate. Of the new Acts of Coun- cil that now form palt ^of 4»tfr Code oft Statutes, one of thetvery firstV the Quarter JSes^ipnsAet, is at,present in,abeyance, -as t|ip Chief justice, before whom it i was laid, agreeably tothelterms of the Act of »Parliament, ^vhen sent to the Su-¡ preme Court for enrolment, has certified that its provisions are repugnant to the Law of,England. It has suited one of our Contemporaries Ato laud Chief Justice PEDDER to the skies, for.having thus saved us for the present, from the operation of this obnoxious Act; buï a moment's conside- ration is sufficient to remove the fabric so raised;' for the Chief Justice had no .choice-- no,alter native. He is entitled to no merit for a mete., act of dut3r, and if he had failed ¡to record his non-certificate of the Quarter Sessions 'Act, or of any other Act that, like it, contained clauses, contrai y to the spirit of the Laws of England, he would have incurred a responsibility, which might not have been the most agreeable. If he, or any othei Member of the Council, had been actuated by the motives, to which on his be- half our Contemporary lays claim, why did he not oppose the obnoxious parts of the Act .when in full Council ! Why was his eloquence not uplifted, his clear and convincing mode of argu- ment not used, wheie it could alone have avail- ed ? Why were there so many " dumb dogs" when the enemy was at hand, in the shape of the encroachments upon our natural rights and privileges, which have been mtioduced under the form of Acts of Council ? There would have been some merit due for a performance of duty of this nature, but not in quietly acceding to^n enactment, which np sooner leaves the Council Chamber, than an injunction which dare not be disobeyed, produces the certificate we have been discussing. But next to the Quarter JSesbion Actt let us look at that, for the institution of Courts of Re- quests, and what a precious specimen Of Legis- lation is piesented! Why instead of re- viewing the Acts of a grave body of Senators, we should almost have supposed ourselves among a parcel of children, who were playing at making Law. The "Court of Requests Act, is so complex-so much, and yet so little-so anomalous in its sepaiate and connected parts -that we venture to say, unless it be modified, and a forced construction be put upon some of its clauses,, it nevver can, nor never will be worked. It would almost seem that this has already been discovered ; -else, to what cause aie we to ascribe the extraordinary fact, that, i after allowing six months to elapse before the Council assembled, another month has expired, since the passing of (he Act, and yet not one step has been taken towards setting the Court of Requests in motion. But so it is, and strange as it may, appear, more than twelve mouths have now passed, since the inhabitants of Van Diemen's Land have been able to en- force the payment of any debts under ten pounds, excepting by a recourse to the ruinous process of the Supreme Court. In so long an interval, it eau by no means excite astonishment, that there have been cases of hardship and cruelty between creditors and debtors, for if the one be sometimes obdurate and callous, the others are too often disposed to avail themselves of cir- cumstances that will assist them in withholding j equitable payment; but for all this, the Govern nient are alone to blame, for, why has so dilato .ry a course marked .all their proceedings con- nected with the Laws of the Colony-during the time we refer ttr? : ,W^hy|liasysoj:iijuçh^id)srjegàrd. been manifested to the convenience'of the'-Pub- lic? Wé wislr it^wërè"iii i our power'to-answer .the questions-but we.: imaginé it would puzzle wiser heads.than. our owiij to do so satisfacto- rily. . ? /'?' '"?''"??''' ,;,'-;i .' . ,...-.,, ' In, another part of o,ur,-Paper, we have in- serted a letter pointing out one or two striking absurdities ia the .Slaughtering Áct^ Unless the Magistrates before,whom offenders under .this Act may be brpygl^,7pl^ce^a"fniore liberal con struction upon its'wording¡ than, a Strict reading would allow, farewell,' a lohg farewell,'. toHhe lovers' of good cheer, of many, qfit^èj dainties by which their table's have heretofore, been graced. No,more shallthe delicate niórith-ojd, sucking pig, Be torn from ¡its,loving parent, and, making but one step, from the sty to the spit, be devour- ed in its highest'state of relish^ neWr haying known what it is te be cold. Instead iof: thisy the poor little innocent, will have io'undergo all the forms' and ceremonies due' and ^aid(tp even his grandfather-and^ like Kimi to ^i^ipell mell among the assembled crowd of cattle, sheep, and swine, at one fell charnel-house, waiting its turn tobe relieved of its misery. -No more will1 the chine be the ever welcome .companion of the .?(? ?;.; /' ?'.fiii'» /í)Mi:í,!i'ít'.;;i ':. i '.??. .? ?ii" .t:~i'U¡~ ...<.. ' >??* ' turkey; the; fine brawny ham give an additional aest to the plump^vbaiih- door.'"'fô^l^'¡'¿V.l*"'tM'!?,f,f,i*ï' richly,streaked.bacon encourage the operations of the\gardener by! increasing the consumption ; ;of his various; esculents ; for unless! thé yejidér of these good things be in a condition to satisfy I every prying informer, who may chuse to insti-1 tute the enquiry, that the animal which furnished them, was slaughtered under the form prescribed by the Act, and which, in many cases, must be an impossibility, he incurs a risk, that no pru- dent tradesman would chuse to encounter. We could adduce instances'in^älmost every Act that has emanated frpm > ourkLegislative Council, equally indicative of a -total absence of knowledge of the subject, bqth.qn the part; of those who framed, and of those who have allowed! them a place in our Statute Book. Experience will,,we ¡dare say, amend some- thing on the part of the first, andr as to the others, wè hope when the Council re-assembles, it will place facilities in the way of the Public's being heard through the Press and otherwise, which have not'heretofore been enjoyed, so that they may receive necessary instruction-and also that in all new Bills they will invariably adopt the plan they have acted upon with re- spect to the Insolvent Law-íefer them to Com- mittees who are; to .seek and will thus always obtain requisite information. We know not what is doing with respect to the Jury Bill which has been COMMANDED US by the English Parliament, apd which ought to have been in operation many months ago.-We piesunie, as a matter of course, that the Council upon 'its re-assemblage on Monday next, will not again separate, without this Act being pas- sed; for it is surely too much,'with all the power possessed by Colonial Governments, that they should set at nought the imperative «laú- date of the English Paihament. Time, how- ever, will solve the problem. , -. i We copy the following from the Tasmanian, feeling assured thal no such statement would have been put forth, unless ID all mateml points, it had been correct. We have omitted mere editorial remarks, confining ourselves to the facts of the case, und will only add, that we hope the notice thus taken of the circumstance, will be die means of* removing what we cannot but consider an unmeuted hardship. Surely, our Rulers have not now to learn that the not dis appointing reasonable hopes of reward, and the holding out every encouragement to men so employed as have^been thosp now referred to, aie among the cheapest modes possible of accomplishing public undertakings, as well as a most powerlul lever in controlling the rude spirits by whom we arc sur- rounded - "PENNY WISE AND POUNW FOOLISH.-This is an old adage, but it is a very tiuc oui. It bas never been more forcibly exemplified than lu the conduct which lias been re- cently adopted towards that very deserving set of filtcen men, who, working uuder unexampled difficulties, con stuntly wet for week« together, in the most inclement sea son of the year, nearly at the summit of Mount W ellington, where in die winter they were involved in continued clouds and frequently working in the snow, have succeeded in ellect mg that most useful of public works which this Colony can boist of, the conveyance of a supply of pure water to Hobart f own. There is something extremely ungracious in the man uer in which those very useful men have been latterly treated W ben they were ür-tt put to work, they were induced to hope, and believe (if not by direct promise at least by a sort of un derstanding, which with men of their description acts equally i upon their minds and produces a proportionate exertion in their labour) that, upon the successful result of their under ' taking, they should receive some indulgence-tickets of leave, or even a greater mark of Government favour. They have I completed their vioik-most eflectually completed it 'the water runs from Mount Wellington to the Military Barracks, and thence is discharged in Sullivan's Cove, in,a voIume*equal to a very abundant supply for tbe town and shipping. Of course the men have received soma mark of the approbation of Government for their hard labour and strenuous exertions so very différent to any usually exacted or received in the way of Government work. Not only bas nothing of tbe sort taken place, but a little modicum of sugar, tobacco, and flour issued to these men, has been stopped, although tbey are now em- ployed in covering over the aqueduct, an operation of the ut- most necessity to prevent its falling in, as would of course take place if it were left open. Tbey are now working (as may be seen by any one who will take the trouble to inspect their proceedings) up to their middles m wafer in what is called " puddhng," that is, casing the aquaduct with wet clay, to prevent any loss of water m the passage from Mount Welling- ton to the Barracks. " lu the above notice of the aquaduct party, we have allu- ded only to their services, nof to their suflenngs The fol- lowing Will throw some light upon iii al part of the subject. "'When Mr. Parker hrst went uf search of the water, he was out seven days and nights, with only what provisions he could carry. He was then forced to return for provisions, and was again oat five da) s add nights. Finding the object to be practicable, be obtained a party of eight mea. He commenced operations nearly at the top of Mount Welbngton. After some months hard labour, they were driven in literally by the impossibility of remaining at such an elevation, and exposed to such continued cold and humidity, in the depth of winter, having to Carry their foo'd, and tl^eir tools, through almost impenetrable scrub, a distanbe often miles. They re- turned however early in the summer of the last year. 1 hey had to carry their food,v and their tools as before. As they proceeded with the aquaduct, they had to-carry wet clay, to case it with, upon their backs, and this over such broken ground and udhmtt shoes, so that tbeit -progress has been re- peatedly tracked for ¿too miles by their blood ' They1 were without shoes, because those which were served out to them becanle. perfectly useless after' one1 days'labour. Stich were the precipices over which these men, thus laden had to scram- ble, that th¿y have frequently fallen such distances, that al though neither life nor limb was lost, yet many boars have been frequently occupied m recovering those who met with such unavoidable accidents ^ /ii It is remarkable that such is tbe nature of the ground through which the aquaduct was first carried, that it has never yet been visited by any single individual other than those by whose labour it was eftectèd " < ' How often important results are led to, by little defects in evidence, particularly ás toMime, and facts' governed by dates, or affected by laps« of years. It so happened,' that apon one ofithe late Civil trials, the testimony given by the Sheriff, which he doubtless believed true, was upori both1 points, whereon he was examined, incorrect as to time, which in that case was all important} wa, the discrepancies in the evi- dence Upon the horse cause, iw'which a motion for u'bew trial failed, arose from the transaction being so,'long ago as ti\e or six years, and from not adduoing all the evidence that could have been adduced. , Assessbrs^bould be very oWtious how they manifest any feejings by accompanying verdicts with opinions J indeed they should wholly abstain from it Their duty is simply io re- turn their verdict for plaintif! or 'defendant. They aré «or warrante^ in giving any opinion as to Witnesses, which could iii no case happen in England.«-They might as well take upon ! themselves to deliver as psrt'flf their-verdict, that they did nqt bejufve Mr, this pnthe other Counsellor-that they considered j the conduct of Mr. Counsellor/so and so to deserve oensnre, &o.; It is, in fact, & travelhng out of the Kay, upon Which' j but one orHDipnca^exut'urthe minds of unprejudiced persons. The following »rlicle trm the London Glote «bews-that .> ¡i become a very debatable »abject in England, whether th » Colonies shonld be maintained or abandoned. It appears ti i the meddling with the affairs of the Colonies bj the Moth Country, is now understood to be highly prejudicial to ii* interests of both ;-" BECAUSE THE INTERFERENCE ¿W« THEIR INTERNAL AFFAIRS, MORE THAN OVERBALAICÈD THE ADVANTAGES if there were any, WHICH THE COLO NISTS HAVE DERIVED FROM OUR PROFUSION." i, ^ '. the interests of both will be best promotedxby givfe» "," power and freedom to the Colonies» .and that by using le ¡pragmatical meddling of!uninformed persons with their local (concerns^ l« they will b'e attached more firmly to the other Country." We.imagined we stood alone, when we asserted that this Colony would he much better off, and twenty times more happy, if GreatJiritajn^Buffered' us-fo manage''our own affairs ; and not quarter their hungry dependents upon, us to devour all the fat of the land and j the fruits of our industry not a shilling being applicable to local improvements, not so much as would keep in repaid our roads, erect bridges acroks our rivers, or make roads^throngh the country, streets .through 'our towns, or* docks or quays fn pur principal sea port towns -We are much.pldased to ilnd-tlie «tress of Great Britain opening ,the ejjes of the British nation to such impo. Hey ; the only way in/which the British nation can be made io feel in the vulnerable point, is the e\pence;-for it seems that by this system of providing for .Ü^eír poor relations, be- sides the whole of the revenues levied in the Colonies,'Eu gland is obliged to pay IN ADDITION a large annual ¡nooma for the support,of her Colonies ' It appears that the Editor of the Globe is by no means misinformed on the state of the British Colonies. He has truly stated the causes of discon- tent ; and that " the expensive establishments kept up are so much worse than sinecures, as doing mischief, is worse than doing nothing." , , Our opinions on this subject are familiar to the readers of ! the Colonial Times. We do not entertain a doubt, if the British Ministry are wise, they will keep their Sinecurists it ' home, and leave the management of the Colonies to the Colo* nists themselves, who must know andrfeel for their own inte- rests j1 and we contend'that the interests'of each particular Colony is tho true intérêts of the Mother Countrt. Tli« more free and happy and industrious they are, 'the greater m proportion will be their value and importance to Gi eat Bri- tain. As to their idea of shaking off the jok\», if they become too independent, it is a narrow policy, proceeding from ign0 ranee-nothing b"t oppression candrive a Colony into dis- order from the Mother Country, wlieie all its kindied, asso- ciations, and commercial connexions cehtie. It is by a ge- nerous and liberal policy alone that British conne\ión can be permanently maintained, without expence to (he Mother Country, and with peace and comfort to the Colonists Speaking generally, most of the operations 'in the Colonies ore so clogged with trifling regulations, and'officious inter- meddling, as to resemble more a collection of theseiereat penal excise laws, than the rules and regulations of a social or a rational people. The following is the extract alluded to " If our reasoning had led us thus far, we should have been obliged, as a corollary, to have admitted that it would ba de- sirable, unless a very great change could be made in the pre- sent Colonial system, to abandon all our Colonies. This however, is not our opinion. Though the great commerce and mercantile marine of Aineiica may lead us to doubt whether oiir own trade and Navy might not have been almost as great without the expence of colonial establishments-there is evidently a great difference in national policy, between the question of grasping at a new possession, and that of lehn quishing a possession of the same *iOit when it is acquired._ Even if it should be proved to our satisfaction that Colonies have not contributed to the wealth and greatness of Eilgland\ yet, now that our wealth and commerce baie been foiced into a Colonial trade and Colonial possessions, it ¡s a change which no ptudeut mau would recommend, suddenly to stop that chan- nel, ortoendangei its stoppage-tosav nothing of thegloiy of the English name »identified with Colonial establishments ; we are not among those who would willingly impair it. "V* lut ~ we recommended with respect to the Colonies, was fo meddle as little as possible with their internal affairs,, and to spend on them as little as possible of British monet. It lias- been foiuuVby experience, that Colonies winch have been a great I sourceof expense to the Butish tieasurylmc been kept in a continual state of discontent-because the inteiferenu vn*h their internal o fail s moi e than cavrtei balanced the adi ou- tage*, tf there were any, whth the Colonists have dei ¡ved ft am our profusion. We lute Jamaica, were the feilihty of the country, and the commercial aUiwty of the ports strike all foreigners with wonder, we have the line of the St. Lawience, and of the Lakes, w ¡th boundless tracts of fei tile 5and held by the Crown in full property ; we hate the alluvial tracts of the mouth of the Orinoco ; we has e the Cape, the resting place between Europe and the Indies , we have Ceylon ; and ytt all these, and many of the other of the most favoured spots of the globe, are unable to defray their i own expenditure. We do not talk of their shnre of the interest of the debt contracted, in part, for their defence-of their share of the maintenance of the Navy, under the security afforded by which they now flourish-of their share of the maintenance of the dignity of the Throne, which sheds its lustie as much upon them as upon us-all these are defrajed' by Great Britain solely ; but ofthe maintenance of soldier» who man, in time of peace, forts which no mortal dreams of attacking, and of those civil establishments, which, if of any use at all, are only intended foi* the local ard individual advantage of the Colonies, and their inhabitants. We admit that it is impossible to get an accurate judgment of tin1 extent of the criminality in each particular case, without minute details, and these details have been, from the peculiar coiincv ion ofthe Colonies with England, and by the providence of the' Government, bidden effectually fioni the people, and even from Parliament ; but there is an irresistible presumption, from the whole of the results, that the details must shew gross folly or gross improvidence, and that the expensive establishments in the Colonies, which keep the inhabitants in discontent, are so much worse than sinecures, as doing mischief is worse than doing nothing. Therefore it is that we think the Colonial Minis- try, if it be wise and honest, will tarn itsfch\ef attention to lessen the expenses'of thb Colonies- panel as by so doing it must leave the Colonists more power, aud freedom/it will, we have ¡no doubt, as a necessary consequence, attach them more, firmly to Great Britaih. ' In1 most of thèse Colonies we do not hold unwilling subjects, but men interested in the English connex- ion, and fond of their English blood,, who have only enough provincial or Colonial feeling to be justly indignant at the prag- matical meddling of uninformed persons with their loral con Notwithstaiiding the, check the Van Die men's Land Society has sustained by the secession from its ranks of several of the ? Gentlemen, >tbe influence of whose names at first chiefly set,the machine in motion, there are 6 | few of its Members, who, feeling conscious, that to their in discretion alone, is the present' umow ard state of affairs tobe | ascribed, Still cling to the wreck, and would fain make the world believe thal the Society is yet in existence. What- ever now remains fóf it,' is' however but its'ghost or shadow» It is idle to talk Of Seminaries for Students from India, as we see advertised in' another Paper, and perfeofly^laugfeable to see what, certain persons'suy upon the Subject, whea/vaubfiog their own liberality of intended contribution f for the day is gone by-the talent and j influence that once adorned ihe 'list of Members, now no longer^elpng to ¡t-the public Press is in array, against the compound of illiberally, exclus»», and pre- sumption' that'has been 'displayed, and the whole Colony» save only the few, who, injni sheer( defiancpj pov/continue to call themselves the Vat} Diemen'» Landf Society,, view al}, its proceedings with contempt and derision. We have once before noticed the great delay that sometimes takes place at Mulgrave Battery, in answering the signals made from Mount Nelson; but an instance of this sort that occurred on Monday evening last, when the workings of the Telegraph were disregarded more than half an hour; shews that there is yet something, to remedy, and which we recommend to the attention of the Port Officer. Whilst upon this subject, how, we beg to enquire, is the arrival of vessels from Swan River to be made known from Mount Nelson? or how was the American brig that came in lately, signalised? Perhaps the Port Officer will also think these worth attending to. Dr. BROMLEY writes that in September last, he was appointed to the Donegal, of 80 guns, fitting out as a guard ship at Sheerness. The Doctor writes in great spirits, The^pMblic have we sometime past been »ware tuBt' certain'?»changes*'-are -"in contemplation connected with tbe Derwent 'Bank, which have* for their object, in en- tire re-modelling of several of Its ' fundamental principles, if a Contemporary may be.relied npon, (these alterations are «ready fi»r advanced, and a,shprt time iOnly¡wilLelapse, ere jhe management of the Bank will become vested in the bands 0f a Gentleman, hitherto chieflyrknown,Jo tbe,Public as a> locton ienens, in several ¡successif^ offices under Government, ¡" a|l which, he has /displayed, much method and regula r¡(r. Until the subject be} fully before us, in a shape that tarries with it au assurance d£ its authenticity, it is almost premature to enlarge upon it./ For the,present, lberefoie, wéi ffiall only say that, if the intended'new plan bo1, in some re- spects as is reported, the benefits a Balik is capable of be stowmg, will be extensively diffused ; and'many persons, who have heretofore^ under ivarious bircdmstances, ' suffered much inconvenience, will.have opportunities 'afforded » them of easy and effectual relief. . , < > >THE TURF,-Wetare authorised to state by Mr. Dtrrros, that the puise bf Eifty -Guineas given by' the Van Diemen's Lind Establishment,! for the produce of Buflalo, Wateiloo, and Bolivar, willi be^run for at the Ross' Meeting, to be held on the 28th of April next, .iustend of the 25th' of March ..as previously advertised. We are glad the races are about,to be^ revived. Why there was, no meeting last ' year we 'cannot say, b'ut suspect the cold watejr thrown upon tins sport had the effect of extinguishing it for a season, but'it' ¡s now likely to be reuvl'd, and raised to a flame, that will Heep alive during the days of usury. The true English spirit of Horse Racing prevails in the people of this Colony, as well « at home, and cannot be kept urtder bynurrow-minded prin . oqiles and bigotted prejudices. « On Saturday night, Mr. WILLIAM STANLEY a very aged man, and an old inhabitant known to most in the Colony, was drowned at Compton Ferry. The night was very dark, and it appears the unfortunate man in stepping off the plat- form of the punt, after just answering "here I am" to a call from the shore, fell into the river, and was not seen after- wards. A person named JAY who was near, jumped into a boat and used every endeavour to pick up Stanley, but the darkness prevented its being effectual, and he found only his hat.-A Reward of Five Pounds is offered for the body. In a letter from Mr. BROOKS, of Old Broad siieet, London, Merchant, dated the latter end of October last, and addressed to Mr. BISDEE, is the following paraçijaph : " Our Wool Market bas upon the whole been a little better this season than last, but trade in the mauufactuung districts is as bad as ever." The same letter advises that it was not pro- bable any ship with merchandize would be despatched before Christmas. ni The notesiof Mr. DUNN'SCom-Tiercial Bank, are ni futpre to be taken by the Bank of Van Diemen's Laud. We» think both it and the Derwent Bank would ha\e consulted their interests by receiving them long since ; and thcie is no doubt that tbey have, unintentionally, been rather advancing Mr. DUNN'S respectable establishment, than other- wise, by the contrary course. I His Majesty's sioop-of-war the Crocodile, of l8 guas, having on boara the Venerable (the Archdeacon BROUGHTON, came up to port as we were going to Press , she was saluted by the Battery. The Crocodile left Sydney ou Thursday last, and not on the same day as (he Medway, as had been reported to us. ' j ' On Saturday, as Mr. PETER SCOTT, a Gentleman of recent arrival in the Colony, was shooting at a hawk, the cap of his percussion gun hit his eye, and cut it so dreadfully, as to excite apprehensions of its total loss of sight. Doctors Turnbull and CROWTHER attend Mr. Scott. Letters from Mr. BARNARD, the Colonial Agent, residing in England, have been received in the Colo- ny, stating that a new Chief Police Magistrate for Van Die- men's Land has been appointed by His Majesty. The Margaret which sailed from this in June last, had safely arrived. Letters from London of date 22d October acknowledge remittances by that vessel. Preliminaries of peace, it was reported at the Cape, were signed between the Russians and the Turks. 