The Artist and the Countryman. A toleiable story, under this title, has found its wy into the papers within these few days. About the time when the atiocities of Burke were generally talked of, a country lad applied for a situation as servant to Mr. W., an artist near Soho-square, an advertisement having particularly specified the artist's wish that the man should be *' from the country." The rustic was shown into the painting-room, and here his fears, by the dim light usual in such an apartment, converted the easel into, an instrument of torture, a-and a " lay figure"* 'carefully covered with a cloth, wlncli he had thie curiosity to remove, was undoubtedly a body that hand been ' Burked.' His alarm, already powerfully excited, reached its height, when, on peeping through the curtain of a half-glass door, he beheld Mr. W. mixing up lake with a pallet-knife. Deter- mined not to be quietly sacrificed, he rushed into the room, which intervened between him anid the passage, and flooring the artist, reached the hall, resolved to escape from what he deemed a human slaughter-house. Here Mr. W., who fan- cied the man had been robbing him, overtook him, and a strug- - gle ensned ; but the countryman being the stronger, effected his egress, and rushed out crimsoned with the lake, shouting " Murder !" and " Burke!" a mob following at his heels. The artist followed, overtook his man in Soho-square, but ap- pearances were so much against him, his hands being dyed in the lake, that he was himself made prisoner, and was no- until he had given a minute detail of the affair, and a, deputat- tion from the mob had visited his house to satisfy themselves, that he was set at liberty. \---------------- SUPPLY OF COAL IN ENGLAND, AND WALES.--Mr. Bakewell, in his Introduction to Geology, cal- culates that the coal in Norrhumberland anjd Durham will be exhausted in the period of 350 years ; and the coal fields of Derbyshire, the West Riding of Yoikshne, Staffordshire, Whitehaven, and Lancashire, will none of them last longer than that time ; but that the îmmense coal field of South Wales would supply the consumption for two thousand years. Thiss last coat field extends over 1200 square miles, is of an average thickness of 95 feet, and contains 100,000 tons of coal per acre, or 65,000,000 tons per square mile. The coal is of an inferior quality, but it is piobable that improved methods of burning will be discovered, which will cause an economy in the use of fuel. GAMBLING.--If I hazard a stake at Rouge et Noir, I do so with a view of increasing my money ; if I buy up corn with a view of compelling a higher market, and thereby increasing my wealth--what then ! In the former case, l gamble, in the latter, I speculate. Now, speculation is practised by Quakers, but gambling is " an abomination in the eye of the Lord. " SINGULAR DEATH.--A short time since, at Abernethy, in Scotland, a man employed in shearing, was stungg.by what is called a " dae nettle," his finger in conse- quence inflamed, and it spread up his aim and side ; he died in seven days. CORN LAWS.--Excellent contrivances to keep up high rents ; high rents enable landlords to 'pay high taxes, high taxes support the government, the government protects the people ; therefore, the Corn Laws protect the people. PRIDE HUMBLED.--As a certain Lord was receiving from Louis XIII, the order of the Holy Ghost, and was repeating the form of words usual at that time, " Domine, non sum dignus," (Lord, I am not worthy of it. ) 'I know it, my Lord,' answered the King , but my cousin Riche- lieu begged that I would give it to you. ' INGENUITY.--When Marshal Duke,of Vil- liers made his entry into Aix to take the government of Provence, the deputy of that province. presented to him, ac- cording to custom with a purse containing twenty thousand livres ; but being desirous to save the province that sum, he concluded his speech with an oncomium upon the genero- sity of the late Duke of Vendome, his predeccesor, who on a similar occasion had remitted their munificence, in consequence of the extreme poverty of the inhabitants. The Duke of Vil- liers, who knew too well the value of the present, took the purse and replied coolly,--' Sir, the Duke of Vendome was an inimitable prince." ENORMOUS EEL.--A fisherman of St. Ko- verne, lately caught a conger eel, 7½ feet long, 2½ girth, weight 104 lbs,. This fish is considered to be the largest of the kind taken for many years. 