NEWS FROM SWAN RIVER; OR, THE LAWYER'S LAMENT. You wish to learn how we got on, So a letter I'll try to produce, To tell at the River of Swan, What I find for amusement or use. Of all common comforts, alas ! We're here so deficient and bare, That Nebuchadnezar at grass, Could hardly have lived on such fare. Mrs. Wiggins you know has a taste For meads and meandering brooks, And only could think, in her haste, Of garlands and sheep-tending crooks : I wish she had brought out instead, But my wife says "the thought is quite shocking," A needle or two, and some thread, To sew up a hole in my stocking. Mr. Gusset, from Tottenham court-road, Who'd fain be our fashions refining, Imported of patterns a load, With samples for facings and lining ; But shrewdly I guess a sheep's hide, Though a garb than which few could look rum- mer, Will be worn all the year ; wool inside, Through winter ;—turned outside in summer. Mr. Bunnion, of corn- cutting fame, Our toes would in order be putting, But here are so few feet to lame, He finds he has gained no good footing : May's-buildings' great chief, Mr. Wrencher, As dentist has made himself known, But our teeth stand so firm, that at trencher He will not soon wear out his own. For me, when determined to come, I packed up my wig and my gown, Expecting the settlers to hum, And gain loads of cash and renown : In raptures I strutted away, Rehearsing my smiles and my fury, "On oath, fellow, mind what you say"— "Please your Lordships and Gents of the Jury." But landed, how perfect the bore, To see not the ghost of a brief, To find that this desolate shore Can't furnish out one decent thief : That honesty here is redundant I can't say I think or believe, But goods are so little abundant, There's really nothing to thieve. Some dolts in the country we left Have long been expending their time, To prove they of sense are bereft, By toiling to extirpate crime : They may call it a curse if they will, The position I boldly deny, I swear that, instead of an ill, We should hail it a boon from the sky. Have you seen in the halls how they eat ? Have you seen at the Sessions how gaily At dinner the Judges all meet, The Barristers in the Old Bailey ? The mirth in the town of Assize, When sweetly the merry bells chime, While beauty decked out charms the eyes ? These! these! are the blessings of crime ! Here, alas! all it dolefully still, Or at best the dull buz of a hive ; No arson with interest to thrill, No murder to keep us alive ; No grievance to yield the heart ease By giving a theme for haranguing, No duels, no felo de ses, No coroner's inquests, no hanging ! "Our coasts here are teeming with duck," One Semple cries ;—faith, I would wager, The gloriously long sighted buck Must needs be of kin to the Major : Some ducks here no doubt soon will feed, Whom scorn from old England has hurl'd, Waddling ducks, of the true Henty breed, Gulls and geese from all parts of the world. But for this time I finish my say, Inviting all friends who are willing So far as Swan River to stray, To give for one acre a shilling : Comfort, now, and renown ever after, They're offered, and if they should feel The spec bring more sorrow than laughter, They can but return to—a Peel. WILLIAM WIGGINS, Barrister at Law, late of Pump-court. On Tuesday night last four houses were broken into in Parramatta, and stripped of every thing of any value. The thieves ef- fected their entrance through the windows. Thorn, the chief constable, hearing the des- cription of a man who was seen in one of the houses, and knowing his customers, pitclied upon a ticket of leave man named Reefehouse, who was apprehended and brought before the Police. A servant wo- man who saw him in the house, and recog- nised him, swore that he was the man. He is fully committed to take his trial. Some credit is due to Thorn, who says he only wishes to get rid of five free men out of Parramatta, and the town, he vouches for it will then be quiet. We are informed creditably, that the wheaten crops about the Hawkesbury and Nepean districts will not average more than seven or eight bushels per acre. Wheat will be dear it is reasonably conjectured. 