Miscellanea. VISIONS OF BLAKE, THE ARTIST.— To describe the conversations which Blake held in prose with demons, and in verse with angels, would fill volumes, and an ordinary gallery could not con- tain all the heads which he drew of his visionary visitants. That all this was real, he himself most sincerely believed ; nay, so infectious was his en- thusiasm, that some acute and sensible person show heard him expatiate, shook their heads, and hinted that he was an extraordinary man, and that there might be something in the matter. One of his brethren, an artist of some note, employed him fre- quently in drawing the portraits of those who ap- peared to him in visions. The most propitious time for those "angel-visits" was from nine at night till five in the morning, and so docile were his spi- ritual sitters, that they appeared at the wish of his friends. Sometimes, however, the shape which he desired to draw was long in appearing, and he sat with his pencil and paper ready and his eyes idly roaming in vacancy ; all at once the vision came upon him, and he began to work like one possessed. He was requestod to draw the likeness of Sir Wil- liam Wallace—the eye of Blake sparkled, for he ad- mired heroes. " William Wallace !" he exclaimed, "I see him now—there, there, how noble he looks— reach me my things !" Having drawn for some time, with the same care of hand and steadiness of eye as if a living sitter had been before him, Blake stopt suddenly, and said, " I cannot finish him— Edward the First has stepped in between him and me." "That's lucky," said his friend, "for I want the portrait of Edward too.'' Blake took ano- ther sheet of paper, and sketched the features of Plantagenet ; upon which his Majesty politely va- nished, and the artist finished the head of Wallace. "And pray, sir" said a gentleman, who heard Blake's friend tell his story—" was Sir William Wallace an heroic- looking man ? And what sort of personage was Edward?" The answer was, "there they are, sir, both framed and hanging on the wall behind you, judge for yourself." I looked (says my informant) and saw two warlike heads of the size of common life. That of Wallace was noble and heroic, that of Edward stern and bloody. The first had the front of a god, the latter the aspect of a demon." The friend who obliged me with these anecdotes, on observing the interest which I took in the subject said, "I know much about Blake—I was his companion for nine years. I have sat beside him from ten at night till three in the morning sometimes slumbering and sometimes waking, but Blake never slept ; he sat with a pencil and paper drawing por- traits of those whom I most desired to see. I will show you, sir, some of these, works." He took out a large book filled with drawings, opened it, and con- tinued, "Observe the poetic fervour of that face— it is Pindar, as he stood a conqueror in the Olympic games. And this lovely creature is Corinna, who conquered in poetry in the same place. The lady is Lais, the courtezan—with the impudence which is part of her profession, she stopt in between Blake and Corinna, and he was obliged to paint her to get hor away. There ! that is a face of a dif- ferent stamp—can you conjecture who he is?" "Some scoundrel, I should think, sir. There now—that is a strong proof of the accuracy of Blake—he is a scoundrel indeed ! The very individual task-master whom Moses slew in Egypt. And who is this, now,—only imagine who this is?" " Other than a good one, I doubt, sir." "You are right, it is the devil—he resembles, and this is miserable, two men who shall be nameless ; one is a great lawyer, the other—I wish I durst name him—is a suborner of false witnesses. This other head now ? This speaks for itself—it is the head of Herod ; how like an eminent officer in the army !" He closed the book, and taking out a small pannel from a private drawer, said, "this is the last which I shall show you ; but it is the greatest curiosity of all. Only look at the splendour of the colouring and the ori- ginal character of the thing !" " I see," said I, " a naked figure with strong body and a short neck— with burning eyes which long for moisture, and a face worthy of a murderer, holding a bloody cup in its clawed hands, out of which it seems eager to drink. I never saw any shape so strange, nor did I ever see any colouring so curiously splendid---a kind of glistening green and dusky gold, beautifully varnished. But what in the world is it ?" "It is a ghost, sir---the ghost of a flea---a spiritualization of the thing !" "He saw this in a vision then," I said, " I'll tell you all about it, sir. I called on him one evening, and found Blake more than usually excited. He told me he had seen a wonderful thing---the ghost of a flea ! And did you make a drawing of him? I inquired. No, indeed, said he, I wish I had, but I shall, if he appears again ! He looked earnestly into a corner of the room, and then said, here he is---reach me my things---I shall keep my eye on him. There he comes ! his eager tongue whisking out of his mouth, a cup in his hand to hold blood, and covered with a scaly skin of gold and green ; --and as he described him so he drew him." These stories are scarcely credible, yet there can be no doubt of their accuracy. Another friend, on whose veracity I have the fullest dependence, called one evening on Blake, and found him sitting with a peneil and a panel, drawing a portrait with all the seeming anxiety of a man who is conscious that he has got a fastidious sitter ; he looked and drew, and drew and looked, yet no living soul was visible. "Disturb me not,'' said he, in a whisper, " I have one sitting to me." " Sitting to you !" exclaimed his astonished visitor---" where is he, and what is he ? I see no one." " But I see him, sir," answered Blake, haughtily, "there he is, his name is Lot ; you may read of him in Scripture. He is sitting for his portrait."—Family Library, No. X, Lives of the Artists. Lord D—n having appeared at a ball costume, given by Lady Burghersh, at Florence, in the character of Sir Richard Maltravers, was uni- versally interrogated as to the personage he af- fected to represent. " Sono ii mio libro—I am my book," replied the Viscount very pompously. "I am sure I wish you were," replied a lively Tuscan Princess, " for then we could put you on the shelf." EXECUTION OF MURAT. — When the fatal moment arrived, Murat walked with a firm step to the place of execution, as calm and unmoved as if he had been going to any ordinary review. He would not accept a chair, nor suffer his eyes to be bound. I have braved death (said he) too often, to fear it." He stood upright, proudly and un- daunted, with his countenance towards the sol- diers ; and when all was ready, he kissed a corne- lian on which the head of his wife was engraved, and gave the word thus : " Save my face : aim at my heart — Fire !". MOSAIC PRINTING.—Senefelder, the inventor of lithography, has discovered a new mode of printing from paintings, which has all the qualities of those executed in oil. He has termed it Mosaic Printing, and it is remarkable for its beauty, light- ness, and durability. A NEGRO BULL.—Confusion of intel- lect is not confined to that sister-island, which is, after all, but a sister-in-law. A black servant ob- served to Mr. G. of New York, pointing out two of his sable companions,—Caesar and Pompey ver' much alike, Massa,—ver' much alike,—'specially Pompey. HOW TO SMUGGLE EN MILITAIRE— The good folks of Madrid have recently enjoyed a hearty laugh over as rieiculous a farce as the annals of smuggling ever recorded. Fifteen hundred grey trowsers lay in depot for the first regiment of the guards in the village of Carabanchel ; but the worthy custodians of the city gates would not allow the ar- ticles to pass through them without paying the duty to which all merchandise brought into Madrid is liable. The colonel of the regiment, however, had no incli- nation to brook the ignominy, but rode restive, and an the 14th February, marched his men out of town and halted them at Carabanchel. Here they stripped themselves of their under-garments, and, lodging them in their knapsacks, attired themselves in the new inexpressibles ; this done, they marched back to their barracks, drums beating and colours flying under the noses of the baffled fiscalists. STATE ETIQUETTE.—During the late indisposition of thE Duke of Cumberland, which confined H. R. H. to his residence on Kew green, H. R. H. received a visit from the King, which, although not in person, was in effect the same, ac- cording to royal etiquette, as his Majesty sent a deputy in the person of Colonel Thornton, one of his Aides-de-Camp, who went in one of His Ma- jesty's carriages. This, on the part of the Sovereign, is considered as a personal visit, as was the case in the time of the late Queen Charlotte. When any of the female nobility were confined, her Gentleman Usher in waiting went to pay the visit on their recovery, dressed in the court dress, the Queen's livery servants attending him in their state liveries, the same as if the Quaen had been in the carriage. The Gentleman Usher was received with the same pomp and ceremony by the Lady to be visited, as if the Queen had been present. 