'Act SATAN. fi* fy. BY OlOprnT WONTOOMinY. "I as, a fu Mr. Montgomery, says the Observer, whose Poem on the " Omnipresence of the Deity" must be in the recollection of all who reverence religion, and have about to estimate the force of enthusiasm, for its cause, united with a true sense of the sub limp, has produced a second work of the same description, under the name of " SATAN." It is written in blank verse, and evidently intended to imitate the style of " Paradise Lost," although in design and conception it more resembles " Hypocrisy a poem of great merit, although but little known, written by Colton, the ingenious author of bacon." We have received the work so late, that we cannot this week enter fully into its merits ; but we insert the following lines on the subject of Pride and Ambition, as a favourable specimen of the verse : " First in my train of Ministers, behold Assuming Pride, who lifts her lofty eye To Heaven, as though in scorn of its dread height ; And when she hands it to the earth, surveys All creatures but to dwarf them in a glance Of stern comparison. But nobler far Appears Ambition, whose overwhelming fires Once fed my own proud nature, till it dared To launch the thunders of Divinity I Of all my tempters, there is no such power Such mingling of the demon and the god As that which in Ambition dwells. the soul Of virtue, by her hallowing spirit touched, May emulate the Serapis, in her love Divine, through this dark pilgrimage ; but more On earth is such sublime ambition found, Or seldom would she was a soul to me ! She haunts the loveliness of life, there shapes Her phantoms wild, or, glittering, delights, But oftener she assumes a warrior men, To make a hero ; stirs him with the sight Of banners floating a defiance ; plains And battle-hills, with throbbing echoes roll'd He rides a charger in victorious dreams, And wakes a hero let him gash the world. " Ambition fires that genius in the mind Which mortals on a throne of magic seat Most heavenly bright, without a shade of earth, Her nature a nobility : the great She magnifies ; the mean she can exalt ; Lend virtue majesty, and vice a veil The all-adored-creation for her charm ! When weary stars grow twinkles, and depart, Like ghosts that t vanish at the dawn of day, She wanders forth, and sees the budding morn To fresh on the pole sky, like that young glow Which o'er the cheek of waking beauty steals ; And night-it is the noon of joy to her, Unutterably glorious not a sound Abroad ; the moon, an isle of loveliness The stars hung beautiful, as will new-born. And lavish of their lustre ; she could dream Her spirit wafted into some Elysian orb Deep in the luxury and bloom of Heaven. All sights and sounds are meanings to her mind The seas are mirrors of mightiness, The storm winds, spirits ocean born, that prove The life and passion of ten thousand waves In the race tempest of their oaring ire ; Whate'er is visioned she can make her own, Shaping the world to an enchanted sphere " Yet Genius oft is made Ambition's wing, In shining motion playing o'er mankind. Alone, she cannot conquer Virtue's height, Nor bask in her Elysium to the heart One single virtue wins a prouder claim Of eminence, than mighty genius wears In all her glory while her dazzling race Are blinded into self-idolatry, Some unobtrusive child of woe, through want And anguish doom'd to meet his address lot, Hath pour'd his spirit into fervent prayer, And clung so faithful to the Cross of Christ, That he is famous in the rolls of Heaven, Where lies a mansion, waiting for his soul ! A withering, but eternal truth, to me." 