SECOND LETTER ON DEISM FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT, Answered. To The EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY MONITOR. SiR, In answer to your quere. " does the writer call this argument?" I plainly answer, no; the etter was only an expostulation, shewing the un fairness of your launching-out in such terms of gross abuse, against a sect,of whose opiniolns you are certainly ignorant ; and a refutation of the principles which you stated them to possess; but this part you carefully omitted publishing. Do you imagine Sir, that you exalt your re- putation by abusing this body—do you ima- gine that your talents will be estimated by the quantum of opprobious epithets you load them with—or your piety by the measure of horror you indicate when speaking of their tenets— or that your bigotry will cease to be odious so long us it confines its hostility to them ? No; the reverse is the case. The more charity you exercise towards a sect so opposite to your own, the more you will rise in character for wisdom, for integrity, and for piety. Before I proceed further, I wish you to understand, that I am willing to believe that which you can prove, but I will admit nothing which you cannot. I admit the existence of one God. You assert there are three per sons in the Godhead, the same in substance, equal in power and glory. Mine is a negative position, yours a positive assertion ; and surely you ought to prove it. It generally happens, that a negative position admits not of proof; but in this instance, there are many so- lid arguments which clearly demonstrate, that there is no evidence of more than one God. 1st. Can a plea of necessity be urged for more than one God ? It is an universal rule to admit of no more causes than are necessary for the production of the effect. To produce the works of nature, one great cause was ab- sulutely necessary; but reason will not support the supposition, that it was necessary for one to direct, a second to execute, and a third to in fluence. 2nd. Those who believe in the doctrine of the Trinity, really believe in three Gods. It is affirmed, that there are three persons in the Godhead, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost ; that the substance which composes each is the same, and that the power and glory of each is equal. These persons therefore must be distinct, from each other, since, taken to- gether, they are three; and since the attributes of power and glory belong to each, each pos sessing them in an equal measure. Let me endeavour then to conceive of a Deity thus constituted. Let me imagine that there is a distinct person, having a distinct name, a distinct substance, and distinct attri butes; and that these, taken together, constitute God. Let me imagine, that there is a second distinct person, having a distinct name, a dis tinct substance, and distinct attributes ; and that these also taken together, constitute God. Let me imagine, that there is a third distinct person, having likewise a distinct name, a dis tinct substance, and distinct attributes ; and that these again taken together, constitute God. Let me suppose, that while each of these per- sons, considered by himself, is God, the three taken together are no more than exactly that one God. Each considered by himself is perfect God. The whole taken together are no more. By no effort of my faculty can I conceive this. It is impossible. I must suppose that there are three Gods, or I can have no idea upon the subject I shall close here, as it will allow of your considering these arguments, before I proceed with others. I remain your obedient servant. A DEIST. This is the second letter we have re ceived from our candid correspondent, who signs himself a Deist, in which he inti mates, that we did not publish the whole of his last letter. We intended to do so, and if it were not all published, it is not our fault, but an error in our office. We admit the candour and propriety of "a Deist's" remarks, and we are happy to see him so cool and fair and straight-forward in his propositions. It is a pleasure to see an antagonist come at once to the point. It saves a vast deal of trou- ble. Our manly Correspondent first says, "I am willing to believe that which you can prove; but I will admit nothing which you cannot." The first appears to us a superfluous remark. For the Deist to act contrary to what is promised, would be to act without common sense. However, we perceive one advantage to him of his making the remark. The Deits, as a sect, allege nothing; therefore, lucky fellows, they need prove nothing. All other religionists be- lieve a good deal; consequently they have a good deal to prove. We will ask here however, what kind of proof does a Deist require ? Religion is sen- timent, rather than science. Religion is not a doctrine of things, like chemistry or ma- thematics; but a doctrine of ideas, which pertain to the Almighty, his attributes and his works. Hence, the things conceived and believed in religion, are not capable of the same sort of proof which chemistry or natural philosophy is? And Deists, not seeing this, but insisting on bringing religion to the kind of proof as they would Botany or As tronomy, have always ridiculed religionists, because they have confessed their inability to do so. Which ridicule on their part however has been presumption. Our correspondent then goes on to state certain reasons, why he cannot believe in the christian doctrine of the Trinity; and he calls on us to prove the doctrine. It is im- possible to prove it. We can no more prove the existence of the Trinity, than we can prove that Lazarus was raised from the dead. It is a matter of mere affirmation in a certain book, and rests, not on it being plain, or conformable to our notions of God, but sim- ply, on the credit of those who affirm it. If those who affirm the doctrine were not deceived, and were honest men; and if the doctrine it- self be not absolutely contrary to reason and experience, (which we think all will allow it is not) why then it ought to believed. The real question is, not whether those who believe the doctrine of the Trinity can or ought to prove it; but, whether 1st, the asserters of the doctrine were honest men; and 2nd, whether they themselves were imposed upon or self deluded ? On this simple point rests the question of the Trinity, and indeed of all the miracles of both testaments. 1st. Were those who relate them honest men ? 2nd. were they themselves de ceived ? If they were either knaves or impo sed upon, they ought not to believed. But if they were men of integrity and truth, and if they were not imposed upon, nor were self-de luded, then, how strange soever the miracles they affirm to be true, and the doctrines they taught, they ought to be believed. If the Deists therefore have really a desire to confute the doctrine of the Trinity or the authenticity of the Scripture miracles, they must shew one of the above two things. All other modes of argument we reject, as being waste of time, and mere jargon. No miracles nor any divine revelation is to be seen in the present day ; christianity and judaism rest en tirely on the veracity of the authors of the Bi ble. If the writers were either fools or knaves, then God never divided the red sea, nor yet raised Lazarus from the dead, nor did Christ live again after he was crucified; and the Scriptures ought to command no other sort of veneration than the books of Homer Milton or other famous mne of genius exact of their readers. (But though the Bible were all fa ble, the genius that it exhibits, exceeds in di- vinity and strength, that of all other:books in the world, put together. We say not this as Christians, but, as judges of literature and philosophy. The morals of Confucius, Socrates, Plato, Seneca, are childishness and frivolity, compared with those of Moses and Christ; even supposing the first a mere author, and the latter a mere man.) We therefore do not feel called upon to prove (in the Deist's sense) to our manly antagonist, a single affirmation of the apostles It is sufficient for us, that all these things they relate, (the same not being contrary to reason, but in themselves highly excellent) were related by such men. It is sufficient for us, that the wri ters lived up to their principles, AND DIED FOR THEM. Indeed it would be much harder for us to believe, that such men preached lies, and blasphemy, all their lives, on purpose to be persecuted all their lives, and to die in ignominy and pain, for the sake of preaching those lies and that blasphemy, (which all De- its must believe, if they think thoroughly of the matter, which however we well know they do not), than to believe, that God condescen- ded to join the Godhead to man's nature, to be born of a virgin, to be crucified, to rise alive, and then ascend up to Heaven where he was before. The last is a prodigious thing, to be sure, as well to hear of as to be- lieve; because we never saw any thing like it in the present day. But when the circum- stances are coupled with the plan of re- demption, in which the attributes of God are implicated, and without which plan, his justice and mercy could not be made to appear by any other means that we know of, (for the earth and its contents, and the starry firma- ment, display only his power, wisdom and be nevolence—nature is silent as to the justice and mercy of God) when we consider all this, so far from wondering any longer at the miracles re corded in the two testaments, we are in a frame of mind rather to wonder there is so little to belive in ; we are to touch captivated with the grand scheme -of the redemption of man, to find it hard to believe in a few acts of Almighty power. ;. lone out of the ordinary course of nature. When once we see reason to believe, that the Almighty is personally concer ned in the plan which caused the resurrection, & all the other miracles connected with it, the whole is a matter of the easiest belief imagin able. 'Those who once obtain a deep sentimental view of the plan of redemption, can believe any thing connected with it of the miraculous kind which is not contrary to reason, God being once concerned in the plan, miracles be come nothing—mere common displays of Al mighty power—not a tenth part so wonderful as what we saw the other night, when this globe got between the sun and the moon, and cast its shadow on the moon's face. We could hardly believe this last fact, (seeing that it in cluded in it as true, all the calculations of astro- nomners, as to the size, density, position, and distances, of the two mighty masses,) though we saw it; but as to Christ raising himself, or his friend Lazarus, from the dead, these be- come small matters. There is something vast and staggering in the motions of worlds; but the little things performed by the Almighty, as recorded in the old and new testaments, are trifles of his power, and easily believed, when once a man is convinced, that it is morally im- possible that a certain man in Judea, and twelve fishermen, should preach philosophy more profound and beneficent, than all that was ever preached before or since; on purpose to be prosecuted and put to death for preach- ing it; i. e. preaching lies and blasphemy de facto, while their first' doctrine or principle was truth, and love for the God of truth. De- ists may believe these men to be liars and blas- phemers; but we, being in our sober senses, cannot believe it. 