MISCELLANEA. From two to four o'clock on a Sunday morning, in London. Here and threre a solitary being, who has been drinking, or gambling until his poickets are empty, cursing his want of resolution, and strolling towards home, alternately whispering to himself oaths at his bad fortune, and prayers against being led into future temptation. Landlords of the free-and-easy houses, walking into their parlours every quarter of an hour, entreating the company to forbear too much noise, lest the notice of the Police might be attracted. Nothing allowed but mixed liquors at this period of the morning. Saturday evening rouis beginning tq grow dull; but the company at balls just getting into the spirit of the dance. Gambling houses at.their meridian; losers growing despe- rate, and winners cautious. Pens, ink, and paper, near at hand, for drafts upon bankers, and stamps for all sums placed on the sideboard. Stakes of thousands settled by a single throw of the dice. Post obit bonds current, and acceptances at 'short dates, discounted upon moderate terms by some of' those who know how to catch flats. Watchmen fast asleep at their posts; night constables quaffing half-and-half, and playing draughts with their pri- soners. Noisy drunkards recovering their senses, and more sober peace-breakers coolly contemplating the delights of spending a Sunday in the watch-house. Tradesmen in uneasy circumstances, counting the hours, lying sleepless, full of calculations how they shall provide for their next week's payments. Police officers retnrning from their rounds about the outskirts of the metropolis, with the few known or suspicious characters, whose purses did not happen to be well enough stored to pay for a little longer escape from the fangs of justice. Burglars in full work, whilst the guardians of the night are pacing slowly along, giving notioe of their approach by their calls and their lan- thorn, so as to allow the rogues opportunity either of flight or concealment, as it may happen to suit them. Carriages beginning to assemble at the doors of fashionable parties, and footmen loudly quarrelling for precedence. Accoucheurs, who have just fallen asleep, awakened by the night-bell, and, alter much preparation, and a walk of half a mile or more, often finding that it is merely a hoax. Married couples, in the middling or lower classes, disturbed by the crying of infants, and taking it by turns to walk about the room, half dressed, to quiet them. Many old tunes rehearsed to the words, "lullaby," &c.;, and many new ones composed, intermingled with threats, and much nonsense, of whioh the child of course cannot understand one word. Vagrants lying asleep under the Piazza at Covent Garden, and in unfinished houses in different parts of the town. A solitary dame de pavé here and their prowling about, three sheets in the wind, under the hope of falling in with some inexperienced youngster, flushed with the excitements of the evening, and in a cue for any thing. Old women beginning to shake their feathers, and to arouse from their slumbers, as the first step towards preparing their temporary booths, for the corners of the streets, where they earn a daily miserable pittance, by the sale of saloop. Some who have been turned out, from even the latest houses, trudging homewards, as well as the quantity of liquor they have on board will permit them to find the way. Sundry old bachelors very quietly letting themselves into their lodgings, with the latch key. Dress-makers, who are obliged to sit up and finish mourn- ing, taking very long stitches, rubbing tbeir eyes, and wishing black work at the ---. Poor tailors, who have hid two or three hours sleep, get- ting up and lighting their fires, to finish mending for sundry customers, who must lie in bed till their clothes are sent home. About one person in every hundred throughout the metro- polis, enjoying real repose, uninterrupted either by the past, present, or future. The following singular imposture, which oc- curred in 1771. may be a novelty to those not intimate with the little incidents of half a cen- tury ago :- A woman named Sarah Wilson, who attended the Honor- able Miss Vernon, one of the maids of honor, having found her way into one of the royal apartments, broke open a cabi- net, which she rifled of several valuable jewels, and carried them off, with many other articles. The robbery was soon discovered, and the thief being detected was committed for trial, convicted, and sentenced to death. Through the in- terposition of the Queen, however, the culprit was pardoned, upon condition of being transported for life, and was accord- ingly sent to Maryland, where she was purchased by a Mr. Deval, of Bush Creek, Frederick county. But shortly after her arrival in America she contrived the means of escape, and making her way to Charlestown, South Carolina, assumed the title of Princess Susannah Caroline Matilda, giving her- self out as the sister of the Queen. The clothes she had with her favored the deception, and the more so as she still possessed some of the stolen articles, among which was a miniature of her Majesty. She gave out that her reason for seeking an asylum on the Trans-Atlantic shore was to avoid a hated marriage, into which her relations wished to force her. Strange as this tale was, and inconsistent as was the whole affair, many respectable persons believed it; and, as the im- poster had seen enough of a Court to ape its forms, she suc- ceeded admirably, being received with profound respect by many families of the first distinction. She had even tbe im- pudence to go so far as to admit persons to kiss her hand, and made large promises to those who we're credulous enough to have faith in her pretensions. Some of the gentry in the province indeed suspected the trick, and endeavoured to un- deceive their neighbours, but in vain; and it was not until her fame happening to reach her master that she was appre- hended as a runaway, that the bubble burst, to the confusion as well as loss of many of the good people of Carolina, upon whom she had freely levied contributions. Translation' of lines written by Mancroix, at eighty years of age:- Each day I live, from Heav'ns kind bounty flows, And gratelul I enjoy what Heaven bestows; To day is mine! Youth is not more secure; Nor youth nor age to-morrow can secure. A Side-board Nose.- " Where could I get this nose?" said our dear Duchess, observing a slight ten- dency, to a flush in that feature. " At the side- board, your Grace," answered Sam Rogers. How to know good Bears Grease.- If you rub a deal box with it over night, it will be converted into a hair trunk by the morning. A Hint to Noxious Animals.- A few days ago, a fox, which was caught in a stamp at Corachy, actually gnawed off its foot to gain its freedom, which it could not effect in any other way.- [An example worthy the emulation of the Westminster rats, who would doubtless be glad to es- cape from the pit which they have digged for themselves by leaving their tales behind them.) A Dandy of the Olden Days.-Smyndyrides, of Sabyris, a Greek exquisite, sailed about in his own galley with a host of cooks, fishermen, and birdcatchers. It was this person who could not sleep because a rose-leaf was double under him as he lay on his couch, and complained that the sight of a labourer making great exertion gave him the stomach ache.- [Had Smyndyrides been a member of the Governor's Administration," we should wonder at the rum- pled roseleafs disturbing his sleep; for none of these gentle- men lie on a bed of roses.] A Coincidence - the Number Three.- There are three Papists in Parliament, Lord Surrey, Lord Killeen, and Daniel O'Connell. The good of Ireland was a main ob- ject of the atrocious measure, and in the first Session, thus hallowed by three Popish senators, three millions of taxes are taken off England, and three hundred thousand a-year laid on Ireland! A hundred thousand a-year is surely too much to pay for the services of Daniel O'Connell, or any one of the trio.- Star of Brunswick Hawkers' Licenses.-- A bill is now before Parliament which, ¡f passed; will do away with Hawker's Licenses.- [We wish the people may have sense and spirit enough to do away with the licence to talk, enjoyed by many gentlemen, who, once in seven years, hawk their services about the country.) A brief but comprehensive Prayer:-- There is a remarkable couplet amongst the Greek fragments found in Plato, but which seems almost Christian in its xxx of thought. That thought was never expressed with more brevity or energy than thus:- "Ask'd and unask'd, thy blessings give, O Lord! "The evil that we pray for, from us word!" "Food for Powder." - Falstaff's ingenuity was mere boy's-play to the expedient by which Bourmont threatens to destroy Algiers. The "man inj buckram," and the scare-crow crew with which the fat knight was ashamed to march through Coventry, though they might make "food for powder," were nothing to the gallant Frenchman's inven- tion, who has carried with him a number of pasteboard figures with painted uniforms, which he (intends placing in front of his lines, to be shot at by the enemey, whilst the invading army reserves its fire or shoots from behind this novel am- buscade. Why is St. Paul's like a bird's nest? - Built by a Wren. Why are the French likely to be in the dark? - Going to extinguish the Dey. Why is the devil riding on a mouse like two words having the same meaning? - Because it is sin-on-a-mouse. Why ¡s a man in trouble like a snail? - Because he is in a hard case. Phenomena - Natural and Political. - It has been observed as "a curious circumstance," in thee natural world, that throughout the late heavy rains the barometer has been at "fair;" and, when the weather was fine for a few days it indicated "change." Such an unusual occurrence is said, in volcanic countries, to be the forerunner of earth- quakes, and other phenomena. How singularly do the ways of political men assimilate to the workings of nature! When our rulers were about to sacrifice the constitution, they spoke us "fair,"' and when they professed to be most sted- fast, they were resolved on "change." Such unlooked-for hypocrisy, like the "unusual occurance" of the barometer, was indeed the forerunner of a phenomenon as destructive to the constitution as an earthquake would be to our island, home. Lines - Reflecting upon Miss F. Kemble. Ye who declare that Fanny's kindred name, Or natal genius, wins the voice of Fame, 'Withhold your praises of so little worth, And listen to the secret of her birth. We've heard it rumour'd, as a piece of news, That Fanny's sire once flirted with the muse." If this be true, ( to cut my stanza shorter) Sure Fanny is Melpomene's own daughter. Mr. Kemble is the author of' some dramatic pieces. Ministerial Sincerity. - In last week noticing the death of the Earl of Harcourt, we observed that that event "would afford an easy test for ascertaining whether ministers were in earnest, or not in their promises of retrench- ment, as that venerable peer was in possession of some half dozen sinecures, amounting in value to something like £25,000 per annum." Before two days had passed over our heads, the Governor's official organ systematically put forth its feelers for the disposal of one of the.appointments held by the deceased Earl.- "The following promotions, it is said, fol- low upon the'death of Earl Harcourt :- Lord Hill, .to be Go- vernor of Plymouth; Sir John Ormsly Vandeleur, the 16th Dragoons; Sir Edward Kerrison, the 14th Dragoons, vice Sir J. O. Vandeleur; Lord Hill relinquishes the Governor- ship of Hull - successor not named." Has not Lord Hill enough to do at the Horse Guards? Or can no other person be found worthy to perform the laborious duties and receive the emoluments of the Governorship of Plymouth? Bishop Heber and Wilmot Horton.- The be- nevolent Indian Prelate, in a letter of condolence to Emigra- tion Horton, on the failure of one of his attempts at oratory, comp|acéntly said, "On such a subject, if you had spoken like an angel, few would have given you any great credit for it. Only think, gentle reader, of Wilmot Horton " speak- ing like an angel!" Man and Woman.- How continually, in re- tirement, and in the world, is the lesson of submission forced upon the woman. To suffer and be silent under suffering', seems the great command she has to obey; while man is allowed to wrestle with calamity, and to conquer or die in the struggle. The late Mr. Rogers's last.- Why is James Goding, in his new Sunday clothes and his best gig, likely to frighten children?- Because he is a buggy-beau. Origin of the phrase " cut your stick." - This is a naval idiom, and implies " to walk off." A sailor never starts upon a pedestrian journey without cutting a stout staff out of the first hedge on the road-side. A Legal Puzzle. - It is a matter of con- siderable surprise, not only in "the House," but in the Courts, and in the country, that His Majesty's Attorney-Ge- neral should neither have delivered his opinions, nor voted, on the Forgery Bill - now so unnaturally abandoned by its official parents and patrons. Royal Charge to the Clergy.- In 1585, when the prelates appeared in full convocation before Queen Eliza- beth, she thus emphatically addressed them -" if you, my Lords of the Clergy, do not amend, I mean to depose you - look you therefore well to your charges.'' Continental Convulsion. - We have often heard of "the puddle in a storm," but we may shortly ex- pect to see the peace of. Europe destroyed by the internal commotions of - let the earth hear and tremble! Savoy and Geneva. 'These belligerent powers have carried their dis- putes to such a height, that if things continue, as they are, a naval war must inevitably take place, and the tranquil lake of Geneva be the scene of action. "Bella! horrida Bella!" Royal Reformation.-The Princess Elizabeth of Bavaria, now Princess Royal of Prussia, has abjured the "damnable errors and doctrines" of Papal bigotry and super- stition, and embraced the Protestant faith on ascension day, in the chapel of the King's Palace. How to Renew a Lease. - If you happen to hold the last few years of a lease granted 99 years ago, at a rent of £40, of property now worth £250 per annum, invite two or three friends to assist you in making your landlord drunk when he calls for the last quarter's rent due upon the old lease; and when you find the poor dupe of your affected hospitality non compos mentis, prevail on him to sign a new undertaking, which you must have previously prepared, for 99 years, of the same premises, at the original rent of £40. If you should happen lo be a devout member of the Bible So- ciety, your moral character will ensure the success of your scheme, and then laugh at his liberality. A Modest Minister.- M. de Peyronnet, in imitation of Louis XVIII., is reported to have said lately - " My ministry has committed faults, it will repair them. It is my design in three months to be the most popular man in France."- [Setting aside the vanity of this declaration, it is pleasant to know that in other countries a minister may be found who does not disdain public opinion. The time was when we could boast of such men in England - but that time ¡s past. Saints, Slavery, and Humbug. - A Jamaica paper asserts that Messrs. Babington and Macauley "are, largely concerned in slave properties in Cuba." - (Verily, friend Zachariah, this statement touches you home. The im- maculate character of the "Saints of Sierra Leone'' needs vindication.] Intercourse with the East.- It is now ascer- tained that a passage can be made by steam from Bombay to Suez in twenty days; A passage to India is thus reduced to about seven weeks! A buff Rebuke rebuked. - When an English lady expressed some surprise how Pauline Buonaparte could sit so naked for her statue to Canova, "O, my dear Madam," said the beautiful Princess, "I had a fire in the room." The Stage at Home and. Abroad, - In Paris a first-rate actor gets £200 or £300 per annum. In London he is not satisfied unless he gets £2.000 or £3,000. The Army in Ireland.- The General Officers, commanding districts in Ireland, have been ordered by Par- liament to return an account of their pay and allowances. It is intended to reduce two of the Major-Generals under Staff in Ireland - (The reduction of two Major-Generals is but a paltry sacrifice in the exigencies of the times.) Wit for the Swinish Multitude. - Pigs are xxx to xxx a fortnight, because they go week, week, and are the only xxx a Jew may not touch. - (Such is the puny attempt at wit of one of the "new lights of literation.") Labours of the Lords.- The Upper House of the Legislature of Great Britain has been occupied for eighteen days in examining witnesses on the East Retford Bill; 700 folio-pages of the evidence have been printed, and their Lordships have, now only got through the evidence in support of the Bill, and have yet to hear the witnesses on the other side. But while their Lordships' labours were thus en- grossed, all enquiry into the state of the country or the inte- rests of the people was scouted as being only calculated to waste the public time. King's Physic.- Chamberlain, in his Angliae Notitia, says, " For the precious regard of the person of the King, by an ancient record it is declared, that no physic ought to be administered to him without good warrant; this warrant to be signed by the advice of his council. No other physicians but what are mentioned in the warrant are to ad- minister to him. The physicians to prepare all things with their own hands, and not by the hands ol any apothecary; and to use the assistance of such chirurgeons only as are pre- scribed in the warrant." Component Particles of Water.- A learned writer thus displays his chymical erudition in the elaborate definition of water, which he styles a senate molecule of hy- drogen:- "Its atomic weight is 12; its form is that of a frustular bipyramidal diodecahedron, concave on both poles, and without a solid axis. The equator is a regular hexagon; and though the matter in the centre, and on six equidistant radii, have no sensible thickness, the equator is everywhere impervious. Newly discovered Machine.- The Leeds Intel- ligencer says, " the cause of the accumulated labour of the House of Commons is not in petitions, not in private business, not in speeches of general or on particular interests; it is found to be in the cbaracter of the House itself. Parliament is a machine that does every thing by halves, and nothing per- fctly." The New Stamp Act, which has been two years in preparation, it is now said will be postponed until another Session. Evangelical Bounty.- The collection made for the Missionary Society, in Manchester, on Sunday week, amounted to £1,907.- [The good old proverb says, that " charity begins at home ," but our saints-elect think' they fulfil the benignant purposes of Providence by contributing thousands of pounds, to be squandered in the dissemination of tracts and hymns amongst barbarous Hottentots and negroes who cannot read, whilst their Christian fellow- creatures are perishing for want in their own country, and under their own eyes.] The TIMES and the Saints.-The "thun- derer" is really rude, positively personal, in his allusions to the babes of gace elect. What will they all say, from Æschylns down to our Zachariah, of such a paragraph as the following:- "The vagabonds who call themselves saints abound in Algiers. Pananti says, "It is as common for a man to call himself a saint, as for people among us to say, ' I am a smith, carpenter, lawyer, philosopher, poet, or great man.' And, like nobility in Europe, the holiness of Maho- metans passes from father to son, where the latter is res- pected equally with his father, because he possesses the same privileges, dignity, and titles.' " Said Rogers, " if Daniel, of emerald birth, Were met by the cleverest man upon earth, Pray what problematical point would it solve?" Our Knight scratched his head, but he could not resolve; In fact, 'twas beyond him. Right glad that he beat, " Why you know," rejoined Sam, " it would prove ' ex- tremes meet.' " Pugilism and the Fine Arts.- In this en- lightened and civilized country, in the nineteenth century, we are doomed to find a Sunday paper, more distinguished by its size than its wit, unblushmgly pandering to the worst pas- sions of the populace, by the publication of such an opinion as the following :- " We have no hesitation in saying that pugilism is one of the fine arts. (! !) " Ministerial Prudence. - Pitt, the greatest of all modern Statesmen, fixed the minimum of his majorities at fifty; when they fell below that number, he held himself pre- pared to resign, but " the Governor and his Administration" are not only content with a much smaller show of support, but " weather the storm" even when opposed and beaten by majorities. Desperate Attempt of Convicts to Escape.- On Monday last, some of the convicts on board the Essex hulk, stationed at Kingston, near Dublin, set fire to that vessel in three places, close to the water. The flames were fortunately suppressed, and all on board, being upwards of three hun- dred prisoners, were transmitted to the Hercules convict ship, which had only arrived in the harbour the preceding Saturday to take them to their destination. Epigram. On the appearance of Miss Winter at the Tottenham-street Theatre. Strange sights, our patent houses great and small, In histrionic rivalry display; But Tottenham-street now shows, most strange of all, A perfect Winter at Midsummer-day. Begging a profitable Trade. - Nollekens took his model of the hair for the bust of Dr. Johnson from the flowing locks of an Irish beggar, who sat to him for an hour for that purpose. When the task was finished, the sculptor offered the beggar a shilling; but the Hibernian put it back with a " God bless your honour, I could have made more by begging in the time." The Candid Woman.- When Voltaire was visited by Mademoiselle Arnault be said, " Ah, Mademoi- selle, I am 84 years of age, and have committed as many fooleries. " Quite a trifle!" replied the actress, "I am only 40, and have committed a thousand." Trifling Mistakes.- When Swift's printer, George Faulkner, was once told that "the French had taken umbrage," he hurried back to his shop, took down the Ga- zetteer, and searched very patiently for a topographical de- scription of the place. The other day, a countryman reading in the bulletin, at Plymouth, that "the King slept at inter- vals," asked a gentleman who was passing by, " where In- tervals was ?'" " Why, near Windsor to be sure," was the reply. "Oh, thank ye Sir," said the bumpkin, "I wasn't exactly sure whereabouts it might be." Irresistible Inducement.-The Cemetery Com- pany, with a view of inviting customers, announces that per- sons, subscribing before a particular day, shall " be entitled to tickets of precedence." Junius.- Old " Stat nominus umbra" seems doomed to walk the earth, a perturbed spirit, till that his political offences are " burned und purged away." A dis- covery is said to have been lately made at Stowe, which fixes the authorship of the " Letters of Junius" upon a person hitherto unsuspected.- [Will no one, in mercy to mankind, reveal the mystery, or charitably lay the poor ghost?] Parochial Education.- The following notice was posted in a village near Blackburn, and signed by the churchwardens .- "Notis is Hearby given to be lett by Ti- cate at the * * * on Friday, the 4th day of June, 1830-. Painting of the Pewes in -------- Church inside and out. Reeding Desk and Pulpit Varnishing the ten commandments Oiling and fixing upp."- [If the parish authorities be thus " deficient in nothing, out words, sentences, and grammar," who can doubt that the " spread of knowledge" has been successfully exhibited amongst the lower orders !" Official Lamp.~An ingenious mechanic of Hull has invented a small lamp, which may be attached to spectacles of a particular description, by which any person may read in the darkest night, and the only light visible is on the part of the book that is read.- [We have long wondered how certain Members of Administration could so frequently overlook important items in public accounts - witness G. R.. Dawson and Goulburn on estimate nights; but now we won- der no longer. This lamp must be in general official use; and by the light the gentlemen see only such parts of the details as suit their convenience or their purpose.) Exquisite Writing. - An Exeter paper, in alluding to a swarm of bees, calls it a multitudinous swarm. 