" STAND FROM UNDER." We were on board a sIave ship, bound to the coast of Africa. I had my misgivings about the business ; and I believe others had them too. We had passed the Straits of Gibraltar, and were lying of Barbary, one clear bright evening, when it came to my turn to take the helm. The ship was becalmed, and every thing around was silent as the day after the deluge. The wide monotony of water, varied only by the glancing of the moon on the crests of the waves, made me think the old fables of Neptune were true ; and that Amphitrite and her Naiads were sporting on the surface of the ocean, with .seam.ounts. in their hair. These fancies were followed by thoughts of my wife, my chi- dren and my home ; and all were oddly enough jumbled together in a delicious state of approaching slumber. Suddenly I heard high above my head a loud, deep, terrible voice call out " stand from under !" I started to my feet— it was the customary signal when any thing was to be thrown from the shrouds, and mechanically l sung out the usual answer, " let go !" But nothing came —I looked up in the shrouds—there was nothing there — I searched the deck ---and found that I was alone ! I tried to think it was a dream---but that sound, so deep, so dreadful, rung in my ears, like the bursting of a cannon ! The sailors all jeered at me; and I, ashamed of my alarm, was glad to be silent. The next night, Dick Burton took the helm. Dick had nerves like an ox and sinews like a whale ; it was little he feared on the earth, or beneath it. The clock struck one— Dick was leaning his head on the helm. as he said, thinking of me or my story, —when that awful voice again called from the shrouds, " stand from under !" Dick darted for- ward like an Indian arrow, which they say goes through and through a buffalo, and wings on its way, as if it had not left death in the rear. It was an instant or more, before he found presence of mind to call out " let go !" Again nothing was seen, — nothing was heard. Ten nights in succession, at one o'clock, the same unearthly sound rung through the air, making our stoutest sailors quail, as if a bullet-shot had gone through their brains,. At last the crew grew pale when it was spoken of ; and the worst of us never went to sleep without saying our prayers. For myself, I would have been chained to the oar all my life, to have got out of that vessel. But there we were in the vast solitude of the ocean ; and this invisible being was with us ; no one put a bold face upon the matter, but Antonio, the Spaniard. he laughed at our fears, and defied Satan himself to terrify him. However, when it came his turn to the helm, he refused to go. Several times under the pretence of illness, he was excused from a duty which all aboard dreaded. But at last, the Captain ordered Antonio to receive a sound dozen lashes every night, until he should consent to perform his share of the unwelcome office. For a while this was borne patiently ; but at length he called out, " I may as well die one way us another—- give me over to the ghost !" That night Antonio kept watch on dock— few of the crew slept ; for expectation and alarm had stretched our nerves upon the rack. At one o'clock, the voice called, 'stand from under !' " let go !" screamed the Spaniard. This was answered by a shriek of laughter, and such laugh- ter, it seemed as if the fiends answered each other from pole to pole, and the bass was howled in hell ! Then came a sudden crash upon the deck, as if our masts and spars had fallen. We all rushed to the spot — and there was a cold, stiff, gi- gantic corpse. The Spaniard said it was thrown from the shrouds ; and when he looked on it he ground his teeth like a madman. " I know him," exclaimed he, " I stabbed him within an hour's sail of Cuba, and drank his blood for breakfast !" We all stood aghast at the monster. In fearful whispers we asked what should be done with the body. Finaliy, we agreed that the terrible sight must be removed from us, and hidden in the depths of the sea. Four of us attempted to raise it ; but human strength was of no avail — we might us well have tugged at Atlas. — There it lay, still, rigid, heavy, and as immoveable as if it formed a part of the vessel. — The Spaniard was furious : ' let me lift him' said he, " I lifted him once and can do it again, I'll teach him what it is to come and trouble me." He look the body round the waist, and attempted to move it. Slowly and heavily the corpse raised itself up; its ray less eyes opened ; its rigid arms stretched out, and clasped its victim in a close death-grapple— and rolling over to the side of the ship, they tottered an instant over the waters — then with a loud plunge they sunk together. Again that laugh,— that wild shrieking laugh,— was heard on the winds. The sailors bowed their heads, and put up their hands to shut out the appalling sound, I took the helm more than once after ; but we never again heard from the shrouds that thunder- ing sound, " stand from under !" The Ministers have declared it to be their intention to recommend to Parliament the repeal of the absurd laws, prohibiting the growth of to- bacco in Great Britain. Let the existing duties be diminished but one half in favour of tobacco grown in British Colonies, and the United Slates trade in this article must gradually decline. It is well observed by The Times, — " England may as well let the United States of America grow our potatoes and cabbages, at three times their present cost, besides finding employment for their agriculturists, merchants, and merchant ships, as leave the trade in its present state." Mr. O^Connell's motion of a Bill, to enact that the publication of truths shall not be consti- tuted, or deemed to be a libel, and Mr. Brougham's, of reform in the administration of the law, were both set down for April 29, with Sir J, Graham's address for accounts of all salaries, profits, pay, fees, and emoluments, civil or military, from 5th January, 1829, to 5th January, 1830, enjoyed by each of the Members of the Privy Council ; and on May 4, Lord Morpeth's Bill, to repeal so much of 6 Geo. 3, chap. 8, as subjects persons upon a second conviction for libel to banishment : Mr 0'Connel's Bill to render marriages valid, when performed by Catholic Clergymen, to abolish cer- tain penalties imposed on Catholic Priests for such performances : Mr. Wilmot Horton's, to enable parlshes to mortgage their rates for the permanent provision of their poor, whether at home or abroad. May 6, Mr. O'Connell's Bill to effect a radical reform in the representation of the people in the House of Commons. May 25, Mr. Leo- nard's Bill to repeal 3 and 4 clauses of 10 Geo. 2, chap. 2 , which empowers the Lord Chamberlain to prohibit the acting of any new play or enter- tainment upon the stage ; and M. Labouchere's, statement on the state of the judenture, and Le- gislative Councils of Upper and Lower Canada. Miss Adolphine Booth, the sole surviving sister of five, whose tragical story we have before alluded to, has got married. Two of the sisters terminated their existence not long ago, in a sin- ular way — one encircling a shawl round the waist of the other and her own, both plunged to- gether into the lake of Geneva. The remaining three followed this sisterly example out of a boat off Greenwich hospital. One sunk to an untimely grave ; two were with some, difficulty prevented by the boatman, but one died subsequently, by an over-dose of laudanum. News of these fatal freaks reaching Hanover, captivated a gentleman of high rank and considerable wealth. He has closed the tragic scene, by leading the fair sur- vivor to the Hymnal Altar. Prince Leopold, does not appear, had not yet assumed the Sovereignty of Greece. His throne is not likely to be a very steady one. One at least of the great powers of Europe will have to main- tain that crown, which it has been so zealous in thrusting upon his head. 