S7DN27 OASSETÏE KEW SOUTH WALES ADVERTISER. SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1ÍIS0. Tho GovERNon left Sydney for Parramatta on Thursday afternoon, the family having gone thither previously for the benefit of ehango of air. By the Mermaid we have received our London papers to the end of Novem- ber, but they are not of much use, having been previously furnished with intelli- gence some weeks later. ' Our Agent mentions that there was an unusual dearth of news in the metro Iíb, and throughout England : the only information he gives is, that the Caroline merchant-ship was to sail in a few days for Sydney direct, and.that it was " very cold." The dulness of the times is suf ficiently apparent from the contents of the newspapers, for we really never found them so destitute of interest. The, opening of Parliament, however, would thaw the ice, and cause the channels of news again to flow with plenty and va- riety. " On the arrival of the Mermaid, it was reported she had disease on board, and that disease the much-dreaded small- pox. She was consequently placed in quarantine, but on the inspection of a medical board it waB discovered that she was in a perfectly hoalthy state, only two cases of the small-pox having occurred, and so long back as while she was in the British Channel : she was consequently released on Thursday evening. This rumour filled tho town with dismay, which was in no small degree heightened by another on dit which went along with it, viz. that there was absolutely no vac- cine matter in any part of the Colony. Australian Literature.-Two useful works aro now in the press, and will bo speedily published. One is from the pen of Mr. James Busby, on the subject of the vine, but far more concise and practical than the treatise he pub- lished in 1825, which was written prin- cipally while on his passago from Eng- land, and before he had seen the Colony. Tho knowledge of our soil and climate, and general peculiarities, which ho has since acquired, qualifies him for a more successful execution of such a work, and we have no doubt the forthcoming publi- cation will be found a very useful manual for those who would produce the bever- age which " cheereth God and man." While adverting to the vine, we mention with pleasure, that by one of the late arrivals a gentleman of the name of Pilcher has come out, with the express intention of cultivating the grape and making wine on an extensive scale. He is highly respectable, and by tours upon the continent, and a careful observation of the various modes in which vineyards and the manufacture of wine aro con- ducted there, has collected, a practical as well as scientific knowledge of the gub ject. And it is a singular coincidence, that about the very day on which Mr. Busby agreed with onr office for the printing of his new work, Mr. Pilcher tendered a manuscript on the samo topic, being an ample translation from the French of the celebrated Chaptal ; but fearing tho Colony would not be able to remunerate two writers at the same time, we recommended Mr. Pilcher, to post- pone his publication to a more convenient season. ' The second work about to issue from the press of the Gazette-Office, is en- titled ' Hints for the Preservation of the Teeth. By Henry Jeanneret, M.D. &c.; &c.; Surgeon and Dentist.' The table of contents is as follows: " Dedication. -Preface. -Introduction. - Teeth- ing; order of protrusion ; effects upon the consti- tution ; remedies. -Shedding of the teeth. -General rules for the preservation of the teeth ; scaling; dentifrices ; deficiency of enamel. -Diseases of the teeth. -Decay of the teeth ; stopping with metal, &c.; ; filing; excision; extraction. -Toothache : re- medies. -Irregularities and looseness of the teeth. Diseases of the gums : gum-boils ; sponginess ; tumours. -Artificial teeth and palates." It is a well-known fact, that the teeth of Europeans very generally begin to decay after a few years' residence in this Co- lony, and a work that should instruct the inhabitants in the art of counteracting the causes of this misfortune, has long been a desideratum. Dr. Jeanneret is, we un- derstand, a completely educated Dentist, and may be presumed to be fully qualified for the work he has undertaken. His 'Hints' possess one excellence which will greatly contribute to their usefulness-they are unencumbered with scientific refinements and technicalities of phrase ; addressed exclusively to the people, they will be found intelligible by the most illiterate ; and being purely practical, they promise to contribute much to the comfort of John Bull's mastication. To those who are duly impressed with the importance of that serious portion of the day's busi- ness, -dinner, -Dr. Jeanneret's pamph- let will be a most acceptable offering : for, when the teeth have eloped from their sockets, or refused to perform their wonted office, -what becomes of the charms of the dinner-hour ? Alas for the toothless gourmand ! What can sur- pass his torments, when the reeking sir- loin, the plump turkey, and other old and well-beloved acquaintances, stand smoking before him, regaling his nostrils, and mocking him with their impracti- cable invitations ! Whoever would shun this diurnal agony, should digest Dr. Jeanneret's advice. The subjoined extract from the ' Dedi- cation' will show that simplicity has been studied throughout the work : " My only object being to furnish such general information as I conceive will prove useful, which will sufficiently appear from the size and price of the work, I should think that further no one has a right to demand from me any thing respecting it. " Had I contemplated the gratifying my pride, the subject would have been treated in a more scien- tific manner, references would have been made to the opinions of eminent men, the work would have been more extended ; but then the price must have been higher. Thus I might have placed myself in a more gratifying position as an author, and it would have better accorded with my own feelings to pro- claim my pretentions, and the Public also would have had a stronger right to question their founda- tion. But in this case only professional men, or the learned, would have been my readers, and thus would the general usefulness of these few remarks have been lost to the community at large." We shall for the present dismiss Dr. J. with the following extract from his ' Preface' : " It has been generally remarked, that the de- scendants of Europeans who have emigrated to pre- viously uncultivated countries, for the purposes of colonization, have undergone a considerable altera- tion in constitution, which is perceptible in a change of the colour and texture of the skin, hair, and eyes, and in a defective formation and rapid decay of the teeth. Various causes have been assigned for this imperfection in one of the essential organs of the body, but I believe no satisfactory explana- tion has hitherto been offered, nor does any mode of prevention appear to have been successfully pur- sued." Our intelligent correspondent has again resumed his ablo Agricultural Re- ports, and the present numher, which will be found in another column, is more than usually interesting, from the accurate ac- count it gives of the late inundations oí the Hawkesbury, and of their immediate and prospective effects upon the agricul- ture of the district. Rus somewhat surprises us with the in- formation that the dollar currency is still all the go with the up-country folk. In Sydney it has been long dead and bu- ried, and it is only now and then that we see its ghost. Miss Latirá must not be angry at his exposure of her imperfect philosophy, as it is done with a good motive, and in a manner quite consistent with the gal- lantry due to her sex. No wonder she should have fallen into error, for after all the light which men of science have endeavoured to throw on light, it still remains greatly in the dark, and forms one of those mysteries in the field of creation on which it is more easy to theorise than to reason. Our Correspondent has kindly "pro- mised a continuance of his valuable monthly contribution. The Benevolent Society.-After about ton years' gratuitous labour as sur- geon to the Benevolent Society, Dr. Bland has at length found it necessary lo diminish his toil by the appointment of colleagues ; and the Committee, with the Doctor's concurrence, have accepted the honorary services of Drs. Foster, Fattiaroni, and Jeanneret, who, with Dr. Bland, will in future perform tho duties in rotation. ? Considering the valuable services which this gentleman has rendered to the institution for so long a period, and the vast pecuniary sacri- fices he must have made by furnishing, for a number of years, all tho medicine used by the patients at his own cost, the least the Society can do is to appoint bim a life-inember. If this privilego is con- sidered earned by a subscriber of 80 guineas in one year, and by a minister raising, hy one or moïe collection-ser- mons, the sum of £30, how much more by'one who basin point of fact been long subscribing to the amount of hundreds per annum ? We hope a motion to this effect will be made at tho ensuing anni- versary meeting, and we are sure it will be carried by acclamation. BHunman Wool.-The following extract of a letter just received by the Mermaid, ad- dressed by Messrs. Donaldson, Wilkin- son, and Co. to a gentleman in this Co- lony, has been kindly put into our hands ', and we have the more pleasure in lurking its contents known, having always so warmly advocated the c.iuse of that valu- able export for which our climate and soil arc so -admirably [adapted-line wool. MessriV D. W. and Co.'certainly de- serve the thanks of our sheep-breeders, and indeed [of our community "at large, for their unremitting exertions in the furtherance of the best interests of this our Country. London, S')rh November, JP.59. " Tho wools, tim principal part of which under- went your personal inspection, were brought to sale on the 23d instant, and we have every reason to con- gratulate our friends that we detremined to post- pone the sale till that period, as the revival of business which we thought wo foresuw, has been fully realized. "" We havo the pleasure to send you accompanying a catalogue of the sale, and as you weio fully qwnre of tho qualities and condition of each consignment, we shall only îemark that it furnishes another proof of the still increasing estimation in which the staple of Australian wool is held, and affords every en- couragement to the wool growers of New Soutli Wales, to peisevore in improving their fleeces by ju- dicious crossing ; by properly assorting it ; and es- pecially by attending to the length us well as to the fineness of tho"staple." Bauiwmum liming Among the advertisements will be found a prospectus for the disposal of the Royal Hotel premises, oil the Tontine principle. This word is derived from Tonti, the name of the Italian who is said to have first formed the scheme of life annuities. Mr. Levey is lucky in < having hit upon the thoughtof thus trans- ferring his hugev establishment,'on which he cannot have expended less than the sum he mentions (£10,000), and of which he could not by any other means have effected a fair sale. We understand he has already obtained a respectable num- ber of subscribers, the name of John Macarthur, lisq. M. C. standing first upon tho list ; and though this guitloniau has been rather angry with us, ve will say that in thus assisting an entertain? and unfortunate fcllow-citizan, h, ilas raised himself in our opinion. "What- ever may be thought of Mr. Levees adventure, or if you will, temority, 'u rearing this stupendous structure, wit» its proud windmill- turret, every one must compassionate the losses in which it has involved him ; and wo trust tho sympathy of the public, coupled with the advanta- ges held out by tho prospectus, will cause the two hundred shares to bo speedily bought up. Mmm ullin»-ni um« A pamphlet intituled, " A letter to Viscount Sidmouth, Secretary of State for the Home Department, on the Transporta- tion Laws, the State of the Hulks, and of the Colohies in New South Wales, by the Hon. Grey Bennett M. P." published ¡n the year 1819, has lately fallen info our hands ; and, as it contains Some very in- teresting information with respect to the state of this Colony in " times gone by," we purpose, occasionally, lo make a few extracts from its pages, accompanied by such observations as wo may think neces- sary. The great object of the writer ap- pears to be, to show that the system o* transportation to New South Wales is inadequate to the end of all human pun ishments-reformation by example-and to recommend the establishment of peni tentiarys at home on the plan of that at Milbank, or in conformity with the system submitted, at the requisition of the Bri. tish government, by Mr. Bentham. Of the arguments used by Mr. Bennet wc shall take notice in a future stage of our remarks; but, speaking generally, we will just observe, that he is very fur from having, as the lawyers say, " made out his case." We fully agree with the Hon. gentleman, that the practice of re- taining prisoners (particularly females) sentenced to transportation, in the prisons or hulks in England for any very great length of time after their conviction, is an extremely injudicious measure, where the necessity for it can possibly be obvia- ted. The consequences are so apparent I as to require little comment in addition to that which the writer has made in îhc following extract. Speaking of the hulks Mr. Bennet says, " To these different establishments the convicts from all parts of the kingdom aro sent ; the length of time they remain in their respective prisons after sentence, and before their removal to the bulka, va- ries in different places, aud'at different times. At present nona of the flagrant abuses which usod to exist upon this subject aro likely again to recur, as a great anxiety is manifested by the gaolers aud magistrates to get rid of the prisoners after convic- tion, and I believe no greater delay has rocently occurred, than perhaps is absolutely necessarv. Ac- commodation is not always to be found on board the hulks, the influx of prisoners being great, and a con- siderable interval of time sometimes olapsés between the sentence of transportation, and its being cnined into effect. As far then as tho males are concerned, there is now not much to complain of as to delay; but as the females are generally moved only onie a year, it happens that thoy aro kept in their prisuns a considerable time after they are convicted. 1 have known instances where women have been detained several years in prison before the sentence of tho law was inflicted on them. In a list which 1 have now lying before me, which is a rotur i to the House of Commons, 6 women who wero sentenced to 7 years' transportation in 1810, weie not sent out of the country till 1812, and ono not till 1814, to /that this last on her arrival would have suffered more than half of her punishment ; of those who' were transported in 1814 under a sen- tence of 7 years, 4 had beon sentenced in 1811,. andüö in 1812, 'lho hardship of tins mode of car- rying the law into execution will appear moro obvi- ous, when I discuss the impossibility of the wonion who are thus at a great expense s><>nt abroad, ever returning home at the expiration of their period of punishment. At present it is essential to consider the nature of the prisons themselves in which they are confined. It is not necessary to enter into any minuto detail of the customary neglect, the bodilv suffering, the moral corruption which are the'usual lot of those who are committed to the far greater part of our prisons ; indeed the very few exceptions tobe found to this general rulo, make it quite un- necessary to suppose otherwise than these miseries are constantly suffered." This, doubtless, is a pregnant source of moral evil, and considerably aug- ments the sum of profligacy annually exported to New South Wales ; but still it' is no argument against the principle on which the punishment of transportation wa3 originally devised. The Penitentiary maybe, and we be- lieve is,, more salutary in its effects than Newgate, or the various criminal gaols throughout Great Britain ; but this ad- mission by no means disturbs the posi- tion which we will hereafter endeavour to maintain, that for olfeuders of a par- ticular age and character, whether male or female, transportation holds out the surest hope . of a radical reformation of character. On this subject, however we shall observe more fully at another oppor- tunity :- for the present we shall confine ourselves to some of the introductory " Averments" in Mr. Bennet's " Decla-i ration," whick, though we admit them to be completely substantiated by the evidence he has adduced, do not at all bear upon the main object of his work, which is evidently designed to prove, the punishment-of transportation is not of equal efficacy with Ihe discipline of a 'Penitentiary like that at Milbank, in working the same degree of reform in the moral principles of those who are sub- jected to it. " Tlieie is hore no classification that can bo so railed, nor indeed, is it possible to havo any, in such l.irgo societies, but tho'young und tho old, tho boy null the man, the folon, desottur, rioter, poaohur and big.imist, are all associated together. This is tho luiilniffdefect; many parts of tho system, howuvor, aro |.'ood ; instances can bo shewn of'convicts writing und reading well, who, when they carno on board did not know a letter. The reward given to good conduct, hy the discharge of a cortain iminbar uvory quarter who have served out half their terms, 1ms ¡noducod tho best effects ; there are, however, somo objections to this rule, for as no proportion is kept ni our law between punishments and crimes, tho ¡urceil labour on board the hulks for half tho term of tlie MMitunca is too much for somo offences und too hain lor others, even though the conduct of the criminal may have hoon regular and orderly during the terni of his uonfiiiemont. Notwithstanding all id it is advanced to the contrary, 1 do not credit that many examples of reformation can bo cited. Who indeed that htw over seen a hulk, will boliovo that tlip- condemned to labour in publie, exposed to tho gaze ind culicism of all around thom ; soil-debasement end tho lo-is of personal prido, and tho despair of exposed and pioclaimed guilt, mo not insttuineiits to \\\ ork nioial reform." ' Again, the writer continues : " Whoever lins visited one of those placoa twice, iniist havo observed the rapid chango ('or the worse iIhtted in the oxternal manners and look of tho iniitlifiil convict. After ho has boon subjected to this discipline for como months, there is a hardenod lierco demeanour, a furious cost of countenance, cxpiossivo of bad passioiis and suppressed rage, winch uio only to bo found in prisons of this do «uptinn and in lunatic asylums ;-this dreadful look, to bo seen universally in the Presidii of Na- ntes and Spain, in the galleys of France, and the ¡miks of F.ngland, of itself speaks volumes. Con tnwt it with what is visible at the Penitentiary and lim Refuge for tho Destitute, and no difficulty will miso in distinguishing botwoen two systems of j imibhment, tim ono which violates the best fool nifs with which God endowed mankind, the othor «Inch uses these vory feelings as the means of mo- ral cure." Wc fully admit the force of this reason- ing, as far as it goes ; but what is, in fact, the extent of it ? Why this ; that the sys- tem adopted at the penitentiaries is better calculated to work a moral reform, than that which, by continually exposing the criminal to the notice of his fellow man, engenders a self-debasement and los.? of personal pride which are so completely opposed to every expectation of reforma- tion. We grant all this, but we once moro enquire what bearing it has upon the winter's main argument? Wo admit that separate confinement, and as far as possible, separate labour, is better than a system of discipline the principal relax- ation from which is listening to tales of successful robbery, in which, it is said, .here is a charm unknown to those who ],a\ e not had the good fortune to be in the situation of the relators. But, we ask, how is this evil to be so effectually rooted out as by the removal of the con xicts altogether from the scenes of their quilty courses? Admitting the peniten- tiary system, to which malo and female «onvicts arc subjected for a time, and then turned loose upon society once more, to be efficacious in reclaiming some few individuals, the particular good achieved cannot be placed in competition with the general advantage dsrivable to tho Mo- ther Country from the positive abstrac- tion, annually, of numbers, not one in every thousand of which, in all probabi- lity, may ever return. Here, then, is one and not the least beneficial, of tho ad \antage6of the transportation laws. Here is certainty instead of speculation, in ono most important object; and, with respect to the (we admit) most important tjucation connected with this subject, namely, the ultimate reformation of the offender, it will hardly be denied by those who have had an opportunity of observing, that the stimulus to complete reformation is much greater in New South Wales, with respect to those in uhom moral feeling is not completely nlinct, than can possibly be afforded in any English penitentiary. This, how «cr, brings us to that portion of Mr. liennet's pamphlet, which it is our inten- tion more particularly to notice,-namely, tlie objects and results,of the punish- ment of transportation. It is an im- portant subject, but as it will afford an opportunity for an interesting and in- ductive contrast between " Times gone ;."" mid " Times present;" ai.d as we "«" very nearly exceeded our limits, «'-''.hall for the present break oír, and '»'Miine our observations at an early op I'flitunity. We should state however, .lough we dissent from the inferences "'??un by Mr. Bennet from his personal '"^tig.uions, lliat we are far from ques l,'0!»'!» the philanthropy of his motives. '"e «amos of Bennett, Buxton, and 11 bet force, will descend to posterity J'1» thal of Howard, as men who have J'"«»ii ed to improve the condition of the J«iu:m family, and whose fame will in ye.be progressively with the moral im il"i«L'mcnt of the British nation. Chief Justice Forbes left town on Thursday afternoon for Eden Glassie, his estate near Emu Plains, where he intends to rusticate for a few days, in quest of health and spirits for the ap proaching campaign in the Supreme Court. We hope jlis jjonor may so far CUÏ a,S l0 be able to hokl o«tt0 the end of the battle. ' One of the officers of the detachment of the 17th regiment brought out by the Mermaid, is the Honourable Cecil Gordon, eighth son of the Earl of Aboyne, Baron GORDON of Glenli vet and Strathaven, and Baron Mel drum, of Morven, in the county of Aberdeen. The older brother is Lord Strathaven, Memberof Parliament for East Grinstcad ; and the third, the Ho- nourable George Gordon, is member for the county of Aberdeen. One of the sisters was married in 1814, to the youngest son of Lord George Cavendish. These particulars we derive from De brett's Peerage, where we also learn, that the ancestor of this branch of the family of Gordon was George, second Mar- quess of Huntley, one of whose sons, Charles, having highly manifested his loyalty to King Charles I, in the time of the civil war, as also to Charles II. during the usurpation, was, in recom- pense of those services, raised to the dignity of Earl of Aboyne, in the year 1661. The 17th regiment is ordered for New South Wales. The detachments which have hitherto arrived are all sta- tioned at Parramatta. The Blacks have become so outrage- ous in Van Diemen's Land, that the au- thorities have found it necessary to re- sort to, very decisivo measures, and one of the expedienls hit upon is, to send down a body of tho Blacks of this coun- try, who, it is thought, may be useful in tracking the course of their predatory neighbours. A party of the Moreton Bay natives aro now in Sydney, com- fortably clothed in blankets, and pre- paring for their novel expedition. The Archdeacon, during his stay at the Derwent, exerted himself to the utmost in endeavouring ,to institute plans for the amelioration'of those wretched beings, and it was these labours that detained him so much longer than he intended, that the trip to New Zoaland was neces- sarily abandoned. The Rev. Mr. Yate will to-morrow preach two Bannons in St. John's Church, Parra- matta, in behalf of tho Church Missionary Society, for which collections -will bo made. We understand it is the Ho v.-gentleman's intention to make a simi- lar appeal to tho congregations of Sydney. The Mr. Dutton whom we mentioned some time ago, as coming out to take charge of the agricultural concerns of Mr. Riley, has lately arrived, and entered upon his duties. He is looked upon as a valuable acquisition to the interests of our fleece, having a thorough knowledge of its system of management on the continent. He resided for some years in Germany. A young man who formerly held some respectable situations in the Colony, and lately in the employ of Mr. Shipman, the butcher in Pitt street, as clerk; was fully committed for trial, on Thursday last, for embezzling the sum of thirty- two pounds oelonging to his employer. It appears that ho was sent to tho Bank of Australia with ti'check for ¿£30, and, two ¿¿1 'notes, which sums he was directed to deposit to the ciedit of Air. Shipman ; but, instead of so doing, he demanded and leceived tlie amount of the check, and was not afterwards heard of by his employer till he ""wai taken into tho custody of the poiice. "vSy one of Air. Peel's Acte, an offence which wus formerly embezzlement, when committed by a clerk, is now made felony. We are credibly informed, that gam- ing houses aro not at a 1 rare in Sydney ; and that at one liouso in particular, which has boen pointed out to us, but which, at prosetit, we shall merely state to he in George-street, laruo sums aro every night staked on various games of hazard. The po- lice should look to this, as there are evils enough, in all conscience, to contend with in this commu- nity, without tolerating gambling tables. On Wednesday last, a man named Williams, lately employed as cook to tho mess of the 57th regt, was fully committed for trial, under Lord Ellenborough's Act, for stabbing a person named Claren, in Cumberland-street. It appeared that the prisoner came up to Claren, who was stand- ing at tho door of bia own residence, in conversa- tion with his wife, and without any apparent provocation," stabbed him in the side with some sharp instrument, and immediately ran to the mili- tary barracks where ho surrendered himself prisoner, exclaiming that ho had committed murder. A man named Fogarty, an assigned servant to Mr. Wilshire of George-street, met a labouring man, a few days 'ago, near the residence of his master, and some words ensuing, stabbed him so severely with a knife that ho is not expected to live. Somo quarrel of old standing appears to havo been the cause of this outiago. .Fogarty has been committed to take his trial for the offence". Persons who have assigned servants should be aware, that by tho late Act for prevent- ing bushranging and house robbery, they aro liable to a penalty for not giving information to tho police, in tho ovont of a servant absconding from their em- ployment, within twenty-four hours after his ab- sence is discovered. This is a very neceosary pro- vision, and we hope the police will see that it is strictly enforced. Corinth Grape.-It is stated, in a lettor from "Marseilles, that most of the Corinth grape (currant^ trees, of which twelve thousand were received in April last, aro now in a thriving state in the different departments in which (hey were distributed j and that no doubt is entertaii.ed that the Corinth vine will produce abundantly in tho south of France. We understand that it is in-" tended to try this* vine iu the new colony at Swan Uiver. The Nereus and John Still whalers are now ready for sea, and will sail immediately for the sperm fishery. Several other vessels are also fitting out for the same profitable speculation. Mr. Gurney, the celebrated engineer, after a series of attempts, has at length succeeded in completing a steam-coach, which now travels at the rate of nearly eighteen miles an hour, between London and Bath. The machinery by which the carriage is propelled is altogether apart from the vehicle. It is, in fact, in the nature of a steam horse, to which the carriage is attached by iron traces. Mr. Staples, we understand, is mak- ing a good thing of the black whale fishery which he has commenced at Two-fold bay. The little cutter, Fairy, sailed a day or two ago, with stores and im- plements for the use of the establishment. It is somewhat singular that when the Sydney Toll-gate was attacked, some short time since, the entire of the Toll-gate keeper's money was de- posited under a hearth in the gate-house. The sum of money said to be deposited in this cavity was upwards of two hundred pounds. Loss of weight in cooking Meat. -Wo recommend to all our economical friends the result of a thrifty housekeeper's experience in this matter, and congratulate the lovers of old English roast beef, that they may gratify their laudable pre- dilection-and save many an honest penny atone and the same meal. ;". lb. oz. of beef lose by boiling' ,'. 1 0 .. do.roasting ,._. ._,..... 1 5 ., do. 'baking .'.'.1 3 .. mutton- : :: ."boiling".'^."..... 0 14, .. do.roasting .a. 1 o' .. do. ...... balcifig 'vi. 1 4 / WewiH only add, that tl'ô--députées to boiled mutton and turnips aro evidently- first-rate econo- mists !-Literary Gaiette. : 4lbs. 4 4 4 - 4 . 4. t . ' The Sy-pne'y 'Market.--There Vfas, B a plentiful supply of wheat in tho market on Thura . day last. Maize was also very abundant. Vegetables f aro becoming choapor, and some arrivals from Vani '* Diemen's Land, which aro daily oxpoctod, will have \- th6 offootjof reducing tim price of potntoos, .whioh _ are nt proscrit rathar high. ,f There is asevero punishment dealt out i by th« Sydney Bonah of Magistrates, toward fluoh offenders as aro dotoriniliod to violate the regula- tions in force, for tho gonoral good government and management of tho Iiydo Park Barrack Establish r munt. Hucont occurroiicos huvo brought to light a practice, of the frequency of which there is little doubt, namely, tho salo of liquors within the walls. t This description of dealing is reported to bo ex- tensively curried on, hut it is to bo hoped that tho smart ot fifty lashes will bo a sufficient check against £ a repetition of such nets. Several firkins of butter woro pur ' chased the other day, at public auction, by Mr. S. Ayton, of George-street, at the astonishing low rato ot fourpunce-lmlfponny per pound. His somowhat S surprising, that twolvo months since tho sumo do p scriptiou of butter, from the same maker, brought in tho markot us much us '2s. 3d. per pound. As we anticipated, the government has afforded very great assistance to tho Director of a public works in tho way of hands, to repair tho p streots. The streets aro certainly in bad ordor, but wo aro pleased to observo that thoy bid fair to be put into a speedy state of nmendmont. Costloreagh streee and Pitt-street, although men havo boon em- ployed only a day or two in the prosocution of this work, are vory much improved already. An eccentric character who is well known hy tho old inhabitants of Sydney, named Horner, his old acquaintances stylo him " Billy Horner," is now a lunatic and confined in a Mad- house, The unfortunate man it appears was lately at tim housoof Mr. Clegg, thepublicau, on the Livorpool i road, whoro ho mad» two attempts to destroy him- self by diowning. This man, wo aro told, was once in opulent circumstances in Sydnoy. Ho hold for many years a licensed houso, we believe, in Kent street. POLICE OFFICE, BRINGELLY. The King v. Hart. On Tuesday last, Mr. Thomas Henry Hart, of Pitt-street, accompanied by Mr. Shehy, his Solicitor, attended for the second time before the Bench of Magistrates at Bringelly, in obedience to a summons, charging him with having bartered for labour quantities of wine and beer to his Govern- ment men on his farm at Copbally, contrary to the provisions of the Act of Council in that case made and provided. Two sets of informations were filed against Mr. Hart, and after the case for the prosecution had been closed, Mr. Shehy made some ingenious objections in point of law to the informations, in which the Bench concurred, and being of opinion that there were some irregularities in the information, to the extent pointed out hy Mr. Shehy, and likewise the evidence being defectivo, they were pleased to dismiss the charge. This is the second visit Mr. Hart had to pay to Bringelly, at considerable ex pence and inconvenience. 1 Ireland.-Dr. Doyle has published a pastoral address to tho inhabitants of Maryborough, in the Queen's County, on tho subject of secret so cctius, and the administration of unlawful oaths. The addiess evinces throughout an earnest desire to assist tho government in tranquillizing Ireland ; and from the influence! which Dr.' Doyle possesses over the people, it cannot bo oxpoctod entirely to fail of its effect. Ile thus describes tho association he de- nounces:-" Throughout the division of your coun- try which extends from Castlocomer to Mountrath, including seven or eight parishes of theso dioocsos, and somo others of the adjoining diocese of Ossory, there exists a secret association, drawn together ibr purposes scarcoly known to those who compese it, and having iio specific object that I cm ascertain, unless it bo to prevent the reduction of wages, and the ejection of tonanrs from their holdings. This association, as I am informed, consists of considera- ble numbers, chiefly of tho labouring class, and in- cludes within it, besides the ignorant and unde- signed, every person heretofore noted in this neigh- bourhood for the corruption of his morals, or the general depravity of his character. In this associa- tion, Catholics and Protestants arc, I am told, united. Thoy assemble in considerable numbers at night, in remoto or unfrequented places, to deliberate or con- sult together, to issno or 'roceive orders. The plun- der of arms is with thraf a favourite object, and in carrying it into effect, they guard against dotection by employing individuals of their body, unknown to those whoso housos or property is destined for attack." Dr. Doyle points out tim wickedness and illegality of these associations ; and enforces obedi- ence to the law as a general rule, but more par- ticularly when he perceives on honest intention on tho part of the King's Government to improve the condition of tho people-though in other times if he saw them distressed, und driven by oppression to combino, he might have hesitated beforo .taking up the aims of the gospel, lest he might soem " to range himself on the side of guilt in' power against guilt in distress," After demonstrating the utter ineffectiveness of theso confederacies to accomplish the objects of those engaged in thom, Dr. Doyle warns thom to desist, as they are all known, and cannot evado the law much longer, Without reap- ing any benofit to themselves, the only result of such sociotios will bo the ruin of their country. " No man sows seed in a whirlwind, or places his goods for weciinty in a den of thieves ; neither does any mau expend his money in a disturbed country, or seek to improve his lands or houses where his pro- perty is not secure. .The jails may grow up about us, courts of justice may rise in our villages, police stations may bo built at all our cioss roads ; but the mansion of the nobleman will decay, tho farm "houso will bo unrooted and uiitcnanted, tho manufac- tory will bo silent, the shop wjll be closed, and the shepherd's song or tho hum of industry will be hoard no moro. Barrenness will como upon the land, i uin upon the villages, the towns will be do serted, the rich will fly away from us-the poor will wither, will pine away and die of want ; religion herself will desert us, for she cannot inhabit with crime, and Ireland will bocome, ns she often was before, a bleak wilderness, inhabited only by the romnants of power on ono side, 'and tho dregs of wretchedness on the other." , A duel took place in November last, between Lord George Beresford and Mr. Henry Winston Barron, the two candidates for the representation of the county of Waterford. The quarrel arose out of some statements in a letter to the electors, pub- lished by Lord George Beresford, in which his lord- ship alleged that Mr. Barron had twice offered to support him, with all the interest of the Barron family, in the country, provided Lord George, in return, would lend his aid in effecting the return of Mr. Barron for the city of Waterford, now repre- sented by Sir John Newport. The meeting took place about nine o'clock, in the demesne of Bishop's Hall, county of Kilkenny. Lord Beresford was attended by Mr. Joseph Greene, and Mr. Barron by Mr. John Alcock. The ground, having been measured, and the preliminary arrangements made, there was an exchange of two shots each, without producing any effect. Mr Greene the second of Lord George, then came forward and stated that both parties having proved themselves men of cou- rage, he could not suffer the affair to proceed further. The parties then separated, without any reconcilia- tion having been effected. Mr. Barron, in an ad- dress to the electors of Waterfoir in reply to that of his opponent, admits, with certain qualifications, the statement of Lord George, and says-' The simple fact of my having held any conference with the Beresford family is not to be justified, and I do not seek to justify it ; but this forms no excuse for his lordship's dishonourable violation of a private and confidential communication ; and I therefore most unequivocally stigmatise his conduct as a base and profligate abandonment of every principle which has heretofore been held sacred amongst gentlemen." Some of the relatives of Mr. Barron, who is of an opulent Catholic family, have publicly censured the conduct of their relative, and deny that he had any authority to open a negotiation of the nature pro- posed. It is not publicly known whether Sir John, Newport intends to retire from public life at present. His health is said to be as good as at any time within the last ten years. The Waverley Novels.-Even, bo-1 fo'ro'thp " Oroat Unknown'' rovoalod his namo, his'i works bad boon circulated almost beyond prece- dent, and were fpund'in the hand» of ovory chisa'of ] rendors ; under those eircmnitimcos, thoreforo, tho publisher concoived ho had v'enturod quite far enough when ho had sforootvped and printod ton !t thousand copios ; out tho firat editiou was out of j, print in . few dnys; and, though a socond was sup- plied as quickly as poasiblo, oxcess of opporito seomod te grow so fast by what it fed on, that uot | only Mr. 15»llantyne's, but other men'ii prossos were put to thoir utmost speod and mettle, own though aided by the power of steam" Altogothor 32,000 copies of tho new edition of VVavorloy havo boon | printed and sold-a fact or circumsianco which wo hold to bo unparalleled in tho history of litoraturo. And hore the reader may indulge his fancy in other calculations. Forty volumos at 5s. will cost exactly ,£10 ; and supposing, for tho salto of speculation, that the wholo Bhould provo as successful as " VVa- vorloy," tho money put in circulation altogether will amount to the enormous sum of ,¿320,000. And nil this eilbcted by one leeming and iuoxhausti hlo mind-ono restless and indefatigable pen ! In the long list of modern marvels, the above claims, and will undoubtedly obtain, u most distinguished t placo ; and we can only ospross our admiration ade »f quntoly by copying a well-known ojaculation, and exclaiming with tho redoubtable Dominio Samp- son-Prodigious ! prodigious I A novel route to India is about to be takbnby Mr. Wnghorn, of tho Bengal pilot service, a gentleman who has exercised'himself with much zonl and perseverance, but hithorto without effect, . in the establishment of a regular steam cominunica * tionwitb our possessions in tho east. He will pro d coed by París, Genova, nnd Milan, to Trieste ; y theitee embark fur Alexandria ; traverse the isthmus '- by way of Cairo to Suez, where ho will moet the 't Enterprise steam-vessol, belonging to the East India t- CompnnyYand proceed in her to .Bombay. Ho ex- pects to perform bia journey in sixty days. Strange Effect of Imagination. -There is now in the Maison do Sante, at Rouen, a patient who is firmly impressed with tho belief that he was killed at the battle of Austorlitz, at which he was, in fact, present, and received a wound. If his health is inquired after, he answers, " You are asking after M. Lambert, but M. Lam- bert is no more-ho was killod by u cannon-ball. I know this which you see bears some resemblance to bim, but it is by no means a good likonoss, I wish you would construct n bettor." Ho falls occasionally into n stalo of insensibility, which sometimes lasts for several days, during which the application of blisters, pinches, end o von pricking him with a pin, appear to give him no kind of uueasiness. Sir W. Scott's first Poetical Effusion.-The following linea were written by Sir Walter Scott when he was between ten and eleven years of age, and whilo he was attending the High School of Edinburgh. His master there had spoken of him as a remarkably stupid boy, and his mother with grief acknowledged that he had spoken truly. She saw him one morning in the midst of a tremen- dous thundor- storm, standing still in the street and looking at tho sky. She called to him repeatedly, but ho remained looking upwards without taking no least notice of hor. When ho roturned into the house sho was very much displeased with him. "Mother," he said, "I could tell you the reason why I stood still, and why 1 looked at the sky, if you would only give me a pencil" She gave him one, and in less than five minutes lie laid a bit of paper on her lap, with these words written on it : "Loud o'er my head what awful thunders roll, With vivid lightning flash from pole to pole, It iis thy voice, my God, that bids them fly," Thy voice directs them through the vaulted sky, Then let the good thy mighty power revere, Let harden'd sinners thy just judgment fear." The old lady repeated them to me herself, and the tears were in her eyes, for I really believe, simple as they are, that she values those lines, being tho first effusion of her son's genius, more than any later beauties which have so charmed all the world besides.-Extract from an original Letter. 