German Students. We extract the following from the Scotsman Newspaper: — Extract of a letter, dated 4th January, from a gentleman at Gottingen, to his friends in Edinburgh. "I shall now endeavour to describe a studentic hogmanay. The inhabitants of Gottingen consist of students, Philistines, (a name given to all who are not students,) and Schurren, (the persons employed to keep the students in order.) There is also an under division of Philistines, called Knoten, which is composed of young men, sons of the citizens, as artists, shop-keepers, &c.; Now, there are generally uproars in the town on hogmanay night, and the night following, on which occasions, great damage is done to the lamps and lanterns of the town, and plenty of heads broken. The students are armed with walking sticks, and the schurren with a weapon called a bleystift or pencil, which derives its name from its resemblance to that article, being a round pole about six feet long, with lead in both ends. These they throw at the legs of the students, if at a distance, to try to upset them; but at close quarters they are used like batons. Thus you see the schurren are the better armed, Now, our honoured protector, wanting to prevent disturbances, had collected about a hundred schurren, and divided them into four corps, which were sent to scour the streets on hogmanay night, to keep the students from collecting. About 200, however, assembled at one of the gates, and proceeded through the streets, smash- ing the lamps and doing all manner of mischief. The schurren, attracted by the noise, soon came to oppose them; upon which the students, wisely considering that they were not strong enough to hazard a battle, filed off at the sides; and their antagonists. not thinking proper to attack them, passed in safety. No sooner had they gone by than the work of destruction again began, and continued till they arrived at the market place, where the schurren again made their ap- pearauce, and upon the students refusing to retire, it came to cleavers. The result was, that the students were driven from their ground, and slaughtered from Dau even to Beersheba, with a loss of 17 who were taken prisoners. A student getting a cleaver on the head, was knocked down and remained motionless, so that two schurren were afraid he had given up the ghost. Says one, "methinks you would have marked pretty well, if you had not struck so hard; it will be better just to let him lie there," — and so they turned about to march; when the dead student suddenly starts to his feet, breaks a lantern, and gives the schurren a blow on the pate, and then ran off. The students were rather bitter after their defeat, and vowed revenge on the protector. With this view, they assembled to the number of a hundred on new year's night, and proceeded to his house, and having placed centinels for fear of their enemies, began to bombard it, and break the windows. This operation was so skilfully conducted that none were taken prisoners of war; but the schurren having arrived, a scuffle ensued, which turned out to the advantage of the students, eight of the pencil rascals being left on the field of battle. I wrote you formerly about the edict prohibiting the drinking of beer. One of the University Councillors hat! a bottle of this liquor tossed through his window to prevent his forgetting it. None being caught, he must bear the damage himself." 