PROGRESS AND PROSPECTS OF 80 CIE ry. . ' FROM THE QUARTERLY REVIEW OF JULY. . Colloquies on jhe Progress and Prospects of Society. 'By Robert Souihy. 2 vols. 8vo, CHARACTER OF TUB WORK. Tim is a beautiful book, full of wisdom and de. vottoii-of poetry and feeling; conceived alio gcther in the spirit of other times, stub as the wise men of our own dti\ miy stoffaf, but such is E e. lyn, or Tzaak Walton, or Herbert, would have delighted to honour. Mr. Souihey, or Montesinos ("for so he is here cilled,) is sitting alone m his li. hrary, on a Novcrrber evening, musing upon the death of the Princess Charlotte, then a recent event, ind sufknug his mind to slray "to the nation ii products which this national tilumity opened be fore lum. It li id just ociurrid to lum, th ii, on two former oicisions, when the heir apparent of England w a uit off in the prune of life, the nation was on the eve of a religious revolution in the first instance, und of a politnal one in the second. Prime Arthur and Prune Henry bein,; thus in his mind, an elderly personage, of graie and dignified aspect, of a coun teiniicc indicating lush intellectinl rank, entered, ami announced bim é f, in a voice of uncommon sweetness, to be a stranger from a distant country. It was the ghost of Sir Thomas Moore; and a very judicious ghost (as might be expected) he proved hinis'If, coping «iib h s host in a melancholy fi', and finding lum a« the Unke us* d to find Jaques al such moments, * full id muter ' Accordingly, the pr igre»sand pros leets of society are then developed, in i s»ne* of dialogues between Montesinos and hi« disembodied visitor-lbe bails of all bein¿ i io rpinson of the pre->eut times with thone in »huh Sir I Moore In id and lost his head. It tri ty be imagined from Hie mere announcement of this introduction, that there is something of the di-anai character ot .he scroll of Lzekiel impressed upon these volumes) mid tint, ns the two friend«, the livm/and the de id, enter upon the dark piths of futurity (diik in every sense,) they seem the beings of whom Dante and Virgil «ere the proio types when they descended to explore those hidden regions which thc-supermription uvor the t,ate pro claimed to be so full of Moe In many ot the appre heusiniis here entirtamed, we confess tint we ourselves partiripale, nor can we see how any man who watches the signs of these tunes can prophesy smooth things only Hope, however, come«, winch comes to all, and our grounds both of hope and apprehension will be gathered from Hie observations we sh ill otier on the structure of souety as it existed bklore the Reformation, and as it exists now. DEC A.Y OF NATION VL RELIGION. There ivis a time, suite the worship of images (and hippy would it hive been if the religious habits of the country had thenceforth stood fixed), when the men of E igland were not ashamed of their failh-when ippropmte lexis a loaned the walls ol their dwelhng-roorrs, andihildren received at night a father's ble»sin^, ind 'lotus worship God, ins sai I with solemn mr, by the head of the household, and churches were re»orle I to daily and ' the pir ".on in journey' gave notiLO for pr íyers in the hall ol the tun-'for priera mil proveí der ' quoth he, * hinder no man,' and the cheerful an I e, is lie si| under the willow trie, witching his quill, trolled out i Christian catch, ' Here we m tv sit ind prav, be. fore deuh stops (like the excellent Sutton, of the Cb irter-house) 110114ht how he could mike his ni' rchandise sub servicnt to the good of h s fellow ci izo is mil the glory of his God, and accordingly en lowed some cbaritible, and learned, mid rcligiius Inundation, worthy of the munihtencc of a crowned head, and the grave historian (Lord Clarendon himself does so) chose 1 text in hi« Bible as a motto for his chap- ter on polit cs, and religion, in short, reached un'o every place, mid, like Lhsbi stretched on the dead child (to use one of JurfTnv Ti\lor'b cb iractenstic illustrations), gaie life and munition to every part of the boily pol tie Hut \ears i«lle I on, and the original impulse given at the Refill m mon, ind aig inented it the Rebellion, to undei »ailie all outward formi, bis silently continued to previil, till, with the f>rm of godliness (much of it, 110 doubt, objection able, but much of it wholsome), the poiver in a con ' 8iderible de. ree expired too. Accordingly, our churches are now closed in the week day*, for we are too busy lo npatr to them, 1 our politu mis crying out, with Phiraoh, 'Ve are * idle, je are idle , therefore Would jo go and do ' sicrifire lo the Lord ' Our citbedraU,Jt ia true, 1 are slill open , but where are the wo shippers ? In 1 stead of ui1enn" in, the citizen av uls bimsi If of the extelli nt clock which is u»u illv att iched lo them > nets Ins w itch, and hastens upon'Cliuige, where the congrcg ition is mimi rous and pun« lu ii, tod where V the theological speculations ire apt io run 111 Shy. a lock'» vein pretty exclusively If a c> u cb will * anster then, indeed, 1 j not stork lompiay ».pun.»» 0 up, ind a church is raised with as much alaintv 0 and upon the same pu iciplps, as a phy I11H11P Tue 1 day when the people brought til« a. KI ts is gone b} n The ' io/nZ temples,' that he etofore w< re (mill as i( '» not to be dissolved li I1 doomsday ha e been sue ' ci eded bv linn cmaci ited structures, bli a ed out b) ''. roi's of flitulent pi isler, and Ml ported upon ( l«l * merni ppg«i winch (ho courffsi of the tunes r il s «f pillars of tlip chin di 1 he painted windows, tb it ' admitted a dim rel trions lujht, hive 0 tin cbeip house-pnne in I dapper gicm < urlain I he ° font, willi its florid rebels and tapai um»« rat-r, li is T dwindled into a miseia'jle bum Sermons hat' con r tratted With the building« 111 ivlurhtbe\ are d( li» rd, r consisting, like thi ni ot le*« missive; ni llenáis than e formerly, and having for their title (if it is meant they should be .aken) ' short discourses ' The clerical drew lia» ácrómWuat'd hsMf to""Ino sermon« -^Virgil'a motto for his heifer,k omma »¿fl#H((,"hli Hil things rptvrifed-ihe skull-CJp go.it!-the .shovel hat going-the cassock, which,almost m ibu memory of tnifn .lingered amongst a few ancien'o, shrunk into the unmeaning upron dftho Bishop "mid Dean,-the Honing hands, which it was the liri..c mid pleasure of many a Airs. Prunrosn to tulumi with needlework, dwindled into" two puny labels. All these me indi cations, (many of them tiiiles, imleed,) that the age of forms is gone by, and of something better than forms, for they nro.tlje straws whjch point to the quarter from which the wind has been long scltimj in. 'To those who aeek for other and giayor signs, wo would say, look at the number olMiurt bos erected by the piety of our ancestors, within * the city" of London, and comparo them with those at tbo west end; or toke any town of modern growth, nnd con- trast it, in this particular, «itli one of other tunos. The population of Cheltenham, for instance, snys Mr. Yates, a dozen yenrs ago was abouti qj.il to tint of Gloucester ., and what wns the cjitive proportion of the pluceR of worship 1 Gloucester had ten churches, besides a cathedral ; Chcltcuhani 'hall a single one. Again, at what period before ourmvn was tiny serioui attempt made to separate education from religion to Iel looso upon sot iel} thu'intellecluul streugth of its members, with nothing whatever to direct Hut strength to beneficent or eveu to inuoicnt ends? Let it be askefl whether, on the .supposition that our law proceedings wore to be ro'COnstr-uctcilt the judges would in those days he recommended to go to church before they go to court, or whether to do so would nothe a waste of time? Whether, on a like suppo sition with regard lo our parliament, the Houses of Lords nuil Commons «onlil bo mss-uctcil io begin tbelr deliberations with prayers tniGod io bless them, or whether the practice would not now bejconsiilerid abs ilute 1 Whe- ther, In thp .plan of n modem mansion, there would be fourni the chapel of 'the king's old ^ cniirHciV, -!>r the hllliard-rorm of ' the king's,young cotl/llorTy'vyiiftheri on building; a pniir.lmpge.llio parish officers won I it now think of inscribing over ilie.door', * 'Qeo ct'pnuperlhusl' Whether, on ii reproduction Of our LittirgV) prayeis would bo found in it for deliverance'from plague, pestilence, and famine', or whether "such p^litfniis wuu'.d nut be thought rdleclions upon the stato of philosoplry amongut us, when political economy, mid medical'.police, anil.ogticultuial meetings, are und'rstooil hy s i many thinking persons; to runter asuperintcild'ng Providence.of .romparatively little cnnncquoncel All these things, li "camjot be denied, arc against us. ' ". * " *"-.*- ** >'?) IMPOBTANCE'Or UEMGION TO'TIlR'STATn. .. ' i t. J ' ' .* "*"'.' r 'J'*. A i Wo trust tint His exertions wlricli have, boon mnile of laie, and which arc'stlll making, Mr the ino're nttequn'te supply of the religious'wanls of- tlieJ|ieople,'\vill Und lo remove tile charge which Sir T. M'>re brings against IIB III Mr. Soulhoy's i)m!ognc, not, we fear, without reason, ' "Yniir^nj,",* snys hey ' has not ndva'iced inore^ in clinnicul 'nnd mechanical science, and "in* penmntin,? ibecninfuils nnd'luxuries of life for 'the ulnnses lo «hose lui conifnits lind Juviriei fnllj'llmu it ha' gone hnck"nrd In some of the moil, rsieiitial nniuis of polity .... A« there'ii no error'(it is niblet!) ' more prevalen', %n is lhere" none nioie dim gernus, ilinu the dncliiiie nhioll is so sedulously inculcated, that Hie sinle ought no1 io concern itself willi the relipinn of the «uhject!; wherein religion ¡s ihe ont y foundation t}fs¿>cieli), niîd governments which have no1 tlii.« linn* nre built upon simd. Surely,'if there be one fart established above an'lber hy the annals of the world it ¡s this.Wliit the state of religion cannot be safely disregarded by ' any government-that however jesters may deride, and philosophers dlsplse, and politicians forget It, It will eventually afsert its claims' to attention, ami proie thom. Nothiug cooli} be more ainu? ¡ng to the courtiers of Charles I; and Citarles II. than the grotesque portrait of the Puillàn-his "straight Inir-his sorrow'nl countenance-bis affectrd vocabulary-his whim, ebal nnmes-h's VÍMOIIS-his raptures -his scruples about plum-porridge anil black- puddinn-«,.. all might furnish ample menlincnt to Hie gay and gallant cav iliers.' .Hut the joke did not turn" out lo be on their side in the end j Cromwell k-iewthe force of religious principle/and avail himself of it ; lie knew that nothing eonlil stand'sgainst it when sincerely (however erronconily) entertained, and tint lojalty and relationship, and Hie clift .dry of birril, and tthnii yer el«e may serve lo raise the «pUiLu/ a man lo Injli exploits, are ii s n.>ili¡n.r when opposed lo ii ; at d «o it caine to pius. We nre not defending the extravagances of the pnriians j 'weare merely »bow- ing thal n pi ¡nelpie HUH powerful contint be safely j neglpctid ni a nation's counsel«-" principle which', ! um'cr ilio guidance of n i.other, oh.euro n* li- um, in>igiiificanl but fiom Hie wenpon which li« wielded, «fought U change in ||IP ..,fl iirs of meii" ilifiii'lely grent. r in ehariicli r, in iluralion, nnd-in extent,-than nil which wii3 ttuliiéVcd bv Hie- meio force of arms and vulgar conquests oí a Fruncí« or n Chnrles. 