ORIGINAL COMMUNICATION. (Continued.) The constant communication between this place and India renders it a kind of hospital for the unhealthy of the more northern climates, who flock at certain periods of the year to participate in the salubrious air of the Mauritius. The very figures of those unhealthy beings is sufficient to de- ter most persons from wishing to proceed further on their voyage; I remember, on my first landing, meeting two gen- tlemen at a friend's house, one about six feet two inches in height, and the other of an ordinary stature, who had just arrived from India. and who had obtained leave of absence for the benefit of thier health; of all the poor helpless beings hat ever sat down to dinner, this tall gentleman was certainly the most helpless, and, to such a degree of debility was his frame reduced by the excesses of India, that even the most savoury dishes were to him not palatable till the Cayenne pepper had almost rendered neutral the taste of the food. When he got up on his legs he looked more like a crooked stick in men's clothes than a human being. This same per- sonage I met almost every day walking about the town in the early part of the morning - his yellow face, his deep sunk eye, and sepulchral look made him appear as though he were a ghost searching some place to hide himself from the gaze of mortals. I missed him one morning from his usual walk; the next day, but one I went to enquire after his health, at his lodgings, but the destroying ind had passed over him and he was gone, and the place knew him no more. He had that same morning been buried. The good fellowship which reigns generally throughout the whole population, soon enables a stranger, who is conversant with the French language, to becone acquainted with most persons moving in the same sphere of life; a visotor has only got to be introduced once or twice in good society, and he is most heartily welcomed in all circles of the same stamp. I do verily believe, that had I staid on the Island only a few months longer, I should not only have been acquainted with all the Europeans, but likewise with the whole population of half-castes and blacks. The language of the ciuntry is French, excepting at Go- vernment-house and among the English troops. I have before said, the business of the Customs, and in fact, all such as could be carried on in English, was being encouraged by the Government; and the Students at the Schools or as it is there xxxxxxx, the College, are all taught, and write their exercises in the English language. This latter establishment is highly criditable to the Colony, the general care and attention paid to the Students, both as regarding their education and com- forts equally entitle the Masters and the Government to the thanks of the inhabitants. In every other town, where the population is small xxxxxxxxxxx[?] reigns. I have said the small population, xxxxxx[?], of course, that the slaves who are always kept out of the question[?], are not to be considered; for Port Louis is rather an insignificant town, as respects its number of inha- bitants, or as regards its importance in commerce and pro- ductions. There is on the grande place, fronting Government- house, and near to the Wharf, a kind of wooden building or shed, which is the usual rendezvous of all the idle, gos- siping, old, and the young of the town; here you find as- sembled some regular old stagers, at an early hour, who are like walking gazettes, having a knowledge of all events that have passed or are passing, and may probably come to pass. If there is any thing moving in the town, only go to this port-master's shed, and you may soon learn all the full, true, and particular accounts of the passing events, with several variations.— This place may likewise be called the exchange, for is much more business transacted at the scandal shed, than in the chamber of commerce. Just before Sir Lowry Cole resigned the governorship to Sir Charles Colville, a vessel touched, en passant, with a visitor none of the most welcome, who aused a good deal of stir in the town—this was no less a personage than Sir Hudson Lowe, who, no doubt, my readers will recollect as having his name handed down to poserity, mixed up with the History of Napoleon, on the Island of St. Helena. It was most certainly a very foolish expedition on his part, he might well have made, stood from the general feeling so publicaly ma- nifested in France against him, that his visit could not be very satisfactory to the French inhabitants. Sir Hudson, no doubt, depended on his being well received by the Governor, and of course thought the commission he then held in His Majesty's service, would be sufficient to protect him from any insult of the populace. As soon as he landed, the crowd opened, and let him quietly and unmolested pass to Govern- ment-house, but on his way back they began to hoot and abuse him in the most violent manner, calling him all the most in- sulting names they could imagine, boureau de Napoleon, Poultron, and similar terms. What rendered these expressions more poignant was, that they came from some of the most respectable of the French inhabitants. No violence was used towards his person; he retreated into his boat, and did not make a second experiment at landing. Sir Lowry Cole, by this unfortunate visit, rendered the last few months of his po- pular government displeasing to the inhabitants, the manner in which he acted towards them, is the only cause of com- plaint I ever heard mentioned against him; it appears, if publie report speaks trne, that Sir Lowry Cole did not himself exactly know in what manner to act towards Sir Hudson Lowe - he knew him to be most unpopular with the inhabitants, and yet, he, holding the situation he did, was obliged to treat Sir Hudson Lowe with every degree of respect, which by so doing he was aware would be the means of rendereing himself less popular with the French on the Island; he therefore seems to have wished to take a middle course, and either from press of business, or from a desire to shew he was not anxious the visit should be repeated, he kept Sir Hudson some very considerable time waiting, before he made his appearance in the room where his visitor was awaiting him - the sequel was what I have stated - the crowd having it buzzed about that he had been slighted at head-quarters, considered that they also had a right to shew their feeling towards the individual, which they did in no very polite manner. Now, whether the Govenor, after deliberate consideration, thought the inhabitants and himself had rather expected the bounds of common civility, or whether he thought the man- ner the personage alluded to was received might be exagger- ated to his own prejudice in England, I know not; but sure enough he considered it advisable and prudent to publish a manifesto the next day, in which he commented on the beha- viour of his well-behaved subjects very severely, and most certainly the proclamation issued in French was a curiosity, so much so, that my friend R...... gave three sovereigns for a copy in order to have it framed. The proclamation is full of contrarieties, and in one part, owing to its being bad- ly translated into the French language, the good folks of Part Louis, were called canaille, which term seemed.highly to amuse them. A day or two after this singular production Sir Lowry Cole's parting proclamation was issued, and placed alongside the former. In the letter he highly compliments them for their zeal and attachment to the Government and himself, and that it was with the greatest satisfaction he saw them so satisfied and so, prosperous, and hoping they would conduct themselves as well under the government of his suc- cessor as they had under his happy Government. Although the seasons are so generally regular, and the cli- mate so propitious for the planters and inhabitants, still on the other band, they have their disagreeables. The hurri- canes, which may be considered as calamities, are pretty cer- tain to visit them yearly, and so dreadful are they, that scarcely a vessel that is at anchor in the port is able to es- cape the fury. Be the Captain ever so cautious, it too fre- quently happens that they go ashore, and often go to pieces. - Before these awful visitations arrive, the inhabitants have some means of judging of their approach; the density of the air, and the red misty vapour over the horizon are almost certain indications of their coming on. It is then the inhabi- tants prepare - they fasten the window shutters and the doors, barring them so effectually, that the wind cannot obtain ad- mittance in their dwellings, which if it does, it is almost cer- tain to unroof, or otherwise injure the buildings. Trees of the strongest and largest kind are not able to stand the fury of the gusts, and er torn upo by their roots. I remember visiting a garden a few miles from the town a day or two after one of these awful visitations; the shrubs, and even the melon plants were torn from their roots, and had disappeared; no one could have imagined that a few hours could have so completely changed the scene, the garden I allude to was at the foot of a mountain, and may perhaps have suffered more than most others. Houses have been known to have been blown from their foundations to a considerable distance, indeed, the history of the different effects caused by one of these hurricanes, would be an interesting work. Yet, al- though they are so dreadfully severe, there is one consolation, They do not continue with their fullest strength for above a few hours, during which time the wind veers gradually round to evry point of the compass, and then ceases into a deep calnm with heavy rain. Perhaps the greatest wonder of the Island is yet to be pro- duced before my readers, and that is, a gentleman now in the employment of the Government, whose duty it is to act as signal man; this person is able to tell by means which are en- tirely of his own discovery, whether there are any vessels within several days sail of the Island. There is a regular list kept, which is sent to the Governor immediately a sail is approaching the place; he will sometimes state a certain kind of vessel to be at some hundren leagues distance; this dis- covery is certainly one of the most wonderful of modern times, and it is perhaps strange that so little is known about it, without any instrument whatever was it discovered, with- out any kind of assistance, merely by the naked eye does he obtain his necessary intelligence. Every fine evening, he as- cends the mountain some little distance, and by gazing on the sky, is then enabled at once to say whether any vessel is ap- proaching from the western hemisphere; it must be constant practice which allows him to state immediately, whether a sail that may be reflected by the sun on the blue air above, is a ship or a brig. I knew a gentleman, who was particularly anxious to learn from the discoverer the means by which he might be enabled to do the same, but he told me, that after several excursions on the mount, he had one evening fancied that he saw some kind of shadow at about 18 degrees from the horizon, which his preceptor pointed out to be a ship making for the Island, and which did arrive the following evening; but he said be could not find in his heart sufficient perseverance to continue receiving the lessons. The gentle- man makes no secret of his discovery, he is a very intelligent, well instructed man, and will willingly allow persons to attend him on these excursions, and even takes the trouble to point out the shadows, but I believe there is only one of his scholars who has yet attained any knowledge of his system, so as to be at all able to benefit by it, and this is his son-in- law, whom report says be would not allow to marry his daughter, till such time as he had learned the plan alluded to. A good work, written on the subject of this discovery, might be very beneficial to society in general; it would no doubt set the wise men of the west bothering their brains, and per- haps eventually something very important might be the re- sult. To shew how very minute he is in particularizing the exact shadows, he one day notified to the Governor, that there were three vessels in company, at a certain distance, making towards the Island - a ship, a brig, and some vessel which was neither the one nor the other - in fact, he could not distinguish what it was. A day or two afterwards, three vessels arrived, the two bearing his description, and the other one being a ship that had carried away her fore mast, and having placed in its stead a jury mast. This same person gave no- tice to the French Govenor of the Island some months before the descent of the English, that a large fleet was approaching; Had the Governor believed him, he could have sent for as- sistance to the neighbouring French settlements, but he con- sidered it an idle report. The fleet in question was, owing to contrary winds, unable to make the Island, and some se- vere weather induced them to delay the attack till a future period, when the fleet appeared to this persons view a second time; the same intelligence was conveyed to the Governor, who found the information to be strictly correct but it was then too late. 