PASSAGES FROM THE DIARY OF A LATE PHYSICIAN. THE MARTYR PHILOSOPHER. ? (From Blackwood's Magazine.) i i . .' .".(cONTINUrO FROM OUR LAST. Monday, -July 18. Having been called into a patient in the neighbourhood of E-, I took that opportunity of calling upon him on my return.' It was about nine o'clock in the evening ; and I found the philosopher sitting pensively in the parlour alone; for his niece, I learned, had retired early, owing to indisposition. "A peculiar send-off cular lamp, of his own contrivance, stood on the table, which was strewn with books, pamphlets \- and papers. He received me with his usual gentle \- affability. "I don't know how re-issued feel in a singular ' mood of mind to-night," said he " I ought to say ' rather many moods : sometimes so suddenly and strongly excited, as to lose the control over my \- emotional others, sinking into the depths of des . tendency. " I've been trying for these two hours to \- glance over this new view of the Neptunian theory," pointing to an open book on the table, which of has sent me, to review for him in the ? ; but 'is useless ; I cannot command my thoughts." 'I felt his pulse: it was one of the most irregular I had ever known. " I know what you suspect," said the, observing my eyes fixed with a puzzled air on -my watch, and my finger at his wrist, for several minutes; " some organic mischief at the heart. Several of your fraternity have latterly comforted me with assurances to that effect." assured that did not apprehend any thing of the kind, but merely that his circulation was a little disturbed by recent excitement. " True true," he replied, "I am a little flustered \--as the phrase is--" " On-here's the secret, I suppose?" said I, > reaching to a periodical publication of the month, . lying on the table, and in which I had a few days ago read a somewhat virulent attack on him. " You're very rudely handled here, I think I" said I. " What do you think that has discomposed me 1" be enquired with a smile. " No, no-I'm past feeling these things long ago ! Abuse-mere per- sonality-now excites in me no emotion of any kind !" " Why, Mr. E-:-, surely you are not indifferent to the opinion of the public, which may be missed by such things as these, if suffered to go on unanswered 1" " I am not afraid of that. If I've done any thing good in my time, as I have honestly tried to do, sensible people won't believe me an impostor, in any man's bidding. Those who would be so in fluenced, are hardly worth undeceiving \- s a ii There's a good deal of acuteness in the paper, \- and in one particular, the reviewer has fairly caught me tripping. He may laugh at me as much as he pleases ; but why go about to put himself in a passion The subject did not require it. But if he is in a passion, should I not be foolish to be in one too Passion serves only to put out truth and no one would indulge it that had truth, only in view. v * * The real occasion of my nervousness," he continued, " is far different from what you have supposed a little incident which occurred only this evening, and will tell it you. " My niece, feeling poorly with a cold, retired to bed as soon as she had done tea and after sitting a here about a quarter of an hour, I took one of the candles, and walked to the laboratory, to see whether all was right-as is my custom every evening. On opening the door, to my very great amazement, I saw a stranger in it, a gentleman in dark-coloured \- clothes, holding a dim taper in one hand, and engaged in going round the room, apparently putting -all my instruments in order. I stood at the door almost petrified, watching his movements, without thinking of interrupting them, for a sudden feeling of something like awe crept over me. He made no noise whatever, and did not seem aware that any one was looking at him or if he was, he did not seem disposed to notice the interruption. I saw him as clearly, and what he was doing, as I now see you playing with your gloves ! He was engaged leisurely putting away all my loose implements shutting ' boxes, cases, and cupboards, with the accuracy of one who was perfectly well acquainted with his work. Having thus disposed of all the instruments and apparatus which had been used to-day-and we have had very many more than usual out-he opened the inner door leading to the study, and entered-I following in mute astonishment. He went to work \- the same way in the study ; shutting up several volumes that lay open on the table, and carefully the \- placing them in their proper places on the shelves; " Having cleared away these, he approached the astronomical apparatus near the window, put the cap on the objectives of the telescope, pushed in the joints, all noiselessly, closed up in its case my new \- chronometer, and then returned to the table where my desk lay, took up the ink-stand, poured out the \- ink into the fire-place, flung all the pens under the grate, and then shut the desk, locked it, and laid the key on the top of it. When he had done all a this, he walked towards the wall, and turned slowly i \- towards me, looked me full in the face, and shook . his head mournfully. The taper be held in his hand { . slowly expired and the spectre, if such it were, disappeared. The strangest part of the story is yet to follow. The pale, fixed features seemed perfectly familiar to me they were those which I had often gazed at in a portfolio Mr. Boyle, prefixed to my \- quarto copy of his Treatise on Atmospheric Air.' As soon as I had a little recovered my self- posses- sion, I took down the work in question, and exa . mined the portrait. I was right! I cannot account for my not having spoken to the figure, or gone close . up to it. I think I could have done either, as far as courage went. My prevailing idea was, that a single word would dissolve the charm, and my curiosity prompted me to see it out. I returned to the parlour and hung the bell for Joseph. " ' Joseph,' said I have you set things to rights in the laboratory and study to-night.'-' Yes, mas \- ter,' he replied, with surprise in his manner ; ' I finished it before tea-time, and set things in particular good order-I gave both the rooms a right good cleaning out I'm sure there's not even a pin in its wrong place." " ' What made you fling the pen and ink in the ' fire-place and under the grate 1' "Because I thought they were of no use-the pens worn to stumps, and the ink thick and clotted too much gum in it' He was evidently astonished at being asked such questions and was going to explain further, when I said simply that will do, and he retired. Now, what am I to think of all this' If it were a mere ocular spectrum, clothed with its functions from my own excited fancy, there was yet a unity of purpose in its doings that is ex- traordinary Something very much like ' shutting up thethop'-eh!" enquired E with a melancholy smile. of " This gentleman's speculations have long served to amuse children and old people ; now that he has become old himself, he also may hope for amusement from themes' This mountain has so long brought forth mice, that, now it has become enfeebled and worn out, it may amuse itself with looking after its progeny."-Chimeras of a diseased l>rain."-^Quackery."-'flevitw. ^[?Neithei the Edinburgh nor Quarterly.] Mr E knew who was the writer of this article. 'E' r i" > V" . , , . , ,f 1- -ii 'pa touohîng--yeryl -1 overheard a more singular incident," I replied abstractedly, without removing my eyes from the fire for my reading of the occurrence was a sudden and strong conviction, that, ghost or no ghost, E-had toiled his last in the behalf of science-that he would never again have occasion to use his philosophical machinery ! This melancholy presentiment invested E and all he said or did, with tenfold interest in my eyes. " Don't suppose, doctor, that I am weak enough to be seriously disturbed by the occurrence I have just been mentioning. Whether or not it really portends [ my approaching death I know not. Though I am not presumptuous enough to suppose myself so important as to warrant any special interference of Providence on my behalf-yet I cannot help think-, ing him to look on this as, a warning-a solemn premonition that I may 'set my house in order, and die.' " Ouroonveisation, during the remainder of our interview, turned on the topic suggested by the affecting incident just related. I listened to all he uttered, as to the words of a doomed a dying, man ! All E- advanced on this difficult and' interesting subject, was marked not less by sound 'I philosophy, than piety. He ended with avowing his belief, that the Omnipotent Being who formed, both the body and the soul, and wished them to exist unitedly, could surely, nevertheless, if he saw good cause the one to exist separately from the other; either by endowing it with new properties for that special purpose, or by enabling' it to exercise, in its disembodied state, those powers which continued latent in it during its connexion with the body. Did-it follow-Tie asked tlmt-neithor'body nor soul possessed any ther tua lines than those which were necessary to enable them to exist together"! Why should the soul be incapable of a substantially distinct personal existence 1 Where the impossibility of its being made visible to organs of sense 1 Has the Almighty no means of bringing this to pass"! Are there no latent properties in the organs of vision-no subtile sympathies with immaterial substances which are yet undiscovered and even undiscoverable? Surely this man be the case though how, it would be impossible to conjecture. He saw no bad philosophy, he said, in this and he who decided the question in the negative, before he had brought forward some evidence of its moral or physical impossibility, was guilty of most presumptuous dogmatism. This is the substance of his opinions ; but, alas! I lack the chaste, nervous, philosophical eloquence in which they were clothed. A distinguished living character said of E-, that he was the most fascinating talker on abstruse subjects he ever heard. I could have said all night listening to him. "In fact, I fear I did trespass on his politeness even to inconvenience I staid and partook of his supper simple/frugal fare-consisting of roast potatoes, and two tumblers of new milk. I left about eleven : my mind occupied but with one wish all the way home, that I had known intimately for as many years as hours'! Two days afterwards, the following hurried note was put into my hands, from my friend Dr. D-. : " My dearest I am sure you will be as much affected as I was, at hearing that our inestimable friend, Mr. E-, had a sudden stroke of the palsy' this afternoon, about two o'clock, from which I-very much fear he may never recover for this, added to his advanced age, and the dreadful chronic complaint under which he labours, is surely sufficient to shatter, the small remains of his strength. I need hardly say, that all is confusion at I am going down there to-night, and shall be happy to drive you down also, if you will be at my house by seven. Yours," &c.; &c.; I was grieved and agitated, but no wise surprised at this intelligence. What passed the last time I saw him prepared me for something of this kind'! On arriving in the evening we were shown into the parlour, where sat Miss E-, in a paroxysm of hysterical weeping, which had forced her a few moments before to leave her uncle's sick room., It was some time before we could calm her agitated spirits, or get her to give us any thing like a con- nected account of her uncle's sudden illness. " Oh, these will tell you all !" said she, sobbing, and taking two letters from her bosom, one of which bore a black seal ; " It is these cruel letters that have broken his heart ! Both came by the same post this morning !" She withdrew, promising to send for us when all was ready, and we hastily opened the two letters she had left. What will the reader suppose were the two heavy strokes dealt at once upon the head of Mr. E-by an inscrutable Providence "7 The letter opened, conveyed the intelligence of the sudden death, in childbed, of Mrs., his only daughter, to whom he had been most passionately attached. The letter Dr. D-held in his hand, disclosed on instance of almost unparalleled perfidy and ingratitude. I shall here state what I learnt afterwards that many years ago, Mr. K- bed taken a poor lad from one of the parish schools, pleased with his quickness and obedience, and had apprenticed him to a respectable tradesman. He served his articles honourably, and Mr. E-nobly advanced him funds to establish himself in business. He prospered beyond every one's expectations and the good, generous, con- fiding E-, was so delighted with his conduct, and persuaded of his principles, that he gradually advanced him large sums of money to increase an extensive connexion and at last, invested his all amounting to little short of £15,000, in this man's concern, for which he received 5 per cent. Sudden success, however, turned this young man's head and Mr. E-had long been uneasy at hearing current rumours about his protege's unsteadiness and extravagance. He had several times spoken to him about them ; but was easily persuaded that the reports in question were as groundless as malignant. And as the last half- year's interest was paid punctually, accompanied with a hint that if doubts were entertained of his probity, the man was ready to re- fund a great part of the principal, Mr. E---'s confidence revived. Now, the letter in question was from this person; and stated, that, though circumstances had compelled him to withdraw from his creditors for the present, in other words to abscond, he had no doubt that if Mr. E-would wait a little, he should in time be able to pay him a " fair dividend B-Good God! why, E-is ruins" exclaimed Dr. D---, turning pale, and dropping the letter, after having read it to me. a " Yes, rained" all the hard savings of many ' years labour and economy, gone at a stroke !" - 1 " Why, was all his small fortune embarked in { this man's concern ?" " All, except a few hundreds lying loose at his banker's What is to become of poor Miss ES-. ?" " Cannot this infamous scoundrel be brought to justice?" I enquired. " If he were, he may prove, perhaps, not worth powder and shot the viper !" Similar emotions kept us both silent for several moments. " This will put his philosophy to a dreadful trial," said I "How do you think he will bear it, should he recover from the present seizure so far as to be made sensible of the extent of his misfortunes ?" " Oh, Nobly, nobly ! I'll pledge my existence to it! He'll bear it like a Christian, as well as a philo- sopher! I've seen him in trouble before this." " Is Miss E entirely dependent on her uncle and has he made no provision. for her?" " Alas' he had appropriated to her ,a?5000 of the £15,000 in this man's hands, as a marriage portion-I know it, for I am one of his executors. The circumstance of leaving her thus destitute, will, I know, pt ey cruelly on his mind." Shortly afterwards, we were summoned into the chamber of the venerable sufferer. His niece sat at the bedside, near his head, holding one of his cold motionless hands in hers. Mr. E«-'s face, deadly pale, and damp with perspiration, had suffered a shocking distortion of the features the left eye and the mouth being drawn downwards to the left side. He gazed at us vacantly, evidently without recognising us, as we took stations, one at the foot, the other at the side of the bed. What a melancholy contrast between the present expression of his eyes, and that of acuteness and brilliance which eminently characterised them in health ! They reminded me of Milton's sun, looking " through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of its beams." The distorted lips were moving about incessantly, .] as though with abortive efforts, to speak, though he could utter nothing but an inarticulate murmur- ing sound, which he had continued almost from the moment of his being struck. Was it not a piteous a heart-rending spectacle ? Was this the purpose-' per? After making due enquiries, and ascer tainting the extent of the injury to his nervous system, we withdrew to consult on the treatment to be adopted. In accounting for the seizure, I considered that the uncommon quantities of laudanum he had so long been in the habit of receiving into his system,, alone sufficiently accounted for his pro- sent Biezure. Then, again, the disease in his spine the consequent exhaustion of his energies-the' sedentary, thoughtful life he led all these were at least predisposing causes. the sudden shock he had received in the morning merely accelerated what had long been advancing on him. We both anticipated n speedily fatal issue, and resolved to take the earliest opportunity of acquainting him with his approaching end. [He lies in nearly the same state during Thursday and Friday] i "Saturdau.-We are both astonished and delighted. to find that East's daily paroxysms have de-, sorted him, at least he has exhibited no symptoms' of their appearance up to this day. On entering the room, we found, to our inexpressible satisfaction, that his disorder had taken a very unusual and happy course, having been worked out of the system by fever. This, as my medical readers will be aware, is a very rare occurrence. [Three or four pages of the diary are occupied with technical details, of no interest whatever to the general reader.] ^ His features were soon restored to their natural position and, in short, every appearance of palsy left him. 4 Sunday evening. Mr. E---? going on well, and his mental energies and speech perfectly restored. I called on him alone. Almost his first words to me were-" Well, Doctor, good Mr. Boyle was right, you see it replied, that it yet remained to be proved. " God sent me a noble messenger to summon me hence, did he not") One whose character has always been my model, as far as I could imitate his great and good qualities.'" "You attach too much weight, Mr. E-, to that creature of imagination" ?" What! do you really doubt that I am on my death-bed,! I assuredly shall not recover. The pains in my back hay-loft me, that my end may be easy. Aye, aye, the ' silver cord is loosed" I enquired about the sudden cessation of his chronic complaint. "He said, it had totally d appeared ; leaving behind it only a sensation of numbness. " " In this instance of His mercy towards an unworthy worm of the earth, I devoutly thank my Father my God!" he exclaimed, lookingîeveren tially upward,-" Oh, how could I in patience have, | possessed. my soul, if to the pains of dying finds been superadded those which have embittered life My constant prayer to God has been, that, if it be His will, my life may run out clear to the last drop and though the stream has been a little troubled," alluding to the intelligence which had occasioned his illness, " I may yet have my prayer answered-Oh, sweet darling Anne! why should I grieve for you ? Where I am going, I humbly believe you are ! Root and branch-both gathered-; home !" He shed tears abundantly, but spoke of" the dreadful bereavement in terms of perfect resignation. " " " You are no doubt acquainted," he continued, " with the other afflicting news which, I own, has cut me to the quick ! My confidence has been betrayed my sweet niece's prospects utterly blighted, and made a beggar of in my old age. This ungrateful man has squandered away infamously the careful savings of more than thirty years every penny of which has been named with the sweat of my brow, I do not so much care for it myself, as I have still enough left to preserve me from want during the few remaining days I have left me ; but my poor dear Emma' ¡ My heart aches to think of it!" I hope you may yet recover some portion of your property, Mr. E--; the man speaks in his letter of paying you-a fair dividend." " No, no-when once a man has deliberately acted in such an unprincipled manner as he has, it is foolish to expect restitution. Loss of character, and the confidence of his benefactor, makes him desperate. I find that, should I linger on earth longer than a few weeks, I cannot now afford to pay the rent of this house-I must remove from it-I cannot die in the house in which my poor wife breathed her last this very room !" His tears burst forth again, and mine started to my eyes. " A ] friend is now looking out lodgings for me in the neighbourhood which I shall remove the instant my health will permit. It goes to my heart, to think of the bustling auctioneer disposing of all my apparatus, tears again gushed from his eyes " the companions of many years "Dear, dear girl Your friends will ransack heaven and earth before your fears shall be verified," said I, with emotion. , " They-you-are very good but you would be unsuccessful You must think me very weak to let these things overcome me in this way one can't help feeling them layman may writhe under the' amputating knife, and yet acknowledge the necessity of its use! ! My spirits wants disciplining." " Allow me to say, Mr. ----, that I think you bear your misfortunes with admirable fortitude true' philosophic" "Oh Doctor! Doctors!" he exclaimed, interrupting me, with solemn emphasis-" Believe a dying man, to whom all this world's fancied realities ? have sunk into shadows nothing can make a death Fed easy, but nnLioion--a humble, hearty faith in Him, whose Son redeemed mankind ! Philosophy science-is a nothing-a mockery a delusion of it be only of this world I-I believe from the bottom of my heart, and have long done so, that the es- sence the very crown and glory of true philosophy, is to surrender up the soul entirely to God's teaching, and practically receive and appreciate the consolations of the gospel of Jesus Christ!" Oh, the fervency with which he expressed himself-his shrunk clasped hands pointed upwards, and his features booming with devotion ! I told him it did my heart good to hear such opinions avowed by a man of such distinguished attainments. " Don't-don't-don't talk in that strain, Doctor!" said he, turning to me with a reproving air. " Could a man living but know how compliments fall upon a dying man's ear ! * * I am going shortly into the presence of Him who is Wisdom itself; and shall I go pluming myself on my infinitely less than glow- worm glimmer, into the presence of that pure effulgence 1 Doctor, I've felt, latterly, that I would give worlds to forget the pitiful acquire- ments which I have purchased by a life's labour, if my soul might meets smile of approbation when it first fits into thepiesence.ofits MaKer its Judge!" Strange language thought I, for the scientific E--, confessedly a master-mind among men ! Would that the shoal of socialists, now babbling abroad their infidel crudities, could have had one moment's interview with this dying philosopher ! Pert fools, who are hardly released from their lead- ing- strings-the very go-cart, as it were, of ele- mental science before they strut about and forth- with proceed to pluck their Mecca by the beard and this, as an evidence of their " independence," and being released from the " trammels of supersti- tion." Oh, Lord and Maker of the universe that thou shouldst be so " long-suffering" towards these in- solent insects of an hour. To return. I left E-- in a glowing mood of mind, disposed to envy him his death-bed, even with all the ills which attended it ! Before leaving the house, I stepped into the parlour to speak a few words to Miss E-. The sudden illness of her uncle had found its way into the papers and I was delighted to find it had brought a profusion of cards every morning, many of them bearing the most distinguished names in rank and science. It shewed that E's worth was properly appreciated. I counted the cards of five noblemen, and very many members of the Royal, and other learned Societies. (To be concluded in our nat. 