FASHIONS FOR SEPTEMBER. EVENING DRESSES crepe dress of a new shade of rose-colour. It is worn over a great de Naples slip to correspond. The corsage is cut low and square ; it is made to sit close to the shape, and is finished round the bust with double folds of crape cut bias ; the folds open on the shoulders, and are edged with blond lace. Beret sleeve very short, but not quite so wide as usual. The skirt is trimmed just above the knee with a large crape rouleau, so arranged as to form a singularly novel and pretty border. The hair is dressed in the Chinese fashion, and ornamented with springs of moss roses placed on each side, and a bandeau of pearls brought low upon the forehead. The comb is of plain tortoiseshell, with a very high gallery. A blond lace scarf is thrown carelessly over the shoulders. The jewellery worn with this dress should be of gold and pearl From La Belle Assemble. MORNING DRESSES Seignior composed of Jaconet muslin ; the corsage made full be fore and behind, confined to the waist by a counter of white watered ribbon. A falling collar rounded at the ends, and a triple pelerine also rounded, are edged, as well as the fronts of the dress, with a narrow pointed open trimming. The sleeve, which is of a moderate and graceful width, is confined at the lower part by drawings which form buttons. The skirt is adorned only by a row of trimming corresponding with that of the fronts, which edges the bottom. The hair is arranged in light bows on the forehead. The crop is of English lace, and of a large size. It is decorated with toques of green gauze ribbon, tastefully mingled with the borders which turn back ; the brides hang loose. Ibid. m im| me of i i pie to kin of LA VENDEE. Arms and ammunition have been freely distributed among the peasantry of this province, to make a stand for the hopes of Charles X., but instead of an array of counter-re vo- lution, the peasantry have formed a fine corps of the national guard. BOULGONE, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPT. RODICK MARTIN, Our readers will be glad to hear that the. Champion of Dumb Animals, " honest Dick Martin, of Galway, is liberated from quod by the liberal conduct of his creditors here, who have unanimously agreed to give him time to receive remittances from " the Emerald Isle." His detention would have been a severe blow to the CotnJiuia/isfs, who abundantly partake of his boundless hospitality and generosity, which diffuse happiness among all classes of society here. NAPLES. Accounts of Naples to the 14th have been received. The Dey of Algiers and his uncle continue to attract the notice of the public, for these Turks are running about the streets of Naples all the day long. The Dey is said to have brought with him seven millions of francs in gold, and on this account it is hoped he may be persuaded to purchase an estate in the kingdom of Naples. One of his servants had been guilty of some act of disobedience, and was sentenced to death for it. The Neapolitan porter was directed to procure a cart to carry away a corpse ; he asked if any body in the house was dead, and received for answer that the execution would take place in a few hours. On this, he ran to fetch a commissary)' of police, who gave the Dey to understand that he was not to take justice into his own hands at Naples, but must leave it to the government. When the Dey received the news of the events in France, he exclaimed, " God is great ! He drove me from my throne-now his people had driven him away." The crowd was in possession of the news of the revolution in France several days before it was known to the public, who learned it from ships that came from Marseilles. Increased vigilance is now exerted to prevent political conversations, and the propagation of political news. r s TURKEY.- -M. Ribeaupierre, the Russian ambassador, has obtained from the Grand Sig nor a firman, authorising him to visit all the mosques of Constantinople, even that of Saint Sophia. M. Ribeaupierre is the first European who has received this permission. THE HAGUE -The inhabitants of this place of royal residence have expressed their indignation at the events which have occurred in Brussels; they have mounted the orange cockade, and have presented an address to the king embodying the most loyal sentiments Deputations from Bris- sels and from Liege brought petitions to the king against the national grievances. These petitions were numerously and respectably signed, and were referred to the committee of national safety. It is remarkable that the language of the Brussels petition is extremely moderate, demanding only the convocation of the States-General (already determined on by the king, and in general terms asking relief from the grievances under which the people labour, while the petition from Liege, where no demonstration has taken place, is couched in the boldest language, and contains the most extravagant demands. ' DIVING BELL. - An inhabitant of Augerville, in France, has invented a diving bell, which enables any one to remain for above an hour under water, and to execute the most difficult labours. ADVERTISEMENT FROM THE SHADES. Fanny Scratch, the Cockrane ghost, begs to inform her friends and the public, that she has again removed from Hammersmith, and is now resident in Grange-road, Bermondsey. The house is well known, and inquiries will be diligently directed. She may be consulted on all questions concerning her former present state, as, from twelve till one o'clock every night. To prevent disappointment her friends are requested to leave cards, and as she is at liberty on Friday and Sunday midnight, she will employ those hours in delivering chemical lectures on the supernatural, by the bed-side of any believer, not a Swodenborghian, who will express on the subject. I. B.-Files of the Ho hence gazettes. RELIGIOUS PLAYS. At one of those theatrical exhibitions in honour of idol gold, lately, in a village belonging to Canton District, a fire occurred, either by accident, or the design of incendiaries, and according to the acknowledgment of Government, upwards of 200 persons, men and women, were burnt or trodden to death Canton Register. VOLUNTEERS FOR BELGIUM. It is said that several Parisian youths intend to go to Belgium, to assist their brothers, whom Van Maann oppresses. Of this dangerous. step the Tribune de Departments says-" Their number would increase on the road, and on reaching the frontiers they would form a little army, ready to conquer or die with the Belgians, who are parties to the oppression of the Dutch, and the arbitrary rule of ministers. The generous and courageous Frenchmen would-be armed, but they would not be in the pay of any one. Diplomacy may therefore sleep in peace ; there is no conquest in view." We hope, however, that no such intention is seriously entertained. CHINESE ADVERTISEMENTS. It is a custom in China, on losing property, having children stolen and, to stick manuscript bills of advertisements against the walls. The following is a specimen:-" Cbang-chaou-lai, who issues this thanksgiving advertisement, lives outside' the south gate, in Great Tranqitility Lane, where he has opened an incense-smeking-mosquito shop. On the evening of the 12th instant, two of his fellow workmen, in the shop, Nothing and At k, employed a stupifying "drug, which by its fumes sunk all the partners in a deep sleep, during which they robbed the shop of all the money, clothes, &c;, which they could carry away. Next morning, when the partners awoke, no trace was to be found of those two men. If any good people know where they are, and will give information, a thanks offering in flowery red paper of four dollars will be presented. If both the booty and the two men be seized, and delivered over at my little shop, then dollars will be presented. Decidedly I will not eat my words. This advertisement is true. Nearing is about twenty years of age, short stature, has a white face, and no beard. Atik, whose surname is not remembered, is upwards of twenty years of age, Astell, has a sallow face, and no beard. Reign of Taoukwang, 9th year, 9th moon, 3d day." Among the prominent actors in the French revolution was the son of the notorious Thistle wood, who led on a body of the people against the Swiss Guards Sun. Louis' "FOOT.- At a public meeting in Manchester, one of the speakers, referred to the impression of Louis ISth's foot, and the monu- ment in commemoration of his landing on the pier of Calais in the following terms : " Many of his hearers would know that on the pier head', at Calais, there was a monument erected celebrate the entrance of the Bourbons into the kingdom on their restoration. There, also, the print of the first step taken by the Bourbon King was engraved on the stone and it was a remark of a countryman of ours to a Frenchman, during a conversation, that this foot mark- would look much better if it were but turned the other way (laughter). This was the remark of our facetious countryman, Moore. He (Mr. Phillips) (rusted when he or any of his friends next visited Calais, they would find this monument removed, this stone taken up, and sent to Cherbourg, and the impression of the foot there turned to the right-about, to record the departure of the wicked Bourbons from France (Loud cheers and laughter)." Mr. Phillips will be glad to learn that the stone and monument have been removed, but whether the impression, ' turned another way,' decorates the pace of embarkation at Cherbourg, we cannot at present inform him. The following are the lines referred to by Mr. Phillips : " By the by the nt Calais, papa had a touch ' Of romance on the pier that affected me much, As the sight of that spot where our darling Dixhuit, Set the first of his own dear legitimate feet, (Modell'd not so exactly, and-God bless the mark ! 'Tis-a foot, Dolly, worthy so grand a Monarque.) He exclaimed, " oh mon Road" and with tear dropping eye, i , Stood to gaze on the spot while some jacobin nigh, Mattered out with a shrug (what an insolent thing!) " Ma for, he be right, 'tis the Englishman's king ; And dat gros pied de cochon, begar nie vii say, Dat de foot look much better, if turned to der way." 