The Courier of Isstweek has an article (of unusual leneth for that Journal) headed " Colonial Press" We lament that " the Invisible" should have thrown down tile gauntlet upon a subject which he cojild not but bo convinced, his Contemporaries possessing common independence,—that is to say .professing to express, even in the most softened down manner, the very remotest view of the public mind, would be compelled to take tip. We consider ourselves so compelled upon two grounds— first, because two absent persons are attacked—Mr. Hall, of Sydney, and the Editor of the Scotsman Newspaper; and secondly, because principles are set forth, which, unless contradicted on the spot, might he argued upon as fixed and established here, - that they are any thing but such we shall proceed to shew, we trust temperately ami moderately,so as to maintain that position of good will and good humour which we hope will be always preserved between the Courier and ourselves. In order to give our readers a fair view of the whole case, it will be perhaps the best course to first give them those pas sages in an article from that first-rate Journal, the Scotsman, which ihe Courier has copied, aud upon uhich he has com inentcd, and then to give those comments, with our replies thereto. We have not the number of the Scotsman before us in which the article appears, or we should insert the whole; because we do not think that Ihe Courier lias acled altogether fairly in selecting particular passages upon which to ground his ohseri ations, when perhaps it tniulit be necessary, in eider to enable a reader tri comprehend the whole object of the article, to have the confext fully and fairly before him. No writer can ever be fairly treated, if garbled passages are selected to comment upon, we must therefore content ourselves with giving ail which the Courier quotes, and by then copying his observations, endeavour to shew how unfairly lie has treated both the Scotsman and Mr. Ilall, who is the subject of commentary. We shall first take from the Courier those portions of the article in the Scotsman which we find copied therein :— " We pointed out some time ago, the war which onr Colonial Governments have heen waging againit the Press, atone and the same lime, in the most opposite comers nf the world—in Canada and Australia. The prosecutions brought against Mr. Hall, Ertilor of the Sidney Monitor, cannot he regarded as legal efforts to punish on nfl»nee, hut have all Ihe characteristics nf « cruel and vindictive attempt to ruin an obnoxious individual. Within eighteen months, t!ii» unfortunate journalist has been subjected to ten different prosecutions, nil at ihe instance nfihe Government, and most of them I'or lilii Is nn the Gnvernor himself or some other funetioimry, on the ground of public acts 1 The libels were iried according? to tin custom nf iho C(/lon>, bv tnihlnvv juries fni m<-'i each ot seven < flic.er*,named bv the Governor himself, and lhi« ton, in the esses where the Governor «hs li s comp'ainin^ party. Besides these si* aclions, Mr. Hall Ins be.-n proserutcd in fmir oihr-r rns"«, in which pecuniary dnmn:«e« nere snnjit. In (wo of them the Guveinincnl bad been defeated ; and the other two were still p?mii;i«. We dn not remember the preciso ofier.ees in these prnseiiitions, but «« think they consisted in ruch epithets as ' cruel, " oppressive," or • corrupt* to particular ncls of public oflicers. Now, in a country which has no l.-^islature, the press inust he the orur.ii i.f the public grievances ; anil on this ground ^renter liberty nf s;ieeoli and writing shonld be nlloivud in New Smith AVa'es than in England. Yet even in Enclsiid. more intemperate comments on the c'"ings of public ir.en, me passed over every week. But in iiiy loanlry, prosecutions, cot for overects, bat for nords spoken cr printed, bespeak weakness or guilt "U the. part nf the Gorernment. If tile ftntenirnt i.1 Irue, and rela'es to a matter falling fairly within tile ranee nf public discussion, the. journal has merely dune its duty in priming it, nnd prosecution is wanton iiijus-tice. If it is false, authority con easily ri^ht itself hy publishing tho truth at it stands; and the jonrnslist Ihus convicted of telling a gratuitous or malignant untruth, will be sufficiently punished by the loss of ebsrartrr. We admit, that to publish what is partially or wholly false, (wo aro putting o supposition* case) for tho sake of hlackeniug the character of » puh'ic innn, is very provoking to a person sssailed, but law was not made to gratify viodiciire feeiinis, nnd so mnnv advantages result from criticising the act? cf public m> n freely, that those wf'o Ir.ke office should encs-ider themselves hound to rj.ercise foibearance. fn (;i;iicta!, those who feel themselves strong in rec.fitude, ere able to despite yrnundlcss censures ; end the soieneso which General Darling has displayed, is o proof lo ns that there has heen sMncihr g very wriu;^ in his proceedings. The strictures of tii- p.-ss iriitnted liirn, because he had fairly exposed liitn.n-lf in il.cui ; and now it anils his humour In.Iter to sPencc tbe censor which has ennojed him. than to ami nd bis conduct ' " Seme very lecent fsc;a have pl;;ccd ir.e ItRrcchin of Mr. Hall's case in c <eiy strfhir.g p im of view We must inform o.-:r leaders, tiir.t pc.iIv enrtrcv. rsy raged strongly nt Sydney ; nnd til.rt the libels tar which Mr. Hall was piofecu'ed r,-cv.; in psrt at I,nst mlaliaiinns for attscks ma- e oi him by th.e G ivrvnmeot journals, or were protnkc-d hy the harsh cxrrcise of msgis erial pocar nt bin expense. No-.r within these few months, jury trial in its regc'ar fnrm having heen introduced into New South Wulns, Sir. Hall speedily availed himself of this engine to raibo sit actions against funciionarii's ccnnected with (t® Govetnmenl, for illegal r.c.ts don-; to bis injurv, or fev defaming his charncler. lo four nf these actions veidic.ls were given in his favour ; sad one of tie cms was sliil lo be trif d. In one of the eases tbe vermin nasforl'IO, in the others ,'cr 40s., £-25, uud i'5,0 respectively, besides costs. The vnir.o of the ppoplo, speaking hy indcpemlcnt juries, has thus pronounced Mr. Hull an injarrd mai~it has de.lnrcd that he was illegally convicted by four Magistrates, thul his convict servant was unjustly tr,!r;'ii fioni him by another Magistrate ; and in two other cases, that lie was calumniated by ihe Editor of the Goverinnent journal." Let us now see how " the Invieil.le" comments upon (his, and having so done, we shall endeavour to shew the unfair manner in which both the Scotsman and Mr. Hall are treated :— Ooloxial Plir.ss.—'Wo hsr a been requested (o publish tbe following extract from the Scotsman, of Ibe22d September last. The Editor is evidently a man of no mean talents, but people should nnl reason and drew conclusions with an imperfect 'Knowledge of the circumstances of which they treat, and it is curioug to observe l|ie deductions of even a man of sense like the present Editor, from the ore-sided information ho appears lo have received of the lute recurrences at Sydney. We arc averse to mix ourselves np in any way with theliitle, ephemeral, parly disputations that from time to time must occur in nil small communities, such as these remote Colonies are composed of, confining onrselves in our own journal end disquisitions to Mtbjec's of more permanent and general interest, and preferring for iho most pari to lay before our . readers ap ouadprned statement of facts, nnd of lha tta'.u and vicissitudes of the world at Urge from which they might draw their own deductions. It has often, indeed, struck us as a pitce of no small impertinence in an Editor, styling himself ' we,' and who is at best hut a bumble individual, and l>y the judgment he has shewn in the selection ofliis occupation, Dsitber s very wise, nor a very prudent one, to load bis column!, and burden his readers with long accounts ofliis own opinions on subjects, of which those readers are fully equal, if not better qualified than himself to form » correct judgment. "The Editor or the Scotsman evidently draws bis conclusions without having taken the trouble to make himself acquainted ivilb, or to consider his subject.— He condemns General Darling, and praises Mr. Hall, because llio biter lias been convicted of sit libels ajjuinst the former. But General Darling is a public man, and the Governor of a Colony, and the laws regulating I In. Press of these Coliysies, ns in England, ullow of the fullest latitude in discussing public ineufiures. ft appears, however, Mr. Hall was not content with (his, and one of two things must be conceded to him, either that lift wrote from private feeling and attacked the persnn, or that he bundled bis duly, and ur.o unlit to conduot the.business which he bad chosen. Vi'e cannot for ona moment suppose, with the Editor nf the Scotsman, that seven commissioned «>i"icers would be found in any part of tbe King's dominions, heinff from tbeir education and profession j»en of the strictest trulli and honour, who would compromise themselves and declare him to be guilty whom tlu-ir conscience told them was innocent. ID saying this, tbe Kditor of the licotsm,m libds, and that grossly loo, uot sevm officers, but every officer, unvul and military in his Majesty's servicn. ^ as the vcniict of the Jury in these cases opposed to the opinion nnd the law as laid down by the Jud^e, or is lie also included in the gcner.il sweep ? It is the farthest from our intention, if we had ihc moans, to enter into the question whcthiT or not the government of General Darling bo correct or not, but tve must say, that from the tenor of Mr. Hall's writings, aud the consequent proceedings on them, the impression left on the uimtl of an impartial reader must be favourable rather tliau otherwise, which seems also to bo the case iu the judgment of the Home Coveniment. " No species of writing can in our opinion ba more unprofitable, than such as we have occasionally seen in the Sydney Monitor, aud nlihough tbe comments of the Scotsman are evidently, in this inslaooe, conceived fiom ruaierials drawn from that source, we have no wish to keep our readers in the dark respecting the lucubration! of a writer, merely because he is wrong or linlds an opposite opinion from ourselves. \Ye would w ish, if space would allow, to lay every species of information before our renders in order that they might judge foi themselves, and draw their own conclusions. But as we cannot print every thing, it shall be our object, as it lias hitherto been, to print in the first instance wbal appears to us most interesting and useful, and most worthy of being read." Our readers have now before tliera the text and the commentary. They have Mr. Hall and the Scotsman on the one side, and the ilobart Town Courier on the other. A very few words will suffice to shew how unfairly the former are treated by tile latter. We pass ovt;r the compliments to lha talents of the Editor of the Scotsman, being of common place introduction to what follows; little notice is also required of the explanation given by " the Invisible'' of the plan upon which his Journal is conducted, the limiting his observations to " an unadorned statement of facts." We may safely however enquire in what part of the subject before us his strictures upon Mr. Hall and the Scotsman are so limited—whether there is ouo single fact detailed—and whether the whole article is not what he disclaims *' little ephemeral (we trust the subject will be so) party disputation." He charges the Editor of the Scotsman with drawing conclusions without previous investigation of the subject; but he gives in support of this charge not even one single word, we will not say of proof, but even of argument—he makes the charge, but he makes it of his own authority alone. Is this the " unadorned statement of facts" of which he speaks? Is this fair towards any public writer? The time is goue by for general assertions to be of avail io any cause. Proofs are now required iu all cases—in that before us the Invisible offers none. He charges Editors (of course he levels his charge mainly against the Editor of the Scotsman) with " no small impertinence, who styling themselves xce, and who are at best but humble individuals, in loading their columns with their own opinions on subjects of which their readers are belter qualified than themselves to Jorm a correct judgment." This is certainly a sweeping Anathema. It strikes at tha very root of newspaper discussion, and would be destructive of the very best effects of the Public Press. What is it which has so much enlightened mankind but the materials for thinking afforded by newspaper dissertation? The Invisible acted manfully in some time ago adopting the pronou/j personal " /," in preference to the editorial " JVE.*' He then came forth upon his own responsibility ; and the reader who referred to the imprint,could affix such value to the opinions he had before biro,as the name he the sawas there author of them would induce. The Editorial " we" prevents this. It assumes a plura- rity of authority, and an incognito consequent thereon, which abstracting from thewritings all reference to the writer,leaves them to be estimated according to their own native intrinsic value. Thus it was that the Invisible, feeling the inconvenience of the individual " /," returned to the old and accustomed " tee" of his brethren of the periodical press. The charge therefore of " impertinence'" either goes for nothing, or it tends to render Newspapers utterly valueless, unless considered as the mere registers of births, marriages, and deaths, arrivals and departures, and such other common-place matter as would leave mankind in utter ignorance of every thing political. This may be a most convenient system under a Despotic Government, and exactly that for endeavouring to establish which in France Charles X. was most proper! v hulled from bis throne, and himself and his family rendered outcast* from their native land. All the celebrated " ordinances which have probably cost De Polignac and De Peyronnett their lives, were exactly to the same effect which the Ilobart Town Courier would now insist upon — that Newspaper Editors are an impertinent set, and that their interference with public matters is extremely rude and inconvenient. Tiiis is what the Despots of Europe have all attempted, but happily in vain ; and yet this is what the Editor of a private property Journal in Van Diemen's Land considers necessary, ivho, was not the Proprietor thereof the Government Printer, he would be compelled to bestir himself a little more in giving his readers somewhat additional of " Editorial impertinence" than he at present finds it necessary to take the trouble of affording them. The Invisible proceeds to state, that " the Editor of the Scotsman condemns General Darling and praises Mr. Hall, because the latter has been convicted of six libels against the former." Now here again is a most unfair and indeed a most inaccurate assertion. We have copied the extract from the Scotsman which the Courier makes, upon which he grounds his attack, and our readers have seen that it contains not one syllable which can justify such a charge. If ever there was "an unadorned statement of facts," it is that which is made by the Scotsman. The Editor makes little, if any assertion. He states circumstances as they occurred, and he makes the obvious and natural deductions which arise from them. Surely then it is mo/st unfair to assign motives to him upon which to assert that he writes, when not one syllable appears in the text to justify such a charge against him. But all this is nothing to what follows—to the syllogistic sort of dilemma (if we may so express ourselves) between the horns of which the Courier wishes to place Mr. Hall. The invisible is a scholar and an accomplished one—figures of rhetoric are familiar to him—and (to use the well known words of the greatest of political writers) " they dance before him in all the mazes of metaphorical confusion." But surely he must have been under the influence of extraordinary misconception when without one syllable of previous statement (we content ourselves with that most inauthoiatative word) when he attaches to Mr. Hall one of two propositions, either of them any thing but creditable to him, " either that he wrote from private feeling, and ATTACKED THE PERSON, or that he bungled his duty and teas unfit to conduct the business he had chosen." Now had Mr. Hall beeu proven by the Courier to have been guilty of either of these charges, we should most cordially unite in the opinion that his conduct was unjustifiable. Believing as we do fully, that the private personal feelings of the Invisible are most kind and friendly, we rejoice, most heartily do we rejoice, to see in the respectable pages of the Courier, such severe censure of " attacks upon the person."" Thi3 is indeed highly gratifying to us, who have had bitter reason to unite, heart and soul, in so honorable and manly a sentiment; and therefore again we say, most sincerely do we rejoice to see the sentiments we have quoted, recorded in the Courier. But how does either horn of the dilemma approach Mr. Hall ? It is not enough to assert that he wrijtes either against the person, or that he is unfit to write, without at the very least adducing somewhat in proof of so sweeping a charge. And our readers have seen, and will see by reference to (he extract made from the Scots- man, that there is not one word, not even the shadow, the ghost, of a single syllable, to bear out the Invisible in the charge he has made 1 But if this is both unfair and unjust, how much more so is it to charge, as the Courier does broadly, tbe Editor of the Scotsman with " libelling every, officer, naval and military in His Majesty's service ?" Where does the Invisible find the Scotsman assert that any British Officers have ever delivered verdicts contrary to their consciences ? It is one thing to state that the members of a certain profession, from peculiar habits and feelings, cannot divest themselves of, no doubt an unconscious, bias in certain cases. It is one thing to assert this, and another to charge them broadly with acting at variance with the dictates of the conscience. What military man will deny, that from habit he is accustomed so to venerate the name of his Sovereign, whose servant he supposes (MOST ERRONEOUS- LY, and «o the Schoolmaster abroad is rapidly convincing) himself to be, that in all cases he feels an unconscious horror at the idea of any thing which is called " disloyalty," — which magic word has (until the Schoolmaster went abroad) been so adroitly but so unjustly applied to all cases where to crush an individual OT a cause was the object, that, it is impossible for anv man to say,that in a political question, when the King's rights ar^SUPPOSED to be concerned, any military men, let their honor, and attention to it, be ever so nice, could sit with unbiassed minds (unconsciously so) in judgment. What if Mr. Hone had been tried, as he was three times over, by Military Juries, and that the Judge had, as Lord Ellenborough did, and as other Judges have done with little better success elsewhere, so ungenerously, but so openly pitted himself against the accused,—would Mr. Hone, we ask, in such case have been quite so sure of acquittal as he was, when he ventured to tell Lord Ellenborough upon that unjust Judge giving an opinion unfavorable to him, " that,my Lord is your opinion, I am of a different, one, and I think your Lordship will find the Jury are so also." Would not a Military Jury, accustomed to the strictness and severity of military discipline, .and to look with such sacred veneration upon every thing connected with the Sovereign, have been (unconsciously again and again we say) somewhat startled at such boldness, and felt a prejudice arise which they could neither account for nor overcome ? And does not this feeling accompany all cases where the King's name is made the stalking horse, the scarecrow of the whole affair? And do not those of that heart searing profession , the Law, who seek to destroy .always knowhow to work upon this feeling with that adroitness peculiar to that profession ? In a word, is it possible for any man who is made to appear as hostile to the Government (which military men are always made to believe is to be hostile to theKing their master) tojiave as fair and unbiassed a trial by military men, serving that King, and looking upon him with an almost religious veneration, as he would have by a Jury of citizens, of his own class, who looking upon the King but merely as the Chief Magistrate, paid by the people to perform certain duties, which the laws they themselves make, dictate to him, are rather disposed to protect the Citizen against the aggression of the Government, than to lean in favor of the Government againsttheCitizen ? Will theTnvisiblcdeny this ? Let him look at what is now passing in Europe. Does he be believe he may venture to assert, that the Prussian or Austrian despots have hesitated to repeat their former crusades against liberty from any real change in their opinions—from any favouring of that sacred cause—from any leaning towards that soul-inspiring principle; will he venture to assert that the despots of Continental Europe would not again march tiieir Legions to stifle the rights of man, did not they feel some anxiety as to the way of thinking of those Legions themselves, or rather that the Schoolmaster being abroad, they have begun to think ? No ! no! the Courier may rest assured that the tyrants hate and abhor the Tri-color in the utmost bitterness of soul, as rancorously as ever! That Charles the X. at Lulworth, is in heart Charles the X. in the Tuilleries, and that, like Nero, he would, that all the partizans of liberty had but one head, and that he had the power to destroy them at a single blow ! Let us not be understood to insinuate any, even the very slightest idea, that soldiers would do apparent injustice, knowing it to be so. On the very contrary, it is to vindicate them from the possibility of being implicated in the charge so unjustly made by the Courier against the Editor of the Scotsman, of having so calumniated them that we now write.— So far from military men being capable of acting conscientiously dishonourably—for so would be the acting unjustly—that it is their scrupulous adherence to chivalric principles of honor, which in certain cases blinds their cooler and better judgment, and renders them therein insomuch unfitted to discharge the duties of Citizen Jurymen. Nevertheless, we are not so very inseparably attached to the system now in adoption in Britain of constituting Juries, as not to be quite aware of its manifest defects, which as the march of intellect advances, daily more conspicuously appear. The people of Scotland, — that close thinking,slow judging,mathematical people,—are pausing in their judgment as to whether their old system of trial by their Fifteen Judges, is not preferable to trial by petty Juries, taken from that class of the people, who are not always the very best iuformed, and enabled to decide upon questions of peculiar nicety. We are not quite certain whether the North British are not right. It is seldom that a verdict delivered by fifteen men, well educated, well informed, holding their offices for life, and insomuch beyond the reach of the influence of the Crown, can be very decidedly unjust.— But it may, and it frequently does happen, that twelve common Jurymen are so biassed-so influenced — so ruled by a dictorial charge of one prejudiced Judge, that much injury is worked, which, if, as in Scotland, the affair was to be decided by fifteen independent gentlemen, such as are the Scottish Judges, never could take place. We purpose however, if possible in our next, to enter in some detail into the subject of the " abomination," as it is openly designated in Parliament, of the British law, as it is at present administered here; and we therefore defer until then the farther investigation of this part of the subject before us. We have, we hope proved that the attack of the HobartTown Courier upon Mr. Hall and the Scotsman, is unmerited, as well iu fact, as it is even by the shewing of the Invisible himself. We have felt it a duty incumbent upon us, injustice to two absent writers (both of whom we estimate very highly, and one of whom, the Scotsman, is so estimated by those the best qualified to judge perhaps in the whole world, the political and literary people of the " Modem Athens") to endeavour to vindicate them from that attack. Whether that his endeavour has been successful, the public will have to decide upon. It has at least heen made with that good humour, and in that kindly spirit, which, we trust, will always be found to appear in whatever little public differences may exist (and we hope and believe none other than puttie ever can arise) between our contemporary and ourselves. 