THE MODERN ULYSSES. No sooner was the hatchment mounted over the portico of Beechwood-hall, announcing that its late proprietor, Sir John Denyers, was dead, and that his widow had succeeded to the splendid mansion and broad lands, than it was hailed, as the signal for attack, by all the unmarried men within a circumference of twenty miles. They flocked to her by scores, arrayed in the mourning cloak of condo- lence, endeavouring to smuggle in their love under the disguise of sympathy. Her lawyer, a hale ba- chelor of 60, requested she would do him the honour to consider him less in the light of a professional adviser than a friend zealous for her interests, and would fain have presented her with a title to his ser- vices in his shrivelled hand : but he had already given her a surfeit of parchment ; and the man of law discovered that, although his suit had frequently been successful in those courts where the presiding goddess is represented to be blind, it was quite another thing to plead his cause before a woman with her eyes open, in fact, ere she had worn the weeds of widowhood for six weeks, her paths were beset, and her dwelling besieged ; and never, certainly, had woman a better chance of mending her luck, for there was not one of the whole five-and-forty lovers who was not willing to stake his life upon the since- rity and disinterestedness of his affection. She could not open a window in hor homo, but a myriad of billets-doux came showering into it like a snow- storm. She could not take a walk in ber most pri- vato grounds, but a lover started from behind every bush, and flung himsolf upon bis knees in the path before hor. Others, again, affecting bucolics, would wander forth into tho fiolds, crook in hand, and carve hor nnmo upon every tree, to tho groat endan gormont of her timbor. Evory domestic in her house- hold was bribed by one or other of her suitors, and she wa« under the consequent nocossity of changing her establishment twice a-year, from the lady'i» maid to the stable-boy. Whilo, however, thoro oxiots not a rebel in tho citadel of the heart, the fortress will hold out long against oxtornal assaults ; and the widow had got somo antediluvian notions into hor head about " first love," " respect for the memory of the dead," &c.; which, although, no doubt, extrorooly silly, had the effect of disinclining hor from a second speculation in the hazardous adventure of matrimony. As the number of her suitors increased, their individual chances of success, of course, diminished, and their audacity boing in the exact ratio of their despair, her own mansion was no sanctuary against the intru- sion of her uubidden guests. The matchless impu- dence of ono of her visitors deserves particular re- cord. Ithappenod one day the widow went out, for several houis, to call on a friend at some distance, leaving only two male domestics, the butler and a footboy in the house. Towards evening, a horse- man rode up to the hall door, and applied himself, with more than ordinary energy to the knocker. He wns a toll, military-looking personage, with a cast of features that might have been termed handsome, but for a cynical expression, whioh much detracted from their pleasing effect. The strangerflunghis rein to the boy, desiring him to take his horse to the stable and havo it well littered down for the night, and then stalked into the house, and, not- withstanding reiterated announcements from the servants in the chorus of " Mistress is not at horne, sir," stopped not until he reached the dining-par lour, when, turningto the butler, who hnd followed him, he said, " Here, let that valisa be taken up irito her ladyship's chamber, and let a fire be lit there, for it's rather cool." " Very cool, indeed," said the domestio, applying the epithet to the spea- ker, and not to the weather, and was meditating some impertinent observation, when the stranger, carelessly, as if it had been his handkerchief, drew a pistol from encb pocket, and placed it on the tnble before him. The butler who had a mortal dread of fire-arms, quitted the apartment in baste, as if to do the stranger's bidding, but, in reality, to commu- nicate tb his fellow-domestics, the females, his sus- picions of the character of tho guest. Tbeir con- versation was, however, soon interrupted by the violent ringing of the bell ; and it was some time bofore Geoffry could summon courage to answer it. " Your pleasure, sir 1" said he, re-entering the din ing-parlour. " Some dinner !" responded the other. The butler pnused, but at length said, " Very sorry, sir, hut we have not got any thins in the house." " Thou look in tbo poultry-yard," was the reply, " and let me havo a broiled chicken in half an hour." The other stared, but the stranger's eyes bnppening to fall upon the pistols, Geoffry seemed to under- stand the appeal, and, being anxious to go off first, hurried out to counsel the sacrifice of a chicken to their common safety. In the course of the half hour the dish was smok- ing before the guest, who, having no notion of glasses being placed on the table for the mere pur- pose of ornament, pronounced the monosyllable " Wine." '* If you please, sir," said Geoffry, " we can't get at any, for misstress has got the key of the wine- cellar in her pocket." " Nonsense !" exclaimed the other, " who ever heard of a wine cellar with only one key 1-why, keys in a great man's bouse are like pistols, there aro always two of a pattern." The allusion had its eflfoct ; Geoffry vanished in an instant, and shortly re-appeared as Ganymede. In a few minutes afterwards the noise of wheels announced the return of Lady Denyers, who, on being informed of the stranger's arrival, like a woman of spirit, went straight into the din- ing-room to demand an explanation. On the next instant the servants heard a loud scream from their mistress, and, concluding that she was murdered, they, very dutifully, ran out of the house, and set off, at full speed, each in a different direction, for the doctor. It seemed that no sooner had the lady cast her eyes upon her visiter than she uttered a piercing shriek, and sank upon the carpet. Now, when a man faints away, the approved method of treatment is to kick and cuff him till he recover ; but with a woman the case is somewhat différent. The stranger raised her in his arms, threw half a glass of water in her face, and poured the remainder down her throat, and, at last, succeeded in restoring the patient. " And is it really you, Sir John 1" exclaimed the lady, when she became somewhat tranquil. " Ay, in very deed, Caroline," was the reply; " ghosts do not drink Madeira and devour chickens." "Then you were not killed and eaten by those frightful Ashante'-al" " You greatly wrong that very res pectableand much-slandered people," said Sir John ; " they hnve better tastes, and preferred my society to my" flesh, insomuch that I had some difficulty in escaping from their hospitalities'!" "I hope, my dear," said the lady, " you were duly sensible of their attentions ?" I was very nearly being in- sensible to them and every thing else, for the worthy gentleman who did mo the honour to engross my society, seeing me determined on quitting him, fol- lowed me as far as ho could, and then fired a parting salute from his musket, into which ho had, inad- vertently, put a bullet, and left me with half an ounco of lead in mv shoulder." " O dear !" ex- claimed the lady, " how very horrid ! and did you walk all the way in that state ?" " I did not walk two hundred yards, my love, for I fell into a bush, exhausted from loss of blood, when I was picked up by nn Ashantee damsel of sixty, whose charms would have made your ladyship jealous, and who extracted the ball, put a plaster of herbs to my wound, and smugglled mo down to Cape Coast Castle, where I found the report of my death so well authenticated, that I waa challenged by an Hibernian brother oflicer for presuming to doubt it." " And were you so rash as to fight with him 1" No, for I had not time, being anxious to embark for England, to relieve your anxieties end to save my executors as much "trouble as possible. But how is my nephew 1" " O, in high health and spirits, and inconceivably vain of the title." " I am very sorry for that, because I bave not quite done with it." At this moment a noise was heard in the passage, occasioned by the return of the domestics, bringing with them the posse comitatus nnd fourteon of the lady's lovers, who, taking it for granted that the ferocious ruffian would have escaped before their ar- rival, valiantly rushed to her rescue. When, how- ever, they heard the voice of the intruder in the parlour, it became a point of precedence among them which should enter first ; at length, a clown, in the background, pressing forward to get a glimpse of what was going on, inadvertently applied the stimi lus of a pitchfork to the rear of the man before bim, who communicating the impetus to the next, it passed on to the van, and they all blundered into the room, where, to tlieir utter astonishment, they beheld the living Sir John tête-a-téte with his lady. Doubtless you will conclude the baronet enacted Ulysses on the occasion, and drove out his rivals at point of sword. Credit me, reader, he did no such thing : he was an old soldier, and a man of the world, and knew better iban to make enemies of fourteen blockheads ; so be ordered up a dozen of claret, and they made a night of it.-Humour ist. 