Domestic Intelligence. [BY OUR REPORTER.] SUPREME COURT.—CRIMINAL SIDE. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21st.—Before Mr. Justice DOWLING and the usual Military Commission. Alexander Thompson was indicted for steal- ing in a dwelling-house 1,000 dollars, value £200 ; 1,000 pieces silver coin value £200 ; 200 crowns value £50 ; 200 half-crowns value £25 ; 400 shillings value £20 ; 200 sixpences value £5 ; one bag value 1s. ; and one hand- kerchief value 1s. the property of one James Quigley, at Sydney, on the 7th day of Sep- tember last, Second and third counts charged the prisoner with the same offence in different terms. The indictment being read, and the Jury about to be sworn, the prisoner objected to a Juryman, Lieut. Burrowes, on the ground of a long standing-ill feeling by the Juror against the prisoner. Lieut. Burrowes immediately and voluntarily withdrew, and Lieut. the Hon. Cecil Gordon was sworn in his stead. Major Croker, Lieut. Scarnell, Captain Durnford, Quarter- master Lloyd, Captain Forbes, Lieut. Graham, and Lieut. Gordon were then sworn in as a Jury. Dr. Wardell observed, that the information charged the prisoner with three distinct indict- ments, and that it was usual for the prosecutor to select one and proceed on it alone. The Court was of opianion that the indict- ment was properly drawn for the greater security of justice, and the trial proceeded. Mr. Wentworth, for the Crown, stated the case. James Quigley—I am a shopkeeper living in Sydney ; I carried on business in the name of Quigley and Son, that is, in the name of my father, whose name is Peter, and my own name, which is James ; in the beginning of September I intended to embark on board ship for Hobart Town, and on the 5th of that month I sent my trunk to the prisoner's house ; my trunk contained some wearing apparel for the voyage ; the prisoner at the bar was aware of my going to Hobart Town ; he came to me on the Sunday before, and looked at an inventory of some goods which he proposed to purchase of me, and I then told him I was going ; I sent my trunk to the prisoner's house to get a key made to it ; the prisoner is a locksmith as well as a gene- ral dealer, and said he could make a key for it ; I was going to Hobart Town with the in- tention of absconding from my creditors, as I was greatly in debt ; on Tuesday the 6th, I went to the prisoner's house in King-street, and I understood from a Mr. Mills there, that the key was made ; I told the prisoner, that I intended to take some cash with me, and asked him if he could give me a small box to hold two or three hundred pounds in silver ? he took me down under the shop, and shewed me some empty boxes which had held window glass ; I selected one, and he told me, he would send it up to my house, which stands at the corner of Pitt and Market-streets ; accor- dingly I received a box from him ; I placed in it, a bag made of osnaburgh, containing two hundred pound's worth of dollars, and a red silk handkerchief containing British silver ; the money in the handkerchief consisted of Britiih five-shilling pieces, half-crowns, shil lings, and six-pences. I packed the bag of dollars and the silk handkerchief of silver in the box, and nailed a piece of board on it as a lid. Dennis Ryan, an assigned servant to me, a tailor by trade, who made the bag, then took the box on his shoulder, and I told him to take it to Mr. Thompson's in King-street, saying I would follow him ; I followed him and never lost sight of him ; he was about two yards a-head of me when he got to the priso- ner's house, and when I got into the shop, the box lay on the counter; Mr. Mills, the pri- soner's clerk, was in the shop ; I went round the counter and told him to open the box, which he did ; he put the box off the counter into my trunk, which I locked forthwith and put the key in my pocket ; I told the clerk, that there was £300 in the box ; I had other cash, notes of the Bank of New South Wales to the amount of £88, which I gave on the same day into the hands of Mrs. Thompson to exchange for me for dollars or British silver ; either on the Monday or Tuesday I also gave Thomp- son himself, two fifty pound Bank notes, one of the Bank of New South Wales, and one of the Bank of Australia ; also two one-pound Bank notes ; Thompson also was to get them exchanged for silver ; he was aware that I had given the other notes to his wife, for I told him of it ; Thompson agreed also to buy of me a house situate in Kent and Market- streets, for 290l ; I made this bargain with him on account of his assisting me to leave the Colony clandestinely. On Wednesday morning I left my own house and went to the prisoner's dwelling, where I remained until late at night. While I was there, the prisoner told me, that the Captain of the brig Samuel, in which I was to depart, had been at his house, and had told him that, she would sail that night or next morning ; I owed Mr. Byers £100 for tobacco ; he came to Thompson's the day I was there, and told me he would also assist me to get away ; he agreed to send me on board in his boat ; that night Mr. Byers came to Thomp- son's to take me on board, but before I went, I accompanied Thompson and Byers across the Race- course, to the house of Mr. Keith ; Byers and the prisoner had bought my house between them ; when we got to Mr. Keith's, we found that the deeds of transfer were already drawn up ; Byers carried a bag of dollars, which he and I counted out, and found them to amount to £100, they were in a shot bag ; we executed the deeds, and this £100, was paid to me in consideration of the purchase.money ; I returned with Mr. Thompson to his house, it was raining very hard ; when we got there, Mr. Byers brought one or two men, to wheel down my things to the boat ; before my trunk was car- ried away, I deposited the shot-bag full of dollars, in my trunk, tied up in the same man- ner as I had received it from Mr. Byers ; the prisoner was in a remarkably great hurry to get the things away ; Mr. Byers too made it appear, that his boat was waiting ; I roped the box, the prisoner assisting me ; I said to him "you have not got the £190," which he said was little enough for his trouble ; I then went down, (my box having gone down before me,) to a boat that was waiting at the Government domain, and which took me on board the schooner Samuel ; it was a dark night and raining very hard ; it was therefore with much difficulty we made the vessel ; when I got on board, presented a letter to the master of the vessel which Mr. Byers had furnished me with ; upon reading it, he said that he did not know Mr. Byers, and had no room for passen- gers ; the boat however in which I had gone on board the vessel had shoved off, and I was forced so remain on board ; next morning Captain Bunn's clerk, Mr. Molle, came on board, and asked me to pay Captain Bunn's claim on me ; I went on shore with Mr. Molle to the light-house, and when there, I told him I was ready to pay the amount, pro- vided I should be allowed to proceed on my voyage ; accordingly, having taken the box of dollars out of my trunk, I forced off the lid with an iron instrument ; on examining the contents, I found brick ends, stones, and straw, but no dollars ! (laughter). I exclaimed to Mr. Molle that I had been robbed, and shewed him the box and contents ; I then looked for the hundred pounds that Thompson had paid me for the house, and which I had also, put in the trunk ; that was safe ; I had put the handkerchief containing this sum into the trunk immediately on my return from Mr. Keith's, and just before the trunk was taken down to the boat ; Mr. Molle, Captain Bunn's clerk, wanted some money to pay for his horse's keep, and asked me to lend him some. I put my hand into the handkerchief and pulled out a handful of dollars, among which I perceived some peculiarly marked ones, which I thought I knew ; I came into Sydney, and the dollar which I afterwards identified was given up to the Police. Cross-examined by Dr. Wardell—The dollar which I could swear to, was not shewn to me after I gave it up at the Police Office ; I un- derstood that it was sealed up for me to iden- tify on the present trial ; I inspected the dollars before the examination at the Police Office, and was satisfied they were part of the money taken from my dollar box ; the reason for my not paying Mr. Molle on board the Samuel, was, because I did not like to unpack my box on board ; the captain of the Samuel, upon my presenting Mr. Byers's letter, had said he did not know Mr. B., and I should have left the vessel, but that the boat had shoved off ; I had some Treasury Bills in my pocket ; I intended to return to Sydney when my business was settled. In the Supreme Court, on my examination as an insolvent, since my return from the Samuel, I accused a person named Fraser of detaining from me 359l in Treasury Bills, which I had given him to take care of for me ; I gave the money to Frazer to keep for me on the 8th of Sep- tember, and on application afterwards to the Supreme Court to declare me insolvent, I swore to this circumstance ; my insol- vency took effect on the 10th of September, so that the bills then became the property of my creditors ; I was examined touching my in- solvency, but I do not know that Frazer's claim was included in my schedule ; I could not swear at the Police Office upon which side of the dollar the particular mark, by which I recognized it, was made ; I am not twenty one years of age ; the house I sold was the property of my father, who is now in Europe ; I intend to go to Hobart Town, but whether I should have remained there I cannot tell ; I intended to go to London, and I should have gone to Ireland to see my father ; I am sure my father did not know of, nor would he suffer me to defraud my creditors ; I sold my house to the prisoner and Mr. Byers, jointly, for the sum of 234l ; it was worth upwards of 300l ; the title that I gave to the house would stand good, had I not sold it clandestinely, as I had a power of attorney from my father when he left the Colony to collect out-standing debts, and to conduct the business ; the deeds were drawn by Mr. Keith, and the money paid over in his parlour ; I counted the money, but did not then pay any particular attention to the marks on the dollars. George Jilks—I produce a packet which was sealed up at the Police Office by Captain Rossi, and put in any care ; I believe it to contain two dollars that were produced upon the examination of Thompson at the Police Office. Mr. Wentworth was about to put the two dollars into the hands of Quigley that he might identify them, when Dr. Wardell objected to such a proceeding, contending that as the witness Quigley had selected these pieces out of 12 or 1500 dollars, if his knowledge of the dollars was so good, he might as well now select them out of a few other dollars, they be- ing first mingled together. A long argument took place on this point, when Mr. Justice Dowling said, that though he accorded with Dr. Wardell as to the superior fairness of mixing the dollars about to be identified by the witness, amongst others, as a test of the wit- ness's accuracy and veracity, yet inasmuch as it was pressed upon him by the Counsel for the prosecution, as a matter of right, he must order, that the dollars be presented to the wit- ness in the usual form. The witness Quigley then examined the two dollars, and swore to one, to the best of his belief, as having formed part of the robbery. He knew it by a parti- cular round stamp, independently of other numerous marks upon it, having had it in his possession about three months. Quigley examined by Mr. Wentworth—I was accompanied by Mr. Jilks and two other constables to search the prisoner's house ; in the bed-room I saw a piece of osnaburgh in a chair, which I pointed out to Mr. Jilks, and he took it into his possession ; this piece of osnaburgh was of the same quality and of the same size as that which contained the dollars which were stolen from the box ; Mr. Jilks searched the house, and could not find any- more osnaburgh in the house. I do not exactly recollect, but I think there was a piece of thle same sort of cloth produced at the exa- mination at the Police Office, as being that from which the portion that the bag was made of, was cut. (To be continued in our next)) FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18—Before the CHIEF JUSTICE and the usual Military Commission. Michael Lynch was indicted for the wilful murder of William Payne, by shooting him with a leaden bullet from a gun discharged by him, on the 19th of July last, at Dunn's Plains ; and Erdward Slingsby and Dennis O'Brien, were indicted for aiding and abetting in the said murder. A second count charged Dennis O'Bryen with tihe wilful mnurder of William Payne, at Dunn's Plains, on the 19th of July last ; and Michael Lynch and Edward Slingsby as aiding and abetting in the said murder. The Attorney General opened the case to the Jury and called witnesses. Edward Grimes—I am a free man and live at Bathurst ; in July last I lived at Dunn's Plains, in the employ of Mr. William Payne, the deceased ; on Tuesday the 19th of July I was out in the garden, when a shepherd came in and reported that there were four ducks in the creek, which is about 250 yards from the house ; the sun was just going down, and Mr. Payne took his single-barrelled gun, and I accompanied him to the top of the hill, where Patrick Brown, the shepherd, point- ed out the place where the ducks were ; I stood on the top of the hill ; the ducks took wing, and Mr.Payne fired, but missed them, and the shepherd said they had lighted down by the big tree ; Mr. Payne said, "I will go and have another rap at them ;" he went to the house, re-loaded his piece, and I saw him go over the hill at the back of the house, the shortest way to the place where the ducks were ; he had his gun with him then, and went alone ; I followed him carelessly, and when I got within 200 yards of him, I saw three men coming down towards me ; each had a musket ; the hill where they came down was on my left hand, and I was much surprised to see that they had their faces blackened, and had a very dirty appearance; I said, "good even- ing,"—"oh, good evening," they answered and continued, "stand fast ! if you make any resistance, you are a dead man." One of them then asked me who that was down by the creek ? I said, my master; one of them said, "that is the very fellow we want ;" two of them then ordered the third to take charge of me, which he did, with a musket pointed to my breast, and the other two went down to my master, I saw the men go down, but the man that was over me, ordered me not to look ei- ther at them or at him ; I then heard the two men say, either give up your arms or lay them down, I cannot say which, when Mr. Payne said in a loud voice "Who are you God damn your eyes ! what do you want ?" I then heard a sort of a loud cooey, and a shot went off, which was followed very quickly by another, and then by a third ; by and bye, the man who was over me with the musket said, (For continuation of this trial, see last page ) (Continued from third page.) "the man is shot, and I am very sorry for it ; if I had been there, it should not have hap- pened ;" I said, "I hope you will not serve me the same way ?" he answered, "no ; if you make no resistance a hair of your head shall not be hurt ;" in about 20 minutes one of the men came from Mr. Payne, and said to my keeper, "What sort of a character is this ?" he is a pretty good one, answered my keeper ; to which the other man replied, "it is a good job for you that you are, or we would have served you as we did the cove ;" one of the two men that was with me then asked me, how many men there were about ? and told me if they found me telling a lie, they would shoot me dead ; I then told them all I knew, being in fear ; I told them there was a double bar- relled piece, two pistols, and a musket of my own behind the door in the kitchen, and plenty of ammunition in the house ; they marched me up to the house ; the kitchen is detached from and behind the house, about 12 or 14 yards ; one of the men went round to the kitchen, and desired the boy to give the piece from behind the kitchen-door, which, after being ordered by me, he did ; the boy was a government boy, named Thomas Bruffy, em- ployed as a kitchen servant ; they then ordered Bruffy to give them a light, which he did, and they ordered me into the kitchen, and one stood sentry at the kitchen door ; after the third man had come up from Mr. Payne, they went into the house ; one of the two men from the house asked me for the key of the store ; I told him I did not know where it was : he made me go and shew him the store, which I did, and he returned me to the kitchen ; one of them came a second time and asked for an axe, which was given either by Broffy or me, and I heard blows, as if breaking something. Mr. Payne never kept his drawers locked, save the one where his money was. One man brought out a pannikin of liquor and handed it to the boy, telling him to drink, and then give it to me ; I put it to my lips and spilt it down my breast, not wish- ing to drink, and it was handed to my wife who was in the kitchen with us, and she drank. The man who was at the kitchen door asked if there were any victuals dressed ? and my wife got them some tea and victuals, which she handed out to them, and I think they took it out of her hands with their arms covered over their faces ; when they were eating, one of our men named Shaw was coming up with a calf, and one of the men said "stand back !" to which Shaw said, believing it to be his master, "What shall I do with the calf, Sir ?" The man said, "Don't Sir me, I am no more than yourself." He had his piece levelled at the man, going to shoot him, when my wife said, "for God's sake don't shoot him, for he is a simple fool". The bushranger then ordered him to come on ; after he had put the calf up, they ordered him into the kitchen, where he sat down by the fire and never looked up after. The sentry at the kitchen door then asked the boy how the master behaved to us ? to which he answered that he behaved uncommonly well; "well" said he, " the b——r is in hell now, he had a beard like a ghost, and we have made a ghost of him. (My master had never shaved from the time he left Sydney.) He then asked for horses, and orded me to tell the boy to fetch horses for them ; they told the boy if he did not come back, they would take my life ; the boy went and returned, saying he could not find a horse ; they sent him a second time and he brought a mare, which they ordered to be saddled and bridled ; the boy harnessed the mare, and they made him assist them to put some things they had ready packed up on the mare ; my wife then asked them if they would let us go down and look after the body of Mr. Payne, for fear the native dogs should destroy it ? They an- swered us, that if any one left the house they would shoot him, as a watch would be kept all night on the house ; they then went away, and they told me that the next morning I might go and make my report ; at the time they were in the house, the piece that the sentry had in his hand went off, and they said they were very sorry for it, as my wife was in a bad state of health ; I really do think it was acci- dental, but cannot say whether it was the master's piece, or his own, that went off ; he had them both in his hand ; this was after he had levelled at the man with the calf, and I do not think he half-cocked the piece again ; one man said to my wife, "I suppose you will be coming into Bathurst some day to swear our lives away." She said, "No, my boys, there is none of us that know you." He an- awered, "No, my own mother would not know me now." I should know the man who stood sentry over me at the hill ; I can under- take to swear positively to him ; he put me in fear enough, and gave me cause to know him well ; the sun was just down ; but it was light enough for my master to go and shoot ducks ; tile prisbner~on ti lioft in the dooks.SIingaby, Is-the man wlio stood' over- me first'? I' swear positively to him tlihere i a'particulir m`nark on- Sllngaby that I ibticed on the anight of the mnurd r ; lie has lost the'fore'fh ger-of his right lhand; I had ample oppiorthnity of noticing the man who stood sentry over tlihe kitcien, and should know hiin also; the middle man 'in tdie dock, Deonni O'Biian, is' the man; I ivent with:Biuffy, Shaw, and my wife,.into the house shortly,aftcr they were gone, and saw every thing an the house capsized and thlrown about; the spiritlkegs was upset, and the rum runbing, over the room ; there. were, some slheets and slirts taken away, and I missed a tin' panikin which we used to hdde' sugar with, but I should not khow it again; next morning at daylight, niyself, Bi3ovn, Sliv, and Bruffy, went' where the bbody wa: 5 the' deceased lay dh his back with the Lftrarm extended from 'it, the right hand close by his side, and two bullet holes in., :lhis breast .I left ,a man in charge of the bod,, and irode .o Bilthhist on a horse 'bel'ngihRigto a Mr'. Potter tlhat waS on the run; the houiise was ab6ut'2l 'nilds frbth Bthiursit, I made tile fihst' report -toMr Steel, the nearest mrgistraute, about 4 miles from Bai'hhrsit, whotold me'to prboeed'oiiand report it ; I reported it to lMajor Macpherson, and a party of polite was otdered out under Mr. Maule; I conducted themn to the house, and found the body as I had left it ; when we found the body the morning after the murder, it was in the same place where I had seen my master standing the ervning before, when we was looking for the ducks ; his gun whis'lying a few yards' ro0m the~ body, dlecharged, and the hammer of the percussion lock broken; I should know the clothes my master wore, if I were to see them ; he'had all his clothes on; he had a striped shlrt, a black waistcoat, a green shooting coat, and a green forage cap on; the clothes produced are the same he wore, and the marks of the two bullets are plain in them; he wore these clothes all that day. Cross-examined by Mr. Rowe-The man who stood sentry over me expressed sorrow when my master was shot; I did not hear the other two men 'say what they were going to do with my master ; They said, that they wan ted a little tea and sugar and tobacco out of the stores, after the master was shot; I did not hear the two men say what they wanted with my master, when they first left us to go to him; my wife is here to day; Patrick Brown the shepherd. is also here; Brown was not present at the time my master was shot; I was following him at a little distance, but I did not tell him that I was going to follow him : there were three shots fired at the time the men were down with him ; I cannot say who fired first, but 1 should say from my own opinion, that the master fired first, though I was not looking at the time ; they were not twenty yards nor half of it from him when they fired, as the cloaths are burnt with the fire from the muskets ; I did not know what sum of money my master had in the house. I knew where the store was, and where his money drawer was, and I heard him tell a man, that he had nothing less than a ten-pound note to pay for a Cow which he bought- I never told my wife where the drawer was where he kept the money; all the money was gone the next morning, except a shilling, which was found in the house and some coppers in the street; all the drawers were open except the money drawer which was locked; they broke that open, they could open the others without breaking them; I found two shillings and eleven pence half-penny altogether scattered about; I know that Slingsby was the man that stood over me at first, I knew him..at the Court-house at Bathurst by his voice, let alone his person; I told Mr. Liscombe that I should know him ; I told my wife after at Dunn's plains that I should know him by his voice, and by the loss of a finger; my wife told me that she should know two of them; I heard her often say, she should know him by his squeaking voice; we both of us told many per sons the atame; my wife did not tell sme the particular mark on Slingsby's hand ; I did not see Slingrhy hold out his hand and shake hands with my wife; I heard her say that he did do so,but I do hot know which hand he did shake; I was examined on the Coroner's Inquest about a month before I was examined at Bathurst, I did not happen to mention the circumstance of the loss of Slingsby'sftnger on my examin. ation before the Coroner, as I was in a flurry; I could not recall some of the circumstances. By the Court-I did not see Slingsby shake hands with my wife, but merely heard her say, that he had done so ; when she told me, I reckon Slingsby was eighteen or nineteen miles away; it was the day after the robbery. Mary Grimes in her examination in chief, corroborated the evidence of the first witness in every particular, and identified Dennis O'Brien as the man who stood sentry at the kitchen door. Patrick Nowland-I live at the Native Dog Creek, within 30 miles of Bathurst, and about 17 miles from Dennis Plains; I know tawo of the prisoners at the bar, Slingsby and Lynch; the other man I have seen, but do not know him well; Slingsby lived in the house with me; Lynch lived within 7 miles of my place, and used to come backwards and forwards to see Slingsby ; he was a stock- keeper to Mr. Armstrong; Lynch and ',lingsby left my place on the morning the murder was committed; they bogs' slept at my house the night before; they left hy' house between 8 and t in rthe morning, and about 3 o'clock tlie same day, young Mr. Redfern came to enquire after Lynch; I told. him that Lynch qud Slingsby went out in the morning, but that I did not kthdw where they were gone;. Mr. Redferh re'nýaiied'at my honse all nightit about 3 dr 4 d'elck in tha morniing a rap came to the dbor, wien'I got up and openned.it; it was'a' ve?iy frosty morniiig; I saw Slingsby; I asked hiam *liere lhe , ad been'?' ihe ar, sweircd' " It mrakes no odds ;" when I opened the door, he asked if any person was there? I told him-only Mr. Redfern;lie. turned out for damontent'o" so; and then returned'with Lynch; whien they'canie in, I'put some wood on tie' fire, and observed by the light of the fire, that Slihgsby's face was very black and dirty; as ife lie all been cleaning sirnutty wheat, o" some other dirty work ;I wesit to bed, and hie made some tea for himself and Lynch;i next'morning when we got up,.Mr. Redfern asked Slingsby to go with him to get some cattle itw Slingseby s'adhl hs 'cduld'iot, as his horse tPs k'nolickbed up; I 'weht out :that .day, abd ctatne hoime about' 2 or 3 o'Clock; wih6b Lyhlu'h&s; inibed ; I went'ottt agal, an'd 'at surid4ldwn when 1' was coming hoine, I saiV S'liigsby, Aleek Grant, and Lynchgdlg a?wiay; Lynclh was on Ihorseback; at least I saw one of. the'other men lifting him on the horse; I did not see Slingaby or Lynch until two dlays after this, when he came home about 2 o'clock in the:day ; he asked me if I had any news ? I. said nothing particular; when he came fiti6' tlie hbuse, hie walked'about and looked varymaelhaichmloly antl Wdolrn ; he'took sortit tea, sugaor; and 1httt, pt' tlhbn'iq a bag aril wei?it away'r8dittenl' ig hbt ott'8r 9 o'clock 'at night; I Mlr. Maule, Captain Forbes, andtlie Mounted Police, came to my place about five days after Sthis, and asked, me who .lied there? I told" .them, and added, that Slingsby was gone eover to Mr. King's farm; Mr. Maule took down the gun, and asked me if I had ever fired out of it? he examined it, and said he thought it had been recently fired off; the gun had been hanging up there all the time I was in the house, and I had not missed it when it was taken away; 1 now saw, that a fresh flint had been put in it. When Slingsby came back about two hours after the Mounted Police left, I told him that the horse-police had been there and had examined the gun, and asked him if he had fired it off lately ? he took the gun out my hand, and said, "it's no odds," and he then took the flint out of it and put it behind the door, whence it was taken by some person, and I never saw it after; he went out that day, and did not return until late, when he brought back a bottle of spirits, and gave me some to drink; I asked him where he got it? when he told me, that he, O'Brien, and Lynch, had been at the murder of Captain Payne; 1 was so horrified,, that I threw the spirits into the fire, and nearly set fire to the place; he then told me, that they had met the over seer and Mr. Payne near the house; that he stood over the overseer, while the other two went down to where Mr. Payne was, and that in less than a moment there were three pieces discharged, and that when the pieces went off, he would not have had it happen forthe world ; that afterwards he went up to the house along with the overseer, and took a double-barrelled gun, pistol, some tea, sugar, a quantity of money, shuts, and sheets; when he told me all this, I was much troubled; lie said to me, "you have no reason to be troubled ? no per son can harm you, as you had nothing to do with it." Mr. Rowe here applied for an order of the Court to have three prisoners brought up from the gaol, witnesses for the defence. . Alexander Grant-I lived at Nativedog Creek in the district of Bathurst, in the month of June last; I lived very near to Nowland's hut ; I heard first of Captain Payne's murder on the 20uth of July ; I went to Nowland's house on that day to get some fire; I had been away from home at Captain King's station ; I saw the three prisoners at the bar at Nowland's hut ; Nowland was not at home ; Lynch was lying on the bed, antd I asked himn what was the matter? he told ine lie had got a fall fromn his horse ; I (lid not remain in the hut above four or five minutes ; I went from Nowland's house to my own place, and Slingsby cane over to me; I asked him if he would have any tea ; he refused; shortly after O'Brien came in ; I asked Slinigsby if he was much hurt by the fall? he said, he was afraid it would be a heavy fall for him; I asked him what was the matter ? he said he would tell me all about it; O'Brien said " No, do not tell him 'till you put him on his oath;" I said, are you joking with me? lie replied, " it is past a joke with us now;" they made me swear so help my God I would not reveal their secret, and O'Brien held two pistols to my breast until 1 swore; Slingshy then told me, that the night before they had gone to rob Captain Payne, and that they had shot him; he told me also, that they had got tea and sugar, some silver, and some cloth, and that it was no use stopping there, as an information would be given at Bathurst, and they nwould track the mare that they had brought with them: lie told me that Lynch was wounded, anod desired me to saddle my horse and take Lynch to the bush ; I saddled the horse, put Lynch on it, and curried him about two miles away, when 1 left him ; I saw that Lynch was wounded in the knee; the wound appeared to be made with small shot; I picked a small buck-shot out of his knee; both of his knees were tied up with a cloth; they told me, that they went to rob the house, and laid in ambush until night, when they heard a shot, and went towards the place, where they saw Captain Payne, who fired his piece at them, and they fired at and killed him ; I had no conversation wvith them as we were going through the bush; Slimigsby rode on a-head, with a bag of things and a lied; Lynch did not tell me any thing about it, nor did I ask him any questions; they told nme that they had blackened their faces to prevent detection; I do not recollect any otlher conversation. By a Juror-They said that Captain Payne made resistance and fired his gun, which wounded Lynch. By Mr. Rowe-Lynch was not present when Slingsby told me that Captain Payne's shot had wounded Lynch; it was in Nowland's house that I picked the shot from Lynch's knde; I did not see Nowland at all. (Grant was re-called and shewed his right hand, whic/h was wanting a thnilbi) William M'Gill-I am a dairy-man, an assigned servant to Mvr. Lethridge; in Au ghst last I was residing at Mrs King's statibn at Brisbane Valley, and was sent by the overseer to look:out after some persons who had been in theneighbourhood, anti who ap. peared to have set the grass on fire ; I met O'Brien in the bush, wIho said hlie was the man who shot'Captihn Payne; he then came dosvn with me to the hut to get sodm'ethig to eat, and:the'oveirsder and I made a priseor of him ; Brisbane Valley is about seven miles frdm' NodiPlaid's place. Crosscexamined by Mr. Rowe-I did not kn'ow"O'Brien except liy sight befoie that night; I had seen him at Mr. Hassal's foi~rq at the Cow-pastures before; I he told me at once that he had murdered Captain Payne. This was the case for the prosecution. On b'ehtng called on for thdir defence, the prisoner Lynch said, that he had sent a shah on ho0rsebnck sbaie'timebAiclk to ldtihtirst for his witnessese, and' thait h'e had ntver hibard of him sirince. O'Brien declared his iminoceciie, and statdd, that'what had been sworn by Grant was rlholly untrue; this he would declare in his las t mo menti. 'Thomas Broffy-I was an assigned servant to the late Captain Payne; I had no partieti. Jar conversation with Mrs. Urime, ajtout the murder; two men camne to the houset they were blacked, and I should not knQw ;hem agaain, only I thought the tallest of th4 men had some teeth out in the front of his molh. I am speaking of my own knowledge ; ,1 i not above three yards from the tall man. yla he laughed at me; I looked at him, butl,h put his arm over his face, and I then saw. hb wanted some teeth; I swear he had soriie of his teeth out ; I could see his teeth the plainer, from the circumstance of his face being bltck; I saw some teeth, but could see the vaceu? distinctly where the teeth were out; nymis. tress told me she should not. know the men again ; she always said so fromthe.timeite murder was committed until the men were taken; my master said the same thing up to the time that they were taken; Ihavefro. quently talked about the matter; I often told both Grimes and his wife, that.Ithought I should know the tall man, from /id teeth beilg out in front ; they never denied any assertion as to his teeth being out; I heard it mention. ed before they were taken, that there was. a reward of £100 for taking them. Robert Armstrong-A mnan namned Br.ynt Cains called at my house at Parramnatta, sad shewed me some subpoenas that he was,tkiang up the country to serve in behalf of Sliugsby and Lynch. I think one of the subpmtnas was addrossed to Hamilton Murray; Bryant Casin started very quick on horseback;. I bplieve the horse was the joint property of Bryant Cain and the prisoner Lynch; I think it.is three weeks ago since Cain started ; I. heard that Cain was at Bathurst, but he told me when he was going away, that he could not get buac for the trial, as he had some cattle to get in there. Case closed. The Chief Justice, after recapitulating thg evidence, summed up at great length, mi. nutely quoting parts of the evidence, as ap. plicable to the prisoners severally, and then left the case with the Jury, who retiled' for a few minutes and returned a verdict of Guilty against all the three prisoner's. Sea, tence of death was then passed onu them.. (This trial occupied nearly 13 hoitrs; the, Court was crowded to excess.) . . . . .· 