gsUtt bottles THE HOUR OF THOUGHT. (From Blackwood's Magazine.") -The orb of day is sinking, and he star of eve is winking, The silent dews Their balm diffuse, The summer flowers are drinking The valley shades grow dearer, the atmosphere grows clearer, Around all swim, Perplexed and dim, s <lLYeHhe distant hills seem nearer O'er their tops the eye may mark The very leaves, distinct and dark. "Now eastern skies are lightening," Wood, mead, Sandymount are brightening, Sink in the blaze The stellar rays, 4 The clouds of heaven are whitening ; s Now the curfew bell is ringing, Now the birds forsake their singing, The beetle fly Hums daily by, -And the but his flight is winging ; While the glowing, glorious moon, s, Gives to night the smile of noon. Oh, then in churchyards hoary, With many a mournful story, 'Tis sweet to stray, "'Mid tombstones gray. And muse on earthly glory ; Thoughts, deeds, and days departed, . Up from the past are started, Time's noon and night, Its bloom and blight, Hopes crown'd with bliss, or thwarted ; Halcyon peace or demon strife. Sweetening or disturbing life. Then wake the dreams of childhood. Its turbulent or mild mood The gathered shells, The foxglove bells, J'he bird-nesting the wild wood ; she corn fields sweetly springing; The twilight blackbird singing * Sweetly unseen, From chesnut green-, Till all the air is ringing ; Restless swallows twittering by, And the gorgeous sunset sky. Then while the moon is glancing, Through murmuring foliage dancing, 'Wild fancy strays Amid the maze Of olden times entrancing : She scans each strange tradition \- Of dim-eyed Superstition The monk in hood With book and road, And Nun in cell's contrition ; Horsemen winding through the dale, Morions dark, and shining mail. Ah, where are they that knew us, 'Just then spoke kindly to us 1 Why thus should they In evil day So frigidly eschew us 1 We call them they appear not They listen not, they bear not Their course is run ; Their day is done ; They hope not, and they fear not Past for them are heat and cold, Death has penned them in his fold. 'Above their bones unknowing, Wild flowers and weeds are growing, By moon or sun is nothing done To them a thought bestowing : In dark repose they wither, Like weeds blown hither thither ' Alone, alone, \- The Last Trump's tone Shall call them up together. Townhall hear it, Silence "drear, -Grave oblivious, thou shalt hear. HORRIBLE THINGS. BY THE AUTHOR OF " THE COURSE OF TIME." Heard ye ever the fiend of the wave Growl doleful long the dark shore 1 Heard ye ever a groan from the grave," v Or The murdered, child shriek in its gore ? Jleord ye ever despair deeply sigh, When hope flitted for from his sight? Heard ye ever the traveller's cry, When beset by assassins of night 1 Mears yo ever the spirit of the blast Wail through the sad mansions of death 1 Heard ye ever a wretched outcast Blaspheme with his last gasping breath 1 Heard ye ever the cold clod of dust, ' Crumble down on the coffin low laid 1 Heard ye ever the life-seeking thrust Of the murderer's blood-glutted black 1 Heard ye ever the long thunder-clap Bellow through the dark womb of the night 1 Heard ye ever the death-warning rap, Or bell tolling without mortal might I heard you over the ghost of the north Howl loud from the mountain's dark side? Heard ye ever the gore gurgle forth From the throat of the wild suicide 1 Heard ye ever the maniac's yell, Or the clank of the strong iron rings 1 Heard ye ever a groan from deep boil If so you have heard most horrible things, ' 