PASSAGES FROM THE DIARY OF A LATE PHYSICIAN, (From Blackwood's Magazine of December last.) A " MAN ABOUT TOWN." I hate humbug, and would eschew that cant and fanaticism which are at present taint- ing extensive portions of society, as sincerely as I venerate and wish to cultivate a spirit of sober, manly, and rational piety. It is not, therefore, to pander to the morbid tastes of overweening saintli ness, to encourage its arrogant assumptions, sanc tion its hateful, selfish exclusiveness.or advocate that spirit of sour, diseased, puritanical seclusion from the innocent gaieties and enjoyments of life, which has more deeply injured the interests of reli- gion than any of its professed enemies ; it is not, I repeat, with any such unworthy objects as these that this melancholy narrative is placed on record. But it is to shew, if it ever meet their-eyes, your " men about town"," as the élite -of the rakish fools and flutterers of the day are significantly termed, that some portions of the page of profligacy are black—black with horror, and steeped in the tears, the blood of anguish and remorse wrung from ruined thousands!-that often the " iron is entering the very soul" of those who present to the world's eye an exterior of glaring gaiety 'and recklessness ; that gilded guilt must, one day, be stripped of its tinselry, and flung into the -haze. and gloom of outer darkness. These are the only-objects for which this black passage is laid before the reader, in which I have undertaken to describe pains and agonies, which these eyes witnessed, and that with all \- the true frightfulness of reality. It has, indeed, cost me feelings, of little less than torture to retrace the leading features of the scenes with -which the narratives concludes. "Hit him—pitch it into him! Go it,'boys—go' it ! Right into your man, each of you, like good ones!-Top sawyers these'.-Hurrah ! Tap his claret-cask—draw his cork!-Go it—go it—beat, him, big one ! lick him, little one ! Hurrah !-Slash, smash—fib away-right and left!-Hollo :-Clear the way there!-Ring ! ring !" These and many similar exclamations, may serve to bring before the reader one of those ordinary scenes 'in London-a street row ; arising, too, out of circumstances of equally frequent recurrence, i A gentleman (!) prowling about Piccadilly, to wards nightfall in the month of November, in quest of adventures of a certain description, had been offering some impertinence to a female of res pectable appearance, whom he had been following for some minutes. He was in the act of putting his arm round her waist, or taking some similar liberty, when he was suddenly seized by the collar from behind, and. jerked off the pavement so violently, that he fell nearly at full length in the gutter. This feat was performed by the woman's husband, who had that moment rejoined her, having left her only a very short time before, to leave a message at one of the coach offices, while she walked on, being in baste. No-man of ordinary spirit could endure such ' rough handling tamely. ' The instant, therefore, that the prostrate man had recovered his footing, he sprung towards his assailant, and struck him furiously over the face with his umbrella. For a,! moment the" man seemed disinclined to return the ' blow, owing-to the passionate dissuasions of his' ¡wife ; 'but it (was useless-his English blood began .to boil under the idea of submitting to a blow, and," Lurriodlv oxolaimiug, " Wait a moment, sir,"-he pushed his wife into the shop adjoining, telling her to stay till he returned. A small crowd stood round. ." Now, by-, sir, we shall see which is better man !" said he, again making his appearance, and putting himself into a boxing attitude. There was much disparity between the dosliued combatants, in point both of skill nnd'sizo. Tbe man last named was short in-stature, but of a square iron-build ; and it needed only a glance at bis posturo to seo ho was «.scientific, perhaps a fhorougb-brod,bruiser. His antagonist, on the conti nry, was a toll, handsome, well-proportioned, gentlemanly man, apparently hot moro than twenty-eight, or thirty yoars old. 'GivingTiis umbrella into tho hands of n bystander, and hurriedly drawing off his gloves, ho addressed 'himself to the encounter with on unguarded impetu- osity, which left him wholly at the mercy of his cool and practised opponent. ' Tho latter soemed evidently ihchned to play n "while with his man, and contonted liiirmelf with stopping soveial hoavily-dealt blows, with so mucli quickness and precision, tbnt every 'ono saw " tho big mo had caught a Tartar" in the mun ho had pro- voked. Watching his opportunity, like a tiger, crouching noiselessly in preparation for the fatal spring, the short man delivered "such a slaughtering left-handed hit full in the face of his tall adversary, accompanied by a tremendous " doübling-up" body blow, as in an instant brought him senseless to tho ground. He who now lay stunned nnd blood smeared on tlie pavement, surrounded by a rabble jeering the fallen " swell," and exulting afeeeing the punishment he had -received for his imper- tinence, which tho conqueror pithily told them, ns he stood over his prostrate foo, was the Honourable St. John Henry Effingstono, presumptive heir to a marquisate; and the victor.who walked coolly away as if nothing had happened, was Tom --, the prize-fighter. Such was the occasion of my first introduction to Mr. Effingstone ;"for 1 was driving by nt the time this occurrence took place ; and my coaohraan.íeeing the crowd, slackened the pace of his horses, and I desired him to stop. Hearing some voices cry, " Toke him to a doctor," I lot myself out, on«' nounced my profession, and -seeing a man of very gentlemanly and superior appearance, -covered with blood, and propped ngnmst the^kneo of one -of the peoplo round, T had him'brougbt into my carriage, sayingl-would drive'him to his residence close by, which his cards-shewed me was in -street. Though much disfigured, and in great pain, he had not received any injuiy likely to be attended with danger. He soon recovered ; but an infinitely grea- ter annoyance remained after all the other symptoms had disappeared-his left eye was sent into deep mourning, which threatened to last for some weeks ; and could any thing be more vexatious to a gay man about town! for such was Mr. Effingstone-but no ordinary one. Ho did not bolong to that crowded doss of esseticed fops, of silly coxcombs, bung in gold chnins, and bespangled with, a profusion of rings, brooches, pins, and quizzing-glasses, who oro to be seen in fine weather glistening about town, like fire-flies in India. He was«no walking adver- tisement of tbo superior articles of his tailor, mer- cer, and jeweller. No-Mr. Effingstone was really a man about town,*and yet no puppy. He was worse -an abandoned profligate, a svstematic debauchee, an irreclaimable reprobate. ' Ho stood pre-eminent amidst the throng of men tif fashion, a glaring form of guilt, such ns Milton represents Satan " In si ape and gesture proudly eminent," among his gloomy battalions of fallen spirits. He had nothing in common with the set of men I have been alluding to, but that he chose to drink deeper from the snino foul and maddening cup of dissipa- tion. Their minor fooleries and " naughtinesses," 'as -ho termed them, he despised. Had he not | neglected a legitimate exercise of his transcendent i talents, he might have become, with little effort, one of the first men of his -age. As for actual know- ledge, his powers of ocquibition seemed unbounded. Whatever he read he made his own ; good or bad, he never forgot it. He was equally intimate with ancient and'modern scholarship. His knowledge of the varieties and distinctions between the ancient sects of philosophers was more minutely accurate, and more successfully brought to bear upon the mo- dern, than I am aware -of having ever known in Tin other. Few, very few, that ever"I have been ac- quainted with, could moke a more imposing and effective display of the " dazzling fence of logic." Fallacies, though never so subtle, so exquisitely vraiscmblant to the truth, and calculated to evado the very ghost of Aristotle himself, melted away instantaneously before the first glance of his eye. His powers were acknowledged and feared by all wlio knew bira-ns many a discomfited sciolist now living can bear testimony. His acuteness of per- ception was not less remarkable. He anticipated all you meant to convey, before you had uttered more than a word or two. " It was useless to kick or wince under such treatment-to find your own words thrust back again down your own thront as useless, than which few things -are more provoking' to men with the slightest spice of petulance. A conviction of his overwhelming power' kept you passive beneath his grasp. He had, as it were, ex- tracted and devouied the kernel, while you were attempting to decide on the best method of break- ing the shell. His wit was radiant, and fed by a fancy both lively and powerful, it flashed and sparkled on all sides of you like lightning. He had a s rong bent towards satire and sarcasm, and that of the bitterest and fiercest kind. . If you chanced-unexpectedly to become its subject, you sneaked away consciously reared to your very centre. If, however, you" really wished to acquire information from bira, no one waB roadier to open the vost storehouses of his learning. You had but to start a topic requiring elucidation of any kimi, and presently you baw, giouped around it, nume- rous, appropriate, and beautiful illustrations, from ! almost every region of knowledge. But then you ' could scarce fail to observe tho spirit of pride and j ostentation which pervaded the whole. If he failed J anywhere-and who living is equally excellent in all « things!-it was in physics Yes, here he was foiled. He lacked the patience, perseverance, and almost exclusive attention, which the cold and haughty goddess presiding over them invariably exacts from her suitors. Still, however, he had that showy geneial intimacy with its outlines, and some of .its leading features, which earned him greater applause than was doled out reluctantly and suspi- ciously to the profoundost masters of science. Yet Mr. Effingstone, -though such as l havo de- scribed him, gained no distinctions at Oxford ; and why 1 because he knew that all acknowledged Ins intellectual snpremacy ; that he had but to extend his foot, and stand on tho proudest pedestal of academical eminence. *>This satisfied bim. And another reason for his conduct once slipped ?out m the course of my intimacy with bim :-His over- weening, I may say, almost unparalleled pride, could not brook the idea of the remotest chanco of failure! The same thing accounted for another manifestation of his peouliar character. No one could conceive how, when, or where, he came by his wonderful knowledge. He never seemed to bo doing-any thing ; no ono ever saw him reading or writing, and yet he came into the world aw fait at almost every thing ! All this was attributable to his pride, or, I should say more correctly, his vanitv- " Results, not pro- cesses, are for the public eye," hewasfond of saying. In plain English, he would shine beforo men, but would -not that they should know the pains and expense with which his lamp was fed. And this highly-gifted individual, as to intellect, it was, who chose to track the waters of dissipation, to career among their sunk rocks, shoals, and quicksands, even till he sunk and perished in them ! By some strange omission in his moral conformation, his soul seemed utterly destitute of any sympathies for virtue ; and whenever I looked at bim, it was with feelings of concorn, alarm, and wonder, akin to thoso with which one might contemplate the frightful creature brought into being by Frarikenstèin. Mr. Effing- stone seemed either wholly incapable of apprécia tin g moral excellence, or wilfully contemptuous of it. While-reflecting -carefully on 'his behaviour, which several years-intimacy gave me many opportunities of doing, and endeavouring to account for his fixed inclinations towards ,vice, and that in its Jnost re «volting form, and most frantic oxcesses, at a timo when ho was consciously possessed of such capa- bilities of excellence of every description;-it has struck me that a little incident, which came to my knowledge casually, afforded a clew to tlie whole -a key to his character. I one day chanced to overhear a distinguished friend of his father's la- menting that a man " of Mr. St. John's mighty powers" could prostitute them in the mannor he did; and the reply made by his father was, with a sigh, that " St. John was a splendid sinner, and ho knew it." From that hour the key-stone was fixed in the arch of his unalterable, irreclaimable depravity. He felt a Satanic satisfaction m the consciousness of being an object of regret mid wonder among thoso . .1 ï. . .li who môBt enihuBiûSticaHy TiclcriÄwlotlgatl his intel- lectual supremacy. How infinitely less stimulating to his morbid sonsibilitios would bo the placid ap- proval of virtue-a common-placo acquiescence in tho ordinary notions of virtue and religion'! He wished rathor to stand out from the multitude-to bo sovored from tho herd. " Better to reign in hell than sorve in hoavoii," ho thought ; and ho was not long in sinking many fathoms lower into the abyss of atheism. In fact, he never pretended to the pos- session of religious principle ; he had acquiesced in the reputed truths of Christianity like his neigh- bours ; or, at least, kept doubts to himself, till he fancied his reputation required him to join the crew of fools, who blazon their unbelief. This was " damned fine." ' Conceive, now,-such, a man as I have truly,"but, perhaps, imperfectly, described Mr. Effingstone—in tho possession of £3000 a-year—perfectly his own master-with a fine person and most fascinating manners-capable of acquiring with ease every .fashionable accomplishment-the idol, the dictator of all he met-and with a dazzling circle-of friends and relatives :-conceive for a 'moment such a man as this, let loose upon the town'! Will it occasion wonder if the reader is told how soon nocturnal stu- dies, and the ambition of retaining his intellectual character which prompted them, were supplanted by a blind, absorbing, reckless devotion-for he was incapable of any thing but in extremes-to the gaming-table, the turf, the cockpit, the ring, the theatres, and daily and nightly attendance on those haunts of detestable debauchery, which I cannot foul my pen with naming ?-that a two 'or three years intimacy with such scenes as these had con- duced, in the first instance, to shed a haze of indis- tinctness over tho multifarious acquirements,of his earlier and better days, and finally to blot out large portions with blank oblivion ?-that his soul's sun shone in dim discoloured rays through the fogs—tho vault- vapours of profligacy ?-that prolonged dusue tude was gradually, though unheededly, benumbing and palsying his intellectual faculties'?-that a con- stant " feeding on garbage" had vitiated and de- praved his whole system, both physical and mental ? -and that, to conclude, there was a lamentable, and almost incredible, contrast between the glorious being, Mr. Effingstone, at twenty-one, and that poor faded creature-that prematurely superannuated de- bauchee, Mr. Effingstone, at twenty-seven ? I feel persuaded I shall not be accused of travel- ling out of the legitimate sphere of these " Pas- sages," of forsaking the track of professional detail, -in having thus attempted to give the reader some faint idea of the intellectual character of one of the most extraordinary young men that have ever flashed, meteor-like, across the sphere of my own observa- tion. Not that in the ensuing pages, it will be in my power to exhibit him such as he has been described, doing and uttering things worthy of his great powers. Alas, alas ! he was " fallen, fallen, 'allen" from that altitude long before it became my province tc know him professionally. His decline and fall are alone what remain for me to describe. I am painting from tbo life, and those are living who ..know it ; that I am describing the character and career of him who once lived,-who deliberately immolated himsolf before the shrine of debauchery ; and they can, with a quaking heart, attest the truth of the few bitter und black passages of his re- maining history, which here follow. The reader is acquainted with the circumstances attending my first professional acquaintance with Mr. Effingstone. Those of the second are in per- fect keeping. He had been prosecuting an enter- prise of seduction, the interest of which was, in his eves, enhanced a thousandfold, on discovering that the object of his illicit attentions was-married. She was, I understood, a very handsome, fashion- able woman : and she fell-for Mr. Effingstone was irresistible ! He was -attending one of their assig- nations one night, which she was unexpectedly^- ' able to keep ; and he waited so long at the place of i meeting, but-slightly elad, in the cold and incle- ! ment weather, that when he returned home at an i early hour in the -morning, intensely chagrined, he I felt inclined to be very ill. He could'not rise to j breakfast. He grew rapidly -worse ; and when'I ' was summoned to his bedside, he exhibited all the i symptoms of a very severe inflammation of the lungs. One or two concurrent causes of excitement and chagrin «aggravated his illness. He had been ; very unfortunate in betting on the Derby, and was j threatened with an arrest from his tailor, whom he owed some liundreds-of pounds, which ile could not. possibly pay. Again~a wealthy Tomóte member of the furaily, his god-father, having heard of his pro" fligacy, altered his will, and left every farthing he had in the world, amounting to upwards of fifty or sixty thousand pounds, to a charitable institution, the whole of which had been originally destined to Mr. Effingstone. The only nolice taken of him in the old gentleman's will, was, " To St. John Henry Effingstone, my unworthy god-son, I bequeath the sum of five pounds sterling, to purchase a Bible and Prayer-book, believing the time may yet come when Le will require them." These circum- stances, I say, added to one or two other irritat- ing concomitants, such as will sometimes succeed in stinging your men about town into something like reflection, brief and futile though it be, con- tributed to accelerate the inroads of his danger- ous disorder. Wo weie compelled to adopt such power ul antiphlogistic treatment as reduced him to within an inch of his life. Previous to, and in the course of, this illness, he exhibited one or two characteristic traits. I " Doctor-is delirium usually an attendant on I this disorder1." he enquired one morning. I told j him it was-very frequently. j " My life won't bear ripping up ! 'I shall say what will horrify you all ! Delirium blackens a poor fellow sadly among 'his friends, doesn't it? Babbling devil-what can silence it? D--n, if you should hear me beginning to let out, suffocate me. doctor. * '*" " Any chance of my giving the GREAT CUT this time, doctor, eh?" he enquired the same evening, with great apparent nonchalance. Seeing my puzzled air-for I did not exactly comprehend the low expression, " great cut,"-he asked quickly, " Doctor, shall I die, d'ye think?" I told him I certainly apprehended great danger, for his symp- toms began to 'look very serious. " Then the ship must be cleared for action. What is the best way of ensuring recovery, provided 'it is to be ?" I told him that, among other things, he must be kept very quiet- must not have his mind excited by visitors. " Nurse, please ring the bell for George," said he, suddenly interrputing rae. The man in a few moments answered the summons. " George, d'ye value your neck, eh?" The man bowed. " Then, harkee, see you don't let in a living soul to see me, except the medical people. Friends, relatives, mother, brothers, sisters, d—n, sirrah'! shut them all out.-And, harkee, duns especially. If——should come, and get inside the door, kick him out again; and if — comes, and-, and -, tell them, that if they don't mind ! what they are about, d—n them ! I'll die, if it's only to cheat them." The man bowed and retired. " And-and -doctor, what else ?" " If you should appear approaching your end, Mr. Effingstone, you would allow us, perhaps, to call in a clergyman to assist you in your devo-" " What—eh—a parson? Oh, - ? it l no, no -out of the question-non ad rem, I assure you," he replied hastily. " D'ye think I can't roll down to hell fast enough, without having my wheels oiled by their hypocritical humbug? Don't name it again, doctor, on any account, I beg." * * * He grew rapidly worse, but ultimately recovered. His injunctions were obeyed to the letter; for his man George idolized his master, and turned a deaf ear to all applications for admission to his master's chamber. It was well there was no one of them present to listen to his ravings ; for the disgorgings of his polluted soul were horrible ! His piogress towards convalescence wns by rery slow steps ; for the energies of both mind and body had been dreadfully shaken. His illness, however, had worked little or no alteration in his moral senti- ments-or, if any thing, for the worse. "It won't do at all, will it, doctor?" said Mr. Effingstone, when I was visiting him, one morning, at the house of a titled relation in-square, whither he had boen removed to prepare for a jaunt to the continent. " What do you allude to, Mr. Effingstone?-What won't do?" I asked, for I knew not to what he alluded, as the question was the first break of a long pause in our conversation, which had been quite of a miscellaneous character, " What won't do? Why, the sort of life I have been leading about iowa these two or three last years," he replied. ".,By G—, doctor, it has nearly wound me up, has it not?" " Indood, Mr. Effingstone, I think so, You have had a very, very narrow escape --have been within a hair's breadth of your grave."-" Aye," he ex claimed, with a sigh, rubbing his hand rapidly over his noble forehead, " 'twas a complete toss up whether I should go or stay I But come, come, tho good ship has weathered the storm bravely, though she has been battered a little in her timbers ! " said he, striking his breast, " and she's fit for sea again already, with a little caulking, that is. Heigho! what a d—d fool illness makes aman ! I've had some of the strangest, oddest twingings such gleams and visions !-What d'ye think, doc- tor, I've had dinging in my cars night and day, like a d—d church-bell Why, a passage from old Persius, and this is it (you know I was a dab at Latin once, doctor,) rotundo ore, ' Magne Prater divum ! smvos punira tyrannos Tlaud alia ratione veîis, «*uum dim libido Moverit Ingenium, forventi tinèta veneno ; \--Virtutem vidennl-intnboscatitquo lolictà 1' * True tind forcible enough, isn't it!" " Yes," I replied, and expressed my satisfaction at his altered sontiments. " He might rely on it," 1 ventured to nssuro him, " that tho paths of vir- tue, of religion"--I was going too fast. " Pho, pho, doctor I No humbug, I beg—come, come, no humbug-no nonsense of that sort ! 1 meant nothing of the sort, I can assure you 1 I'm a better Bentley than you, I see ! What d'ye think is my reading of ' virtittem videant ?-Why—let them get wives when they're worn out, and want nursing-ah, ha'!-curse me ! I'd go on raking ay, d—n it, I would, sour as you look about it ! but I'm too much the worse for wear at present-I must recruit a little." *' Mr. Effingstone, I'm renllv confounded nt'hoar ing you talk in so light a strain 1 Forgive me, my dear sir but" " Fiddle-de-dee, doctor! Of course, I'll forgive you, if you won't repeat the offence. 'Tis unplea- sant-a nuisance-'tis, upon my soul ! Well, how-' ever, what do you think is the upshot of the whole -the practical point-the winding up of affairs the balancing of the books"-he delighted in accu- mulations of ibis sort-'"the shutting up of tho1 volume, eh? D—n! I'm going to get married- I am, by —! I'm at dead-low water-mark in money matters-and, in short, T repeat it, I intend to marry -a gold bag! A good move isn't it 1 But, to"be candid, I can't tako all the credit of the thing to myself, either, having been a trifle bored, bullied, badgered into it by the family. They say the world cries shame on me*! simpletons, why listen to tho world !-I onlv laugh, ha, ha, ha ! nnd cry, curse on the world-and so we are quits with one another"! By tho way, the germ of that's to be found in that worthy fellow Plautus !" All this, uttered with Mr. Effingstone's charac- teristic emphasis and rapidity of time and manner, conveyed his real sentiments ; an I it was not long before' ho carried them into effect. Ho spent two or three months in the south of France ; and not long after his return to England, with restored health and energies he singled out from among the many, manv women who would have exulted in brine* an object -of the attentions of tho accomplished, the celebrated, Mr. Effingstone, Lady E-., the very flower of English aristocratical benuty, daughter of a distinguished peer, and sole heiress to the immense estates of 'an "aged baronet in \- shire. i The unceasing exclusive attentions exacted from^ "her suitor by this haughty voting beauty, operated' for a while ns a salutary check upnn Mr. Effing- stone's reviving propensities to dissipation. So long ns there wns the most di«rnnt"possibilitv of his' beinsr rejected, ho was'her willing slave at all hours,' on all occasions ; yielding implicit obedience, and waking incessant sacrifices of his own personal con- veniences. As soon, howover, ns he had " run down the game," as he called it, and the voung lady was so far compromised in the eves of the world, as to render retieat next to impossible,he began to slacken in his attentions ; not, however, so palpablv and visiby as to nlnrm-eithor her Indvship or any of their, mutual relations or friends. He compensated for the attentions ho was obliged to pay her bv day, by the most extravagant nightly excesses. Tho pur- suits of intellect, of literature, and plulosiphy^were utterlyand apparently finally discarded-and for what! For wallowing swinishly in the foulest sinks of depravity, herding among tho acknowledged outcasts, commingling intimately with the very scum and refuse of society, battenmg on the rotten- ness of obscurity, and revelling amid the hellish orgies celebrated nightly in haunts of nameless infamy. Gambling, gluttony, drunkenness, harlotry, blasphemy ¡ ****** '* [I cannot bring mvself to make public the shock- ing details with which the five following pages of Dr.-'s Diary are occupied. They are too re- volting for the columns of this distingruished Ma- gazine, and totally unfit for the eyes of its miscella- neous readers. If printed, they would appear to many absolutely incredible. They are little else than a corroboration of what is advanced in the sen- tences immediately preceding this interjected para- graph. What follows must be given only in a frag mentarv form.] Mr. Effingstone, one morning, accompanied Lady E-and her mother to one of the fashionablo shops, for the purpose of aiding the former in her choice of some beautiful Chinese toys, to complete the ornamental department of her boudoir. After having purchased some of the most splendid and, costly articles which "had been exhibited, the Indies drew on their gloves, and gave each an arm to Mr. Effingstone to lead them to tho carriage. TLady E was in a flutter of unusually animnted spirits, and was complimenting Mr. Effincstone, in enthusiastic terms, on the taste with which Iip had guided their purchases; and thev lied left the shop door, the footman was letting down the carriage steps, when a very-young woman, elegantly dressed, who hap- pened to be passing at that moment, seemingly in a state of deep dejection, suddenly started on seeing' and recognizing Mr. Effingstone, placed herself be tween them and the carriage, and lifting her clasped hands, exclaimed, in piercing accents, " Oh, Henry, Henry, Henry ! how cruelly you have deserted your poor ruined girl ! What have I done to de- serve it? I'm broken-hearted, and can rest nowhere! I've been walking up and down M-street nearly three hours this morning to get a sight of you, but jCould not! Oh, Henry! how differently you said you would behave before you brought mo up from \--«hire!" All this was uttered with the im- passioned vehemence and rapidity of highly excited feelings, and uninterruptedly *, for both Lady E and her mother seemed perfectly petrified, and stood pole and speechless. Mr. Effingstone, too, was for a moment thunderstruck ; but an instant's reflection showed him the necessity of acting with decision one way or another. Though deadly pale, he did not disclose any other symptom of agitation ; and with an assumed air of astonishment and irrecog nition, exclaimed, concernedly, " Poor creature ! unfortunate thing ! Some Strange mistake this!" " Oh, no, no, no, Henrv ! it's no mistake ! You know me well enough-I'm your own poor Hannah!" " Pho, pho! nonsonse, women ! I never saw you before." " Never saw mo! never sawme!" almost sbrielced the girl, " and is it como to this!"-" Woman, don't be foolish-cense, or wo must give you over to an officer as an impostor," said Mr. Effingstone, the perspiration bursting'from every poro. Come, come, your ladyships had better allowme tolland you into the carriage. See, there'sa crowd collecting."" " No, no, Mr. Effingstone," replied Lady E--'s mother with groat excessive agitation ;" "' this verv singular-strange nffair-if it is a mistake-had betterbe set right on the spot. Here, young woman, can you tell me what is the name of this gentleman!" ""Effingstone-Effingstone, to he sure, ma'am," sobbed tlie girl, looking imploringly at bim. Tlie instnnt sho had uttered his name, the two ladies, dreadfully agitated, withdrew their arms from his, and with the footman's assistance, stepped into theil carriage and drove off rapidly, leaving Mr. Effing stonebowing, kissing his hand, and assuring them that he should " soon settlo this absurd affair," and be at-street before thoir ladyships.^ They heard him not, however; for the instant tWcarriage had set off, Lady E-fainted. " Young woman, you're quite mistaken in me I never saw you befoie. Here is my card-come to me at eight to-night," he added, in an under tone, so as to be heard by none but her he addressed. She took the hint, appeared pacified, and each with * Pers. Sat. iii, (!r«tr dîfforent wnyg-Mr. láfTíngalono almost suf- focated with suppressed excorutions. Ho flung him- self into a hackney-conch, and ordered it to street, intending to nssuro lady E-, with a smile, that he had instnntly " put an end to the ridiculous affair." His knock, however, brought him a prompt " Not at homo," though their carriage had but the instant before driven from the door. Ho jumped again into the coach, almost gnashing his teeth with fury, drove home, and despatched his groom with a note, and orders to wait nn answor. Ho soon brought it back, with the intelligence that Lord and Lndy \--had given their p'orter orders to reject all letters or mesanges from Mr. Effingstonol So thero was an end of all hopes from Unit quarter. This is tho history of Vi hat wns mysteriously hinted at in one of the papors of the day, asa " strange occurrence in high life, which would probably break off n ma- trimonial affair long considered as settled."-But how did Mr. Effingstone receive his ruined clupo nt the appointed hour of eight? ile answered her ox pectorl knock bimsolf. " Now, look,--!" Baidho sternly, oxtonding bis arm to her menacingly, " if ever you presume to darken my doors again, by --, I'll murder you ! I give you fair warning. You've ruined me-you have, you have, you accursed-creature!" , " Oh', my God ! What am I to do to live? What' is to becomo of mo ?" groaned the viotim. " Do ? Wiry go and be-'I And here'? some- thing to help you on your way-there !" and ho flung her a cheque for ¿[60, and shut the door violently in her face. Mr. Effingstone now plunged into profligacy with a spirit of almost diabolical desperation. Divers dark hints, stinging iauendoes, appeared in the papers, of his disgraceful notoriety in certain scenes of an abominable description. But he laughed at them. _ His family at length cast him off, and refused to recognise bim till he should chose to alter his courses-to " purge." (To be concluded in onrvect.) 