A HAUNTED-HOUSE AT ATHENS. (From the-Mirror) Classicial scholars will no doubt be able readily to refer to the original of the following very curious record of an ancient ghost ; one not, we believe, quite so well known as the gigantic de- mon of Brutus, &c.; ; but perhaps more interesting, because bearing a very considerable resemblance to the apparitions of which we read and hear, in ages somewhat more modern. 'Those fair readers to whom the works of the celebrated Roman, which contain-the following narrative, are in the original tongue " a sealed book," will,' we surmise, hail with all due satisfaction, a translation which is likely to gratify the laudable curiosity they must feel respecting the ghosts and haunted houses of ancient times. The translation, apparently not by a modern hand, is headed thus:--- " Letters out of Pliny. Lib.7. Epist. 27. (To Sura.) " You and I are both at leasure, you to teach, and I to be ¡nformed. I have for a long while earnestly desired to know whether there are any such things in reality, as spectres, or whether they are only the results of a fearful imagination. For my part, I am inclined to believe the former, from what hap- pened, as I have been told the story, to Curtius Rufus. He was walking up and down a portico, towards the evening, when the shape of a woman appeared to him, but much bigger than the life, and much more beautiful. This unexpected sight strangely surprised him, when the phantom told him she was Afric, and came on purpose to tell him his fortune ; adding, that he was going to Rome, where he should be advanced to the greatest ho- nours ; that he should return back to this province in quality of governor, and there die. Every thing exactly happened as the spectre foretold. The story goes, that as he was sailing for Carthage, and coming out of the ship, the very same figure met him Upon the shore, upon which he felt sick, and remembering what it had formerly told him, gave up all hopes of recovery, before the physicians thought his case dangerous. But what I am now going to tell you, as it is much stranger, so is it more terrible than the other. There was a large and stately house at Athens, but untenanted by reason of the ill name it lay under ; for in the depth of the night you might hear a noise like that of the dragging of chains, which at first seemed to be far- ther off, but by degrees came nearer and nearer to you. at last a ghost appeared in the shape of an old man, lean and meagre, with a long beard, and the hair of his head matted ; it had fetters about its legs and manacles on its hands, which it shaked and rattled. These strange noises disturbed the neigh bourhood so, that few or none could sleep for them; some fell sick with watching so long, and their fears increasing died soon after, for though the spectre was not visible in the day, yet their memory still represented it to their eyes, and one fear begat another; for this reason no one would dwell in the house, but it stood empty and was left wholly to the ghost to play its midnight frolics in; however, there was a bill put over the door to signify that the house was to be let or sold, if by chance they could meet with a chapman who knew nothing that it was haunted. It happened that one Athenodorous, a philosopher, coming to Athens, read the bill, in- quired after the rent, and suspecting there was something extraordinary in the matter, because it was to he had so cheap, he informed himself of the neighbours, who fairly acquainted him with the whole business. He was so far from being dis- couraged by it that it made him more eager to strike a bargain. When it began to grow dark he ordered a bed to be made for him in a room that faced the street. He called for paper, ink, and candle, and ordered all his servants to withdraw. He employed his mind, his eyes, and his hands in writing, lest his imagination, having nothing to employ it, might be at leisure to create visions and spectres. All the former part of the night the scene continued quiet enough ; at last he heard the rat- tling of iron and shaking of chains. Our philo- sopher did not so much as lift up his eyes to see what was the matter, nor leave off writing, but en- deavoured all he could to neglect it ; the noise still increasing and moving nearer, so that some- times it appeared to be within, and sometimes with- out, the room, at last Athenodorous looked behind him, and saw it just as the neighbours had described it to him. It stood still and beckoned with its finger, like a man who calls to another. He, on the otherside, made a sign that it should tarry a little for him, and fell a-writing again. All this while the spectre rattled his chains over his head as he writ, and he, looking behind him, found that it beckoned to him as before ; so he took up his candle in his hand and followed it. The ghost walked leisurely along, as if its chains did hinder it ; after that it turned into the courtyard and im- mediately vanished underground. Our philosopher took some leaves and herbs that he might know the place again. The next day he went to the magis- trates of the town, and advised them to dig in the place where this happened, which accordingly they did, and found a parcel of bones wrapped about with iron chains, formerly belonging to a body, which time, and the earth together had putrified. These relics were publicly buried, after which the house was haunted no more. " I am inclined to believe this story, having had it so confidently a'hrmed to me. I earnestly entreat you to bestow a little consideration, to inform me better on this point. Tis a subject worthy of the deepest inquiry ; though I confess I am not wor- thy to have you to communicate your learned thoughts to me. Although you can plead on both sides, and manage an argument either pro or con, as the custom of the gentlemen of the bar is, yet I beg you not to employ that talent here, but fairly to determine the point, because I would not be dis- missed uncertain or left in suspense, since this is my reason for giving you this trouble. Farewell." To this singular relic we can only add, that as several interesting original papers, as well as ex- tracts from various works, have from time to time appeared in The Mirror, elucidating this fact, that almost all the superstitions of times comparatively, and actually modern, have a classical origin, the family likeness which the Athenian ghost bears to many an English one, will be readily acknowledged. 