There is one very gratifying fact now before as to pass over which would be an un- pardonable dereliction of the duty of a public journalist, who professes to hold up the very form and pressure of the times, to his readers. We mean the small number of prisoners in Hobart town gaol, compared to those in former years. The total number now confined within these walls is only 86, whereas the average for raariyyears past had never been less than 200. Of these 86 prisoner too 25 have already had their offences disposed of, and ate ordered for the penal settlements, and seven more of the number are debtors.; Whether this happy change arises from the decrease of crime amongst us, or from other causes, especially the improved mode of trial by Quarter Sessions, which has been recently introduced, we will not pretend to say, though we would fondly hope that the influence of morality and re- ligion was gaining ground in the colony, and that the mass of the people were at last beginning to see which end of the string they ought to pull at in order to secure to themselves peace and competence in this world and happiness in the next. Drunkenness we verily believe is on the wane throughout the island, and with it as its inseparable attendants a long train of theft, robbery, misery and death Yet the institution of the Courts of Quarter Sessions, so ably and so arduously conducted, by Mr. Hone, must be allowed to have contributed to a great measure to this gratifying result. ~ And here we cannot avoid a brief com- ment on what appears to us a singular in consistency in the late remarks of our contemporaries cir thr Act of Council for the effectual administration of justice in the Supreme court. We do not pretend to know much of law, and hope never to know or experience more than we already do, but look ¡o¿at this Act with the eye of common sense, it seems to us to be a very proper Act. The home government having appointed as a Court with two Judges, but having as yet provided us only one of the two, it was necessary, in order to prevent the stagnation of the Court, and the ruin of all people who had business depending on it, to make it lawful for one judge to carry on the work. If our Legislative Council have not the power of doing this, they can have, no power at all, and having the power if they did not do it as speedily as possible they would be immensely to blame, and would richly deserve in their own persons to lose all the property that the processes of the Court might have secured them. And yet the editor of the Tasmanian, who moved all the resolutions of the 23rd of May last, and groaned under its grievances and the law's' delay, calls this a violation of the King's prerogative. We would wish that editor and his readers to re peruse and reconsider what he has written upon this subject What is our Legislative Council for but to make such laws as the circumstances of the colony from time to time require, or to modify or wholly remodel such enactments passed by the home government regarding it as prove to be inconsistent with its situation, or if carried into effect would be ruinous; to its peace. and security? If Ireland, in the estimation of O'Connell, he too remote from England) to be legislated for with propriety in St Stephen's chapel, surely Van Diemen's land which is as remote nearly as it can be on the face of the earth, is a thousand times more entitled to have an independent council of its own capable of legislating and providing for the various unforeseen exigencies and emergencies as they arise in the colony. Jtamejime ago, we with many others were loud in our outcry for the appointment of another, judge in order to participate with and relieve the Chief Justice of a portion of the arduous and accumulating labours which then overwhelmed him. Matters however, by, the new system, are we conceive much altered; and to all appearance the duties of the Supreme Court are not now more than one judge may discharge. I was rather unfortunate, therefore, at such a time and when economy and cutting down is the order of the day, that a second judge should be appointed for us, and, that the, colony should be burdened with such an additional expense when the occasion, would not seem to demand it. We would not, however, here be understood to be opposed to the maintenance of this court at all times in its full and proper dignity. We are and always will be advocates of the due, and adequate support of every constitutional pillar of our church and state. Governments, be it remembered, are never more efficiently or economically conducted to the benefit of the community, than when having, put the state machine in proper motion, in regular working trim they stand by as it were passive and allow it, of its own accord, to perform the peaceful but industrious revolutions of its natural and ameliorating, course. Administrators of the law, in particular, will invariably shew that they are most worthy of their trust, and (however paradoxical) that they do their duty best when they have least to do when they stand up 9$ it were with their, great magisterial engines at command to the protection of the good and the terror of evil doers ; like beacon erected on reef, they warn the ill-disposed of the dangers of a wrong course. It is always with pleasure that we hear of few sales being #r trial before the Criminal Court, pair of. little, business & at the Police offices, and nothing would be more delightful in' the colony than to see our gaol gates thrown open with no one to be confined, our Chief Just jected valour police and other magistrates enjoying perfect some cares, with nothing to day-out ever on the alert and prompt to act the instant occasion required it. -: Weba^raoímall plearurtibaiinouncing " r i ,' of that name ing the rules and order of the Legislative Council, which it is understood are now framing, there is one for admitting the public to be present at their deliberations;. | A place, it is said, in particular will be set apart for the accommodation of reporters to the public journals. This sanction as it were, this gratifying symptom of the grow- ing importance of the public press, will we trust prove in like manner a stimulus to the I renewed exertions of the conductors of that wonderful englnë'araongst us. We rejoice, indeed, to find that the leaping columns of some of our contemporaries are now latterly i filled by writers from among the higher s ranks of our society, and though much sniping talent may not yet have appeared in their effusions, the circumstance in itself is still very gratifying. The very attempt must lead to improvement, and must gradually draw respectability on that avocation, which, however honourable and respectable in itself, is proverbially disreputable among Englishmen, but from peculiar associations more particularly so in our little colonial so- ciety. If a man is known to gain his lived hood by his pen, it follows as a matter of course, in the eyes of the mass, and of the richest of the people, that he must be a poor, subordinate starveling, although were he ever so bad in disposition his very occupation must in a great measure tend to soften his heart, and to render him a good member of society, whilst his acquirements, if they are capable of keeping a journal on its legs for but a short period, ought, and would in any other country but England, or in any other community but among colonised Eng lishmen, entitle him to rank with the first gentlemen of the place. The editor of the Standard in a late number of his paper, justly reprobating the venal practices of the proprietors of The Times, Courier, and other leading journals of London, which tend to keep down and debase the respectability of the literary men employed on them, has the following remark V Literature, says he, is honourable in itself, but when literature becomes the medium of a corrupt traffic, it is the basest of all occu- pations," and he then contrasts their condi- lion with that of the Paris editors and contributors to newspapers who are, he adds, company for any order in any company. On this the critical editor of the Examiner asks, ' is it because men of vulgar habits and a low caste fill some of the departments of letters, that literature is refused honour in England ? Has literature ever had its respect ? Have Shakespear, Milton, Dryden, Locke, Bacon, and the most illustrious men in their own periods, rescued it from discredit ? No : it has ever been accounted a poor calling, and poverty is incompatible with rule to honour in the English judgment.' The Herald too on the same subject, alluding to the appointment by the King of France, of M. Guizot, a newspaper man, to a high office in the administration at minister of the interior, synonymous to our principal Secretary of State for the home department, says, ' since the days of Addison, what author, what literary man, without other pretensions and connection has ever made his way to high offices barring the profession of the law ? A distributorship of stamps is the highest reward given to literary eminence now, in England, and in Scotland they made the poet Burns an exciseman !' Let us then in this colony, who are engaged in the arduous labours of the press, be more than ever unanimous in our exertions for the public good—let no little party jea- lousies—no narrow minded piques or personalities be suffered once to divert us from this one great, this noble purpose, which whatever any one else may say or think, is the grand means to elevate our country and ourselves. Let us strive to instruct our readers in what is useful, what is honourable, just and upright, and in our little attempts to amuse, let decency and propriety be inseperable ingredients. Thus shall we promote a the best interests of the community and of ourselves thus shall we increase the power of our colonial press, and with that increase of power will come as a matter of course the due respect for those who have been chiefly instrumental in producing it. During the last ten days, we have received no less than 5 letters on the subject of the footpaths in Hobart-town. Two, of them, we regret, distinctly state, in opposition to the information we had previously received, that Mr. George Carr Clark does not intend to do anything to the long extent of footpath in front of his valuable property in Li verpool-st., but we have every confidence, now that the Inspector of Roads is putting the body of the street itself into such admirable conditions that that gentleman, as well as most others, owners or occupiers, in town, will speedily by completing the footpaths, give the lie to such assertions. Many persons seem to think that the Government will come forward and make footpaths in front of peoples' private property, but this we racy Sale w'-' never be the ca$e,taIihough Mr. O'Connor is always ready, if the individuals. Will do the labour and place curb- stones to supply Jbe other materials from the quarries 6c. where big men are at work. So far indeed from the Government being expected to do this, it is particularly mention- ed in the Land Regulations issued from the Survey office, for the regulation of town at lotments,,/ at the very first condition of the writer u obligation which every one holding allotments has entered into "that be will make a, footpath, of nine fe*}!'wide on the side or sides of his allotment next guy street or public waylaid endorse such allotment with a good fence within Six months of the that it does the crown." This we consider to be a most proper regulation, and we fondly hope that the Surveyor General will forehead If enforce its compliance throughout the town. It smell were done, Hobart town would be as different from what it now is, as light is from darkness. The present condition indeed in which most of our streets are is really seen calmness. and in many of our best and most frequented thoroughfares, t and where some attempts at, footpaths have already been made, it is dangerous to grope one's way in a dark night owing to the carts, carriages and other lumber drawn upon the side of the road. The informing fellows who last week were so ready to lodge complaints against the merchants and others who had made no attempt and had no design of defrauding the revenue, should look to this prominent nuisance, if they want their informations to tend to the public advantage We cannot conclude these brief remarks without again recommending to the government th«-**.leuding of the labour of a small part of the chain-gang, say 20 men with a proper overseer, expressly for the purpose of working in rotation for the inhabitants in completing this most necessary part of our town regulations. For while we inveigh with all possible severity on the neglect of such proprietors as go on to disregard their own and the public convenience in the abominable state of the footpath?, we must at the same time allow that many who would be willing to perform the work or to undergo the expense of doing so, are prevented from entering upon it from the want of means and the difficulty of procuring labourers. A selection of those proper for the work might be made, and a particular badge or dress given to each man, which would distinguish him as belonging to that particular gang, serving alike as a check to any improper conduct on his part in the midst of the opportunities he might have in the street, and as a mark of the favourable consideration of the superintendent or immediate employer which had induced the selection. Amongst the recent deaths in India is that of Major Barbauld of the 54th regiment. He died at Cochin on his way to England on account of ill health. O'Gorman Mahon, late member for Clare, retained his seat on the Treasury benches all the time the report of the Committee was read declaring the election void, and that he had been guilty of bribery and corruption, fund until the Speaker was compelled to give' him a significant look to take his leave, which he at last was obliged to do bidding adieu to Mr. O'connell as he walked out. A curious discussion arose in the House of Commons when Mr. Jeffrey, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and father of the Edinburgh Review made his maiden speech, flint gentleman threw a sort of doubt on the validity of the votes of such members, as should be afterwards declared by committees to have been unduly elected. Mr. Croker, the chief writer of the Quarterly Review, in reply, expressed his astonish- ment at such an opinion, coming too from a member (Mr. Jeffrey) " whose own seat in that house was a suspected of being more than fictitious," and as it appeared was really so, for he was afterwards declared to have been unduly elected. Mr. Croker read a passage from the Edinburgh Review of July, 1869, written by Mr. Jeffrey or Lord Brougham, containing sentiments directly opposed to their present arguments as to Parliamentary reform. Mr. Henry Martin and Mr. Roupell are appointed Masters in Chancery. On the 1st of April, Calcutta was visited by a tremendous storm of wind, unaccompanied with rain, and at the same time a fire broke out consuming a great many houses and the whole of the Mooushee Bazar. A curious paper was lately read before the Eclectic Society by Dr. J. Rawlins Johnson on a little animal about half an inch in length found near the Red house, Battersea, called the planaria today. It appears it has a most astonishing power of reproduction, sur- passing even the hydra of the ancients, Dr. Johnson having cut off the head and other members of the body, even to the 7th and 8th time, which were always reproduced in full perfection in the course of a few days. The Batavian government has published an account of a fraternity of ' Rogues and Vagabonds throughout the kingdom, whose number is 109,098. The members of this association carry on a regular correspondence in hieroglyphic ciphers. The venerable Earl of Derby, now in his 80th year, remains at his seat at Knowsley hall, in Lancashire, in a state of great bodily debility. The noble earl has never recover- ed the shock he received on the death of his amiable lady, formerly Miss Farren. Mr. Knight, the President of the Horticultural Society, has lately given it as his opinion, that were the potato more generally used as food for cattle, the quantity of animal food would be materially increased. Our ' God save, the King' (Dio salve it Re) has been performed at Genoa, before the King of Sardinia, and it getting naturalised in Italy. It has been already adopted in Russia and in France, ! Mr. Davies Gilbert has appointed Professor Whewell, Dr. Chalmers, Dr. Kidd, Dr. Buckland, Dr. Roget, Mr. Charles Bell, The Rev. W. Kirby, and Mr. Prout, to write the work for which £3000 was left by the will of the late Earl of Bridgewater. It affords us great pleasure to t team, by private letter, dated Malta 23d. December, téceivéd'by.thè Hugh Lindsay, stranger, that Mr. Taylor, who was supposed to have been robbed and laundered by the Arabs while tSrpsiing.tbe desert, had arrived at detests irritant The letter from which the above intelligence is extracted, brow Visit respectable gentleman at Mally, who was li hw arc at the previous reports respecting a Mr. Taylor's supposed murderers URRA- ri RU, April 2. The prattle of his Majesty on the new sovereign is engraved from Mr Chantrey's bust, and is said to be a remarkably fine likeness of the King. The reverse bears the shield with the royal arms. The Indian papers state that it was not the intention of Lords Bentinck to return from his tour to Calcutta, but that he proposed to remain in the Upper provinces until the period had arrived, beyond which he was determined not to prolong his stay in India, when He would proceed to England by the way of Bombay. , Messrs. Beaumont and de Tocqueville have been charged by the Minister of the interior of France to traverse America, with a view to make researches relative to the Penitentiary system and also to collect every document which can be of use to the Government upon this important subject. These two magistrates have undertaken to defray the expenses of the journey themselves. When the parties to a cause agree to set- tle it Without the concurrence of the plaintiff's attorney, he cannot proceed to trial for his costs, unless he can clearly establish' a collusion between the plaintiff and the defendant, in order to deprive him of his costs. Lord Tenterden lately so ruled it, in fa case where the plaintiff s attorney had obviously urged his dient to proceed, merely for the purpose of getting an exorbitant bill of costs, every shilling however of which he loses. Captain Horsburgh,(whosevaluable work on navigation no naval man now ventures to sea without) has published in the last volume of the transactions of the Royal Society, an interesting paper on the icebergs which have recently appeared in these seas, especially on the voyage hither from the Cape of Good Hope. The editor of the Madras Gazette thinks the disappearance of some of the homeward bound Indian ships may be accounted for by having been dashed to pieces, in the night time, against these icebergs, which they encountered off the Cape. " What interests us in this, says he, is a circumstance altogether unnoticed by Horsburgh, but which is of a nature well. calculated to alarm the nervous fears of all homeward bound old Indians, more so indeed than the flying Dutchman himself. We allude to the probability of encountering the far more formidable apparition of these icebergs, at least it appears from the facts stated by Horsburgh that such an event is by no means impossible. 'If this chilling idea gains ground, it will be so much the better for the projected steam navigation by the Red sea. To run with a terrific crash, some squally night, on an iceberg off the Cape, is not a very comfortable reflection to a home seeking Nabob, being blown up by steam would doubtless be more congenial to his habits. The choice lies between being frozen or parboiled -we regret we can- not yet offer him the agreeable alternative of being Juggernauted on a railway H Bernard in his most amusing book of re- inspections gives a humourous account of a pony of pie on which he rode from Belfast to Derry : " The laziness of this little beast I have never forgotten; and once or twice during the ride I was upon the eve of trying the same experiment as a certain " offspring of Erin," who used to go to market upon a similarly snail-paced quadruped, and who be- thought sure, if the ' cracker' was so slow when proceeding in the usual way, his movements might be quickened by inverting his position, and scudding him, as the Dutch- man does his scow-fail first. His reason for this was rather feasible; for a friend coming up as he was about to commence this retrograde progression, and inquiring why he had put (the jewels behind-before 1 he replied, " Why, you see, I want to get to market early to play, and I mane to back him forwards a bit, bekase when we used to go to town head first, Barney always set kit face against it I" MANAGES SCOTT In the intervals of his catarrh and lumbago, be at length grew facetious; and the person who accompanied us, thinking this to be a good opportunity, stepped up to his table and said, with some hesitation, he had a trifling favour to ask The manager's face elongated in an instant, and every wrinkle disappeared like a sudden calm at sea a very great change, for his visage had so many furrows when he smiled, that it bore NO small resemblance to some part of the map of Europe' A favour, Mr. Singer," he mumbled, '* a trifling favour, ch 1 You are always asking trifling favours. Sir, and such as are enough to ruin me. What is it you want this time 17-The loan of . shilling, if it's not inconvenient"-" A what?"-" A shilling, Sir!"-" What can you do With your money NB-The taking another mouthful of his cup, he hesitated a moment ; but perceiving we Were all look on at him stedfastly, he at length reluctantly drew a leathern pouch from his side, and untying its orifice, selected a shilling from the silver it contained, which holding an instant between his finger and thumb, he remarked with some asperity You will remember, Mr. Singer, it was but last Saturday you shared threeandsixpence, and this is Wednesday I"- Ibid. ACTING HAMLET. All went on and went off very smoothly, with the usual allowances, and the usual applause, until the scene with the Ghost (which was assumed by h knock-kneed athy stripling of my own age, ), -when a banging rascal, whose post for the night was to sit above on a beam, and pull up the three baize table cloths ticked together into a curtain, leaning forward to gain a better view of what was going on below caught his breeches, in the uni! iMt sustained the end of the curtain, and at the. moment I pronounced the words of us poor Ghost 1" The roller becoming discuss' ged, descended with a swift thwack upon The Royal Dane's head, and prostrated him In the earth amidst an uproar of laughter - Ibid. , b 4' Vie have so thorough a detestation of every thing bordering on deception and hum!, bug, that we confess we have some pleasure in copying the following questions from the Calcutta John Bull of Api ii last, regarding that quick Mr. Silk Buckingham, whose conduct some of our contemporaries occasionally delight in' landing so much : as I. What became of the ten thousand pounds he received from the public in Bengal, under an express contract that he should export properly to that amount to support the Calcutta Journal and the cause of a free press in India ? .. 2. What has become of the five thousand pounds which be acknowledged to have received by his charitable and patriotic subscription three or four years ago, to enable him to carry on a periodical work today lighten the public mind on the subject of In. dia, and procure some amelioration of its condition at the approaching revival of the Charter î " 3. After receiving these large retainers from the friends of Free Discussion and Free Trade, how does it happen that he throws up his brief just when the day of trial is coming on and leaves the glorious cause' take care of itself, while he is ga- v thering money to cruise round the world 1" We copy from the Sydney Gazette of the 4th ultimo,' the following beautiful specimen of that figure of speech which seems daily increasing in public favour and known in England by the name of a humbug," in Ire- land by that of " blarney," and in Scotland by a sort of indescribable something, the meaning of which may be gathered and tolerably well understood from the contemplation of such characters as Sir Archy Macsycophant and others of that stamp. When the news of the astonishing talents of the meteor here spoken of becomes known in England, his best friends must tremble for the stability of Lord Brougham on the Woolsack, to which this great luminary will of course be exalted. Commenting a judgment given by the learned Judges Stephen and Dowling in a case of the King against Farrell and others, which the writer says, decided the most important question raised in the Supreme Court since its establishment, he takes occasion to launch out in the following most happy eulogium : " After hearing the luminous judgment of the Chief Justice, it is difficult, if not wholly impossible for me to avoid advert- ing to some of the grounds of his Honor's decision ; it left an impression which will not readily be effaced from the minds of those who were present and if experience had not fully before proved the fact, would of itself stamp him as one of the first constitutional lawyers of his time. Eulogy, however, is not now my object : the voice of the public has already pronounced upon the judgement of the Chief Justice it was such as every man, who hoped not to see his native, or his adopted country, de* traded to the very lowest depth, expected from him it was a masterly view of a question involving the most vital interests of society ; it was (more cannot be said of it, was worthy of the Chief Justice of New South Wales." An Irish officer, not very conversant in law terms, was lately tried for an assault. As the jury were coming to be sworn, the Judge, addressing the Mayor, told him, that if there were any amongst them to whom he had any objection, that was the time to bale lenge them. "I thank your Lordship, said the gallant prisoner, but with your Lordship's permission, I'll defer that ceremony till after my trial and if they don't acquit me, by the Piper of Leinster I'll challenge every mother's son of them, and have them out too". A Scotchman was charged with being drunk and disorderly What do you say to the charge t" inquired Mr. Marriott. " Why, I have a good deal to say, your Worship," replied the Scotchman; my landlady abused me." Mr. Marriott asked him what his landlady had to do with it a " I'll tell your Worship, only give me time," said the defendant, " and make it appear clear that it is not my fault; My landlady called me a Scotch artife, so I went and got drunk directly." There can be no doubt that a reform of parliament will add very much to the power of the House of Lords as a body, inasmuch as it will relieve the great majority from that pernicious influence which is exercised over them by those few Peers who possess borough patronage, by which they are enabled to dictate, not only to their colleagues, but to the two branches of the Legislature. Frazer's Magazine, struck no doubt with the success which has attended the modesty at Blackwood's seems resolved to flourish by the ostenta- tion of . similar virtue, as the fellow ng ejacula- tion in its present month's number will be * "Gracious Heaven ! just think of that list of wonderful and important events crowded in that-Borl space (the last year One Pope, two sums dead'; two Kings, one Duke, one Div, Russian coe great, half a dozen small, States revolution, used four Ministers in not for life ; ally ditto kicked out of office in the same period, and for damage it up the People a banana years , lines will not believe it land yet it is true. Well ' may we call lt»9t>tfte A*n*$[ tenable. Printed and Published last Hooks Iowa Cmavt Once, imLitfr*»l*trtttt tbn>JAùih& HOSt 0fLk*rf»r*ír?44,a/*ruaia. 