COURT OF REQUESTS. " It med'cine's science, and chirurgic art, " is studied mind and practis'd hand were skill'd" BosToN v. SULlVAN.-The plaintiff, a Pharmacopolist residing in Kent-street, sought to recover the sum of one pound for medical attendance on the defendant. On a certain day he was sent for, and went to the residence of the plaintiff, where he found Mrs. Sullivan weltering in blood, flowing from a tremendous gash in her arm inflicted by her cara sposa as a memento perhaps of his affection; after stopping the flow of blood, the doctor pro. ceeded to stitch up the wound, which took seventeen stitches to close it. Mrs. S. here stopped the plaintiff to inform his Honor that she admitted the doctor's attendance, but that he had sewn up the rent with black thread, giving her arm the appearance of a chequer board, anti on this ground objected to the payment of the fee. " Black thread, woman !'' (said the doctor) " did na I gie ye my attend. ance six days forbye the sewing ? It's the practice o' the professien your Honor to charge hafe-a-croon for ev'ry steech that's putten in a wund, but I hae only demanded a pund for attendance, black thread and a' !" The Com- missioner was satisfied that the demand was a moderate one, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff. Police.-An unusually long list of drunken, lazy, wandering knaves, made their appear ance at the bar, and were quickly despatched to the factory, gaol, tread-wheel, and stocks; among the number was Margaret Freeman, a virago of the superlative degree, assigned to Mr. Lee, charged by her master with indolence. It appeared on evidence, that the lady was eager for the fray, having asked her fellow servant, "whether she was game enough to face the little Corsican chap on the bench, and get turned in !" Captain Rossi told her she was the most impudent woman he had ever seen; but the worthy magistrate was doomed to be an eye- witness of her unconquerable spirit; for in the twinkling of an eye, she let fly a facer at her master, which luckily missed hun. She was removed from the bar in an exhausted state, from the torrent of abuse she dealt out to his worship, her master, and " all the d-n-ble crew" as she termed them ! The constables did not miss their share of her favours, which she bestowed right and left with a good deal of science; and last, though not least, a constable appeared to in form his worship, that the watch-house would not hold her ! for she had torn down part of it with herculean strength, and if she remained, the building would inevitably be a heap of ruins ! She was accordingly handcuffed and taken to the gaol. Looney Howard and Edward Kis'Esn, two assigned serv..nts of MAr. Layton, were brought before the Police on a charge of aiding and assisting in landing one hundred and twenty gallons of spirits, and four hundred weight of tobacco, supposed to be smuggled from the Dart. 'The spirits anti tobacco were seized in a-house occupied by the defendants in charge, at Mr. Layton's Mill, Miller's Point, by Air. Oliver, tide-waiter, in concert with the chief constable, who had received information from a run-a-way prisoner of thie crown, nametl Hamilton Ross, who had been harboured in that quarter. The defentlants had no permit for the spirits, nor would they give an account where they procured it. Sentenced twelve months each to an iron gang. A goodly numn her of persons are supposed to have been implicated in this trade for years. The con stables are on the alert to ferret them out. (T'he smuggling of spirits has been alvays carried on in this port to a great extent. ED.) A gang of prisoners is employed on Goat Island hewing stone, for the erection of a new custom-house. A little girl fourteen years of age, named Ann Fowler, the daughter of a dealer in timber in Darling Harbour, came by her death on Friday last, by being burnt in the act of placing the tea kettle on the fire, her cloaths catching fire and before any assistance could be rendered she was so severely burnt that she died in four hours after, in the arms of her afflicted parent. A Mrs. Nott was much burnt in her endeavours to extinguish the flame. The Supreme Court Office is moved from the residence' of the Chief Justice in Bent Street, to the chambers in the Supreme Court buildings, King Street. On the night of Thursday last, the consta. bulary captured sou.e kegs of spirits, and a large quantity of tobacco, which were illicitly conveyed from a ship In the harbour to the shore. TIme property is an the possession of the customs. A few evenings since, as Mr. C. D. Moore, was returning on horseback to Sydney, he was stopped on the Parramatta road with the usual " stop and deliver." by twvo men who came from the road side. Mr. Moore differing in opinion with these aoi-divans bniliffs, as to the legality of such a levy, served an eject ment on one of them with the butt end of his whip, which staggered him, and his comrade, seeing the learned gentleman display such a fiery facias, withdrew his plea. Mr. Moors gave leg hail for his non-appearance on a si milar suit. Mr. Bernet Levy.has coijmmenced blusiness as a watchmaker, in the house formerly occu pied by Mr. Robertson. Last week the inmates of the gaol were thrown into confuslon by a report that a ghost had been ascending the gallows without a head) It appeared that the report emanated from the sentry, who, upon seeing the appa. ritior, dropped his musket, flew from his post, snd upon reachiig the gate fainted. No per suasion could induce him to return to the yard. Baldwin the native youth who was sentenced to death for cattle stealing, who has been in the condemned cells for the last fourteen weeks, has been respited. Mr. Holman, the celebrated traveller, will shortly coimmence a tour of research into the interior of New South Wales. An indefatigable ra.t-catcher.-Mr. Henry Green, store-keeper as Hyde Park Barrack, has within the last month annihilated three hundred and fifty two rats I He ought to be rewarded for his anxiety as to the Govern ment Stores. Great complaints are made by the mecha nics in government employ, of their being compelled to work in their spare time for oflicers. If the men refuse, they are not pun ished indeed, but marked; if they consent then they cannot get paid. Thus the poor devils are placed in a dilemma not very creditable to the party who employs them. I'hey can earn good wages in their spare hours, and can get ready employment from tradespeople in the town, who would be glad to employ and pay them for their labour, which was the case be fore the new government cabinet shop was opened; but they feel (foo'ish frightened fellows) that they are obliged to assent for fear of the cells or some greater punishment when oppor tunity offers. Mr. Hely has got all his furniture made at the netw shop and at prices monstrously cheap I The tradespeople in the town are underminedas the work thus manufactured (costing little) is sold at least 30 per cent lower than they can afford to make it for; be sides their being deprived of the assistance of the men who would (if they dare) willingly go to them as they used to do before Mr. Hely invented this piece of ingenuity. The Market-.lace returns a snug penny to the Revenue, notwithstanding which it is the dirtiest, worst contrivedl place for the pur pose that could be established. Independent of the filth which destroys cloaths and occa sions losses of shoes and accitdents from falling. The carts pass through all the pas suges,.which are scarce wide enough for two or three foot passengers abreast, and do much damage to the stalls as wvell as to the public. The high price which tLie oils exported from the Colony fetch at hoime, lhas rendered that article scarcely to be pro tired in Sydney. The only holder of oil at present in Sydney, who retails it, is Mr. White, Lamp Contractor of George-street. By the Northumberland, which arrived from Newcastle on Sundtay last, rather distressing accounts are received of the losses suffered at Hunter's river by the late rains. Cattle and sheep weire see in n umbers floating down the river ; the bridges have been destroyed, much of the crops ruincl and many houses .en dangered. i Ir. Mluir's hiouse at Ajaitland, was completely surrounded by the water, and the family bridge was carried away. (Alas' Alas I no more double tolls !) The extent of the loss wvas nrot ascertained at the time the Northumrberaond sailed, bit the Goods were rather increasing, and the settlers were in a state of dismay. A spacious apartimsent in a house in Goul hurn- street, is lent by Dlr. Thomas Street, the proprietor, fIr the purpose of a tempo rary chapel for the Methodists. On Sunday last, the Rev. Editor of the official Journal addressed a hiumerous audience, on the fol lowing text, " Be ye wise as serpents" Messrs. Hughes and Hosking, have com- menced an extensive Warehouse in Dar ling Harbour. The utill part of Mr. Levy's gigantic struc ture, now the , property of Cooper and Levey, is going to be pulled down, the buibling is undergoing alterations, so as to render it a roomy and convenient store. The front plart, is fitting utip for a spacious Hotel. Numerous applications have been made lately at the Police Offce for redress from defamation of character. On Monday, a lady making a coinmplaint of this sort was consoled by the Worthy Magistrate saying," Pooh you must mind abuse even we are abused some times"! The ship Australia. Sleight, master, which sailed from this port in August last, with Dr. Laing. Mr. Birt and family, and Mrs. Levi and family as passengers, fir. ivsd in Englanid, after a pleasant voyage of 112 days, all well. On Monday night tie house of Mr. Hyam, boot and shoe- maker of George Street, was broken into and robbed of £800 in cash, be sides a quanity of jewellery. Fifty-six prisoners were marched under a strong escort to Iron gaIngs in the interrior, yestertlay mnorning. State of the Sydney Gaol.-For trial 144 ; Respites 6; For transportation3; Coofines 20; For bail 2; Hard labour 8; Approvers 5; Factory 15 For Newcastle 1i; Debtors 22. Total 226 By the Governor Phillip, which arrived from Norfolk Islantl on Monday, the musi neers are forwarded for trial The Regent Bird, brings tidings of great sickness, prevailing at Moreton Bay. Other accounts say, there has been a movement there among the Convicts. These penal set tlements, besides being hell upon earth, are an enormous and useless expense to old En. gland. -900100 