COBBETT ON THE LATE MINISTRY. Teh reader will see how tamely the " Prince of Waterloo " gave up the ghost. "Where are his 40 titles now ! How exactly has his fall verified my prediction, addresscd to himself, in February 1828 ! He has literally been hooted down by the people. He says (and Peel says the same) that he has resigned in consequence of the majority against them in the House of Commons on Mon- day night. Aye, that is the pretence, but, if true, what gave the opposition that majority? Why, the cry of the people against the " Prince,'' to be sure ; but it would not do to say that be was driven out by the people. This would not have suited that precious House neithe r; and there can be no doubt that it was settled amongst all the parties, that he should go out under this pretence ; and that thus the precious House should have the credit of putting him out. This puts me in mind of Lord Cornwallis, who, when he sur- rendered his army to the combined French and American army, wanted to give up his sword to the royal French commander, and not to the re- publican Washington. He did, however, give it up to Washington ; and our " Prince" might as well have given up his treasurer's staff to the peo- ple ; for it is the people, and not the precious, precious House, that have taken the staff from him.--Well ! but who is to succeed him ? The letter (sent to the King early this morning) of which the following is a copy, will show who, in my opinion, ought to succeed him. TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY. Bolt- court, Nov. 17, 1830. May it please your Majesty, Being convinced, that, if I were your Majesty's Minister, I could cause to be adopted such mea- sures as would, in a very short space of time, put an end to the burnings, which are now a subject of great alarm, and as would, in a few restore the country to content and peace, and en- able it again to raise its head aloft in the world ; being thus covinced, I deem it my duty to your Majesty and to my country to tender my services ; and, having thus discharged this duty, it only re- mains" (or me to add, that I am your Majesty's most dutiful, most obedient, and most humble subject and servant, WM. CORBETT. How, upon reading this, the lords and parsons, and place-hunting lawyers, and all the tax-eaters, will curl up their lips and toes up their heads ! What sweet grins iIt will excite on the 'Change, at Lloyds, and in the hells of St. James's street ! In spite of all this, however, to this (if I live and have my health a few years longer) it will come at last ; or something a great deal worse to all these parties will come. 