Miscellanea. (Letters on the Colony, No 11.) MY DEAR DONALD, There are many who come to this Colony under very erro- nious conceptions of what awaits them, in most particulars. Some, who have been accustomed to all the comforts and en- joyments of life, but who have found numerous privations unavoidable within these last few years, in consequence of the change of the times, embark hither under the foolish ex- pectation that, like the snail that travels with its house upon its back, they have only to pitch their tent upon some chosen spot, and immediately to find every thing about them, as heretofore. Others have been misled by the rhapsodical high flown accounts that have been promulgated, and have accord- ingly experienced a severe disappointment at the sober reality that has convicted their visionary notions upon many sub- jects. The plain fact is, that this is a colony that presents numerous opportunities to the man of industry or talent for bettering himself and his fortunes; but it is one of the worst places in the world for a person to come to, who knows not how to make the best of every thing, and to be independent, in the true spirit of the word, of much assistance which all classes are in the constant habit of receiving in the Mother Country. In towns this is less necessary, because when a number of persons have congregated, as a matter of course there is a variety of trades or professions that thrive better by mutually employing each other, than by trenching upon what properly belongs to others. But in the country it is different. In many parts the distance between neighbours is considerable - frequently many miles, and from any thing like a town or settlement much greater. If therefore, under the same roof, were not comprehended butcher, baker, and candle maker, and the Lord knows what besides, many fami- lies would run the chance of feeding sometimes as Nebuchad- nezzar did of old upon the grass of the field; or of being clad in the Adam and Eve fashion - with the leaves of the forest. Sometimes, the apologies or substitutes for what custom has rendered almost indispensable, are amusing enough, and fre- quently too, the temper of heads of families is sufficiently tried, by the character of the servants who are assigned to them by the Government to fill any particular capacity. A gentleman, a friend of mine, who is a man about forty miles from head quarters, and who besides is a very worthy man, some little time since, returned to his home, just after the arrival of a prison ship had caused a considerable number of servants to be distributed, and told his wife that he had been fortunate enough to obtain the assignment of a very capital house servant. "A man, my dear, said he, "who will do us credit among our neighbours, and shew them that we know whats what." "I am glad of this," replied the lady, "for we shall have a few friends here on Friday, and really 'tis so awkward having no one that knows any thing, that one's quite ashamed of having company." "Ah well," said the other, "it will he better now I dare say." A day or two afterwards and this thorough-paced footman arrived, and no sooner was he announced as being in the kitchen, than Madam, with a natural curiosity, went to peep at him. The lady had been a rich soap-boiler's only daughter, near Whitechapel, and her papa had kept his carriage at the latter period of his life, to carry him when too weakly and gouty to move in any other way, to and fro his country box at Upton, and of course, with the carriage, had a smart showy footman. She pictured to herself therefore, in mind, some nice smart young man, just like what obliging William was in her younger days, and already was thinking how much she should eclipse all the ladies of her acquaintance. Upon en- tering the kitchen, however, she was rather disconcerted at seeing that the only stranger was a great bulky fellow, six feet high, and three times as many stone weight, who was lolling at his full length upon a sort of settle by the side of the fire, and presenting, altogether, the most dirty and coarse appearance imaginable. "What, are you the young man that is sent here as a house servant?" said the lady. The fellow had not the manners even to rise as he replied, "Yes Ma'am." "Pray what can you do?" said the lady, "Almost every thing you please, Ma'am," " Can you wait at table?" was the next enquiry. "Oh yes, Ma'am." Well, thought the lady, this is a rough diamond at all events, his looks are not much in his favor, but to-morrow we will try him. Well, the next day, in order to make the best of him, one of my friend's cast off suits of clothes was let out as large as possible, and after other preliminaries, when the company assembled, which was to tea and supper, the man was inducted into his new office. Instead of making tea in the room, it was handed round to the company upon a tray, and which was set off for the occasion with the utmost possible effect. A beautiful service of Worcester china, fully equal to Dresden, was not the least conspicuous among its ornaments, and the bread and butter cut as thin as wafers, and rolled up. The Brenton cakes, biscuits, &c.;, which also helped to fill the huge plated salver, altogether formed a load quite heavy enough for a new foot- man. I could scarcely refrain from laughter at the fellow's debut, when the door was thrown open, and in he stalked; nor could I help pitying the confusion of the lady at the discon- certing of her endeavours to be grand, which immediately followed, for it was evident that this was probably the first time be had ever been inside a drawing room in his life. But it was too late to recede - and all that could be done was to make the best of the affair that was possible. The man on his part looked as confused and silly as his mistress; but nevertheless, contrived to hand the things round better than might have been expected, and it did not seem improbable that the meal might be got through without any very outrageous error being committed. Among the company, however, was a lady with a very red face, and who had a touch of St. Vitus's dance, which caused her at times so to distort the muscles of her countenance as to look quite frightful. Just as the hulk of a footman approached her with the tray, one of these fits came on her, and she hap- pened to grin so that the fellow stood about a yard from her, looking quite aghast. With more freedom than good breed- ing, perhaps, she beckoned him closer, saying, "Come, my man, what are you looking at?" immediately following these words by a series of violent twists and tortures of the mouth, the nose, and the lower parts of the face. But this was too much for the fellow. He let tray, china, cakes, and all the rest of his load fall to the ground, and scrambled out of the room, apparently as much frightened as if he had seen an unearthly being. To bring a long story to a close. The man afterwards ad- mitted, thal he had been brought up all his life as a Stafford- shire coal heaver, but that when he was at the hulks, "an old lag, as knowed what them Colonies was," told him the best thing he could pipe for was, a gentleman's servant - as he said he would have but little to do, and plenty to eat, and that he had accordingly done so, when asked by the autho- rities here what trade he had been. He was afterwards em- ployed in felling trees, and such like drudgery, more suitable to his real former habits. Another friend of mine, who thought he had a regular ploughman, found, to his sorrow and disappointment, that the voyage had transformed a London chimney sweep into the former character, for the occasion, but the moment he saw a plough in the field, he admitted that he did not even know to which end the bullocks were to be made fast. Well, therefore, may it be said, that a man should be independent who comes to this Colony. SANDIE McGREGOR. LORD BYRON AND HIS PET BEAR. We perceive that our friend Moore has omitted some of the most whimsical of Lord Byron's juvenile pranks ; amongst them, one which we remember was much laughed at, and became a stock story with the "knights of the whip," and drew many a half-crown from " lots of gemmen vot likes to ride on coachee's left." It is well known that tbe young poet had a favourite bear ; they were remarkably partial to each other. One of his lordship's great delights was to en- glove and spar at Ursa, till the poet became tired and Ursa irritated ; for though generally a tame and docile quadruped, he was muzzled for fear of accidents. His lordship was suddenly called down to Nottinghamshire. He had taken places for "two gentlemen" in a northern mail, in the names of Byron and Bruin. 'Twas a dark November night - the friends arrived in Lombard-street in a hackney coach a litte before eight. The off-door of the mail, at his lordship's demand, was opened ; Byron placed his own travelling cap on Bruin's head, and pushed him into the "vehicle of letters," followed, and immediately made his squatt on the seat, looking as "demure as a Quaker in a brown upper Benjamin.'' They ocoupied the whole of the back, and it so happened that the two B's (Byron and Bruin) were the only passengers who started from the Post Office. At Islington they took in a third, a retired Cit - he was a quidnuno ! a Cockney, and tailor ! Old Snip's F's and W's in his short dialogue with the door-opening guard was quan. suff, for Byron - a pleasant companion for an edu- cated Peer, young, proud, and aplenetical. The bear's instinct pleased, but the Cockney's reason was amitical. Not a sound was heard within till ascending Highgate-hill. Alas ! what is sciatica or gout compared in the infliction of silence on an old garralous tailor? Snip took advantage of the hill - hemmed thrice, and broke silence with - Vell, Sir ; a bit of nice noose in this here morning's paper - vot d'ye think of them goings on of that there cowardly rascal Bonepart ?" A pre- tended snore, " loud and deep," was his Lordship's only re- ply to the Cockney quidnuno's attack on the "great soldier !"' Snip was dead beat by the snore - he turned with disgust from his supposed sleeping opponent, and cast a longing eye to- wards the quiet gentleman in the fur cap in t'other corner, and re-opened his " vomitory of vociferation" with -" Hem ! a nice bit of road this here, Sir, jest lo Vetstun - (no answer ! \- He's a deaf'un, perhaps ;" and in a louder key he recom- menced- " A very dark cold night this here, sir !" Like Brutus over Cæsar's body, snip paused for a reply, while the embryo Peer, to smother a laugh, was obliged to issue a tre- mendous snore, that almost alarmed his quiescent friend Bruin. The ear-hurt snip ceased of from his snoring Lord- ship towards the supposed deaf gentleman, and bent on con- versation, was determined to have an answer ; and, in defi- ance of Chesterfield, sought to find a breast button, but en- countered nothing but fur. " Ah ! Sir" bawled Snip, " this here's a werry nice varm travelling coat of your'n." Receiv- ing no reply but a growl and a snore, Snip, in despair, gave his tongue a holiday - and slept. Aurora's early beams had already peeped into the coach windows, when he awoke to unthought-of horrors ; for the first object which caught his sight was Bruin's head with muzzled mouth but glaring eyes, within three feet of his own boiled gooseberry gogles. " My \--------!" he exclaimed, " the deaf gentleman in the nice varm travelling coat is a real live bear ! - Help ! murder ! coach ! stop !" roused the slumbering guard. " Let me out !" shouted Snip - and out he went, and the poet and his pet left in full possession of the interior, while snip measured the seat of the box for the rest of the journey. THE BRIDAL DAY.- On Sunday forenoon, a man about 40 years of age, and many years in the employ- ment of a carver and gilder, in the neighborhood of Black- friars, was married to a young woman of his own rank in life. After the ceremony, the happy pair adjourned to the bridegroom's dwelling, attended by a few friends, to enjoy the luxuries of the marriage dinner, which in due time was laid on the table, unluckily some dispute arose between the newly married couple, which their mutual friends could not allay, and it was carried to a length that the bride- groom, attended by a friend, left the bride and her maids to finish the dinner, while they proceeded to Puddle-dock, near Blackfriars-bridge, about three o'clock, in order that the bridegroom might drown himself. With this intent he deli- berately pulled off his coat and hat, which he delivered to his friend, proceeded over a number of barges, and threw himself into the river. Fortunately there was a lighterman, named Bartlett, near the spot, who saw all this, and instantly proceeded to his assistance : with the aid of a long barge hook, he was enabled to bring the unhappy bridegroom on shore ; who, it is supposed, after a good ducking, changed his mind, as he very eagerly caught hold of the hook when stretched out towards him, and clung firmly to it till it brought him safe to land. He and his friend then proceeded home, to spend the afternoon with the bride and her maids. CHARLES X. QUITE AT HOME. - We have just received a letter from Hampshire, of which the following is an extract :—"I suppose you have seen by the papers that Charles X. has been at Cowes, and is now at Lulworth Castle, which is about five miles from hence. I understand that the X-King and his suite (consisting of eighty persons) have behaved very ill since they have been in England. Mr. Weld, the owner of Lulworth.-gave them permission to reside at Lulworth without intending to charge them any thing ; but they have abused his hospitality so shamefully, that in self- defence he will make them pay for it. They have misused and broken part of a very rare and costly set of china, which Mrs. Weld used only on particular occasions ; they have ap- propriated to their own use above twenty beautiful hams, over which Mrs. Weld was very choice ; they have turned the splendid drawing-room into bed-rooms, driving nails into the walls, and doing other damage without scruple ; and I think, and indeed every one here thinks, they will breed a famine in the land - for they eat four hundred eggs, and fifty pounds worth of fish, and eighty pound's weight of butter every day ; scores of fowls and rabbits ; veal beyond all weight and mea- sure, not forgetting beef, mutton, and venison ! What do you think of these specimens of royal appetite and non- chalance ?" - Manchester and Salford Advertiser. REVOLUTIONARY DUELS. - A hostile mes- sage was conveyed by Mr. Pl--k--tt from Mr. O'G. M-----, M.P., to Mr. B--r--tt, a learned contemporary of ours, in consequence of an article which appeared in the newspaper of which he is the proprietor, condemnatory of the M.P's con- duct at the great French meeting in Dublin. Mr. B., how- ever, declined meeting the honourable gentleman, alleging, as a sufficient excuse for his non-acceptance of the polite in- vitation, that one political man had a right to censure the political conduct of another, and the more particularly when that conduct was not in accordance with the feelings of the great body of the people - and that, under those circum- stances, he did not think it all necessary to fight. With this answer the messenger departed. The "affair," in the mean time, transpired, and came to the knowledge of the Magistrates of College-street division, who issued warrants for the apprehension of the honourable gentleman and his friend ; but up to a late hour last night they had not been found.—Dublin Paper. SUBTILTY OF MATTER. - The blood which flows in the veins of animals is not, as it seems, an uniformly red liquid, it consists of small red globules, floating in a transparent fluid called serum. In different species, their glo- bules differ both infigure and magnitude. In man, and all animals which suckle their young, they are perfectly round or spherical. In birds and fishes they are of an oblong and spheroidal form.In the human species, the diameter of the globules is about the 4000th of an inch. Hence it follows, that in a drop of blood,which would remain suspended from the point of a fine needle, there must be about a million of globules - Small as these globules are, the animal kingdom presents beings whose whole bodies are still more minute. Animalcules have been discovered, whose magnitude is such, that a million of them does not exceed the bulk of a grain of sand ; and yet each of these creatures is composed of mem- bers as curiously organized as those of the largest species ; they have life and spontaneous motion ; and are endued with sense and instinct. In the liquids in which they live, they are observed to move with astonishing speed rapidity ; nor are their motions blind and fortuitous, but evidently go- verned by choice, and directed to an end. They use food and drink, from which they derive nutrition, and are therefore furnished with a digestive apparatus. They have great mus- cular power, and are furnished with limbs and muscles of strength and flexibility. They are susceptible of the same appetites, and obnoxious to the same passions, the gratifica- tion of which is attended with the same results as in our spe- cies. - Lardner's Cabinet Cyclopædia. ESCAPE OF GROTIUS FROM PRISON.— Grotius was freely allowed, during his close imprisonment, all the relaxations of study. His friends supplied him with quantities of books, which were usually brought into the for- tress in a trunk two feet two inches long, which the Gover- nor regularly and carefully examined during the first year. But custom brought relaxation in the strictness of the pri- son rules ; and the wife of the illustrious prisoner, his faith- ful and constant visitor, proposed the plan of his escape to which he gave a ready and, all hazards considered, a cou- rageous assent. Shut up in his trunk for two hours, and with all the risk of suffocation, and of injury from the rude handling of the soldiers who carried it out of the fort, Grotius was brought clear off by the very agents of his persecution, and safely delivered to the care of his devoted and discreet female servant, who knew the secret, and kept it well. She attended the important consignment to barge to the town of Gordence ; and after various risks of discovery, providen- tially escaped. Grotius at length, found himself safe beyond the limits of his native land.—Cabinet Cyclopædia, History of the Netherlands. CHARLES X. - A gentleman who accom- panied the Lieutenant-Governor of Portsmouth on board of the ship in which the ex-King of France had arrived, ad- dressed him with the title of "Sire," but Charles, with an air of calmness and tranquillity, remarked that he no longer had any claim to be so addressed, and added, pointing to the Duke of Boardeaux, "This is now the King of France." - Poor Simpleton ! INTENSE LIGHT.- At a large meeting of Royal Institution, Mr. Ritchie. F.R.S. lecturer on natural philosophy, in describing a new photometic, states that the light from phosphorus burnt in oxygen, is equal in intensity to that afforded by thirty organ lamps, or 280 wax candles. FATAL DUEL. - In consequence of a mis- understanding between Captain L-------, and Ensign M------- of H.M. 49th Regt. stationed at Berhampore, a meeting took place a few days ago, when the former Officer received his antagonist's fire, The ball passinbg through his heart, Capt. L-------- fell dead upon the spot. We understand this affair arose out of some language applied by Capt. L--------- to Ensign M-------- which the deceased refused to retract. - Calcutta John Bull, Aug. 6. INCREASE AND MULTIPLY.—The Maccles- field. Courier states that an innkeeper residing within a hun- dred miles of the Bull's Head, Congleton, has been married 18 years and four months, and had 19 children ; a brother of his 19 years, and has had 19 children ; their sister has been married 20 years, and has had 20 children. The father and mother of the above had 23 children in 21 years and a half. MARCH OF INTELLECT.—The "rote system," in which charity children are educated, is admirably adapted for lads of obtuse intellect, as we will prove by an anecdote which occured at a certain evangelical school. They are examined and questioned in a particular order, and always standing in the same rank, have al;ways the same reply, whatever may be the question. Three of these brilliants, whom we shall call No.1, No.2, No. 3, were accustomed to reply to the question,"In whom do you believe?" Thus, No.1, "In God the Father." No.2. "In God the Son," and No.3, "In God the Holy Ghost." It so chanced, that by some accident No.2 placed himself after No. 3. The question was asked. "In whom do you believe?" No. 1. "In God the Father." No. 3, "In God the Holy Ghost." - What !" said the ex- aminer, you should say, "In God the Son." "No, Sir," retorted the matter-of-fact No. 3. "I believes in God the Holy Ghost - that ere boy (pointing to the misplaced No. 2.) believes in God the Son." "You are a bright particular star," said the examiner, "Pray, have you been confirmed ?" "No," was the instant rejoinder, "but I have been waccinated!" FISH TRAP. - We understand that a singular machine for taking fish has been in successful operation at Williamstown and one or two other places on the Roanoke, the present and past fishing season. It is constructed of two small float boats, a beam extending across them at the extre- mities, to which paddles are fixed, that are put in motion by the current of the river ; between the two flats a large net is at- tached to the beam, which constantly revolves, taking up all the fish that may attempt to pass ; in the net are placed two boards, running to a point in the following shape, A, against which the fish taken in the net strike and glide into one or other of the flats. thus requiring no attention further than merely anchoring the machine in the stream, and subsequently taking the fish out of the boats. - American paper. MARCH OF BARBARITY. - The grand display of ruffianism for the championship of England, excited an unu- sual sensation among the lower orders in Glasgow. A gentle- man who was present states, that from the head of the Gallow- gate to the Candleriggs, there was a greater crowd awaiting the arrival of the London mail and English coaches on Satur- day afternoon, than was seen at any of the most momentous periods during the time of the late war. The brawls that fol- lowed the intelligence respecting the result of the fight caused the apprehension of upwards of 200 persons, and led to the death of an unfortunute young man. Matters went off very differently in this city ; there was certainly a brawl or two in the Cowgate, in the usual way of a Saturday night's row, but on Monday morning there were only 29, the usual number of cases, in the police court. - Scotsman. EXTRAORDINARY PROPOSITION. - Hitherto. when we have seen a poor man deficient of a leg or an arm, we have felt compassion for his misfortunes, and extended our charity towards him, under the impression that the loss originated in fighting the battles of his country, or that he had been visited by some domestic affliction. But how should we able to dis- tinguish such honourable losses, if the suggestions of a writer in the Bury Post be adopted, who proposes to substitute for death, banishment, imprisonment, whipping, and fines, (as a means of lessening crime), the more humane punishment of al- lowing young and unskilful students, to practice for improve- ment in cutting off the legs of those convicted !! We leave it to our readers to determine what reward this gentleman, who signs himself "A Friend to Justice and Surgery," is entitled to for his invention. EMIGRATION. - The statementis not exagger- ated, that ten times the former annual numbers of persons have this season, embarked at the ports of Westport and Sligo for America, from the barony of Tyrawly. They generally con- sisted of the more comfortable, industrious, as well as the best conducted classes of the peasantry, and two-thirds of them at least were Protestants.- Bullina Impartial. The roll for the amount recovered from the county of Lancaster, for damages sustained by various manu- facturers and others, in consequence of the riots of the hand- loom weaver's during the spring of last year, has just been issued. It amounts to the sum of ten thousand one hundred and eighty-two pounds five shillings and sixpence. - Manchester Guardian. Cayenne Pepper is a dangerous condiment, as it is frequently adulterated with red oxide of lead, a poisonous additament. To discover the fraud, boil some of the suspect- ed pepper in vinegar, filter and add to it sulphate of ammonia, which will throw down a dark precipitate, indicating the pre- sence of lead, if there be any such adulteration. 