Law Reports SUPREME COURT— (CRIMINAL SIDE.) Friday 16.— Thomas Lucas, John Moylan, and Henry Knowles, were indicted for a highway, robbery on the person of Charles Martin, and stealing from his person some money, a knife, a hat, his property and five bags of sugar, the goods of Thomas Fibbett at Parramatta, on the 29th of June last. Guilty. Death. In Banco - Saturday 17th - today the three Judges sat to hear motions, few of which possessed any very great interest. Monday 19 — Before Mr. Justice Stephen and a Commission of officers. William Courtenay and Thomas rice were in- dicted for a burglary in the house of Industry at Parramatta. Guilty. Death Torspav 2--. — Barnett Carney and Samuel Glover were indicted for a highway robbery on the 2d of August last; on the person of James Wil- liam Hamilton, in stealing from his person 5s. in silver. This robbery was perpetrated under very atrocious circumstances. It appeared i hut on the day in question, the prosecutor, who was a steward on hoard his Majesty's shp Comet, was spendinhg a portion of his wages in Durand's Public House, George street, where he displayed a £10 note, and obtained change in presence of the prisoners, among others who were drinking there. Carney followed him out, and accompanied him to the end of George-street, near where the old naval office stands, when, while the prosecutor was look- ing out for a boat, Carney pushed him over the cliff, and Hamilton was precipitated a height of about 40 feet, on to the rocks beneath, when a hand was thrust into his pockets, and the money charged was stolen out ; but a person at no great distance away luckily observing the trick, called a boat, and the prosecutor was carried off terribly mangled, and in a state approaching insensibility from his fall. Verdict, Carney guilty. - Sentenced to suffer death. Glover not guilty. Civil side — Monday 19. — Before Mr. Jus- tice Dowling, and Messrs. Donnison and Ross, Assessors. GANNON V LOANE — This was an action brought to recover a balance of wages stated to be due to the plaintiff for work and labor done and per- formed. It appeared that the defendant, some time in the month of August 1830, contracted with the plaintiff for the sum of £5 1, to execute the carpenters' work of a cottage, to be built at Waterview, Balmaine Farm, according to a specific plan. Some deviations from that plan being af- terwards considered necessary, the defendant ad- vanced the plaintiff upwards of £30 from time to time, finding timber and other materials; but dur- ing his absence from Sydney, the plaintiff left the cottage without finishing the doors or windows, and defendant subsequently engaged two other carpenters, who finished the work, on which plaintiff claimed for the extra labor stated to have been caused by the deviations from the original plan. The Assessors found a verdict for the de- fendant. For the plaintiff, Messrs Moore and Foster; for the defendant, Mr. Norton. GANNON V RYAN.— This was an action of re- plevin, on a levy of the defendant for rent, which the plaintiff disputed his right to receive. Verdict referred. For the plaintiff, Messrs. Moore; for the defendant, Mr. Wentworth. LEVEY or LEWIN v. KELLY.—- This was an action of trespass for breaking into and entering the de- fendant's close, and illegally distraining and carry- ing away property therein. It appeared that plaintiff held a three years lease from the defen- dant, of a piece of ground of 20 acres, conditioned that the plaintiff would clear the ground, and build a habitable residence upon if, failing which, on the expiration of three years, plaintiff was to take three months notice to quit possession ; but the defendant's son wishing to get the plaintiff off the ground, gave notice at least a year beforehand at first, and a second notice in January last, pre- vious to the expiration of the lease, alleging that there was a failure of conditions, inasmuch as half a dozen logs yet remained on the ground un- cleared, and the hut was so frail, he could easily pull it down with a bullock, and on plaintiff fail- ing to comply, entered, levied, and sold under the distress. The learned Judge put it to the Assessors to say first, if the clearing conditions of the lease had not been fairly complied with, though half a dozen logs remained ou the ground and the habi- tation was none of the most substantial; and se- condly, if not, whether the notice was proper or otherwise. The Assessors found for the plaintiff, damages, £31 15. For the plaintiff, Messrs. Foster and Poole; for the defendant, Mr. Went- worth and Mr. Sheehy. Tuesday 20.— Before. Justice Dowling, and Messrs. Maclaren and Busby; Assessors. Shannon v Turner,— This was an action to re- cover damages for injury from, and to abate a nui- sance. It appeared that the defendant s premises in Goulburn street abut on those of the plaintiff, who complained that such was the nuisance occa- sioned to her by a night closet of the defendant's, that she was forced to quit and remove elsewhere. On the other hand, it was argued that the defen- dant's premises being elevated above the plaintiff's the nuisance was unavoidable, as removal to any other part of the ground would not abate it, in the absence of a common sewer ; besides not only was it necessary to prove plaintiff's title, but the damage occasioned by the nuisance should be spe- cially set out. The learned Judge put the case at considerable length to the Assessor, who returned a verdict for the plaintiff. For the plaintiff Messrs. Stephen aud Foster ; for the defendant, Dr. Wardell. Land Jobbing.— Mr Editor.— The Gazette, after all its rhodomantade about the General's not going, seems at length to be the first to sound. the Tocein of his certain departure, or in other words, to ring the knell— that sends his patron to Heaven or to H*ll (a H*ll upon earth) with Banquo's Ghost. Before the General depart from the shores of Australia, however, allow me to suggest,- he has it yet in his power to make something like retribu- tion for many previous errors, and in no way can he do that better than by legally disencumbering certain of our would-be lords of the soil, certain great "kings, and potentates,'' of the land, immense tracts of which they, have held for years under the specious plea of paying for them ; but which few of them now appear either to be able or willing to do. Let him then declare every acre of land forfeited [where the lessee of purchaser before had sufficient land in equitable proportion to his means— Ed.] that has not been paid for according to the condi- tions of the original sale and occupancy, wherever held, by persons having grants and land so pur- chased in addition — and giving the land so taken, by way of retribution, to all who arrived in the Co- lony, after such land was thus fictitiously purchased - according to priority of claim and application - distribute any residue among newly arrived emi- grants, or such as may arrive before all the per- fected land be given away, according to the date of arrival, and the priority of their claim for selection. This would be a means of recalling from ''far in the wilds remote from human view" the disap- pointed settlers, whose all, by the grasping, and I may now say, dishonest shuffling; of the purchasers, as well as the folly of the Government that granted or allowed such purchases, became ex- pended in an unproductive wilderness, with no means of communication with the markets ; while the lands he should have had to select from as matter of right, were allowed to be occupied for these seven years past by the McArthur ...., and that, the magistrates, as they would wish to be of Australia, who now feign they are not able to pay, nor have they paid for the land so bought and monopolised, to the great disadvan- rage of every new comer, and the country in gene- ral. The General would do well not to heed for one moment the nonsense of the meeting got up by the crafty King John or his confederates. He should not mind whether Colonel Dumaresq, Colonel or General Stewart, or any other Colonel or General, or Alexander McLeay the Colonial Se- cretary, or any other seeming adherent of his or of their's, may suffer by his heeding my suggestions. The supremacy of the McArthur faction has long been on the wane, and with a liberal ministry, it can never have a hearing again — therefore Gene- ral Darling has nothing to fear by behaving to him self and the public in a way useful to both. It is never too late to do good. PUBLIUS. 