AN ADVENTURE AT TOURTEMAIN. (From the Mirror.) " "What a singular fellow !" said the police-officer, as he dashed the tobacco dust from the bowl of his pipe. \- The master of the inn did not hesitate to coincide in the expression of his guest : " singular !" he repeated, " the little man is a living curiosity. His nose resembles a mountain-pine bleached by the frosty skies of winter, and his countenance, ma for ! it seems as hideous and spectral as a ghost of the Great St. Bernard." " Did he come from Dotriano by the vehicle which conveyed me through the dell at Bondi, land- lord?'' inquired n tall English traveller, who had just removed his comforter from his neck, and soothed the perturbation of his spirit in a cup of chocolate ; " did he come from Detriano 1" " DetrianoJ." exclaimed the host, " if he came from De triano, he has had music enough to enchant him for the period of his natural life. There has been a sanguinary contest between the brigands and police at Dotriano," This information excited the curiosity of the Englishman. He was a being of the most nervous and irritable temperament, and the innate fear which haunted his imagination since his arrival in Italy, only tended to increase it. He had looked with the deepest consternation on every tree that obstructed his path, and doubtless had deemed it a hero worthy of Mrs. Radcliffe's romances. As he thus laboured under an infliction of mental disquietude, the recital of the landlord evidently embodied his thoughts in the absorbing interest of the event, His countenance exhibited a portion of the terror which clung to his mind, and the police-officer, who possessed a humourous and volatile character, could scarcely control his Visibility as he marked the clouded aspect of the traveller. The unknown guest again made his appearance and having a justed the calibre of his ample black i locale, in which he had hitherto been enveloped, r ? " - resumed his seat between the polics-oraesr and Englishman, ' "A stormy evening, Signora" observed the; officer, easting a melancholy glance at the darkling landscape without. " True, my friend," replied the little man, adapt- ing his mouth to the expression of the phrase. A pause succeeded, in which the Englishman contrived to leave his throat with another cup of choco- late. " And you came from Detriano, Signor, the journey must have been singularly unpleasant. The Signor expanded his mouth into a brilliant grin, which broke like sunshine on a tombstone. " From Dotriano ! nay, I deemed it prudent to avoid a collision with brigands, and therefore passed the night at Sempione. This observation elucidated the went to which the landlord had previously alluded. The police officer lighted his pipe, and puffed away as vehemently as a Dutch Burgomaster ; the merry laugh' of the Signor, echoed like a demon's voice, and imparted evident marks of terror to a dozen portraits suspended on the wall ; the landlord smiled at the truth of the coincidence and the Englishman regarded his companion with the most equivocal marks of apprehension and dismay. 'Did the police sustain a defeat!" inquired the host. 9' The authority from which I adduced my information is problematical, but I am inclined to think that the brigands have been successful, and if my supposition should prove correct, they will surely come to Tourtomnin and demand a supper of you." The feelings of the landlord revolted at this asser- tion of his guest, and the Englishman displayed his characteristic fears to amore decided advantage. But the little corpulent Signor maintained his usual cheerfulness, and only replied to their timid expressions with a shout of laughter. Throwing aside his black cloak, he revealed an attire in which the same spectral colour predominated, and when the landlord requested the favour of his name, it seemed an obvious illustration of his exceptionable appearance. " My name," he replied, " is Joachimo Black." " And where were you born ?" inquired the of-' ficer. "Oh the borders of the Black Sea The imagination of the Englishman' was now crammed cutoff, hills. with fearful conjectures, and' in the Signor's withered cheeks/fiendish lBUgh, and unearthly attire, he deemed the indications of the evil spent sufficiently evident. The storm had scarcely-wept its' latest tears from the purple clouds that floated over heaven, are the silent travellers were interrupted by a discharge of musketry. At the same moment a band of horse- man' emerged from the woody solitudes that extended at the foot of the vale below and although they were enveloped in dark cloaks, their profession was instantly distinguished. " The brigands ! my sword I" ejaculated the police-officer. " The brigands ! heaven protect us !" exclaimed the Englishman and as the words' escaped from his lips, the laugh of Signor Black sounded in his ears like the warning voice of a demon. Two or three of the horsemen having secured their steeds, entered the inn, where the landlord silently bewailed the fate of his sequins ; but the adventure terminated like an Italian romance. The brigands addressed Signor Black with the most unmingled joy, and the little man appeared singularly delighted with the information he elicited from them. Their conversation at length terminated, and my host received a welcome from the Signor, which filled his bosom with an extraordinary degree of surprise and amazement. " I thank you, my friend, said he, " for the princely reception you have given to the Grand Diavolo and when I visit you again, I hope you will entertain me with equal liberality. The only circumstance which I regret, is, that I am unable to sup with such a courteous and agreeableness " This romance is worthy of Italy !" remarked the landlord, as the Signor waved an adieu from the vale below. " The Grand Diavolo! who would have thought it 1" and he concluded his observations with an exhilarating laugh. The police-officer returned his sword into its sheath, and the Englishman, relieved from the presence of his evil genius, again vouchsafed to bury his unpleasant recollections in chocolate. 