Select Poetry. GAVASTON ON DARTMOOR.» (From the New Monthly Magazine.) 'Twas a stern scene that lay beneath Tha oold grey light of Autumn dawn ; , Along the solitary Loath Hugo ghost-like .mists were drawn. Amid that wasto of loneliness, A small tarn, black as darkness, lay, Silent and still-you there would blesi The wild coots dabbling play. iBut not a sound rose there-no breeze Stirr'd tho dull wave or dusky sedge : Sharp is the eye the line that sees "Twixt moor and water's edge. v Yet on this spot of deaortness VA human shape was seen ; It seem'd to wear a peasant's dress, But not with peasant's mien. Now swift, now slow, tho figuro paw ti The margin of the moorland lake, .Yet ever turn'dit to the East, Where day began to wake : " Where lags the Witch f sho will'd rae wait Beside this more st daybreak hour, When mingling in the distance sate The forms of cloud and torr. .?*' She comes not vet-'tia a wild place s Sweeter, 1 ween, in kingly dais, To kiss the circling gold. . " Sweeter, in courtly dance, to tell Love-tales in lovely ears, Or hear high placed in royal sello, The crash of knightly spears. " What would thoy say,-who knew me then, Teacher of that gay school, "To see me, guest of savage mon, Beside this Dartmoor pool V "He sate him down upon a stone A block of granite damp and grey, . Still to the East his eye was thrown, Now colouring with the day. He saw the first chill dawn-light fade The crimson flush to OTango turn The orange take a deepor shade, As tints more golden burn. >-He saw tho^clouds all seam'd with light, The hills all ridged with fire ; ?"Ho saw the moor-fogs rifted bright. As breaking to retire. More near he saw tho down-rush shake »Its silvery beard in morning's air ; And clear, though ambor-tinged, the lak» Pictured its green reeds there. 'XT* stoop'd him by the water's side, And wash'd his feveiish brow ; -Thon gazed, as if with childish pride. Upon his face below. , But, while ho looks, behold him start- » His cheek is white as death ! "He cannot tear his eyes apart From what he sees beneath. It is the Witch of Sheepstor's face, That grows from out his own ! "SThe eye meets his-ho knows each trace And yet he sits alone. Scarce could he Taise his frighted eye To glimpse the neighbouring ground, 'When round the pool, white, donse, and high, A wreath of fog was wound. ?Next o'er the ware a shiver ran, Without a breath of wind ; -Then smooth it lay, though blank and wan, Within its fleecy blind., And o'er its face a single reed Without a hand to guide it moved "Who saw that slender rush, had need More nerve than lance e'er proved ! iLetters were form'd as ou it pass'd, Which still the lake retain'd ; And when the scroll was traced at last, The reed fell dead, the lines remain'd ! »On them the strangor's fix'd oyes cling, To pierce their heart of mystery : " 'Fear not, thou favourite of a King! That humbled head shall yet be high." \He scarce had read, a sudden breath Swept o'er the pool and rased the lines ; The fogs dispersed, and bright beneath The breezy water shakes aad shines. ;He looked around-hut none was near , The sunbeams slept on mo38 and moor ; .No living sound broke on his ear All looked as lonely as before. .What had he given that hour to see The meanest herdsman of the lull ! ?Tor, bright as seem'd the prophecy, . A shadow dimtn'd his spirit still. And well it might I-the wanderer there Had stood too near an English throne 'Had breath'd too long in princely air Ho was tho banish'd Gavaston ! Again he turn'd-again he grew To the boy-bosom of his King "Trod the proud halls his vain youth know, Heard woman's voice and minstrel's string. But double, was the story told By those dark words of evil power ; And not Plantagenet could hold The Fates back in their own strong hour. .Boside the block, his thoughts recall That sceno of mountain sorcery Too late !-for high on Warwick-wall, Jn one brief hour, his hoad must be ! Oh, how should evil deeds end well, Or .happy fates be told from hell t . The celebrated favourite of our Edward II 'During one of his banishments, it is said that he .was for a long time concealed in the' solitudes of Dartmoor. ' The scene of tho poem is from an early .ïecolloction of one in that romantio wilderness. 