great Item THE GOD OF ABRAHAM. 1 [OY JAMES MONTGOMERY.] THIS God of Abraham praise, ! , Who reigns enthroned above ; > > . Ancient of everlasting days, ," . And God of love ' of Jehovah, Great team X is a ' By -earth and heaven confused 4 I bow and bless the sacred name, is '.Foreverbloss'd. " , . The God of Abraham praise, , \- . At whose supreme command a , -From earth's rise and seek-the joys-. ' At his right hand : I ' hell on earth forsake, ,< , ' '.- ults wisdom, fame. and power, 'And Him my only portion make, My shield and tower. 4 x The God of Abraham Praise, 1 " 'Whose all-sufficient grace "shall guide me all my happy days, " 2 '"2 In all his ways : * * 'He'calls a worm his friend 1 He calls himself my God I , ' And He shall save me to the end, Through Jesus' blood. ' He by himself hath sworn ; I on his oath deposed I shall on eagle's wings up-borne To heaven ascend : 4 a shall behold his face, r I shall his power adore, , ,;,. And sing the wonders of his grace ii For evermore. ff^' 'TAUT SECOND. % , \ 1 >. Though nature's strength decay, And earth and hell withstand, , To Canaan's bounds I urge my way, . Athis command : . A The watery deep t pass, With With Jesus in my view ; And through the howling wilderness, " My way pursue'. "The goodly land's nee, 1 With peace and plenty blessed ; , Aland of sacred liberty, And endless rest ; "There milk and honey flow, And oil and wine abound ; And trees of life for ever grow, ' With mercy crowned. "There dwells the Lord our King, The Lord our righteousness. Triumphant o'er the world and sin, The Prince of Peace soon Sion's sacred height HIS kingdom still maintains And glorious, with his saints in light, For-over reigns. v ' '"he keeps his own secting, . He guardedly by his side, Arrays in garments white and pure, His spotless bride ;, 'With streams of-sacred bliss, With groves of living joys, With all the fruits of paradise, He still supplies. Before the Three in One, Tboy-ell exulting stand ; And tell the wonders he hath done, Through all, their land. ' TIJP listening spheres attend, And swell the growing fame, And sing, in songs which never end, The wondrous Name. PART THIRD. "The God who reigns on high. The great archangels sing, And ' Holy, Holy, Holy,' cry, . ' Almighty King ! Who was, and is the same, And evermore shall be .Jehovah-Father-Great I am ! We worship Thee.' Before the Saviour's face. The ransomed nations bow ; »O'erwheWd at his Almighty grace, For ever new : ' He shows his prints of love, They kindly to a finale, And sound through all the world above, The slaughtered Lamb. The whole triumphant host Give thanks to God on high ; "Hail, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, They ever cry ; Hail, Abraham's God and mine, I join the heavenly days All might and majesty are thine, And endless praise. JOHN O' GROAT'S House In the ' reign of James V. of Scotland, Malcolm Gavin, and John de Groat, supposed to have been brothers, originally from Holland, arrived in Caithness from the south of Scotland, bringing with them a letter written in Latin, by that Prince, recommending them, to the countenance and protection of his loving subjects in the county of Caithness ; they purchased, or get possession of the lands of Warso and Duncansby, living in the parish of Cnnisbay, on the east side of the Pentland Firth, and each other obtained an equal share of the property they acquired. In process of time their families increased,' and there came to be eight different proprietors of the name of Great, who possessed these lands among them. These eight families having lived peaceably and comfortably in their small possessions for a number of years, established an annual meeting to celebrate the anniversary of the arrival of their ancestors on that coast. In the course of their festivities, on one of these occasions, a question arose respecting the right of taking the door, and sitting at the head of the table, and such like points of precedency, each contending for the seniority \- and chieftainship of the clan, which increased to such a height as would probably have proved fatal in its consequences, had not John de Groat, who was proprietor of the ferry to Orkney, interposed ; he having acquired more knowledge of mankind, by his constant intercourse with strangers passing the Pentland Firth, saw the danger of such disputes and having had address enough to procure silence, he began with expatiating on the comfort and hap ' piness they had hitherto enjoyed, since their nm even in that remote corner, owing to the harmony which had subsisted among them. He assured them, that as soon as they appeared to split and quarrel among themselves, their neighbours, who 'till then, had treated them with respect, would fall upon them, take their property from them, and ex- pel them from the country. He, therefore, con- jured them by the ties of blood, and their mutual safety, to return quietly that night to their several homes, and pledged himself that he would satisfy them all with respect to precedency, and prevent the possibility of such disputes among them at their future anniversary meetings They all acquiesced, and departed in peace. In due time, John de Great, to fulfil his engagement, built a room distinct by itself, of an octagon shape, with eight doors and windows in it, and placed in the middle a table of oak of the same shape. When the next Anniversary meeting took place, he desired each of them to enter at his own door, End to sit at the head of the table. By this ingenious contrivance, any dispute in regard to rank was prevented, as they all found themselves on a footing of equality, and their former harmony and good humour were restored. \- In William Hunter's Memory is the following:-" When be invited his younger friends' to his table, they were seldom regaled with more than two dishes; when alone, he rarely sat down 4.0 more than one he would say, ' A man who can- not dine on this deserves to have returner !' After the meal, deserving (who was also the attendant on the anatomical theatre) used to band round a single glass of wine to each of his guests. These trip PS are mentioned as a trait of the old manner of your fessional life, and as a feature of the ram who devoted seventy thousand pounds to create a new team for the benefit of posterity," 