COLONIAL PRESS. I ve \--- i, nu .We have been requested to publish the to following extract from the Scotsman of the pu á?d September last. The editor is evident«-, da ly a man of no mean talents» but people is should.not reason and draw conclusions with ca . an imperfect knowledge of the circumstan- ' tri ! ces of which they treat, and it is curious to co 1 observe the deductions of even a man of na ¡sense like the present editor, from the one- b« sided information he appears to haveieeeiv-i to led of the late occurrences at Sydney. We, (w are averse to mix ourselves up in any way ( sa with the little, ephemeral, party disputations ni that from time to time must occur in all small communities, such as these remote co lonies are composed of, confining oui selves in our own journal and disquisitions lo sub- jects of moie permanent and general interest) and preferring for the most part to lay be- fore our readers an unadorned statement of i st facts, mid of the state and xicissitudes of the gi world at large from which they might draw | w their own deductions. Ii has often, indeed, stiuck us as a piece of no small impertinence in au editor, staling himself'we,' and who is at best but a humble individual, and by the judgment he has shewn in the selection of his occupation, neil her a very wise nor a wry prudent one,»o load his columns and burdett li-s readers with long accounts of his own opinions on subjects, of which those readers aie fully equal if not better qualified than himself to form a correct judgment. The editor of the Scotsman evidently draws his conclusions without having taken the trouble to make himself acquainted with or to consider his subject. Ile condemns General Darling and piaises Mr. Hall be can°e the latter has been convicted of six li bel* against the foi mer. But Geneial Dar- ling is a public man and the Governor of a colony, and the laws regulating the press of these colonies, as in England allow of the fullest latitude in discussing public mea- sures. It appears, however, Mr. Hail was not content with Ibis, and one of two things must be conceded to him, either that he wrote from private feeling and attacked the person, or that he bungled his duty and was unfit to conduct the business which he had chosen. For we cannot for one moment suppose, with the editor of the Scotsman, that seven commissioned officers would be found in any part of the King's dominions, being from their education and profession men of the strictest truth and honour, who would compromise themselves and declare him to be guilty whom their conscience told them was innocent. In saying this the edi tor of the Scotsman libels, and that grossly too, not seven officers, but every officer na ral and military in his Majesty's service. Was the verdict of the jury in these cases opposed to the opinion and the law as laid down by the judge, or is he also included in the general sweep? It is Ihe farthest from our intention, if we had the means.to enter into the question whether or not the government of General Darling be correct or not, butwe must say that from the tenor of Mr. Hall's writings, and tin! consequent proceedings on them, the impression left on the mind of an impartial reader must be favourable rather than otherwise, which seems also to be the case in the judgment of the Home Govern- ment. f No specie; of writing can in our opinion r be more unprofitable, than such as we have i occasionally seen in the Sydney Monitor, and although the comments of the Scotsman ure t evidently, in Ibis instance, conceived from y materials drawn from that source, we have no wish to keep our readers in the dark re- specting the lucubrations of a writer, merely n because lie is wrong or holds an opposite d opinion from ourselves. We would wish, if space would allow, to lay every species of information before our readers in order that h they might judge for themselves, and draw o their own conclusions. , But as we cannot t- print every thing, it shall be. our object, as i it has hitherto .been, .to print in ihe first in y stance what appears tous'mo?t interesting and useful, and most worthy of being read. The following is the extract from the Scots- man alluded lo : n " Wc pointed out some lime ago¡ the wai ïs which our colonial governments have been o waging against the press, at one and the ¿r same time, in the most opposite corners of ¿s the world, in Canada ami Australia. The c1 prosecutions brought against Mr. Hall, edi in tor of the Sydney Monitor, cannot be regar- le ded as legal efforts to punish an offence, but n- have all the characteristics of a cruel and it 'vindictive attempt to ruin an obnoxious iti- ti- dividual. Wilhiu eighteen months, this un- ie- fortunate journalist bus been subjected to b- ten different prosecutions, all at the instance of the government, and'most of them for li ây |iels oh the governor himself or some other lo ftiuctionaiy, on the ground of public acts! es The libels were tried according to the cus o- tom of the colony, by military juries formed to each of seven officers, named by the gover hc nor himself, and this too, in the cases where ist Ihe governor was the complaining party, in- Besides these six actions, Mr. Hall has been by prosecuted in four other cases, in which he pecuniary damages were sought. In two tis of them the government had been defeated ; .al and other two were still pending. We do not remember the precise offences in these prosecutions, but we think they consisted in such epithets as "cruel," "oppressive/' or "corrupt" to particular acts of public bmce'rs. Now in a country.which! has no egisluture, the press must be the organ of the public g lie vanees; and on Ibis ground, greater liberty of speech and writing should ie allowed in New South Wales than in england. Vet even in England, more in euiperate comments on the doings of public neu, are passed over every week. But in try country, prosecutions, not for over acts, jut for words spoken or printed, bespeak ! weakness or guilt on the part of the govern- ' au .meut. If the statement is true, and relates foi toa matter falling fairly within the range of th public discussion» the journal has merely ho , done its duty in printing it, and prosecution is wanton injustice. If it is false, authority can easily right itself by publishing the truth as it stands; and the journalist thus convicted of telling a gratuitous or malig- nant untruth, will be sufficiently punished by the loss of character. We admit, that i to publish what is partially or wholly false, , (we are putting a suppositions case) for the , sake of blackening the character of a public man, is very provoking to the person assailed, but law was not made to gratify vindictive feelingsj and so many advantages result from criticising the acts of public men fice ly, that those who take office should consi- der themselves bound to exercise fotbear ance. In general, these who feel themselves strong in rectitude are able to despise groundless censures; and the soreness which General Darling has displayed, is a proof^lo us that lhere has been something "very wrong in his proceedings. The stric- tures of the press irritated him, because he had fairly exposed himself to them ; and now it suits his humour belter to silence the censor which has anuuved him, than to amend his conduct ! "Some very recent facts have placed the hardship of Mr. Hall's case in a very sink- ing point of view. We must inform our lea ders, that party .conttovorsy raged strongly at Sydney ; and that the libels for which Mr. Hall wns prosecuted were in patt at least ictaliatious for attacks made on dimby the government journals, or were provoked by the harsh exercise of magisterial power at his expense. Now within these few months jury trial in its regular form having been in troduccd into New South Wales, Mr. Hall speedily availed himself of this engine to raise six actions against function- aries connected with the government, for il- legal acts dnue to his injury, or for defam- ing his character. In four of these actions verdicts were given in his favour; and one of the cases was still to be tried. In one of the cases the verdict was|for LlO, in the others for 40s., L25, and L£0 respectively, besides costs. The voice of the people, speaking by independent juries, has thus pronounced Mr. Hail an injin ed man-it has declared that he was illegally convicted by four magistrates, that his convict servant was unjustly taken from him by another magistrate ; and in two other cases that he was calumniated by the editor of the govern- ment journal." The late Mr. Huskisson was intended for the surgical profession. He went lo Paris for the purpose of medical study, and being lhere, a young man, at the breaking out of the revolution, he partook of the feivour of the day, and was, it is said, actually a mem- ber of the then Jacobin club, but without being much bitten by ihe revolutionary ma- nia, as the subsequent event proves. At this period the then Ambassador to France, Earl Gower, was in want of a clever young man to assist in his secretary's department, and the young surgical pupil, Mr. Huskis- son, was recommended to him for the pur- pose, which the latter readily assented to. This was about the close of 179*2. In January, I?93, the French King, Louis XVI. was beheaded, an event which led H the recal of the Ambassador, who, with his suite, including Mr. Huskisson, returned to England. Thus situated, Lord Gower, felt himself in duty bound to provide as far as possible for persons thus thrown unexpect- edly out of employment; and Mr. Huskis- son having shown a peculiar aptitude for bu- siness, was placed as a supernumerary clerk in the Treasury, under Sir Evan Nepean, from whence he rose, as has been staten, to the various official situations he subsequent- ly lived to fill. -Morning Herald. BUckwood's-The cock of the north no disparagement to the old Duke of Gor- don-crows as loud as ever, and is game to the tip of his feathers. The political articles are the present crisis, and France and Eng- land, with full allowance for party bias. These papers aie written in fine language and with sound sense. The passages from a physician's diary are no less talented than in last number. "The Moor's" is written in Christopher's own style, the secret of which is to say anything and every thing that can by possibility suggest itself-with- out much caring how ; we trod the heather and felt the breeze as we read this arti- cle.-ATLAS. " We live in a strange and ominous period for literature. In books as in other manu- factures the great aim seems the abridge- ment of labour : the idlest work is the most charming. People will only expend their time for immediate returns of knowledge; and the wholesome and fair profit, slow-but permanent, they call tedious in letters and speculative in politics. This eager yet sloth- ful habit of mind now so general, has brought into notice an emigrant and motley class of literature, formerly, in this country, little known and less honoured. We throw aside our profound researches, and feast upon po- pular abridgments; we forsake the old march through elaborate histories, fur ' a dip' into entertaining memoirs. In this our immediate bias in literature, if any class of writing has benefitted more than another in popularity .and .estimation, it is the Novel. Readers now look into fiction for facts, as Voltaire, in his witty philosophy, looked among facts for fiction."-Paul Clifford. The approach to Calcutta, denominated Garden Reach, in addition to its native beauties, is for some miles enlivened by the appearance of lovely gardens aud country seats; the largest ships passing within can non shot of ihe ramparts of Fort William, an irregular hexagon of considerable extent, and perhaps the cleanest and most heatiiifti fortress in Ihe world. A fine broad walk by the river's side lead« to the town, which, however, opening OR the sight before reach- ing Ihe fort, discovers a picture of grandeur not easily described, whilst every thing the « stranger meets with on landing differs ed widely from all he has been accustomed to in Europe, that he is lost in surprise ; a sur- prise not a little increased on finding that here no European uses his own legs, but that all ranks and ages must bend to the custom of the place.- Welsh's Rnninisences. " I once heard a sensible and intelligent friend in company, express himself convinced of the truth of a wonderful story told hitit by an intelligent and bold man, about an ap- parition. The scence lay in an ancient cas* Ile on the coast of Morven, or Ihe Lsle of Mull, where the ghost seer chanced to be resident. He was given to understand by the family, when betaking himself to rest; that the chamber in which he slept was oc- casionally disquieted by supernatural appear- ances. Being at that time no believer iii such stories, he attended little lo this hint until the witching hour of night, when he was awakened from a dead sleep by thtí pressure of a human hand on his bwly. He looked up al the figure of a tall Highlander in the« antique and pirtuiesque dress of his country, »inly thal his brows were bound with a bloody t>anda»e. Struck «¡Iii sud- den and extreme fear, he was billing to have' sprung from his bed, hut the spectre stood before him in the bright moonlight,rits one ann extended, so as to masler him if he at-' templed to rise; the other hand held up in a warning and grave posture, as menacing the Lowlandcr if he should attempt to quit his recumbent posture. Thus he lay in' mortal agony for more than an hour,'"after' which it pleased the spectre «if ancient days to leave bim to more sound repose, ÄO singular a story had on its side the usual number of voles from the company, till up- on cross examination, it was explained that" the principal person concerned was an ex- ciseman; aftrr which éclaircissement, the same explanation struck all present, viz, that the Hi »blunders of the mansion had chosen to detain the exciseman by the appa- rition of au ancient heroic ghost, in order to disguise from his vigilance the removal of' certain modern enough spirits, which his duty might have called upon him to seize. Here a single circumstance explained ihe' whole ghost stv.ry."-Scott's Demonology. WATER-PROOF SHOES.-Take one pint of boiled linseed oil, two ounces of yellow wax, one ounce of Burgundy pitch, two oun- ces of spirits of turpentine. Meit the ingré- dients well together over a slow fire, and ap- ply the composition to the shoes with an ordinary brush, repeating-the operation.asi often as the ointment will dry in the sun. This composition not only renders the shoes impervious to wet, but preserves and gives a tone to the leather, and enables it after- wards to take an exceedingly fine polish. from blacking. I would, therefore, recom- mend .its use, not only for strong shoes to gardeners, farmers and sportsmen, who arc, much exposed to wet, but for boots and 'shoes in general. The composition may be - kept in an earthen cup for a length of time, and laid hy for use as occasion requires.-. Gurdener's Magazine. ROQUEFORT CHEESE.-At a late meet- ing of tne Paris- Academy of Sciences, it was stated that this celebrated cheese owed its main excellence to the low temperature of the caves-in which it was manufactured. It : is entirely composed of the milk of ewes ; and it was added, that when the sheep had been milked in Ihe regular way, the teat was . forcibly struck with the hand, .which, with- out injuring the animal, increased the quan- tity of milk. The societies of Paris are called popular because they have adopted for the basis of their political discussions the principle of' the Sovereignty of the people. No. 1. The Lodge of the friends of truth A great number of ancient Carbonari are members of it. The subaltern officer Bories belonged to it. This lodge proposed the funeral ceremony in honour of the four inte- resting victims of the plot at La Rochelle. This lodge hardly retains a shadow of Ma- sonic forms. Many visiters are admitted at every sitting. Questions of general and spe cial politics are discussed in it. 2\. The Society Aide toi le ciel t'aidera— Is known all over France, and by its con- nections with the Electoral Committees in all the departments. It may be said to have made the late elections. It is more moderate than the other societies. 3\. The Central Constitutional Sooiety Founded by Protestants. Its politics are a mixture of republicanism and mysticism. 4\. The Society of the Three Days To be a member of which it is necessary to have been an actor and combatant on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of July. 5\. The St. Simonian Society An economical and religious sect, which preaches a kingdom of this world to the poor to consist in the abolition of the principle of inheritance, and the distribution of property, dignitaries and employments, according to the capacity of every one. This republic will be governed by a Pope and his wife; the former imbued willi the spirit of love and of labour ; the latter with the ex- pansive and prophetic spirit. 6\. The Society of the friends of the people. This is the most numerous, the mott ar- dent, and the most powerful, which has the greatest number of auditors at its sittings, and that which creates the most alarm by the rigour of its doctrines, and by the per- sonal connections of its principal members with several men in place. Printed and Published at the Hobart Toitm Courier Ojict, in Licerpool-street, by JAMES ROSS, ej Licirpool street, aforesaid. ' 