PRESS OR GAGGING ACT.. \- We:have already informed our readers, that thl,e Bill for, the repeal of the clauise of trans. portationin theColonial Press Act; of.January 1829, (passed at thie instance, or at all events under the 'sanction,,of the six score Guvern. ment chalkees, .eservees,jevs,' and gentiles, Wiho,lin an addressato' itheGeneeal smnoothed ;His Excelleiey's: wiay; by' condemning the Sydney press) -has 'been duly'' ibiiiated" and passed. ' In thei preamble to this repeal-in-part Act, is the followiug Jesuitical sentences-" And whereas, vilh a view of assimilating the law of England, as recently established by Act of Parliament on this subject, It is expedient to repeatso much of the said Act of the Gover'nor and Couticil" (meaning the Sydney gagging act of-January, 1829)'" as relates to the sen Qence of 'banishment for the second offence be it enacted," &c.; ,Whoever is in the habit of reading British history, always feels his indignation roused in perusing. the execrable treachltry and imopos. tures practised by English Rulers and States miie?fi6?bd limes. When in bad times lawn ,are passed, or patriots prosecuted professions of mercy, or justice, or regard for the public peace, or tender love for the King's subjects, .or the honour of religion, are always made Utse of in profusion; their use indeed is in tirlably in proportion to the iniquity of the 'deeds which such professions are intended to .coVer: :14!oW in. this, part-repeal Bill, thle Genera1, .worthy . mnan, professes to " initiate" It, 'gesrel.g to atsinilate his Act of January 1829. StO' the Enelish Act, "as recently established eby Act df:Parliamnant;" intending thereby to 'ins?nud)e,.?tl,' well to Lord Goderich, as to the |plgonltse of'New South Wales, that his Press . 4ct ofJ'anuary 1829,was pliredy " assimilated" o the Press Acts of England, as they existed in 1829.; .and that, consequently, so soon as he *lheard of an alteration of one of the English -Press Acts, he hisstened,' with the kindestafeel. aInge, to make'a similar alteration in his Act; Sand that all the other parts of the Bill of New South Wales being already " assimilated" to the Press Acts of England, needed no alters tton. \- Now the Governor well knowo, that his Act of January 1829, is very dissimilar to the Press \- Acts of England, in the most important points. The penalties (the sting of every penal act) 'Which are' prescribed in the General's Press ACt,. are all heavier in amount than thooe pre. scribed in the English Acts , some of them (il we recollect right) being four times heavier than the 'English penalties. In our personal defence in one of the numerous prosecutions? of Rex. v. Hall, we, in addressing the Jury, canvassed the General's act throughout, and also tlie four English Press Acts, comparing them with' each other, clause by clause, and proved:to the Jury distinctly, the greatest die. imlllaritybetween them h' the main points. The motive of tiheTeneral ii this affair no `doubt is .to induce Lord Goderlch to.believe, 1 that his Excellenev's ptrt-repeial act, leaves ith January '1829 Pies'- Bill entirely 'assimi. lated to. the. British Press acts.' ThIls-effect we shall now attempt to prevents and we pronounce the means which have been used. to accOthplish such an effect, to beworthiy'the trickery, which has marked the present ad ministration throughout. All the acts of General Darling (and.they are numerous) wbichviolate the Engliih law;" and espiecially the English common'law, will die.a natural death. His Press act, his AMa. gistrate's act, his impounding acti his- fencing act, ahd his Census act, will all laiighilidi and give up the ghost without a groan. - WVekndow of no Magistrate but who will take care never to remlember thlem s except it he one. Thrit one being a foreigner, and knowing, nothing of the beauty and excellency of Eng.. lish law; that Magistriate having received his judicial education under the Genieral; miy' continue to act under " the Code Darlng''," and the "'code M:urray ", (Genieral Sir George 'Murray we mean, wlio 'greed, that the General should add to the punislinent of libel, a species of outlawry and "perpqtual exclusion of the party. from all common pri vileges; thait so he might 'ble branded in socise ty for life) andl'fr want of 'knowing any. pther sort of law-tlian'the stitute law of Gon vernor Darlingi may continue - to afflict the King's subjects withlaw a la ' orsicua But this ipe:son may pissibly be recalled;or:he may resign ; or perchance' the -Colonists may pre. vail on the King's Ministers to give him a bertdh more suitable to his talents; at al eveilts, it will be hard for one single foieigner to hold out against the feeling and decisioni of'Englis Motgistrates; so that we may Yen ture to prognosticate, that the uneonstittui tional acts of General Darling will all :gradu ally become a dead letter., ' ' We would not h?ve -them? repealed. No., Not repealed... Let them byall means con. tinue intlie Colonial code, a memento, of ter rir, a'id a record of w?liat a despotic ruler, aided by a close Councilanud'' a' military.Se cretary of State, many, in' the 19th Centery, accomplish' towards the destrucfion":of public rights in a distant Colony. Tue 'LAND COaMMtrTTEs --The Members of the Committee :for prepiring ian Adidress to the'King oit the suliject of.the late Land Re. .'gila~ions, together with those 'Colonists who thiiibgl not Members' of'the Coinmittee, are preparing: fr 'the .Public Meeting in whiclh that Address is debated; are requested to look at the following statetment.,; It :onsis( s of. x. tracts frolna S#ydney, Gazette of date the Joste., unider llhe head of.a Goverpment Public Notice f G'raints of L'and, and'i wvhilih Notice stltes the' aimount of'li.it-rriints die on 'each granit to the Crowtn' at the titiie 'when dioe. T''hese' quit retits ai"e r 'gulated.ivwe'st.tp'ieb, in their ansotsnt,'by the' mere will 'of the Gover. Snor, that is to sav, in " his Excellency's plea. sure .;" for we finil General Darling's iriends and favourites put duiivn at lota quit rents due Ssone.timne hence, while .his foes are fixed at high qnit=rents' due immediately, or what is wvhrse, for so'ne period 'back, so as to bring the grunteein arrears! But siow for the JiX'IRACT. ' . Alexiindc aiC'Leny (Co lotiti Secretary) S5 acres, Elizabeth Baiy;conUiguous to Sydney, qutit-rent" prrli annan, on the whole 54 acres (worth £200, an a £se) .2 14s, Commnen cing the Ist J.an. 18351 that is to say four years hence. Thos. Macquold (She. rif), four ncres oneo rood twety-Your perches, quiit rent per annum on ,the whole; 4s. 6d. ; commen cing' the: 1st Jan. 1138 .that Is to say seven yeats ?ence. FOES. John Mackaness Esq. late' Sheriff; one acre two roods and twenr t~,eight perches, rqlit rent.5 14s.per annum, cnmmencing the 1i t Ju 13, 1823, thnts 1to say eigat i/ears ago. (N. B. The person of whom Mr. M. biought this land held it for 17 yearsand waS entitled to a 'free grant.) John Mackaness, one acre onerood and thir ty-four perches,: quit rent to commence the Ist July, 1823, that is 'to say,'eight years ago ! We hope somegentleman who !has leisure9, will exiamine a series of the Sydne'y Gazelesi,; ane make a numnerous set" of coinparisons of of this 'description. The treatment between friends and foes, would we think be found on a comparison of the whole singularly edifying. BENaVOLENT SocIETY.-The Gazette' ha' confirmed our' strictures on the late inm proper attempt of the managing Commnitteei to be put in possession of ', a vigour beyond the law," for the government of the Poor A?ylunms, by acknowledging, ": . 1st. That the offencce committed by the aged peevish creatures, are too trifliig, to be complained of to the Magistrates in open Court. 2ndly. That the Committee already put in force two kinds of punishment, namely, first, depriving the old women of their tea and .the old men of their tobacco; and secondly, confining them within tie precincts of the Asylum, while their fellow paupers are al lowed to visit their friends in the Town. .1Th,.se admissions we consider' a triumphant justification of our strictures in our last num bher. The Editor calls the sittings of the sought after inquisition an open Court . The. Police Otice IS an open. Court ; The private chamber of the Asylum would ba de facto,. a secret conclave of Spanish like inquilsltis. 