FROM BERNAU D'S RETROSPEC- TIONS OF THE STA GE. * Theatrical Humour.-Two of the \- most amusing volumes that have lately issued from , Mr. Colburn's prolific press, aro the late John Ber- nard's Ren otpeclions of the Stage. The author was .Manager of the American Theatres, and formerly Secretary to the Beefsteak Club, and could boast ,r of six years' acquaintance with theatricals in Eng ;, land, Ireland, and America. r Among real and mimic life, he must have seen, "heard, and said, hundreds of volumes: indeed, the ? preface states the MSS. whieh he left on his death Were " too voluminous for publication." His son £}ias accordingly " picked"and " new vanned" these \Retrospections, and has thus produced the best col- lection of theatrical anecdotes that we have seen since Michael' Kelly's volume-the forerunners of many dull autobiographies. We take a batch fiom ?-the first volume : Humours of a free night. - The .' first house that opened for the season was Crawford's \- (at Dublin) ; and he was obliged to commence with a " fiee night," by virtue of his patent. (The house was, of course, crammed in a íevr minutes.) ' The-play was " Douglas ;" and on this occasion all the principals of the theatre were exempted from duty, ond the characters were allotted to understrap- pers. That of Glenalvon fell into the hands of a little black-browed, bandy-legged fellow, by the name of Barrett, well known throughout Dublin for his private particularities, and possessing at all times a great circle of acquaintance in Mount Olympus. The Irish people have great sympathy and enthu- siasm ; and notwithstanding their personal incon- venience, and the caricature daubings of the beauties of Home (the actors appearing to be all abroad when they were at home) then and there exhibited, they saw and heard the whole with profound attention. Barret's entrance was the signal for an uproar; but it was of a permissible order. He was dressed in an entire suit of black, with a black wig, and a black velvet hat crowned with qn immense plume of block feathers, which bending before him, gave him rery rínucli the aspect of a mourning coach horse. Barret had some vanity and some judgment ; be was fond of applause, and determined (to use his own phrase) to have a belly-full. He accordingly came on left hand upper-entrance, and cutting the boards ata right angle, 'paced down to the stage-door right hand, 'then wheeled sharp upon his heel, and -marched over to the opposite side ; his arms stuck a-kimbo.Jiis robe iying, and his feathers nodding, in pretty accurate burlesque of the manner of Mos- cow. His friends composing a major portion of the audience, the clapping of hands, waving of hand- kerchiefs, and yelling of lips that greeted him, 1, having no powers of expression to describe, must leave to my reader's " powers of conception." 'When the tumult had a little subsided, Barret began to act ; but some of his more intimate acquaintance, taking a dislike to his costume, interrupted him with exclamations of " Paddy Barret, Paddy Barret!" Barret, however, was conscious of the proprieties of his station, and, turning a dignified deaf ear to such addresses, proceeded. His friends now resorted to a species of notice to obtain his, which is beautifully peculiar to an Irish audience-" a groan for Mr. Barret." That happened, however, not to be the first time he had heard it; and as we pay little res pect to things we are familiar with, Barret proceeded. The " darlings" were now stimulated to a decisive measure, by aiming an Irish apricot at his nodding plume, and shouting out, " Divil burn ye, Paddy Barrett ! will ye lave off spaking to that lady, and listen ?" The potatoe triumphed; and the actor, walking forward to the lamps, desired to be ac- quainted with his patrons' wishes_" Put some powder in your jasey, you black-looking coal haver '"- " Oh ! is that all you want, my jewel? why didn't you say so before? Put some powder in my wig ! surely I'll do that thing ; but I have ounly to tell you, my darlings, that I'm a Scotch jontleman to night, and not Mr. Benjamin Barret ; and so——" " Get out wid your dirtiness, Paddy—you chimney- swaper—you tragedy crow ! Do you "think to bother us wid your black looks ? Go and powder your jasey, you divil's own body-box- maker."*—Oh to be sure, I'll do that thing." Saying which, he made a low bow, and retreated to 'the green-room, leaving the audience and Lord and Lady Randolph to amuse themselves ad interim as they pleased. ..Barret, on this occasion, wore n süffiy-starohed lady's ruff; and tho waggish barber powdered him so "sufficiently as to lodge a ridge round, his thiont, and give lum tho face of tho ghost of Hamlet's father. When he returned to the stage, he was received with a shout of loughter that Lthreolenod to rond the roof. Paddy bowed full low for the honour conferred on bim, and was about to proceed, when the " Norman Quoy" critics were at him again. " Arxsh ! the boy's been in a snow storm. By the poworsl he has put his head >n a flour-snek! Paddy, Paddy Barret I" Glenavon disregarded thom sometime with n very laudable spirit of contempt, till the yells, groans, epithets, and exclamations, swelled the diabolic cliorus tp a negation of the sense of hearing. He then came forward a second time to inquire their wishes. -" Leedies and Jontlemen, what may it pluse ye to want now 1"-Put somo " point on your nose," was the reply.-'* What !"-" Put some point on your nose, you ghost alive 1"-" Paint my nose to play tragedy 1 Oh, bad luck to your taste : I tell you what, Terence M'Mulligan, and you Larry Casey, with -your two ugly mugs up in the boxes yonder, I see how it is : the Divil himself wouldn't plase ye to-night ; so you may just come down, and play the karakter yourselves—for the ghost of another line will I never spake to-night."-Saying which he took off his wig, and shaking its powder at them contemptuously, walked off the stage in a 'truly tragical strut. The prompter was consequently obliged to come on and read the remainder of the part. A Long Meal.-About lialf-way be- tween the towns of Chnrd and Topnton was an inn, c I where I purposed to stop and refresh myself. A 1 short distance before T reached it, I passed a pen» tleman, on foot, of a very comfortable and clerical appearance: he was dressed in black, with a broad brimmed that and n silver-headed cane. Having honoured my person with a particular scrutiny os he passed, he halted at n little distance to look back at me.' 'This notice, and a tolerably empty stomach, ¡induced me lo indulge in various pleasing specula, tions as respected his choraoter and motives. Ile is theparspn of the parish, thought I, and, inte- rested by my young and hungry appearance, he feels half inclined to askroe tohis house, and satisfy my wants. Fanoy needed but little stimulus to carry me to tlie worthy man's table, and conjure up thp apparatus of a Gastronomic performance. The sudden disappearance of their object, however, dis sipa'ed my day-dream ; and pushing on to the inn, I entered the public room, and ran»* a bond-bell My first summons was not attended to ; at my second, the door was slightly opened, and a red, round, full-moon sort of oountenanco intrudod, with a mouth like n Lorison, dividing the head into upper and lower hemispheres, and tresses sufficiently golden, to have procured the owner from a poet tho name of " Apollo." # , " Landlord," said I, " I have had 'a lonp walk- end want something to eat." The sounds had scarcely passed my lips before tho rustic's jaws, opening like the gates of nsubter renean abyss, sent forth a roar of laughter. Naturally surprised at such an answer, I requested an expla- nation : but his wife coming up at that instant (a small, unsymmeliicnl bundle of fat), he repeated vny words to her, and they instantly got up a duet to the same tune, laughing till they were tired of standing, and then sat down to prolong their merri- ment. Mortified and indignant at what I could only interpret as a piece of bumpkin impertinence, I snatohed up my hat, and was about to leave the house, when the landlord recovered his bieath, and beggedto explain himself. It appeared that, about half an hour previously, -« parson-leoking gentleman, os he described bim (who corresponded with the person I had passed on the road), had come into his parlour, and protending that it was too early,fo dine, yet too long to wait for dinner, inquired what would be the chaTge fora slight snack of cold moat and bread. The honost farmer, wishing to be moderate, as well as to culp tivate his custom, replied, " Sixpence," and that he had pot in the house a cold round of beef. " Very well,", exclaimed the parson-looking gentleman, " bring it in, and with ita pint of youtbest ale." The mpat was hrought, his customer sat down to it, and giving his knife a good edge, took the entire circuit of the beef, in a slice which must have weighed a pound. The farmer started at this, in the conviction that he should get but small profit from his sixpence. The gastronome was not long in putting this slice away, and its duplicate layer was taken fiom the round. The farmer was petrified. Tin's was a shilling's worth of beef at the lowest reckoning. He contented himself, however, with the reflection, " that a bargain is a bargain," and perhaps the gentleman would be bis customer ano- ther time. With the stillness and stiffness of a statue, he now regarded tbe clerical cormorant con- voy into his mouth, bit by bit, every vestige of the second pound. He now expected him to rise, when, Io ! the fatal weapon was again laid to the beef, and his unappeasable customer exclaimed, " Landlord, now bring me 1he ale-I always drink when I have half done !" At these words, and their accompanying illustrative gesture, the farmer's delicacy wes overwhelmed by his interest ; he sprang ton ards the table, seized the dish, and reite- rating tho words, half done, noa, dem it, measfer," said he, " if thee have any more of this dish for thy little sixpence ; do thee get along, or I'll zet Towzer at thee. I don't want thv money, but only do thee moind, never to gome here ngin for a zixpenny mack !" The gentleman in black, it appeared, very indig- nantly took up his hat and departed ; and on my entering the room shortly after, and making a similar request, namely, that having como along walk, I wanted something to eat, it was very pardonable that the good-humoured host should have indulged in his merriment. I could not now restrain my res- ponse to it, and we all loughed together. Holcroft. - Ilolcroft, the author, once applied to a country manager for an engage- ment, embracing evory good part of the costbook, from Alexander the Great down to Scrub. Strange as it mav appear, this letter was so deficient in orthography nnd etymology, that the manager sent back the brief reply, that " he would treat with no person to become "a member of his company who could neither read nor write!"-As Mr. Holcroft has left bohind him works which attest his powers not only as a man of genius, hut a critic, it is by no means an absurd conjecture to attribute to the very letter in question some portion of the stimulus which was necessary to have drawn those powers forth. Weeks and his " Woe."-An old gentleman in the company by ihe name of Weeks, who played the Friar in Romeo, and Ju'iet (and whose body seemed to resemble a Norwegian deal, never fit for use fill it had had a good soaking), on arriving at the concluding speech, which, as it con- tained a moral, was never omitted in the country, " From such and feuds what dire msfortunes flow," espied a carpenter behind the scenes, very cautiously, but decidedly, approaching a tankard of ale, with which he had been solacing himself during the evening, in order, as he used to say, ' to get mellow in tho character." The tankard was placed in a convenient niche, with a good draught at its bottom ; and whenever he was on, his eye would glance off, to watch over its safety. Being a little tipsied he w as somewhat stupified at tho treacheiy of the varlet ; and fixing his eyes, cat-a-mountam like, on lum, momentarily forgot his audience in himself, who in- terpreting this as a piece of deep acting, began to applaud. The carpenter was now within a step of the tankard, and Weeks slowly articulated " Whate'er the cause (Hore the fellow raised his hand) *' the sure effect is-" Tho knight of the hammer had clenched the pewter Weeks at the same instant staggered off, wrenching the jeopardized liquid fiom his grasp,-the friar tucked it under his arm, and popping his head on at ihe wing, with a significant nod, shouted the last word, "woe!" at wh ch the curtain fell, amidst a roar of laughter-a teiinination very rare'y con- templated to the " Tragedy of Tragedies." a. e. Undertaker. Correct Reading. -. The «tage struck' son of a neighbouring farmor Who had lately I joinod the company, and received for his services permission to put on stage clothes, was entrusted (through necessity) with tho part of Catesby, in " Jane Shoro j" and at tho scono whore ho suddenly ! nppcais to arrest the unfortunate woman and her | friend, insfoad of saying, " Seizo on them both as tiaitors to tho stato!" ho turned the last «ords into " stogo," at which tho solitory ocoupont of our j boxes responded in a vory audible tone, " Bravo ! that's tho boat reading 1 have hoard to-night!" Barber's Pole. - King, who had boon brought up a bather, and on his theatrical success, not only disowned his early occupation, hui was keenly sensitive of any illusions to it. In playing a paiticular character one evening, which required a stiok, King mislaid his own, and seized another, at tho wings, which wos too large and clumsy. Garrick met him as he was going on, and ohsorvod it.-'« Eh, oh, Tom, what's that? that won't do-cudgel, Iiish shillelah ;-you're a man in high life-ought to have a gold-headed cane. King was conscious of its impropriety, i and Garrick's observation nettled him ; ho thora- | fore answered ralbar testily, that *« he had lost his own, and must use that, or go without ono." -" Curse it, Tom !"said the manager, " the people will say you're going back to your old business, and have brought your 7)0/« with you." The allusion was sufficient-King threw down the stick, and ran about for another. Irish Calculation.-Bob Bowles' landlady was what was termed a .*' general dealer," and, among other things, sold bread and whisky. A customer entering her shop, inquired if she had any thing to eat and drink. «« To be Bure," she re- plied ; «' I have got a thimbleful of the croture, my darling, that comos only to two-pence ; and this 'big little loaf you may have for the some money 1" Both twopence 1"-" Both the samo, na I'm a Christian woman, and worth double the sum."-" Fill me the whisky, if you piase." She did so, and ho drank it; then rejoined-" It comes to twoponce, my jewel; I'm not hungry, take back the loaf," tendering it.-" Yes, boney, but what pays for the whisky V-»Why the loaf, to bo sure!"-" But you have'ntpaid fortheloaf?"-Why, you wouldn't haye a man pay for a thing he hasn't eat ?" A friend S"in6'M was called in by the landlady to decide this difficulty, who gave it against her ; and from some deficiency in her powers of colculation, she permitted'the logue to escape. Mrs. Inchbald, was a pretty hut Dot clever women, with an impediment in her speech, which stage fright always took away. This was a curious effect to observe "behind the s'cenes. 