EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. OPENING MEASURES OF THE NEW SESSIONS OF' PAR- LIAMBNT. - Parliament met on Thursday, for the first time after its adjournment ; and, notwithstanding the brief period that has elapsed, the peculiar circumstances under which it assembled, and the great anxiety excited in the public mind as to the course which would be pursued by the new adminis- tration, have given to its proceedings an extraordinary degree of interest. On the first night enough transpired to indicate that the Session would be one of no common activity. The Lord Chancellor gave notice of his intention to introduce a Bill for amending the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery, and for the better Administration of the Estates and Effects of Bankrupts. Those who have had the misfor- tune to become experimentally acquainted with these questions, will best appreciate the value of the proposed amendment. In the meantime, before the details of Lord Brougham's remedial measure transpire, we may be allowed to observe that never was one more imperatively called for. The Court of Chancery is notoriously a tribunal inflicting upon those whose hapless doom it is to enter it, moral and mental suffering to as great an extent as physical torture was carried by the Holy Inquisi- tion. And, as to the Bankrupt and Insolvent laws in their present state, instead of relieving the unfortunate, which was the professed object of their enactment, their principal use is to encourage the perpetration of every species of fraud with impunity. Do we not daily see persons who have gone through the purifying process necessary to enable them to re- sume the pursuit of' their course of dishonesty, triumphantly boast of their wealth and shake their purses before the face of their deluded, perhaps ruined, creditor ; and who, in some instances, without a shilling of their just debts paid, have the shameless effrontery to taunt or sneer at the honourable pover- ty of men who would not stoop to the character of sharpers and swindlers ? On the presentation by Lord Darnley of a petition relative to the state of Ireland, Lord Melbourne took the opportunity of stating to the House the plans which Go- vernment intend adopting for the improvement of that wretched country. We strongly suspect that the band of agitators, with the arch incendiary at their head, will gnash their teeth with rage at finding the new Ministers so much in earnest in their resolutions to redress the real grievances of Ireland - that they are likely to compel the self-styled patriots, who are so anxious to create bloodshed among its misguided popu- lation, to "sheath their swords for lack of argument." The abuses of Grand Jury assessments are to be effectually abol- ished ; the Vestry Act will be repealed, and another Bill, on equitable principles, passed in its stead ; and those parts of the Subletting Act which have been made the medium of op- pression and injustice to the unfortunate peasantry, will be entirely done away with. It is likewise in contemplation to pass a law which will have the effect of obliging the Irish landowners to maintain their own poor, instead of quartering them, as has hitherto been the case, upon England for sub- sistence, to the manifest injury of the population of both countries. Employment is to be provided for the destitute poor on works ol acknowledged utility ; and the expense of these works, including the wages of the labourers, is to be defrayed by taxes levied on the proprietors of neighbouring estates. On the subject of Reform the declarations of Minis- ters were such as will, we hope, conciliate the support of all real well wishers to the cause, even should the plan not meet their views or wishes to the full extent. The Premier stated in the House of Lords that his Majesty's Ministers had, with the unanimous assent and concurrence of the whole Government, framed a measure which, without transgressing the limits of " a well-advised moderation," would, he trusted, give satis- faction to the country. In the House of Commons, the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated, that Lord John Russell would bring forward the proposed plan of Reform on the 1st March. With certain recollections of matters connected with Select Vestries still fresh in our minds, we cannot exactly concur with Lord Althorpe as to the peculiar fitness of the individual selected to introduce this important subject to the notice of Parliament ; but, looking to the high character which his Lordship so justly bears for veracity and integrity, we feel much gratified by his assertion that the measure to be brought forward will not be of a partial character, but one of "full and efficient reform." We were sorry to find Mr. Hunt expres- sing his conviction - in which we fully participate - of the necessity of the ballot, in a manner which almost justifies an expectation that any plan of reform from which that feature is excluded will meet with his opposition. We trust the Hon. Member for Preston will, upon more calmly revising his opi- nions, see the propriety of refraining from so injudicious and mischievous a course. Such an opposition can contribute nothing towards the attainment of the object which Mr. Hunt, in common with all zealous reformers, desires ; on the contra- rary, it will place it further out of our reach than ever. Under the peculiar circumstances of his election, he will naturally be considered as speaking the sentiments of the majority of the people, and it therefore the more behoves him not to give his vote inconsiderately or injuriously upon a question of such magnitude. We do hope that he will not descend to O'Con- nellize, and mar, by intemperate and unreasonable demands, the sincere dispositions which Ministers appear to entertain of accomplishing all that they, and perhaps justly, deem im- mediately practicable. So powerful and so numerous are the enemies of reform, and so active has been their intriguing, that Mr. Peel is confidently stated to have received promises from no less than two hundred and sixty Members to support him in opposing it. And if this formidablc phalanx be further strengthened hy divisions among the advocates of the popular cause - if the plans of Ministers are to be defeated by an un- natural union between ultra Tories and ultra Radicals - a re- turn to the curse of a Wellington Government and its certain consequence, and revolution in this country, will be the infallible result. On Friday night the memorable subject of the Civil List the former discussion which led to the ousting of the late Cabinet, was brought forward. It is but justice to say, that on this head Miuisters have done much to gain the confidence of the people. They have freed this charge upon the public from the studied mystery in which it had been enveloped, and the real expenses of the Sovereign will no longer be confounded with those arising from the provision made for the host of paupers quartered upon public charity. Lord Althorpe proposes to divide the Civil List into five classes : \- 1st, The Privy Purse, and the allowance to her Majesty. 2d. The Service of the Household. 3d. The expenses of the Household. 4th. The sums appropriated for the Royal Bounties. And, 5th. The Pensions. For the first class, the charge is £110,100 ; for the second £130,300 ; for the third, £171,500 ; for the fourth, £234,000 ; and for the fifth, £75,000. One communication made by his Lordship was received with loud and reiterated cheers from all parts of the House. Hitherto it had always been customary to grant a large sum for the outfit of the Queen. On the marriage of King George III,, £54,000 was granted to the Queen for her jewels, besides the outfit, and it was in con- templation of the Duke of Wellington to propose an outfit for her present Majesty ; but the King, in conformity with that character and conduct which have so deservedly rendered him the object of his people's devoted attachment, has refused to accept it. The reduction in the item of pensions is near- ly one half, but we regret that it is not present, but pros- pective, and will not take place till those whose pensions it is intended to retrench die off. The view Lord Althorpe takes of this subject is best given in his own words. " It is certainly true," said his Lordship, " and no man is more ready to assert it than I am, that many of the Pensions on the List are such as ought never to have been granted ; but, after the best examination I have been able to give the subject. I am able to say, that the majority are merely and purely pensions of charity. I willingly admit that we have the legal right to put an end to all those pensions ; they expire, by law, with the demise of the Crown, and it has no right to renew them. But though we may have a legal right, I doubt if we have an equitable right to abolish them ; because they were undoubtedly always granted on the supposition that the party receiving them obtained them for life." We suspect that the many thousands of our countrymen who are starving upon six or seven shillings a week, will hardly understand these " pure pensions of charity," granted in some cases to persons, each of whom, independently of these charitable gratuities, enjoys as much as would well support three hundred poor families ! To us the Chancellor of the Exchequer's reasoning appears altogether unsatisfactory and inconclusive. Mr. Hunt certainly treated the subject in a manner far more in accordance with our sentiments. " Parliament," he ob- served, "had been told that all of those Pensions legally ex- pired at the demise of the Crown. Why, then, he would ask, not abolish the whole Pension List, allow the King to grant all the pensions anew to such only as deserved them ? There was not a petition presented to that House which toncbed upon the subject of the public distress, or the finan- cial difficulties of the country, without calling far a reduction of the Pension List. It was the unanimous demand of the people, that all Pensions be abolished except those which had been merited by acknowledged public services." We suspect, however, that Lord Althorpe's expressed reasons for making no present inroad upon the Pension List were not his real ones. He probably feared an experiment which would excite an hostility that might prove fatal to plans of reform and retrenchment more extensive and important ; for it would not have been so much the actual amount saved, as the worthlessness of the majority of the receivers that would have rendered the cutting down of the Pension List a source of gratification to the public. It is therefore possible that his Lordship may have acted discreetly in this forbearance ; and when we recollect that, instead of placing £970,000 per annum out of the control of Parliament, as proposed by the late Chancellor of the Exchequer, is now limited to £510,000 we will not bear too hard upon a single measure of omission. One thing, however, it is in the power of the reformers to do, at a very trifling expense. Let them print the Pension List, simply specifying the names of the Pensioners, with the amount and date of their grants, and distinguishing by a star all who are not known to have earned by any public service the bounty which they have the paltry meanness to accept ; and let copies of this list be generally circulated, that such persons may he recognised in the places where they reside in their proper character of paupers and medicants. We are not so absurd as to imagine that this expedient will have the effect of infusing any thing like shame into these proud and pampered objects of "pure charity," - to use Lord Althorpe's apology for them - but it may have its use in enabling their more respectable countrymen, such as tradesman, farmers, mechanics, servants, and other useful and honest members of the community to form a just idea of the extent of aristo- cratic shamelessness. - Weekly Dispatch, Feb. 6. By accounts from Dublin we find that the Marquis of Anglesea's administration has commenced vigorously. He arrived on Thursday. Friday and Christmas-day were occupied in consulting with the Law Officers as to the course to be adopted with regard to the threatened meeting of trades, convened for tomorrow, to present an address to the " Liberator ;" and the result has been the proclamation which I herewith forward. I have just taken a walk through various parts of the city, and have observed a great many copies posted in the neighbourhood of the various Roman Catholic chapels, with crowds of people perusing them. They appear to be much exasperated ; and I heard several swear that they would pay no obedience to the proclamation, and that they would have a meeting and a procession in spite of Government. This feeling, however pre- valent among the lower classes,does not extend to their leaders ; and I have reason to know that, however mortifying it must be to their vanity, they have determined to submit. The language made use of by the different agitators at their vurious meetings this week has far exceeded in seditious daring any thing previously spoken by them. The printed reports of the speeches convey no idea of their violence (although you may probably say what is published is bad enough) ; but the directors of the Press are, in fact, afraid of subjecting themselves to prosecution by publishing verbatim the rebellious ravings of the demagogues. They have had melancholy experience of the tender mercies of Mr. O'Connell in avowing himself as the author of certain speeches which the law deemed libellous ; and, however willing they may be to assist in separating the two countries the spectre of Harding Tracy occasionally flits across their recollections, and checks their patriotic aspirations. - Jan 1. DUBLIN, SUNDAY, JAN. 30. - Yesterday there was a good deal of suspense in the Hall of the Four Courts (the great political as well as forensic place of rendezvous in Dublin) us it was the last day allowed to Mr. O'Connell and his con- federates to plead to the indictment. At three o'clock it was ascertained that he had demurred to several of the counts, and joined issue upon others. The object is delay. If however, the Attorney General pleases, he may enter a nolle prosequi on the counts demurred to, and go to trial at once on the others. It is not known what course he means to adopt ; the probability is, that in order to rescue the pub- lic mind from its present state of extreme solicitude, he will go on, and strain every nerve for a conviction. At first the opinion of the bar was averse to the prosecution, but since the ground has been more distinctly specified, the forensic mind has veered about. The gentlemen of the long robe and the powdered horse-hair have come forward in a very unequi- vocal way against their brother. A declaration against the repeal of the Union is already signed by 160 barristers. As the bar of Ireland is drawn from the gentry of the country, this manifesto is of great importance. The address of the mercantile body to Lord Anglesea, which was signed by al- most every respectable trader, has awed the O'Connellites. His "panic" was the worst expedient he could have adopted. Chrysal is the last demon he should have evoked, and it was remarkable that he waited to call for gold until his own poc- kets had been replenished. Bate obolum Belisario is nothing to the O'Connel tribute. The knocking at every hotel for charity is a singular incident in the life of a patriot. The following are the pleas of the several defendants : Redmond, "not guilty'' to the whole. Steele, as to the first 24 counts, *not guilty ;" as to force and arms, and as to the residue of said counts, no record of the several proclamations therein mentioned ; as to the remaining counts, "not guilty." D. O'Connell, as to the first 14 counts, and as to the 30th and 31st, demurs ; as to the residue "not guilty." All the other defendants plead as O'Connell has done. We were all misled, it seems, by the Dublin newspapers, who were in turn misled by some blundering un- derling, as to the nature of the charge against Mr. O'Connell ; and nothing so ridiculous as an accusation of conspiracy to evade a proclamation has been committed by the Irish Go- vernment. He is charged, not with the novel crime of try- ing to escape, but the real offence of incurring, the penalties of sedition. Mr. Justice Jebb told the grand jury, that the offence ascribed to Mr. O'Connell was a very tangible and punishable one ; and the grand jury have found true bills ; so that the matter will come in a regular way to issue. It is to he decided by a petit jury, whether oi not Mr. O'Connell has infringed the law. Here then we may let the matter rest for a while. In the meantime, the mob of Dublin is in a state of excitement of the most violent kind, and they have pelted Lord Anglesey rather plentifully through the streets. It is fortunate for them that they are not Orangemen, else the present head of Irish law would have them immediately tried for high treason, according to his memorable precedent in the case of Handwick. In Li- merick, and one or two other towns, the patriotic advice of O'Connell, to make a run upon the banks, has occasioned con- siderable distress ; and as the murders of agents and other obnoxious persons, who expect that some trifle of rent should be occasionally paid by tenants, have recommenced, it is pretty evident that "their reverences" are at work by tutoring the peasantry. All this is highly delightful, and promises no small quantity of occupation for that eminent member of the "rising talent of the day," Mr. Stanley, to whom at the pre- sent crisis the fortunes of Ireland are committed - we suppose on the old Turkish or rather Mahometan principle, that the class of persons to which he belongs is especially favoured by God. At a meeting of the inhabitants of St. George's Parish, Dublin, for a repeal of the Union, Mr. Sheil said he could scarcely wait during the two years of probation demanded by Mr. O'Connell for a repeal of the Union for its achievement. "But," said he, " I have a plan of my own, if the Union chould not he repealed at the end of two years. I am deter- mined that I will neither pay rent, tithes, or taxes ; they may distrain my goods, but who'll buy, boys ? that's the word - who'll buy ? (cheers.) Mind, I don't tell any man to fol- low my advice ; but, so help me God, if I don't do it, you may call me Shiel of the silk gown !" Mr. Lawless rose to second a resolution, and after some preliminary observations, said - "Some seventy of pattry merchants of ours - for many of them I entertain respect, but I here speak of them collectively - some seventy of these fellows went this morning with an address to the Castle. Oh ! I am sor- ry the people did not meet them ; there never were poor de- vils who would be so gloriously hissed. They went to ad- dress the Marquis of Anglesea, who has drawn the sword against the freedom of discussion. They went to address that hamgman who has put the rope round the neck of public opinion (cheers and hisses) ; but we will beggar the rascals - some of them are concerned in the whiskey trade - we will not taste a drop of whiskey - we will join a temperance society ; I have the Solicitor General with me there ; we will have one great national table, and we will place the Solicitor General at one end, and the Attorney General at the other (laughter,) - There is no man more fond of a tumbler of punch than I am. (A person in the crowd . 'Jack, I think you can take two,' laughter.) But if they persevere, we will not take a sup. (Hear, hear,) I would not call an the people to hiss the Marquis of Anglesea, neither would I call on the people to throw stones at him, and why ? Because I could knock-out his brains by argument." After a few more observations in the same impudent strain, Mr. Lawless sat down. The private accounts from Dublin announce unanimously a decided improvement in the state of the public opinion throughout Ireland within the last few days ; and, in conse- quence, a sensible abatement of the hopes and spirits of the agitators, as may indeed be collected from the increased fury and extravagance of their language. The gratifying fact above-mentioned may be ascribed to two causes, dependent on each other, and operating almost simultaneously, - viz. the exasperation produced (as we had prophesied it would be) in the minds of all the trading classes of the country, by O'Connell's frantic run upon the banks, and the public deve- lopment of that feeling in the resolute address of the great mercantile, banking, and trading bodies of the Irish capital to the Lord Lieutenant, presented at the very moment when His Excellency's law officers were prosecuting Mr. O'Connell and his companions in turbulence for illegal and seditious practices. The Commercial property and respectability of Ireland may now, therefore, be said to have declared them- selves against the repeal plot, as the landed proprietors had al- ready done by their signature of the Leinster declaration. DUBLIN, JAN. 31. - This morning the city was all bustle and life, caused by the assembling and marching of the va- rious trades on their route to Ball's Bridge, on the road to Kingstown. I walked through Merrion-square about eleven o'clock. The south-side of the square in which Mr. O'Con- nell resides, was very much crowded, and the trades, with music and banners, similar to those used on the oooasion of his entrance from Howth, successively passed the house of the hon. gent., the people cheering loudly all the time. I think there was fully as numerous a muster of the trades as on the day of the procession from Howth. At half-past 12, Mr. O'Connell, accompanied by his two sons and other friends look his departure for Kingstown. I have just ascertained that a notice was served upon Mr. O'Connell this morning, calling upon him to attend in the Court of King's Bench from day to day, to go into argument upon the demurrers, and to be ready to receive the judgment of the Court. It is said that in consequence of the service of the notice this morning, Mr. O'Connell will not, as he intended, proceed to Eng- land ; but in order to prevent any excitement or disturbance that might.result from a puhlic announcement that he was prevented by law proceedings from going to Parliament, Mr. O'Connell has determined to accompany the procession to Kingstown, to go on board a vessel in the harbour, and when the people have quietly dispersed, return to town to- night. Yesterday se'nnight (Jan. 16) the bankers, merchants, and traders of Dublin, who signed an address to the Lord Lieutenant, "expressive of their convidence in his administration, and their determination to support the mea- sures which may be necessary to restore the peace of the country, and preserve the integrity of the United Kingdom," assembled at the Royal Hotel, College-street, from whence they proceeded in carriages to the Castle. About 400 gen- tlemen attended on this occasion, and there were about 130 private carriages. On arriving at the castle, at half- past 12 o'clock, the Deputation were introduced to His Excellency. Mr. J. D. Latouche proceeded, after a few preparatory ob- servations, to read the Address, in a very impressive manner, which appeared to give His Excellency great satisfaction. - In his reply the Lord Lieutenant declared his determination to enforce firmly and justly the powers with which he had been entrusted, for the restoration of tranquillity. He lamented the commercial inconveniences caused by the agitators, but trusted they would be but temporary. In conclusion His Excellency said that Government had prepared many mea- sures for the improvement and prosperity of Ireland, and no- thing could contribute to their speedy accomplishment more effectually than the diffusion of a spirit of attachment to the laws. OPINIONS OF THE PRESS. - All jurists have agreed, that if two shipwrecked men are seated on one plank, which will not safely hold them both, the stronger may (we say he will) push off the weaker. This theory of jurists, our landowners, farmers, and agricultural labourers, are reducing to practice, in shoving overboard their late shipmates, the vicar, rector, and extensive tithe connexions. As somebody must be drowned, the Irish sailors, says the Hibernian story, in imminent danger in an open and overloaded boat, after rising from their devotions, agreed nem con. that a chaplain of the company, not being able to row, and moreover, by his own account, the best prepared for futurity, should be sacrificed to the common good ; and accordingly he was committed to the bosom of the ocean. With this com- mentary on the principle of self- preservation - the unal- terable rule of human action - we resume our critical notion of the crusade preaching in the couutry against tithes ; and which can only terminate in a holy war be- tween the laity and the proprietors of the revenues of the church Establishment. If in ireland events are fast hastening to destruction the Protestant Established Church " guaranteed at the Union," we have lay preach- ers in England haranguing every parish against the system of English tithes. The country papers teem with reports of resolutions of grand juries against the pres- sure of local taxation, revolts against church-rates, super- added to poor and country levies ; determination of rate payers not to sanction the expense of gas-light for even- ing services ; parsons lowering their 10, 15, and 25 per cent, under the illuminating influence of "Swing ;" whole parishes meeting to proscribe the clergy and peti- tion against this odious, oppressive, overwhelming im- post ! Such is the decomposition of spiritual society now going forwards ; such the effect, long forseen and pre- dicted, which our contemporary, the Globe, well observ- ed, results from a system which the writ of Atheist could not better devise for the certain eradication of the reli- gious ties of the people to the hierarchy. The landown- ers and farmers are pratically learning the rudiments of political economy ; and low prices, high rents, and a restricted currency, have revealed to them that the clergy belong to the classes distinguished as unproductive labourers. They have picked up, in the course of their inquiries into the causes of agricultural distress (and some of them, may be, from Mr. Cobbett's Sermons and Ecclesiastical Histories), that the support of the poor was anciently a lieu on the tithe ; and that the clergy have silently and cunningly contrived in process of time to get rid of that burden and shuffle it on the laymen. Hence the same men who, a few years since, were as willingly pewed in the parish church as their sheep were penned up in night-folds, halloo out against a hired and paid priesthood as a publie nuisance, the sooner gotten rid of the better ! If this marvellous state of society is not a revolution, we do not know what merits that appella- tion. The farmers now everywhere inquires what services the clergy render for eight millions sterling per annum, forced out of the pockets of the peuple - whether the services rendered are in proportion to the wages - how their duties are individually executed, and what their conduct and personal character. The farmer, under the harrow of the poor man's song in England. "'Hang sorrow, and drive away care, The parish is bound to find us," reflects how many paupers could be kept by the parson's possessions. From former unlimited faith in the clergy, as called and moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon them the office of the Ministry, what farmer now believes that above one clergyman in one hundred dedicates his life to the ministry from any other motive than to get a good living, alias tithes ? The agriculturist, naturally, therefore, regards the parsons as a money-seeking, grasp- ing set of men. He views the parish-spire as a deserter eyes the sentry-box, of his obnoxious guard on duty - and there is one such sentry-box, if not two, in every parish ! The scene which are now acting beggar belief. \- Morning Chronicle. THE MINISTERIAL PLAN OF REFORM. - The Min- isterial circular is couched in terms extremely pressing \- the friends of the Cabinet are invited to a meeting on the 3rd of February, when it is understood that the Ministerial arrangements upon the Reform question will be laid before them. Mr Kemp, at the Lewes meeting, yesterday, mentioned that a plan of reform was to be proposed upon this occasion. We believe, however, that Mr. Kemp, is mistaken, or that his speech has been inaccurately reported. If we are rightly informed, Min- isters will not propose any plan in the first Instance, but refer the consideration to a rather numerous committee who will maturely digest a plan, and present a report, as usual, and upon that report the House will be prepar- ed to act. Such a course is, not only conformable to the pledge given by Earl Grey, but more suitable to the circumstances of the occasion, more becoming the dignity of Parliament, and more respectful to the country. We say that a deliberate consideration of the subject is more conformable to the pledge given by Earl Grey. We quote his Lordship's words - "The first and most earnest object of the deliberations of his Majesty's Ministers will be to relieve the distresses of the country." Now whatever share men may assign to the want of reform in producing the distresses of the country, nobody is so sanguine as to expect that the mere act of reform would relieve those distresses. The Government has discharged its duty firmly, and we are happy to be able to say mercifully, in repressing those disorders which, though but symptoms of the distress at first, threatened to prolong it ; but before this first object of their deliberations can be said to be accom- plished, something more must be done. Reform will not restore credit, or aid in the diffusion of capital alone can be relieved that distress, to relieve which, we must still remember. Earl Grey has pronounced his first ob- ject. We say that the referring the Reform question to a committee, is the course most suitable to the circum- stances of the times. The verv fact that the country is in a distressed and disturbed state is surely an objec- tion to entertaining hastily the discussion of a vital ques- tion : whereas, the assurances given by the Premier, promise that the general distress will be relieved, and the consequent discontent allayed ; and that thence we may hope for a calmer season, in which to decide upon a question so momentous as that of Reform. The heated temper of parties in Ireland has been admitted on all sides as a very sufficient reason for checking by an unconstitutional law, the discussion of the repeal ques- tion. Now, it cannot be disputed that we have some heat upon the Reform question in England ; and we are not so much wiser than our Irish fellow-subjects, that we can safely legislate, as it were, ex improviso, upon a heating question, when they may not safely be permitted to discuss one. Moreover, though probably the Duke of Wellington, Mr. Grove Price, Sir Robert Peel, and Mr. Holmes, stand alone in maintaining that the present coustitution of the House of Commons is perfection, we apprehend that a great diversity of sentiment as to what reform is desirable, exists throughout the country. Many men have not made up their minds upon the sub- ject, and even those who think that they have arrived at a fair conclusion will admit that many of their opinions are hastily taken up, many of their conceptions crude. This is no ordinary question ; it is neither more nor less than a reconstruction of our constitution, and it ought not to be treated in an ordinary manner ; at least if any departure from common rules take place, it ought not to be on the side of precipitation. It is likewise, above all things, to be desired that the change which we are now to make shall be satisfactory and final ; but if the change to be made shall not be perfectly understood beforehand, all experience assures us that it will not be satisfactory. The following is an extract from the Presi- dent's speech at the opening of the Congress : - An arrangement has been effected with Great Britain, in relation to the trade between the United States and her West India and North American Colonies, which has settled a ques- tion that has for years afforded matter for contention and al- most uninterrupted discussion, and has been the subject of no less than six negotiations, in a manner which promises results highly favourable to the parties. The abstract right of Great Britain to monopolize the trade with her colonies, or to exclude us from a participation therein, has never been denied by the United States. But we hare contended, and with reason, that if, at any time, Great Britain may desire the productions of this country, as necessary to her colonies, they must he received upon prin- ciples of just reciprocity ; and further, that it is making an invidious and unfriendly distinction, to open her colonial ports to the vessels of other nations, and close them against those of the United States. Antecedently to 1794, a portion of our production was ad- mitted into the colonial islands of Great Britain, by parti- cular concessions, limited to the term of one year, but renewed from year to year. In the transportation of these produc- tions, however, our vessels were not allowed to engage ; this being a privilege reserved for British shipping, by which alone our produce could be taken to the islands, and their brought to us in return. From Newfoundland and her con- tinental possessions, all our productions, as well as our ves- sels, were excluded, with occasional relaxations, by which in seasons of distress, the former were admitted in British bottoms. By the treaty of 1794, she offered to concede to us, for a limited time, the right of carrying to the West India pos- sessions in our vessels not exceeding 70 tons burden, and upon the same terms with British vessels, any productions of the United States which British vessels might import there- from. But this privilege was coupled with conditions which are supposed to have led to its rejection by the Senate ; that is, that American vessels should land their return cargoes in the United States only ; and, moreover, that they should, during the continuance of the privilege, be precluded from carrying molasses, sugar, coffee, cocoa, or cotton, either from from those islands, or from the United States, to any other part of the world. Great Britain readily consented to ex- punge this article from the treaty ; and subsequent attempts to arrange the terms of the trade, either by treaty, stipula- tions, or concerted legislation, having failed, it has been successively suspended and allowed, according to the vary- ing legislation of the parties. The following are the prominent points which have, in late years, separated the two Governments ; - Besides a restric- tion whereby all importations into her colonies in American vessels are confined to our own products carried hence, - a restriction to which it does not appear that we have ever ob- jected, - a leading object on the part of Great Britain has been to prevent us from becoming the carriers of British West India commodities to any other country than our own. On the part of the United States it has been contended, - 1st, that the subject should be regulated by treaty stipulations in preference to separate legislation ; - 2d, that our productions when imported into the colonies in question, should not be subject to higher duties than the productions of the mother country, or of her other colonial possessions ; and 3d, that our vessels should be allowed to participate in the circuitous trade between the United States and the different parts of the British dominions. The first point, after having been for a long time strenuous- ly insisted upon by Great Britain, was given up by the act of Parliament of July, 1825 ; all vessels suffered to trade the colonies being permitted to clear from thenoe with any articles which British vessels might export, and to proceed to any part of the world, Great Britain and her dependencies alone excepted. On our part, each of the above points had, in succession, been explicitly abandoned in negociations pre- ceding that of which the result is now announced. This arrangement secures to the United States every advan- tage asked by them, and which the state of the negotiation allowed us to insist upon. The trade will be placed upon a footing decidedly more favourable to this country than any on which it ever stood ; and our commerce and navigation will enjoy, in the colonial ports of Great Britain, every privilege allowed to any other nations. According to the estimates at the Treasury Department, the receipt in the Treasury, during the present year, will amount to 24,161,018 dollars, which will exceed by about 300,000 dollars the estimate presented in the last annual re- port of the Secretary of the Treasury. The total expendi- ture during the year, exclusive of public debt, is estimated at 13,742,311 dollars, and the payment on account of public debt, for the same period, will have been 11,354,630 dollars ; leaving a balance in the Treasury, on the 1st of January, 1831, of 4,819,781 dollars. INSOLVENT DEBTOR'S COURT. - Mr. John Joseph Stockdale, the well-known bookseller and publisher, describ- ing himself as late of Carlton-street, St. James's, applied to be discharged, and was opposed by Mr. Chamberlain, coach- maker, of Great Newport-street, a creditor for a debt of £13 13s. 6d. The insolvent stated he petitioned the Court in 1826, but did not appear on his petition. The debt he owed the opposing creditor was contracted in 1825, for re- pairs done to two carriages. Mr. Chamberlain asked him, whether at the time the repairs were done, he contemplated going to Coventry with the intention of getting returned mem- ber in Parliament for that city ? - Insolvent : "I had such an intention at that time, and would have followed it up if I had thought it worth my while." - Mr. Chamberlain : "What were your qualifications to sit in Parliament ?" - Insolvent : " I shall not answer that question." - Chief Commissioner : " But you must ; you are a petitioner, and you are bound to answer the question. What were your qualifications as to property ?" - The insolvent explained that he was qualified by possessing money, but had lost it in paying heavy demands made npon him on account of proceedings taken against him for libels in 1825 and 1826. The losses he had sustained ex- ceeded £15,000, and his family had been reduced from a state of affluence to beggary, and were compelled to lie 0n straw. He had lately been an assistant to his son, who is a bookseller and publisher in Carlton-street ; he had no interest whatever in the property in Carlton-street. The insolent's son also stated, that his father had no interest în the house or business in Carlton-street. He also stated, that when the execution was put in the house, the insolvent's property was sold at a great loss, amongst which were ten thousand vo- lumes of Harriette Wilson's Memoirs, which were sold at 6d. per volume, "and (said the insolvent) they were worth 10 times more than they sold for. I mention this (he added) to show that I had sufficient property to keep my carriage.'' 'The opposing creditor was unable to produce any further evi- dence against the insolvent. The Chief Commissioner said, there was no case made out against him to call for the inter- ference of the Court, and he was, therefore, ordered to be discharged. (Monday last, February 30th,) was observed as a holiday at the Bank, but in the private dealings in stock, both on that and the following day, the highest prices of the Saturday preceding were fully maintained, and a slight advance even occurred on Wednesday morn- ing, when Consols touched 81. On the following morning however, ihe intelligence that the Prince of Orange had scarcely a voice in the Belgian congress, which seemed to be about to elect a Bourbon Prince to the Sovereignty, produced some gloom, and eventually a re-action of nearly 1 per cent., Consuls for the Account, as well as for money dropping to 80¼. Few bargains have been made among the speculators during the week for the account, but the public have been purchasing Money Stock rather freely. In the Foreign Stork Market there has not been any material variation, but Russian bonds are a shade lower, and Spanish a little higher, than they were on the 29th ult. Yesterday the prices were Consols, 80¾ ¼ ; 3 per cent. Reduced, 81 ; 3½ per Cent. Reduced, 90 ; New 3½, 80¼ ; Russian, 92½ ; Spanish, 16¾. Wool. - Thursday evening, a sale of Austra- lian, Tasmanian, German, Spanish, and other wools, took place at Garraway's Coffee-house. The large room was crowded to excess. There were about 400 bales of Austra- lian and Tasmanian wools, which sold briskly at an advance of from 18 to 20 per cent, on the last sale prices. The demand for the country was active. Wools of good quality realized 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. per lb. Some fine sorts of Australian realised from 2s. 2d. to 2s. per lb. Other wools sold well. Jan. 23. The SCOTSMAN, in allusion to an attack of the mob upon the Lord Advocate at Edinburgh, during the elec- tion says "that paper has given but a faint detail of the violence used towards him. When the Lord Advocate and his friends appeared, they were most furiously assaulted by the mob. A cry was raised, " There's Jeffrey - murder him \- kill him," and he was accordingly assaulted in the most atrocious and ruffianly manner, struck with a cudgel on the head, which his hat fortunately saved from material injury, and received several severe blows and kicks, and had the dis- tance been greater to his hotel, he would certainly have been murdered. The Provost of Perth was knocked down, kick- ed, and struck in the most brutal manner, so that he required medical assistance. His clothes were tom to shreds. The principal fury of the moll was directed against Mr. Hunter, the clerk. The Lord Advocate's agent volunteered to escort him to the Council, provided the Provost and some of Capt. Ogilvie's friends accompanied him. They accordingly did so ; but, notwithstanding all their efforts, Mr. Hunter was se- verely hurt before he got to the Council-room. We are glad, on enquiry, to learn that the Lord Advocate on Saturday did not very materially feel the effects of the ill-usage he had received. GOVERNMENT OF CEYLON. - The appointment of Mr. Wilmot Horton to the Government of Ceylon occa- sions the recal of Lieut.-General Sir Edward Baines, who has for several years exerciscd the functions of Govern- ment at that extensive colony. Major-Gcneral Sir John Wilson is appointed to succeed Major-General Sir Hud- sen Lowe, as Lieutenant-Governor, with the rank of second in command, the latter officer returning home. Although the new Governor is a civilian, he is entitled to a personal staff, consisting of a Military Secretary, a prlvate ditto,and two Aides-de-Camp, exclusive of other patronage which devolves upon him. The island of Ceylon embraces an immense extent of territory, ex- tending 250 miles in length, and 195 in breadth, including the kingdom of Kandy. His Excellency is the eldest son and heir apparent of Sir Roheit Wilmot, Bart., of Osmaston. He represented the borough of Newcastle under-Lyme in three successive Parliaments, and assum- ed the surname of Horton after that of Wilmot, in 1823, the Right Hon. Gentleman having married in 1806, the daughter and co-heiress of Euseblus Horton, Esq. Anecdotes of Don Miguel. - This illustrious beast, at the age of fourteen, had formed into a Lillipu- tian battalion, the sons of the Hildalgos about the court. The young warriors were distinguished by all the pomp and circumstances of soldiers of a larger growth. On one occasion, two of them were absent for a couple of days together from the morning parade. On making their re-appearance, they were put under arrest by Miguel's orders, and a court-martial was assembled to try them for desertion. Of this most extraordinary tribunal, Miguel constituted himself the President ; the forms were hurried through, and, to the horror and astonishment of the two youthful culprits, sentence of death was passed upon them by the unanimous consent of all the members. Miguel was resolved that the denouncement of this tragedy should as rapidly follow. They were immediate- ly led out to execution - the platoon had already taken its ground - when one of the King's Chamberlains, ob- serving a more than usual bustle in the court below, rushed down, and fortunately in time to save the two victims from destruction. STRENGTH OF THE TWO GREAT PARTIES. - Europe contains about 215,000,000 of inhabitants, spread among 58 states, large and small. Placing on the one side France and England, and uniting under their banners Belgium, Rhenish Prussia, Sweden, Italy, Greece, and nearly all the German Confederation (excepting Austria and Prussia) - on the other, Austria, Russia, Spain, Por- tugal, and Prussia, with some few states of the German Confederation, - the Progressive party is found to amount to 98,000,000, and the Retrograde party to 102,000,000 ; the former with a revenue of 2,700,000,000 francs, the latter only 900,000,000 francs. The navy of civilization amounts to 1660 ships of war, and that of absolutism to 540\. - Le Voleur. THE PHILADELPHIA CHRONICLE SAYS - "Booth- s about to open a new theatre at Baltimore, to be called the Adelphi. Flynn is to be stage-manager, and several good performers are engaged, including Mrs. Duff, Mrs. Flynn and Mercer." TASMANIA :-Printed and Published by HENRY MELVILLE, the Proprietor, at the Times Office, Elizabeth street, Hobart Town, Van Diemen's Land, to whom all Communications are requested to be addressed. TERMS.-£2 12s. per annum, or 10s. per quarter if paid in advance. - Subscribers in the Country, Launceston, and Syd- ney, to make their remittances by Post, or by some Agent in Hobart Town. - All orders to discontinue must apply to the end of the quarter. 