ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OF ALBUERA. Monday last being the anniversary of the battle of Albuera, in which the brave 39th regiment took so distinguished a part, and it having been publicly understood that a new stand of colours would be pre- sented to them, unusual interest pre- vailed, and nearly all the elite of the beauty, rank, and fashion of Sydney and its neighbourhood repaired to the centre of attraction, to view the imposing specta- cle. Among the spectators we observed Mrs. Darling, Mrs. and the Misses M'Leay, the Honourable the Colonial Secretary, &c.; &c.; &c;, The regiment was drawn up in line with the band and the old colours in the centre, and pre- cisely at 12 o'clock His Excellency the Lieut.-General entered the parade, dressed in a General's uniform, and at- tended by his Aides-de-Camp and Suite, all on horseback. His Excellency was received with demonstrations of respect by the assembled multitude, and on arriving in front of the regiment, the soldiers presented arms, the band striking up the national anthem. Ranks having been closed, the flanks were wheeled up, en potence, and having thus formed three sides of a square, again took open order. The fourth side was filled by the officers of the other regi- ments in garrison, in full uniform ; a ge- neral assembly of ladies, nearly all the civil officers, and many of the respectable inhabitants of the town. The drum-ma- jor, by Colonel Lindesay's direction then advanced to the centre of the square, with the big drum, and the ceremony of consecration was performed by the Ve- nerable the Archdeacon, delivering the following prayers, the latter of which, we understand, was composed by him for the occasion :— " Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man," &c.; (1 Pet. c. 2. v. 13-17.) The Lord's Prayer. " Almighty God, unto whom all hearts be open," &c.; " Almightv God, whose kingdom is everlasting, and power infinite," &c.; " O Almighty God, kng of all kings, and go- vernor of all things, whose power no creature's able to resist, without whose guidance and support the consultations of the prudent, and the strength of the mighty are vain, accept the supplications which we oiler before Thee under a sense^of our entire dependence upon thy Divine will. Wo draw nigh unto Thpe, O Lord, na our only protector and defender; humbly beseeching Thee to stretch forth Thy right hand for the preservation of our country ana its dependencies : more espooially of this colo^ ny, arid of all ranks and eins;es of persons inhabit- ing the same. Dispose and tuin tile hearts of those who rule over us, that in all their enterprises and undertaking's they .may seek thy honor Bud glory ; that so these Standards may never he »mplovod but in'ajust and righteous cause, and thal nil who «bull serve under them may receive 'J hy heavenly bene- diction. Put into their hearts, O Lord, n sense of their duty as Christian soldiers, and of the faithful- ness nnd allegiance which they owo to His Majesty King William ; that they may in due subordination submit themselves to nil who aie placed by him in authority over 'them, and may stodfastly purpose never to desert the ColouiS now to be entrusted to their care and protec'ion. Give them the sword of victory, O Lord of Hosts, and also thy graoe to use it with moderation. Incline them ever to succour the nfilicrod, to uphold the oppressed, to spare the conquered, and to do violence to no man ; that they may be followers of that which is good, and that w« being armed with Thy defence may be preserved evermore from all perils to glonfv Thee, who art the only giver of all victory, through the merits of Thy only Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. " The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Love of God, and the Fellowship of tho Holy Ghost bo with us all evermore." Amen. During the consecration, the new co- lours were held by Lieutenant-Colonel Shadforth, of the 57th, and Lieute- nant-Colonel Despard, of the 17th re- giment, standing in front of the centre. At the conclusion of the ceremony, Colo- nel Lindesay having called the two senior Ensigns of the regiment (Ensign C. B. Lloyd, and Ensign L. Maule) to the front, the old colours fell back lo the rear, and were put away by the Colour Sergeants. Lieutenant- General Darling then advanced, presented the new co- lours to the Officers above-mentioned, and addressed the regiment as follows : ''Thirty-ninth,—It is highly gratifying to me to present you, on the part of your Colonel, with these Colours, henceforth the proud record of your gallant and distinguished services. " It is unnecessary for me, 39th to emblazon your achievements—your friends will ever remem- ber, and your enemies can never forget, that during the Peninsular War, which, in its results, was as glorious to the British arms as it was important to the general interests of Europe, you, led on by your present gallant Commander, fought at Albuera (of which battle this is the 20th anniversary), that you were also engaged with and defeated the enemy at Vittoria—at the Pyrenees—the Nivelle—the Nives —and at Orthes. You have indeed, 39th, nobly re- deemed the pledge which your predecessors in arms first gave at the battle of Almanza, now 120 years ago, which was as admirably seconded in the glorious field of Plassey, as it was successfully followed up at the memorable defence of Gibraltar. " Soldiers—It is not necessary to the fame of your corps, that you should augment the honours which it has so gallantly acquired ; but I am sure. whenever your King and country shall require yorur services, vou will add fresh laurels to the noble wreath which now so proudly adorns your banners. " Gentlemen, in addressing you more particu- larly, to whom this sacred trust, the immediate charge of these colours, is more especially confided, I need only point out that they will be the objects to which the eyes of your corps will be directed— you will protect them with your lives—and may the Almighty, who alone can shield you in the day of battle, guide and preserve you in the faithful dis - charge of this sacred duty." Colonel Lindesay replied nearly in the following terms : " In the name of the Officers and Soldiers of the 39th regiment, I return most sincere thanks for tim distinguished honour your Excellency and the Ve- nerable the Archdeacon have conferred on us this day. " The handsome manner in which the services of the corps have been noticed, must be truly gratify- ing to us all and I am sure we shall always entertain the most grateful recollection of it. " The colours which are this day presented will, I hope, by whatever Officers they may be supported, sustain at their hands the same honour which former ones have, I trust, conspicuously maintained," The ranks then closed, and the line having been reformed on the centre, the re- giment broke into open columns, marched past, and saluted the General in slow time and review order, and afterwards in quick time : then wheeled into line on. the original ground, and opened ranks. The drummers' call being beat on the right, the Ensigns with the colours moved from the centre of the line to the front of the grenadiers, under a general salute from the regiment, and were then escorted by the grenadier company, attended by the band and drums to the commanding officer's quarters, and there lodged the colours with the usual honours. The ceremony then ended: the regi- ment afterwards performed two or three evolutions, and were dismissed about one o'clock. In the evening His Excellency the LIEUTENANT-GENERAL honoured the Mess of the 39th with his company at dinner. 