FASHIONABLES AND SHEWINGS UP. The following jeu d'esprit has been handed to us. We publish it as we received it. If people will discover more meaning in the joke than the writer ever intended, or perhaps ever thought of, they have themselves to blame—not us, or our correspondent, who, however, has more sense in his jokes, doubtless, than at first sight meets the eye: Order of the Procession on the late embarkation of a "GENERAL DEARIE—.''-- In front, a stout detachment of horse marines, two gentlemen, pensioners, richly attired, carrying large crimson silk banners, on which were inscribed the names of all the battles in which "General Dearie—" had been engaged. A deputation of civil officers linked in couples like dogs. The Hon Sandy M'Quill....Mr. Barrington. Mr. John Ketch,......The Sheriff. Dr. Harts-horn, ............Mr. Carter. A deputation of lawyers. Dr. Model,........Mr. Wentforth. Mr. Stephenson,.............Mr. Keafe. Mr. Paxter,........Mr. Morocco. Gentlemen of the Press. Mr. Gall,..........Mr. Hazy. Mr. Bamfielde,..........Mr. Nokes. A band of gentlemen pensioners in half mourning, four deep. Messrs. Old Berry, Bumm, Nicely, Muddy, Millstonecraft, Howling, Walmesley, Boreem, Jonas, &c.; &c.; &c.; A guard of honor composed of inhabitants of the Colony, who surrounded the viceregal carriage. GENERAL DEARIE--. A band of music. Six brass drums, in addition to the usual instru- ments in a military band. Air—"Over the hills and far away." A deputation of Ghosts. Col. Mills,..........Dr. Halloran. Sudds,..........Thompson. The PRESS, and sundry DEVILS! QUIZ has a few remarks to offer respecting the above. He very much admired the crimson silk banner, but really could not see (being short sighted,) any names of battles inscribed thereon. The troops were in fine order, and seemed very anxious to fire a feu de joie on his Excellenza's Embarkation. The civil officers were as usual, very brusqe and uncivil. Mr. John Ketch looked particularly hard at his Excellenza, and seemed very sorry to part with him. The gentlemen of the law seemed very dubious as to the lawfulness of his proceedings; however, on his Excellenza entering into heavy sureties for future good behaviour they acquiesced most cheer- fully in his departure. The gentlemen of the Press appeared at one time to be really sinking under the weight of re- peated prosecutions, but his Elxcellenza's departure inspired them with new life. The bucks in half mourning seemed to weep with one eye and laugh with the other. The guard of honor were very alert, and seemed as if they strongly suspected his Excellenza had a design of escaping to St. Helsters; they took care however to discharge their duty, and saw him safe on board, and gave him in charge to the Skipper. The brass drums performed to admiration, and "Over the hills and far away" might have been heard beyond the Blue Mountains, every person was singing it throughout the territory. The ghosts looked as shocking as could well be desired—the fashion of Messrs. Soap-Sudds, and Thompson's iron suits was particularly admired by some Portuguese slave-dealers, and Guernsey mar- chands, who happened to see them. Amongst the numerous assembly of Just cases of the Piece and other very respectable inhabitants who closed the rear of the procession, we observed a vast number of his late Excellenza's favorites, who, to do them justice, seemed more intent on hailing the rising sun, than sorrowful for their late master's departure. QUIZ. 