The following statement of the occur rentes which took place in the Council, in reference to the establishment of a code of regulations lor its proceedings, may perhaps be foun.d both iuteiesting and useful. The Council, upon its assembling, was composed of the following members :— His Excellency Lieutenant Governor AR- THUR., Mr. Secretary Burnett, The Chief Justice Pedder, The Colonial Treasurer Thomas, The Attorney General Montagu, e-The Collector O'Ferral, The Senior Chaplain Bedford, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Willis. The code of , regulations prepared by the Attorney General for the future government of the proceedings of the Council, was referred to i the following Committee :—The Chief Justice, Mr. Burnett, Mr. Montagu, (A.G.) Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Archer, and Mr. Cox. The Committee sal every day at 12, until the meeting of the Council at 2. Mr. Cox moved that strangers be admitted to the Couucil. Mt. li ami I ion seconded the motion. Mr. Burnett supported it. The principle which Mr. Cox proposed, wa#, that each member should have a ticket for the admission of one person. Mr. Montagu was for the general admission of the public, exactly upon the principle established iu the House of Commons, that when the Couucil room was filled to the extent it could convenicnlty accommodate, no more to be admitted. The plan of Messrs. Cox and Hamilton, was however approved by all the members of the Committer, except the Chief Justice Pedder, who wus opposed to the admission of strangers altogether, consideiing it necessary that the Council should sit in secrecy. The only reason which the Chief Justice gave for e this opposition to the otherwise unanimous opinion of the Committee, was, that the House e of Commons possessed the power of punishing all persous who should misrepresent its proceedings, Ilere, the s g Council not possessing such power, lie considered it improper that its proceedings should be open to the public. Mr. Buruett replied to this objection, by suggesting; that should any person wilfully misrepresent any of the proceedings of the Council, the member by whose ticket he had been admitted, should be precluded from again permitting the individual so offending, to have the advantage of it. The Chief Justice persevered in his objection to the admission of the public under any limitations or restrictions whatever. The live other Members beiug of a different opinion, the regulation for the adinis- sioli of strangers by members' tickets, was carried by the whole, the Chief Jii'stice excepted. All the oilier regulations prepared by the Attorney General, were agreed to Unanimously. By this time, however, the Council having got through the Charter of Justice Act, Was about to adjourn; it being the opinion of the Law O/i'ceis of the Crown, that it was EXPEDIENT for no other business to be pr< ceeded upon, until the Supreme Court was in opeihdofi, iti which to enrol the Acts of Council according to the provi-ions of the H uskiss'on Act. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor also considered it necessary that lie should have the code of regulations above referred to, before him for a day or two, in order to bestow upontheiu fitting consideration, previous - to deciding whether or not, His Excellency would submit them to the Couucil for adoption. Thus, then, the Couucil has adjourned, leaving that subject entirely in s/a.'u quo. W e have i eason to bel iu ve that the publ ic admission Regulation, if proposed to the Council, will pass by a large majority. \\\ e have already stated that five members nro decidedly i.i in favor. To these, we believe we may add, Mr. O'Ferral, Mr. Anstey, and Mr. Kerr. Mr. Bedford, we apprehend, will vole with the.. Chief Justice for closed doorB. Mr. lliomus is do ubtfnl. Mr. Willis had left town previous to the committee having decided upon their report. There is, however, an abundant majority to carry this most necessary regulation, if, as we have said, the Lieutenant Gov:rnor shall, acting upon his own i xcellent judgment and liberal mi.id, shall decide for himself as to thts submitting it to the Council. If, on the other hand, His Excellency shall consult the Executive Council, in which the 'Chief Justice is undt rstocd to have a preponderating influence, great doubts may be entertained, whether it will not disappear from the code of Regulations prepared, and we understand with great juJgment and discretion by the Altoriiey-Ueiierul. If the arguments we have so often offered tothe pablie, as to the "XECESMTr," as respects the public iuteres's, uf excluding Judges stiicily frorti ail possible interference with political mailers, require further illustration, they will be found iu the above statement. H'e consider this matter so vitally important, tliat we propose to re publish in onr next, lhatpait of the article in The Review, headed " Purity of Judges," which refe s to opinions of Lord Etdon, and the whole, e\en uf the Ultra, the PLUS ULTRA Tories, as to thfc necessity of keeping Judges to their ju. dicial duties EXct.usivELY. We consider (and we believe the whole Colony will go with us,) that the FIVE Members of the Committee, w ho voted for the admission of the people to the Council Room, are entitled to the waimist possible thanks. Mr. Burnett, who replied so convincingly to the ghost of the shade of argument, with which the Cliisf Justicesupported his exclusive opinions Mr. Montagu who was for the widest possible opening of the doors - Mr. Cox who proposed the resolution—Mr. Hamilton who seconded it, and Mr. Archer who zealously supported it—all these gentlemen are, we repeat, entitled to, and wili receive the warmest thanks of the Colony. And when the day of Elective Representation arrives, as it assuredly will, the claims they have now established to the public support, will not be forgotten. 