£ &H;*M& n.Mtttr. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1831. THE shifts to which the enemies of our GOVERNOR resort, for the purpose of ex- posing him to popular dislike, are such as indicate not less a paucity of male rials, than a profusion of obstinate ha- tred. To the thousand and one ingenious fables that have issued from their seething brains, we observed on Saturday the addition of this monstrously imaginary charge-that His Excellency's policy had caused the decay or death of our three chief popular institutions, the Agricultural and Horticultural Society, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Turf Club. The fact of their decline we are not prepared altogether to deny, though we cannot admit that the first has actually, or that the second has virtually, given up the ghost. The Agricultural Society yet breathes, and is about to try the benefit of change air, in other words, a modifi- cation of its constitution ; while the Chamber of Commerce is, or was (to our certain knowledge) a few weeks ago, in a state of healthful activity, holding its periodical meetings with commendable regularity, and despatching its business in " a merchantable manner." But to whatever extent these institu- tions may have degenerated, none but the most rash or perverted intellect, knowing the prevailing characteristics of the co- lony, could connect that degeneracy with the spirit of the Government. The people of New South Wales have many excellences, and we are ever ready to them justice : they aro liberal to the full extent of their means, beings always accessible to the appeals of humanity, whether public or private; and if proofs were demanded, we would point to the numerous institutions of a benevolent and a religious nature with which their infant country is adorned. But it would be to deny the every-day evidence of our senses were we to affirm, that, as regards public combinations, they are either cor- dial or steady. The climate doubtless predisposes to indolence; and this is one way of accounting for their intentixess upon their own individual affairs. To get through the routine of those duties which are not to be neglected without great personal loss requires, generally speaking, full as much mental or bodily exertion as they have the courage to en- dure, leaving no surplus of time or of energy to be devoted to matters not im- mediately bearing upon their own inte- rests. Hence, in almost »very instance, tlieir public associations, how vigorously soever they may have commenced, have gradually languished and.drooped, and, like the two successive Sydney Reading Societies, the Subscription for the Mac- quarie Monument, and others,, sunk si- lently into oblivion; or, like the Agricul- tural Society, and that most excellent institution, which one of our contempo- raries has had the heart to disparage, the Sydney Dispensary, eked out a sickly and unproductive existence. But, besides this physical lassitude, the two institutions under our immediate attention, the Agricultural Society and the Chamber of Commerce, have had to contend with other and more insurmount- able difficulties. From a state of af- fluence, the people, within the last four years, have been plunged into a state ap- proaching to bankruplcy. The unex- ampled depreciation of their main pro- perty, live stock, together with the failure of harvest after harvest, left them nei- ther spirits nor means for the support of expensive societies. Their hearts sunk into despondency, and their purses made themselves wings and flew away. Cramped as they were by the want of cash-har rassed by the importunities of credi- tors-scathed by those angels of destruc- tion, the lawyers,-what time, what at- tention, what pecuniary aid, was it in their power to bestow upon any pub- lic undertaking whatsoever? Can we wonder that, under such circumstances, our institutions should have retro gaded ? Or is it not rather to be won- dered, that they should have main- tained existence at all ? The storm of adversity which of late ravaged the co- lony, laying waste the substance and the hopes of hundreds of our industrious settlers, and inflicting more or less damage upon the interests of all, was sufficiently furious and protracted to have destroyed those institutions root and branch. But they have survived the tempest, and now that tranquil skies again smile upon our vallies, and genial seasons are once more clothing our fields with plenty, they are beginning lo lift up their heads in hope of better days. To a mind untainted by the sickly hue of political prejudice, these causes and these effects will appear as naturally con- nected as any in nature ;. but it answers the purposes of faction to prefer theory to facts, and therefore are we told, that the depression of our public institutions is owing neither to (ho characteristic instability of the people, nor to the over- whelming pressure of the times,-but to the policy of the Government!-With equal truth may it be affirmed, that Ge- neral DARLING is answerable for the catarrhal visitation of 1827-for the hoopingcough of 1828-and for the smallpox now raging among our unfor. túnate blacks. His policy has had just as much to do with the origin of these calamities as with the falling off of our voluntary associations. The people withheld their attendance because they had something else to do; they withheld their subscriptions, because they could not afford the money. "What share the GOVERNOR'S policy had in keeping them at home, or in diminishing the profit- ableness of their farms, we can no more comprehend than that the same policy should have influenced their taste in the choice of a coat, in the choice of a dinner, or the choice of a wife. But these futile attempts to make the GOVERNOR answerable for things with which he had no more concern than with the vicissitudes of the seasons, are worthy of no better appellation than that of " political juggles." They are designed to answer a given purpose, and that a bad one. The last hour of General DAR- LING'S abode among us has well nigh arrived ; but the malignity of his enemies is unabated ; it seems, indeed, to acquire a deeper intensity, and to exhibit itself in more frantic forms, as that hour ap- proaches. Hostility like this is truly pitiable. MR. THERRY AND MR. BAXTER. In our last we laid before our readers so much of Mr. THERRY'S pamphlet as would acquaint them with the nature of the charges he felt called upon to answer : we now proceed to show wherein that answer consists. Wishing to close our notice of this painful subject in the pre- sent number, we are compelled to deny ourselves the pleasure of extracting so copiously as we could wish from Mr. T.'s own words, and must endeavour to give the substance of some of his statements in a condensed form. The circumstances under which he was first led to interfere in the matter be- tween Mr, and Mrs, BAXTER were simply those :-On the evening of tho 17th of January last, Mrs. B. called upon him at his residence, stating that she was apprehensive of personal violence-that she had just waited upon the Sheriff for his advice-that he (the Sheriff) had re- commended her to claim the protection of a Magistrate-and that he had referred her to Mr. THERRY, as the Magistrate most*conveniently at hand. Mr. T. being naturally unwilling to meddle in so disagreeable a business, endeavoured to dissuade Mrs. B. from" the purpose she had formed ; but finding Ibis impossible, be requested her to return to the Sheriff, and say that he wished that gentleman to communicate with him in writing. The result »vas the following note:-. " MY DEAR SIR, " Mrs. Baxter is now here : I request you will call upon me to see if any thing can be done for this unfortunate lady. " Yours, very truly, " T. MACQUOID." Mr. T. accordingly proceeded to the Sheriffs, to whom he expressed his aver- sion to the task that bad been imposed upon bim, and his determination not to act without at least another Magistrate. The Sheriff therefore fetched Mr. LAU GA, who resided in his neighbourhood, and, Mrs. M'Quoid being too much in- disposed to bear the noise of Mrs. BAX- TER'S child, took him to the adjoining house of Mr. THERRY, where the depo- sition was forthwith taken, and authen- ticated by the signatures of " BURMAN LAUGA, J.P." and " R. THERRY, J. P." In the pamphlet the instrument is tran- scribed at full length, but we think it neither proper nor necessary to intro- duce it into our columns. We must now permit Mr. T. to speak for himself: - " As 'soon as the above deposition was duly transcribed and signed, the temporary protection of two constables was afforded to Mrs. Baxter, by the direction of Mr. Lauga and-myself, for the purpose of pre- venting further violence, if any should be attempted. The constables were directed" to remain in the immediate neighbourhood of Mr. Baxter's house, but not to enter it, unless an attempt at personal violence should render their interposition necessary. Mrs. Baxter then went home-the depo- sition remained with me-with which docu- ment I intimated to the Sheriff and Mr. Lauga, on leaving me, that I would take the course regular and usual in similar cases. I did so. This deposition had now become a Magisterial record-and all persons con- versant with such matters know that the proper depository of it was the Office of tlie Principal Superintendent of Police. Ac- cordingly, 1 took the document to the Police Office, as soon as with propriety anti convenience it could be done-the interval of two days being permitted to intervene (in consequence of the severe indisposition of Mr. Baxter) between the day of receiving the deposition and that on which it was taken to the Police Office. The occur- rences at the Police Office are distinctly and satisfactorily stated in the annexed depo- sition of Mr. Windeyer, who then officiated as Chief Clerk of the Bench-to which he has been since elevated, with the concur- rent approbation of the Government and the Public. Sydney, to wit. J " Charles Windeyer, Chief Clerk of Police, Syd- ney, being duly sworn on his oath, saith, On or about two months ago, Roger Therry, Esquire, came into the Majistrates private room at the Police Office, and stated to Warhain Jemmett Browne, Esquire (who was the sitting Magistiale, in the absence of the Principal Superintendent of Police), that Mrs. Baxter, the wife of the Attor npy-General, had been with him, by the advice of the Sheiiff; and that he, Roger Therry, Esquire, had taken her deposition, detailing certain acts of her husband, which seemed to him to call for the intervention of the Magistrate for her personal pro- tection. Mr. Brown declined interfering in the matter, on the ground, that, being n'ready in Mr. Therry's hands, he would follow the proper course. Mr. Therry stated that he had thought it necessary to place two constables nt the house of Mr. Baxter, but that it would be extremely unpleasant to him to be obliged to follow the regular legal course in such cases. It was then suggested, I think by Mr. Therry, that I should wait upon Mr. Baxter, and endeavour to get his assurance, upon his ho.tour, that he would offer no annoyance to Mrs. Baxter, in which case the constables should be withdrawn from his house. I accordingly waited upon Mr. Baxter, at the residence of Mr. Rowe, and in his presence (as the legal adviser of Mr. Baxtor) I stated the circumstances, and made the proposition with which I was charged. At fiist Mr. Baxter was desirous that the business should proceed in the regular manner, and stated that he would be ready to enter into sureiies of the Peace ; but, ul- timately, he consented, at the strong instances of Mr. Rowe and myself, to give the desired assurance for Mrs. Baxter's security ; at the same time he reserved to himself the right to take such steps as he might think proper with rosppct to the placing con- stables in his house. I endeavoured to convince him that the steps adopted had been (if at all irre- gular) the result of kindly feelings on the part of the Magistrates ; but my arguments appeared to have but little eifoct, as he seemed fully persuaded to the contrary. Mr. Baxter stated til at the constables might be continued, or not, as he never intended to go near the house again. I used every argument that I could think of to induce Mr. Baxter to adopt theopinion which I entertained, and do still entertain, that Mr. Therry was compelled to act-and that in acting, as he did, he had adopted the must lenient coursetou'ards Mr. Baiter. " Sworn this td March, 1831, before > " J. E. MANNING, j. P. \ " CHARLES WINDEYER." Another of the charges against Mr. T. was, that he had officiously, and with the basest of motives, transmitted Mrs. B.'s deposition to the local Government. The following is his unanswerable refu- tation : " It now remains to explain the circum- stances attendant upon the transmission of this deposition to the Executive Govern- ment. Had I causelessly and obtrusively forwarded it, without any requisition from the Executive Government, my conduct might be, not unfairly, liable to the im- putation of unworthy motives, of which I am aware there are many not loth to be lavish. " ' Mark ! how a plain tale shall put them down.'-What are the facts? For several days after the deposition was taken 1 did not see, nor, in any way, communi- cate with the Colonial Secretary ; and on the first occasion on which I did see biro, which was on business of quite a different nature, he was in possession not only of the fact of the deposition having been taken but also of many facts which it disclosed. It wai not, however, until ten days after- wards that he signified to me the desire of the Governor to be furnished with a copy of Mrs. Baxter's deposition. With this requis!, lion I did comply. It was a requisition to which I felt then, and feel now, I was | bound to accede. Is there any instance-, let me ask-in England of a Secretary of State being refused, by a Magistrate, the copy of a deposition taken before him? I am satisfied there is not. Is there any in- stance of such a refusal, on the part of any Magistrate of this Territory, to the Colonial , J Secretary, who stands in the same relation to the Governor of this Colony as the Se cretary of State at Home does to the King? I am equally confident that there is not. But, to remove any doubt as to the uniform practice upon the subject in this Colony, 1 subjoin a letter which, in answer to an en- quiry upon the point, the Principal Super- intendent of Police had the kindness to address to me : " Sydney, 7th March, 1831, " My dear Sir, " I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter \ of this day's date, requesting to be informed whe- ther it lins bepn the practico to furnish Government with copies of the depositions taken bpf'ore Magis- trates, on anplicatton bj' the Executive Govern, mont;-and, in reply, I have the honour to state it has been invariably the practice to do so ever since I assumed chargo of the Police Office-and, I am given to undeistaud, a similar practice was II existence previously to tina period. " .Believe me, my dear Sir, " yours, very truly, '. F. ROSSI.» I " It would not be unworthy the attention of those who affect to feel with so sensitive and deep a sympathy in this business, that, at the rate of half-a- crown a copy, any person, on application at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, at Clerkenwell or Westminster, may be supplied with copies of any article of the Peace that has been exhibited by wives against their husbands, I from the commencement of that process of I protection down to the presrnt time. Will it then be contended the Executive Go- vernment is alone to be debarred from tlie | possession of that copy here, which, ni home, the veriest beggar may obtain ? Or, will it be contended that Mr. Baxter, by reason of his being the sworn Conservator of the Peace, and, ex officio, the Public Functionary bound to punish its violation; is to have a special exemption from the disclosure of whatever offences against it he may think proper to perpetrate ?, As lo the futile attempt to confound'this act of Magisterial interposition with an undue and irregular interference in the domestic con- cerns of Mr. Baxter,-the device is too shallow-the calumny too contemptible-to entitle it to serious refutation." We must pass over Mr. T.'s clear vin- dication of himself from the imputation I of having sought Mr. BAXTER'S dismis- sal with the odious view of obtaining the situation for himself-a vindication which ! demonstrates that no such thought could by possibility have entered his head- I and hasten to the more serious charge, j alleging him to have surreptitiously pro- cured the baptism of Mr. BAXTER'S twin infants in the Roman Catholic commu- nion. Mr. T. justly observes : " My correspondence willi the Rev. Mr. Therry, on the subject of an alleged im- proper interference with the religion of Mr. Baxter's family, furnishes, I flatter myself, a satisfactory refutation of that ill-founded accusation : " Hunter-street, August 26,1831. " My dear Sir, " Allow me to call your attention to a paragraph which appears in The Sydney Monitor of last Saturday, copied from a Hobart Town paper, in which it ii stated that Mr. Baxter, in a letter to Sir George Murray, complains, in very strong and emphatic terms, of my having, during Mr. Baxter's absence at Hunter's River, precured, the Roman Catholic Priest, Mr. Therry), to baptise his twin daughters in the Roman Catholic communion. " From the whole tone and tenor of the article, it is obvious that this statement has been authen- ticated either by Mr. Baxter or some person on his behalf. Will you have the goodness to state how utterly unfounded and untrue you know this as- sertion to be? " I would not trouble you in this matter, fort that 3rou must perceive the animus that prompted the ttansmission of this statement to Sir George Murray. " In the same paper it is stated, that the desire of Mrs. Baxter to educate her children in the Roman Catholic faith, and the recourse which she had to my advice upon the subject, in which it is alleged she placed great confidence, together with Mr Baxter's embarrassments, constituted- the united misfortunes which had the effect of producing an occasional aberration of mind. " Really ' this is too bad.' Positively I never spoke to Mr3. Baxter on the subject of religion; and, as to Mr. Baxter's ' mental aberration' being produced by any sensitiveness that he felt on the score of religion-if it were a contributing cause to his misfortunes-I can only say, it is a cause in which 1 had no concern whatever. " Pray say what you know, or at least what Hü» you are awaie I know, of these matters. " Believe me, my dear Sir, " Very faithfully yours, . 3 «< R. THERRV.6 " Tothe Rev. Mr. Therry." .. Chapel-hous', Sydney, 27th August, 1831. '* My dear Sir, " In reply to your note of yesterday, request"1? me to certify whether you had, as was stated to bsJe been the case in a Hobart Town newspaper, " Pr0"' cured mo to baptise tbe twin children of the la'4 Attorney-General, Mr. Baxter," I unequivocally and solemnly deny that you procured, requested, o' induced me in any way, directly or indirectly perform that duty : it was performed at the request» in the house and presence, of their mother. Mr. Baxter is aware that I do not requite any stimuli to urge me to the performance of" the duties of my sacred office ; and of that Gentleman I entertain to« high an opinion, to believe that so erroneous state- ment, as that to which vou advert, could have em»" nated from him :-and I am equally certain to«,. neither of the Editors of the papers, in which lias appeared, WOnld hfl Vi allowed it to hare been published, were they aware of iii being in any way incorrect. My having baptised bis infant Daugh- ters could not have contributed, in the slightest de- cree, to produce any aberration in the mind of Mr. Baxter. His principles are not, as stated, highly Calvinistas-they ate the opposite, exceedingly li- beral. He, with many of tho most eminent and Jcained men of that sect, abhors the impious bins »tierny, and detests the murderous cruelty, of the sanguinary Heresiarch from whom that denomina- tion has been derived. I can never forget a strong expression which Mr. Baxter made use of when sub- scribing Ten Pounds to the exhausted funds of the Catholic Chapel :-That he lamented and deplored ps every honest and good man must-the neglected state of tho Catholic community, with respect to the means afforded, or rather withheld from them, to ob- tain education for their Children, or religious instruc- tion for themselves-and ho abominated the d-d bigo ty that caused that neglect. " I am, my dear Sir, < «» Ever and faithfully vonrs, > " JOHN JOSEPH THERRY." «< To B. Hurry, Esq. J. P., 8ço. tyclfc" Such and so invincible is this ' State- ment of Facts1-a statement that must, we are sure, convince every unprejudiced reader of Mr. THERRY'S utter innocence of the things laid to his charge. We cannot do better than conclude our hasty article in the closing words of his Let- ter :-r * M Towards Mr. Baxter, throughout this letter, I have studiously avoided any ex- pression- bordering even upon harshness. .The * mental aberration' (to which his re- spectable medical attendant has certified) under which Mr. Baxter suffered at the period when these transactions occurred, would disarm the resentment even of a per- son cherishing an hostile disposition towards bim. But, in truth,-I neither was -nor am I his enemy-nor do I judge so unge- nerously of him as to suppose that,-if he be now restored to the right use of reason, be would censure me for affording to-Mrs. Baxter that protection which the law al- lowed, and to which calamity had given her so deplorable a title. Neither do I think so meanly of his understanding as lo imagine he can believe that I have the power (were I so wicked as to bave the disposition"^ . to injure and degrade him, unless liis own acts bring injury and 'degradation upon him, any more than he has the power to disgrace me, unless I dis- grace myself by my own conduct. But, my Lord, I feel I am pressing observations on your attention with which your Lord *,ghip is so familiar as to render their repeti- tion here superfluous and impertinent. ?" I have the honour to be, 4t your Lordship's ""most obedient servant, 41 R. THERRY." ?r*-' .' , lSSS Anxious to encourage the colonial to- bacco interest, we beg attention to an advertisement .from the warehouse of Mr. Bell, offering for sale a -quantity of that fragrant weed grown at Brisbane Water. Good judges have pronounced it the best .colonial tobacco they had ever seen. An interesting case is set down for .itrinl to-morrow, in which "¿ode-owners are particu . larry concerned. It relates, as we are informed, to (he liabilities of persons who depasture sheep on '".hirds." We shall report tlie case in full. NEW ZEALAND. - The Mary and ' Jiliiabeth, now undergoing extensive repairs in the King's Dock, will. When ready for sea, be stationed ot New Zealand, where government have it appears .finally resolved on fixing an establishment, for the purpose of affording protection to the natives, and ?deciding on any question that mav arise -among the Europoans visiting the coast. The Commanding , Officer of the troops, and the Captains of the Mary end Elizabeth, will, it is understood, form a Bench of Magistrates in the first instaDoe. The growing ' importance of fliis island, and the facilities it affords to many runaway prisoners from this Colony, Tender such a step as the present highly ne- cessary.-From a Correspondent. The cotter Dart, and the ketch William, condemned by the Vice Admiralty Court, under the revenue laws, were sold last week by Mr. Lyons. The Dart fetched ,£185, and was purchased foy Mr. Egan, of the Dock-yard. The William sold for .£26. The American brig Chinchilla is one , 'of the prettiest models ever seen in the harbour. From this port, we understand, she proceeds to the Fejee, and thence to the Sandwich islands. Her voyage is a speculative one, to collect béche-le-mere and other commodities for the China market. The Genii is being fitted out for ano- ther trip to the whaling grounds. 1 he Juno is also preparing for a similar trip. Christmas Paulgrove, George Crow, .and Sarah Hurst, have been fully committed by Lieutenant STEEMAN, to take their trial for stealing a bullock, the pronerty of Mr. J. S. Spearing, of Illa- warra. A notice has for some time past been posted at the door of the Police Office, Bong Bong, , very politely apprising the newspaper subscribers, that their papers will be duly forwarded every Friday morning, if not previously called for during tlie week'. The Rev. J. J. THERRY celebrated mass at Wollongong, on the 20th ultimo, to a nu ; merous congregation of the Roman Catholic persua- sion. A party of prisoners, some under sen \- <ence to peual .«étalements, by the magistrates in i the interior, aad others committed for trial, arrived , in Sydney yesterday, under« military escort. We are pleased to hear that the last ' Taces at Parramatta wpnt off with very considerable - eclat. No disturbances took place on the~Couise, (nor any accident, that we have heard of. One indi . vidual, holding-a respectable rank in society, we are informed, received a sound drubbing at the hands of . «i gentleman whose wife, it is said, he had insulted. We have only heard one side of the question in this matter ; and we tberefoioconfine ourselveß to a nar \- ration of the simple fact, " without note or com . ment." a The Supreme Court .granted a writ of . «rerf/orari, on Saturday la*t, to bring up the proceed- ings before tlie Magistrates, in the recent case of Mr. Terry Hughe», who'was convicted of slaugh- tering cattle ilf an unlicensed slaughter-house, and lined ¿£50, in order to their being quashed. The -application was 'made by Mr. Foster, who stated, that it was not a hostile proceeding against the -, Magistrates, but for the purpose of obtaining the .opinion of the Court, as to the legality of the con- viction ;, as he (Mr. Foster) submitted that they altogether misconstrued the law under which Mr. Hughes was fined. The application was also sup- ported by the affidavit of Mr- Hughes, who swore -' that he never had the remotest intention of violating the law. The trials of civil issues, before Special Juries, commenced yesterday. Sir John Jamison's crack horse, Benne- long, carried all before him on the second day of the Parramatta races. ? The eause list, at the commencement ' of the Court of Requests for the present month, . contained 433 case«, forty-six of whicb weio re 1\. maneU from the last sittings. 