SOUTHWARK REFORM DINNER The friends of reform in the borough of South- wark, to the number of 180, on the 4th May en- tertained their recently elected members at dinner, at the London Tavern. J. Wood. Esq. (brother of the Alderman of that name) in the chair. We never witnessed such cordial enthusiasm ; each person seemed to drink the health of "Wallace the Fourth, the Patriot King" as if his Majesty were a near relation, who had conferred some signal token of public and private favour. The healths of Mr Calvert and Mr W Brough- ham, Mr Byng, Mr Hume and Alermen Wood, Waitman and Venables, all of whom returned thanks and congratulated the assembly on the re- sult of the noble efforts of .... during the present election, were also received with .... .... On Mr Calvert announcing that General Gascoyne was, judging from his "right position" at the bottom of the poll, certain to be ejected from the representation of Liverpool, the meeting rose and with the King's health and cheers and the waving of handkerchiefs drank "success to the Independent Electors of Liverprool". The same spirit of exultation and joy at the defeat of the enemies of the Reform Bill was ... when Mr Broughham stated that not only had Mr Bell given up the ghost at Northumberland .. that the return of two reform members for Cum- berland, for Hampshire, Herefordshire .... and Gloucester was certain; and that .... certainty that Mr P... would .... stand in Berkshire, the Marquis of Chandos from .... ham, and sir R Vyvyan from Cornwall. The hon. member said that supporting the places which had not yet ... representatives, Ministers will have gained ... votes by the returns already made; 150 would be perhaps, too much to expect if the examples set by London and Southwark should be imitated throughout the country. (hear) Among the re- markable "signs of the times" which the electorate even as far as it had gone had disclosed there were perhaps more notable than facts which had been communicated to him since he had entered that room. One was that Mr Peel, a brother of the great anti-reformer Sir Robert Peel was at present at Newcastle under Lyme as to be com- pelled to declare himself an advocate for the "bill, the whole bill and nothing but the bill". (Loud cheers and laughter). In the same manner and for the same reasons, and with precisely the same ... and consistency, Colonel Sidthorp had declared himself at Lincoln, while still more strangely "Old Corfe Castle Banks" in Dorset- shire (hear, and laughter) and Sir Edward K... bull in Kent were now at the 12th hour -the day after the fair (a laugh) declaring themselves "friends of reform". But the ... would not succeed; the electors of Dorset and Kent knew their men and would doubtless perform their duty. Mr Robert Cooper's home brewed beer (as nutritive a beverage as can ..... sugar) is fast coming up to Wright's ... tralian in flavour and estimation. The customs-house ground is stated to have brought a couple of weeks ago by auction £6000. We suspect this to be a puff! The value of land in Sydney has now been puffed beyond all decent bounds. We would advise buy- ers to be cautious, and not pay too much for the whistles. At Maitland, Monday the 26th instant the commander of the Sophia jane was summoned to appear before the bench for having sold spirits without a licence. It was proved that spirits were sold by the mate or steward but not the master and the complaint was dismissed. We hear such complaints continually ...... by passengers about high charges for freight and sundry irre- gularities in the delivery of packages. So scru- pulous is the commander, we understand, that for a small package of newspapers, he lately demanded from a friend of ours, double freight, as the parcel had not been booked, but was in our friend's cloak bag, whence it got out he could not tell. Subsequently 1s was taken for the freight of the package. In times of competition like these we think the master of the Sophia Jane might afford to be a little less unaccomo- dating. The Edinburgh Courant gives the fol- lowing as a pretty correct return of the result of the elections, as regards the question of reform in Scotland - Tile whole Bill — Argylls'luri;. F'»if:»r, Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland* Duniiri.'s, Huufruw. Apuiii'ijt the \vhole' Bill-^Ab'erdei?ii» l)er«v:«-t-, Edinburph, Elgin, Haildingtim, Kiunifduie, l.m lillit?ow, Peebles, Perth, llo- bury h, Selkirk,' li in il'. ? Uticerlaini or roiiti-sied-^*kiuroast luveruessrf Kiikcudbriglit, Ayr, Uoss-shire. B'Jnorr«t For the whole Bill — Ayr district, Stirling, Tain, Dy-saii, Against the whole Bill — E linburghj Anstruthur, Jelhiiigh, Selkirk, Wilton. Uncertain, or conicstuii — Inverness,, Perth, A-I.joi-! deeu, Glasgow, Dumfries. The ' faction' of j ihhcrii «ml -h»n,I-rupt ? Orangemen are in their extremities. ihrpVighinit Ireland; the fuss about thu Oath .lie Bill was a storm in a biuon compared with the..iiui--tianuii-n--.!t rage, in lo which the dissolution h;iy lhr.-v«.ivthi»m'._ Their cry is, as usual* ' l'mlJstatiiistu'Ci e'. pUfil'to ' plunderand jobbing) . -..'. , ....?? ? MithniKti--rOtt Tu today morning, 'by-'-appi%i*l ' license., by the Uo.v.'M. 'M'Giaivin, Mr., SkiMie Crni«,to Mary, eldest 'daughter of the late George Patitou, 12sq. . . .. .-.-.-? ?B-lKTirs.-^Oh ? the I8t!» instnnl, ' n't. Hoare Town, tlie wife of John. Bucklund. Esq. of d son. ? . ? '-. ' ??- ? '? At Campbell Town, on l!ic 9.1-sl iiWanr, the r .lady of Liuuti Muyrii-k, Sinh retjiineiit, of a son. LoRh ? Byuo* and Ma. HoBiiousiii in GriKiXR.— rThe travellers wuudurcd- liotn »»'»».? ytuitiii' to another vJntil they came »o a.fouuiaui of pine water, by ihosideof which .they lingered some time, till observing that' their ioi'c'liu3 were Wasting,' they resolved -to lelurn.: but after c.vp'oihtg tli» labyrinth for a. few miuutos, ibuy lonnd tlionvje'' K^ain cjose bfsiile this tuystcri* us ''pripg. ' ttof without reason llu'y then he amc -v ^ naj ? ehe guido coftlussed with tropiddti'- -'.'♦'not I, Tor forgotten the intricacies of the' '' l|ia1 lie tlJl1 how to recover the outlet. * a'e' nnd k'nc* 'nt this adventute with si»iri» »y«'0«- o\lm de- crilua bath his own and his , . a'V »'mo»'%. magnifying or course there w^' tn '.nc-4nd 8.lurro«-S on'd- Mn.uu.li finctton waa v, J tatlC««ture in hoth, \e\ jli... du ofaS!«r'liddrr'-?.hlI°- Mr:, Hob»,oHhM li«|ntf nothinerbut n 'l)0slllou -nalutully. -'mid dUu.r I08I in the ? ' ^r.avel.cru-ie 't(f- diead in being thud desorbe' ^owo1'01 '.'« ''^i ; Hymn, however, men* a, , own ulJSIt!|y m a Bpec-Um oOxrite ,,, .nnd tihhittoa which moved him to U^uier. .^noir escape from statvution mid buing buueifuiive was truly provideufial. Whilu roaming in a at.»te of despair from cnvo to cell; climbing up umrow aper urcs; their last pino-toroh fa«,t cousunnnu; tntally ignorant of thi-ir position, nn4 nil nrrunlil ' HorkneM, they discover, d. a.s it wf.ebyacckJeut, «ruy of tight glaring to«anl» iln-n, ; -!„.?/ ., ,, „ ,.j tow'tii.U .1 ,,i,d nrriiwd at Iho llH.,llUl ut t ? v . —?LttUs I.'/t of })- run e»»^a— ? — ?aaei i —????- lukum^h s lNQUE-Tsi^-,A Coroner's in-, qit-*t vva* ..hed.Ofi »h« -S2d /instant, at the Plough lnn,JP'»rVtfnia'Ua-'rbad, on an as wi^ned .servant 'to Mr. T. IIiHghe»- b'rower,' named Thomas -Pearson, wh« had been »ent the day before 'wrlh a 'dray 4adeti 'with. beer, drawn by fiv* 'horses, 't« Parra mntta, when, a'fte'r delivering the beer,. ((?'..wiiN on his return-home, sitting'in'lheeinp ly dray driving with the ruiniiu his hand, »n-l when near Iron 'Oova Bridge, lite homes took fright, the reins broke-, ?ird ihpy mn awaj furiously, nor vrere they Kiopprti until thsty arrived at the Plough Inn, without the driver. 'Search Was im ?iifdintety mad. for him, and (he unfortu nate in»n was found lying on one side the road, Ri'ur Dobroyd, then 'quite dead, the wheel having passed over his head and ki 'lad him on the spot. Verdict, accident ally kiilwd by ih« wheel of ft 'dray 'passing over his head. - . On the same evening, another inquest wns held at the Loggerheads, pirblic-*'ouse, Mit'rk ft sreit, on Benjainin Dnllman, who, In twctn three and four o'clock -he same ?lav, l-1«\v his brains out With a gun in his own room, at his lodftng*, Glurenca-street ; hu had secured the door of his apartment inside, and be lor? ??cess could b« obtained lie ?« as quite dead. Fur some time past the poor man had laboured under much deapoadoncy from pecuniary embarras nieni. Verdict, 'destroyed hinwelf in a mo innntary aberatibn of mind, by discharging a gun into his head.' Another Inquest was keld on Monday at the 8iRH of the Steam Packet, Sustex -street, on the body of Thomas Cotter, a wood-cntler, iu the neighbourhood of Kissing Point, who came by his duai.1i tin- (lay previously, in consequence of hurst ing a blood vesne\ .internally. Verdict accordingly. The Agricultural Society, by means of a partial advertisement, notify their inten tion to meet at Walker's Parrnmntta, on Tu***day n-*xt, ♦? to transact a variety of important business.' We suppose it will be the old thing over again. No premiums however . are offered for competition this time. We never expect a re-generation will take place in this society, until all the M'Leayitein, Dnrlingites, Macartfcuriles and their Mammon be cast out. Ii is a pity that lo'mauy gentlemen of intelligence, and res pect bility should' be reduced to a mere nullity through #«cA influence. We hope soon for better things. Mr. Ki'cheln, Attorney General, has taken Mr. George Williams'* handsome Mansion, Hereford-house, which is within live ininuie* drive of towni outside the Syd ney Turnpike/and commands some de lightful vihws. We suspect some of the ?eighbutirittg speculators in demesne and iu:i.ntiipn-maUiiig, have by this time burnt their .figures.. . Anniversary sermons of the Weijey-fcn MiK»i'Jiarie8,are to be preached on Sunday next, by a Mr. Simjison, at 'Matq^uarrie ?tr«et Chapel, in lh« forenoon,, and by a Mr. Ma tit on in the evenin, The annual general meeting is fixed for Monday even ing, when Mr. . M Leay consents to fill the chair as usual. Collection! are to be made an both occasions. Suein^-tlmt land buying, land -/-»{/-?« g-off and selling off, is .ell the rage in Sydney, the ?«' honorable John' we hear means to try , his. hand thai., way, a litth»— -only a little - certain ground, lying being *nd situate between Prince-street and Kent street, with a couple of slip*, called wh.»rfi, in Gockle-bay — we beg pardon, Darling ?Harbour, Who gave it that name! The render need only look into the Rev. official's politieal Catechism ! It is singular with what a modest grace the General bears his blushing honors 1 — how different from Sir: Thomas! ! Instead of outpouring the full vials of liis Wroth against all' puppies' who venture to roam abroad without his Worship's leave and license, us well as the liarbourers guilty or innocent, of all un collared mon grels, we think the Superintendent of Po lice (with all due submission to his ?uperior sagacity), might employ a spare hour worse than in walking the streets, and stopping nuisances in a for worse shape and way. There ;s an idle and a laaty practise which very few of the Sydney carters do not excel in, that of either jogging along on the shnftn of »fc»«ir carts through crowded, atreets, or leaving their horses to find the way' by ..?tl'iein«u|v«s- while they pick out a cle'tfiVuuiiifir table path, perhaps half. a dozen yards aside, or fifty iu the rear of them. Ju cunsetpiunre,. we see instances almost uverjy tluy of horses taking fright, and driving heller. Blither throOgh the stroels to the tjrvat injury of limb, and it may hap pen'- lift', of all wis .Majesty's liege (and loving subjects, who happen unluckily to br.- iu the road ; and infallibly to the alarm »md affright of watchful mothers who must n ltnruHv tremble 'on such occasions for Ihe lives of 'their absent children. If the Police SnperiittiMidehl we say, would take a litllo trouble to pull up a few of those lazy idle carters, and leiich them better manners, it would -bo quite us well ns sitting for three honrxt'ge lit-r murdering the King's fc)ng lish or tvncliing hi* officials how to murder uolioi'iiifd uiont-rols, and then ensconcing hiiii.sf'lf fur one unil tvtcnty more within tin; ?uiug saiM'ltmry of his own domicile. We mipposc when half d'doKan heads m-re are broken, our advice will bu thought soin. thing of. Mnjior Mitchell, Survoyor- G-ehcrn-l, in c'.insecjiujnco of our hints respecting the II Inwrtrrn district last week, means to try a piTSoual inspection. Quite right, if so. — Nothing liUo it -nothing !»'-? trusting to the evidenco of one's own eyes and cars, and not altogether tu those of other people. Had General Darling, (instead of poring ovor, o»tl copying iff, and setting in order musty manti«cipt* and endluBB trains of fi ivolouacoriei io('en -p, which, if woithany thing, arc only worthy tho lot of some f»g .end jut'-u. hundred per annum clerk,) rattled' about the country, inspected the roads, visittd the Betllersiy/arms, seen .with his own. eyes tire state of the colony, and heard with his own ears the people's grievances, and not through the second sight-and se cond gift hearing of Mr M'foay and other confidential udvisers, as wilfully or prac tically ignorant as interested partisan's could or can be— had General 'Darling done so, 'twere well or too'uhl b« for the public nt thia time of day, and belter for himself. If Majer Mitchell be in earnest about what: we have stated, he is iti the right— nothing like it— «« push along— keep moving 1' We would advise Major Mitchell when he sets out, by all means to trust his travelling equipage to a well Inden dray- and try if i»e can-, by '?ny possibility, 'get it dragged to Illawarra with no road. ,P sides Illa warra, there are other places we have in our; mind's eye for impTove'ment— nothing like tt — p'ush along— keep moving JSlore xotatih from the fiahery \— -The Ti gress has brought in all t-u\ a bumper cargo! One h'undml and fifty tuns! and 'tlmt wiilrtti*r2 mi-nths!. The Waterloo has also brought in 40 tuns of oil, with three of bone. We look for the Harriot t- Ann-, Hi-tmony, &c.; &c;» &c.; daily. Fresh ex ports ! We are happy to hear that the Governor' lias made Mrs. Macintosh, widow of the late 'Quarter- master of the *73d, a p reseat of five cows, and the promise of a town /al lotment, as there are aeveral other widow ladies who deserve, and would be greatly.. benefitted byaimilar instances of his lixcel lency's well applied bounty; for example, Mrs. Penson, whose h'uaband long held the trustworthy situation ofCummanrfnr of one of the Government vensels- and Mrs. risk whose husband died in the Colonial pilot service at Newcastle, whose precarious earnings, from a small school, would be essentially enhanced by the addition of a few milch cowst and a small strip of land. Both those ladies have children top young to help themselves, yet totally dependent on the mothers1 unceasing exertions fora daily maintenance. W« hope they will .pardon us for thus vo'untarily mentioning their nflmes; but we could not justly con-, p'iment the Governor for one act ofbounty - without, at the same lime, pointing out how his Excellency might add to that, at least, l wo ac a- more. 