SOME PASSAGES IN THE LIFE \- OF SIR' FRIZZLE PUMPKIN, ' K. C. B. (From Blackwood's Magasine) My brethren of the sword have as- tonished me in nothing so much as in their com- plete maâtery of the pen, and all the graces of com- position. ,Whero they pickod up their style I can nbf in the least make out. The mess-room is sel vdom._redolent of tho flowers of rhetoric, and the camp is, if possible, still less adapted to literary pursuits. It used formorly to be a reflection against the army, that very few members of that honourable i profession were much addicted tov tho Tiahit even of reading;'but'what would Smollett, and other wor- thies, who havo paiiitod, us in such disparaging colours, say to us nt the present day," when there aro few mosses which cannot boast of a considerable number of authors- historians, novelists, and me iríoir-'writérs, and to montion a confused 'and undis- tinguished mifltitudo of politicians and poetsl E\ ery officer now only can read books (which is perhaps tho gieater achievement' of tlie'two), hut is expected 'to write'thera 'also. At all events, if this literary mania doos not soizo us while on active sprvico, anyjnjtervnl of leposo is certain to induce it wTUi'the utmost virulenco. Immediately on retiring . into ' civil life a wondeiful change takes place oven on tho most anti-bookish of onö's messmates. The ojiaulottes expand into reams of foolscap','the sword converts itself into a pen, and the jolly soldier of half a year before, is transmogrified-into nnauthor. The world, in consequence, is inundated with mi- litary sketches';-ladiec'-maids and sentimental rail ".liners havo wept over the soft recollections'of ro- mantic majors ;-mercers' apprentices have handled the yard with the sn agger of a field-marshal, from tho inspiring stories of bloody-mingled ensigns, and, in short, the slang of the camp has becomo as familiar as the words of ordinary conversation. Tho navy also has started in the same glorious pursuit. The gun- room is the scene of many a heroic des- cription. Captains and Lieutenants club to cole brato the honour, virtue, cleanliness, and piotv of the British tars. Yard- arms, taffnls, tarpaulins, gaffs, and booms, hustle each other tinough everv page ; and boys and virgins are elevated and as- tonished at the elegant phrasoology of tho cockpit. My wonder all this time has been, in tho first place, how they can find stories to tell ; and, in the next place, how they can find words to toll thora. For myself, I am*as good as tho best of them at an anec- dote after dinner; ray words come as pat to the pu'rposo as possiblo ; but the moment I take my pen into my hand-presto-all my power of story- telling is gone. Some word appears twico or thrice in the same sentence, my characters become con- fused, and the personages whoso wit is suro to cíente a laugh as I tell the story to my friends at table, uro the stupidest fellow s I over met, when 1 write do^n their facetious responses in black and white. My opportunities of observation have beeii as good as those of any officer of mv standing, and, as I said beforo, how the devil it is that they manage to tell long stones of two or three volumes, while I can't muster a single page, I can by no means di- vino. But though I havo hitherto failed in my at- tempts, I havo not been altogether discouinged. Perserverance, they say, -will oonquer in tho end ; and some of theso days, I doubt not, I shall bo able to manufacture a warlike tale as well as my neighbours. Besides the honour and reputation, there aro other considerations which, it may easily be imagined, would make n successful novel by no moans an unpleasant achievement to a captain on half-pav. Plutus, lam sorry to confess, mingles in all my dieams of fame. I envy Col. C.Thornton ]esg_ for'his inimitable style, and power of descrip- tion, as the menus of raising his reputation, than as j.he means of raising the wind. With such a pep as his_, J should soon be in danger of becoming prouder of my purso than of my glory-my pocket shouldTe-echo " sweet music of n silver sound,'! where now tho jingling of keys" moke the void mirthful without change." But why should I in- dulge in such golden dreams! My confounded fingers grow stiff before I have finished a sentence, and sometimes I give way to despair, and fear I must rest contented as a story-teller, which is very dif- ferent indeed from a story-writer. While engaged with these thoughts, for I assure you I have long been tormented with this literary and money-making ambition, I luckily received an invitation*to pass a few days in tho country with a distinguished military friend. When I name Gono al Sir Frizzle Pumpkin, K-C.B. T.K. &c.; your curiosity will of course be excited to know some- thing of tho private habits of a hero whose public actions have awakened throughout his long and .brilliant career so much admiration. In this I shall only giatify you in a slight degree. It is needless to inform you of hia hospitality, his generosity, and bis winning, and, indeed, his fascinating manners. These are all already sufficiently knov» n. But while on this visit, I was struck with something in his demeanour different from what I had ever remarked before. The General seemed sometimes ill at ease Ilia habitual good-nature seemed on some occasions to be inclined to leave him, and I could easily per- ceive that he was tcozed and harassed more than he cared to shew, by the compliments which a young * Atiôpos. 'nobleman of tho party heaped on him Í confess with no sparing or delicate hand." This I ascribeü to the natural modesty of a brave man-and I loved my distinguished host tho more that 1 saw he shrank from the applauses his actions had deserved. Our time past very pleasantly in spite of these interrup- tions, and 1 began to feel my regret, at leaving so excellent a friend, increased as the day of my depar- ture approached. The rest of tho guests had left us, and tho day before that on which I had fixed to re- turn to my lodging, tho baronet and myself were entirely alone. All tho morning I had noticed some- thing mysterious in his manner. Ho soemed on the eve, every now and thon, of making mo somo com- munication, but suddenly chocked himsolf, and turned the conversation to somo other subject. We dinod, and after dinner when, tho bottle had made two or threo rounds, the General told me ho had something to relato-ho bogan by inveighing more bitterly than I thought the occasion justified against tho courtlv and complimentary lord I have men- tioned. He then, to my astonishment, said somo thing of Ins conscience not allowing him to accept such praises, and on my expressing mv wondor at his squeamishness, he "told me he had long wished for some ono to whom to moko his confossion, and on my faithfully promising to assist him with my counsel and advice, ho filled up his glass and begun as follows : You are aware that I am in possession of what tho world generally considers the highest favours of fortuno. I have risen to a distinguished rank in my profession, iny wealth'is moro than commensurate with my, desires, .my friends, I may say without presumption, are zealously attached to me,-and oil! thede blessings areonliahced by the enjoyment of "Uninterrupted good health. In'tho enumeration of my advantages, it may be necessary also to remind you, that my actions have not been altogether un- known. Reputation, and an honorary additionitOTny name; are the rewards of my achievements. Crown- ing " a youth oMabour with an ago of ease," with every comfort 'which can rationally bo desired, it might be thought1 thoro was nothing wanting to my 'eniire'felicity. But, alas"! thbro is always something to'mar'our enjoyments-" somo fatal remembrance some sorrow that throws its bleak'shade "alike over our joys and our woes?'-and by one overwhelming evil all my blessings are rendered of no avail. When I look around rae,- and see' my fields rich with har- vests, my lawns green with verdure, and remember that they were acquired from a generous and grate- ful country, a pang shoots through my heart, and I feel, with the writhings of humiliation and remorse, that I have not deserved its favours ; that I have raised myself by a life of hypocrisy, and in short, that these 'honours and riches which were heaped upon me as the rewards of my bravery and resolu- tion, 'have been bestowed-upon a crowd—Yes,'on ôno of the most nerveless and pusillanimous of hu- man beings. The praises of the public, tho compli- ments of my friends, the whole paraphernalia of my stars and ribbons, fill me with a loathing of myself. If I had really merited such encomiums, I might h aro felt gratified by their being' so universally ac corded ;-but as it is !-You shall hear : My youth was the most miserable period of my existence. My unresisting and easily intimidated character, made me the slave of any one who chose to domineer over me. Tho school at which I was edu- cated was to me a collection of tyrants, rather than playmates, and though I was good-tempered and attentive, and consequently a favourite with the master, I was buffeted and despised by the very youngest of the boys. The name Miss Molly, by which I was known throughout tho school, suf- ficiently shews the estimation in which I was held ; and if any trick was to be played, any ghost to be raised, any toes to be tied at night, or any one tossed in a blanket for the amusement of the bed- room, Frizzle Pumpkin was sure to be the victim. 'Amidst scenes such as these, -with any spirit which at first I might have possessed, entirely broken, I arrived at tho age of sixteen. Thin as a whipping-post, and remarkably tall for my years, I left the scene of my miseries, and resided for somo months at home. Many consultations were held as to my future destination. My father, a good easy man, spoke in favour of the church, but my mother, who was a woman of spirit, and whose father had been an officer of considerable reputation, would hear of no other profession for me but the army. ¡Their difference of opinion produced the result which might naturally have been expected, namely, complete submission on the part of my father : and at last it was decided that their only hope should gain everlasting laurels as a soldier. This resolution took me entirely by surprise. My dreams at night were of nothing but wounds and blood. -I thought of tho certainty of being' cut to pieces by some tremendous Frenchman ; resistance never entered into my calculations, and as for glory I never could imagine what was the meaning of tho word. In this state of dismal foreboding -my time was passed, and although I dreaded the profession to which I was doomed, still I was too much afraid of my mother's domineering temper, to protest against tho choice she had made for me. A commission was speedily procured, and my fears as the day of my departure approached, amounted to agony. My uniform itself failed to animate my courage, and ray sword would havo remained undrawn for ever, so great was my repugnance to cold iron. My mother, however, ex- tricated it from its sheath with an impetuosity that made me tremble, and praised its make and temper with all the warmth of approval. My military troubles oppressed me beyond expression, even be- fore I left my home. Tho trepidation of my mind on first discharging a pistol, it is impossible to describe ; if any one has suffered shipwreck, or been spectator of an earthquake, or been bitten by a dog notoriously mad, he may form some slight idea of my feelings when I touched tho trigger. Earth swam around me as I listened for the report, and a thousand lights danced before my closely-shut eyes as ray senses seemed to expire in a kind of mental delirium. All this time I must, however, inform you, my fear rosted almost entirely in my mind. My outward man shewed few symptoms of tho internal struggle ; and I am not aware of having betrayed the intonsitv of my terrors on any occasion, unless by an aiK ditional pilene s, and a total incapacity to speak Tho day fixed for my joining tho depot at last came on ; and my courage was, if posstble, diminished by every hour that passed. My father, who evi- dently participated'in my alarms, but did not dare to shew them, talked, with a faltering voice and a tear in his eye, about Westminster Abbey and a peerage, and mado convulsive efforts to be facetious, while it was evident his fears for my safetv were only repressed by his feais of his spouse's dis- pleasure. However, at length the moment arrived, and, after ascertaining of the driver the steadiness and good-temper of bis horses, I stopped into a post-chaiso, and soon found myself in the small country-town of--, where tho depot of my regi- ment was stationed. The introduction of my brother officers it is useless to describe. Most of thom wore young and inexperienced like myself; but, unlike mo, they wore all filled, to overflowing, with enthusiasm for the service, and anticipations of futuro glory. Our timo was spent in the usual way that time is spent by military officers in a country-town. The post-office was regularly visited after parade ; an old billiard-tablo, with a considerable part of tho cloth remaining, was a resourco for two or threo hours ; and lounging from one end of tho main street to the other, shewing ourselves and feathers to the best advan- tage, constituted all the rest of our employmont. My fears now began gradually to abate. There was no immediate prospect of our being oidcred on fo- reign ser vice-,-and tho routine of my oxistenco be- came more agreeable, in the exact pioportion that I found it less dangerous than 1 had expected. As the town of -?- is situated on a river, many parties were of course foimed for boating, and when the weather grew waim, for bathing also. I have always had a horror of the water; but as I was aware that accidents might occur, however carefully guarded against, I lost no time in pro viding myself with a'sustaining belt. In spite, however, of this precaution- and I was assured it wns amply sufficient to support even two men iu the water-I most sedulously'avoided joining my messmates in any of their excursions. I was con sidored quiet and shy, but in general, I be'ievo, 1 was rathor liked than otherwise-so my excuses were taken, and I wa.s left to fo low my own in- clinations in peace. One day, when I was walking qiiietly by the side of the river, in considerable \- I dread that some cows which were feeding in the j meadow might be attracted by my coat, I carno on a si "brandi of the stream, forming.alarg« water tank tbrouglitliVfield ; tmd'oVér this, whioh was of con- siderable width, a plank, laid abroas, noted os a bridge. As I was carefully stepp ng along this rickety pothway, I was arrested by tho shouts of my regimental friends, who were amusing them- selves, as the day wns oppressively warm, by bathing in this secluded part of the river. I stop ped on the plank, and watched their motions for some time, nnd I could not help onvying thom thoir courage in trusting themselves so carelessly as thoy did into the vorv deepest part of the stream. Niit for all the wealth" of India could I have prevailed on myself (guarded as I was with the sustaining bolt, which I constantly wore) to havo done tho same. Thero was horror in tho very thought ; and I was going to continue my walk across tho ditch, and re tiro from so dangerous a vicinity, when I was thrilled by a cry of agony from the water beneath where I stood. I looked down, and in the vory mouth of tho ditch of which I havo spokon, I saw Jack Wharton, the liveliest and kindest- hearted of our set, evidentlv in the greatest danger. He had crept quietly under the sedges at the sido, in order to como upon me by surprise; but unluckily, on arriving almost under the bridge, l.e was seised willi tho cramp in both legs. Ile looked up to me in the greatest despnir.-" Save mo, save me 1" he criod in an agony-*' Oh ! save mo !" and sunk be- low the water, apparently quite exhausted. A thousand thoughts rushed into my brain-I saw his head and pale brow, after coming up for a moment, go down a second time-a dimness fell upon my oyos, a faintness carno over my spirit, and, in the intensity of my approhonsion, I lost mv balance, and i fell into the bolo whore my poor friend was struggling. A little recalled to my recollection by tho plunge, I grasped convulsively at tho nearest object, and, supported by my belt, I made directly for the land. Instinctively I clambered up the bank, still clenching the object I had seissod in the' water. I just saw it was the arm of poor Wharton, and that I had savod him-whoa again my terrors overcame me, and I fainted. When I recovered my senses, I was saluted with shouts i of " bravo, bravo !" "Slowly I opened my eves, and found myself surrounded by my friends; Wharton was still chafing my temples, and calling j me his deliverer, and pouring forth the most profuse expressions of: his- gratitude. Though still shud- dering at my narrow escape, I expressed in a few words my happiness at having been the instrument of his preservation, but I told ' him at the same time, with truth, that my exertions had-scarcely b'eerf voluntary, and that as I"was' quito unable to swim, it was only overpowering necessity which obliged mo to plunge into' the river. The fame of this exploit soon spread through this somewhat contracted' circle of the town of-; my total ignorance of swimming enhanced the merit of my horoio contempt of'danger, and for a woek or two 1 was quite the lion of the parties in tho neighbour- hood. But my gallantry, as it was termed, had a more enduring memorial than the applauses of the beaux and belles of ---. The officers, at that timo in'the depot, presented me with a handsome snuff-box, on which is "au inscription, testifying their high opinion of my merit in plunging in, at the imminent risk of my life, to the assistance of a brother officer.-^This box I of course still preserve, and1 although it is nearly thirty years since the ad- venture took place, I can scarcely now look on that complimentarv testimony to my courage without a Iblush. \- Young "Wharton after that became the warmest of ray friends ; but in my intercourse with him, there was always on my side a feeling of embarrassment. My conscience would . not allow 'me to accept the gratitude which be offered, and my pride would not allow me to confess to him the real circumstances of tho case. -This Struggle within'mysalf produced a coldness in my behaviour, and 1 saw'that the-boy was mortified "and disappointed, that his warm ad- vances were so indifferently received. At length, though it was evident ho .longed foran opportunity to shew his affection for his preserver, as ho still thought and called me, he desisted from cultivating any greater intimacy than had previously subsisted between us. 1 was now considered among mv friends à*person whose courage was- only equalled -by his modesty ; and an idea began to be spread that I was so reckless of .life,- in the pursuit of fame, that under the melancholy and quietness of a Jacques, I concealed the spirit and ambition of a Hotspur. . I shall not trouble you with tho further details of our 'residence at --, nor need ^'describe to you the terror which fell upon me with threofold forco from the hopes I had fondly indulged of security, when a despatch came down for us to join our regi- ment, whioh was just ordered abroad. Our march was conducted without any remarkable occurrence; and in the highest possible ord or, with the steadiness and regularity of veteran campaigners, our new levies made a most imposing appearance when united for the first time to the main body of the regiment, upon" parade. Forces had been colloctpd from a\ quarters, and concentrated at Poitsmouth. Ou'r destination was not as yet known, and my fears wpre accordingly divided between the sabres of the French and the murderous rifles of iho Yankees. Wo .wore detained for upwards of a fortnight by contrary winds, and I confess to you that my prayer* were most fervent and sincere, that tho weather- cock might never change its direction. At last, however, a calm succeeded to the tempest which had restrained us so long; tho transports were an- chored as near to the shore as possible, and on the 17th day of --, in the year-, for I love to ho particular in my dates, 1 bade adieu to the shores of England. The voyage left mo ample time for serious reflection. I was conscious of my own uttor cowardice ; I was aware that on the very first oc- casion of danger I should disgrace mysolf; and I need scarcely inform you that my spirits, naturally placid, were by no means elevated by the contem- plation of my future prospects. The mirth of my companions grated harshly on my ears. I could scarcely believe that thoir anxiety to meet the enemy was not feigned,-and yet disagreeable as the passage was, I could never persuade myself to wish for its conclusion. Our destination "we now found was -. Tha enemy were known to have made every preparation for our approach, and even the bravest of my messmates, though they were doubtful for a moment of ultimate success, expressed their anticipations of tremendous loss in forcing our way to land. The night before wo expected to como to an anchor, my forebodings of evil would not allow mo to rest in my cot ; I therefore wont on deck, and leant despondingly against the mast. Tho moou tfjs high in heaven, groups of soldiers weie lying on tho boards, apparently asleep, and tho only moving objects on tho sceno were the few sailors attending to the nocessary operations of the vessel. With a sort of desperate resolution I had determined to lush upon death and put an end to my tormenting fears at onco,-11 a 1 summoned tomv aidall thatlhad ever heard or read of heroic achievement, and having thus mad e up my mind for the worst that could befall me, I sunk into as! atoof calm and almost self-devoting despair. I wasmteirupted in my reverie by a voice at my side-" Pumpkin !" (it said, " what a glorious moon !" I turnad round, and saw young Wharton gazing intently upon the bright planet; and in my life I think 1 nevor saw so beautiful an expression in any ono's face as at that moment in his. Lan- guidly 1 looked upwards to the same object, and said in a low and subsided whisper, " Yes, very." " Why, you seem in low spirits, considering the noble piospect wo havo before us." Never, you will believe me, could it enter into my calculations, that any one would describe tho hateful ceitaiuty of going into battle as a noble prospect. I accordingly thought he was expressing his admiration of the scenery. " Such contemplations," I said, " are by no means calculated to raise the spirits. There is something so awful and sublime iii the motions of the mighty host now marshalled in such beautiful array within our view, that the,miud sinks under it, and admira- tion is strongly mingled with avvo." " That may be the case," he replied, .' to a phi- losopher, but I never knew any thing ol'philosophy, .md never shall. All that I know or caro for is this that all our Operations are regulated by the com- mander in-chief ;. obedience is all we can give, and if you and I ore lucky, wo shall perhaps be captains within the week." This soon recalled me to the horrors of my situa- tion I painted to myself the contempt with whioh avery one, even the warm-hearted boy who looked to me now with, admiration and esteem, would re card me after to-morrow's fight. My dogged re- solution, prompted by my despair, nlmoit gaye way | and I was undecided whether or not it would be bet- ter to ease my conscience by confessing tho truth to my friend, and rushing at once upon tho disclosure which every hour became" more hidoous to roe bv delay. That it was inevitable, I did not doubt. I had no high fooling to support mo, and I would gkdly have exchangod honour, hopes, and roputu tion, forsafotyaud oblivion. If I could have in- stantly got to a distanco aftor the confossion, I should not have put it off ono moment,-but to be pointed at, jourod, laughed at, ridiculod, spumed, dospisod,-it was too much,-and I resolved to wait pationtly tho course of events, and not precipitate my disgrace by a premature discovery. " Wo shall havo bloody work of it at all events, and a glorious victory, whoever lives to seo it. Wo shall first have to stand the fire of all the batteries ia going ashore ; and after we land, we shall bo at- tacked by the whole army of the enemy drawn up on tho coast,-bullets will be as plontiful as poas in August, and our regiment will have its full share, as we shall most likely bo pushed first to land." "Indoodl" I said, as you may imagine with no diminution of my dislike to honourable service " that arrangement strikes mo to be very unfair. The rost of the troops" "Spoken like yourself: you ore always so kind and considorato-whv, it may be itheir turn noxt time, and they should not grumble if wo'step for once before them/into tbe'field of glory." ' ' ! " Oh no, I havo no doubt they don't envy our situation in the least. For my own part) if I were in their place"- " '_ " You would be in a devil of a passion at being kept behind-But however I-expect great things from you to-morrow. I phall he very happy if>(l can only follow your example. The eyes of the whole regiment are upon you, and all of us expect' something quite out of the way." . 1 " They will most probably not be disappointed,", I said with a bitter -consciousness-"-Ii have' no! doubt thoy will BOO many things to amaze them." [ " Howl have you fixed on any plan! That you will distinguish yourself, I havo no doubt ;" but if in doing so you íequire the assistance of another,'my my sword, my life, which Lowe'to.your'intrepidity, is at your service." , r " , ¿ I My feelings became bitterer and more irritable? ° J every instant that our conference lasted. I hated the brave young fellow who thus offered every thing in his power to aid my roputation ; for you may bo, sure your truo coward bates no man for any thing so much as for his courage. While!'was musing on the difference between our dispositions, he again asked me most eames ti v by what means I hoped to render myself distinguished 1 Worked into a state 'of' frenzy by this harping on what was to mo the most disagreeable subject in the world; hating, the army, him, myself, > and all the universe, I grasped him by the arra, and said slowly and distinctly-" By exposing myself! Mark my words,-and remember what I havo told,you." Having made this confession, I lot his arm go ; and as I slowly turned-away to'hido my agony and humiliation, instead of his ey.es being turned on me with the contempt I deserved, they were fixed with a look of generous enthusiasm. " For God's 6ake," he "whispered, " do not expose yourself too muoh-but wherever you are, I sholl be at your side. God bless you, good night." Day carno at length, and land'was descried at the distance of less than twenty miles. Expectation was raised to the utmost height. Officers were busied in all parts of the vessel gazing intently through their telescopes. For myself, I felt no curiosity. ' I knew that all places were alike to me, and I remained amidst that busy and inspiring scene, in apathy and silence. Every'minute revealed to us more distinctly the features of the shore. An abrupt hill, at a little distance from the soa, thickly studded lHth itrees^and brushwood, was crowned by a battery apparently of considerable size. To the right of this a thickly-wooded district stretched out as far as the eye could reach, while on theleft a level country was spread to an immense extent, and admirably adapted for the manouvres of an army. The object of our chiefs, we could easily divine, would be to seize the commanding height, and we could not doubt that so important a station would be defended to the last. Exclamations of joy and do light burst from the gazer's as the scene gradually unfolded ita beauties. The height was evidently manned by a very strong detachment, while largo masses of infantry were distinguishable on tho plain. To an unprejudiced «yo tho coup-d'csil would have been wonderfully striking, while no inconsiderable part of the beauty of the prospect, would have been derived from the transports and ships of war cover- ing the whole sea with a white cloud of canvass. Every heart excopt my own bounded with anima- tion ; but, alas! with mo the sensation was onlv one of ineieased misery and despondence. Two frigates were Beut forward to demolish the battery, and cover the landing of the troops. How nobly this scrvico was performed it is needless for mo to mention,-the noise of the cannon sunk mi into tenfold confusion ; tho smoko rose in denso wreaths, and under cover of tho bombardment, the boats pushed to land. Of my own behaviour, I can give you no account. Listening only to the thunder of the arti'lery, thinking, I suppose, of nothing, but in a state of complete torpor and bewilderm-nt, I took my station in tho boat. We soon found our- selves drawn up on the shore ; and a shout, which fur a moment drowned the roaring of the guns, shewed the enthusiasm of our men, and the success of our enterprise. Mechanicallv I marched along with the others rushed up the hillock of which I have spoken, and after a melee mingled with many horrid sounds, half-maddened with groans, shrieks, shoutings, and exclamations of every tone and nature, I found myself alone. Awakened a little from my amazo mont, by this appalling discovery, I looked around me. Our troops bad pushed most gallantly up the hill, but just as some of the foremost had crowned it, a large reinforcement of tho enemy met them at the top, and by overwhelming numbers, repulsed ve with increditahle slaughter. How it occurred I have never been able to guoss- but alone, on the hostilo side of the hillock, cut off from our own forces, the bravest might have been excused for giving himself up for lost. I saw no possibility of escape, unless by concealing mvself in the thicket to the right, and I accordingly diiectod my course to the nearest clump. Suddonly the earth was shaken boneath mv feet, and on looking round to the place from which the noise proceeded, I saw a chargo of our own ca- valry which had deployed round the base of the height, upon a regiment of the enemy's light horse, stationed under its cover. Tho fate of the attack was not long doubtful. The enemy began to waver, and in a short time a completo rout took place. Horses in great numbers, wild and unmanagoablo, rushed past me on every side. In momentary ex- pectation of being cleft by some retreating horse- man, or trodden to death by the hoofs of his charger, I shrieked and halloed, but luckily the enemy wore generally more frightened than myself. ? In tho despair of the moment, although from my childhood in tho utmost terror of trusting mvself on horseback, I determined, as tho only chance of avoiding being ridden over, to seize some masterless charger, and trust to good fortune for the rest. I luckily soon caught one as it galloped past me, and climbed into the saddle. In on instant the horse continued its flight, and badly as at all times I rode, and half delirious as I was with alarm, I rojoicod to see that its speed would soon get me out of the crowd. Intently anxious to preservo ray seat, I clung with desperate energy to the mano, and un- fortunately mv sword, which I still retained in my hand, was jerked by tho tossing of my career against my faco, and inflicted this ghastly wound, of which you seo the mark upon my biow. BIy hoisa with untired speed continued its fight, and was ovidently gaining rapidly upon those who had fled befoio. lu particular, I saw I was following exactly in tho track of an old officer, evide itly of distinction, whose horse gavo t kens of fatigue. The blopd, I perceived, was trickling froTi several wounds it had received, and I began to bo dieadiullv alarmed that its rider, when I should overtako him, Wj'uld blow oat my brains with the pistols at his holsters. In this state I managed to ca'ch hold of the reins, bat, alasi' I found that I had li't'e power m reducing my horse's speed. Just, however, 03 I got up with the officer I so much dreaded, I succeeded in check- ing my terrified animal, and assumed something, approaching to an upright seat. The officer seeing; me at his side, and recognising the English uniform, pulled up his horse at the same time. " The fortuno of war is yours," ho said,-" I yield myself I prisonor." Saying this, he bowed, and presented I me liis sword.. jBew.ilderod withVthe whole adven- ture, and - scarcely "believing* tho reality* of my safoty, I bowed m "return, and took.advantage'of tho slop to which my horse had come to turn him round in hppos of rejoining our own forces. My prisoner, who was wounded and .fatigued, rode de jectodlv at ray side. I confess I was under conside- rable alarm lost he should reiract his surrender, and porhnps turn tho tables upon his captor. But luckily ho cntortained no suoli idea. Our cavalry bud gone on m pursuit of tbo main body of the fugitives, and we still saw them, though at a groat distance, furiously engaged. Of the fato of the battery and forces on the hillock, I was of co'urso ignorant, and was in prodigious alarm leal I should fall into the enemy's hands bofore rejoining our army on the beach. My fears, however, wero vain. On rounding the eminonco, still accompanied by my prisoner, we found oui solves in presence of the victorious British foi ce. My fase being covered with clotted goto, and being altogether excited by my terrors to a, degree of fe vor, my appearance must have created some surpriso among our troops. By good fortuno I rodo up to the station of my own regiment, where I had been long given up for lost. Tho joy.of ray {companions was warmly and loudly expressed, and I soon waa observed by the Geno tal, who happened at that moment lo be passing along tho line. His acute eye saw immediately how affairs were placqil. He called mo to him, enquired my name and rank, and complimented mo highly on my behaviour. My prisoner, in order I supposo to account for his own surrender, related some won- derful instances of my valour ; and his rank being no less .than lieutenant-general I tho enemy, added no littlo reputation to my exploit. The isauo of this battle,' so far as I am concerned, is soon told. I was raised to (a captaincy on the spot, and sent home with the despatches. In the general's account of ^tho engagement, the following passage ocourred : -" Allow rae also to recommend to your notice Captain Frizzle'Pumpkin, the bearer of -this des- patch, 'throughout the affair his conduct was the admiration of the wholo army. Alone and sur- rounded by the enemy, he dismounted a trooper, sprung pn his.charger, and succeeded, in the face of his own forcoa,|in capturing and securing Liou tonant-Goneral tho Baron Do--. I consider my-i pelf indebted, to his calm yet daring courage, for raising the spirits of the troops to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, and 1 íegrot it is not in my power to bestow on bim a reward adequate to his tran- scendent merita.' ' (To be continued.) 