Advance Australia Sydney Gazette SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1831. We learn from Captain Ramsay, of the Britannia, that at Launceston he saw a Hobart Town paper, which must have been of a later date than has yet reached Sydney, in which the arrival of the Surrey was reported. She has merchandise and passengers for Sydney : among the latter are Mr. and Mrs. Paul, sen., and two Wesleyan Mis- sionaries, intended for the Parramatta and Windsor stations. The last number of the Quarterly Re- view (i. e. the last in the colony) has a powerful article on tho " Moral and Po- litical State of the British Empire." Headed by the titles of nineteen politi- cal pamphlets, it yet winds up the list by saying, .' Cum multi» aliis quo nttnc prescribcre longum est." They are of various character, but combine to show in how unsettled a state is the present political temper of the nation--a point so clearly illustrated, and so ably and feelingly discussed, by the reviewer, that no lover of the monarchical constitution of his country can peruse the article without sighing over the ravages to which that constitution is exposed in these change-loving days. The balance of our triple government has already been vir tually dorangecl. The democratical scale has obtained a greater preponderance than is compatible with the prosperous co-operation of King, Lords, and Com- mons ; and much is it to be feared, that there is now at work a spirit of innova- tion-a spirit of rash experiment-a spirit of growing disregard for the crown and the aristocracy,-which threatens to un- dermine tho throne, to disunite the ele- ments of our national character, and throw England back upon those rudo days when the clamour for liberty ended in the iron despotism of a fanatic usurper. Among the conductors of that stupen- dous machine, the Press, there is a large proportion of those who neither fear God nor honour the King ; of men who re- gard religion as a bondage to the intellect, and monarchy as an idle pageant, inimi- cal to " the rights of man." Liberty is their idol-but an idol existing only in their heated imaginations, as unlike the liberty suited to the circumstances of mankind, as the day-dreams of youth are at variance with the aober facts of experience. These writers have of late bestirred themselves with unwonted activity. The last revolution in France gave them a wondrous fillip. It flattered their hopes-redoubled-their self-importance added to the brass of impudence already glaring in their visage-and infused into their pens a spirit of defiance and outrage characteristic of their principles, and worthy of their cause. This is the age of reading, and, as a consequence, of writ- ing too. The poor read now as much as the rich. Books and tracts are supplied to them with a profusion unparalleled in any former age, and at prices which bring them within reach of* the lowest circumstauces. But unfortunately, the poor are more accessible to the de- magogue who, under pretence of main- taining their rights, poisons their peace with discontent and envy, than to the faithful counsellor who gives them " good doctrine", connecting their duties, and toils, and privations in the present world, with the bright rewards of ano- ther and a better. Hence, the apos- tles of infidelity and sedition find in the press an easy avenue to emolument and popularity. Their brains are but lightly taxed for the trash crowded into their sheets, while thousands are ever ready to devour that trash as fast as tho press can supply it. Hence such ephemera as ' The Peoples' Book,' ' Cobbett's Letter to the King,' and his ' Political Register,' ' Carpenter's Four penny Papers,' * Hetherington's Penny Papers,' &c.; &c.; &c.; &c.; The last men- tioned of these precious publications is, without exception, the most outrageously seditious with which an enlightened em- pire was ever insulted. We know not in what terms it can be sufficiently charac- terised. Even " seditious" is an epithet far too mild. Its abuse of the King is not political, but PERSONAL-grossly, wantonly, insolently personal. Since England first had a King, many trea- sonable villains have brought " railing accusation" against their liege lord ; but we never met with, we never heard or read of, save, perhaps, in the mad days of that arch-traitor, Oliver Cromwell, of such daring attacks upon the royal person as are contained in these ' Penny Papers'. The people are exalted into gods-the Sovereign and the aristo- cracy are degraded into brutes. The multitude are entreated, nay commanded, I to pursue the King on his way to the , theatre, and " to deafen the royal ears with their cries of distress." " Thunder," says this virtuous instructor,-" thunder out lustily for constitutional reform shout for' NO HOUSE OF PEERS,' ' NO ARISTOCRACY !' Petition for ' A General National Indepen- dent Guard'; tell him, ' if he will assist the people, the people will assist him' ; and above all, desire him to read the PEOPLE'S PENNY PA- PERS!" " And what's the King," it is asked," more than a monopolist, who compels us to employ him, and pay him his own price ?" " It is the cause of the " rabble" we advocate; yea, the " rabble" are the only beneficial class of the community." " Henceforth, we shall divide the com- munity into three classes,-aristocracy, petty householders, and ' rabble.' We will teach this rabble their power." We quote the following from the Quarterly Review: " Having given the King's Speech; having said that ' William Guelph calls himself King of England, but he had better get the people to make him King of the English, and for ever to remain so by consulting their greatest possible hap- piness; the King of England is not the King of the English, nnd until he is, there will be nothing but misery and slavery in the country;' having said, ' We defy and deny the self-elected consti- tution, and the laws it has made ;-having said of the King's declaration in his speech ' that he reflected with the highest satisfac- tion on the loyalty and affectionate attach- ment of the great body of the people,' that it was ' a most foul, most wicked, and most premeditated lie ;' this writer proceeds to say " ' Now, whether William be or be not a good man-whether this Speech be his or Wellington's-it matters not- it is the speech of a TYRANT-and William de- livered it. Let him enjoy the DIGNITY of his CROWN, supported as it is, by the distress of his people, and graced with the execrations of millions of sufferers'! ! ! " ' Let us instantly concert measures for establishing ' A General Union of the Peo- ple.' Let the whole country assemble by duly and equally elected deputies ; let us swear to faithfully abide and be organized by the decision and direction of our re- presentatives, and let them determine what the people should do ; and let the plan of election be that which Mr. Cobbett lias published in his last week's Register. We invite the immediate formation of a Com- mittee to effect this desirable object. -« « Nov. 5.-Grey is the man who would die in the last ditch to defend his order. Probably he may be gratified." ' After quoting part of Mr. Brougham's speech, when tbe address was moved, the writer says " ' Now what will the » great lawyer' do for you, fellow-countrymen ? You sec hi reform ? me prefer our monarchy and aris- tocracy ! ! we object to 'both, but we will consent to tolerate them if equally repre- sented in the Commons. He says, the people of England are quiet because they love their institutions. We say the people of England are not quiet because they do not love their institutions ;-and love no- bility too ! psha ! we are sick of answering NONSENSE !" ' In the same day's paper there is the fol- lowing notice : " ' We hear it is in contemplation to im-" mediately arrange a public meeting to con- sider the formation of a " National Con- vention of the People's REAL Represkn tatives," and also the establishment of a ' National Independent Volunteer Guard to watch over and defend the rights of the People against the possible oppiessions of self-elected Tyrants." ' " ' Nov. 8.-At a crowded meeting of the British Co-operation Society held at the Mechanics' Institution Theatre, on Thurs- day last, Mr. Edmonds waving his arm decorated with a broad bright tri-coloured wristband, uttered the following sentences amid thundering cheers: " ' Gentlemen, the king's speech, to use a theatrical phrase, has been damned by the whole nation. The Horse Guard speech was a signal for every honest Englishman to mount the tri-coloured riband. Wear it, every man of you, on the Lord Mayor's day." ' " . Let us now, in answer to this, again beseech our fellow-countrymen to refrain from any thing like violence : let us, by the force of truth, overthrow injustice and op- pression. On the 9th, let us, one and all, demand our rights of our so soon unpopu- lar King-and let us not waste our breath in asking redress for merely the effect of evil ; let us strike at the cause, and cry, with one voice, for a REFORMED CON- STITUTION-" no oligarchy"-" no House or Peers"-" THE BALLOT." Let His Majesty hear the real voice of the people, and let him bend before its thun- der ! But let us beseech you not to vent your rage and disappointment upon such a secondary evil as the unfortunate police ; recollect that they themselves are mere ser- vants of the Constitution ; and who, in hard times like the present, can blame his fellow-countrymen for accepting any em-1 ployment, even at the hands of their self elected Governors ? " ' We are informed that it is almost in- credible the number of Sword-sticks, blud- geons with daggers in them, &c; &c; that have been purchased lately : it is impos- sible to execute the demands for them ; gunmakers and cutlers have also an im- mense pressure of business ; this is not to be wondered at, considering the danger of the times-the moie especially as several expounders of the Gospel have been preach- ing from Chtist's words (St. Luke, ch. xxii. v. 36),-" And he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one." ' Such is the execrable stuff with which the people of England are now regaled by an active and all-pervading press ! The poison is no longer disguised ; the political arsenic is vended in open day, its true name impudently inscribed upon its very wrapper. Tho " rabble" are not taught by covert and insinuating means, but plainly and in so many words, to des- pise their King, to demolish the Consti- tution, to assert their own absolute supre- macy, and to seize upon the possessions of their superiors as their own rightful pro- perty ! Surely this broad, unmodified libe- ralism will teach the reflecting part of the community to pause, ere they lend their sanction to the removal of the an- cient land-marks ofthat fair constitution, which it cost our ancestors so much blood to wrest, as well frdni mob domination as from feudal despotism. What tyranny so horrible as that of the lawless " rab. ble'' whose cause is here so hotly advo- cated, and to whose passions these scrib- bling villains so shamelessly, so infa- mously pander ? Their physical power, once worked up from its inert tranquil- lity, may well be said to make armies insignificant-aye, helpless as the chaff] before the wind. How loudly, then, areij nil the lovers of ordor, of justice, of vir- tue, of rational liberty, called upon to rally round the Throne and the Constitu- tion, and to do all that in them lies to support the Church and State of good Old England ! Pauper Labourers.—Our corres- pondent, Australasiaticus, seems to have misapprehended the terms on which it is proposed by the London Emigration Committee to furnish the colony with pauper labourers. As we stated in our number of the 21st ult., the expense is estimated at £12 per head, of which the English parishes are willing to pay two thirds, leaving the remaining £4 to be met by the settlers on receiving the men. Bar Dinner.-The members of the Bar will this evening dine together at Cummings' Hotel, being an adjournment of their professional meeting of last week to consider the proposed new rules of practice. Dinner enters into all John Bull's notions of public business. He can never so well digest his affairs, as when digesting his roast beef and plum- pudding. The Missing Constable.-Renewed exertions have been made to discover some trace of Watersworth, the Parra- matta constable, whose mysterious disap- pearance was mentioned in our last. On Wednesday, Captain Wright, the active Police Magistrate, accompanied by Major Bouverie, Mr. John Thorn, Mr. S. Horn, and a party amounting to twenty-five in number, devoted the whole day to a dili- gent search in every direction they could think of; but, we regret to add, they met with no clue whatever to the constable's fate. The Gentleman's Magazine.- Only think of our worthy Centenarian contem- porary having been prosecuted for a libel, for the first time ! The old gentleman, it seems, had reviewed a work on heraldry, in a manner unpleasant to the author; and the author had recourse to the wretched law of libel, in the hope -of catching a farthing or a shilling damages, and thus punishing his critic with the usual ruin- ous expense by which justice is defeated, and the reverse clone. Ile was non- suited : and if he had not have been so, there must have been an end of all fair and honest criticism.-Literary Gazette. Thursday's Market.-Nearly two thousand bushels of wheat arrived in town for this week's mnrket, most of which waa taken to the mills for disposal. Generally speaking the quality wus good ; but some of that exhibited in the market place was injured bj smut. Prices a slight shade in advance. Ma.ze, too, was very abundant, nt'a re- duction. Barley, oats, and rye, scarce. Tho sup- ply of butter, particularly fresh, was inadequate to the demand, and consequently retninod former quo- tations. Cheese, bacon, and salt pork, very plen- tiful, as also eggs and poultry ; the former, as will be seen, very cheap. Butchers'meat is still at th» samo prices. Tho vegetable market was but indif feiently supplied with produce, willi the exception of potatoes, of which there were profusion, mostly very good, and considerably lower than last week. Hay and straw, a good supply-prices stationary. A shoemaker, from up the country, was robbed on Wednesday evening of about ,^50 in notes, and leather to the value of £2 more, in tho following manner:-On arriving in town, ho went to the house of an acqutintance, who is n shoemaker also, in Market-stroot, where he met with some others. After drinking a glass of grog together, ho rose for the purpose of going out to purchase some leather, when one of the men ofFered to accompany bira, to which he assented, and they went together. In paying for it, he pulled out his pooket-book, containing the money, which was observed by the other, who conveyed the infor- mation to the rest on their going back to the house. Tea was then brought forward, and some more grog; after which they decoyed bim outside the door, knocked him down, and plundered him of the property above described. He immediately com- municated tho affair to Hamilton, the policeman, who proceeded with him to the house, and suc- ceeded in finding part of the leather on the pre- mises, but none of the money. Two of the parties concerned he nlso apprehended, but the other has, for tho present, escaped. His person, is however, too well known to leave him any chance of even- tually eluding tho hands of justice. As Meredith, the district constable, sta- tioned on the Parramatta road, was patrolling on Tuesday night, ho observed, through tlie shutter of a but inhabited by aman named Cooper,n bush rangersitting, togotherwith Cooper'swifenndanother man, the whole of them play ingat cards and drinking rum. He accordingly demanded admittance, but the inmates recognizing his voice refused, on which ho forced the door, and caught the former in the act of creeping under the bed, and pulled him out by his legs. A smait scuffle then ensued m which Meredith was proving victorious, when the other fellow caught him in his arms and held him till the bushranger got away. He again pursued and over- took him, and finally succeeded in capturing his man, after ti very desperate encounter, in which ho was severely bruised. The new watch-house, the erection of which was commenced several months back, at the corner of Kent and Druit-stroots, remains in statu quo, the hands having boen romoved to other em- ployment. The Surprise, steam packet, is to take a trip to-moirow to Middle Harbour. Her accommo- dations for passengers are greatly- improved. A person, whilst in a state of inebriety, fell from the rock opposite the Market Wharf, on Wednesday evening, and broke one of his legs in two places. The bakers have advanced the price of bread during the past day or two. On what pre- text it is some« hat diflicult to imagine. We call the attention of the public, to an alteration in the place at which the sale of a valuable herd of horned cattle, the property of Sir John Jamison, is to be held, on the 18th instant. The sale will take place on Sir John's farm, called the " Dog trap," within two miles of Parramatta, on the Livcrpo 1-rond, iustead of at Regentville, as originally advertised. Polite slaughtering of an ene m\\.-At times, an Indian warrior, when about to kill and scalp a prostrate enemy, addresses him in such terms as the following : " My name is Cashegra : I am n famous warrior, and tun going to kill you. When you reach the land of spirits, you will seo the ghost of my father : tell him it was Cashegra sent you there." The up hftod tomahawk theu descends upon his victim. 