ON PERUSING THE ODE FOR 1831, OR THE Good Joke for the whole of that Year, Continued from our last. RHYMO (by Young Toby), in continuation. Thy loyal compliment forsooth, Inspir'd by loyalty and truth (And here my verse I must divide, The pen of jest I cast aside, Lest it one random shaft should fling, At Britain's honor'd, sacred King! Perish the base disloyal muse, That would his name in mock'ry use; And long live England's ruling Star! His people's pride! their Royal Tar!) To Stella with his ruddy face, My tickled fancy next gives place; Pray tell me, poet, is not he, Some good wheat-growing deity? Saint Paddy's Dean once task'd his pa- tience, To cube the names of all the ancients, And find their roots; so fain would I Trace Stella's etymology; The wife of Hector, by Swift's rules Was purely Scotch; altho' some fools Would have her of a Greek descent-- But Jonathan's shrewd argument Soon stopp'd their mouths--what could they say? He prov'd, her father old Mackay, Had Andrew for his christian name, And she being like him bore the same. Even Hector, to his dying day, Call'd her his dear Andrew- mackay (An dromache); And now great poet, give me leave, To take your Stella by the sleeve, And twirl him round a turn or two, As Swift the ancients used to do. Stella! ah, Stella! there's a chime In thy dear name with olden time, When itching fingers own'd thy sway, And steal, ah, steal, was fun and play. Then let me mingle with the past, The precious word, that both may last, While many a person yet shall feel, The magic touch of Steal ah steal! [Exit Rhymo.] Song (Jack Straw). Then away with your deep erudition, For which such respect many feel, A Botany Bay definition, Can construe Stella to Ah steal. Goostrum foodle, &c.; [Exit Straw.] (Old Chum). Joys transported! how divine! From Woolwich or what coast? But you, perhaps, mean in that line, The joys we once could boast. [Exit Old Chum.] (Rhymo.) Oh wond'rous ode, From the Cowpasture road, Which sets our commerce on the wing, But people say, 'twill fly away, Tho' Gazzy says it's no such thing. She may look shy, But her keen eye Is piercing, and she can look straight; Hurrah for Tax, The Council's Acts, Will always keep the wench agait. "Yet there's a few, a faithful band," Who scorn your berths and grants of land: Oh, Laureate Bard how these lines chime, Was ever purer smoother rhyme! [Exit Rhymo]. (Enter Bombastes). ''A faithful band!" Old Rome fall back and hide Thy sons of yore who glow'd with patriot pride! Hence snivelling Marcus Curtius--nor presume To call thyself the ransomer of Rome, And thou "the noblest Roman of them all," Who sided, yet who wept great Caesar's fall, Fall back, or at respectful distance stand, Behind this honest fronted faithful band, Who wait in expectation--"By Command." A blister on bold faction's tongue, Thatfain *** ******* *** would wrong; Whose fostering care has gain'd him such a name, That tens will praise him, tho' whole thousands blame: But they are shouting Ingrates! Well, I swear, That of our blessings they shall not have share, I'd hang the mildew'd rabble to a man, Ere they should have one sop in our Colonial pan. [Exit Bombastes.] (Rhymo). But oh! what words my muse, can fire, To blazon forth thy praise? For such predictions as inspire The closing of thy lays! And when these things shall come to pass, How will the Official sing! Whilst thou and I and many an Ass, Shall make the welkin ring. Till then brave band hold firm your posts, Nor heed poor Sudds' or Mills's ghosts; Sir G------- at home will lead the van, In spite of Hume and Irish Dan; The Monitor will yet make smoke For calling thy sweet Ode a Joke, And wattled wreaths thy brows to crown, You'll have when next you come to town! 