Van Diemen's Land News. (From the Tasmanian, Sept. 24.) THE LIVELY.--We had the pleasure of conversing with Captain Avery, of the cutter Lively, and of inspecting that remarkably fine little vessel, which being but a Cowes pilot boat of about 40 tons, has semi-circumnavigated the globe, and in its most forlorn and dangerous regions. We un- terstand that this fine cutter was fitted out as ten- der to the Tula, by the owners, those very enter- prising oil merchants and ship-owners, the Messrs. Enderby's, of London The two vessels left the Falkland Islands together, and when in a very high southern latitude, separated in a very heavy gale of wind. The Lively never again saw her consort until she rejoined her in this port. During five months, Captain Avery pursued his instructions in the midst of the icy Polar region, until having lost all her crew but himself—one man, and a little boy, (which latter had the misfortune to have his hand shattered to pieces, by the accidental falling of the boat upon it) he put into Port Phillip in the very utmost state of distress. There, while himself and his two surviving companions were on shore, en- deavouring to obtain refreshment, the vessel was either driven away, or carried off by the natives, and after the lapse of a fortnight, when they gave themselves up for lost, and were so exhausted by want of food that they were unable hardly to move, they fell upon her by accident in one of the bays of that port. Captain Avery is a plain sailor-like man, but extremely intelligent and well-informed. His adventurous spirit may he well understood, from the fact, that when he took command of his vessel, he alone, of the whole on board, could either read or write ! so that had accident confined him to his bed (to say nothing of a more serious result), the vessel's course through the trackless ocean, must have been left to the gracious care of Divine Pro- vidence! We understand that very important dis- coveries have been made by both vessels, which, if they safely reach England, will abundantly reward their speculative owners. We believe this is the only instance where the great expense of a voyage of discovery has been incurred by private owners. Before the return of these vessels to England, great interest will be excited to learn the history of their interesting voyage, which of course will be made public, as far as the interests of the owners will permit. (From the Launceston Advertiser, Sept. 12.) DREADFUL OCCURRENCE.—It is our task this week to notice one of the most terrific oc- currences arising from the effects of drinking, that has come under our observation since we have been in the Colony. On Tuesday last, a man named Wallace Turner, with some companions, came into Launceston, and were accommodated with lodgings for the night by Mr. Feutril, a respectable inhabi- tant. Mr. F. had two brothers in the house with him, one of whom, James, was to sleep with Turner. To treat his friends, Feutril sent for wine ; and the evening being passed with the utmost convivality, the parties retired to rest. Turner being very much intoxicated. Towards morning James Feutril was astonished by finding himself suddenly grasped by his bed-fellow ; and, almost at the same instant, Tur- ner exclaimed, " now I have got you," and inflicted a wound with a clasp knife upon the unfortunate young man, of the most dreadful description. The stab was between the shoulders, and the knife drawn over the shoulder, and down the arm, to the length of fourteen inches. Feutril instantly ran into his brother's bed-room, exclaiming he was stabbed, upon which his brother went into the other room, and there saw Turner standing with the knife in his hand. He called upon him to lay down the knife, which he re- fused to do, and made towards the elder brother, who, finding the wretched man in such a desperate state, ran to his gun, and having in vain endeavoured to keep Turner off, was at length compelled to knock him down with the butt end of the piece. Being thus stunned, the wretched man was dragged into the street, and the door closed upon him ; but such was his desperation, that on recovering himself, he attacked the door with the most dreadful impreca- tions. By this time the nature of young Feutril's wound was discovered, and surgical aid called in ; and the constabulary coming up at the moment, the man Turner was secured and lodged in custody, where he still remains, pending the surgeon's report. The life of the wounded man is not despaired off ; but little hopes are entertained of his recovering the proper use of his arm.—Since the occurrence, Turner has written to the elder Feutril, stating that he did know what he was about, and expressing the utmost contrition. Indeed, no cause can be assigned for the assault but the demoniac effects of insobriety. SHOCKING ACCIDENT BY FIRE.—On Saturday last the inhabitants of Launceston, in the vicinity of the wharf, were thrown into the utmost consternation by the cry of ' fire !' It being by day- light, a crowd was soon collected, when it was dis- covered that the cause of alarm existed on board the Britannia. Dense volumes of smoke, mingled with flame, were observed to rise from that vessel lying alongside the new wharf; buckets were in imme- diato requisition ; all was confusion and terror. The fire had, it seems, commenced in the galley, where the cook had too abundantly supplied the coppers with wood, and such was the alarming progress of the flames, that in three minutes the whole was—ex- tinguished ! The prompt exertions of the crew and by-standers having stopped the progress of the de- vouring element, the Captain proceeded to ascertain the damage, which, on inspection, turned out to be greater than was anticipated. Besides the injury done to the cabouse, by the destruction of sundry square feet of tarpauling, it was discovered that some of the boarding had been destroyed. We re- gret to add, that six individuals narrowly escaped losing their—dinners. SEPT. 19.—FUNERAL OF CAPT. THO- MAS AND MR. PARKER.—On Friday, the remains of these two gentlemen, whose untimely fate has occa- sioned such a sensation in this town, were convened to the tomb, followed by most of the respectable in- habitants, including the civil and military officers. About one o'clock the procession moved from the Commercial Tavern. To see the remains of two men, cut off in the flower of life, and torn from their families and connexions—the effect of mistaken humanity, founded on the proposed conciliatory measures of our Government—borne to the silent tomb, could not fail to create the most heart-rending feelings. Such feelings were visibly depicted in the countenances of the followers, who, as they bent their way with sad and solemn step in the sad train, seemed for the time absorbed in their regret for the two murdered citizens—for two worthy individuals, untimely victims to savage treachery, barbarity, and atrocity. TASMANIAN. — We were happy to observe that at the lecture on Perspective, delivered on Wednesday, the auditory was even more numerous than usual. In the course of the lecture a number of copies of the drawings of the Aborigines were exhibited, which excited con- siderable curiosity. These drawings are the most rude that can be conceived. They consist of straight lines, but so disposed that the ideas of men, snakes, trees, kangaroos, dogs and cattle, were conveyed. Some of them were so truly hierogliphical, that it was impossible to determine for what they were meant. We have been informed that the Govern- ment were furnished with copies by the gentleman who saw the originals in the bush near the bend of the Freestone Creek, between Swan Port and Mount Henry, scratched on the white bark of the trees with charcoal. For the sake of our English readers we regret we cannot give a figure of them. GRANTS OF LAND.—With reference to the notice which appeared in our last respecting applications for Grants of Land, we would submit that the applicants ought in justice to have their half crowns refunded, which they have paid for their forms of application, now rendered nugatory by the new regulations. FINE BOAT.—We have hitherto omitted to notice the fine boat building by Mr. Doddery, about 20 tons burthen, upon a peculiar construction, to go over the shallows of the River Tamar. She will be launched in about a fortnight or three weeks. A GOURMAND.—We have heard, but scarcely can credit it, that a little man, weighing not more than eight stone, has offered for a trifling wager, to eat his own weight in meat, and drink his own weight in malt liquor, besides such bread and vegetables as he may require, in the course of four- teen days.—A tolerable good appetite this. MEAT.—The butchers state that the expense and trouble of taking their cattle to, and bringing their meat from the Slaughter-house, is so, great that they cannot sell for less than they do, 5d. to 7d. per lb. Monstrous ! considering the low price of cattle and sheep. We learn that the Lieutenant Governor is to be at St. Paul's Plains this day, to meet Mr. G. A. Robinson. We suppose to confer with him on the subject of the Aborigines. On Tuesday last Mr. Batman and his party, accompanied by the Sydney natives lately arrived, proceeded to Piper's River, to join Mr. A. Robinson. The local Government seems willing to meet the wishes of the people relative to the Dog Act. A circular has been addressed to the magistrates requiring the opinions of each, with proposals for the modification of this unpopular act, preparatory to its being brought before the Council. BRICKS.—So rapidly have the build- ings been going on lately in Launceston, that bricks have become very scarce ; so much so as nearly to stop the improvements: £2 10s. was actually offered and refused for 1,000 during the week. The remain- der of the same kiln were sold not long since for 23s. and 25s per 1,000. MECHANICAL PERFORMANCES OF THE ANCIENT EGYPTIANS.—Connected with the stu- pendous undertakings of the Egyptian architects, there is an occurrence mentioned by Herodotus, to which we shall merely direct the attention of the reader. Alluding to a temple erected at Sais in honour of Minerva, the historian observes that what, in his opinion; was most of all to be admired, was a sanctuary brought by Amasis from Elephan- tine, consisting of one entire stone. The carriage of it employed two thousand men, all sailors, for the whole period of three years. The length of this edifice, if it may be so called, was twenty-one cubits, the width fourteen, and the height eight, it was placed at the entrance of the temple ; and the reason assigned for its being carried no farther is, that the architect, reflecting upon his long fatigue, sighed deeply, and thereby alarmed the superstition of the king, who considered it as a bad omen. Some, however, affirm, that one of the men em- ployed in working a lever was crushed to death, an event which discouraged Amasis and induced him to desist from his enterprise. We know that the practice of erecting monolithic temples, or sanctua- ries hollowed out in a single stone, was very general in Egypt ; some striking specimens being still pre- served in the higher parts of the country. But we question whether the power of modern mechanics could remove from the quarry, and convey to the distance of four hundred miles, a mass of rock thirty- two feet long, twenty-one broad and twelve in height. It is only in a nation where the Pyramids continue to bear witness to the astonishing effects produced by labour and perseverance that such things must not be pronounced incredible. The obelisks, too, some of which adorn more than one capital city in Europe, prove that the resources of the Egyptian engineer are not to be measured by the progress of similar arts, at the same period in every part of Italy or Greece.—Edinburgh Cabinet Li- rary, No. 3. LORD BYRON'S DOUBLE.—In the latter end of the year 1811, I met, one evening, at the Alfed, my old school and form fellow, Peel, the Irish Secretary. He told me, that in 1810 he met me, as he thought, in St. James's-street, but we passed without speaking. He mentioned this, and it was denied as impossible, I being then in Turkey. A day or two afterwards, he pointed out to his brother a person on the opposite side of the way. " There," said he, " is the man I took for Byron." His brother instantly answered, " Why, it is Byron, and no one else." But this is not all : I was seen by somebody to write down my name amongst the inquirers after the King's health. Now, at this very period, as nearly as I could make out, I was ill of a strong fever at Patras, from the malaria. If I had died then, this would have been a new ghost- story for you.—Moore's Life of Byron. UNCHANGEABLE COSTUME. — The Asiatic people never change the fashion of their dress. From one generation to another the same forms, folds, decorations, and colours descend un- varied. They never laugh at their grandmothers, and are totally inapprehensive of the humour of quizzing an old square-toes. They have a notion of a by-gone age, and they partake of the universal feeling of veneration for the wisdom and virtue of the good old times, but it is altogether a moral and not a formal notion. They have no peculiarly quaint form in which to dress out ancient virtue. They have no picturesque recollection of high-crowned hats, or flowing perriwigs, or tamboured waistcoats, or high-heeled shoes, or head dresses grazing the moon. The Father of the Faithful wore precisely the same kind of turban and vest as are now worn by the gayest dandy of a Mussulman.—Asi tic Journal. CURIOUS METHOD OF SPLITTING. Rocks.—In the granite quarries near Seringapatam the most enormous blocks are separated from the solid rock by the following neat and simple process. —The workman having found a portion of the rock sufficiently extensive, and situated near the edge of the part already quarried, lays bare the upper surface, and marks on it a line in the direction of the intended separation, along which a groove is cut with a chisel about a couple of inches in depth. Above this groove a narrow line of fire is then kindled, and maintained till the rock below is thoroughly heated, immediately on which a line of men and women, each provided with a pot full of cold water, suddenly sweep off the ashes, and pour the water into the heated groove, when the rock at once splits with a clean fracture. Square blocks of six feet in the side, and upwards of eighty feet in length, are sometimes detached by this method. Such a block would weigh nearly 500,000 pounds.—Heischel's Discourse on Natural Philosophy, in Dr. Lardner's Cycloædia. THE CROWN OF THORNS.—On the credit of this treasure, a sum, amounting to about £7,000 of our money, had been borrowed by the Emperor of Constantinople ; the time stipulated for its redemption approached ; and, if not redeemed, its property would become absolutely vested in Querini, a Venetian who had advanced the loan. Louis of France, who had been canonized for his devotion, profited by the opportunity, and, after an agreement with Baldwin, discharged the debt and conveyed the relic to Paris. The Sainte Chapelle was built and consecrated for its reception. It was jealously guarded and magnificiently enshrined, and, after the lapse of four centuries, on one of those occasions by which, as a correction of human pride, the weakness of the good and the follies of the wise are permitted to exhibit themselves in strong light, by being produced as a voucher for enthusiasm, it excited the surprise and curiosity, the credulity or the scepticism, of all the Christian world. The frequency of imposture has, no doubt, attached much both of ridicule and suspicion to the gene- rality of relics; and the silly pretensions to mira- culous virtue which have been asserted for them, have increased these unfavourable impressions. But I know not why those vivid emotions, that glow of affection, that veneration and love with which we contemplate other monuments of wisdom and of virtue, should be repressed and chilled when we turn to like memorials of our faith. If the reputed crown of thorns was really that borne by our Lord during his sufferings, or (what in the present instance is the same thing) was really be- lieved to be such, the piety which covered its pos- session demands not our sarcasm, but our respect.— Family Library, XX—Sketches from Venetian History. LITERATURE. — A work has been published in France with the title of " Universal Peace ; or, the Philosophical Marriage of Commerce with Agriculture and his whole Family," 