SIR WALTER SCOTT ON DEMONOLOGY AND WITCHCRAFT. (From the Literary Gazette.) " The remarkable circumstance of Thomas, the second Lord Lyttelton, prophesying his own death within a few minutes, upon the information of an apparition, has been always quoted as a true story. But of late it has been said and published, that the unfortunate nobleman had previously determined to take poison, and of course had it in his own power to ascertain the execution of the prediction. It was no doubt singular that a man, who meditated his exit from the world, should have chosen to play such a trick on his friends. But it is still more credible that a whimsical man should do so wild a thing, than that a messenger should be sent from the dead, to tell a libertine at what precise hour he should expire. * * * * " The following story," continues the author on the same point, " was narrated to me by my friend Mr. William Clerk, chief clerk to the Jury Court, Edinburgh, when he first learned it, now nearly thirty years ago, from a passenger in the mail coach. With Mr. Clerk's consent, I gave the story at that time to poor Mat Lewis, who published it with a ghost-ballad which he adjusted on the same theme. From the minuteness of the original detail, however, the narrativo is better calculated for prose than verse ; and more especially, as the friend to whom it was originally communicated, is one of the most accurate, intelligent, and acute persons whom I have known in the course of my life, I am willing to preserve the precise story in this place. It was about theeventful year 1800, when the Emperor Paul laid his ill-judged embargo on British trade, that my friend Mr. William Clerk, on a journey to London, found himself in company, in the mail-coach, with a seafaring man of middle age and respectable appear- ance, who announced himself as master of a vessel injthe BaXtic trade, and a sufferer by the embargo. r In the course of the desultory conversation which takes place on such occasions, the seaman observed, in compliance with a common superstition, ' I wish we "may have, good luck on our journey-there is a magpie.' ' And why should that be unlucky V satd my friend. ' I cannot tell you that,' íeplied the Tfl'ailor;' ' but all the world" agrees that one magpie rhodes had luck-two are not so bad, but thiee are tthe devil. 1 ^ever saw thrqo magpies but twide, and once I had neaflost my vessel, and the second Ï fell from a horse, and was hurt/ This conversa fion led'MñClcrk^o observe, that he supposed ho believe4 also in*ghosts, since he credited such -fcugûrîesi' ' And if I do/said'tbe^sailor, 'I may have nsz-'own reasons for doing so ;' àud he spoke ?this in a deep and serious manner, implying thnt he , felt-deeply "whaflie wa« saying, On icing further urged, ho, confossod,thnt if ho could believe his own eyes, thero was one ghost at least which he had aeon ropeatedly. He then told his story ns I now, relato it. Our marines had, in his youth, gone mato of a slavo vessel from Liverpool, of which town ho seemed to be ft native. The captain of tho vessel was o man of a variable temper, sometime* kind and courteous to his mon, but subjoot.to fita of bumour, dislike, and passion, during which ho' was vory violent, tyrannical, and cruel. - He took a porticular dislike at one sailor aboard, an elderly man, called Bill Jones, or some puch nama. Ho seldom spoko to this person without throws and abuse, which the old man, with the license^which sailors take in a merchant vessel, was very apt to return. On one occosion, Bill Jones appeared slow in getting out on tho yard to hand a sail. The captain, according to custom, abused the soaman as a lubberly rascal, who got fat by leaving his duty to other people. The man made a saucy answer, almost amounting ( to mutiny; on which, in a towering passion, tho cap- tain ran down to his cabin, and returned with a" blunderbuss loaded with slugs, with which ho took deliberate aim at the supposed mutineer, fired, and mortally wounded him. The man was handed down from'1 tho yard, and strotchod on tbe deolf, evidently dying. He fixed his eyes on tho captain, and enid, . t>ir,~you havo' done for mo ; but'lmeijer will leaveyou.' The captain,in return, swore ot-him for a fat lubber, and said ho would have him thrown into the slave-kettle; where they mado food for the negroes, and see how much fat he had got. The man died ; his body was actually thrown into the slave-köttle ; and'the narrator observed, with a naivete which confirmed the extent of his own belief , in tho truth of what ho told, « There was not much ¡fat about bim after'all.' The captain told the crew ¡they.must keep absoluto' silonce oh the subject of i what had passed; andas the mate was not willing to give an explicit and absolute promise, he ordered îhira to he confined below. After a day or two, he (came(to the mate, and demanded, if he had an inten- tion to deliver him up for trial when the vessel got home 1 The mate, who was tired of close confine iment in that sultry climate, spoke his commouder fair, and obtained his liberty. When he mingled among the crew once moro, he found thom im- pressed with the ide», not unnatural in their situation, that the ghost of the dead man ap »pcaro'd among them when they had n spell of ¡duty, especially if a sail was to be handed, on which occasion the spectre was sure to he out upon the ynrd before any of the crew. The narrator had seen this apparition himself repeatedly-he believed the captain saw it also, but he took no notice of it for some time, and the crew, terrified at the violent temper of the man, dared not call his attention to it. .Thus, they held on their course homeward, with .great fear and anxiety. At length the caotairi in- vited the mate, who was now in a sort of favour, to go down to the cabin,, and take a glass of grog with him. In this interview, he assumed a veiy grave and anxious aspect. ' I heed not tell you, Jack,' he said, .' what sort of hand we have got on board with us-Ho told me ho would never leave me, and ho has kopt his word-You only see him now and then, but ho is always by my side, and never out of my sight. 'Afthis very moment I see him-lam determined to bear it no longer, and I havo resolved to leave you.' The mate replied, that his leaving the-vessel-while out-of the sight of anv land was .impossible. -He.ndviscd, that if the captain appre- hended any bad conseque'nces from what had hap- pened, he should run for.the west of Franco or'Ire- land, and there go ashore, and leave him, the mate, to-carry tho vessel into Liverpool. The captain only shook his head gloomily, and reiterated his determi- nation to leave the ship. At this moment tho mate was called to the deck for some purpose or other, and the instant he got up the çomp'iuiion-la'ddcr, lie heard a splash in the water, and looking over the ship's side, saw that the captain had thrown'himself into the sea from the quarter-gallery, and was run- ning astern at the rate of six knots an hour. When j use about to sink, he seemed to make a lost exertion, sprung half .out of the water, and clasped his hands towards the mate, calling, ' By-, Bill is with me now !' and then sunk, to be seen no more." And here must be our " no more" also. The mystic web of our review is finished ; and we have only to repeat, that a mote interesting volume for all ages, and a moro propor volumo for the correction of idle'phantasies in the young, could not havo been written. St. Dunstan's Church.-On the 24th of September the whole materials composing this ancient edifice were brought to the hammer, preparatory to the putting m force Alderman IVuith mnn's Bill for the entire removal of the structure. The scene of devastation which the interior of the church exhibited, can hardly be described ; it was a complete mass of uptorn joists and dilapidated pews : even the pulpit came in for a share of the general wreck. When the church was rnised is a matter of great doubt. Tho first recorded funeral which took place in the parish is in 1421. Another proof of its great age may be found in the fact that it was dedicated to St. Dunstan, an Archbishop of Canterbury, who it appears died A.D. 990. It escaped the great fire of 16C6. Of the curious projecting clock, and the striking figures, the parish îecords évidence that the clock-maker engaged to the parish " not show the like.", Whether he succeeded or not is another nffnir ; but the wondering crowd which daily assembled in front of the church «{one o'clock, to soo the figures come down to dinner, according to popular belief, would warrant the supposition that the ingenious artist who executed the workman- ship had succeeded in his project. Most of the curious mural monuments in tho church previous to tho sale, were removed by the friends and descend- ants of those in memory of whom they had boen erected. The most beautiful of these was a marble sarcophagus to the memory of Sir Richard Hoaie, Knt, Lord Mayor of London, in the memorable year 1745, and some others. The following are the prices of some of the reliques:-The statue of Queen, Elisabeth, which now stands in a niche m tho eastern wall of the church, ^16 15s. The painting of St. Matthew, on stained glass, "£2 lOs. Tho stained window, "£"4 5s. The pews and other wood-work brought the customary prices. The clock and figures were not sold. RAIL-WAY EXCURSION.— On the 25th of September, at five minutes before eight o'clock, the Northumbrian steam-carriage left Liverpool with 130 passengers, and arrived nt Manchester in one hour and fifty minutes, which time included a delay of twenty minutes in getting a supply of water for the engine at the Sankey Viaduct. In the evening it returned with 120 passengers and three tons of luggage in one hour and forty-eight minutes, which included a stoppage for water of sixteen minutes. This is the first journey performed for hire. The rail-way is now open to the public. The passengers were principally members of the Society of Friends, who went for the purpose of attending the quarterly meeting of their body in Manchester. On Friday an engine and train of carriages were three times despatched to Liverpool, carrying 241 passengers : and about the like number arrived at Manchester, by trains which left at corresponding periods of the day. The six trips were severally performed, on the average, in about one hour and forty minutes. News for the Londoners.— The Voleur, a Paris paper, says,— " London presents quite the appearance of Paris. The principal streets are hung with tri-coloured flags, and one sees every' where nothing but cockades, ribands, purses, and handkerchiefs, of the three colours ; so national has our glorious revolution become in England." — Fudge. LIBERALITY.— Mr. Robert Fenwick, lately, established at Choisy, near Paris, supplies one half of the milk necessary for the Hótel-Dieu, a contract which requires from 4,000 to 4,500 litres a month. This respectable gentleman has made an offer to the director, who has accepted the generous proposal, to furnish gratis the whole quantity of milk, from July 26, so long as there shall be at the Hótel-Dieu any of the men who were wounded in the memorable contest. POLITE FEELINGS.— In the Times of September, an account is given of the preparations for Mr. Huskisson's funeral, and, among other things, of an application to the Duke of Wellington to attend as one of the mourners ; to which it is stated his grace replied, " that nothing would give him greater pleasure than to pay this last token of respect" &c.; &c.; &c.; Itftho late elections, it is undoubtedly true, that independent men were gep,erally success- ful in opposition to servile adherents of all adminis- trations, whom the Duke of, Wellington, being in possession, {».entitled to call his friends. It is truo, also, that tho friends ofvthe ministry, to whose merita (when they^ have nny) ample justice is generally done, were in some cases, from causes connected with the 1ato Cntholie question, unjustly treated ;-«for example, Mr. Dawson, who has be oomo peculiarly odious to the party which he once supported in Ireland, by his monly and decided conduct. But in all popular places in England, the result of thoolections is only connected with the» Catholic question in this rospect-that the settle- ment of that subject of'dispdte has removed n cause of cross divisions and mystifications out of the wny, and afforded room for the exercise of the probity and independonco of many of tho electors, who were formerly deluded, but not corrupted. Does this result then show a marked enmity among the people to the Duke of Wellington's administration 1 We think not. We seo no sign» of unpopularity in the reception of the Duke of Wellington, the head of the administration, wherever ho shows himself, but rather a prevailing persuasion, which we hope he may justify, that while he is personally firm in the execution of public duties, and somewhat peremp- tory towards individuals, he is prompt to consult tlio interest and wishes of the people, and to obey cheerfully and oven zoilously, the public opinion, when it is decidedly expressed in favour of mensuies which he does not conceive to bo injurious.-Morn- ing paper. Some most tumultuous proceedings havo recently taken place throughout the county of Kent, arising from'the outrageous conduct of agri- cultural mobs of the lower classes going about demolishing the thrashing machines of the farmers. 'We live in a strange and ominous period for literature. In,books, as in other manu- factures, the great aim seems the abridgement of labour": the idlest work is the most charming. People will only expend their time for immediate returns of knowledge ; and the wholesome and fair profit, slow but permanent, they call tedious in letters and speculative in politics. This eager yet slothful habit of mind now so general, has brought into notice an emigrant and motley class of litera: ture, formerly, in this country, little known and less honoured. We throw aside our profound re- searches, and feast upon popular abridgments ; we forsake the old march through elaborate histories, for ' a dip' into entertaining memoirs. In this our immediate bias in literature, if any class of writing has benefitted more than another in popularity and estimation, it is the Novel. Readers now look into fiction for facts, as Voltaire, in his witty philosophy, looked among facts for fiction.-Paul Clifford. The King has signified his 'intention pf opening tho now s Parliament in person, until which time, or pearly so, h>s Majesty was to re- main at Brighton. 'As tho Regency Bill, the sup- plies, nnd'tho state of affpirs on the Continent,'aro measures that will be immediately brought forward, nnd may be expected to create some warm dis- cussions, an adjournment, in all likelihood, will not take place so eaily as has generally been imagined. The Duke of Brunswick, has set up his rest at-Belraont-house^Vauxhall, where he and his brother, when children, lived and were educated,, His mode of living is cheerful but private ; ho has visited the public place3 without the assumption1 of rank. Some eveningS'Ogo, just as he was popping his bond into a box atone of the theatres, he was saluted from the stage with the ominous cry of " Vive In liberte !" His sereno Highness was ruined, looked angry, foolish, and afraid .in a sé quenco ;-glanced at the stage, darted n look at the pit, caught tho oye of somebody, and bolted out of the box. Charles the exile" has^taken "W.avdour, ) Castle, not by force of arms but by transfer of stock. Lprd Arundel gives up his wardenship to the above named on the tenure of grand serjeantry. , Charles is to pay homage to Arundel, and the sum of one thousand pounds, or ton knight's fees of yearly fine. His suit and service further extends to the shooting of all intruders on the os'tate, and the right of setting the young teriiers together by the ears. The Prince and Princess .Carolath, and two interesting daughters, are among the most distinguished guests at tho Palace at Brighton, and particularly honoured by the King and Queen in the various entertainments and excuisions thov are en joving. On the occasion of tho birth-nay of the eldest Princess, in September last (to whom the Queen is godmother), a large and distinguished party, among whom were the Baron Bulow and fa mily, were invited to déjeuné and n variety of amuse- ments, followed by a splendid dinner, and in the evening a grand performance in the Palace of the equestrian troop. His Majesty has conferred the honour of the Hnnoverinn Guêlpbio Order on the Prince Carolath, declaring he can never forget that his Highness is the cousin 'of the Queen. They will visit, in a few days, the Palace at Hampton, Kew, and Windsor Castle, and return to their residence at Givart's Hotel, from whence they will rejoin their Majesties on their excursion to Portsmouth. Tbe ex- Royal Pamily of Prance will in all probability make England their permanent residence, since the commotions which havo taken place in Saxony, havo rendered that kingdom an unsafe asylum for them, and the government of that country has formally refused to accede to his request to make that country his finnl residence. The Duchess of Berri has not yet returned from her tour, and the other portions of the family havo lived very retiredly with the exception of the young Duke de Bourdeaux and his sister, who often ndo in the neighbourhood of Lulworth accompanied by their attendants. Some London papers have stated that the ox-King talks very freely with his visitors respecting the late occurrences in France ; we are however assured that he never sees company, and that in his conversation with the other inmates of the castle, he rarely speaks of the events which led to his exile. He attends much to his religious duties, and seldom leaves the castle. It is said that an eminent capitalist has purchased for him "£300,000 in the consols ; and that the present French Go- vernment has gran*ad him about .£240,000 per annum. ' IIu^an Vegetation.-The natu- ralist says, of a treo, or a plant, or a blossom, "it has, or it has not, attained maturity ;" but the Irish journalist, knowing how rarely the young nobility come to yoars of discretion-as the attainments of their majority impoit-speaks of " the human form divine" as if,it were an oak, or a melon, or a cucum- ber, or a narcissus, or a pine-opple. Ex. gr. " It is expected, when Lord Boyle arrives at maturity, it will be celebrated with splendid festivity and illu- mination at Castlomartyr." ' Animal Magnetism.-The profes- sors of this art in Germany pretend to have disço veied the means of plunging animals into magnetic sleep. A German pnper mentions Sovoral'ieal or pretended instances of success. Representations of Liverpool. The right of election in this town, as declared hy a resolution of the House of Commons, dated March 5, 1729, is admitted to be in the mayor, bailiffs, and freemen not receiving alms, and the supposed num- ber of electors is estimated at 3,000. The last con- test for the honour'of representing this important town in Parliament was at the general election in 1820, whpn the candidates' weie Mr. Ctiuning, who was then President of the Board of Control, General Gascoyne (the present sitting member), Dr.Cromp- ton, and a gentleman named Leyland. The two latter, however, were left in a woful minority, only polling 470 votes out of 2,162. . Liverpool Rail-Road.-The rail- road is now in full operation, and locomotiva carriages are constantly running between this .town, and Manchester. The time occupied by this jour- ney of thirty-two milos is announced by the com- pany to bo two hours and a quarter, bat this includes all stoppages, the actual time occupied in running not exceeding one'hour and throe quarters. The covered conveyances run three times a t day each way,p takin? any number of passengers ; for one of the conveniences of this modeVf travelling is, that the places areVever'booked full. 'l£ tbe'ûsu^ntim Ber¡of vehicles'will not accommodate'the persons desirous of going",another, or a second, or a thirui is attached in less than halfa minute, nor is tbegpeed of the'jourpey in any.way'detonórated by tho addi 