'ADDRESS. SIR. 1We' approach you to 'communicate to you dur sincere and honest sentiments upon" your conduct, whilst filling the exalted situation, from the cares of which, our Patriot King has been graciously pleased to relieve you. ,Unlike your flatterers Messrs. Jones, Berry, .and Icely, we ,will address you with .candour -we will neither deceive your understanaing, nor rise a blush upon your cheek by unme *rited praise. We admire you Sir as a man.of industrious ,habits; as a sober and careful parent; as a liberal and generous relative; we only regret, that your paternal feelings have not been ,more displayed in the advancement of your ,political family, and that we should only per ceive the fruits of your acknowledged industry, by increased burthens and useless regulations. We enter deeply into the melancholy feel itigs which must fill your breast, when you compare the state of this Colony on your as ,sunming the command, with its present unhappy and almost ruined condition; .when you reflect .upon the fate of numbers your policy has ,ruined -..particularly of one whose affrighted niind drove him to self destruction. 'Where .Sir shall we look for a subject which Awill afford room for praise ? Even the ima. ginative Jones, seconded by the happy Icely. and supported by the .profound ,Berry, have become -distracted in the search? Shall we talk of an improved Police ? Alas Signor *Rossi l! the ghosts of Donahoe and Webber forbid it. Shall we praise the economy intro. .duced into' the public offices ? Alas T. C. Harrington, you must first be sent back to .Ca.lcnttP I Shall we cast our eyes towards the Bay ? M'Leay forbids it I Shall we exatnine the improvements in our law ? Behold the Press and impounding Acts I Shall we journey into the bush and look for the fruits of your wisdom and exertionsin the construction of roads and bridges ?' We ,hear of jobs! of old cows I We arrive at .Maitland.and find a bridge and tolls I In.these v?e may admire your prudence and fraternal oodness, :but pot your imparti.lity. We ac. knowlede ,the propriety of making provision foir your botshers, but w.e would vet.ture.to siggest, it should have been made from your own funds.;: On your arrival here, a wide field of useful. -nesswas -opened before you. It was in your powver by offering encour%emehts to draw to wards our shores the tide pf.emiigratioa. ?he reputatiop~of the .Colony was higl. It saik under tkhe4ifluaenceof your name and your -egulations. "It was in your power to have improyqv ~ he character of the people by ex. .tending to them gradually but systematically those instiutiions which in England make t.ue honesp man look up without .fear, and the knave tremble. The early attempt at a stamp act, and the late one at transportation, shewed theinwjad.w.orkings of your mind. We m?ust not transgress the proper limits of ans Address, 'nor detain you longer on ;hese pPi.nftl lsubjects. We are . F sured yeupr~Pdop .o r freedom in tlus recqrding as honest men our sentiments upon:tdhe,errors ..ptyo.ur Administration. May ycu never for. ,get'ahen., Reflection (we do not yet despair) ,may.improve your sentiment ts andrender the respect and esteem of the public a matter of greateri iinportanc.e in your eyes than your ,policy here has indicated. We are, Sir, , &c.; &o.; &c.; ..it " t ?" ?t ct .? , 