MISCELLANEA. TERMINATE Mr.Editor - As the literary character of the Colony seems advancing, and Van Diemen's Land even bids fair to be connected with the name and printing of the "last new novel," allow me to offer a receipt for writing novels, tales, and such like, which I can assure your Readers, the celebrated Lady Morgan, of potato fame, has pronounced to be a never-failing one. \- Your humble servant, A CONSTANT READER. Would you a fav'rite novel make, Be sure your readers' hearts to break ; 'Gainst nature, reason, sense, combine, To carry on the main design ; To the ingredients I shall mention, Add a fall share of mere invention. Of Love take first a full proportion, It serves to keep the heart in motion ; Then JEALOUSY - a powerful zest - Of all-tormenting passions best ; Of HORRORS, mix a copious share, And DUELS you should never spare ; HYSTERIC FITS at least a score, Or should you find occasion, more ; But fainting fits you need not measure, The ladies have them at their pleasure ; Of sighs and groans take no account, But throw them in as one amount ; A frantic fever you may add, Some ladies like a lover mad ; Rack well your hero's nerves and heart, And let the heroine bear her part - Talk of her eyes, her shape, her air, Her dress, the color of her hair, Ply her with terrors, day and night, And keep her always in a fright ; For instance, if she walk abroad, Quick bring some wicked amorous lord, Who with three ruffians snaps his prey, And to some castle speeds his way ; There, close confined in hall or tower, You leave the captive in his power, Till fortune aiding her one day, She scales the walls and flies away. Now you contrive the lover's meeting, To set your readers hearts a breaking ; But ere they've had a moment's leisure, Be sure to interrupt their pleasure ; Provide yourself with fresh alarms, To tear them from each other's arms, No matter by what chance they're parted, So that you keep them broken-hearted. A cruel father some prepare, To drag her by the flaxen hair ; Some raise a storm - or some a ghost - No matter which may please you most. But one thing you will well observe, That when you've wound up every nerve, With expectation, hope, and fear, Hero and heroine must disappear. Some fill one book, some two, without 'em, And ne'er concern their heads about 'em. This greatly rests the author's brain And any story that gives pain You now throw in - no matter what - However foreign to the plot. A masquerade, at which a peer Had something whispered in his ear, At which he's likely to run mad - A son that's murdered by his dad - A rake turned hermit - a fond maid 'That loves too well and then's betrayed. These stories suit well the female pen, Which writes them o'er and o'er again ; And readers always may be found To circulate them round and round. At length, when every woe's expended. And your shred volume's surely ended, Clear all mistakes, and introduce Some tattling muse to cut the noose. The spell thus broke, the lovers meet, Expiring at each other's feet ; And ere their senses they recover, You drop your pen - the tale is over. 