PASSAGES FROM THE DIARY OF A LATE PHYSICIAN. i THE SPECTRAL DOG-AN ILLUSION. (From Blackwood's Magazine.) The age of ghosts and hobgoblins is ~ gone by, says worthy Dr. H I Liebert and so, after him says almost every body now-a-days. These mysterious visitants are henceforth to be resolved into mere optical delusion, acting on an excitable fancy, and an irritable nervous temperament ; end the report of a real bona-fide ghost, or apparition, is utterly scouted. Possibly this may not be going too far, even though it be in the teeth of some of the most stubborn facts that are on record. One, or possibly two, of this character, I may perhaps present to the reader on a future occasion ; but at present I shall content myself with relating a very curious and interesting case of acknowledged optical delusion and I have no doubt that many of my medical readers can parallel it with similar occurrences within the sphere of their own observation. Mr. D-was a clergyman of the Church of England, educated at Oxford scholar, " a ripe and good oneness man of remarkably acute and powerful understanding ; but, according to his own account, destitute of even an atom of imagination. He was also an exemplary minister; preached twice, willingly, every Sunday and performed all the other duties of his office with zealous fidelity, and to the full satisfaction of his parishioners. If any man is less likely to be terrified with ghosts, or has less reason to be so, than another, surely it was such A character as Mr. D-. He had been officiating on Sunday evening for an invalid friend, at the latter's church, a few miles distance from London, and was walking homewards enjoying the tranquillity of the night, and enlivened by the cheerful beams of the full moon. When at about three miles distance from town, he suddenly heard, or fancied he heard, immediately behind him, . the sound of gasping and panting, as of a dog following at his heels, breathless with running. He looked round, on both sides; but seeing no dog, thought he must have been deceived, and resumed his walk and meditations. The sound was presently repeated. Again he looked round, but with no better success than before. After a little pause, thinking there was something rather odd about it, it suddenly struck him, that what he had heard was nothing more than the noise of his own hard breath- ing, occasioned by the insensibly accelerated pace at which he was walking, intent upon some subject which then particularly occupied his thoughts. He had not walked more than ten paces further, when he again heard precisely similar sounds ; but with a running accompaniment if I may be allowed a pun-of the pit-pit-pat-pattering of a dog's feet, following close. behind his left side. " God bless me !" exclaimed Mr. D-aloud, stopping for the third time, and looking round in all directions, far and near ; " why really, that's very old very Surely I could not have been mis- taken again V He continued standing still, wiped his forehead, replaced his hat on his head, and, with a little trepidation, resumed his walk, striking his stout black walking-stick on the ground with a cor- bin energy and resoluteness,, which sufficed in re-assuring his own flurried spirits. the next thirty or forty paces of his walk Mr. D passed over " erects curious," and hearing nothing similar to the sounds which had thrice attracted his attention, was relapsing into his meditative mood when, in a few moments, the noise was repeated, apparently from his right-hand side; and he gave something like a start from the path-side 22: into the road, on Yearling the calf of his leg brushed i passes he described it-by the shaggy coat of his invisible attendant. He looked suddenly 'flown, and, to his very great alarm and astonishment, he held the dim outline of a large Newfoundland dog of a blue colour ! He moved from the spot where he was standing the phantom followed him he rubbed his eyes with his hands, shook his head, and again looked ; but there it still was, large as a young calf, [to which he himself compared it,] and had assumed a more distinct and definitive form. The colour, however, continued the same faint blue. He observed, too, its eyes Like dim decaying fire cools, as it looked up composedly in his face. He poked about his walking-stick, and moved it so pointedly through and through the form of the phantom ; but there it continued-indivisible-iinpalpo blowing short as much a dog as ever, and then the stick traversing its form in every direction from the tail to the tip of the nose!- Mr. De hurried on a few steps, and again looked there was the dog ' Now the reader should be informed that Mr. D-. was a remarkably temperate man, and had, that evening, contented himself with a solitary glass of port by the bedside of his side brother ; so that there was no room for supposing his perceptions to have been disturbed with liquor. ' What can it be I" thought he, while his heart knocked rather harder than usual against the bars of its prison-" oh, it must be an optical delusion oh, 'is clearly so nothing in the world worse ! that's all. How odd stand he smiled, he thought a very unconcernedly but another glimpse of the phantom standing by him in blue indistinctness instantly darkened his features with those of appre- Tension. 'If it really was an optical delusion, it was the most fixed and pertinacious one he ever heard of The best part of valour is discretion, says Shakspeare and in all things ; so, observ- ing a stage passing by at that moment, to put an end to the matter, Mr D--, with a little trepidation in his tone, ordered it to stop ; there was just room, for one inside and in stepped'Mr. D-, chuckling at the cunning fashion after which he had succeeded in jockeying his strange attendant. "Not feeling inclined to talk with the fat woman who sat next him, squeezing him most unmercifully against the side of the coach, nor with the elderly grazier looking man fronting him, whose large dirty top boots seriously incommoded him, feeding his eyes, that he might pursue his thoughts undisturbed. After about five minutes' riding, he suddenly opened his eyes and the first thing that met them was the figure of the blue dog, lying stretched in some unaccountable manner at his feet, half under the seat I " bishops THE DOG does not annoy you, sir!" enquired Mr. D-^-, a little flustered, of the man opposite, hoping to discern whether the dog chose to he visible to any one else. I "" Sir!" exclaimed the person he addressed start- ing from a land of close, and staring about in the bottom of the coach. " Lord, sir!" echoed the woman beside him. A DOO, sir, did you say 1" enquired several, in a breath. " Oh-nothing-nothing, I assure you. 'Tis a little mistake," replied Mr-, with a faint smile; " I-I thought-in short, I find I've been dreaming and I'm sure I beg pardon for disturbing you." Every one in the coach laughed except Mr. D---, whose eyes continued riveted on the dim blue outline of the dog lying motionless at his feet. He was now certain that he was suffering from an optical illusion of some sort or other, and endeavoured to prevent his Thoughts from running into an alarmed channel, by striving to engage his faculties with the philosophy of the thing. He could make nothing out, however; and the Q. E. D. of his thinking startled him not a little, when it came in the shape of the large blue dog, leaping at his heels out of the coach, when he alighted. Arrived at home, he lost sight of the phantom during the time of supper and the family devotions. As soon as he had extinguished his bed-room candle, and got into bed, he was nearly leaping out again, on feeling a sensation as if a large dog had jumped on that part of the bed where his feet lay. He felt its pressure He said he was inclined to rise, and make it a subject of special prayer to the Deity. Mrs. D. - ' asked him what was the matter with him 1 for he became very Cold and shivered a little. He easily quieted her with saying he felt a little chilled and as soon as she was fairly asleep, he got quietly out of bed, and walked up and down the room. Wher- ever he moved, he beheld, by the moonlight through the window, the dim dusky outline of the dog, following wherever he went! Mr. D-opened the windows, he did not exactly know why, and mounted the dressing-table for that purpose. On looking down before he leaped on the floor, there was the dog waiting for him, squatting composedly on his haunches There was no standing this any longer, thought Mr. D-, delusion or no delu- sion; so he ran to the bed-plunged beneath the clothes-and, thoroughly frightened, dropt at length asleep, his head under cover all night - On waking in the morning, he thought it must have been all a dream about the dog, for it had totally disappeared with the daylight. When on hour's glancing in all directions had convinced him that the phantom was really no longer visible, he told the whole to Mrs. Dr. and made very merry with her fears-for she would have it, it was " something supernatural," and, good lady, " Mr. D-- might depend upon it, the thing had its errand '" Four times subsequently to this did Mr. D see the spectral visitants no wise altered either in its manner, form, or colour. It was always late in the evenings when he observed it, and generally when he was alone He was a man extensively acquainted with physiology; but felt utterly at loss to what derangement, of what part of the animal economy to refer it. So, indeed, was I-for he came to consult me about it. He was with me once during the presence of the phantom. I examined his eyes with a candle, to see whether the interrupted motions of the index indicated any sudden alteration of the functions of the optic nerve ; but the pupils contracted and dilated with perfect regularity. One thing, however, was certain-his stomach had been latterly a little out of order, and every body knows the intimate connexion between its functions and the nervous system. But why he should seespectra-why they should assume and retain the figure of a dog, and of such an uncanine colour too-and why it should so pertinaciously attach itself to him, and be seen precisely the same, at the various intervals after which it made its ap- pearance and why he should hear, or imagine he heard it after sounds, all these questions I am as unable to answer as Mr. D-was, for as the reader will be He may account for it in whatever way his ingenuity may enable him have seen and known other cases of spectra, not unlike the one above related and great alarm and horror have they excited in the breasts of persons blessed with less firmness and good sense than Mr. D-displayed. 