TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL TIMES. SIR,- Give me leave to tell you, that I must cease to be your correspondent, unless we have a better understanding with each other. The two letters I have sent you have appeared before the Public in so mangled and garbled a state from the original text, that in some respects I scarcely re- cognize them ; - they are little better than the ghosts of their former selves - nor is this all, but clipt and mutilated as they are by your own hands, your compositor has further contrived so to change their reading, by substituting words of his own for mine, that it requires almost as much acuteness of intellect to trace one's own production, when in prînt, as it does for a father to know his own child. But, however, let us try once more. It has really seemed to me that, for want of dis- tinctly drawing the plain and evident line between men and measures, which I have insisted upon as existing. The Public have latterly run away with the notion, that in reprobating the latter, a remedy for their grievances would immediately be found. But this is mere idle child's play ; we have all agreed - or at least those who have courage to do so, have agreed, upon a long string of resolutions, to be embodied in an Address to the Throne, pray- ing for redress of many objectionable points with respect to our body politic. We have on all sides complaints with regard to our expenditure - our taxation - the slow movements of the machine of state in all its branches, and many et ceteras of a similar nature, each weighing, as is justly maintain- ed upon the well doing of the Colony. But pray inform me, Mr. Editor, did these things come of themselves ? Did the numerous host of our civil functionaries exhibit so much of their true nature, as to spring up like mushrooms in a single night, without any evident existing cause ? Why then do you and others wreak the whole of your ven- geance upon these "puppets in another's hand ?" why not look higher, and trace the effect up to its parent cause ? Oh, but says the Tasmanian, wish- ing no doubt to hunt with the hounds, and at the same time run with the hare, " It is highly gra- tifying to state that the whole objects of the Meeting were directed against a system, not against any single individual of those who act under it - the Heads of the Government received the most remarked respect." "Gratifying." for- sooth ! gratifying to whom, I wonder ! to none but to thosc, whose personal interests are so interwoven with the "system," that they must both stand or fall together. But, did this objectionable sys- tem come of itself, that war is to be denounced against it alone, whilst at the same moment, the individuals who act under it, are to be treated with the most marked respect ! Now this is what I again call, placing the saddle upon the wrong horse, and which can do no pood whatever. I do not enquire, whence the "system" took its origin : to whom we are to attribute our numerous civil list - the heavy taxes that are raised for their sup- port - the puerile Magistrates, that are a bye-word, and a proverb even in children's mouths - the pre- sent organization of the Surveyors and other De- partments - the rendering it legal to exact what interest any monied man thinks proper - our most abominable, unjust, and absurd Dog Tax, and other features of that "system'' that received the condemnation of the most numerous assemblage of respectable Colonists that have ever met together in Yan Diem en's Land ; but I do say, and do maintain, that to whomever they are attributable, that individual, and not the system itself, is the object to which the attention of the Colonists should be drawn as tbe only means of effecting a radical cure. The one is the man - the other the measure. Why condemn the one, in the same breath that is used for praising the other ? Does not a spirit of consistency require that both should be included in the same censure - or indeed, is not the man rather than the measure to be blamed, if one of the two is to be spared. The sum and substance therefore, Mr. Editor is, that you and many others have hold of the rope at the wrong end, and whilst you so continue you may pull to all eternity, but will effect no good. Keep well in view the line I have endeavoured to draw, and, instead of confounding things for per- sons, let your eye be upon the latter, as the main spring or moving principle, and perhaps some good may be effected, but take one word of advice from me before I conclude - never impute motives. I had purposed saying more, but fear I may in- trude upon your space to an inconvenient length, and will therefore for the present merely add, that I am, Sir, your humble servant, SCRUTATOR. [Our correspondent blames us for having sup- pressed certain portion's of his letters, and also for altering their sense, by the inattention of our com- positor. With regard to the first, we think we have shown ourselves equally alive to his interests as our own, by having exercised the privilege which we must, and always will claim with respect to the anonymous communications we receive from our correspondents ; and in reference to the second cause of offence, let our correspondent but mend his pen, and write a little more legible, and the evil shall be cured. \- ED.] 