DECAY OF PUBLIC SOCIETIES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. WHEN General Darling arrived in the Co- lony six years ago, there were three popular societies in active operation, two for business and one for pleasure; to wit; the Agricultu- ral Society, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Turf Club. The first two languished from the moment of the General's arrival. The Agricultural Society finally gave up the ghost this week; the flame which had been flicker- ing in the socket the last two years, went out we understand on Wednesday. The Chamber of Commerce is still in existence, but in the last stage of consumption. These two societies have not been given up by the public, because our agriculture and trade have decreased; the whaling trade has increased prodigiously; but because the system of espionage established by some wretches connected with the local Government, made every man dread to con- verse with his fellow. Men dared not to talk with each other; they therefore felt compelled to keep asunder, or to visit and converse in se- cret. But as societies cannot thrive without a free interchange of opinions, and as a free interchange of opinions in a society cursed with spies and Gregsonism, was certain of cau- sing great damage to, perhaps the ruin of those who indulged in it, the two societies in question naturally fell to the-ground. As to the Turf Club, the General had the indelicacy to set on foot an active opposition to it. Mr. McLeay made out a list of gentle- men who were to be asked to join the Gene- ral's opposition club, which his Excellency was pleased to call the Jockey Club; and being so asked, the parties of course could not refuse; unless they disregarded convict sawyers, and chalks, and reserves, and monthly leases. Notwithstanding however all this influence in favour of the new Jockey Club, it did not destroy the Turf Club. The indomitable spirit of a couple of members of this Club kept it in health; and now the General's club having died a natural death, the old Turf Club remains sole master of the field. It ought to be called the Bris- bane Club, for it has triumphed over the Darling Club; and while the latter will never be mentioned but with contempt, Brisbane and the Turf Club will we trust, go down to posterity together. As therefore the General on his arrival wit- nessed three societies in full activity, two of which lie patronised, so he will depart with the melancholy reflection, that while the societies he patronised could not survive the destruc- tive influence of his general policy (whose latent effects were stronger than his open pa- tronage), so the society he denounced is now in full vigour. These by some may be thought trifling circumstances. We do not think so. To us they appear a political barometer. They are signs of the times. For, such Societies as the Agricultural Society and the Chamber of Commerce, could not have gone down under a Governor who had a right feeling towards husbandry and trade. Especially when the London capitalists were flocking to Sydney, erecting warehouses, and building and buying whaling vessels with a zeal, which surprises all who remember what our fishery was six or seven years ago. We prophecy, that the Chamber of Com- merce, or a new society with similar objects, will flourish under Major General Bourke. An agricultural society is not so much re- quired. The most essential advantages of an agricultural society (the cultivation, harvest- ing, curing, and packing of commercial crops for exportation) might very readily merge into the Sydney Exchange Society. 