MISCELLANEA. DEMONOLOGY AND WITCHCRAFT. The following, strange story by Sir Walter Scott, illustrates one of the many cases often met with favourable to superstition. "Of the friend," says Sir Walter, " by whom the facts were attested, I can only say that if I found myself at liberty to name him, the rank which he holds in his profession, as well as his attainments in science and philosophy, form an undisputed claim to the most implicit credit. It was the for- tune of this Gentleman to be called in to attend the illness of a person now long deceased, who, in his life time, stood, as I understand, high in a particular department of the law, which often placed the property of others at his discretion and con- rol, and whose conduct, therefore, being open to public observation, he had for many years the character of a man of unusual steadiness, good sense, and integrity. He was, at the time of my friend's visits, confined principally to his sick room, sometimes to bed, yet occasionally attending to business, and exerting his mind, apparently with his usual strength and energy, in the conduct of important affairs entrusted to him ; nor did there, to a superficial observer, appear any thing in his conduct, while so engaged, that could argue vacillation of intellect, or depression of mind. His outward symptoms of malady argued no acute or alarming disease. But slowness of pulse, absence of appetite, difficulty of digestion, and a constant depression of spirits, seemed to draw their origin from some hidden cause which the patient was determined to conceal. The deep gloom of the unfortunate gentleman — the embarrassment, which he could not conceal from his friendly physician — the briefness and obvious constraint with which he answered the interrogatories of his medical adviser, in- duced my friend to take other methods for prosecuting his inquiries. He applied to the sufferer's family, to learn, if possible the source of that secret grief which was gnawing the heart, and sucking the life- blood of his unfortunate patient.— The person applied to, after conversing together previously, denied all knowledge of any cause for the burden which ob- viously affected their relative. So far as they knew — and they thought they could hardly be deceived — his worldly affairs were prosperous ; no family loss had occurred that could be followed with such persevering distress ; no entangle- ments of affection could be supposed to apply to his age, and no sensation of severe remorse could be consistent with his character. The Medical Gentleman had finally re- course to serious argument with the invalid himself, and urged to him the folly of devoting himself to a lingering and melan- choly death rather that tell the subject of affliction which was thus wasting him. He specially pressed upon him the injury which he was doing to his own character, by suffering it to be inferred that the secret cause of his dejection, and its con- sequences was something too scandalous or flagitious to be made known, bequeathing in this manner to his family a sus- pected and dishonoured name, and having a memory with which might he associated the idea of guilt, which the criminal had died without confessing. The patient, more moved by this species of appeal than by any which had yet been urged, expressed his desire to speak frankly to Dr. ——. Every one else was removed, and the door of the sick-room made secure, when he began his confessions in the following manner : — " You, cannot, my dear friend, he more conscious than I, that I am in the course of dying under the oppression of the fatal disease which consumes my vital powers ; but neither will you understand the nature of my complaint, and manner in which it acts upon me, nor, if you did, I fear, could your zeal and skill avail to rid me of it." "It is possible," said the phy- sician, "that my skill may not equal my wish of serving you ; yet medical science has many resources, of which those unac- quainted with its powers never can form an estimate. But until you plainly tell me your symptoms of complaint, it is impossible for either of us to say what may or may not be in my power, or within that of medicine." "I may answer you," replied the patient, "that my case is not a singular one, since we read of it in the famous novel of Le Sage.— You remember, doubtless, the disease of which the Duke d'Olivarez is there stated to have died ?" "Of the idea," answered the medical gentleman, "that he was haunted by an apparition, to the actual existence of which he gave no credit, but died, nevertheless, because he was overcome and heart- broken by its imaginary presence." "I, my dearest doctor," said the sick man, "am in that very case ; and so painful and abhorrent is the presence of the persecuting vision, that my reason is totally inadequate to combat the effects of my morbid imagination, and I am sensible I am dying, a wasted victim to an imaginary disease." The medical gentleman listened with anxiety to his patient's statement, and for the present judiciously avoiding any contradiction of the sick man's pre- conceived fancy, contented himself with more minute inquiry into the nature of the apparition with which he conceived him- self haunted, and into the history of the mode by which so singular disease has made itself master of his imagination, secured, as it seemed, by strong powers of the understanding, against an attack so irregular. The sick person replied by stating that its advances were gradual, and at first not of a terrible or disagreeable character. To illustrate this, he gave the following account of the progress of his disease. "My visions," he said, "commenced two or three years since, when I found my self from time to time embarrassed by the presence of a large cat, which came and disappeared I could not tell exactly how, till the truth was finally forced upon me, and I was compelled to regard is as no domestic household cat, but as a bubble of the elements, which had no existence, save in my deranged visual organs, or depraved imagination. Still I had not that positive objection to the animal enter- tained by a late gallant Highland chieftain, who has been seen to change to all the colours of his own plaid if a cat by any accident happened to be in the room with him, even though he did not see it. On the contrary, I am rather a friend to cats and endured with much equanimity the pre- sence of my imaginary attendant that it had become almost indifferent to me ; when within the course of a few months it gave place to, or was succeeded by, a spectre of a more im- portant sort, or which at least had a more imposing ap- pearance. This was no other than the apparition of a gentleman usher, dressed as if to wait upon a Lord Lieutenant of Ire- land, a Lord High Commissioner of the Kirk, or any other who bears on his brow the rank and stamp of delegated so- vereignty. This personage, arrived in court dress, with a bag and sword, tamboured waistcoat, and chapeau bras, glided before me like the ghost of Beau Nash ; and whether in my own house, or in another, ascended the stairs before me as if to announce me in the drawing room ; and at some times appeared to mingle with the company, though it was sufficiently evident that they were not aware of his presence, and that I alone was sensible of the visionary honors which this imaginary being seemed desirous to render me. This freak of the fancy did not produce much impression on me, though it led me to to entertain doubts on the nature of my disorder, and alarm for the effect it might produce on my in- tellects. But that modification of my disease also had its appointed duration. After a few months, the phantom of the gentleman-usher was seen no more, but was succeeded by one horrible to the sight, and distressing to the imagination, being no other than the image of death itself — the apparition of a skeleton. "Alone, or in company," said the unfortunate invalid, "the presence of this last phantom never quits me. I in vain tell myself a hundred times over that it is no reality, but merely, an image summoned up by the morbid senteness of my own excited imagination, and deranged organs of sight. But what avail such reflections, while at once the emblem and presage of mortality is before my eye, and while I feel myself through infancy only, the companion of a phan- tom representing a ghastly inhabitant of the grave, even while I yet breathe on the earth ? Science, philosophy, even religion, has no cure for such a disorder ; and I feel too surely that I shall die the victim to so melancholy a disease, although I have no belief whatever in the reality of the phantom which it places before me." The physician was dis- tressed to perceive, from these details, how strongly this visionary apparition was fixed in the imagination of his pa- tient. He immediately urged the sick man, who was then in bed, with questions concerning the circumstances of the phantom's appearance, trusting he might lead him, or as a sen- sible man, into such contradictions and inconsistencies as might bring his common sense, which seems to be unimpair- ed so strongly into the field, as might combat successfully the fantastic disorder which produced such fatal effects. — " This skeleton, then," said the doctor, "seems to you to be always present to your eyes ?" : It is my fate, unhappily," answered the invalid, "always to see it." "Then I under- stand," continued the physician, "it is now present to your imagination ?" "To my imagination it certainly is so," re- plied the sick man. " And in what part of the chamber do you now conceive the apparition to appear ?' the physician inquired. "Immediately at the foot of my bed, when the curtains are left a little open," answered the invalid, "the skeleton, to my thinking, is placed between them, and fills the vacant space." "You say you are sensible of the delusion," said his friend : "have you firmness to convince yourself of the truth of this ? Can you take courage enough to rise and place yourself in the spot so seeming to be occupied, and con- vince yourself of the illusion ? The poor man sighed, and shook his head negatively. "Well," said the doctor, "we will try the experiment otherwise." Accordingly, he rose from his chair by the bedside, and placing himself between the two half drawn curtains at the foot of the bed, indicated as the place occupied by the apparition, asked if the spectre was still visible ? "Not entirely so," replied the patient, "because your person is betwixt him and me ; but I observe his skull peering above your shoulder." It is alleged the man of science started on the instant, despite philosophy, on receiving an answer, ascertaining, with such minuteness, that the ideal spectre was near to his own person. He resorted to other means of investigation and cure, but with equally indifferent success. The patient sunk into deeper and deeper dejection, and died in the same distress of mind in which he had spent the latter months of his life ; and his case remains a melancholy instance of the power of imagination to kill the body, even when its fantastic terrors cannot overcome the in- tellect of the unfortunate person who suffers under them. " Another illusion of the same nature we have the best reason for vouching as a fact, though, for certain reasons we do not give the names of the parties. Not long after the death of a late illustrious poet, who had filled, while living, a great station in the eyes of the public, a literary friend to whom the deceased had been well known, was engaged, du- ring the darksome twilight of an autumn evening, perusing one of the publications which professed to detail the habits and opinions of the distinguished individual who was now no more. As the reader had enjoyed the intimacy of the deceased to a considerable degree, he was deeply interested in the publications, which contained some particulars relating to himself and other friends. A visitor was sitting in the apart- ment, who was also engaged in reading. Their sitting room opened into an entrance-hall, rather fantastically fitted up with articles of armour, skins of wild animals, and the like. It was when laying down his books and passing into the hall, through which the moon was beginning to shine, that the in- dividual of whom I speak saw, right before him, and in a standing-posture, the exact representation of his departed friend, whose recollection had been so strongly brought to his imagination. He stopped for a single moment, so as to notice the wonderful accuracy with which fancy had impressed on the bodily eye the peculiarities of dress and posture of the Illustrious poet. Sensible, however, of the delusion, he felt no sentiment save that of wonder at the extraordinary accuracy of that resemblance, and stepped onwards towards the figure, which resolved itself, as he approached, into the various materials of which it was composed. There was merely a screen, occupied by great coats, shawls, plaids, and such other articles as usually are found in a country entrance-hall. The spectator returned to the spot from which he had seen the illusion, and endeavoured with all his power to recall the image which had been so singularly vivid. But this was beyond his capacity ; and the person who had witnessed the apparition, or, more properly, whose excited state had been the means of raising it, had only to return to the apartment, and tell his young friend under what a striking hallucination he had for a moment laboured. There it every reason to be- lieve that instances of this kind are frequent among persons of a certain temperament ; and when such occur in an early period of society, they are almost certain to be considered as real supernatural appearances." The following anecdotes of Mr. Abernethy are from the National Portrait Gallery, an able work, edited by Mr. Jordan :— " Mr. T ——, a young gentleman with a broken limb, which refused to heal long after the fracture, went to consult Mr. Abernethy ; and, as usual, was entering into all the de- tails of his complaint, when he was thus stopped almost in limine — "Pray, sir, do you come here to talk, or to hear me ? If you want my advice it is so and so — I wish you a good morning." A scene of greater length, and still greater interest and entertainment, took place between our eminent surgeon and the famous John Philpot Curran. Mr. Curran it seems, being personally unknown to him, had visited Mr. Abernethy several times, without having an opportunity of fully explain- ing (us he thought) the nature of his malady ; at last, de- termined to have a hearing, when interrupted in his story, he fixed his dark brown eye on the 'doctor.' and said — " Mr. Abernethy, I have been here on eight different days, and I have paid you eight different guineas : but you have never yet listened to the symptoms of my complaint. I am resolved, sir, not to leave this room till you satisfy me by doing so.' Struck by his manner, Mr. Abernethy threw himself back in his chair, and assuming the posture of a most indefatigable listener, exclaimed, in a tone of half surprise, half humour, 'Oh, very well, sir, I am ready to hear you out. Go on, give me the whole — your birth, parentage, and education. I wait your pleasure ; go on.' Upon which, Curran, not a whit disconcerted, gravely began. — ' My name is John Philpot Curran. My parents were poor, but I believe honest people, of the province of Munster, where also I was born, being a native of Newmarket, county of Cork, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty. My father being em- ployed to collect the rents of a Protestant gentleman of small fortune, in that neighbourhood, obtained my entrance into one of the Protestant Free-schools, where I obtained the first rudiments of my education. I was next enabled to enter Trinity College, Dublin, in the humble sphere of a sizer,' — and so he continued for several minutes, giving his astonished hearer a true, but irresistibly laughable account of his ' birth, parentage, and education,' as desired, till he came to his ill- ness and sufferings, the details of which was not again interrupt- ed. It is hardly necessary to add, that Mr. Abernethy's attention to his gifted patient was, from that hour to the close of his life, assiduous, unremitting, and devoted." Again, "Mrs. I—— consulted him on the nervous disorder, the minutiæ appeared to be so fantastical, that Mr. Abernethy interrupted their frivolous detail, by holding out his hand for the fee. A one pound note and a shilling were placed in it ; upon which he returned the latter to his fair patient, with the angry exclamation of, 'There, ma'am ! go and buy a skipping-rope ! that is all you want.' Mr. Aber- nathy's strong point in prescribing is generally addressed to the relief of the bowels, and to the lowering and regulation of the diet and regimen. He is, consequently much sought in dyspeptic disorders ; and, it is stated, often refers to such a page in one of his books, where he has already giving the remedy, the patients have only it buy the work, where they will find an exact description of their symptoms, and a recipe for their cure. On one occasion, a lady, unsatisfied with this amount of information, persisted in extracting from Mr. Abernethy what she might eat, and, after suffering from her volubility with considerable patience for a while, he exclaim- ed to the repeated 'May I eat oysters, Doctor ? May I eat suppers ?" I'll tell you what, ma'am, you may eat any thing but the poker and the bellows ; for the one is too hard of digestion, and the other is full of wind.' The reported fashion of his courtship and marriage is also extremely characteristic. — It is told, that while attending a lady for several weeks, he observed those admirable qualifications in her daughter, which he truly esteemed to be calculated to render the married state happy. Accordingly, on a Saturday, when taking leave of his patient, he addressed her to the following purport : ' You are now so well that I need not see you after Monday next, when I shall come and pay you my farewell visit. But, in the mean time, I wish you and your daughter seriously to consider the proposal I am now about to make. It is abrupt and unceremonious, I am aware, but the excessive occupation of my time, but my professional duties, affords me no leisure to accomplish what I desire by the more ordinary course of attention and solicitation. My annual receipts amount to £—, and I can settle £— on my wife : my character is generally known to the public, so that you may readily ascertain what it is : I have seen in your daughter a tender and affectionate child, an assiduous and careful nurse, and a gentle and lady- like member of a family ; such a person must be all that a husband could covet ; and I offer my hand and fortune for her acceptance. On Monday, when I call, I shall expect your determination ; for I really have not time for the routine of courtship.' In this humour, the lady was wooed and won ; and, we believe we may add, the union has been felicituous in every respect." A Physician of this place received last week an anonymous letter, with the following couplet, and two £10 Bank-notes inclosed :— " Whosoever this sum will see, " Will say it's a retaining fee." The patient, of course, is anxiously looked for. It is but fair that our lady readers should be made acquainted with the manner the matrimo- nial lottery schemes are constantly published in the London Morning Herald :— " MATRIMONY.— The Hon. Mr. ——, middle aged, and third son of an Earl, being sincerely desirous of entering into the matrimonial state, addresses himself, through this me- dium, to a lady of ample fortune, family and respectability, who may be similarly disposed. As this will, doubtless, ap- pear an extraordinary mode of procedure on the part of a gen- tleman of his high rank, he must explain by stating that he possesses only a moderate patrimony independent of his Commission as a Field-Officer in his Majesty's forces ; suf- ficient indeed for his own wants, but wholly inadequate to the expenses of a married life. He would not object to a widow, if unencumbered by a family, and unobjectionable in all other respects.— Address A. X., General Twopenny Post- office, Gerrard street, Soho, post paid, ' to be left till called for.' Honour and secrecy may be fully relied upon. Re- ferences given and required.— London Sept 22." "MATRIMONY.— A gentleman, of 35, leaving in a neat and comfortable cottage some miles from London, upon a small independence, and who wishes for domestic happiness, is desirous, of uniting with a lady of similar age, and an in- come of at least £100 a-year, which shall remain at her own disposal. Must be fond of retirement, of good disposition and manners."— (Here follows address.) " MATRIMONY.— A young gentleman of good education and family, wishes to form a matrimonial union with some agreeable young lady or widow of small property, aged from 18 to 25. Any young lady wishing to enter that state will find this a most eligible opportunity, and ladies honoring the advertiser with a line will be immediately attended to."— (Address.) " MATRIMONY.— A gentleman, 36 years of age, (a widower,) is desirous of forming a matrimonial alliance with a lady of cheerful and affectionate disposition, possessing some property, which may be at her own disposal. The utmost secrecy will be observed, and references of the highest respectability will be given as to character, disposition, &c.;" — (Address.) THE MARCH OF CIVILIZATION IN ENGLAND.— A Cor- respondent has furnished us with a bill announcing the par- ticulars of the sports, as they are called, at the wakes at Bar- ton, a place about four miles from Manchester. The bill was issued by Miss Alice Cottam of the sign of the King's Arms, near Eccless, and was printed by order of the Stewards. It is our opinion that all the parties concerned in publishing such a document ought to be indicted. The following is a literal copy of a part of the Barton bill of fare !— " On Saturday, Aug. 23, 1830, at the house of Miss Alice Cottam, sign of the King's Arms, near Eccles.— A. C. with great pleasure informs her friends and the public in general, that she has, at a considerable expense, engaged an excellent bull, bear, and badger, for the gratification of those who may favor her with their company. The bull will be baited three times a day — namely, half-past nine in the morning and half past one in the afternoon, and at five in the evening, every day during the wakes. The bear will be baited at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, and three in the afternoon. The badger will be baited every evening.— N. B. — The bull, bear, and badger will be baited on Saturday night previous, to commence at six o'clock precisely, subject to such conditions as shall be then and there produced. The whole is so arranged as to form a never failing source of amusement. By order of the Stewards. God save the King !— Liverpool Mercury. THE BALANCE SHEET.— A Newspaper is a balance sheet. How few of the every day people of the world, who run over the items and glance at the sum to- tal, cast one thought to the huge folios, the ledgers, day- books, and memoranda, which have been laboriously col- lated and painfully examined before the balance could be struck ! So far the resemblance sud imper sibi. The spruce clerk, with the corner of a desk thrust into the pit of his stomach, sit his hours on a three-legged stool, a piece of animated mechanism — so regular his ha- bits, so methodical his arrangements, so unvarying his duties. A modicum of arithmetic and a proportion of steadiness are his requisites. He is a mechanical drudge, whose feelings may be considered in his wages, and he strikes his balance sheet. The periodical writer knows no hours. His regularities are irregular. Cessa- tion of labour is out of the question — his mind works, and exhausts its fuel as fast as a steam engine. Sedentary in his occupation as he is of the counting-house, his mind must be abroad ; it must range through time and space, over men and things, through matter and spirit. His ac- quirements are not to be limited ; however, varied and ex- tensive his accomplishment, they are unequal to his press- ing necessities. His perception should be intuitive, his knowledge inexhaustible, and his reasoning truth itself. And with all this he "shall not 'scape calumny." His best efforts are thwarted by caprice, his judgement warped by studied misrepresentation, his talents per- verted to puff private interest, or to gratify personal ma- lignity ; his health and domestic hapiness sacrificed un- scrupulously to the morbid views of the worldly minded who cannot appreciate his feelings. His finest train of thought is interrupted by a demand for a ten-line para- graph, saturated with blood and crowded with broken limbs. He toils day after day through the mass of la- bour, amusement, fiction, forgery, poetry, politics, abuse, and absurdity of all other papers, to compose his own. It is accomplished, and a trifling error in his ba- lance- sheet sends him to his home dissatisfied with him- self, and disgusted with the world. And this, gentle reader, is no exaggerated sketch of the delights that at- tend the hacks — we beg pardon — the gentlemen of the press. ELECTIONEERING EXPENSES.— We give a list of the prices which it cost to be an orator, or have the pleasure of listening to Sir R. Peel's speeches on the constitution, in the last Parliament. The last Leicester election cost Mr Evans £19,000. Otway Cave, £10,- 000 in all, 61,000. Warwick cost 27,000, without bri- gery ; Stafford 14,000, where the voters displayed the Beaumont cockades, said to be worth £5 each in their hats. The china of the Camelford voters was occasionally wrap- ped, by accident, in one pound bank-notes. The Nor- thumberland elections cost a very large sum ; Mr. Bell probably paid between 60 and £70,000, for his seat of two months from February, and his four sessions' seat from July, 1826. Mr. Liddel probably £50,000. Lord Howick £12,000, and Mr. Beaumont was charged up- wards of £100,000, though he contrived to pay a much smaller sum. Yorkshire cost Mr. Marshall £30,000 ; and in 1800, the same county, in the great party contest between Fitzwilliam and the Earl of Harewood, cost the former £150,000 and the latter £160,000, whose son, the present Earl of Harewood, then Viscount Lascelles, lost the election :— £40,000 were raised by subscription to support Mr. Wilberforce, but only £25,000 were ex- pended, the remainder being given by the Committee to various public charities. THE Rale ROAD.— The following whim- sical incident actually occurred a few days ago, to a re- spectable " native of the Sister Isle," who had just crossed St. George's Channel for the first time :— The coach proprietors in Liverpool, urged by a spirit of op- position to the proprietors of the rail road, exhibit a large placard at their respective offices, inscribed, "The real road to Manchester," and also reduced the fares to two shillings, which, we understand, is the fare charged for merely conveying persons who wish to travel by the railway, from the middle of the town to the tunnel at Edge-hill. The subject of this joke one day last week went to one of these coach offices, and enquired if they forwarded passengers to Manchester by the rail road. The clerk, mistaking, the Irishman's mode of speaking, and thinking he wished to patronise the real road, but had given it the Hibernian pronunciation- "rale road,'' answered in the affirmative. The coach being on the point of starting. Paddy whipped on the box, and away they went. After travelling a couple of hours, the Irishman began to despair of arriving at the rail-road, but as none of his fellow-travellers seemed to evince any uneasiness, he smothered his impatience and re- mained quiet. In due time the coach arrived at the Star Inn, in this town, and on the passengers alighting, the worthy Hibernian again ventured to ask if he could be conveyed to the rail-road. There being no " real road" from this town, the inquiry was of course easily comprehended ; and an omnibus from the office in Market- street to the station in Water-street, fortunately passing at the time, the traveller entered the vehicle, was taken to the station in a trice, set off for Liverpool immediately, and once more arrived in that town to com- menee his journey to Manchester by the rail-road ! POINTS OF HONOR.— Colonel Montgome- ry was shot in a duel about a dog ; Capt. Ramsay in one about a servant ; Mr. Fetherstone in one about a recruit ; Sterne's father in one about a goose ; and another gentleman in one about "an acre of anchovies." One Officer was challenged for merely asking his opponent to enjoy a second goblet ; and another was compelled to fight about a pinch of snuff. Gen. Barry was challenged by a Capt. Smith, for declining a glass of wine with him at a dinner in a steam-boat, although the General had pleaded as an excuse that wine invariably made his stomach sick at sea, and Lieut. Crowther lost his life in a duel, because he was refused admittance to a club of pigeon shooters. ENGLISH EPITAPH.— Destouches wrote the following epitaph for an Englishman :— Ci-git Jean Rosbif, Ecuyer Qui se pendit pour se désennuyer. Here lies Sir John Plumpudding of the Grange, Who hung himself one morning for a change.— Tatler. We understand that his Majesty has been most graciously pleased to appoint Miss Fellowes herb-strewer at the approaching Coronation. This lady, thus distinguished by royal favour, has lately been a visitor to several members of his Majesty's family.— Bath Journal. OLD LETTERS.— What a world of thoughts and feeling arise in perusing old letters ! What lessons do we read in the silliest of them, and in others what beauty, what charm, what magical illusion wraps the senses in brief enchantment ! But it is brief indeed. Absence, estrange- ment, death, the three great enemies of mortal ties, start up to break the spell. The letters of those who are dead, how wonderful. We seem to live again and breathe in their so- ciety. The writers once, perhaps, lived with us in the com- munion of friendship, in the flames of passion, in the whirl of pleasure ; in the same career, in short, of earthly joys, earthly follies, and earthly infirmities. We seem again to retrace these paths together — but are suddenly arrested by the knowledge that there lies a vast gulf between us and them ; the hands which traced those characters are mouldering in their tombs, eaten by worms, or already turned to dust. — Nature, human nature, sickens at the thought ; but redeemed nature says, although worms destroy the body, " yet in my flesh shall I see God." In this, and this great trust of faith alone, lies consolation ; but yet pause we must, and with me- lancholy regret dwell on the pictures of the past which the letters of the dead present to our view. Why are we left here, when the younger, the wiser, the better are called away ? What use ought we to make of this favour ? How instantaneously it might be taken from us ? Shall we disre- gard the reflection ? The highest, deepest thoughts may sometimes arise on a retrospection of old letters ;— but there are others of another nature, which speak to the heart in all its feebleness, in all its waywardness, tossed about in the storms of the feelings. Letters from those we once loved, who perhaps are still living, but no longer living with us.— It may be they grew tired of us ; it may be we grew tired of them ; or the separation may have arisen from mutual imper- fections in character. Still the letters recall times and seasons when it was otherwise, and we look upon ourselves, out of ourselves ; as it were, with much melancholy interest. That identify of the person and the estrangement of the spirit, who can paint it ? But often a more cruel weapon still then these has cut the tie of affection or love asunder : it is the pride, the prejudice, the ambition, avarice, or fickleness of one of the parties only. What a place then, is the world for a tender, trusting, loving heart to rest in, where so many lay siege to its warmest, best affections. Rest in ! Can it rest in it ? No, it flies from hill to hill, from prospect to prospect but the far off land of happiness is still far off. * * * * There is still a third class of old letters on which the heart delights to expiate ; as it must be remembered if any one deigns to peruse those pages, that they pretend to nothing more than a journal of the heart. The third class of old letters I am now alluding to are those of the still living, but the absent. Oh ! What do they not afford of delight ! All the imperfections of moral intercourse are, in this mode of communication done away with ; we see nothing but what is good and fair, kind, tender, gentle, amusing : they have the whole witchery of beauty, love, and truth in them, without one speck or flaw to the lower the tone of that enchantment they convey. BURSTING OF A BOILER.— A dreadful accident happened on Wednesday, on the Liverpool rail-road, by which Mr. Stephenson, the contractor of the rail-road, and brother to Mr. Stephenson, the engineer, lost his life, and another person has been so severely injured that no hopes are entertained of his recovery. The accident occurred on the rail-road by the bursting of a boiler, while Mr. Stephenson was trying the utmost speed to which the engine could be propelled. LADY HOLLAND.— Her ladyship, it is said, has sent to the King of the French a valuable jewel, composed of amethyst, opal, and carbuncle. Each of her friends has received a present, composed of the three colours ; her lady- ship has announced that she desires to be visited by none who cannot wear that badge. 