SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1832. We have before us a Colonial Times of the 11th instant, hut it contains very little. The brig Arethusa, Capt. BOUL- TON, from London¡ 9lh No\ ember, and from the Cape Ï9th February, arrived on the 9th insi. The /iuriga had completed 'her cargo, and was to sail for London in a day or <. two.. ¡The Socrates, GIBBONS, had arrived at Launceston from London lllliliJMJ Hu I i with a general cargo. The following list of ships, on tlieir passage to these colo- nies, is given by the Times : Elizabeth. (Prisoners) Pyramlis. Ditto Reiotirc« .......... (Merchandise) Captain Cook. Stewart Cheviot. Bateman Ann",..,. Pace Xw«. ?. Eamont.< .? Dryad»............ .? \- WelletUy .... - », 'Wanstead..'.. M'Auliffe Mary... Tarean uH» Belina ............. Powers Craigki'tir'i.,.1 .»III» ' "« Medway .. i...... j Wight Persia». Plunkett. A branch Bank was being established at Launceston. A Mr. HENTY had ar- rived there with eleven beautiful blood English horses, several of which had been celebrated for their performances on British courses. TU&T;ÍJMCIJ had received the Western* Australian to the 7th January, from which it makes several extracts. We select .the following very dismal account I of the new colony:-? At Fremantle, nt present, the greatest scaroity prevails, and wo do not think we aro going too far, when we say, that the greater part of the population are in a stale of starvation, the iotoVfdrenco of au- thority is imperatively called for/of the worst con- sequences may be apprehondod. W» give the peo pie considerable credit for forbearanco, for we have witnessed in England, on a much lees occasion of I excitement, when the stores of somo monopolists have been knocked about their ears. We however re- joice to see a proper forbearance on the part of the colonists ; it reflects the highest credit on them, and we are fully aware that the anxiously expected arri- val of our good ond considenue Governor will set matters to rights ; but should his arrival bo pro- tracted, vory unpleasant consequences may arise. Wo regret, too, to perceive the strong inclination daily taking ground of the intention of a great number of the colonists to leave, and we are sorry to say, in this instance, some of the most respectablo ones. rnovisiONS,-RETAIL PRICES. Flour, if any, If. 4d. ner lb. ; rice, 7d. ; Mauri- tius sugar, -id'. ; Bengal ditto, Gd. ; American pork, Is. ¡id. ; beef, none; fresh pork, nono ; mutton, none ; lumb, 2s. ; eggs per dozen, 3s. Gd. ; fowls, per pair, 12s. ; Irish butter, 2s. ; fresh butter, 5s. ; colonial potatoes, none ; Cape do., none ; rum, por gallon, imperial 9s. to 12s. ; brandy, 13s. ; gin, 12s. ; Tay- lor s brown stout, 5s. ; Sydney or Capo ale per qtt, Is.; hyson tea per lb., 4f. ; tallow candiel per lb-, Is. 6d. ; London palo ale per dozon, 18s. ; London porter, per hogshead, £&. The arrival of the Cornwallis and Egyptian, have not as yet created any appearance of plenty in the market. It is seid that all the flour has been pur- chased by the government ; if so, wo shall be in a bud way. We have received Cape papers to the 11th February. They contain but little that would interest our readers. Bitter complaints are made of the miserable state of the wine trade. Advices had just reached the colony, that Cape wine of fair quality was selling in London at £G per pipe, or Is. 2d. per gallon-a price lower than the actual cost of cask, freight, leakage, commission, and afler-charges attending the sale of it in London, exclusive of its manufacture. I The Editor of the South African says, " Water from the pipe at the Jetty could scarcely be sold in London for £G per pipe, without loss." He further remarks on this truly painful subject : " One fact deserving of serious considera- tion has lately been stated on good authority. No less than 30,000 leaguers of wine were expressed from the grapes of last vintage, or 41,454 pipes! The quantity exported ,never exceeded 12,000 pipes for one year; and the average of the three last years shows only 10,200 pipes. But lake the ex- ports of this year at 12,000, what is to become of the remaining 29,454 pipes? Here we have lÄree millions, two hundred and thirty- nine thousand, nine hundred and forty gallons of nine for home consumption for one year J Even suppose 8,000 pipes were distilled for the purpose of mixing with Cape wine, there would still be a re- mainder of 21,454 pipes, or 2,359,940 gal- lons, in the shape of wine or brandy, for the consumption of the colonists! It must be perfectly clear that such a quantity cannot be sold at a remunerating price to the grower; it is equally clear that the wine merchants cannot dispose of such a quantity with a profit ; and it is clearest of all, that could the population be persuaded to swal- low so much wine, distilled or uudistilled, the labour of the colony would be utterly ruined by it. " This is no time for accusation, or for recrimination between the farmers and mer- chants, nor between them and the com- munity at large. We have all got into a i false position, and it is experience of the evil resulting from that position that can alone bring us back to a state of safety. Too much wine has been produced : sufficient care has not been taken, generally speak- ing, in preparing it ; and distillation has I hitherto been imperfectly understood and carelessly conducted. The course of the evil knows no check but in the last market -in the hands of the consumer. The farmer is justified in growing as much as the mer- chant will buy at a remunerating price ; the merchant will buy as long as he can sell again with a profit. It is quite silly to accuse the one of " avarice," or the other of " cupidity." This is the uniform course of all trade, and the parties, however un- fortunate, are, so far, perfectly blameless. But the consumers have interposed their check, and both farmers and merchants must of necessity contract their opera- tions. Nor do we think that the dan- ger to either is so great as some sup- pose. Half the quantity, of a good j quality, would, at less than double the price, leave more money in the pockets of both parties at the end of the year. Half the lobour, carriage, storing, freight, &c.; &c.; would be saved." Mr. Advocate JOUBERT'S death is thus announced :- We lament to announce to the public the death of J. A. JOUBERT, Esq., Advocate, who expired yesterday morning, (24th January,) at about five o'clock, after a tedious illness, which he bore with christian firmness, and the most amiable resignation. The death of this accomplished, intrepid, and inde- pendent Barrister will be felt as a severe loss, both by his professional brethren and the colonists at large. To his private friends and his family, by whom he was in the highest degree respected and beloved, the loss is irreparable, and will long be mourned with tears of sincere affection. The Cape Saving Bank was doing re- markable well. Though it had been established only one year, 650 individual liad made deposits êxcoedhig £lö,O0O. In the course of tlie last month, 40 new depositors had paid in nearly £1,000. By an American vessel from China they had received some recent news from that quarter : It appears, from information which we have col- lected, that the Company's Factory now experience greater difficulty than before the rupture in cou dueling their affairs ; although the.East India Com- pany's shipa are allowed to take on board cargoes, yet it is supposed that anothor dispute may ooour on ibe moBt trivial occasion. The last misunderstand- ing appears to have been merely patched together for a temporary purpose, the servants of the great monopolists not wishing to incur the responsibility of either detaining the vessels till ihey could com- municate with Leadenhall-street, or of dismissing thom without caigooa. Admiral Sir Edward Owen, and the ships under his orders, were expected at China from Trincomalee. Si . -. WE shall now offer a word or two on the letter published in our last under tbe signature of " JE."-As we observed at the time, he appears to have completely misapprehended the drift of the article on which he comments. The question of Parliamentary Reform may be regarded either as one of theory, or as one of practice. In point of theory, we know not that even the stoutest sup- porters of the close borough system pre- tend to doubt its consistency with the principles of the British Constitution. On this ground Whig and Tory meet as friends. But with regard to the practi- cal operation of Reform, neither party is unanimously agreed. Amongst the Whigs, the shades of difference extend through all the intermediate degrees be- tween the opinion which invests Reform with the virtues of an infallible specific for the maladies of the State, and that which ascribes to it only the moderate power of abating their virulence. The Tories, again, differ in the inverse order, some of them agreeing with the moderate Whig3 as to the mitigatory virtues of Reform, while others regard it as a nos- trum the application of which must prove fatal to our mixed constitution. These varieties of sentiment were sufficiently conspicuous on the first discussion of the Ministerial Bill, but much more so on the second. Now, the observations we made in our journal of this day week, to which the letter of E addresses itself, had reference exclusively to the practical side of the question, and only to so much of that side as relates to the individual welfare of the lower orders. How far Reform will strengthen or weaken tho monarchical institutions-how far it will improve or injure the legislative and executive de- partments of the government-how far it will brighten or sully the British name in the eyes of foreign states,-are ques- tions perfectly distinct from that to which our observations referred. The quotation put at the head of E.'a letter left out the most important part of those observations, and consequently he replies, not to what we had written, but to his own construc- tion of a mutilated extract. We lamented that the populace should have been led to expect from the Reform Bill advan- tages which it must fall infinitely short of realizing ; and foretold, that as those ad- vantages are the only ones that could bring relief to their own aching bosoms and cheerless hearths, the extravagance of their present hopes would but deepen their ultimate disappointment. The pas- sage in which our belief as to what Re- form could not do was specifically stated, and which E most unaccountably struck out of his quotation, was as follows : " Parliamentary Reform cannot give '* employment and bread ; it cannot " restore our manufactures to the posi " tion they held before the introduction " of machinery ; it cannot check the " competition of European and Amer " ican industry ; it cannot force fo " reign states to restore to us that cus " tom which has been superseded by " their own skill and enterprise; it " cannot abate the excess of produc " tion over consumption throughout " the civilized world ; it cannot ar " rest the growth of population through *' out the already over-crowded pa " rishes of England and Ireland." This is the real marrow of our argument : and yet E overlooks it, and amuses him- self with the tip of the bone. He tells what reform can do : and pray what may that be ? Why just this- it can extin- guish the borough-mongers, and fill the House of Commons with men chosen by the people. There needed no ghost to tell us this. But how these men chosen by the people are to to transcend soinfinitely, in legis torial wisdom, the men chosen hy patrons of boroughs, as to find out, what has never yet been discovered, either in Par- liament or out of it, the secret of giving employment and wageB to the poor, and prosperity to the agriculturist, the mer- chant, and the tradesman,-we arc left to gñoss. Granted that a reformed Mouse of Commons demolish the Church-blot out every nant« from the pension-list and get, rid of tho national debt by a burglarious application of the sponge : what then ? Would this find purchasers for all that England can grow, and for all that she can manufacture with her omni- potent machinery ? Would this remedy i the evils of inordinate competition pin every department of human industry ? Would this clear the workhouses and the prisons of'the thousands and tens of thou- sands whom chill adversity has immured within their walls? Would this provide a cottage and a loaf for ovcry English peasant and mechanic? Would this in- sure the shopkeeper against insolvency, and the merchant against bankruptcy ? Alas ! we may well exclaim, on looking round upon the vast and many-'coloured scenes of British sufferings, " How small, of all that human hearts endure, That part which Kings or laws can cause or cure Î ' The Reform Bill may polish and beau- tify the exterior of the State, but tlie canker-worm gnawing at the core is far, far beyond its reach. It may make JOHN BULL more free, but it cannot fill cither his purse or his stomach. It may give a House of Commons moro legitimately elected, but it cannot guarantee that its members shall be either wiser or more virtuous than those of which it has been hitherto composed. It may introduce a system of legislation more responsive to the voice of the people, but until that voice be indeed " the voice of GOD," it cannot impart to its echo the magical power of delivering the nation from that mass of misery with which a long and complicated series of causes has afllicted it. It may encircle the State with a beauteous halo of theoretic institutions, but from that halo no genial showers will descend into the lowly vales of poverty. The starving multitude may for awhile gaze upon the glittering phantom with unmingled admiration, but when tlie painful consciousness shall at length steal into their bosoms, that with all its splen- dour and its grace, it has brought no relief to their individual wrctcheJuess, no comfort to their hungry households, discontent will again darken their brows, their passions will be once more worked up to the accustomed pitch, and instead of " Parliamentary Reform," some other phrase will supply them with a watch- word,-some other political beau ideal will beckon them on to agitation and se- dition. WE have just looked into a recent number of the South African Advertiser, in which there appear no less than five advertisements of slaves to be " let" or " sold," with the prices affixed ! How long, will the British nation permit the endurance of this odious traffic this sacrilege against humanity ? The question of colonial slavery is generally considered to be one of some difficulty, and we are not insensible to the obstacles which stand in the way of instantaneous liberation ; but still means might be taken to nurse the rising African popula- tion into liberty-the negro child might be cradled into a fitness for freedom. No regard should be paid by the British Government to those who assert that the ¡English nation, situated at so great a dis- tance from the colonies, can form no judgment with respect to the actual state of the slaves. We rather incline to be- lieve that those who have lived in the colonies are, in some respects, the worst judges. A familiarity with oppression produces an ossification of the heart. The colonists made the slave trade the subject of encomium-to them a ship wafted from the coast of Guinea, with its freight of human agony, presented an object of moral picturesque. They in- sisted that it was beneficial to the negroes to be :.-ansferred to their merciful super- intendence. England waited long, and at last, finding that it was in vain to ex- pect atiy correction of the system, issued her mighty fiat against that impious trafic. The Government were thus taught by experience the futility of looking to the colonies for an alteration in their system. What, then, remains but to le- gislate for the colonies ? The amount of African suffering in which Government have interposed in vain is frightful to contemplate. The Sabbath is not to the negro a day of rest. He fulfills upon it the primary malediction, and pours his sweat out of his forehead, depressed in toil to the earth, instead of Utting it up in supplication to Heaven. He is treated as a moveable-he is sold apart from his family. The husband is torn from the wife-the child plucked by the hand of heartless avarice irom the mother's arms. The cart-whip is used as a stimulant to labour, and as the implement which serves to distinguish the few wretched di- versities of slave existence. It is used to announce the morning, and to summon the negro to his task, and urges on the work which ministers to European luxury through African torture-it calls the 'slave to his shed, or rather to his manger -it is his vesper-bell. Its cracking is a substitute for the curfew, and intimates the brief respite which is allowed for renovation, in wjiicli tho negro is per- mitted to forget,in a few hours of sleep that he is a slave. Thus the cart-whip associates itself with all the varieties of negro being. It is either in his ears, before Lis eyes, or on his back. Efforts, undoubtedly, have been made, from time to time, by Government, to put the power of tormenting under some control, and to prescribe-limits aïjd'regulations to the caprices of cruelty.' But of wliat hor- rors were bcfoie them, and of how little they have bec» able to elTcct, the blood- stained records of colonial judicature are frightful witnesses, ' The time, however, we trust, is arrived When the British nation will no longer, in tolerating this impious system, incur the guilt of parti- cipation, and be thereby entitled to share in the immortality of shame attached to those who have hitherto, as far as in them lay, resisted all change. The noble aphorism that " slaves cannot breathe in England," will ere long dilate itself be- yond any limit of insular locality-and English power and English liberty will be commensurate. COLONIAL SALT.— We beg the atten- tion of our readers to a letter in to-day's Gazette, on the subject of colonial bay salt. Our correspondent is of opinion that it might be procured at Kangaroo Island of equal strength with that of St. Ubes. The importance of such an acqui- sition must be obvious to every one, and we shall wonder at the unenterprising spirit of Australia if some effort be not made to ascertain the possibility of rea- lizing it. This is just the commencement of that portion of the year in which salt is in general requisition, and as there is no doubt that more meat will be cured this season than in any former one, the discoverer of an Australian St. Ubes would be richly rewarded. 