HILL'S SOIREE. Scene; Editor's Crib. (Mich pacing the room, sucking his thumb, and at intervals scratching his head; O'Shock loung- ing on a sofa, with a bottle of London Particular and a plate of olives before him.) Mich.—Ma vara gude freind, the times are out of joint, and so am I; "the Miscellany," my dear child, appears to have the Cholera, and I know not in what way to effect a cure. "Juvenal" has cut his stick; the public would not digest his elegant eclogues, and he cannot digest the affront. The Anacreontic effusion of H. H. must not see the light, whatever we do at our Soirees; yet by implication, we must not appear to sanction such proceedings. O'Shock sipping his wine.—Yes, very true, (sip) although we may enjoy a comfortable glass, (sip) as an exhilirater (sip) there is no occasion (sip) to to let me see. (sip) yes, to sanction, that is to say, (sip) put the rabble in the way of following their betters, (sip) As to "Juvenal," (eats an olive) these are charming olives? Why, if he is not with us, he is against us; but really (sip) the bee's wing is quite palpable in this wine? What with a few trifles of my own (sip) and your splendid leaders, it may yet stand its ground, (sip, sip) My dear sir, do let me recom- mend you to a glass? (They draw round the fire. O'Shock throws one leg on the table, and the other on the fender. Mich apparently still chop-fallen. O'Shock sings; "The glasses sparkle on the board!" Mich rubbing his hands. That's a vara seensable song, possessing much point; favour me with it. O'Shock sings. Nick joins in chorus, quavering, "We'll drown it in the bow—o—ol!" Mich.—I value your opinion, knowing it to be disinterested. O'Shock laying his left hand on his right heart. —I thank you for your good opinion. Try another glass. I have a trifle on nothing—reads. ON NOTHING. Nothing! thou ghost of nought, My brain's on fire when I think on thee, I try to grapple thee, but then you flit; Come, come, old boy, let's shake thee bv the fist! &c.; &c.; &c.; E. O'S. Mich.—Perfectly astounding! 'tis a point that philosophers have not yet settled; you appear in a fair wav of enlightening the present generation O'Shock. — A prolific brain (sips) will sometimes hit on tough points of argument, (sips) and make a shrewd hit to solve it. (sips.) Mich.—True, true, vara true. O'Shock.—I have a project worthy, sir, which to you I can communicate with confidence; a truly well- written paper is much required in Sydney, and I intend, with the assistance of friends T----- and M-----, to try my poor endea- vours to give the public something really worth their notice. (Mich faints; O'Shock administers a glass Particular, and pops an olive into his mouth.) Mich recovering Oh! Oh! its name! O'Shock.—The Emancipist! Mich (weeping.)—Oh! my worthy friend, do not, do not, quit me! Young as I am in my pre- sent career, it might be fatal! O'Shock.—Don't distress yourself my most worthy friend, I will assist you (sips) with my surplus lucubrations! Mich.—You may alter your intention; or pos- sibly I might join you? O Shock.—Oh! quite impossible, my dear fellow; would not allow my profits to be so on any account absorbed. (sips) Mich.—Then I fear it's all over! O'Shock.—Never fear, more at our next soiree. I must now visit friend T----- on the subject. Mick mournfully.—Farewell! (O'Shock passing himself out by the chairs and tables.) Farewell, dear sir! Mich. Solus.—What an intellect that man pos- sesses! What can I do without um! 