WISDOM OF THE " OF-NO-SECT. " A long article appears in Thursday's Of.no ·'ect," bewailing- the -supposed ignorance 'of Mr. Hume, Lord Howick, ind thl 'Editors of London newspapers, particultrly of the'Cotblrtliisioner.s of Emi gration ; who -have had the audacity'to cease giving away our land to the McLeay and the McArthur factions and their insi dious ramifications, and to sell it to those who really want it, and who, at our public monthly sales; are giving Lord'Goderich an advance (on his minimum price of 5s. an acre) of from 25 to 300 per cent, the proceeds of which also, his Lordship does' not put into the Kiing's -privy purse, but generously lays' it -out'in'deporting to 'the Colony, free seavants, particulhirly fenanle servants. 'For want of such servants;,'ur ecclesiastical establishment, 'th6ugh its sermons and labours cost us £20,000 a' year (which .at Lord-G's minimum price would enable the Colonists to purchase 'of his .Lbrdship 80,000 acres'of lannd-annu ally, ,for the benefit of themselves and their' children), cannot make the common people chaste, nor deter them from visit ing brothels,. nor from being -intimate'with. their'neighbours' wives,'nor do they'pre vent those wives from'feeling their vinity' gratified at ' the ' number " of :suitors who" daily smile upon them'in the streets,'nor. induce them to' resist the'criminal impor tunities-of such of their admirers as'appear most devoted and amiable. The " Of-no.Sect," does"not'nttack the tenas of thousands of pounds lavished by our close Council, who vote the public' money into'their 6V n. pockets; but he at tacks the, thousands, which the buyers of land are cheerfully ald toluntarily paying for those picked wheat lands of the Colony on which the M'Leay and 'M'Arthur and ilerry'factions, had f.,rmerly fixed their gloating ' eyes. 'These patriots having been habituated to the pick of the"Crown' lands :for forty years, cannot now bear t6; see the Colonists of every'ralik and degree' buying and liayingor theth ; 'the-spectacle enrages them ; they grind their .teeth ; and: about 'once a'qoarter they vent their wrath in " a -Leader" -in 'their matchless organ the ",Of-no-SectS" in strains of lamentation over " the ignorance of. Lord. -Goderich, -Lord IHowick, Mr. Ilume, Sir James Mach intosh, Mr. D:xon, and the' ;Editors .of Newspapers.' The writer in the " Of-no.Sect" of Thursdaiy, cunningly quotes a pass:age or two from the London newspnpers, which he is graciously pleased to observe, con :stantly display either gross ignorance or wilfidl misrepresentation. Now the one 'luoted from the Atllas, is a paragraph evi dently fuisted apon the Editor. by some Memniber of the Canadian Land Ciompan , 'who, by thisi ild newspaper "trick, wishes Emigrants-to go and buy hAs land, it lieu. of coming to New South Wales to buy ours. Mr Dixon M.P. through a very natural 'mistake of.the Parliamentary Re porter, was made to call General Darling General Arnold, Arnold at the distance which the Reporters sat from the Speak ers, not'sounding unlike Darling. 'This mistake is the Heporter's, not Mr Dixon's; but it-answered the views of the " Of-no Sect" to ascribe it to Mr Dixon. The Morning Chronicle and Times, ,have 'both 'of 'them at sundry times inserted, under the editorial .character .too, loud censures of General -Darling ; and in subsequent numbers praised him. But every body knows, that the paragraphs. casting odium on Mr Wentworth's fete at Vaucluse, and honour on Darling, and those almnost quarterly paragraphs which puff off the labours of one of out Judges, leaving the 'other two to be consideretl as ciphers, a mere'couple of broomsticks ; are manir fitctured in this country, and transmitted to an Agent in London to be Toisted into the Chronwcle, either for love or money.' The "' Of-no-Sect" 'may lierhaps he too igno.' rant to know.all this ; but if so, he ought not to palm his dullness and inaptitude on this public; or if he do know it, why then his article displays the spirit whici,. governs his pen; 'or he has the disinge niousness to couple the profound know ledge of the Colony which Lord Goderieh* has displayed, with the unwitting and ignorant misrepresentations of ndews Ipaper editors and reporters. In the Des putches of Lord Goderich to General Dar ling and Governor Bonrke on the subject of the sale of the Crown Lands, on quit rents, and on taxing the convicts assigned to the Colonists, and on the emigration of free servants, femnle nn'd mxle, his Lordship quite astonished us by the no curate knowledge which hIe diisklayedo o.f the situation of the Colony in so ;imprtant a bnranch of its ~public' eco .ay. h'rhose despatches having been -',~riced in the Sydnej Gazette, m!ght \- been read by the writer in the e' ct;" for such writers as he, .refer laying their own self sufficient twaddle before the public, to studying the profound sense of studious men such as Lord Goderich., But those who'did read the despntches of his Lord ship, must be disgusted with this writer in the " Of-no-Sect," when he couples Lord Howick (who most likely prepared the despatches in question in rough for Lord G's correction) with the Canadian Land jobbing writer in the Atlas, and the cock ney reporter who mistook Mr Dixon's pronunciation of the word Darling, for Arnold. The writer says '" there can be no doubt that the Ministry, and the (British) pub ,lie in general, have been, misled by Colo nial misrepresentations, which have thrown the Colony ten years back in its career of improvement, by the enforcement of high ,quit-rentls and the sale of land." Ah ! the old sore, ch . quit-rents-! and. sale of land"! ah'! " there's the rub T'-here are seen the ghosts of Council-men M'Arthur and Berry, and Mac, and Dick, and our 1Hospital Inspector, and the whole conclave of back- parlour intriguers, who, by dark intrigues have fattened on . Home ,and local Government patronage for ten, :twenty,- iye,.forty. years past'! They-can i.ot. bear the change-to pay quit-retrt.al ilasf-real/ly to be obliged to pay for the lahind they boaugt, and at- 5s. an acre t6oo '(though if the same laud were now-sold 'it would fetch 10s.)-really it is heart 'breaking ! Shameful ' colanial misre presentations" which britight on us such 'a catastrophe ! Btit for such " misre. presentations" we should still hnvebfeen buying land ad ifinitum, w,ithout paying for it a happy expedient ! worthy of the 'men whb devised the.patent:! besides en joying chalks-on-the-map ad libitum, with reserves for purchase, reserves for grant, reserves with intention to-rent; reserves with no intention to rent, 'reserves for the Church, reserves for our 'friends " the convict surgeons," reserves for our daugh ter's dowries when we can get Indian ad 'venturers to take them offotir hainds,-and. all the.innumerable modes of'aure which 'were invented by Darling and Co... As there is no person " in this". country 'whose writings obtain in London the circu lation which we, at some expensei,:hayve taken care to give-to our own (and shall persevere in giving to them); we have no' doubt that the accusation of " Colonial misrepresentatious" is levelled at u; WVe thank the writer in the " Of-no:Soct".for the compliment.. :Ide is ;quite right `in "supposing.that our "' nisrcpresentations" (if they be such), arepretty widely circu lated -at home. Almost every emigrant ,who arrives, has read our ' Letter to Mr. Gouger.' Many of them call uipon us, and acknowledge, that. that hat tter :is it true picture of the Colony. This letter being published at a very low price, will be bought by most men who .think of coming to N. S. Wales. " The Mac, Dick, Berry, M'Arthur, and Bowman -faction, is. certainly, very unfortunate in being fore stalled by this little pamphlet, and by ano iher which .we transmitted six' months ago, and by a regular series of the Sydney. lunitor, which are sent home in. boxes by every vessel that leaves the harbour for England, and which we devoutly hope, and expect, will keep up these " Colonial; misrepresentations" of which the " Of no-Sect" complains. The fact is, the Darling and M'Arthur factions may. as well give up their intrigues ; we shall beat them out of the field. We have waged war with this faction ever since we, arrived in the Co'ony, and' we will, never quit the field unless we vanquish,. or are vanquished. B3ut we have no, fears for the result. WIVith the Press -in our hands, supported by the character which we hate already secured for our writings in London, as well as in Downing street, & umong those Members of Parli ament who tiouble themselves.about the Colony, our enemies have not the -least chance of success. W? suggested 'in a late number,that the Govcrnor had mtsade an overslglht in not havin'g coupled with his Estimnates of Salariese~tec. &e.; &c.; for the )'ear 1833, a list of prdbable Receiptsfo'r the'same year. The . Governor had done more than ' this, though it did not occur to us at the mo ment~ve-made a'contrary sugges'tidn. :He published the actual rceipts during the previous qiarter of the presetrit year. IIbav?sr.-'The -period has past we be 'lieve; when it has been customary .for ,Governmnent to give notice, that'the road -gangs should 'be lent to the settlers. ;,The latter, w-ill be extremely disappointed, amd in case of' rain, put to loss, if, from ·the increased anxiety of Gdvernment to make progress in the roads, this indulgence be withholden from them. 