Domestic Intelligence. [BY OUR REPORTER.] POLICE INCIDENTS.-SoIomon Gorman was handed to the bar to answer the charge of being drunk in the streets and disturbing the peace. It appeared that a report was spread among the neighbours near to the place where Solomon was found, that the Cock-lane ghost had lately favoured Sydney with a visit. Strange noises were heard without apparent cause. Some averred that the theatre had been the sufferer. But nothing couclusive could be arrived at, except that the sounds of supernatural import were positively heard by good judges of preternatural history. "Jen- nie my honey will ye rin for the Priest to lay this ghost ?" "I would not move out for a span new bonnet (said Jenny) d'ye think I'm mad ?" The constables arriving at this time, and being rather mettlesome as well as med- dlesome, they swore, that they would either lay the ghost, or the ghost should lay them. The clock tolled the solemn hour of midnidght, and the noise still continued at intervals. After waitiing for their cue, the watchmen dis- covered, that it proceeded from a drain, which served to render it more gutteral and of course ghostifical. They proceeded cautiously to- wards the sound, when the figure was ob- served to raise itself and sit upright, and pre- sently he gave forth a howl from his ghostly lungs, which would have shaken the Hero of Waterloo himself had he been these. The watchmen however, braver than Wellintgton, advanced, though with trembling knees. They grasped the ghostly phantom, when lo ! it turned out to be flesh and blood ! "Come along Mr. Ghost" said the soul-revived watch- man; "Me ghost ! you vilifying catchpole (retorted the fleshy spirit) me a ghost ! that has got a corporation as overgrown as that of Bristol ! me a ghost, that put aside sixteen half- pints of max no later than last night ! you ought to be ashamed of yourself to take away a man's character in this way ! "This was ut- tered in a voice so uproarious, and accompa- nied by such threatening gestures, that the gentlemen of the baton thought it advisable to confine him in a place of security. A female servant of Mr. Caleb Salter was next placed at the bar. It appeared that the lady had been in the habit of indulging in midnight reveries. A child of' nature, she delighted to view the silvery ocean on moon- light nights, for which poetical purpose the sash of her windows had been thrown up. Her master had frequently told her, that he had other work for her to perform besides star- gazing, but still he could not wean her from her favourite study. On the night in ques- tion, he was determined to assure himself that the stars were the sole objects of the romantic maid's regard, and for this purpose, he watched. As usual, up flew the sash ; and in the course of a few minutes a planet from the stars, but in angel-human form, warbled in a soprano strain, On no we'll never mention it, To any mortal man ! I'll come in here when I think fit- And catch me if they can ! "And so I will" (said Salter) making a spring at him at the same time ; but the planet was gone ! " Like the baseless fabric of a vision, Leaving not a trace behind !" Captain Rossi-What have you to say ma- dam in your defence, for having your master's house open at night, and a young man from the spheres courting you-Eh ?) you are a fine woman ! Prisoner-Oh, may it please your Worship, have you never felt the force of the tender passion ? "Love's wooer of kisses and blisses!" and what poor frail danghter of Eve can withstand the naughty sex ? Captain Rossi-What ! you are impudent ! Prisoner -Nay your Worship, say not so, there's a dear man in the case. Captain Rossi-What was the man's name who was under your window ? Prisoner (with a look of horror- Does Your Worship think I will be incon- stant ? Oh Sir, you are deceived; women al- though but women, are true to those they love ! Constable-Drop your squeaking Peg and tell his Worship your Pal's name? Prisoner- My Pal ! Am I your Worship to be insulted this way? (sobbing). Captain Rossi-Well madam, Ill cure you of these tricks.-- Two months third class. Susan Somerfield next made her conge to his Worship. It appeared that the prisoner had been arrested in a circumnavigiatory voy- age round Sydney, with a bundle of clothes which she still held in her arms. She was charged by the apprehending constable with being drunk and abusive when taken up. Captain Rossi-Prisoner, are you not ashamed to get drunk with that pretty young child in your arms ? (His Worship mistook the bundle of clothes for a child). Prisoner--La ! your Worship-this here is not a child ! You makes me blush ! I never has had had a child your Worship. This here is a bundle of clothes. Captain Rossi-Well; well, it is all the same. Why did you get drunk? Mr. Dalton, to whom the prisoner was assigned, here stated, that she had gone away without leave from her service, but that was a small offence compared with another. When she went away she took a little curly French dog with her which was invaluable. Monsieur Fripenu (that is the dog's name your Worship) could creep into a pint pot, he was so beauti- fully small and delicate. Monsieur in fact could not be equalled in the Colony. Cap- tain Rossi--What have you done with Monsieur Fripeau, Madam ? Prisoner-Why your Wor- ship, I was coming into Sydney to give myself up to the Police, and on my way to the Police Office, in passing Cumming's Hotel- Capt. R.-What, in comning from the poor-house to the Police Office, you got down to Cumming's Hotel Madam ! Prisoner-Why your Wor- ship I did not know my way, for I only arrived the other day per Burrell. And so as I said before your Worship, I got to Cumming's, and then I met the Captain and some men of the ship, and they says to me, " Suke (says they) will you have a drop of brandy this morning ?" I will, says l, and got bless you for the same for I have lost my way ! "Out of your course ? (says one of em) then may I sink but I'll pilot you my lass safe into port ? And so your Worship we had a glass together ; and- Mr. Dalton said, that she was generally a good servant, and that if she would only bring Monsieur Fripeau home; he begged she might be admonished and discharged. The Bench accordingly discharged the prisoner. A man stepped into the box, and pushing by the Clerks, giving each in his turn a memento on the elbow, demanded a summons for a man who had assaulted him. Captain Rossi-Who commtitted the assault on you? Complainant-Why you must understand Sir, that I arrived in this Colony a few weeks back, under the immediate patronange of Lord Gode- rich, (hem!) when, who'd have thought it, dem-me, this man seemed to wish to butcher me! Captain Rossi-Come Sir, to the point who, if any person, assaulted you ? Com- plainant -Why, Sir, if you will allow, me, I will endeavour, as tersely as possible to inform you, but really if you interrupt me, I shall not be able ; you see then Sir, that as I before stated, I came to his Colony under--Captain Rossi-We don't want to hear your history my good Sir ! Complainant angrily-Another interruption ! well, certainly, that's what might not inaptly be termed manners, beg- ging your pardon Sir. Captain Rossi- Hear me Sir, either tell me who assaulted you, or else, you had better go away about your busi- ness, Complainant-I can't bear to be in- terrupted, but I'll try again; I arrived- Captain Rossi-Why you have arrived three time ; already ; once is quite sufficient, for the time of the BenchSir, who assaulted you ? Complainant-Why then, as brevity seems to he an imperative duty in this Court, Dr. Con- nolly assaulted me: Captain Rossi-Why could you not say so at once Sir ? (to the Clerk) gire him a summons. Warburton v. Moore This was a case of assault ; the complainant stated, she was walking up the street towards her own house on the Brickfield Hill, when the defendant who lives next door to her, assaulted, and beat her violently ; applicant called a wit- ness. Ann Butler sworn-When the blaze's am I brought here for ? Captain Rossi- Why bless me, the woman's mad or drunk ; are you drunk ? Witness-I may be, I may be, I may be. Captain Rossi-I shall put you in the stocks a little, and then perhaps you will behave properly. Witness, contemptu- ously-You put me in the stocks ? No, no, it is not come to that yet; I'l be d--d if you put me in thl stocks ! Constable-Stand up madam, and behave yourself before their Worships, or I'll fine you for swearing. Wit- ness -Go to- with you. Captain Rossi- Take her to the stocks for an hour. Witness -No, no, not quite so fast, come I'll'give my evidence, I'll be d--d if ever the man shruck her at all. I saw'em, and I say he did not strike her at all. Complaintant-Your Wor- ship, she has taken tip. Witness-Mrs. Muck, I say you were lying in the street, all of a gore of blood; you know you was dead drunk. (snapping her fingers.) Captain Rossi-Make out a commitment for this wom- man to go 14 days to Jail for Contempt. Witness- Commit me to Jail ? (putting her arms a kimho,)- commit, your grand mother to Jail you mean, I don't care a * * * The witness was removed from the Court by a strong muster of the constanbles, three or four of whom she knocked down, 'ere they could secure her in the watch-house. The Campbell-town Quarter Sessions opened on Tuesday last, and closed the same day. This looks well for the state of that part of the Colorny. The Sydney Quarter Sessions commence on the 19th instant. A marine Hotel is to be erected on the Point Piper Domain, on the beautiful new line of road lately constructed through the estate. On that part which courses the sea beach, near Rose Bay, is to be situated the new tavern, hotel, and tea and coffee gardens. The Sydney College has reached the top of the second story. Speaking technically, a very pleasant little mill came off on Friday last, between Darbyshire, the celebrated boxer, and a youth named Paddy Dunn, an orphan, who was introduced to the cogescenti in the art of self-defence, by a soldier, who, after bringing him up, left. Paddy in the Colony while he went to gather laurels abroad. On stripping, the native (Darby) shewed, speaking professionally, as if he had been prigged from a bone-yard ; the Irish boy was also well-proportioned in the hull, with a stout pair of pins under him. Notwithstanding the queer look of Darbyshire, the lad was in tip-top order, yet on entering the ring, the odds were, somehow or other, 5 to I in favour of the native. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the ring was formed, Darby claiming the polite attentions of Tom Hipple (who by- the-bye, beat Darby some time ago) with an assistant; Paddy having the distin- guished countenance of Ben M'Dowall, of proper celebrity, and Tom the Milk- man, of sky-blue notoriety. At setting-to, the Irish boy fought shy, while Darby was all alive, and played round him like a cooper round a cask. Darby's blows were too much thrown off into " the de- sert air" by the tact of the " lad of the bog," who placed counter-hits each time on Darby's proboscis, Which shewed ruby. After the first ten- rounds, the odds were all to one against Darby. The Paddy evinced a remarkably genteel action, and punished Darby in the body severely. The last twenty-five rounds, Paddy had his own way of its notwithstanding that Darby fouht game. The Seragtians did not for- get to scatter the chaff which in the onset had been liberally tossed to them. The Irish lad was at length declared the victor, and consequently handled the stakes forth- with, they being £5 aside. The sport was brought to a conclusion without in- terruption, and the company returned to town, some with hearts elated and clys well blunted, others with pockets some- what lightened, and with profiles propor- tionably long. The quality adjourned to to a grog shop, where the Grecians toasted the Irish boy. Advices have been received in town, of the sailing from Leith, of the Minerva and North Briton, with merchandize and passengers. They are expected every day. On Friday last, an Inquest was held at the Baker's Arms, George Street, on the body of Frances Jacobs, a girl of eight years of age, who died from a severe injury from burning, It appeared that the girl had been left in the charge of the house, and going too close to the fire, her cloaths, caught the flame, and before it could be extinguished, the poor girls' body was so severely burned, as to occasion her death, after languishing in great agony. Mr. Hyland has purchased a second Go- vernor Darling, from a gentleman of Ar- gyle. The bullock, independently of his frame, is so very fat, as to be nearly unsta- ble to travel. The story of so many ghosts and hob- goblins being the first amusement to be introduced at the theatre, is a mistake. There is to be only one ghost in the first piece, and that for the accommodation of the ladies, will be of the most modern fashion. All jokes aside, Mr. Levey has requested the favor of a committee of gentlemen, to choose from a list of per- formances, which might be thought most suitable to the Colony. A dinner is to be given by an individual Freemason to his military brethren, on the eve of their departing the Colony. The Freemasons belonging to the 39th, are much esteemed by their brother Masons of Sydney. The dinner is to be given at Printer's Arms. The SupremeCriminal Court opens by special commission to- morrow. Hart's case is the first on the list, and it is ex- pected that the seamen of the Burrell, for a robbery on board that vessel, will be the second. An Inquest was held on Sunday last, at the Rose amd Crown Inn, Castlereagh Street, on the body of John Mick, a pri- vate belonging to the 17th regiment, who fell suddenly from the dinner tablle, and expired almost immediately. The Jury were conmposed of half civil and half mi- litary men, and returned a verdict of Died by the visitation of God. The gentleman who bought the elegant dinner service of Mr. Icely, has had the misfortune to be deprived of it. It was carefully packed up, and the crate placed in his dray. In travelling up the country, the dray was upset, and the service broken to pieces. The Chief Justice, though improving in health is still so far an invalid, as to be unable to attend to business.- In conse- queunce, the Court will be delayed sitting in Banco until his recovery. Mr. Thorpe, Civil Engineer, has con- tracted to complete the roof and flooring of the Catholic Chapel, for £377. It is a pity that some plan is not hit on to finish this beautiful building at once. A license has been granted at last to Mr. M'Laughlin, the lessee of the Market- house and market. This house, when licensed before, was of great convenience to the settlers, who of course arrive all hours during the night, and many of whom have frequently rested in the Market-place, for want of this convenient house. Mr. Levy submitted his plans and in- tended regulations for the Theatre, to his Excellency the Governor, and requested, that he inight be allowed to call his Ex- celency the Patron of the Theatre; His Excellency was satisfied with the arrange- ments, which were carefullly made so as to render tihe amusements moral and in- structing; and graciously permitted his name to be inserted as the Patron. Mr. Levy is making more diligent exertion than hitherto, being elevated with the hope, of not only amusing the public, but at the same time, amusing his pocket profitably. 