COURT MARTIAL ON CAPTAIN WAR- RINGTON. MONDAY.--Sir H. Fene announced to the assembled Court-martial, that he had received a letter from the secretary, Lord Hill, with these words:-- Having communicated your letter to the Com- mander-in chief, I have been instructed by his lordship to request that you will forthwith dissolve the Court-martial appointed on the late Colonel Brereton . Consequently (said Sir Henry) this Court is dissolved. The latter then proceeded to order, that the same officers should hold themselves in readiness to form a Court martial for the trial of Captain Warrington, of the 3d dragoon guards, the charges against whom would be forwarded from the Horse Guards. The Court martial certified its minutes and ad- journed.. TUESDAY.- The Court martial assembled, and the Judge Advocate swore in the president and members. The Court was composed exactly as before, and Sir C. Dalbine occupied his former situation as prosecutor. The charges were, that he, Captain William Henry Warrington, being on the night of Sunday, the 30th of October, 1831, in the personal command of a troop of the 3d regiment of dragoon guards, in the city of Bristol at a tine when it was peculiarly necessary that the only military force in Bristol should act in the most prompt and effectual manner for the protection of the city, and after a formal re- quest froth Mr. T. Kingston, a merchant, who sought the aid of the troops to prevent the burning of the Custom house, not only refuse to order out the troop, but used no means of conveying the information, or the purport thereof, to Colonel Brereton, and by this neglect the Custom-house was destroyed. That on the receipt of a letter from the Mayor of Bristol, which was as follows-- Bristol, 3 o'clock, Monday morning, Oct, 21. Sir,--I direct you, as commanding officer of his Majesty's troops, to take the most rigorous, effect- tive, and decisive measures in your power, to quell the existing riot, and prevent further destruction of property. I am, Sir, &c.; CHARLES PINNEY.. Captain Warrington neither acted on this let- ter, nor referred it to his superior officer. In consequence of this neglect several houses were burned by the rioters. 3. That the said Captain Warrington, the only commissioned officer in Bristol with the said troop, except- ing a young cornet of not more than sixteen months service in the army, instead of being active and ready to co-operate with the magis- trates, permitted a detachment to march to the gaol, under the sole command of that cornet, remaining himself in quarters ; alto- gether absenting himself from said quarters, and from the neighbourhood thereof, and re- mained absent from the same for a very con- siderable time, during which time--namely, at or about eight o'clock in the evening--a de- tachment of the troop, consisting of nearly the whole of the disposable part thereof, being called out to protect the palace of the Bishop of Bristol from a violent attack made thereon by the rioters, such detachment proceeded to the said palace, under the command of one troop officer only, being the young cornet before mentioned ; that he, instead of going to the troop, went to bed at ten o'clock during its absence; and on the following morning again suffered the troop to proceed to Queen- square, under the same command ; showing altogether a want of the vigour and activity requisite in the situation in which he was placed, highly unbecoming and disgraceful to his character as an officer, and calculated to bring dishonour on his Majesty's service. Captain Warrington, who was assisted by a military friend, stated, that he had no object- tion to offer to the list of members. Adjourned to Wednesday, the 25th inst. JEW DAVIS.-The Gentleman who owned 'his appellation, was a well-known and excen- tric comedian. He once fancied himself ex- tremely ill-used by a manager, and determin- ed on revenge. John Kemble came to star in Hamlet. The house was crowded to excess, and Davis "did enact" the Gravedigger. All went "smooth as milk of roses" until the entrance of the mourners with Ophelia's coffin, when Davis deliberately got into the grave and lay down. John Kemble whisper- ed "Come up, Sir"--" No, no," said Davis, "this is a new reading of mine, and I'll stick to it " Entreaty was unavailing; Ophelia was buried on the Gravedigger, and the rest of the tragedy passed in dumb show. THE GHOST OF NAPOAEON.--At the Man- sion- house, on Saturday, M. Pierre De Blois, a French gentleman, who resides in chambers in Leadenhall-street, was summoned before the Lord Mayor, for beating Rafoel Spaglietti, an image-seller, and breaking a very fine bust of Napoleon Buonaparte. It appeared, that the Italian went up stairs to the defendant's room door, at the top of which there was a glass; he raised.up the head of the image, which was made of pale clay, to the glass, and said softly," buy my ghost of Napoleon." M. De Blois, who had known the Emperor, thought he saw his ghost; and exclaiming "Oh, Christ save us" fell on the floor in a fit. The Italian seeing no chance of a sale that day, went away, and returned the next. M. De Blois, in the meantime, having recov- ered from his fit, and hearing how his terror had been excited, felt so indignant, that the moment he saw Spaglietti at his door the next day, he flew at him, and tumbled him and the Emperor down stairs together. It happened, that a confectioner's man was at that moment coming up stairs with a giblet pie, to a Mr. Wilson who resided in the Chambers, and the Emperor and Italian, in their descent, alighted on his tray, which broke their fall, and saved the Italian's head, but could not save Napo- leon's, which was totally destroyed; the giblet pie also suffered so much from the collision, that Mr. Wilson refused to have any thing to do with it. --After a good deal of explanation amongst the parties, and a good deal of laugh- ter amongst the auditors, M. De Blois agreed to pay for the pie, and Mr. Wilson generously paid for the loss of the Emperor. At the Irish National Union, on Tuesday last (an account of which be found in another column), Mr. O'Connell states, that certain expressions attributed to him in The Chronicle of the 2d January, as having been spoken at a Meeting of the Dublin Tradesmen, are not in any report of his speech which he had seen. We copied them from 'The Dublin Times, and took it for granted that the report was accurate. A NOVEL STAG HUNT.---On the 6th Inst. as the Balloon coach was crossing Hart- side on its way from Benrith to Alston, a noble stag joined it near Greenfell Kilns, just at the time the coach guard was sound- ing his horn, and gamboled along the road with them for some time, when he seemed inclined to part company with his travel- ling companions. Perceiving his inten- tions, the guard blew up again; this caused him to bound up to the coach a second time, and he continued to amble and prance with the party, apparently fond of the music. When they came near the town of Alston, the sight of such a stranger drew the attention of the people so much together, to have a peep at him, that he be- gan to be uneasy at the sight of so many strangers. He jumped over a wall from the road, and rambled down the banks to Blackburn; he tried to immerse himself in the water, but was partly prevented by the frozen state of the burn. By this time great numbers of folks had collected, when a regular chace was begun, and he was pursued to near Alston Brewery, where he crossed the Tyne, and took shelter amongst Mr. Hodgson's firs, but was soon routed, and recrossed the river, and again sheltered in the Hospital's plantation in Hall-hill ; but driven by numbers from that hold, he took the water a third time, and in attempting to leap over a wall in the Lowbyer Holms, he fell back and was taken by some young men, who secured him by putting ropes to his antlers; after which he was led around the town in triumph by his capturers, and then taken to Mr. Hetherington's the Manor House Inn, where he will be taken care of till he is claimed. It is supposed that he has strayed from the park of E. W. Hasell, Esq., Dalemain-- although it has since been understood, that that gentleman has none of his breed.--Carlisle Journal. PRACTICAL REFORM.--Some one having ately, complained to Lord Anglesey of the corrupt state of the breed of hackneys in Anglesey, his Lordship, with that truly patriotic desire of improvement for which he is so noted, immediately replied, " then I'll improve them." For that pur- pose he has now sent over into Anglesey a beautiful stallion, fifteen hands high, own brother to Napoleon, "which is considered the best horse in Ireland. As to his figure and action, it is quite sufficient to say that he was the favourite hackney of his Lord- ship, and of his son Lord Alfred Paget. He has, by universal suffrage, received the name of "Russell." --Caernarvon Herald. POLITE THIEVES.--Some fellows having carried off a writing-desk, containing silver medals, old coins, and papers and bills of exchange, from the house of Mr. Jones, in Hatton-garden, they on Saturday sent a parcel to Mr. Read, an officer of Hatton- garden, containing the bills and papers, with the following note:--'' DEAR SIR-- The entlosed being of no use to us, we have too much honour to keep them from the persons to whom they may be of ser- vice. We found them in a writing-desk, which we took the liberty of removing from the parlour of 8, Hatton-garden, on Thursday last, and which we after- wards dropped in Gray's Inn-road.--Yours Obedient, -- " PETER and JACK." DIED- This day, at her residence in Prince-street, Mrs. CATHERINA GARRATT, Widow of the late JAMES HAMPTON GARRATT, Esq. of Market Lavington, Wiltshire. 