english extract. ADELPHI THEATRE. The first experiment of the French Opera, Robert le Diable, was made at this theatre last night, and it was attended wiih complete success ; indeed, the experice in curred in bringing out the niece, and the effects produced by that expence, entitle the managers to every credit. The En glish title given is. The Devil's Son, and it is exactly one ot those exhibitions least calculated for performance' in a small house j nevertheless, Yates showed how much may be done in a very circumscri bed area, and how little advantage, even in thi3 respect, large theatres possess. We have never seen a spectacle better mana ged on the whole, or accomplishing more striking and novel appearances. The Scenery was much varied, and well painted. As for the music, it was not pretended that it was by Meyerbeer, excepting in one or two instances, particularly a glee for five voices, with a most singular ac companiment upon a9 many drums. The effect was rather strange than pleasing, and in some sort, this may be given as a criticism upon the whole representation. The story is a sort of Faust — Freishutz — D on Juanked production, where the hero sells himself to the fiend for the sake of accomplishing certain worldly purposes, including a victory over a rival warrior, and a marriage with a lovely lady. In this case Robert of Normandy (Hemmings), with whose reputation unwarrantable li berties have been taken from time imme morial, is represented as the son of a de mon, who has sold himself to a superior fiend, and is bound by compact to produce a victim in his own offspring, whom he trains from vice to vice, from degradation to degradation, until he reduces him from the station of a gallant and unconquerable Knigh', to that of an abject craven. When he has brought him to this last and lowest stage, the fiend, who calls himself Bertram (Yates), offers for Robert's signature the usual writing; and he is on the point of affixing his name, when Isabella, the he roine (Mrs. Yates), rushes in and saves Robert from final and unalterable condem nation. His rival at this period is a spirit, conjured by the Devil for his own purpo ses, and the spell is dissolved by the piety and prayers of Isabella, added by the ghost of Robert's mother, who had been origi nally seduced by Bertram. Each of the three 'acts is concluded by a tableau, very well constructed, and, in Its effect, with the assistance of artificial lights, almost magical. Oue of these represents the ruins of an old nunnery, where " Coffins stood round like empty presses, That shewed the dead in their last dresses and by the magical power of the demo n I hey are all restorled to life. The ma chinery here did not act obediently, but it was not so obstropolous as to do much in jury to the scene. The whole of the stage sank, and left the demon and his victim, as it were, standing insulated. We ought to mention, that it is in this scene that the hero plucks the fatal cypress bough from the statue of St. Rosalie, which is to make him invulnerable, and to give him youth eternal. The last scene exhibits a splen did marriage ceremony, the stage and paintings being so contrived as to give the spectator a notion of much greater extent than really exists for the operations of the performers. The dresses were really gor geous, and when Yates gave out the piece for repetition every evening until further notice, the applause was universal. Reeve has a part in which he displays some ex quisite buffoonery, ad libitum and other wise, making two or three delightfully execrable puns, which we suppose were his own. Buckstone is the reputed parent of this version of Robert le Diable. Gutting the Fish ! — One evening a red headed Connaught swell, of no small aris- cratic pretensions in his own eyes, sent his servant, whom he had just imported from the long- horned kingdom, in all the rougli majesty of a creature fresh from the " wilds,'' to purchase a hundred of oysters on the City-quay. Paddy staid so long away, that squire Trigger got quite im patient and unhappy lest his " body man" might have slipt into the Liffey ; howe ver, to his infinite relief, Paddy soon made his appearance, puffing and blowing like a disabled bellows, but carrying his load seemingly in great triumph. Well, Pat, cried the master, what the devil kept you so long ? JLong,! a thin, may be it's what you'd have me to come home with half my airant > says Pat. Half the oys ters > says the master. No ; but too much ot the fish, says Pat. What fish ? says he. 'i he oysters, to be sure, say Pat. What do you mean, blockhead ? says he. I mean, says Pat, that there was no use with loading myself with more nor was useful. Will you explain yourself ? says he. I w.ll, says Pat, laying down his load. W ell then, you see, plaise your Honour, as I was coming home along the quay, mighty peaceable, who should I meet but Shammus Maginnis ; Good morrow, Shamien, sis I ; Good morrow kindly, Paudeen, sis he ; What is it you have in the sack sis he ; A cwt. of oys ters, sis I ; Let us look at them, says he; I will, and welcome, sis I ; Orah ! thun der and pratees ! sis he, openin the sack an examinin them ; who sowld you these ? One Tom Kinahan that keeps a small ship there below, sis I ; Mushr then, bad luck to that same Tom that sowld the likes to vou, sis he ; Arrah, why, avic 1 sis I ; To make a Bolshour ov yon an give thim to you without gutting thim, sis lie; An arn't they gutted, Jim, aroon, sis 1 ? Oh ! bad luck to one o' thim, sis he ; Musha then, sis I, what dhoult will I do at all, fur the master will be mad ; Do ! sis he, why I'd rather do the thing for you mysel nor you should lose your place, sis he ; so wid that he begins to gut them wid his knife, note and clain, an afeered ov dirty ing the flags, besor, he swallowed the guts from beginning to ind, tal he had thim as dacent as you see thim here — dashing down at his master's feet his bag of oyster shells, to the no small amaze ment of the Connaught worthy, as you may suppose.— Dublin Comet. More Sabbath- Protecting Humbug. — We learn that a gang of saintly hypocrites at the head of whom is a preacher of the sect called " Independents,"' have been visiting the bakers of Chelsea, and en deavouring to induce them, by threats and canting exhortations, to cease their long- established practice of baking the dinners of the poor on " the Lord's Day." In consequence of these Maw-worn attemps to deprive the industrious artisans of Chelsea of the enjoyment of a comfortable meal on their only day of rest from toil, a public-spirited individual has given ex tensive circulation to a hand-bill, of which the following is a copy : — " To the Inhabitants of Chelsea general ly ; and the Poorer Part in particular — Whereas divers silly and weak-minded persons in your parish have recently formed themselves into a Select Band of Oppressors, and in exercise of their func tions. have made a great bustle and bel lowing about the due observance of the Lord's Day ; which day I, in common with every good Christain, should rejoice to see truly and scriptually observed ; and which observance allows the doings of works of necessity and of mercy. Now the very persons constituting the above band, making such an outcry against the bakers, (who accommodate those of you who have not, as this band have, divers servants at home to cook their mutton,) not only profane the Lord's Day by c> im pelling their own servants to work harder in the cooking way on that day than on any other in the week, but make it a day of visiting, gluttony and drunkenness, which is most unnecessary and unmerciful. Will not God be avenged on such an hypocritical band as this ? I trow he will until he does, I hope, my friends, you will altogether disregard the injunc tions of these empty professors, and go on in the enjoyment of your baked beef, mutton, pig, pudding, pies, and other prime things ; for which God send you all good appetites, which I have heard say is the best sauce ; if any of the bakers be influenced by this band to close their shops or refuse to bake your dinners, deal only with those that will " Rousseau says, that woman being by her nature more feebls than man, is for that very reason inferior to him, conse quently ought to obey and yield all her rights to him. On the same principle he thinks, that the mother should not have the same aurthority over the children as the father, because the weakness of her constitution, and her frequent infirmities, preclude her aspiring to that vigorous health enjoyed by man. This philosophy may be very well for lions and tigers, whose rights are in proportion to their strength. The tread-mill is an admirably just in vention, by which a strong man suffers no fatigue, and a weak man loses his health for 1 fe. The following strange occurrence has lately taken place at Champignolles (Eure) : — An inhabitant of the village having dug a hole to entrap a wolf, put upon it a live goose as a bait for the voracious animal. Another inhabitant, on perceiving the fluttering goose at a distance, approached it, and fell, into the ditch, which was eight feet deep, the sides being cut out so as to form an inverted cone. He vainly attempted to get out, and was patiently waiting for the return of day ; but he had not waited long when something very heavy fell upon his shoulders. This was a wolf, attracted by the bait. The fright of the poor man may be easily imagined ; that of the wolf was equally great, for he immed iately got into a corner, whence he did not stir all night. When day appeared, the man who had made the trap came up for his prey, and he was not a little surprised at finding his two prisoners. The man was taken out more dead than alive. No forbearance was shown to the wolf, which was killed in spite of his forbearance dur- ing the night.— -French Paper. 