THE GOLDEN BODKIN. AN ILLUSTRATION OF SAYINGS AND DOINGS. (From the Mirror.) It was the vesper-hour when the lovely Lady Victorine entered the church of St. Geneviève with her liege lord the Marquess de Montespan, and proceeding slowly down a side aisle of that magnificent fane, pros- trated herself upon the steps of an altar of black marble, upon which burned in silver cassolettes, two small glimmering fires, sparingly fed with frankincense, and serving rather to render visible, than to illumine the gloom of the niche in which the altar stood; whilst the tapers which twinkled like glow- worms here and there in the body of the spacious temple, indicated the presence of worshippers, who, in the uncertain and vasty darkness, were scarcely beheld. The Mar- quesa de Montespan kneeled beside his fair lady, and a couple of domestics at a respect- ful distance from the noble pair, whilst the solemn pealing of the organ intermingled with the low murmurings of human voices, and the sweet, full-toned responses of the choir, aided and attested the devotion of those who now attended vespers in the church of St. Geneviève. The sacred ser- vice was nearly concluded, when the atten- tion of the congregation was painfully di- verted from the solemn duty in which they were engaged, by thrilling shrieks proceed- ing from one of the side aisles, and an un- common stir and tumult about the dark ora- tory of the Montespans, to which, therefore, a crowd was presently attracted. Alas ! for the brevity and vanity of life I The Mar- quess, who had but so short a time since entered the church in manly prime, health, and strength, and in the full flush of happi- ness and hope, now suddenly, aye, even as he knelt beside his beautiful wife, and even as their spirits mingled in the same acts of devotion, the Marquess now, struck by the angel of death, laid cold, senseless, and mo- tionless, in the arms of his servants, who were vainly endeavouring to recall that vital spark which was totally extinct. Victorine, the young and lovely Marchioness, thus sud- denly and awfully reduced to widowhood, had fallen into such violent hysterics, as to render the task of supporting her almost dangerous to a noble youth who had volun- tarily undertaken it. The consternation of the spectators at this tragical spectacle may be well imagined ; but some two or three of them had, nevertheless, presence of mind sufficient to fetch a physician, and after me- dical aid had somewhat restored to compo- sure the unhappy Victorine, she, with her deceased husband, upon whom, alas! all ef- forts of art had been bestowed in vain, was carefully conveyed to the Hotel de Montes- pan. Upon the breast of the Comte de Vil leroi had the head of the afflicted Marchio- ness rested, in the eventful hour of her sad bereavement, and in less than six months did he supply to her the place of her departed lord. This event occurred, as it was then deemed, prematurely, and the precise and censorious blamed the indelicate haste with which Victorine had exchanged her weeds for bridal attire ; but the kind-hearted ob- served, " Poor young creature, all Paris knows that Villeroi was the elected of her lieart, long ere she was forced into a mar- riage with Montespan ; no wonder therefore is it, that the first act of her recovered li- berty should be, that of throwing herself into his arms ;" so " all Paris," after this appeal to its knowledge of private history, and best sympathies, could do no less than take the charitable side of the question, and " Madame la Comtesse de Villeroi was al- lowed, unmolested by the voice of public censure, to reign awhile as bride and belle in the higli circles which her beauty and agree- able qualities so well fitted her to adorn. Ere long, however, it was surmised that Vic- torine found herself not quite so happy in her union with the object of her first affec- tion as she had anticipated she should be ; she was pale, spiritless, and absent ; some . times started when addressed, as if only ac- customed to the accents of authority un mingledwith kindness; her cheeks were hol- low, her eyes sunken and rayless, and her smile was the very mockery of mirth ; evi- dently she was not happy, and the appa- rently affectionate attentions lavished upon her by the Comte, tended not to diminish suspicions that he was not altogether so amiable at home, as he took pains to appear in society. However, balls and fêtes fol- lowed the union of the young couple very gaily for some months, and every body said that the Comtesse de Villeroi, rich, beauti- ful, and beloved, ought to be the happiest creature in existence. Something more than a year after the de- mise of the Marquess de Montespan, Paris was thrown into considerable consternation by a report originating with some of the petty officers of the sacred establishment, that the church of St. Geneviève was haunted ; old Albert Morel, the sexton, protesting, upon the faith of a good Catholic, that he had heard, when occasionally in the church alone, a strange rattling noise pro- ceed from the vaults beneath it. " What this could be," he remarked, " was past comprehension, unless it were ghosts play- ing at skittles with their own dead bones." Some people laughed at this idea, and some sapiently shaking their heads, declared with ominous looks, that Morel was no fool, but knew what he knew, whilst eveiy one agreed that some foundation, at least there must be, for the fearful tale. At length, in the church of St. Geneviève, it became necessary for the interment of some individual of rank, to open the very vault from whence seemed chiefly or entiiely to proceed the strange and alarm- ing sounds, and this happened to be that in which were deposited the mortal remains of the Maiquessde Montespan; from his coffin (a mere wooden shell) it was now ascertained that the rattling proceeded, and, as upon in- spection, a hole was observed to have been drilled in the wood, as if by the teeth of some animal, it was judged expedient to open and examine further. The remains o? the Marquess were discovered in a state of dry decomposition, with his head as com- pletely severed from his body as if by the stroke of an axe; but, horror of horrois! that head, that skeleton skull, moved, as those who opened the coffin stood to gaze on its revolting contents, and rolled to and fro by itself ! Dismay seized the spectators, who were about to rush in disorder from the spot, when one more courageous than the rest, laying hold of the skull, shook it vio- lently for some moments, when, from one of the eye-sockets dangled the tail of a rat ! The cause of the strange sounds heard by Morel and others, connected with the church of St. Geneviève, was now obvious; the vo- racious animal had entered when lean and small into the head of the deceased Mar- quess, by the eye, but after revelling upon the brain of the unfortunate defunct for some time, had increased to the size which ren- dered its exit by the same passage impossi- ble, and its efforts at extrication from hor- rible thraldom, caused the rattling of the disjoined head in the coffin. It was pro- posed to saw asunder the skull, in order to free the creature, and the advice of Albert Morel, that the operation should be per- formed by one of the medics! fraternity, who might be glad to witness the fact of a rat being imprisoned in a human head, was cheerfully taken. Some, however, objected to its being done, without application for leave having been made to the Comtesse de Villeroi, as one to whom the proprietorship* of hef deceased husband's remains naturally and solely appertained, and who might feel it as a cruel insult towards herself, and a sacrilegious violation of the grave of her first lord, the consigning without her know- ledge and permission, any part of his body to the hands of a surgeon. " Tush !" quoth old Morel, "all nonsense that! for if one may believe what has long been town-talk, 'tis little that Madame will care for her dead husband now she has a living one who pleases her better than ever he could do, poor man !" The sexton's arguments were conclusive, and it was agreed at last, that the skull should be carried to Monsieur Nicolais, the cele- brated surgeon, who had unavailingly at- tempted, by bleeding, toiecoverlhe late Mar- quess from the apoplexy which carried him off. A large and brilliant party had assembled j at the chateau de Vermont, the residence of the gay and opulent Comte de Villeroi and his lady, to celebrate the christening of their first-born, when, in the midst of a splendid banquet, an alarm was given that the house was surrounded by police and gens d'armes, who required in the King's name a suriender of the persons of the Comte and Comtesse de Villeroi, they standing attainted of foul and treasonable murder ! The confusion and dismay which seized all parties upon this ter- rible catastrophe, it is impossible to describe; but it is suffices to state, that the Comte de Villeroi was impeached for, and fully com- mitted lor trial on the charge of having felo- niously aided and abetted Victorine de Vil- leroi (late Montespan), in wilfully and ma- liciously causing the death of her late liege husband, Herbert de Montespan, by thrust- ing a long pin, or bodkin of gold into his right ear, well knowing that the same enter- ing into his brain, would cause instantaneous dissolution. Master Nicolais, it appeared, in sawing open the skull of the deceased, with anatomical science and precision, had found a pin or Golden Bodkin like that des- cribed in the indictment, and like what were at this period much used by ladies in fasten- ing up their hair, bearing the initials V. M. which he perceived had been violently thrust through the orifice of the ear, into the brain of the unfortunate victim. This inference as to the fiendish murderer was inevitable and just ; and the horror-struck practitioner scrupled not to incite the relations of the late Marquess to summon witnesses, and lay a criminal information against Victorine de Villeroi as principal in, and Annand de Vil- leroi as accessary to, this abominable trans- action. Upon trial, the innocence of the Comte, as to the slightest knowledge of his wife's secret and heinous crime, was so ap- parent that it ensured him an honourable ac- quittal; but the guilt of that wretched woman being established beyond all doubt, by the evidence of the goldsmith who made for her, and engraved her initials upon, the Golden Bodkin, of the domestics who had se?n her when their master fell asleep during the ves- pers at St. Geneviève, put her hand beneath his head as if with the intent of waking, and raising him up, and subsequently by her own confession, her guilt was thus incontroverti bly established. She suffered those extreme penalties of the law which the henious nature of her crime demanded, and fully justified. This histoiiette, in the leading incidents of which, every Frenchman at all acquainted with the Causes Célèbres of his country, will detect matters of fact, we have " made a prief in our note-book," as one of those interesting cases (not less remarkable be- cause of rather frequent occutrenee) which incontestably prove, that under the just go- vernment of the Omniscient, who bath willed that " Whosoever sheddeth the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed."-Murder will out! 