\- [From 'IthAes6r art Colu'oilst 2lat ept' J d I;lr Edward Smiith Hl1l,- the dauntchss and i uncomnpromi.inik Advotate of Freedom, T'rnth, and Justice in the Sister Colony, has ,'oene us ( the-honour to niotice the equally well- mneant. l if less pnweirfult-fforts in the sumie cause, in a the following articl', "extractei frcin the. Syd?. :ney ifouilor of theI 22ndlt -i : . We huve to apologise to the friends of a freedoul in Van Diemai's L?,itd, for ntllhavilnlg c before noticed their public.spirited attempt to 'a iprint antl publish a newsltpaper, ivlich it is not. probabile wouldl Ie.blought by tie -Authloritiei'- I there. Ill \ Murray of the lttamdantia did well t fur a seasoni: hut certain nch'lumettaneei x Ibrought hiii under the dominion of the Au- r] thorities' and he fell..' Tlime .lon?tl. 'itmes lii(s I lately assumed a better tone, anti has equally. improved in his style biot thellPruprietor long *t ago pIioeltiinedi theitl rllie (if his prlatitiplei?- I nailmely, thaticey wi-ere for sale, ),uhd if they 't were 'not bought up by thle sanm parties;- It' was Ibeeause the latter did 'not hlink it polley t to treat'opemnly, with so loise and ihnilushinhSn a dealer in puilie principle. :Tie Pre'r, ilere a fore, of Van Dicman's Lanl, land becoime al sort of prlic proiiituite. Snmetines sie fa v6ured ote, lo'er. in .the. Authlortiles,- an sometimes nothier in tlti. people, as it suited hTer whilm, or her interest. ?Jo daue, thIe Local Goverinment tirus hetr'favoulrite loverr; to more. t row, the people. 'e latteirr, had long .been disgusted witl her tnerceninry inconsisterncy; and rousetd -y-Al r Bent, tlihe victim of the l mnst insidioila iirosccutions and perscrutions; ( though mitigated occasionally by ?auodryspu rious acts of clemency. ita few indlepentdenut genlentein have. at leng.h-set the worthy palri-. ot'l new press anid types in motion,'on behilf 'a of ruaspalilin freedom, and comun;lened. an newwspapeil under tile popular derignuiion 'uf "' lThe 'C'o/uni?t". . We':WI sincerely wish tihe projectors success, 'lCe effolt redounds to their honour. Thle ene nmy per'crive tile danger they are in, and trenim ible nue of the creatures of the Local Guov . errnmenit, a sintecuiist, nhas alreaidy 'proffered I.is services to the great Lion, and has, already .conlmnecetl- the office ofjackall, by institutilng "a"prosecution of thie proprietor, or cditor, or ipulisher of ithe newJintiuv, one' or all, for a libel on himn not, however, from mere privatte ,motive. We imagine, that in this prosecution, the Authorities of Vani Dieman's Land will :find lthey are only cutting off their nose to be l reengeld, &e.;' It is, -however, nnnn?h"ig to.I see men prosecuted; by a' Jury of Speciales, wlich, inn t chise society, cannot, if it woulld lie indlcpendciet. But whlatever inconvetience the proprietor or publislher of the Colonist may suftlr, this prosecatiotn will dlo iie-'iew jourinal gl otl. It will thew,hliow tlismitcyed tihe worthy and religious Autliori!leisof tlheSisiterColonhv tnre, at the eighlt of thie ghost of Dient' :old (Giaette. onircemoere pirejentii? iiselfthilthei. vision, in thie .form of tAhe Colonisl; -ihow ter-r rified theY are, at the bliglht of aiJournal wthichc at last, is to-tell' tIbm a lttlelwhanlesoune trutl, tand to present to Dlowninital street, iby etery ship that leaves Hobart, the ,ral state of a, Colony ?liich is liriest ridlen atndi tIx ridden. 'beyond parrallel in the history of Colonies. The Tistianiutlns are pressed down by nt in ;cutiut of ihypocrisy, rel;igions And polilital, Swhicuh, lhaving groaned undler for years, andtl still grointing tinder it, has causeld ite balance of tralde betweei Sydney and Htolhurt. whichil iused'to bie immensely inl favour of the latter, to Itecomte imUllnclsely in favour of the former; iwhilea te HIoihlrt Gover ninent Treasury (Col. Arthur'a cntllrirg touclhi oe of gotul governi. mentir!,) bhsolutely ' flows oveir i 13ut, wilt whatc? Why, withi thel money whliicli is podi. cod by tlhose cnusts which have acconmplished thliis aff'cing change I 'Those 'caiuses lso minoke tile 'rnte of money echliauigo between. the tvo Colonies,l 20 per cent in favour of Syltit' ! A dollhtr worth 4a. uterling in Syd ney, beinlg raen down tuo-loblrt, Ibecomces worth S.m. sterling ; whil the overllowhiltnge 4 the HIobart ''reasiry are squanderiig in uise les? and, exorhtltlllit anhlties, feeC, fines--l'i tuseless expeditiounn Atghinst the Blacks, itn Ailr Bedford's gleeli, clhiirch repairs, and in Ibtiae factiona to the retliiotia locusti of all torto i, which inow awaran in tl'rsmnanii-naa lthic;ly, as Sthey eliil in New Snolmt ''lets a year ctgo.. 3But Slet 'T'he Colonist apeaht onl thills point." i \e colfens oirselves not a little gratifit d by 'the abqve very- latecriDng notice of our Jcurtnal, cainlng froAios retspectable a -quar ter, and from one who lItis iimself done and suffered so mhuch'in the cause of freedoms hlit we must set ti'er mouch respected brother right on one or two poinits, herein hlie appears to he mistaken. First-- t does not appeva that Mlr. Bent ever received tho slightest uiitia tiotu een'of a spurious sort. untder all the..in sidious persecutionsa hich he was tn,fde to suffer. On the contrary. when his Journal was suppressed, under the arbitrary, cruel, aitd wicked '"Licensing Act." he attempted to make a living, by publi;hhig a sheet of ad. vertiesinente, and subtaclaenjitly by the publi cation of ti monthly perioditlr of a very rcs pectable character, entitled the "" Colonid Ad rocue." While poor Dent was in prison, in. timation ewas given to him, that unless he dis continued printing the " Coloniad Adeocate," prosecutions "would he cotntlenced against him for every sheet of advertisemnenlts which lie. lnhd printed, and that he should be lcpt in prison for lihfe I Not tluclh mitigatioin in that , especially when it ta considlered, that thIse ,threatened lirosecutions wete to have been inistitutad under a lawi, w hich' has binre leeil dis allowed 6y flheKing', antid that Mr. Bent is entitled to recover comnpenlsation for thlie-loss and'itnprisoitnmeut which lie has sus tained by reusotn of the supelpressiton ol-his Journil.. Telit&Sydney; Amonitor_ is also. a,litile mi'takenl as to the fact.of the. individual who has " lent himself as'a jakill," hbeing hhtio sihfoinlist, We believe that', his oilcoe is no siti ire, li'nvitg quite eniuilh to do, evein in hits ostensible duties. It-is quite evident that the pliirditutiin is not commencted on any 'irivite gtroiiids, nor with a viewv to tintlicate the characicr of the ostensible prosecutor ; for had that beetn the.. case,. a civil,: action against the Editor, who had written;, iriired, atlll. published ,the alleged litierl, would have ilbeen the proper course. Biut a civil action .would aever ihave answered' the insitdillus pur. pose of the retal prosecutor--for, in the first ,plee,' in a civil actibri, oppiortuitty w:utld have beetn 'if'lrded r'to prove the'TrniTi of the aulleget libel, and, in the aecold .laee, the Ca e would have been l tllted Ily a Civil. [ury. Anid Mr..O'Conuoranr d every Member of the GoverinenL well .-knowl, .that the iresult would be. any thinlgbut gi'tifying to them But let us not he itnnisiderstpod.. -We dis; cla'ul' all knowledge of havinllg written ally shinag that can be called ri libel, mhuclIess proved"to :be one. 'And we lihave inot the slightest niistrust of the honesty of thde Oficers pof the 632d rgighnelit.'. W6 atvoid writitia,tlie word honour, because we have seen anld hi'ard it so often misapplied, that we begin now to fancy it (like the word gcntleNhin in . tliti Colony) a very equivocal term.] Trhughli they are. soldiers, anil accustomed to be udider coininannd, wi believe that'they are metn of isn dependent minds, who will inot submiitto ;have their consciences iufluenced nor ititiniidahtejt.1 So that even with a RMiliirtry July, Mr. O'Colnniir and hiis instigators will find' thest. -selves ino great galiers. Bit -the prosechtirs are little aware, that trle' whoh? cormmiiiity will sce a t once thlroughli theflhnimsy artifice which tiley have adtlpted'lo alroid haviig. }'l lt case tr Iedylll a. Civil Jury, whlich must have ;decided it, h?il the Governli n'it stood forward ?s the prosetctuor. But Mr'O'dCnnro has in structed li iS"Cuutisel to doithat wh liil no' Iitil but himself, and those.wvio are under the sln tence of Ithe law, and olly a few oPf them, -even to: earn- their 'induigenie', would liiae rdone' lie. has 'in iionsequenle of'ua or!r ,ight iih the wordlintg of the offidiuvitd filed lit the ,Secretary's Olice, -direct ed M1r G,,llibraitd to prosecute Mlesrs CGreagson -andi Meredith, as Proprietors of The ~Coonist, for peral(let to the atnouit of T'iN T'ro?ib AND"POrNDS !11 lThe ttewv trade of the common informer is cer taiutly .noie profiitable if sulcerssful at thii rate, and nmuch. safer, though not more hon'ias Tr?/ble than, anot ler that' we, could nameo, lwere we iot afsrasi thatl Mr O'Connor ailght sits peci its of being personail We wibh 'Mr ltodelrick O'Connor very inuch joy of irIt new ciaradite in a hich lie now piresents hlim self b:,fore dthe.tPihblc l - We shall hand:lelll this sntl?jec t .very fully int outir nrt letter:to the Secretary of,`niate, ald we have no Imoplht but thlrotighl the lnewVspaiper:pre'ss. from O''ur, cOluitnni, -the natres of.- I' risarsO'Couiier t'nd. (cillrbruald,-and the fanll'r of our. t'ewlieop Law , wVi 1 beconme as crlehlrated ii everylfee country h Piluripe; as' tihr'oy au i'Aliistil Adieu fai.r the iiresent, Mr Rod ?rick O'"on: no'iil Y.ou have taken."a sure 'ine(liid to prti 'vent yourself fruin beinig forgoitofi. .l'rhel/se y of rea"koling is-not valny for distantui, ?lnd you will then creep nut frotli lunder the skirts of thio?e f;r thlollr y-ou o llv t- ltl.d, irthle frutaiI of aat:il', i; cril-sh freetiirm ilthrough the mmeii.. wls hnire stoodl firwtirdll tdodo laintle fur :lle peopte,'idhit'i you attd esiclidas yii u. ' , " , " • . • ' . .'' 