PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE HOUSE OF LORDS. Wednesday, APRIL 11, 1832. The Earl of Winchelsea opened the adjourned debate. He opposed the bill, and commented upon the conduct of those noble Lords who had yielded up their better judgment to a supposed necessity. Some allusion had been made to the exercise of the royal prerogative in a certain unconstitutional manner, but he could not believe it would he so exer- cised. At all events, their Lordships were bound to do their duty without fear of consequences, and trust the good sense of the country to vindicate the authority of the law, and correct the error. The Duke of BUCKINGHAM opposed the bill. It was called a bill to purify the system of representation; but it would in reality collect every breath of corrup- tion and of vice, and act as a pestilence and a plague, instead of a benefit and a purifier. The Earl of RANDOR strongly sup- ported the bill, and defended the speech made by the Earl of Shrewsbury on a former evening. He implored the Right Reverend Bench, as they valued the mo- rality of the country, to put an end to the bribery, corruption, drunkenness, perjury, and the other vices which the ancient system had occasioned. The Bishop of LINCOLN supported the second reading, but said he was decidedly opposed to the £10 clause. Lord FALMOUTH opposed the bill. The Marquis of Bristol said it was even more revolutionary than that which their Lordships had last year rejected. The Bishop of LONDON said that he intended to vote for the second reading of the former bill, in the hope that it would be modified in the Committee, and he thought that the most prudent plan that could be pursued with the present bill. Recommended as it was by a ma- jority of the House of Commons, whose opinions had been twice declared upon the subject-supported as it was, if not by a great majority, at least by a most formidable majority of the people, it seemed to him most prudent to modify what was objectionable, yet not to trench upon the principle of the bill, so as to endanger the speedy settlement of the question. (Cheers.) The Bishop of EXETER vehemently opposed the bill, and defended the nomi- nation boroughs. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE spoke at considerable length in favour of the bill. He denied that the proposed change could be justly termed a revolution. Alterations demanded by new circum- stances had been made in every country, and it was only by such means that old constitutions could be preserved. If the great man who had framed the constitu- tion of the United States of America had the folly to exclude from that con- stitution the means of receiving the accession of new States to the Union, without any ostensible change in the law, there would soon have been an end to the American constitution. It would have remained the same on paper, but would have lost all its force and value. Lord KENYON moved that the debate be adjourned. Earl GREY intimated his wish that the debate should be brought to a close that night. The Duke of WELLINGTON admitted the necessity of an early decision on the question, but wished the debate to be adjourned, on account of his Majesty's levee being held on Friday. Earl GREY would comply with this suggestion on two conditions-first, that the debate should at all events be then brought to a close, even though they sat till a late hour on Saturday morning; and secondly, that if the second reading was carried, the House would be pre- pared to go into the Committee on Mon- day next. The Duke of WELLINGTON protested against this hasty course, and wished the Committee to be postponed till after the Easter holidays. Earl GREY said, that considering how long the provisions of the Bill had been known to the Members of both Houses, he was convinced that their Lordships would be fully prepared to go into the Committee on Monday. The Earl of HARROWBY supported the proposition for fixing the Committee after Easter. Earl GREY said, the best time for con- sidering the period of going into Com- mitee would be after the Bill had been read a second time. House adjourned till Friday. FRIDAY, APRIL 13. Lord WYNFORD opened the debate. He described the Bill as sweeping down the Tory boroughs, and leaving those of the Whigs entire; it had, moreover, a fructifying quality, for while it put down one nomination borough, it created two. Lord DURHAM, with very great warmth, replied to the speech of Lord Wynford, and supported the Bill. Lord CARNARVON opposed the second reading of the Bill. He implored their Lordships not to lay the axe to the root of the tree. He implored them to avert the axe-if they did so, their destiny was in their own power--if not, their destruction appeared to him inevitable. Lord GODERICH ridiculed the notion of calling upon them to reverence the constitution of their ancestors, and at the same time to resist all attempts to perfect what was most valuable in it the representative system. The Earl of ELDON said, that during the whole of his political life, nothing had given him so much astonishment and pain as to see so many Noble Lords pre- pared to overturn a constitution which had been the admiration of the greatest men this country had ever produced. He felt it a sacred duty, with reference to the lowest, as well as to the highest of he community (well knowing what bless- ings they had both enjoyed under this constitution) to take care that under the name of Reform, revolution was not in- troduced (hear). In 1795, it was scarcely possible to walk the streets without see- ing the walls chalked with the words, "No King ;" and as sure as he (Lord Eldon) was now addressing that House, so would they see the same feeling pre- vail, if they passed a Bill which con- demned all those institutions of the coun- try under which it had reached a station far above every other on the earth. He called upon them to withhold their con- sent for the second reading. Lord TENTERDEN expressed his con- viction that the Bill could not pass. His principal objection to it was, that it set the example of a system of legislation, with an utter disregard of all existing rights. The effect of it would really be, though not nominally, to make one class of people the solo depositories of politi- cal power. He objected particularly to the Bill, that it would introduce almost universal suffrage, and would make that House dependent on the House of Com- mons. That House would then become nothing but a place for registering the decrees of the other House (hear). That was a degradation to which he could not submit, and he would never enter the walls when it had become only the ghost of its departed greatness (hear, hear). The Bishop of ROCHESTER said the Bill had been supported on principles of expediency, but it was a maxim of re- ligion, that men ought not to do evil that good may come of it. It was said that vox populi was the vox dei. He denied it. He had heard of the madness, but never of the prudence of the people. He respected the people in their proper station. Popular clamour was the Bill; public opinion, he contended, was against it. The Bishop of GLOUCESTER defended the Right Rev. Prelate for the imputa- tions cast upon those of their body who were opposed to this measure. He be- lieved that the Bill would not satisfy the people. The intelligence and wealth of the country were against it--the rabble, indeed, were for it. It was supported by the radicals; but not by the mass of the community. (Signs of impatience, and order, order). The Lord CHANCELLOR and one or two other persons rose now, but the cry being general for his Lordship, he began as follows :-" I certainly owe some apo- logy to your Lordships for proceeding to address to you more than a very few words at so late a period of this protracted debate. I am aware that fatigue now weighs down both your Lordships' minds and bodies, and I can assure your Lord- ships, that I am in an extreme state of suffering from the heat of the House; but I do not feel that I should discharge my duty, as holding the situation I do in His Majesty's Government, the duty I owe to your Lordships, and hardly the duty I owe to myself, were I to rest upon what your Lordships all know of my opinions on this question, so often stated in your Lordships' presence. I assure your Lord- ships, I shall trespass as little as possible on your patience, and but for some charges that have been made against the Govern- ment, my task would have been simple indeed. My belief amounts to an actual conviction that there is not the shadow of a shade of foundation for those calum- nies which have been whispered in pub- lic, and which have been urged here, but have received an indignant denial. I refer not merely to the blacker charges which were meant to be urged, but to a charge hardly of a less dark description that of violating the sacredness of our trust in some correspondence which has been alluded to. Now, it was referred to by a Right Rev. Prelate who spoke last, with a degree of ignorance, but I will say, of the most innocent ignorance -(A laugh)-not only of what had passed four or five years ago, in the formation of the Canning Administration, but inno- cent also of what had passed this evening before bim. My Lords, there is not a shadow of truth in the imputation or be- lief of the Right Rev. Prelate. Those who constituted the administration of Mr. Canning retained their opinions upon that as upon all other questions of foreign or domestic policy, precisely the same after the administration was formed, as before that event took place. I was a supporter of the main principles of that administration, and supported it, with the exception of one or two occa- sions, one of which was when the ques- tion of Reform was moved in the House of Commons, when I opposed the Govern- ment, and successfully opposed them, and the noble Marquis, whose cheer was misunderstood, as if any alteration what- ever had taken place in his opinion, acted along with me. Following the example of the noble Marquis's admirable and lu- minous speech, it is my intention to lay aside every thing that can be construed as proceeding from personal motives. His lordship then defended the Govern- ment from the charges of precipitancy, in bringing forward the measure. He then ridiculed the statement that the whole property of the country was against the Bill. He then showed that it was not the French Revolution that had given rise to the demand for reform. Parlia- mentary reform was brought forward in redemption of a pledge given by Minis- ters, at a time when the people were not only ripe for it,-(Hear, hear)-but were besieging Parliament to take it up and bring it forward (cheers). If I were asked to name an event which, more than all others, and which ten thousand times more than the Revolution of the Three Days in Paris, had tended to render that feeling intense, it would be, the ill-fated declaration of the noble Duke, that no reform was necessary (cheers)-that all was so perfect-that the representation of the country was so complete, that he could not make a more perfect one, but that it was one so com- plete and so perfect as to render it im- possible for the noble Duke to approach with anything like an amendment. (Loud cheers). Now there could not be a more manly, a more gallant, and, followed up as it was by a strict adherence to that opi- nion, a more straightforward and con- sistent expression uttered by that noble Duke. (Hear, hear) No man can blame him for it, but I think every man must deplore it. (Continued cries of ' Hear.') Now, there were one or two statements made in the course of this debate, with respect to the effects of this measure, which I think it necessary to advert to. The noble Duke thinks it goes to the subversion of all parliamen- tary institutions, and so does the noble and learned Chief Justice of the King's Bench. Now I confess I can see no- thing of the kind in the bill. It at all events leaves the country representation better than it was before. Leaseholders are allowed to vote, and even tenants at will. Does this, I say, give no influence to the landholders? Copyholders have a right of voting, and the greater part of those also must be considered as the landed interest,-twenty-five counties are to have double representation, making fifty additional county members, which, with seven others, added seperately to counties of lesser size, make fifty-seven new members for counties. But it is not so much with respect to the counties that property is underrated, as in the £10 qualification of towns. How great and manifold are the errors which prevail upon the subject. (Hear, hear.) It is said that we, shall find the number of £10 householders greater than that of those who inhabit houses of £20 and upwards. But you must remember there are an infinite number of houses between the value of £10 and £20, many of them houses of a highly respectable character, particularly between £15 and £20. Analyze the returns of any town, and that will prove the case. Take War- wick for example. The regular, the most effectual influence is that which is exercised in daily habits of intercourse between man and man. I am morally certain, my Lords, that it is the interest of the poor, as well as of the higher classes in this country, that there should be good government, and that the repre- sentatives should be chosen and sent by them to Parliament, to watch over their interests in general. I will not enter into the enquiry, my Lords, whether the rich man or the poor is most interested in the convulsion of the state. It is suf- ficient that the poor man loses his all-- the rich man can do no more. But, my Lords, the poor man is the first that suffers. The middle classes would also suffer severely-those very classes, my Lords, to whom you propose to give the elective frauchise by this bill. Why, then, my Lords, should you be afraid of trusting them. If even one Parliament should be returned under the present bill, that should be wild enough to de- termine on destroying the institutions ol the country, why should you not trust those men who would be the first to fall, and who would be the first to avoid taking a false step ? I have no more doubts, my Lords, than that I am at present in existence, that the moment this bill, comes into operation, the effects I have poiuted out will ensue. The question is then, my Lords, what are you putting this bill in the place of? Why, my Lords, you are giving the £10 franchise in the place of the franchise which was before unconnected with property. (Cheers). By the present Bill, my Lords, the rights of freemen are kept to all intents and purposes. It was not only those who expected to get votes who were advocates of this measure, but it was the inhabitants of great towns which were for the first time to obtain members. There is a town with upwards of 50,000 inhabitants (Bath) where the members are returned by only a few individuals; and in the great city of Edinburgh, with upwards of 150,000 inhabitants, the members are re- turned by only 33 corporations. Warwick contains 500 voters of £10 and upwards ; but of these 200 are £20 and upwards, and out of the remaining 300 below £20, 100 or 150 approach more nearly to £20 than they do to £10. These and the £20 house- holders blend together, so that you have not that positive line drawn which the argu- ment eternally supposes between £10 house- holders, as if there were none between them, and as if the representation were to be thrown entirely into the hands of people with little or no property. (Hear, hear.) I believe another great mistake to be, that noble Lords take their ideas of a £10 house from what they see in great towns; but if they will go into these small towns which are to retain the right of voting, they will find few even of mere £10 houses which have not tenants of a respectable situation in life. A day- labourer cannot afford £10 a-year for his house. A man who is earn- ing ten, twelve, or at the outside, fourteen shillings a-week, cannot out of such a pit- tance spare 3s. 10d. for house rent. The man occupying a £10 house is of some little substance, but a man who occupies a house of £14, £15, or £16, a-year, long and long before you get to £20 a year, is in the situation of a reputable shopkeeper, or overseer in a factory. In short, a person in every point respectable. Do your Lordships imagine that the occupier of a £20 house will strut by his poorer neighbour who occupies a £14 house, and will have no communication with him? They will have, and will use all means of inter- course. The noble Duke, in support of his statement that the Parliament would be an expensive one, had cited the case of the Government of France. Why, my Lords, how was all that expense incurred in France ? It was not because the budget was so much greater. The reason of the expense was not to be attributed to the Parliament of France, because it had been reformed, but that there were lowering apprehensions as to the dynasty of the country, and under the circumstances a large army was necessary. That a reformed Parliament, in England should be an expensive one, was one of the wildest things that was ever heard of. He thought, let whatever might be attributable to a reformed Parliament, it would not be the excess of extravagance. (Hear, hear.) A reformed Parliament would not allow a patronage, oven to the most moderate amount, to exist merely as patronage, and for the purpose of patronage, and in order to enable a Government to go on, which, without that patronage, could not steadily pursue its course. It will grant supplies enough for a Government which does its duties to the countiy ; the Government under a reformed Parliament, must stand upon its own merits, and must not trust to the influence arising from patronage, any more than it can trust to the influence con- ferred by nomination boroughs. My Lords, many of those things may be looked forward to as changes, and attributed to the form, which, as a friend to it, I must in justice say, cannot altogether be asciibed to it. Government must be carried on according to honest, fair, liberal policy, not by such a policy as is dictated by the caprice, or even by the feelings of the people, but carrying along with it the opinion of the intelligent, whom I believe, in my conscience, to be the great and overwhelming majority of all ranks and classes of the King's subjects. A successful policy, I say, must carry all this along with it ; that there should be a restriction on the right of franchise I may admit, but it is not from any, distrust I have even of those classes to whom this Bill does not give the elective franchise, that I say it ; for I am perfectly convinced that as soon as you remove the grievance, you will restore yourself to a place in their affections. I wish before I conclude to beg of you not to lose this opportunity--I won't say of re- gaining, but of improving, your place in the affection of your fellow-countrymen. (Cheers.) My fears for an adverse event my fears of what may by possibility happen, I shall not say anything about. I mean nothing further than this, that no one event would be more to be dreaded for the security of our establishments, or the continuance of all our institutes in the state and in the church, than a growing alienation of the public mind from the legislative body of this country : and, above all, a growing separation, a widening of any breach be- tween this body and the hulk of the people. My Lords, we have heard of other bills of reform which are to be brought forward. I confess I look upon these plans with all but suspicion. The time and- the occasion tend very greatly to excite a distrust of any effect these plans are likely to produce. The anxiety for this measure of reform exists as strongly and as universally as ever it did, with only this difference, that it has stood the severe test of repeated disap- pointment, England, Scotland, and Ireland, are waiting in breathless suspense, and the most painful solicitude, for the event of this night's discussion. I hope and trust-I confidently believe-I may say I fully ex- pect that decision will be such as to diffuse universally joy through the country-ter- minate that painful suspense, and greatly inciease the affections which the people bear towards you. Lord Lyndhurst replied. The House then divided, when there appeared-- Contents Present - - - 126 Proxies - - - 58 —184 Non-Contents Present - - - 128 Proxies - - - 47 —175 Majority for the Bill - - - 9 