MISCELLANEA. A book has lately been published in London, under the title ot, "Tour in England, Ireland, and France, iu 1828 and 1829, by a German Prince ;" and which is replete Avith anecdotes, charac- teristic of the several countries it is designed to represent. The following description of the author's visit;to the great O'Comiell, is sufficiently interesting, we think, to recompense the reader for the length of the extract:- " At lengtli it began to grow dark just as I reached a part of the coast which assuredly it Would be difficult to parallel. Foreign travellers have probably never been thrown into this desolate corner of the earth, which belongs rather to owls and sea mews than to men, and of whose awful wildness it is difficult to give an idea. Torn, jagged, coal black rocks, with deep caver.is, into which the sea breaks with a ceaseless thunder, and then again dashes, over the top of the tower like crags, its white foam ; which, drying, is borne by the wind in compact masses, like locks of wool, over the highest poi:its of the mountains;—the wailmg cry of the restless fluttering sea-fowl, piercing through the storm with its shrill monotonous sound;—the incessant howl and mourning of the undermining waves, which sometimes suddenly dashed over my horse's hoofs, and then ran hissing back again;—=the comfortless removal from all human help;—the ceaseless pattering rain, and the coming on of night oil an uncertain and entirely unknown road. " I began really to feel uneasy, in earnest, not half in jest, as the day before. Yo.ur eager search for the romantic will turn out as ill for you, as for the Sorrowful Knight, thought I, and urged op my tired horse' to his utmost speed. He stumbled every moment over the loose stones, and with great difficulty I at length brought him into a heavy trot. Mv anxiety was increased by O'ConnelPs letter. He had written to me that the proper aipproach to his house was from Killarney—that the carriage must cross thence, by water, but that the road/rom Ksnmure was the most-difficult, and that I must be sure therefore tp provide myself with a 6afe guide. And, as is generally the case, when we pursue one train of thoughts with great pertinacity, a popular tale of Ooker'e which I had lately read came into my mind. * No land,'says, lie, 'is better, than the coast of Inveragh, to be drowned £a the sea; or if you like that better, to break your neck on shore.* Yet thought I^and her^my horse .suddenly tumbled, «hved, and fturnda. with such a leap as I had hardly given the old mare credit for- -I now found-myself in a narrow pass. It was stilUight enough to $ee'.several- steps before me clearly, and I cpqld not understand what had struck this panic into my horse. Making all the resistance he. could, and . only in obedience to the admonitions df myishiUelah, he at length wenton again j but in a few tsteps l perceived with astonislunent that the path, which had appeared pretty well tracked, terminated directly* ill the sea. The bridle nearly dropped out of my hand,-as?a foaming wave chased by the storm sprang upon me like a. huge monster, and scattered the,yarrow cleft far behind me with its «pray. r Here was :a difficult situation. Bare.irjagcessU ble jocks ,surrounded me on every i5|de j; befdra me rolled the. ocean, there was nothing /or ma but.to retreat. -But if I had lost my way» as! I could not .but suspect, how could I reckon on meeting my guide, even by returning y and if I did not meet him, where was I to pass the night ? With the exception of Mr. O'ConneJl'a old castle, there was no hope of meeting with the least trace of a shelter for 20 miles round. I was already shivering with cold and wet, .and my constitution would certainly not carry me .through a bivouac in such a night—I had doubtless cause for some alarm. t Jt was useless, however, tp consider: I must ride back that was clear, and as quickly as possible. My horse seemed to have come to the same conclusion; for, as if inspired with new. force; he boiemjaway from the spot at a gallop. But would you believe it, a black figure was again destined to help me in my difficulty. You will say this is too much. ' Ce n'est pas ma faute j le vrai 60uvent n'est pas le vraisemblable.' in short, I saw a black 'figure glide like a dim phantom across my. path, and disappear among the rocks. Invocations, prayer, and promises, Avere in vain. Was it a smuggler, allured to this coast by, the ample facilities it offers } pr a superstitious peasant; who took my unhappy person for a ghost ? At all events it appeared that he did not choose to venture from his hiding-place, and I began to despair of the/help I had thought at hand, when suddenly his head peeped out close to me from behind a rock. I soon succeeded in tranquilizing his fears, and he explained to me the puzzle of the road terminating in the sea. 'This road is made for low water,' said he, 'and the tide is now about half in ; a quarter of an hour later it is impossible to pass; but now, if you'll pay me w;ell, I will try and bring you through,'— but we must not lose a moment' With thepe words he seated himself at one bound on the horse behind me, and we made what speed we couid back to the see, which was roaring with great rapidity. " I felt a strange sensation, as we now appeared deliberately to plunge down into the stormy sea, and had to make our difficult way amid the white waves and the rocks, which looked like ghosts in the dim twilight. " We had the greatest trouble too with the horse; however, the black man knew the ground so perfectly that we reached the opposite coast in safety, though bathed up to the arms in salt-water. " Unluckily, the terrified beast sliyed again here at a projecting rock, and broke the rotten girths directly in the middle—a mischance for which there was no remedy here. Afterall my disasters,! had the agreeable prospect of riding the last six miles balancing on the loose saddle. My black guide liad, indeed, given mc the clearest directions for the prosecution of •my journey but it was now so dark that the landmarks were no longer visible. " The road lay, as it appeared to me, across wide moor, and was at first quite level. After half an hour, of rough and stumbling trotting, 'during which 1 pressed my knees as hard as 'possible together, that I might not lose my saddle. I remarked that the road turned again to the right into the higher range of mountains ; for the climing grew steeper and more continual. Here 1 found a woman, who was passing the night with her pigs and goats. The road branched off into two divisions, and I asked her which I must take to reach Derrinane Abbey ? ' Oh! both lead there,' said shu, ' but that on the left is two miles nearer.' Of course I took this, but soon found to my cost that it was practicable only for goats. I execrated the old witch and her traitorous intelligence. My poor horse exhausted himself in vain efforts to cliinb through the blocks of stone, and at length, half stumbling, half falling, he threw both saddle and me. "it was impossible to keep the saddle on him alone ; it fell down incessantly, and I wasobligeil to load roy own shoulders with it, and to . 'lead my horse besides. Till now I had kep,t' in pretty good temper ; the spirit was still willing, but the flesh began to be weak. The man on the cliff had said, only six miles, and you are there; and now, after half tin hour's hard riding, the woman insisted upon it that it was •till six miles, the shortest way, to Derrinane. I began to fear that this mountain fortress was not to be found, and that I was the sport of Kobolds, who bandied me from one to ano- • ther. I seated myself on a stone quite out of heart, fevered with alternate heat and cold; -when, like the voice of an angel in tl e wilderness, the shouts of my guide resounded in my -ear, and I soon heard' the trampling of his Worse's hoofs. He had taken quite a different way through the interior of the mountains, to avoid the sea, and had luckily met the woman "•whose direction I had followed. • In the delicious feeling of present security, f forgot all my disasters, loaded my deliverer "with the saddle and wet cloak, gave up my horse to his guidance, and seated myself upon .his, thus making what speed I might. We had, in fafct, Aye miles yet to ride, and that through a mountain pass, surrounded by precipices, but I can give you no further description of the road. The darkness was so complete, that I was.obliged to strain my eyes to • the utmost to follow the man, who appeared only like .a dim shadow flitting indistinctly before me. I perceived by the stumbling of my horse that we were on uneven ground. I felt that it was a continual alternation of steep -ascents and descents; that we waded through two deep and rapid mountain-torrents—but that was not all $ now and then, indeed, I suspected, then saw, that a bare wall of rock rose : by my side, or the deeper black beneath me • betrayed the precipice which yawned below. " length, a bright light broke through ' the dfemal darkness; the road grew more ' even ; here and there a bit of hedge was visible ; and in a few minutes we stopped at the gate of an ancient building standing on the rocky shore, from the windows of which a friendly golden radiance streamed through the night. " The tower clock was striking 11; and I was, I confess, somewhat anxious as to my dinner, especially as I saw no living being, except a man in a dressing- gown at an upper window. Soon, however, I heard sounds in the house; a handsomely-dressed servant appeared, bearing silver candlesticks, and opened the door of a room, in which I saw with astonishment a company of from 15 to 20 persons sitting at a long table, on which were placed wine and dessert. A tall handsome man, of cheerful and agreeable aspect, rose to receive me, apologized for having given me uj» in consequence of the lateness of the hour, rep gretted that I had made such a journey, in «uch terrible weather, presented me in a cursory manner to his family, who formed the majority of the company, and then conducted •me to my bed-room. This was the great O'Con- •iiell. On my return to the dining-room I found the greater part of the company there ass'em- •bled. I was most hospitably entertained; and at would be ungrateful not to make honorable mention of Mr. O'Connell's old and capital wine. As soon as the ladies had quitted us, lie drew his seat near me, and Ireland was of course the subject of our conversation. He asked nae if I had yet seen many of the curiosities of Ireland ? whether I had been at the Giant's Causeway ? 'No,' replied I, laughing, • before I visit the Giant's Causeway, I wished to see Ireland's Giants;'—and therewith drank a glass of claret to his high undertakings." WOMAN IN HER SOCIAL AND DO- MESTIC CHARACTEU.—Obedience is a very small part of conjugal duty, and in most cases easily performed. Women have, indeed, not much cause to complain of their subjection; for, though they are apt, very inconsiderately, to deliver up their right of self-controul, they suffer from this rashness, on the whole, less frequently than might be expected. Ill-assorted marriages are certainly too common; but, important as the marriage is, and thoughtlessly as it is often contracted, it is only wonderful-'that there should not be a great deal . more tmhappiness resulting from it, than we see tb be the case. Much of the comfort of married life depends upon the lady—a great deal-more, perhaps, than she is aware of. She •carcely Jcnows her own influence: bow much she may do by persuasion, how much by sympathy, how much by unremitted kindness, and little attentions. To acquire aud retain such influence, she must, however, make her conjugal duties her first object. She must not think that any thing will do for her husband —that any room is good enough for her husband—that it is not worth while to be agreeable when there is only her husband—that she may close her piano, or lay aside her brush, for why should she paint or play merely to amuse her husband ? No, she must consider all these little arts of pleasing, chiefly valuable on his account, as means of perpetuating her attractions, and giving permanence to his affection. She must remember that her duty consists not so much in great and solitary acts, —in displays of the sublimer virtues, to which she will be only occasionally called; but in trifles—in a checrful smile, or a minute attention, naturally rendered, and proceeding from a heart full of kindness and a temper full of amiability. There is one class of duties which, as it went out with our grandmothers, is now considered quite obsolete. We wonder, in deed, how such venerable ladies could be so familiar with the pantry, and yet never soil their petticoats; how they could preside over the culinary department, and be adepts in every domestic art, and yet be still as stately as their ruffles or brocade. Ladies were in those days accountable for every dish; they smiled with conscious triumph when the sauce was praised ; they made currant wine and raspberry vinegar; their cupboards were stored with expressed juice and ingenious confections. But now there is something inelegant that attaches to the menage. It is associated with making puddings, or mending stockings, of scolding servants. A good housewife is a good sort of bustling person, who has always a good dinner and clean house, who jingles a bunch of keys, and gasps for an opportunity of replenishing your plate, and who looks, at the head of her table, as if she should be in the kitchen. The habits of a former age would certainly not be in keeping with the refinement of the present; and a lady may, no doubt, be better employed than in superseding her servants. But there is no greater mistake than imagining that there is any thing derogatory in entering, when necessary, on even practical detail; or, that it is not incumbent on every, woman, whatever be her degree, to take care that these details are well conducted. Ease is the distinction of true breeding. The most lady like deportment is not inconsistent with perfect economy. It is. delightful to see such a union; it conveys a tone to the whole establishment; and you feel assured that the dairy and the ..drawing-room are equally.in order. But, on the contrary, there is no worse breeding than to be ashamed -of any thing you may feel it to be your duty tp do. " Never blush, my love," said the elegant Mrs, Chapone to a young wife whom she detected making a tart, " to do any thing .which may please your husband, promote economy,.or embellish your table." It may. be that your .fortune does not allow your devolving on a housekeeper the dispensing of your stores, or on a governess the care of your childrenj that you haye no lady's maid. to make your caps, and no French cook to season your omelettes; and yet; if you are surprised in any of these little offices, you are sadly discomposed. You retire from your press, or send away yjour children, or secrete your work ; just as if it were a breach of etiquette to be discovered any where but on a sofa.or doing any thing which is of any use. And this affectation descends even to a lower rank. What can be more absurd than to dine at tables of. very moderate establishments, to taste delicious confections, and to be quite sure that you are indebted for them to the lady of the house—that, at least she made the jelly, and whisked the cream— and yet to know that she would blush to be suspected conversant with the ingredients of a /single dish!" SELLING A WIFE.—One of those whimsical sales, which are not easily reconcileable to that English reverence for law of which we so often boast, took place at Lancaster. The man was a farmer in the neighbourhood ; the wife a buxom good looking woman, of about 22. They had been married in 1828 ; and having no children, and seldom agreeing with each other, they at length agreed to part. The Lancaster Herald puts the following speech into the-mouth of the husband, which, if genuine, is a curiosity in its way:— " Gentlemen, I have to offer to your notice my wife, Mary Ann Thompson, otherwise Williamson, whom I mean to sell to the highest and fairest bidder. Gentlemen, it is. her wish as well as mine to part for ever. She has been to me only a bosom serpent; I took her for my. comfort, and the good of my house; but she became my tormenter, a domestic curse, a night, invasion, and a daily devil. Gentlemen, I speak truth from my heart, when I say, may God deliver us from troublesome wives ana frolicsome widows. Avoid them as you would a mad dog, a roaring lion, a loaded pistol, cholera morbus, Mount Etna, or any other pestilential phenomena it nature. I have shown you the dark side of my wife, and told you ner faults and her failings, I will now introduce the bright and sunny side of her, and explain her qualifications and goodness. She can read novels and milk cows; she can laugh and weep with the same ease that you could take a glass of ale when thirsty; indeed, gentlemen, she reminds me- of what the poet says of women in general— * Heaven gave to woman the peculiar grace To laugh, to weep,and cheat the human race.' She can make butter and scold the maidj she can sing Moore's Melodies and plaid her frills and caps ; she cannot make rum, gin, or whiskey, but she is a good judge of the quality, from long experience in tasting them. I therefore offer her, with all her perfections and imperfections, for the sum of fifty shillings." After an hour or two, the lady was purchased by a pensioner, for the sum of twenty shillings and a Newfoundland dog. On the first of May, the largest frigate ever built in the British Navy, was launched at Woolwich, in the presence of 10,000 persons. She is named the Vernon, and has a full length figure of Admiral Vernon at her bow, holding in his hand, a scroll inscribed " Porto Bello," in allusion to the spirited capture of that place near 100 years ago. She is 178.feet long, 156 feet on the lower deck, 52 feet 8^ inches broad, 17 feet deep, and will carry 2300 tons; she is rated at 56 guns, but will carry 60, and from her peculiar construction has more room between decks than the Thunderer 6f 90 guns, and carrying 1000 tons more. .The following distressing occurrence, by which Captain Henry Columbine, of tbe ship Sarah, from Bombay and Ceylon, lost bis life, which took place about site hundred miles to tbe southward and westward of the Azores. On tbe morning of tbe lGtli of January last, a sail was descried on tbe lar-. board bow, which, on near in g, proved to be a brigaotiue disabled, her fore-top-mast gone, the head-yards and sails hanging loosely about the foremast, the gaff-, top sail blown to rags, tbe remnants fifing in the wind, and having the appearance or a signal of dis-! tress : the Sarah passed the wreck about a tqile, aud as from the distance-it was impossible to say whether there rai^hl still be any of the crew on board or not, Captain Columbine, with bis characteristic humanity, tacked, and stood down to the strauger, aud bove-to^ upon reaching her, ordered his cutler to be manned, and expressed bis intention of boarding the wreck personally, which he did, taking with him the ship's carpenter. The circumstance of meeting with & vessel in so lamentable a condition, of course excited intense interest to all on board the Sarah—and the officers and passengers crowded on the poop, watohing eagerly tbe motions of their commander and his boat's crew, who were plainly visible on the deck, of tbe wreck ; and, from no other being seen, it was imagined that she had been abandoned ; and shortly ufter the carpenter was observed' to break the nfter-! part of the deck, through which opening,., sails, &o.; were seen to be handed up; in a shorrtime several things were put in the cutter, and Captain Columbine; appeared io be giving directions to the crew, who 1 presently •pulled towards their own ship, leaving '-him' and tbe carpenter engaged on board. They had not,' however, left the brig more than five minutes ere she was seen to Inrcb heavily to port,^to right again, take aatither qnd heavier I«rch, an overwhelming sea laid her on ber beam ends, and she gradually settled down antil only a sraall portion of her bull and her main-- top-mast could be seen above the water. The sensations of those who witnessed the dreadful circumstance'can be imagined but not described tlie febief officer of the Sarafi, .when lie first' percelvpd the wreck! to become unsli-ady, bailed'the hoatand ordered them to pull back, which they did, btiterethey reached her tbe appalling 'catastrophe 'joist' related, was qrtbsuminated. The Sarah was promptly pnt about, ii»d Mood still neRrer to the dreadful - scene ; and another' boat was lowered, with the second - or thiid officers; in order thai nothingmigbt be left undoue to save the unhappysrifferelhi—but in vain ; and it; was concluded' they were below at the time of (be accident,, in yrhich case they met ^..inevitable death; The unfortunate vessel proved to be American, named the Invincible; of Boston, laden wine, fruit, and cork—which latter article rendered ber. buoyant, and, : in all-pro-; babili'ty, inspired the'unfortunate : 'victims with the' idea that she would not sink. There is no doubt but the reason of Captain Columbine's, remaining onboard wis lo procure sails and spirits for lis own ship, in both of which necessaries h was sadly deficient, his people for some time having had nothing but crater, and liis sails being in.a very bad condition. : In'Captain Columbine, bis passengers had to lament this loss of a most gentlemanly and liberal entertainer; ever anxious to attend to their comforts, indeed, to the injury of his private purse.' His passengers in tho outward-bound vo3age"bad presented;him with a piece of plate in testimony of their sense of his kindness, and had expressed their sentiments in a handsome letter: To his officers he was kind and considerate, and the feelings of his crew will be best expressed in their own words—" 'Tiequld be long ere the quarter deck of the Sarah again savtlhispatter The wife of an Englishmat^b Paris, of some celebrity at home, lately eloped Yrbm him, with his bosom friend, a lieutenant of a regiment of cavalry in the East India Company's service. Tba criminal intimacy seems to have been ripened.at Harr flear, where the husband and ,wife had been residina few months previously. The injured party isbetteg known for the pea greenness of his experience, and bis associalion with certain, large penalties for incon staqoy, than his dexterity ia extricating himself from the. entanglements of gallantry. MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.—Lately, as Mrs. Dias, of Kensington-place; Westminster, anil one of her children, were returning from a friend's in Gillingham-street, where they had been spending the evening, they fell into a common ' sewer, which bad been opened in the Vauxball-road—a height of about 16 feet. At the time the fog was most dense, and no railing bad been fixed rouiid the sewer, to pervent accidents. The screams of Mrs. Dias and the child soon brought assistance, anil, by tbe help of ladders, they were rescued from their unpleasant situation, covered with mnd -and filth, and fortunately unhurt. The sewer being full, in all probabilty saved their lives. The Commissioners of Public Works have refused to advance the sum (£248,000) necessary to complete (he Thames Tunnel. The celebrated jockey, Buckle, died last week. Fifty years experience proved Jam to be the best rider ever known. His last race was at the close of the Houghton bis leave of the turf.— Meeting,-1831, when he took News, Feb, 9. 