LEGEND OF THE ROSE OF THE ALHAMBRA. " Among those who attended in the train of the monarchs was a favourite page of the queen, named Ruyz de Alarcon. To say that he was a favourite page of the queen was at once to speak his eulogium ; for every one in the suite of the stately Elizabetta was chosen for grace, and beauty, and accom plishments. He was just turned of eighteen, light and lithe of form, and graceful as a young Antinous. To the queen he was all deference and respect ; yet he was at heart a roguish stripling, pet:ed and spoiled by the ladies about the court, and experienced in the way3 of women far beyond his years. This loitering page was one morning ram bling about the groves of the Generalife, which overlook the grounds of the Alhambra. He had taken with him for his amusement a favourite gev-falcon of the queen. In the course of his rambles, seeing a bird rising from a thicket, he unhooded the hawk and, let him fly. The falcon towered high in the air, made a sweep at is quarry, but missing it, soared away, regardless of the calls of the page. The latter followed the truant bird with his eye in its capricious flight, until he saw it alight upon the battlements of a remote and lonely tower in the outer wall of the Alhambra, built on the edge of a ravine that separated the royal fortress from the grounds of the Generalife. It was, in fact, the ' Tower of the princesses.' The page descended into the ravine and ap proached the tower, but it had no entrance from the glen, and its lofty height rendered any attempt to scale it fruitless. Seeking one of the gates of the fortress, therefore, lie made a wide circuit to that side of the tower facing within the walls. A small garden, enclosed by a trellis-worlc of reeds overhung with myrtle, lay before the tower. Opening a wicket, the page passed between beds of flowers and thickets of roses to the door. It was closed and bolted. A crevice in the door gave him a peep into the inte rior. There was a small Moorish hall with fretted walls, light marble columns, and an alabaster fountain surrounded with flowers. In the centre hung a gilt cage containing a singing bird ; beneath it, on a chair, lay a tortoiseshell cat, among reels of silk and other articles of female labour ; and a guitar decorated with ribands, leaned against the fountain. Ruyz de Alarcon was struck with these traces of female taste and elegance in a lonely and, as he had supposed, deserted tower. They reminded him of the tales of enchanted halls current in the Alhambra ; and the tortoiseshell cat might be some spell-bound princess. He knocked gently at the door; a beautiful face peeped out from a little window above, but was in stantly withdrawn. He waited, expecting that the door would be opened, but he waited in vain ; no footstep was to be heard within- all was silent. Had his senses deceived him, or 'Ovas this beautiful apparition the fairy of the tower ? He knocked again, and more loudly. After a little while the beaming face once more peeped forth ; it was that of a blooming damsel of fifteen. The page immediately doffed his plumed bonnet, and entreated in the most courteous accents to be permitted to ascend the tower in pursuit of his falcon. ' I dare not open the door, senor,' replied the little damsel, blushing ; ' my aunt has forbidden it.' 4 1 do beseech you, fair maid ; it is the favourite falcon of the queen : I dare not return to the palace without it.' 4 Are you, then, one of the ca valiers of the court?' I am, fair maid; but I shall lose the queen's favour and my place, if I losie this hawk.' ' Santa Maria! it is against you cavaliers of the court my aunt has charged me especially to bar the door.' Against wicked cavaliers, doubtless ; but I am none of these, but a simple harmless page, who will be ruined and undone if you deny me this small request.' The heart of the little damsel was touched by the distress of the page. It was a thousand pities he should be ruined for the want of so trifling a boon. Surely, too, he could not be one of those dangerous beings whom her aunt had described as a species of cannibal, evei on the prowl to make prey of thoughtless damsels — he was gentle and modest, and stood so entreatingly with cap in hand, and looked so charming. The sly page saw that the garrison began to waver, and redoubled his entreaties in such moving terms, tint it was not in the nature of mortal maiden to deny him ; so the blushing little warden of the tower descended and opened the door with a trembling hand ; and if the page had been charmed by a mere glimpse of her countenance from the window, lie was ra vished by the full-length portrait now re vealed to him. Her Andalusian bodice and trim basquina set off the round but delicate symmetry of her form, which was at yet scarce verging into womanhood. Her glossy hair was parted on her forehead with scrupulous exactness, and decorated with a fresh-plucked rose, according to the uni versal custom of the country. It is true her complexion was tinged by the ardour of a southern sun, but it served to give rich ness to the mantling bloom of her cheek, and to heighten the lustre of her melting eyes. Ruyz de Alarcon beheld all this with a single glance, for it became him not to tarry ; . lie merely mumured his acknowledg ments, and then bounded lightly up the spiral staircase in quest of his falcon. He soon returned with the truant bird upon his fist. -The damsel, in the mean time, had seated herself by th fountain in the hall, and was winding silk ; but in her agitation she let fall the reel upon the pavement. The page sprang and picked it up, then dropping gracefully on one knee, presented it to her ; but, seizing the hand extended to receive it, imprinted on it a kiss more fervent and devout than he had ever im printed on the fair hand of his sovereign. 4 Ave Maria, senor !' exclaimed the damsel, blushing still deeper wit'h confusion and sur prise, for never before bad she received such a salutation. The modest page made a thousand fqiBlogies, assuring her it was the way at court of expressing the most profound homage and respect. Her anger, if anger she felt, was easily pacified, but her agitation and embarrassment continued : and she sat blushing deeper and deeper, with her eyes cast down upon her work, entangling the silk which she attempted to wind. The cunning page saw the confusion in the op posite camp, and would fain have profited by it ; but the fine speeches he would have uttered died upon his lips, and his attempts at gallantry were awkward and ineffectual ; and, to his surprise, the adroit page, who had figured with such grace and effrontery among the most knowing and experienced ladies of the court, found himself awed and abashed in the presence of a simple damsel of fifteen. In fact, the artless maiden, in her own modesty and innocence, had guar dians more effectual than the bolts aud bars prescribed by her vigilant aunt. Still, where is the female bosom proof against the first whisperings of love ? Tie little damsel, with all her artlessness, instinctively comprehended all that the jaltering tongue of the page failed to express ; and her heart was .fluttered at beholding, for the first time, a lover at her feet — and such a lover ! The diffidence of the page, though genuine, was short lived, and he was recovering his usual ease and confidence, when a shrill voice was heard at a distance. ' My aunt is returning from mass!' cried the damsel in affright, ; 1 I pray you, senor, depart.' ' Not until yon grant me that rose from your hair as a remembrance.' She hastily un - twisted the rose from hir raven lochs: ' Take it,' cried she, agitated and blushing ; 'but pray begone.' The page took the rose, and at the same time covered with kisses the fair Hand that gavo it. Then, placing the flower in his bonnet, and taking the falcon upon his fist, he bounded off through the garden, bearing away with him the heart of the gentle Jacinta. When the vigilant aunt arrived at the tower, she remarked the agitation of her niece, and an air of confusion in the hall ; but a word of explanation sufficed — ' A ger falcon had pursued his prey into the hall.' ' Mercy onus! to think of a falcon flying into the tower! Did ever one hear of so saucy a hawk 1 Why, the very bird in the cage is not safe !' The vigilant Fredegonda was one of the most wary of antient spinsters. She had a becoming terror and distrust of what she denomi- nated ' the opposite sex, which had gradually increased through a long life of celibacy. Not t hat the good lady had ever suffered from their wiles, nature having set up a safeguard in her face that forbade all trespass upon her premises ; bill ladies who have least cause to fear for themselves, are most ready to keep a watch over their more tempting neighbours. The niece was the orphan of an officer who had fallen in the wars. She had been educated in a convent, and had recently been transferred from her sacred asylum to the immediate guardianship of her aunt, under whose overshadowing cure she vegetated in obscurity, like an opening rose blooming beneath a briar. Nor indeed is this compa rison entirely accidental ; for, to tell the truth, her fresh and dawning beauty had caught the public eye, even in her seclusion, and, with that poetical turn com mon to the people of Andalusia, the peasantry of the neighbourhood .had given her the appellation of' the Rose of the Alhambra.' The wary aunt-.continued to keep afaithful watch over her tempting little niece as long as the court continued at Granada, and flattered herself that her vigilance had been successful. It is true, the good lady was noio and then discomposed by the tinkling of guitars and chanting of low ditties from the moonlit groves beneath the tower ; but she would exhort her niece to shut her ears against such idle minstrelsy, as suring her that it was' one of the arts of the opposite sex, by which simple maids were. of ten lured to their un doing. Alas! what chance with a simple maid has a dry lecture against a moonlight serenade ? At length King Philip cut short his sojourn at Granada, and suddenly departed with all his train. The vigilant Fredegonda watched the royal pageant as it issued forth from the gate of Justice, and descended the great avenue leading to the city. When the last banner dis appeared from her sight, she returned exulting to her tower, fir all her cares were over . To her surprise, a light Arabian steed pawed the ground at the wicket- gate of the garden : — to her horror, she saw through the thickets of roses a youth , in gaily embroidered dress, at the feet of her niece. At the sound of her footsteps he gave a tender adieu, bounded lightly over the barrier of reed and myrtles, sprang upon his horse, and was out of sight in an instant. The tender Jacinta, in the agony of her grief , lost all thought of her aunt's dis pleasure. Throwing herself into her arms, she broke forth into sobs and tears. 'Ay di mi!' cried she j ' he's gone ! — he's gone ! — he's gone ! and I Bhall never see him more !' ' Gone! — who is gone 1— what youth is that I saw at your feet V ' A queen's page, aunt, who came, to bid me farewell.' 'A queen's page, child!' echoed the vigilant Fredegonda faintly ; ' and when did you become accquainted with u queen's page V ' The morning that the gerfalcon came into the tower. It was the queen's gerfalcon, and he came in pursuit of it.' ' Ah sidy , silly girl!' know that there Ore no gerfalcons halj so dangerous as these young prankling pages, and it is precisely such simple birds as thee that thet) pounce upon.' The aunt was at first indignant at learning that, in despite of her boasted vigilance, a tender intercourse had been carried on by the youth ful lovers, almost beneath her eye; but when she found that her simple-hearted neice, though thus ex posed, without the protection of bolt or bar, to all the machinations of the opposite sex, had come forth, un- singed from the fiery ordeal, she consoled herself with the persuasion that it was owing to the chaste and cautious maxims iii wiiich she hiul, as it were, steeped her to the., very lips. While the aunt laid this soothing. unction to her pride, the niece treasured vp the oft-repeated vows of fidelity of the page. But whut is the love of restless, roving man? A vagrant stream that dallies for a time with each flower,, upon its bank, then passes on, and leaves them all in tears. Days, weeks, months elapsed, and nothing more was heard of the page. The pomegranate ripened, the vine yielded up itsfvuit, the autumnal rains descended in torrents from the monn-' tains ; the Sierra Nevada became covered with a snowy mantle, and wintry blasts bowled through the halls of the Alhambra— still he came not.' The winter passed away. Again the genial spring burst forth with song and blossom and balmy zephyr ; the snows melted from the mountains, until none remained but on the lofty summit of Nevada, glistening through the sultry sum mer air. Still nothing was heard of the forgetful page.'' Poor Jacinta sits and weeps her time away beside a fountain in the hall. " As the bell in the distant watch-tower of the Alham bra struck themidnight hour, the fountain wasagain agi tated; and bubble — bubble — bubble— it tossed about the waters, until the Moorishfcmale again rose to view. She was young and beautiful ; her dress was rich with Jen els, and in her hand she held a silver lute. Jaointa trembled and was faint, but was re- assured by the soft andplaintive voice of the apparition, and the sweet ex pression of her pale, melancholy countenance. ' Daugh ter of mortality ,' said she,' what aileth thee 1 Why do thy tears trouble my fountain, and thy sighs and plaints disturb the quiet watches of the night?' ' I weep because of the faithlessness of man, and I bemoan my solitary and forsaken state.' ' Take comfort ; thy sorrows may yet have an end. Thou beholdest a Moorish princess, who, like thee, teas unhappy in her love. A Christian knight, thy ancestor, won my heart, and would have borne me to his native land and to the bosom of his church. I was a convert in my heart, but I lacked courage equal to my faith, and lingered till too late. For this the evil genii are permitted to have power over me, and I remain enchanted in this tower until some poor Christian- will deign to break the magic spell. Wilt thou, undertake the task ?' .' I will,' re plied the damsel trembling. ' Came hither then, and fear not ; dip thy hand in the fountain, sprinkle the wateroverme, and baptiseafter the manner of thy faith ; so shall the enchantment be dispelled, and thy troubled spirit have repose.' The damsel advanced with falter ing steps, dipped her hand in the jountain, collected water in the palm, and sprinkled it over the pale face of the phantom-. The latter smiled with ineffable be nignity. She dropped her silver lute at the feet of Jacinta, crossed her white arms upon her bosom, and melted from sight; so that it stemed merely as if a shower of dew-drops had fallen into the fountain. Jacinta retired from the hall filled with awe and wonder. She scarcely closed her eyes that night ; but when she awoke at daybreak out of a troubled slumber, the whole appeared to her like a distempered dream. On descending into the hall, however, the truth of the vision was established ; for, beside the fountain, the beheld the silver lute elitterihs in the mamintr sun- shine." The music of this lute fairly enchantsall the hearers , till at length it srriis tress is sent for to court, to try its influence over the hypochondriac monarch. " At the momentwe treat of, however, a freak had come over the mind of this sapient and illustrious Bour bon that surpassed all former vagaries. After a long spell of imaginary illness, which set all the strains if Faranelli, and the consultations of a whole orchestra of eourt fiddlers at defiance, the monarch fairly , in idea; gave up the ghost, and considered himself absolutely dead. This would have been harmless enough, and even convenient both to his queen and courtiers, had he been content to remain in the quietude befitting a dead man; but to their annoyance he insisted upon havinglthe funeral ceremonies performed over him, and, their inex pressible perplexity, began to grow impatient and to revile bitterly at them for negligence and disrespect, in leaving him unburied. What was to be done? To disobey the king's positive commands was monstrous in the eyes of the obsequious courtiers of a punctilious court — but to obey him, andflury him alive, would be downright regicide! In. the midst of this fearful dilemma a rumour reached the court, of the female minstrel who was turning, the brains of all Andalusia. The queen despatched missions in all haste to summon her to St. Ildefonso, where the . court at that time re sided. Within a few days, as the queen with her maids of honour was walking in those stately gardens, intended, with their avenues, and terraces, and foun tains , to eclipse the glories of Versailles, the far-famed minstrel icas conducted into her presence. The im perial Elizabetta gazed with, surprise at the youthful and unpretending appearance of the little being that had set the world madding. She-was in her picturesque Andalusian dress ; her silver lute was iu her hand, and she stood with modest and downcast eyes, but with a simplicity and freshness of beauty that still bespoke her' the Rose of the Alhambra.' As usual she was accompanied by the ever-vigilant Fredegonda, who gave the whole history of her parentage and descent to the inquiring queen. If the stately Elizabetta had been interested by. the appearance of Jacinta, she was still more pleased when she learnt that she was of a meri torious though impovershed line, and that her father had bravely fallen in the service of the crown. ' If thy powers equal their reunion, ' said she, ' and thou canst cast forth this evil spirit that passes thy sovereiyn, thy fortunes shall henceforth be my care, and honours and wealth attend thee.' Impatient to make trial of her skill, she led the way at once to the apartment of the moody monarch, J cicint a followed, with downcast eyes, through files of guards and crowds of courtiers. Th„ arrived at length at a great chamber hung in black 1 he wmdoivs were closed to exclude the Mi? of dan number of yellow loax tapers in silver sconces (Ufluscd lugubrious light, and dimly revealed the fisuresnf mutes in mourning dresses, and courtiers who sibbi about with noiseless and wo-begonc visage. On n midst of a funeral bed or flier, his hands folded on breast, and the tip of his nose just visible, lav evtemlli this would-be-buried monarch. The queen entered tl chamber in silence, and pointing to a footstool in „» obscure corner, beckoned to Jacinta to sit down Ji commence. At first she touched her lute with faltering hand, but gathering confidence and anU mation as she proceeded, drew forth such soft aerial harmony, that all present could scarce believe it mortal As to the monarch, who had already considered himitlF m the world of spirits, he set it down for some an gcho melody, or the music of the spheres. By den) the theme was varied, and the voice of the minstrel aa- companied the instrument. She poured forth one of the legendary ballads, treating oj the ancient glories of the Alhambra, and the achievements of the Moors Her whole soul entered in the theme, for with the recollections of the Alhambra was associated the story of her love. I he funeral chamber resounded with the animating strain. It entered into the gloomy heart of the monarch. He raised his head and gazed around : he sat up on his couch ; his eye began to kindle; at length leaping upon the floor, he called for sword and buckler I he triumph of music, or rather of the enchanted lute' was complete ; the demon of melancholy was cast forth and, as it were, a dead man brought to life. The win- dows of the apartment were thrown open ; the glorious effulgence of the Spanish sunshine burst into the late lugubrious chamber; all eyes sought the lovely en- chantress ; but the lute had j'ullen from her hand, she had sunk upon the earth, and the next moment was clasped to the bosom of Ruyx de A larcon. The nuptials of the happy couple were shoitly celebrated with great splendour ; but hoio—I hear the reader ask, how did Ruyzde Alarcon account for his long neglect? Oh! that was all owing to the opposition of a proud pragmatical, old father ; besides, young people who really like one another soon come to an amicable un derstanding, and bury all past grievances when once they meet. But how wus the proud, pragmatical old father reconciled to the match ?. Oh? his scruples were easily overcome, by a word or two from the queen, especially as dignities and rewards were showered upon the blooming favourite of royalty. Besides, the lute of Jacinta, you know, possessed a magic power, and could control the most etubborn head and hardest breast. And whut came of the enchanted lute? Oh! thai is the most curious matter of all, and plainly proves iht truth of this story. That lute remained some time in the family, but was purloined and carried off, as u-as supposed by the great singer Farnelli, in purejealousy. At his death it passed into other hands in Italy, who were ignorant of its mystic powers, and melting down the silver, transferred the strings to an old Cremona fiddle . The strings still retain something of their magic virtues. A word in the reader's ear, but let it go no further — that fiddle is now bewitching the whole world— it is the fiddle of Paganini !" 