ORIGINAL POETRY. THE SPIRIT OF THE CREEK! AN AUSTRALIAN TALE, founded on the Mur- der at Campbell Town, of a Sheriff' s Bailiff, named F*****. "------ Blood will have blood: Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak; Augurs, and understood relations, have By maggot-pies, and choughs, and rooks, brought forth The secret'st man of blood."—SHAKESPEARE. Drain'd flaggons proclaim that 'tis time to give o'er; The hour for departure has come; The hostess complacently pockets the score; The stirrup glass presses the lip at the door, And the spur gives the signal for home. Doors, windows, and gateways, secur'd and made fast, Tir'd inmates prepare for repose: The day's toil and bustle is over, and past, An air of still silence succeeds the rude blast Which jovial arousal had rose. But on his soft pillow the weary host prest The fleet clatt'ring steps of a steed His door first approach'es,--he starts!—half drest A fearful foreboding jest enters his breast, For tidings of ill, come with speed. "Ope the door!" cried a voice, in deep tone of a fright, "And grant quick admission, I pray! "Oh! grant me admittance, till morning's blest light "Shall banish the phantoms that wander to night, In death's most appalling array!" Through postal, half open'd, with frenzied-like air, Falvonis now furiously springs; His brow shed the cold drop--erect was his hair, Exhausted and stagg'ring he sank on a chair, And 'round, fearful glances he flings. Dismay blanch'd his cheek, for each tribut'ry vein Sent its stream to the citadel heart; That fortress alarm'd, their channels they drain With speed for its succour, nor back flow again Till safety grants leave to depart. For a while, all that cheering assurance could do, From the panic struck group standing by, Was iost on Falvonis, till calmer he grew, Yet gleams of mute horror occasional flew From his straining and wild rolling eye. Now stout was the heart of Falvonis, and bold, Nor weak superstition dwelt there; And fearful must be the dread sight to behold That daunted his spirit, his blood turn cold, And stampt on his cheek pallid fear. And fearful, forsooth, was the sight he had seen, As told, when released from his fright; His hearers blood chill'd as he painted the scene, And said, that his journey for homeward had been Cut short, by a murder'd man's spite! 'Twas near the rude bridge that bestrides the dark creek The horrible figure appeared; On its pale ghastly visage was mark'd the red streak, And sunken its eye-balls, and hollow its cheek, And crimsoned with bIood was its beard! Through the wide- mouthed wound, the assassin had made, Rush'd brains, mix'd wiih streams of dark gore; Deep gashes, more hideous still render'd the shade, And will might Falvonis's heart feel dismay'd, Tho' fear it ne'er cherish'd before. 'Twas the spectre of Fredro! who long had been lost To friends—to dependants—and home; False rumour gave out, that the seas he had crost, Resolv'd to revisit his own native coast From which he had been driven to roam. His absence did many with wonder regard From! leaving behind him his Wealth For with him had industry met its reward; Snug Mansions, and acres, proclaimed him their Lord, And providence bless'd him with health. (To be concluded in our next.) 