SELECT POETRY. BOMBASTES AND VELVETEEN. Bombastes the brave and the fair Velveteen, Convers'd as they sat side by side; He gave her a new cottage bonnet of green, And exclaim'd—your admirer I ever have been, Permit me to call you my bride. She replied 'I am yours; but Bombastes beware, Bombastes my menace is true; If ever you happen your oath to forswear, As sure as I sit on mahogany chair, You'll surely the circumstance rue.' 'Nay hear me,' he cried 'on the blythe wedding day (The blood on his countenance rose) If I'm false may your spectre creep out of its clay, And suspend me aloft by the nose!' 'Tis well' she replied, in a week I am thine, And Mrs Bombastes I'll be, Go order the supper, the pastry and wine, The pastry-cook lives in next street, number nine, The shop you will certainly see. The banns they were ask'd that their hands might be tied, The solemnization was near: When alas! the frail youth other damsels espied, Velveteen was neglected, he chose for bis bride— Fair Miss Leonora Small-beer! The unfortunate fair one was quickly insane, Because she was left in the lurch, It rain'd dogs and cats 'till it delug'd the plain, And it thunder'd and lighten'd again and again, As the bridegroom and bride went to church. The table was laid and the company come, The minstrels were playing with glee, The bride with delight did the harpsichord strum, On this side resounded divine tweedledum, On t'other, divine tweedledee! When sad to relate and disastrous to tell, (The circumstance sticks in my throat) Of brimstone there suddenly issued a smell, Bombastes exclaim'd—'I am not very well,' And demanded in haste his great coat. The minion with speed for the article flew, And straight to the bridegroom he came, The coat it was made of cerulean blue--- And lo! the wax candles reflected its hue, And the nose of each guest did the same. And ah! for the sweet flowing lyrics of Pindar, To sing of poor Velveteen's wrongs! A spectre appear'd sitting close to the fender, She was munching the ashes, devouring each cinder, And eating the poker and tongs! The guests were astounded, and trembled with dread, Bombastes was pale as a sheet; And so much were his senses bewilder'd 'tis said, That he hardly knew whether he stood on his head, Or whether he stood on his heels. The fowls from the table flew off in a crack, And made their escape at the door; The butler look'd blue, and the footman look'd black, While the Sherry, the Port, and the Frontiniac, Ran mingled with blood on the floor! With air most majestic she wander'd about, 'While the worms they crept in, and the worms they crept out,' And the guests they did marvel, and the guests they did doubt. On what she was going to say! Then Mrs. Bombastes she caught by the snout, And pushing the window on high, She toss'd the poor bride and the company out, And Jupiter then was alarmed at the rout, And smok'd his old pipe in the sky! Bombastes by far too much frighten'd to stay, Was preparing to scamper aside, But the ghost call'd him husband! and bore him away, And around him the lightnings eternally play, As he sits by his skeleton bride! A lesson to every hard hearted swain This sorrowful history teaches, And sure 'tis a circumstance wonderful plain, It is to remind us of Velveteen's pain, That people wear Velveteen breeches. 