JiEVlEW. fFnwi the Courier.) -41 CaiSendîih ; or, the Patrician at Sea. IV« »»-1 .,..,, .,«<, < canaan as oea.' We took un this novel with very unfavourable impressions, having perused -a severe, and as we supposed nt the time, just censure upon it, in the Literary Gus«««. We liavo read it through how- ever, carefully, and we'have no hesitation in saying that never was work more unjustly criticised. In point of style, Cavendish is certainly inferior to some of the recent novels by practised writers j but, considering that it is a first production, and by a young man, even the style ought to'escape censure. It is light, but not over flippant, and, with the ex- ception of two or three passages, has rather a moral tendency than otherwise. The introduction of nn account of the amours of the author is, however, in bad taste, supposing it not to bo a fiction, nnd in still worse taste if it be one. If the book should run to a second edition, the publisher will do well of his own authority to suppress (his absurd, and almost profligate portion of it. Here, however, ends our censure. With the exception stated, we regard Cavendish as a very clever work, and we can- not refrain from expressing our detestation of the system of liiornry burking which has been attempted upon it. The author is n nobleman, who preserves tho incognito. He is a staunch Keforraer, whether of naval or general abuses, nnd the chief objetít of his work seems to have boon to do justice to tho, slandered character.of Sir Edward Codrington. The account of the battle of Navarino is an admirable picture, but wo reserve it for a distinct notice. Wo shall now give three extracts, which will, wo thiuk, amuse our readers. THE BAZAAR AT SMYRNA. Reader, wast thou ever in n bazaar! ' Oh yes, you say, in Bokor-street, Oxford-street, and the Solio.'-Phew-unworthy to be dignified with the appellation-mere boxes of finery-I mean to shew you a real Oriental true bazaar; so, Madam, honour rae with that fair and well-turned arm of thine, and let us saunter on ; I have many little nothings to whisper to theo, or, shouldst thou want a stronger incentive than curiosity, I promise thou sbnlt make a thousand conquests (beside myself) of these dark oyod Moors, with those bluo orbs of thino. First look above, you see that the soft light and warmth of the sun is admitted, though his scorching noon-duy glare is shut out by a canopy of canvass, stretching from side to side-the sides themsolves being formed in some places, like the temporary booths of a fair, and in others, in a more substantial manner. These you perceive ramify in various direc- tions, like the streets of a populous town, some branches being devoted to tho sale of a particular article, such as the cloth-bazaar, the Morocco-bazaar, and so* on ; and so ai a which have stands for fixed commodities. Nothing is wanting, except pretty faces,-these Turkish scoundrels soclude their women so jealously, as to cause quite " a famine in the land." This is very sad, and at nny moment but this I should complain ; but with you ray fair reader on my arm This stand in tbo broad alley before us ia, as you may obsorve, the property of a pipe-manufacturer. Here are bundles of st rai tost cherry-stioks, in all the beauty of their highly-glazed and madder-co- loured barks, also branches of the jessamine-tree, brought to this perfection of growth by stationing so many girls in the garden whero they grow, whoso sole employment is to train the sprouts in the most direct possible manner-just as our mammas do at home, with the samo results-to be made hollow hearted by the world hereafter, while the most de- finable thing that fills up the vacuum, is but the smoke of vanity, drawn forth from the central fire of passion, by him whose interest is sorved thereby. When these branches have reached the thickness of the middle finger-moie or less, they nre cut into lengths, of from eight feet to one and a half; those of tho cherry-tree are highly glazod, those of the jessamine retaining their tough cuticle. The pur- chaser having chosen ODO of these, it Í3 drilled with a steel iviie, and the bowl and mouth-piece adapted, with tit-bits you may have from five-pence to five guineas. Next door behold the corner stall of our friend, Jew Froveit, where ottos, musk, ice. abound. Iloie we stand before a stall of oranges, citrons, melons, pomegranates, and grapes io profusion-do not taste the latter, they are seldom good. Indeed, you rafely obtain a grape on this station grown in ' the open air, if we exce'pt the Muscatelle, which is not much worth eating ; it has odd hardness, which maturity does not seem to soften. English hot bouse grapes far excel them. Hark ! is not that an oriental sound which strikes upon your ear, making you believe you have dropped asleep over the " Arabian Nights!" See, it comes from the tray borne on that man's head; a jet d'orangeade, caused by placing six tumblers in a circle, successively struck by a revolving clapper, the whole turned by some hydraulic power. Such a thing io London would make a fortune. ' Here we hare arrived at the booths of the Arme- nians, which are built a3 stationary. Behold the owners, with insignificant countenances, setting cross- legged, thinking of nothing but devotion-to their trade ; being in the line of I'urs, cloths, silks, crapes, &c.; This is a sombré, dull-looking part ; let us quit it. Ah, here we have something far more gay—two of the three prismatic colours are in abundance red and yellow. This is an alley of Turkish boots and slippers. Fancy what an adorable little foot to find its way into such a tiny morocco case-without a sole, 'tis true, for that villain, Mahomet, denies all- souls to mortal houris, whether for their bodies, din- ners, or feet. I wish he had been subjected to the fire of an English female coterie, composed of five and- twenty unmarried females, each of fifty years. I could even pity Mahommed in such a situation but to the diminutive boots ; gaze on them, and then ask yourself " What grief could ever rankle Before a petticoat,with such a peeping ankle ?" Now we pass to something brighter still. but far less lovely. These are the abodes of those who deal in swords and other instruments of slaughter-so nearly is dear woman born akin to war ; while, as the scorpion dwells amidst the flowers, may be seen mixed up a stand or two for eastern jewellery. Here we arrive opposite a man cutting up Turkish to- bacco, much in the same way as a groom chops up cinque foil-by a machine; the latter for horses, tlie first for mules-no offence to my friends of the turban. . After turnings and windings innumerable, we once more breathe the open air. We aie m the midst of a square in tho centre of the huge bazaar. Before us, in oriental grandeur, soars a mosque of white. The body, corresponding with that part of I an English church, is ornamonted with pillars ; but where our tower would be, you behold a light and | graceful minaret, around which the sculptor hos turned a sort of wreath-I am but a poor architeot. -It is surmounted with a small square .platform, whence the muzzheim summons Allah's people to their devotions. And noiv, my fair companion, I have a treat for you—a great one. Look yonder at that place, something between Burlington‐arcade and Rag‐fair (I go by guess). Well, within we find the merchants of Brussa (also styled Prussa), whose silks manufac- tured at the place of that name; near Constantino- ple, were esteemed as rarities at ' Howell and James' when 1 paid my wife's last bill. ti g« A TURKISH BATH.' The Turkish baths are divided into two sorts, respectively appropriated for either sex. The first room is of a very large size, fitted up in the most luxurious manner-sofas, carpets, divans-every ap- pendage of eastern comfort for those who choose to pay the sum, a mere trifle. The walls aro generally papered in the Frank style, representing different scenes, 6uoh as the Persian proceeding to pffer sa- crifice to the rising sun in his temple at Bnlbeo. At the entrance is a cafe on a small scale ; pipes and hookhas unnumbered, coffee, sherbet,'and ice iii abundance. In the centre the Bofas are congregated together, and so arranged that be who ¡3 reclining ¿n one is perfectly screened from the observation of the others. Here you unrobe ; a dressiog gown, or large shawl, is provided, and you follows conductorthrough a door opposite to the one through which you entered. You then find yourself in a atone room, whose tem- perature is fifteen degrees higher than the last.. A moment's .pause accustoms you to the change, and I'm on.you proceed into á third,.several degrees higher | L still. ' A second pause; and you enter the bath.' It is a large vaulted stone chamber, nearly of equal »ita | C th y< ral wuü the urti. TI» roof ia pierced willi nttmeroui. holes of a peculiar star like shape, arid as you look through the dense steam with which the pintie is filed, at the blue firmament above, .'it presents the A % °^ 8 Rauze ro^° *unK orer on a,uro spotted dross, At first the extreme rarification of the nir'is such that tho lungs feel unable to inhale a sufficient quantity. This soon wears off, and as the eye becomes accus- tomed to the greyish light, it disoerns a stono com partment in each corner containing a flat board, olo vated at one end, and a pipe of hot water to be used nt pleasure. At the end of the aparlmettt is a bath with apparatus for re-filling. The pavement, which is also of stono, inclines towards the centre, where ploys a fountain of warm water, under the fall of which may be seen reclining a denuded Turk ; at a little distance from whom is placeJ the gins? of his Iiooklia; the flexible pipe being mado water-tight, lies on the stone, and communicates with his mouth, every five minutes sending forth the ambrosial fumes of the western Weed j and thus he enjoys tho very acme of Turkish indolence and delight. _ Each new comer secures to himself (if unoccu- pied) one of tho corner compartments, and laving himself at length on the board, first ascertains that the water is not too hot, and then putting his head under the stream allows it to flow ns undisturbed ns the waters of Elie. Who could movo u finger for himself! No man who has a true poetical idea of luxury.-Oh.no; there are some half a dozen nu- biens very willing to wait upon ÏOU. Tho finite process is champooing, which consists in decuti clized (that's a word of my own coining, as Piodar savs), and having everyjoiutinyour body stretched till it cracks again. '1 he bath is now over, and, wrapped in your man- tle, you return to a dres3 on the sofa, taking your pipes and coffee, or iced sotbu raisiné. . * . ». » » ,A YARN. , , , . " Well, ould shiver-the-mixen, good nows^ afloat, this morning. They've turned out the coot from his feathered nest, to put our grand, royal swan in his place,' said the boatswain's mate, slapping the master-nt arms (a methodist) on the back, who was busily intent sraoakjng his pipe. * Now I ,mi,nds the Duke of Clarence main well, when wo were both in the same fleet together, under Lord Rodney, and a gama chap ho was.' « Lord High Admiral !' repliod themaster-at-arms, slowly pronouncing the title, as if criticising its propriety. * No, I've no objection to his being called High Admiral, but I doesn't like to hear a man called Lord High-no, that I doesn't, I con- siders itdonnright impwuse-that's plain.' . Why, get out o'tliat, you old methodist psalm singing beegar, you knows nothing about it ; if so be as they'd called the other feller, Melville, Lord High, I knows ns well as you can tell me that it would have been tarnation im/iionse, or wbatsomdever you choose to call it. But youm a reglar sanctified ghost, almost fit for a parson ; I 'sposes you'd wish un to be called Saint Bartholomy. No, no, none o' that for us ; I knows all about the Lord High ; hsie, who's for a yarn, my boysl' ' That's it, Jim, give us a regular tough un,' replied half a dozon voices. . Then make a ring, my boys ; side out for a bend, there, you, skilligalee,' and sitting himself on his hams in tbe midst of them, he began. ' I spose you knows before a man's a man he must be a boy. Well, my boys, this here Lord High was a midshipman once upon a time, and he'd just been paid off and gone home for a spree, my lads, I spose, to get into Heaven a little time afore he went afloat again ; well, he was living abord the Windsor Castle (I don't mane the ship but the big house there, up nlangLunnan way), with his father and mother that's the old King George, you know-tliough it does look summat queensh to me that sich a mighty high fellow as the king should be father to any one, much less lo a midshipman. But they till me the old man got n sight o' younguns. Howsomdever there he was living witb'em all britbers and sisters, and a lot more o' great folk. So one day he goes to dine with his sisters, for ye see I'm not sartain whether he messed thero altogether, or if be was only a what's it's name. What is that fine word, sergeant, you're a bit of a scholard, that 'em ore soger chaps calls it ashore V ' Oh, you means a horrorary member,' said the umpire sergeant, with the face of a lexicographer. ' Ah, to be sure I do, boy. Well, then, I'm not sartain whether the Lord High was a regular member of his slaters' mess, or if so ba only a horrorary member, but this I know he was dining there one day, and feeling rather dry, he looked about for his grog--well, blow me tight, and bad manners to 'em, if they hadn't put not a drop a grog on the table. No, nor never so much as a drap of wine. Well, ye see there was the first leaftenaoc there, what they calls tbe governish, so he didn't say devil a word while she was there, but it put his pipe out sure enough, and as soon as ever he gets his sisters alone, he says to 'em, ' How is it, my girls']' says he, that you han't got no grog to your dinner 1' ' So,' says they, ' the governish won't allow us any.' . What, says be, ' nor mine either V No,' says they, ' nor a drap o' wine neither.' ' Not even so much as a drap o'wine neither,' says he. 'Why, that's a pretty go. I'll see whether you shan't have some wine foi' your dinner. Next time you ax her for some, and if she doesn't gid you any, you begin to swear at her ; -- her eyes, nnd tell her she's a cursed old catamaran, ill tell'e how to 'huso her fast enough. I'll see whether she shall start all the grog overboard in that ere way.' ' So next day'whon they piped to dinner, they axes for some wine. ' Wine ! my dears, says the governish, ' you knows you mus'nt have any vine,' away they goes !-sich a hullabaloo ! ' we will have some wine.d-your eyes, you old chate-tbo-deeil-' ' Hush I hush ! hush I Oh, for shame, my dears,' says she, ' how can you blasfame in that scofligate manner Î' ' Its d- your manners,' says thoy ; ' you old ha?, gid us some wine directly, and none o' slack !' My eye, she was off to the purser's steward, opened her spirit hatch, and out with her wine in the twinkling of a bed-post, t\s ye may say. ' Well, they went on in this ere way for a week, she didn't dare to refuse 'em the allowance, or else they'd fall to swearing. At last she made a report of uto the Queen-a sort of sea skipper I spose she was aboard the old Windsor ; and she wouldn't believe it at first, till at last the governish per- suaded her to come and listen behind a curtain, that's a sort of flying bulk-bead you know. So by j ti and by they axes for their liquor, ' No,' says the tt governish, ' I won't gid 'ee a drap.' Look out for squalls. Soon as ever she said that away they flew, all set to with a will, and blackguarded the old soul up to the skies. ' Well,' says he, ' this hera is that midshipman Clarence's doing. Oh, those sailor chaps, what rum uns they be surely ! enough to torment a fellow out of his life-what shall I do 1 He shall live upon bread and water.' ' So sure enough the king ordered a dinner of bread and water to be served out, and the Lord High was taken there to eat. " Holloa !" says he, " here's a pretty ban yan day." He eat bread and water! what a tar drink puie water, without so much as a drap o'rum to qualify it. No, no, not if he know'd it, in downright positive disobedience to the rules of sea. No, he be d-d if he'd have any thing to do with it.-Well, they tells this to the admiral (the king you know), and he comes and tells the Lord-High if he doesn't eat it directly, he'll send un off to their mast-head. Now,' said the old seaman very sagely scratching his nonce, ' blow me if I knows where their mast-head is, unless it's where the dog-vane twirls over the chim- ney-pot. Lord High ! yes, I think he would a been high enough if he'd sent un up there. , ' Well.'seeing there wai no help for it, the Lord i High fell to ea: the bread, drank the water, and then . sung out for more. ' For I'm terrible hungry,' said I \ he. As soon as ever the second batch was finished, he turned round, fronting the old George, and giv- ing his waistband a bitch, jist as that might be, he sings out, ' I wouldn't give a d-- to dine with the king!" . Hurrah 1 well, if that isn't a good un,' exolaim ed, tlu listeners, one and all. ' And what did the old George do ! Do 1 why he laughed ready to split a self, jist as you or I might do.' 