A GHOST AT SEA. We detained a Greek ship upon some suspicion or other which did not transpire in the midship- men's berth, although, of course, we found out enough in our own minds ; quite enough to con- demn half a score of ships, could we have caught them. The prize was placed under the charge of a lieutenant and some ten or twelve men, and proceeded with us to Malta ; but, as the admiral was off Toulen, we repaired to the blockade squadron, and the detained ship entered the har- bour There is hardly a man in the navy, I mean a foremast man,, who has not either seen or heard, or been convinced that such thinigs as ghosts really do exist, and that he has been too near them to be pleasant ; therefore I shall spare my- self the trouble of relating "accredited ghost- stories": from my naval memorandum book, One will suffice to show how superstitious, fears may .operate upon minds brave arid pliant when real dangers are at hand, and weak and cowardly when phantom haunt the brain ; hehce the say- ing of a true tar, accused of being afraid to go down in the hold of a vessei Ihe day a man had died aboard the ship ; who, on belng rebuked .for his cowardice, screwed up his mouth, hitched up his trousers, and replied - "Aye, aye, sire, you know i would fight a devil by daylight, but a ghost in the dark is a very different thing." It appears that our Greek vessel was not subject to quarantine, and; consequently, entered Valetta Harbour. In the evening the lieutenant thought he had had quite enough of the vessel at sea, and that he could as well dine on there ; consequently having no captain's leave to ask, on shore we went and contrived to amuse himself much to his satis- he then repaired to his ship in a Maltese boat. On mounting the side of the vessel he was astonished to find the whole of the crew on deck, walking about ln considerable agitation, and breaking through all disciplines by herding upon the quarter- deck. "Hellow!" said the lieutenant. "what the devil is the matter now? How is it Mr W con- continued he, addressing himself to the midshipman, "that the men are not in their hammocks?' The whole crew answered at once - "That they would rather sleep on the cross trees that go below again, for they had seen a ghost. "Seen a what!" roared the lieutenant-*' A ghost!" they answer- ed, 'A ghost,' said the lieutenant "'what is he like ? — here, you lumping, cowardly cur,' said he, seizing hold of the stoutest man of the crew, who was shaking like a leaf, *' tell me I say., what the devil is the ghost like?— Is he a Greek, a Turk, or a Christian ?— What did he say ? — D- — you, speak directly, or I'll find a way to make you.' It was ail in vain, not a word could he get from one of the crew but--'* that they had seen a ghost.' One declared the .unceremonious phantom got under his. hammock, and, capsizing it, threw, him. on the deck; another swore to his having been cuffed by the shadow ; and all ad- mitted they had received some injury. "Quarter- master, give me a light, and let me see if I can find the ghost,' said the lieutenant; and down he went by the main-hatch way to hunt up the spirit— the midshipman, who was young, and who had caught the sympathetic fright, remaining on. deck. Below was glorious confusion— every thing indicated that by some means or another the crew had jumped on deck without waiting to dress themselves and tbe half-naked appearance of the men confirmed that idea. In vain the lieutenant called for one of the men to come down to lift the fore-hatch ; not a soul obeyed the order, and, after a fruitless search he repaired on deck again. *Come here, my men, " said he, "you see I have been below ahd hunted lore and aft for your ghost, and cannot find him ;— How can you be such, cursed asses as to believe that a dead, man, which a ghost must be, could turn you all out of your hammocks,---pinch one — cuff anotner-— and slap a third ! — Will any man step forward and tell me ttiiat he saw the ghost ? Here, you lubberly fellew— you Jackson, you have seen dead men by dozens— now tell me did you see it? This was a home question, and looking round, during which it was quite amusing to see how studiously every man seemed to wish to avoid being the outside man, replied— *' that he certainly had not.seen the ghost himself, and,' added he, *'I begins to think as how I've been imposed upon.''; Fatal speech ! Never did man since the creation make innocent words to cause his death. 'Then set the example tp these old women, and go down to your hammock.' ''Aye, aye, sir,' said Jackson, who turning round, added— *' Come along, lads/'* but the devil a lad followed. His hammock was in the fore-peak of the vessel, consequently the very farthest point from the quarter, from which no power could make the sailors budge an inch. He had not much clothing of which to divest himself, and, turnihg into his hammock, endeavorred to court sleep— the only power not gained by courting. Half au hour had elapsed^ and some of the crew began to think a snug hammock was just as good as walk- ing half naked in the night air. When a scream was heard, aud up the hatchway flew Jackson in his shirt, his hair standing on end, and his face the very picture of terror and dismay. The crew caught the fear, and the sudden noise roused the Iieutenant, who was instantly on deck. ' Well,' said he. ' what now.-— have you caught the ghost?' The pale and affrighted face of Jackson struck the lieutenant with indignation and dis- gust, for the lieutenant believed in no ghost but one htat used to drink the boatswain's grog, It often happens to Malta that a swelt sets into the harbour, and boats, which are fast to the stern, wash against the counter of the ship, giving the boat a very unwholesome shake, and producing a noise by no means conducive to sleep-this. was the case on that night. ' Here, you .Jackson," said the lieutenant, 'd— your white face— you're not fit to be a sailor - go down and keep that boat clear of the counter." To this order the sailor willingly acceded, as it placed him out of the reach of his spiritual tormenter - but such was his fright that he missed his hold in descend- ing by the boat's painter- fell overboard, and sunk like a stone : It was but the splash--and life was gonei ;The crew, now became more alarmed but the lieutenant retired to rest. Daylight dawned before the crew followed so good an ex- imple. The next morning the seaman's body was found perfectly black, and was interred on shore with due honours,; A generation of priests, pro- perly garbed were paid for walking round the deck with crucifixes and lighted wax-candles, although it was broad daylight ; a certain quan- tity of holy. water was sprinkled on the deck ; prayers were: said and in Latin of which certainly neither ghost;nor crew understood one single word : and, ; strange as it may appear, the men were perfectly satisfied that the ghost was im- prisoned in one of Pharoah's chariots in the Red Sea- they slept in their hammocks as usual, and from that hour neither ghost nor goblin was seen, felt or heard - METROPOLITAN 