Naval Anecdotes : A TOUGH YARN. “ Travellers see strange things.” ‘ To be sure they do, or else what’s the use of crossing the ocean ? and though at the same time many hardships must be encountered, yet what of that? If it wan’t for a stiff breeze now and then, we should have the old women going upon voyages of discovery, and peeping into every corner of the world with the same ease they overhaul their neighbours’ consarns. Besides, arn’t travellers amply repaid by the wonderments they come athwart ? Only read Mr. Brooke’s “ Journey to the North Cape,” about the lemming and the manner of catch- ing puffins. Many persons would be led to doubt the truth of the account, and consider the narrator as cousin-german to Baron Mun- chausen, or the more amiable Tom Pepper, particularly about the foxes. In such mat- ters I am little skilled ; but the following plain statement of facts was given by old Ben Marlin to some young sprigs of fashion, who listened with wonder and astonishment : — “ Why, aye, young gentlemen, you may well say sailors see strange things. They are a sort of hum-fib-ius animals, that often stand in the imminent deadly breach, as Shakes- pur has it ; for, d’ye see, the breech of a gun is its stern, as a body may say ; and I’ve often elevated and depressed my breech when the shots were flying about so thick that you couldn’t stick a marlin-spike atwixt ’em. Well, I often wonder I didn’t get knock’d down in the many blows-up I’ve been in, but I suppose I was bomb-proof. I remember when I was boatswain’s mate of the Firefly frigate, Captain Tommyhawk, we were cruising on the coast of Norway to hook for the flying Dutchman, cause, d’ye see, the Nabob of Arcot — him as lives at Pondicherry, in the north of Scotland — had sent an express to the lords of the admiralty in a fire-balloon, to inform ’em she was cruis- ing about there, to the great annoyance of the merrytime subjects ; so we were com- missioned to send the ghost aloft in a shower of Congreve’s rockets. Well, d’ye see, we’d got as far northward as sixty-six, when one afternoon, about three o’clock, it being then pitch dark, we cotch’d sight of her. Up comes Captain Tommyhawk ; he was a rum subject, always full of spirits, and so was the first lieutenant, for matter o’ that. Up he comes ; and, clapping his speaking-trum- pet to his eye, and the glass to his mouth — No, no ; I mean he put his eye to the speak- ing-trumpet, and his mouth to the glass — Avast! I don’t mean that either. Howsome- ever, you knows what I mean. Well, we made all sail in chase, and the officers swore it was she ; for, whatever way we put the ship’s head, still she was on the starboard bow, and none but a phantom could do that. The rockets were prepared, the matches were lighted ; and, just as we were going to fire, the officer of the watch discovered we had been chasing the anchor-stock that stuck up above the cathead, and loom’d large in the dark ; but that wan’t to be the best of it, for it came on to blow great guns. The wind was at south-sou-north, and we lay a north-east and by west course. The night was as black as the Emperor of Mo- rocco ; however, we got her under close- reef’d puddings-bags, balanced the cook’s apron for a trysail, and stow’d the masts down in the hold. Away she went — sky- pole and bobbing-pole, scupper-hole and hawse-hole, spanker-boom, and jib-boom, all under water. It took five men to hold the captain’s hat on, and we were obliged to shove our heads down the hatchways to draw breath. The first lieutenant had all his hair blown off, and has worn a wig ever since. The boatswain’s call was jamm’d so fast in his jaws that it took a dozen men to bowse it out with a watchtackle. The mas- ter was bellowing through his speaking-trum- pet when a squall took every tooth out of his head as clean as a whistle. His gums were as bare as the hour he was born, but that didn’t matter ; he lived on suction, grog, and bacca, though he’s chew'd upon it ever since. Oh, what a sight to see the whales and dol- phins jumping over us just like flying fish ! and a shark swallowed the jolly-boat at one gulp ! We drove all night ; and about eleven o’clock next forenoon, just as day began to break, we heard a most tremendous roaring ; it was like — but I can’t tell you what it was like. The charts were examined, and every body pull’d long faces, for it was discovered to be the Moll-strum, that swallows every thing up. My eyes, there was a pretty perdickyment ! When it was broad day- light we were close to it, and nothing could save us. You’ve seen soap-suds run round in a ring down a gully- hole ? Well, what do you think of a whirlwind — whirlpool I mean, whose horrid face was as wide as it is from here to Jerusalam ! Ah, you may stare ! but it was a complete earthquake. Up comes the chaplain, and he soon began his dive- ocean, for a lump of a sea lifted him up above the heads of the people, and over- board he went ; but we saw him afterwards on the back of a grampus, making the best of his way to the North Pole. Well, we were suck’d in, and run round and round, just as people do when they run down from the top of the Monument ; but still we kept on an even keel, though I’m certain we went at the rate of fifty miles a minute, and floated on the surface of the whirlpool. They said this was occasioned by gravitation. I know we were all grave enough upon the occa- sion, expecting to be buried alive. Well, we kept at this for some hours, and then the captain swore that we should come out on the opposite side of the globe, if we could only keep clear of the planet Pluto ; and he supposed the Frenchman who found out that the variation of the compass proceeded from an internal motion had gone that way be- fore us. For my part, I couldn’t tell what to make of it. Well, we kept at this, as I told you before, for some hours, when it be- gan to get plaguy hot, and the water steamed again. ‘ Boiling springs !’ says the captain ; ‘ we’re under Lapland, and the witches are all at work under this huge cauldron !’ We had only to dip our beef overboard, and it was cook’d in two minutes ! Well, young gentlemen, we soon found out where we were ; for, though ’twas dark — aye, as black as my hat one minute, yet in an instant, in an amagraphy, I may say, we burst from the water into the middle of a roaring fire, and was shot out of the top of Mount Hecla like a pellet from a pop-gun. How would you like that now ? How high we went I can’t say, but the sparks got hold of the rockets and set them off ; and I understand the as- tronomer royal, at the house up there, was looking out that night, and took it for a whole fleet of comets ! We had a fine bird’s-eye view of the world — saw Captain Parry jamm’d up in the ice, Captain Franklin chas- ing the wolves, and Mr. Brookes killing the lemmings. Well, I can’t say how high we went. Says the master, says he, ‘ A little higher, my lads, and we shall be able to catch hold of the Great Bear, pass a hawser round it, and make fast to repair damages ; but mind your helm, boy, or you’ll spur us on to Bootes, knock Kiss-you-peeper out of the chair, or run away with the Northern Crown — though the Emperor of Russia takes pretty good care of that.’ However, we didn’t go quite so high, but came rattling down in a tremendous hurry, pass’d close to Riggle-us in Li-o, and nearly poked the eye out of Medusa’s head. Well, we fell at last upon a mountain of snow, keel down- wards; it broke our fall, and happily we sustained but little injury— made a fine dock for ourselves — shored the frigate up— got all ataut in a few days— and waited for the melting of the snow ; when one morning the stocks fell, and we were left upon the wide ocean. The fact was, we had tumbled on to the back of a kraken that had been asleep for a century ; the snow had gathered upon him in mountains ; our thump woke him, though I suppose it took a fortnight to do it thoroughly ; down he went, and we returned in safety to Old England ! So ‘ Here I am you see, God bless his Majesty ! All dangers past, Safe moor’d at last, In Greenwich Hospital.’ I’ve nothing to complain of but one thing ; and I think, if I was to write to the com- mander-in-chief at the parliament-house, he’d take it under his pious consideration ; and that’s this here : We ought to get our bacca duty free, as we used to do in actual service. My old captain, Sir Joseph, might jaw a bit about it, and come York over ’em ; and Sir Isaac Coffin, however grave on other subjects, ought not to be mute in this, but commence undertaker in the cause, and re- hearse our grievances, that we mayn’t get pull’d at last, and have it shrouded in obscu- rity, or buried in oblivion ; for d’ye see, right Virginia is a baccanalian treat to such a dry quid nunx as AN OLD SAILOR.” 