AUSTRALIA.—It is curious to observe how rapidly th'ia colony has advanced to power and riches; it far exceeds any thing or the kind on record. America, with all its prosperity, is a very immeasurable distance behind. GovernovWiillip.who landed at Sydney on the 20th January» 1788, (now 44 years ago,) -with a few incorriyi bles, the anniversary of which landing is till kept up. Dhe first harvest was reaped t Sydney i tt 1789; and at Psramalta, 15 miles dis»? -nce, in December, 1799; and the first Settler, James Purse, got his land in 1/91. Here where, 44 years ago, no hu- Vjrian voice was heard, with exception of he bellowing of the savage in the deserts we have now from 60,000 to 70,000 happy inhabitants, all members of the parent stem, from our own British islands; here where there was not one European animal, ire have now about 3i 0, 000 sheep, and 150, 000 cattle ; here where there was not an ear of grain, we now see 150,000 bushels for sale; here, in fact, there is a want of nothing but industrious men and women. The shipping, which in 1820 was at the lowest ebb, has improved mightily; for in that year there were only three 6hips from England; in 1826 there were 24; and in 1830 we find nenrly 40; and last year there were considerably more; ahd-Mr, -Edward lYaikiiuhaw, of Liverpool, has for some time been dispatching a vessel .every , month. There -were last year imported into' the cqioiiyj Cap^wines tobacco, India calicoes,* nankeens,. silks BUgor, and teas/ Valued at, about.££&(>, <tOO] and the cargoes from England Were estimated at upwards of £500,000; "and the exports .£'457,930 nearly doufile •what they were wont to be. In 1826, 90 acres of sugar cane . were plabted ttt l'ort Macquarte, in latitude 3!{ deg.,.andralthough the. climate ib cold, yet ihey have done well. There Is however, unexceptionable spil climate to. the north df thfft, which is now under,crops^of stigar.'Tobpcco is thriving: , _ well* . and'both H .fend sugar ,vyi|J ..«oon vbecome VjSrtifeles of exportation., ^ines aretalsotfoinfr well* and every species oCTruits are pllntifgi and good, indeed so plentilul aft they .that pigs are fattejned upon peaches, r aVid melons. . ' ''.•'• '.'• ./ • 'FII'HCIOW MODS <>F At an annual exdmination lately at a certain High Church ahd StateEstablishment npt a thousand miles from S-—•y, the WMng all been «areHilly pap : oic<f, onp "boy who had learned to >ejifeavi;Vie '^belief," happening to be taken illj anotljer hoy who had nevergot oflPtlie wholfe by rotej was put in the sick absentee's place. On tile (examination day'accordingly, when asked—What do you 'believe in? he answered with Bome naivete, "Nothen;. the boy wot believes 1 in the ifloly Ghost is iil at home in bed!"— 