Select Poetry. THE HAPPY MAN'S SHIRT. (FROM THE GERMAN OF LANGBEIN) A King lay dangerously ill, And nought availed him draught or pill ; He bore his fate with resignation; While round his bed their consultation; The grave physicians held, the fever Laugh'd at their skill as much as ever. Now all the theatres were closed, And fiddlers intermitted scraping; The beau monde, as may be supposed, From feigning grief saw no escaping; They had already, it is said, Order'd their mournings to be made. The old court jester seemed as though His tongue had suffered amputation, And he who once could chatter so, Now 'mongst the doctors took his station: Silent and silly, near the bed He stood and shook his empty head. At length, howe'er, it chanced on day From off his lips the padlock fell— "Ye sage big-wigs!" he 'gan to say, "You're only fit for folks who're well: In spite of all your Greek and Latin, Death where he will creeps like a rat in ! Now look ye, sirs, before your eyes He grapples with the Lord's anointed; Vain are your drugs and looks so wise— He laughs to see you disappointed. Son now be off! I know a man, If he can't cure him, no one can. He is—what you're not altogether— A conjuror of wondrous fame; He can lay ghosts and goblins, whether from hell or heaven, 'tis all the same; And to a bair he prophesies; And when he's called no sick man dies." "Humph!" says one sage, "do you pretend, You fool! to know aught of the case?" "Pshaw!" cried the king, "be silent, friend! He's the best servant I've in place. Heed not his talk, good fool, but bring Your wizard here to heal your king." Not distant was the wizard's cave, I was seated in a neighbouring wood; Quickly he rose; led by the knave, His tottering steps the way pursued. Like Nestor, he with years was graced, His silver beard flowed to his waist. In low, hoarse voice his majesty With friendly greeting hailed the sage— "Welcome, most worthy prophet! I Do bless thy coming. Light of th' age! Must I—oh, tell me is't my doom— Step from my throne into my tomb?" "I may not give," the greybeard said, "An instant answer to thy quest; The rolling planets must be read— Hard is their meaning to be guessed. When morning gilds the mountain's brow, Thy life or death I'll truly shew." Thus having said, he went away, Leaving to greatness all its cares: True to his word, at dawn of day He comes again, and with him bears A magic volume in his hand, Which none but he could understand. "Sir kin," he spake, "your danger's great Death ready stands to claim his own; But yet your majesty may straight Your health regain, if you put on A shirt whose owner hath enjoyed Happiness always unalloyed." The courtiers laughed—"the man is mad!"— A whisper ran around the room; Yet spake with hope the monarch glad To his prime minister—"Now come My lord, this in your province lies, This shirt forms part of the supplies. Why do you muse and look so pale?"— Only to-day you boasting spoke, Your policy could never fail To fill my realm with happy folk: Now of this mighty host I ask No more than one—that be your task." The statesman left the sick king's bed, Bearing a cloud upon his face, And to his cabinet he sped, Cursing from first to last the case. He spoilt ten pens in his vexation, And then he wrote a proclamation. "Whereas, &c;, near our bed Death ready stands to claim his own; Yet shall we, hath a prophet said, Our health regain, if we put on A shirt who's owner hath enjoyed Happiness always unalloyed. Therefore, to whom all care's unknown We now address our proclamation— Let him forthwith give us in loan A shirt (though coarse, 'twill serve th' occasion): The boon we shall with gold reward, And favour with our high regard." At the street corners, scarcely dry, The paper had not long ben pasted, Than half the town, with eager eye And neck outstretched, impatient hasted To read it o'er— when straight a flood Of bitter comments on't ensued. Quoth Poverty—"God bless us! So ! We truly are the folks they want:— We're rich in cares; in shirts—oh, no! Our huts are misery's fav'rite haunt; And when taxation opes the door, Good bye to luck—he's seen no more!" And many a husband read the bill, And bit his lip, to think the life He led at home, and what a pill It was to have a vixen wife, Whose temper prov'd, alas! too well That oft on earth there is a hell. In short, each on his burden bore, And each one heav'd a deep-drawn sigh, And felt, in truth, it griev'd him sore That he couldn't a shirt supply; And day and night they waited—yet The smallest rag they could not get. "D—n it!" —for once, the statesman swore— "Now this, I say, is insolent— My coach." He searched the kingdom o'er; But only to such people went As by the world's false estimate Have happiness supremely great. He sought among the rich, who roll (A swinish multitude) in gold; He sought the high, whose mighty soul Could dream of nought but project bold; He sought the newly-wedded pair, Who span-new bands of Hymen wear. "My friends!" He said, "in verity We're much surpris'd and discontent You fell not for his majesty, And not a single shirt have sent: If you're not happy—hang it! then No happiness exists 'amongst men." Red grew the cheek of many a dame, And many a valiant knight turn'd pale: There was a something they might blame, But fear'd confessing the sad tale; So from his lordship hid the smart, And shew'd him all things—save their heart. Shirts without number, true, he got— His carriage could not hold them all; And in the palace scarce a spot Was left uncover'd—e'en the hall; And each, although exceeding weak, The king put on, and—still was sick. "Just as I thought," the jester cried; "Spite of our wisdom's excellence, Except a fool, who would have tried To find true bliss in eminence?— 'Tis nought but smoke with such a brood; Ape's tricks and cat-like gratitude." "Ay! ay! that's true, " then said the king; "My jester speaks both bold and right: Again, my lord, to travelling— Nor e'er return, as you're a knight, Till what we wish you chance to find— The shirt of health, as was enjoined." His lordship gave the fool a look Of vengeance; and then "slave!" he grunted And then for his companion took A courtier friend; and round they hunted Full four weeks long, now here, now there— In short they travell'd every where. A trumpeter before them rode, And as they went, he blew a blast In every village on the road: This was their question to the last; "Is there none happy in this place?"— But not a single voice said, "Yes!" "Here's a wild-goose chase!" cried the count; "Coachman, turn back!—upon my soul, I'll call that jester to account; He's made us each an April fool. The people dread, if they confess, Lest we should tax their happiness." "Just so," his fellow-traveller said; "They think they've been too long without A slice of bacon to their bread; And, for my part, I do not doubt That all the wizard said was fudge: He's humbug'd king and all, I judge." Their carriage now with lordly speed Rolled on towards the capital; There fortune's star, as they proceed, They sought with offers liberal, They'd many a slice of the best bacon; But happiness would not be taken. At last, one morn—so runs the tale— Their journey they had scarce began, When, sounding from a grassy vale, Within a grove, safe from the sun, By the way-side, a song they heard In jovial tone, thus word for word:— "Hurrah! I am a joyous wight, As though I had a prince's gold! And, oh! it makes me laugh outright, When Mammon's votaries I behold. Hurrah! I am as rich myself, Since I can do without their pelf!" "Ha! hear you not that merry lay, Under yon spreading beechen shade?— Upon my word, there warbles gay The phœnix we are seeking," said The count to his companion. "Stay! Coachman, we'll make a last essay." Alighting, then led by the sound, Into the wood they walk'd and there They saw a peasant; on the ground He sat and ate his rustic fare: The clown—a young, fresh, active youth, All life and spirit, in good truth— With what an appetite he ate! And how content laugh'd on his face! And, to complete the scene, there sate At his right hand a jolly lass, Straight as a wand, compact and round, And as a fish i' th' water sound. He kissed her—and that made the spies Feel their mouths hate at the sight; "Upon my word!" the count then cries, "Yon fellow revels in delight, Seas'ning his breakfast with a kiss— An epicure might envy this!" Nearer they came. "My friend! So, so, You relish things betimes I see; Thou seem'st a most determin'd foe To sorrow and anxiety; And, if thy looks do not deceive, That thou are happy I believe." "Ay! that I am!" good Hodge replied; "My labour yields me all I need; And tell me where so nice a bride As her could I have found?—indeed, When she looks on me lovingly, I'd not change with the king—not I." "Alas! poor king!" the statesman said; "Now lies he sick and rack'd with pain; Yet thou canst raise him from his bed With little trouble, well again: A shirt—the wizard's words assure— "A shirt of thine will work his cure." " A shirt of mine!" Hodge wond'ring cried— "A shirt of mine!—I'm grieved to say— I am indeed"—and then he sigh'd— "I can't oblige you in that way; Of happiness a large supply— But d—l a rag of shirt have I!" "Heavens!" cried the statesman, and grew pale, The happiest man in a this realm Has got not shirt!—the mournful tale Will all with sorrow overwhelm." Just as he sung this dirge down-hearted, His sacred majesty departed. His sacred majesty departed. 