AN AWFU' LEEIN'-LIKE STORY. BY THE ETTRICK SHEPHERD. " GUDE forgi'e us, Mr. Sholto, is this you ? Sic a fright as I got ! What for are ye gaun staumrin' amang the dead fo'k's graves, at this time o' night ?" " Hark ye, Andrew, you are an honest man." "Thank ye, sir.'' " I think I can trust you with a hint ; for if I cannot trust you, I know of no other on whom I can depend. I was thinking of opening a grave to-night." " If I war you, I wadna do that, Mr. Sholto. Ay, Ay ! An' has your desperate fortune driven you to be a doctor, an' ye're gaun to study the mussels ?" "What is your opinion, Andrew, about my uncle's will – do you believe that he ex- ecuted one in my favour ?" "Eh ? What has that ado wi' howking up the dead ? I ken he made a will in your favour, an' carried it very muckle in his pouch – the warst place it could be depo- sited in ; for you were wild, an' he was auld and cross – an' I fear he has brunt it, an' ye'll never be a plack the better o' a' his riches. Your cousin, Lord Archibald, has got it, and he'll keep it. But, L—— sauf us ! What are ye gaun to howk up the dead for ? " Why, Andrew, you may perhaps ac- count it a foolish fancy ; but a desperate man is often driven to desperate expedients. What would you think if my uncle had taken that will to the grave wi' him ?" "I wad na wander a bit. But then there's this to consider, – How was he to get it to the grave wi' him ? The coffin wasna made till after he was dead ; an' wad it no rather pinch him to get haud o' the will, after that?'' " I have very powerful reasons for sus- pecting that my uncle's will has been de- posited in his coffin by some interested person, or bribed person ; else, what has become of it ? It could scarcely have been burnt at this season, because there was no fires in the house, save that in the kitchen, where there would have been too many wit- nesses. But if his will was in his pocket, and his clothes in the room, it was an easy matter to slip the deed into the coffin. Now, Andrew, will you assist me in making the search ?" " The deil a bit, sir. I daurna ; an, troth, I think your powerful reasons nae reasons at a'." " I have often reasons then these, An- drew, which I'm not at liberty to tell." "Then, if ye winna tell them, ye shall howk the dead out o' his grave yoursell, for me. The truth his, that I hae a particular aversion at dead fo'k ; but I wad venture gayen far for a secret like that." " What was your opinion of my father, Andrew ?" "He was a very honest, good natured, simple man ; but he had a fault – an' an unco bad ane, too." " A fault ? What do you mean, Andrew – what was it?" " O, it was an ill fault, sir, He was useless. He never had the power to do a good turn to himsell, or any other body." " Do you think my father will be in heaven, Andrew ?" "Eh ! – Hem ! I cou'dna say. It is ra- ther a kittle question, Mr. Sholto. I hope he his, however ; but wadna say ower far. Good-night, sir. I wadna open the grave, an I war you. It will may be bring the law down on your head." " Stop, stop, Andrew. I cannot do without your assistance, so I must tell you every thing. You know my father was an honest and a truthful man while on earth, and would not have told a lie, with his knowledge. Now my father has appeared to me, and told me in plain and direct terms, that my rights are lying in that grave."' "Mr. Sholto, I'm feared that your mis- fortunes have disarranged your mind – that's putten you a wee daft, as it war ; or else you're telling me a fib, to induce me to assist you in an unlawful deed. Ye surely dinna pretend to say that your dead father really appeared to you in his bodily shape, and gae you this piece o' intelligence ?" " Again and again in his bodily shape has he appeared to me, and told me this. I saw him as plainly as I see you, and heard his words as distinctly as I hear yours." "Alas, I fear the mind has been wander- ing. But even suppose it has, I can hardly blame you for making the attempt, for even an ideal hint frae a parent beyond the grave has an impression wi't. But they said your uncle was buried in an iron chest." "So he was, but 1 have the key of it; for though not the lineal heir, I was the nearest-of-kin, and the burial place is mine. So now, good Andrew, pray assist me ; and if I succeed in procuring the rights to my uncle's property and riches, which you know should all have been mine, your re- ward shall be liberal." " We'll do it in open day, then, an' I will assist you. The burial-ground is your ain, an' I dinna see how any body can hinder you to delve in it as muckle as you like ; but as to assisting you in the howe o' the night, I fear my conscience wadna stand it." " We will not be suffered to do it by day, the church officers would have us taken up, for violating the sepulchres of the dead. And, moreover, I want to have it done most secretly, for fear of disappointment, for I have no doubt but that Lord Archi- bald knows very well where the deed is de- posited. And now I have all the mattocks prepared, so, dear Andrew, let us proceed." After much hesitation, and bargaining for a yearly salary, Andrew consented, and the two fell to work about nine o'clock on an October night. There was a tall iron railing round the cemetry, with pikes on the top as sharp as needles, and of this Sholto had the key, which likewise opened the iron chest in which the coffin was de- posited, for Sholto's mother was sister to the deceased, and retained her right in that, without being able to realize any thing be- side. The two adventurers, therefore weened themselves quite safe from any sur- prise ; and Andrew being well accustomed to work with pick and spade, wrought away strenuously and successfully, while Sholto himself was to search the coffin, for he said, that into contact with a dead man at that howe o' the night, for the saul o' him, he durst not come. It was a laborious task, for the grave was deep, and untill once the whole of the earth was cleared away, the lid of the iron chest could not be raised stright up so as to let the coffin out. They at last effected it : The lock was opened and the lid set straight up, leaning against the side of the grave ; and just while both their heads were down, as they were striving to unscrew the coffin lid, the corpse within gave three or four sharp angry raps at the head of the coffin, right above the face. "L—— sauf us ! What was that ?" cried Andrew. " Was it not you ?" returned the other. " Na, it wasna me," rejoined the frighted menial, his whole frame and tongue becom- ing rigid with terror. " Why, you ridiculous old bumpkin, do you mean to frighten me away from the prize, now that it is so nearly attained ; do not I know that it was you, and that it could be no one else ?" " As I live and breathe, and look up to Heaven, it was not me," said Andrew. " Come, come, no more fooling. Begin and work – we shall be at our wit's end in a few seconds." " I wish I were sure that I warna at mine already, Come away – come away out o' this place, for the sake o' Heaven !" " Why, fool, how is it possible my uncle can be alive in that chest till now, with all that iron and earth above him ? But, say that he were, would we not be the most hard hearted and inexcusable sinners, were we to go away and not let him out ?" " Let him out ! d'ye say ? L——, an he war to rise out there even now, I wad dee i' this spot. Maister Sholto, Sholto ! As I live an' breathe, (an' it's a' ane can ken,) I thought I heard him laughin' ! " " Laughing?" " Ay – smirkin' a kind o' suppressed laugh at me." "I cannot comprehend this. On my soul, I believe I heard some living sounds. Fall on and work, I beseech you." But Andrew had dropped his mattock in the grave, and working was over with him for that night. He, however, began to stoop and grope for his schrewdriver, while Sholto fell to the coffin again with eager but unpractised hands. At this juncture, while Andrew's head was down, and Sholto fumbling about the lid, the raps on the coffin lid were repeated, accompanied by these words, in angry tone, "Who's there ? What do you want ?" Andrew roared out in bellowings so short, loud, and energetic, that they were enough to awaken the dead, and bearing up from the dead grave against the loose mould, it gave way with him. and he fell back flat into the grave. Rattle quoth the coffin, and that instant Andrew felt the weight of a giant above him, while a dead cold hand seized him by the throat, and a voice of terror uttered these omi- nous words close at his ear, — " You — villain, I have caught you !" Andrew offered no resistance. He cried out as long as he had any voice, and when that failed him, he was passive, every joint of his body becoming as supple as a wet clout, and from henceforward he was deprived of all sense or feeling, and knew not what the dead man was doing with him, whether he was dragging him into the coffin beside himself, or away to that dreadful place appointed for the habitation of wicked men ; but certes, he had a sort of half feeling that he was being dragged away to some place or other. Andrew's next appearance must be taken from the description of others. It was in a sort of pri- son, or watch-house, in which there was a dim light, and a number of hideous figures stalking to and fro, but to none of them would Andrew utter a word. It was in vain that they asked questions at him for his mind was not there ; and he only stared about him with looks so wild, that he made the motley community bray out in laughter. The first words that he said, and that waa long after his admission, were, "Where is he himself ?" meaning the devil, as some supposed, but perhaps with probability the baron whom he had awakened from the dead, for he had supposed all that while that he was in hell. Sholto was first examined, who stubbornly de- clined all explanation of his motives, and appeared in the deepest distress imaginable. But when Andrew was brought in before the judge, a most novel and ludicrous scene was enacted. Andrew was still deranged in his mind, and so completely deprived of judgment, that he seemed to entertain no idea in what place he was, or who he was among. He fixed long and terrified looks on his conductors alternately, and then towards other parts of the chamber, and at last, when he was addressed by the judge's clerk, his looks turned in that direction ; but there was no speculation in his eyes – they were unstable and glaring, and, though looking with terrible eagerness, they beheld nothing distinctly, while to every question his answer was, "Eh? Aye. Where is he himsell ?" When they asked who he wanted, he said he wanted nobody – he only wished to learn what was become of him. This, after long winding about, turned out to be the late baron whom he was en- quiring after; Andrew being impressed with the firm belief, that the old rascal had banged from the coffin in a great rage, and seized him by the throat. When at last they brought Andrew to answer, his narration certainly was the most strange and inco- herent ever delivered in a court. It appeals there had been no impressions left on his mind, but the late scene of the grave, and the wonderful fact of the old baron having been still alive. I shall insert a few of the questions and answers here, verbatim, for the amusement of the curious in legal proceed- ings. "What were your motives for violating the sanctuary of the dead ?" "I had nae motives for't, sir – nane at a'. I gaed because Mr. Sholto ordered me to gang' an' sair, sair against my will." " Then, of course, he would reveal to you what his motives were ?" "Aye; but let him speak for himsell. He certainly had motives o' nae ordinar kind, now when I think on't." " Then, as an honest man, declare what these were." " There, sir, ye hae touched me i' the quick, for an honest man I will be. Why then, sir, an your father's ghost had come back frae the dead, an' tauld you in plain terms that they had burned your brother alive, what would you have done ?" " Misbelieved the ghost, certainly, and left the dead to their repose. Or if 1 had opened the tomb, I would have done it at noonday, before witnesses." " There you would have been right, sir. It's the very thing I advised." " But this is a most untangible inference of yours, Andrew; I have nothing from it. Do you pretend to say and affirm, that Mr. Sholto's father appeared to him, and told him that the baron was buried alive ?" " That he did ! An' tauld him nae mair than the truth either, whilk I fand to my experience." "Consider what you are saying, sir, and where you are saying it. You are raving, or beside your- self. You do not pretend to say, that you found the old gentleman alive below the earth till now ?" " That I do ! We fand him alive wi' a vengeance, an' as mad as a March hare at being disturbit." Here the court burst into a laughter, and the judge said, " I can make nothing of this fellow, who seems quite beside himself. What hold can be laid on such asseverations as these ? But as little can I divine for what purpose the tomb was vio- late ." " D'ye no believe what I say, sir," cried Andrew, fiercely ; " d'ye no believe that we fand the auld gentleman leevin' ? If ye dinna believe't I'll swear't. We fand him leevin' an' life-like; an' though he was aye cross an' ill-natured a' his life, I never saw him as mad as he was yestreen. O, a perfect dragon ! Rap, rap, on the inside o' the coffin lid ? 'Wha's there ? What d'ye want wi' me, d——d rascals ?' O, a perfect viper ! He was an angry man afore, but death has put him clean mad. When he heard that I was trying to make my escape, he dang the coffin lid a' in flinters, bang'd up, an' got haud o' my fit, an' back he gart me come like a clout into the howe o' the grave. Then on aboon me he gets, swearin' like a trooper, an' wi' a hand as cauld as death he grippit me by the thrapple, an' soon took the hale power out o' my body. Then he took me on his back ae while, an' draggit me by the neck anither, for a hunder miles, till he brought me here ; an, if ye dinna believe me, he is here some gate to answer for himsell." At the incoherence of this story all the people stared at one another, convinced that Andrew was raving ; till Lord Archibald requested the clerk to ask Andrew if he heard nothing anent a lost will, that was the cause of the grave having been opened. "A will !" said Andrew, like one awakened out of a sleep. "What's your will, sir ? What was I saying ? I rather doubt my wits are gane a gra- zing the night, an' I wish ye wadna speir ony mair at me, for I fear I be nae correct. The Judge acquiesced iu the reasonableness of the demand and dismissed him. He and Sholto were remanded to prison, and being confined toge- ther, they were miserable comforters to each other, Mr. Sholto was in utter despair at the loss of the will, when as he said, he was assured it was within his grasp ; and as the grave gate and iron-chest were all left wide open, and Lord Archibald mani- festly knowing the circumstances of the case, his chance was ever lost, and he was left a beggar for life. " O, dear Mr. Sholto, ye maunna lay it sae sair to heart," said Andrew. " It was may be a' delu- sion thegither. A ghaist's word's nae muckle to trust, for naebody kens whether he has hid the in- formation frae a good spirit or an evil ane, an' a' depends on that. Where was it you met the old gentlemen ?" " I thought it was on the green at St. Andrew's and his look was so fraught with" — " Ye thought it was on the green at St. Andrew's ? An' was it no there, then ?" " It was in the night vision that I saw and spoke with him, old fool." " A night vision ? Whew ! I wadna gie a doit for't, man. Od, if I had kend it had been naething but a dream, ye should hae cuttit out my twa lugs ere I had engaged in it. If I war to tell you sic dreams as I hae had ! A mere delusion and a whim of an eeritated mind. An' then, for aught I ken, we'll baith be hanged for it. " Hung for it! We have committed no delin- quency whatever, and they cannot touch a hair of our heads, or a penny of our purses. The whole is Lord Archibald's doing, watchers and all, which might well convince you of the truth of my infor- mation. " The hale of it is beyond my comprehension ; but, maist of a', how the auld rascal should still hae been leevin ! What think you o' that, Mr. Sholto ? He maun surely hae been a deevil, for nae earthly creature could hae subsistit five minutes in sic cir- cumstances." " I cannot yet fathom the noises from the grave, but am convinced they could have been nothing supernatural. I was seized by three strong men outside the iron gate." " Aye, but I was seized by the old baron himself. He split the coffin lid up through the middle, an' banged up in sic a rage, that I was nae mair in his hands than a rabbit atween the jaws of a fox." This being a new piece of intelligence to Sholto, he listened with admiration, but at the same time laughed till the tears ran over his cheeks at the ludicrous conviction and seriousness of Andrew ; so we shall leave them to reason out this important matter, and proceed to the other incidents of this eventful night. " Our Shepperd has often lee'd terribly to us, but nothing to this." It is, nevertheless," beloved reader, literally true, and happened on this wise. Lord Archibald knew that the late baron had made a will in favour of his sister's profligate son ; but he knew also that that will was not registered, and that there was nothing but the bare deed itself that stood between him and the whole of the ba- ron's disposable property. He had, therefore, studied every mean to get possession of that deed, and had brought things to a train by which he hoped to succeed, when all at once the baron was cut off suddenly by one of those paralytic shocks so common of late years, and died in the sixty- fourth year of his age. Lord Archibald had then no other resource than to send a female dependent of his, a Miss Aymers, on whose knavish acuteness he had full reliance — having experienced it to his cost – with a grand recommendation as a fit person for laying out and decorating the dead. Her services were readily accepted, and the baron having died in his elbow- chair, and Miss Aymers gotten her cue, she in- stantly got hold of the will, and concealed it in her bosom. But Mr. Sholto's mother arriving with an official person, they locked the door, put seals on the bureau and drawers, and read a warrant for searching every person present before one of them left the room. Thus circumstanced, Miss Aymers had no other shift than to slip the deed into the coffin among the wood shavings with which it was filled. She hardly hoped to succeed, but so quick was her motion, and so natural and simple her de- meanour, that no eye beheld. The old lady being particularly jealous of her, as suspecting whence she came, stripped her naked, and searched her with her own hands, but found nothing. Miss Aymers returned to her protector with the news of her success, but he lay on the bed of net- tles till the funeral was over ; and even then, though no will was found, and he full heir to all the heritable property, he felt ill at ease, and set a pri- vate watch over the burial-place night and day, on pretence of some fears that his old relative's body might be exhumed. A considerable time elapsed, and there having been no appearance of any person meddling with the tomb, Lord Archibald had given his watchers orders to discontinue their attendance on such a day ; but before that day came, he was astounded at hearing that Sholton had been seen prying narrowly about the tomb, opening the iron door, surveying the grave, and then looking all about as if to dis- cover some place of concealment ; and finally, that he had conveyed mattocks by night, and concealed them artfully within the iron railing. Lord Archibald was then sure that all was not as it should be, and took his mistress severely to task for betraying his secret. She denied it, first with tears, and afterwards with rage, and they parted in the worst of terms ; for he naturally supposed that no other could have divulged the secret but herself, and her infidelity cut him to the heart, and in par- ticular her having betrayed his guilt to such a low blackguard as he accounted his cousin Sholto to be. The night following the discovory of the mat- tocks, Lord Archibald placed a watch of four men, all at equal distances around the tomb, with long speaking trumpets, with which they could whisper to one another ; and the men had orders, if any attempt was made to exhume the body, that they were to suffer them to proceed until they came to the inner bier, or wooden coffin, but by no means to suffer the aggressors to open that, but to seize them and convey thom to prison. The men executed their orders to a tittle ; but not being able to see from behind the railing, the precise moment that they come to the inner coffin, one of them crept in at the door, and round behind the heap of mould, where, sitting by his head, quite unperceived, he watched nil their motions, and heard every word that passed. Then when they began to unscrew the coffin lid, from some waggish impulse he gave a sharp rap with his trumpet on the coffin ; and after- wards as they were again beginning to proceed, he thrust the mouth of his trumpet as deep down into the gravw at the head of thw coffin as he could, and speaking from amongst the mould, he demanded, "Who's there ? What do you want ?" This was too much even for the bold and deter- mined heart of Sholto to stand ; he sprang from the grave, and was instantly seized by three strong men, pinioned and conveyed to prison. Honest Andrew was seized lying in the depths of the grave as des- cribed, and knew nothing about Mr. Sholto's seizure, nor indeed about any thing save that he had been seized by the dead man, his old master, who had with a supernatural strength dragged him away to prison. No sooner were the aggressors fairly lodged in the jail, than Lord Archibald despatched two watchers to keep nigh to the open grave till day, but neither to touch aught themselves, or suffer the least intru- sion. The men went well armed ; but strange to say, at their very first entrance within the church- yard, they perceived something approaching them. The morning was excessively dark, but straight from the open grave there ascended a tall, pale, ghost-like figure, covered with pale light, and from which issued a smell of brimstone perfectly suffo- cating. The men's senses were totally benumbed. In language quite inarticulate, they challenged it, charging it to stop and speak, but it came gliding on towards them. They fired a pistol at it, but it came gliding on. They could stand it no longer, but turning, they fled with precipitation — the ghost pursuing them till they took refuge in a tavern. After fortifying their hearts well with spirits, and loading their pistols anew, they sallied forth once more before the break of day, but saw nothing ; and before the sun- rising, great numbers of the citizens had arrivod, the word having spread overnight from the council chamber, or rather the watch-house. But the two guards suffered no person to come within the iron railing, until the arrival of Lord Archibald, with the church officers, and other offi- cial people ; when, to the utter consternation of all who had heard Andrew's extraordinary narrative be- fore the judge of the night, it was found that the lid of the coffin was splintered in two, lying loose above, and the corpse up and away, grave-clothes and altogether. There was nothing left but the wood shavings, and a part of them were lying in the line from the grave to the gate, which the dead man had shaken from him in his struggle with Andrew. So the multitude said, and so they thought, for what else could they think, as the watchman who deceived Andrew, and seized him in the grave, thought proper to keep his experiment a secret, in order to frighten and astonish the people the more. Indeed, there was none that made a greater stir about it than himself. In consequence of all this, the bruit got abroad that Mr. Sholto Douglas and his humble friend, Andrew Cranston, had gone forth by night to take the body of the late baron from the tomb, in order to ask him some questions about a will, they having had intimation that he was bu- ried alive ; but that, on their opening up his snug iron chest, he got into such a rage that he cursed and swore at them ; and when they could not desist, he split the coffin with his fist, sprung out and seized Andrew by the throat, grooffling him in the grave. That he then took him away, and pushed him into the watch-house, where he left bhm to jus- tice, and ran off and hid himself, for fear that they might bury him alive again. Andrew made oath to the truth of this, so it could not be contradicted. Philosophers winked and shook the head ; tradesmen, at first hearing it, scratched their elbows, hotched and laughed ; but, by degrees, as the facts came out, one by one, the pupils of their eyes were enlarged, and they gene- rally exclaimed that the like of it never was heard of in any land. Such was the story that got abroad, and has continued as a traditionary story to this day ; and it is so good a story, and so perfectly ridicu- lous, that it is a pity either to add or diminish it. But we story-tellers, in our eagerness to trace the real course of natural events, often spoil the story, both to ourselves and others. And as I know more about it, I am obliged to tell the truth. In the meantime, Lord Archibald was chagrined, beyond measure, at the loss of the will, not doubt- ing that it was fallen into the hands of his oppo- nent; for though it was manifest that he and An- drew had not got it, yet who else could have re- moved it, as well as the body, save some one in his interest ? He soon began to suspect Miss Aymers, the only person alive possessed of the secret ; and grievously did he repent his accusation of her, and the parting with her on such bad terms, knowing that the revenge of an insulted mistress was beyond calculation. The first thing, therefore, that he did, was to go and implore her forgiveness, and a renewal of their former confidence ; but she spurned him from her in the highest disdain, refusing all intercourse with him for ever. This being the last blow to Lord Archibald's hopes of retaining either the estate or his reputa- tion, he waited on Sholto, and astonished him by a proposal to half his uncle's estate with him, stating, that his conscience had checked him for keeping possession of the whole, being convinced that his late uncle had intended leaving him a part. Sholto expressed the utmost gratitude for his relation's ge- nerous resolve, saying he never thought to be so much beholden to man. But Sholto was still more astonished when he insisted on the transfer being made immediately, and the residue being secured to himself, by the signature of Sholto, the nearest blood relation of the deceased. Shoito could not understand this, but made no objections to the arrangement. However, men of business could not be had on the instant, and the transaction was postponed to a future day. The es- tate was parted by arbiters, and every thing was arranged for the final transaction to the satisfaction of all parties; when one morning, just as Sholto was setting out for the ratification of the treaty, a modest sly-looking young man called, and requested to speak with Mr. Sholto before he went away. " Well, what is it, sir? A message from Mr. Mar- giner I suppose ?" " No. sir, it is a message from a very different personage. Pray, do you know what has become of your uncle the baron ?" " What do you mean by such a question ? Why, I know that he died and was buried, and that his body was nefariously and most unaccountably taken from the tomb." " Are you sure of that, sir? " As sure as ocular demonstration and reason can make me." " Well, sir, I have only to tell you, that you are mistaken. Is it not possible, think you, that the dead can live again ?" " Yes, at the Resurrection, but not till then. I know that the souls of the dead live in unknown and unexplored regions, but the body of my uncle saw corruption, and cannot live again till the last day." " Well, sir, I understand there is something that you should have had of him, and of which you have been deprived, not through any intention of his. What will you give me, nnd I will instantly bring you to the speech of him ? " Stranger, you are either mocking me, or you are mad. I would not go to the speech of him to be king of the realm. Would you make another Saul of me, and take me to speak to demons in human shape ?" " I am quite serious, Mr. Sholto ; for a proper remuneration I will take you to the speech of him ; and, moreover, I will ensure to you the document from his own hand, that will ensure your right and title to the whole of his estate, hereditary and per- sonal." " No, no, I will have nothing to do with either you or him; I will venture upon no experiment so revolting. Bring me the document yourself, and your reward shall be liberal. Then I shall believe you, but at present your proposal to me is incom- prehensible. " I again assure you, that I am perfectly serious. And as no man alive on earth can procure you that document save myself, give a bond on his estate for five thousand pounds, and the will shall be yours. Only you are to come or send, and receive it from his own hand, and see him once more face to face. Some word may accompany it, which is unmeet for me to hear. I pray you go. It is requisite you should. Only I must first have a bond of you for five thousand pounds, and the property is yours." " Why that I would not grudge, for I have this day to sign away five times that sum to secure the the rest. Take my man with you. Bring me the will, and your request shall be granted." He rung the bell, and Andrew entered. " Andrew, this gentleman knows, it appears, where my dead uncle is lying concealed. He wants to send the will, and some particular word to me. Will you be so good as to gowith the man and fetch both?" "Gang yoursell, Mr. Sholto ; for me, I wadna gang for the hale warld. The moment that he clap- pit his een on me, he wad flee at my thrapple, an' doun wi' me, an' than take me by the neck ower his souther, an' aff to the watch- house prison wi' me ; I kend aye he was up an' leevin, But this maun surely be an unearthly unnatural kind of life. Where is the auld villain ?" " Where God will. Go with me, and you shall see him, and receive the deed signed and sealed from his own hand. Its a pity to throw away such a fine fortune through mere cowardice." " It is that. Shall I meet him in fair daylight, and in company ?" " I shall go with you, if you desire it ; no other may." "Aye, we maun hae another one, for he has mair nor the strength o' twa man sin' he dee'd. Let me hae twa stout fallows wi' me, an' I'll venture, for my master's sake an' for my ain. I never was frightit in open daylight yet." Away went Andrew on his perilous expedition, while Sholto kept out of the way, and did not go to ratify the grievous bagain with Lord Archibald, until he saw what would be the issue of this mad adventure. One messenger arrived after another for him, but he was nowhere to be found. And al- though he suspected the stranger's message to be all a trick, in order to play off some foolery upon him, for which reason he kept aloof, yet at times there was a seriousness in the young man's manner, that left an impression of his sincerity. In the course of two hours Andrew returned, so changed in every feature, that no person could have known him. His eyes were open, and would not wink, and his mouth wide open, while the power to shut it remained not with him. But he held the will firmly grasped in his hand, signed and sealed, and all correct. He was supported by the stranger, and also appeared greatly agitated. Sholto signed the bond cheerfully, which was in due time ho- noured – took possession of the baron's whole pro- perty without opposition, and Lord Archibald re- tired to Switzerland. But now for the unparalleled recovery of this famous document ; and though there never was a more lying-like story than the one told by Andrew Cranston, he yet brought substantial proofs with him of its correctness. And it is believed, that, barring a little exaggeration of his own prowess, it is mostly conformable to truth. We must have the relation in Andrew's own words. " We had nae sooner left our house, than the chap turn'd thoughtfu' an' gae ower speaking, an' I jealoused he was turnin' frightit, an' that some awfu' an' tremendous encounter lay afore us. Still it was daylight, an' I thought it couldna be waur that time than it had been afore in the gravel ; sae on I ventured. We ca'd at a dootor o' physic's shop for an assistant. The lad was sweer sweer to gang, an' made many objections that I couldna hear; but I thought I heard them speak about ' blinding his een,' sae I laid my lugs i' my neck, an' said naething. Weel, on, on, on we gangs, till we came fornent the head o' the Kirk Wynd, when the chap turns to me wi' a pale face an' a quivering lip, an' he says to me, ' Andrew Cranston,' says he, ' ye maun allow us to tie up your een' here (eyes I believe he ca'd them, but that's a ane). 'What for that, an' it be your will, sir,' says I. 'Why, the poor old baron has got such a fright at being buried alive,' said he, ' that no other impression haunts his spirit but that of being buried alive again. And if you were to find out the place of his concealment, it would put him so mad, that all attempts to recover the will would prove ineffectual.' " ' He's a queer chap,' said I, ' for a madder man I never saw when awakened out o' the grave ; an' wha wad think he wad be sae terrified to gang into it again ? Gudeness guide us, is he just like other leevin' mortal men, after lying sae lang i' the grave ?' " ' Why, he is both a living man and a dead man, Andrew ; or rather, he is neither a living man nor a dead one, but something between them. You have a strange sight to see – a dead body inhabited by a living spirit.' " ' I dinna care suppose you do tie up my een,' says I, ' an' be sure ye dinna tak the bandage off again till we come back to this bit, or else I will not find out the place where he is.' Accordingly they tied up my een that I coudna see a stime, an' we turns hereaway and thereaway, I kendna where, till at length ae lock gangs wi' a great jangle, an' then I began to find a damp dead smell, waur than a grave. Mercy on us ! where are we gaun now, thinks I to mysell, and began rather to draw back. ' I'll not gang ane other step,' says I, ' till I see where I am.' " It was an unluckly saying, for that moment the rascal slipped the bandage off my een, an' where I was I never ken to this day, an' never will ken till the day of judgment. There were dead skeletons standing a' round me, wi' no ae pickin' o' flesh on their banes. Their een were a' out, an' naething but holes where their noses an' mouths should hae been. My flesh turned cauld, and my blood fruze in my heart, an' I hadna power to advance a step. ' Come on, come on, Andrew,' says the chap, for there was nane but ane wi' me then. ' Come on. See, he's up there.' " I lookit as weel as I was able, an' there in truth I saw the Baron at the upper end of that frightsome place, standing a fearsome sight indeed. He had a white winding-sheet about him, and his face was as white as the sheet. Een, lips, an' cheeks, were a' o' the same dead wan colour. He was still nothing but a corpse – a cauld, lifeless corpse – but yet he held up the will in his right, and began a speaking to me in a dead man's voice. My heart could stand nae mair. The chap pushed me forret – and I shot backward – till seeing that I was coming in contac wi' this miraculous leevin' corpse – I faintit – faintit clean away ; but I heard aye his awsome voice soundin' i' the lugs o' my soul, though my body was nae better nor that of a dead man. " Weel I can tell you nae mair ; for when I came to mysell, I was lying in another house, an' some doctors standin' round me wi' their lances and knives in their hands, glowrin' like chaps catched in an ill turn ; an' I'm aye convinced to this day, that they were either gaun to mak' a skeleton o' me, or a leevin' corpse. However, I brought hame the will safe in my neive, that has made my master a man. I bought it dear first an' last, but hae nae reason to rue what I did." Now this story is true, but again needs explana- tion. But is it not a pity to explaiu away so good and so ridiculous a story, which was most solemnly believed by the principal actors ? All that I choose to tell yon is this :– The young man who received the £5000 was a surgeon and apothecary ; the be- trothed sweetheart, and shortly afterwards the hus- band, of Miss Sally Aymers, who, it will be re- membered, was an offended girl of great shrewdness and activity. This is the main cue to the story ; and after this, if any gentleman in Britain or her colonies (I except Ireland) will explain to me per- fectly, how every circumstance was effected, I shall be in his debt for the best bowl of whisky-toddy ever was drunk. And if any lady do it, I shall be in hers for a song. 