TRADE AND SHIPPING. Arrived this morning the bark John Craig, 374 tons, Capt. Lawson, from London 18th July, having touched at the Cape of Good Hope, with goods and passengers. Arrived on Tuesday the 27th inst. the schooner Griffin, 43 tons, Capt. M »Farlane, - from Sydney 18th Nov. Arrived on Wednesday the cutter Char-, lotte, Capt. Jackson, from Flinder's Island, with Mr. Darling the Commandant, and ten of the Aborigines. There is no variation in the price of colonial produce since our last. The 2000 bushels of wheat brought from Launceston by the Prince Regent were sold at as. 3d. per bushel. Hay is down to L4 a ton, and the harrest . this season is most abundant. Potatoes Id. a ' pound, mutton Cd. per do. We remind the intending purchasers of land, that the sale of the 14 lots, as announced by His Excellency's proclamation of the 3rd Sep- tember last, takes place in the Court of Re- - quests' room on Tuesday next, the 4th of De- cember. The article of poultry and eggs is general- ly looked down upjm as too insignificant to occupy the attention of most of our farmers. They will not perhaps think so when we tell them that during the three months ending 30th June last, the duty paid on eggs imported from France at Ramsgate alone, at the rate of a penny a dozen was 2000/., being no less in number than 5 millions, and 80 thousand eggs I The King of (he French had made very con- siderable investments in the American fund« subsequent to the insurrection. We wish we had a proper responsible body or company in Hobart town, in which capitalists in England, as well as other parts of 'Europe, could invest with full confidence and safety. The govern- ment ought to take up the subject, which the more it is looked into becomes the more im- portant. What does Mr. Barnaid, the osten- sible colonial agent do ? The capabilities of a new country like this would enable capitalists to derive a far greater return for their money than in any other part of the world, and as we hinted in our Icadiug article a fortnight ago, the annual payments might be made at such a rate as to include in a certain number of years the repayment of principal as well as interest. We observe that the Survey department at Sydney are advertising, among other things, for tenders for 100 head of woiking bullocks for the road branch. How is this matter ma- naged with us ? We may nhorlly look for ths arrival fror;a England of the steam-vessel destined to trade between this Colony and Van Dicmcn's land. She is to be brought out, we understand, by Captain Sleight, late commander of the Aus- tralia.-Sydney Gazette. The Church Missionaries, appointed to labour among the aborigines at Wellington Valley, after a very toilsome journey, in very rainy and snowy weather, have reached the scene of their labours.-Ibid. As soou as ever Mr. Cooper brinyshis cloth into the market, we think that every sheep holder ought to rig himself out. We are'glad to hear that an abundant har- vest may be anticipated. In all paits of the interior, we arc informed, the crops present the most promising appearance.-Ibid. It has been recently held by the Judges of the Supreme Court, that where a riot or breach of the peace is committed in view of ii constable, he may apprehend the party or parties conrerncd in it, without a warr.itit, though not if the disturbance has subsided. Ibid. A very ingenious instrument has been in- vented by Dr. Bland, to be used in the remo- val of tumors, with which the nerves, veins, &c;, are to be removed on one side during the operation, instead of using the fingers, which is the generally prevailing practice.-Sydney Herald. Several of the more respectable females that arrived at the Derwent by the Princess Royal, have come up to Sydney, not much admiring the frigid reception of the Vandemonians. Ibid. (This is news to us, we did not miss them.). They say Miss Kemble is going to marry a son of Keppel Craven's, Lord Cravens' un- cle. They met first, I believe at the acting of Lord Levcson Gower's play of Hcrmani, at Bridgewater house,-Metropolitan Maga- zine. I once knew a man who had only one story, and that was about a gun. His difficulty was to ^introduce his story, and he at last suc- ceeded by the use of his foot. When sitting under the table, he would stamp under the table and create a hollow sound. Then bless me! what's that? a gun? By the by, talking about guns -- and then came the story.-Ibid. When does an alderman look like a ghost ?' answer when he is a gobbling. 