*Prdisain#hSlt. of vgastrqlipa by R( oT -M.rAsp.:IEsq, late C;hief;Agg of; " Australian Agricultural Company, 1830." EZXTITAC P1RO1M CIJAPTIn X. JtheIUj1mi d froni Sdney' Aonjior-orf 25th Ut.) The climate and open forests of New .-South Wales are%-every wihere, as I hWve -before stated, admirably adapted for the : jiTtidcttion -and rearing of cattle. The " =most common diseases to which they are -,suMjet -ft home,- are not' known in the -colony. I never saw or heard of the two -ghost "destructive ones, the hbose aiid siditter-evil, which cause the death- of so .imtnru of the weaned calves in Great Bri 'tain so that the influences to Which sheep are subject in Australia do not ex tertd 4ocittler'-which may be reared on the tops of the highest mountains, • or on -the -lowest and poorest pastures where water •can be obtained. TWith:reference to the adaptation of some "ofithie unfed native .pastures, and those -which are not heavily stocked, in some p-atit of New South WVales, to the feeding -as ? tlas to; the breeding of cattle, "I will -just ?thte, that on my first arrivailat Port ,itephens, we found: in the forest very ~niear'to the harbour, where they hid con iltdfitly-grazed, three working oxeii, whiclh li id been left there about eighteen months 'irev ously by a party of timber cutters. T'Jhey were then mudh fatter than any cat . e.. tle`I-. had ever' seen' grazed in England, \- :'ithbout corn or oil cake. • -ie heaviest, which was by no means .t large-sizedt ox, weighed, when killed at fort -Stephens, nearly twelve hundred pounds, or sixty score, ,tdd was so fat as to be complained of by the people to whom .it ,ias served out on the establishment. f e. esiame pastures continued after wards '-to suply'several hundreds of people daily ,'with beef, which would not have disgraced 'any gentlemai's-table in London, itiTRACT PRnor cHraPT'n xIItI. =I4he1dea of removing poor half-starved aril mrwggcdspnupers, uwith their families, to' new and distatit countriess with the view -rinii.?iig.therl m cultiato'rs of their own sj?' o, nt, itielr own account, has always appeared.to me to"be -the height of absur -dity. And to those who reall, know any Sthling'of.themannner in which emigrants "are oblig?d lb proceed in the colhnies, and ithemepis,which. they are required to pos ess.. :before .:they " can . scarcely establish ". .IhbYr elvesiit must be-fully apparent; that SifEidingdff the surplus population. ofEing -land to the colonies as.master:fariers, will not".agqswer..; No country perlhaps in the -wotrictchii lbe more unfavourable for such S schepies, toan- that of New SouthV Wales, .w?lere th~e general poverty of the soil, the ~v .4t of.navigable rivers, and the extreme .;ncertainty, as 13 have already shown, of 4 .ft har-vests,-are sufficient, I-should think, to pr6vent ;iny -attempts of the kind in 'thlatquarterof theglobe. "-Mr..T. V. Mac .iqueigo however, late1 .:P, for Bedforshire, -in-a paitphlet which he has hitely publish. ; -the subject of ,tlye.distresses of, the hntry ahitl on enigriition, has hinted at the :popriety of such ali attempt, at which .,:confess J.1 feel no' little- degree Hof sur '.;ii~lýaf?ir tlie -epertence which he has had .~of thei" Yepeateil failures in the harvests, -upottithe Jaud;which he possesses in'that -colo?y, from causes which neither he nor d3?i' ot~id else can justly attribute to nmy •,hi?g but. the unfavourable nature of the :climater to-?;tie:,produetiop of 'grain. If ".l.rMncqueen had given to;the public his :lye :ears' labours and expences in New South' Wales,' under far better mantige menthflan obtiainn. _there "in 'general, or "(than cstld bp:expected, from the poor and :uptoirtunatebeings ie: would ,send thither, -.i*-it would have gone veryfalr towards set thling the qttstion upotn thatp pint,4n the -. minds of hitr'eaderas; althoui .it do?s not .appear to have deterred him from the ex S'.pr~Tesion of his .wislts. 