Original Poetry. STANZAS TO ------ "But wilt thou accept not / The worship the heart lifts above / And the Heavens reject not? / The desire of the moth for the star, / Of the Night for the Morrow, / The devotion to something afar From the sphere of thy sorrow?" P. B. SHELLEY. YEARS have past by--and as a dream, The visions of those years come back; And here, in this strange land, I seem To travel o'er the self same track-- To stand upon the same bleak shore-- To gaze upon the same dark sea, With one, whose simplest word was more Than aught in life or death to me. That early love! how soon it fades-- How soon its first fond dreams are dead! Its light is lost 'mid worldly shades, Its hopes, like autumn leaves, are shed. And then the cold and callous world Flings fetters o'er the restless mind, And that lost love is all up-furled, O'er which the heart so long had pined. But when the still and shadowy eve Comes cloud-clad from her eastern cave, I sit amid my thoughts, and weave Wild fancies where the dark woods wave. And she--the loved of old--comes back In dream-like beauty o'er my brain, Then, like a meteor 'mid the rack Of rushing clouds--is lost again! Thus have I sate in some dark bower, When vapours veiled the muffled moon, And musing many a lonely hour, Sung snatches of some old home-tune: And dim the visions rose and fast Of that long love of other years,-- While mem'ry mourning o'er the past, Call'd forth the heart's most bitter tears. And where is she--that gentlest girl Whose presence calmed youth's troubled brow? Alas! the waves of oceans curl Their crested heads between us now! And where are they, that then were mine-- Bright thoughts that peopled heart and brain-- The glory--and the dream divine-- The passion--and the pleasant pain? Gone! vanish'd--like the lights that glance Along a low bank's swampy stream, And all that's left of that long trance, Is but the wreck--the ghost--the dream: And yet e'en still, the heart will wreathe Some thoughts the cold world cannot mar, As thus--to one loved friend--I breathe This aspiration from afar! G. J. M. 