professor of siqffs . KiMo James VI-, on removing to London, was waited upon by the Spanish ambassador, a man of erudition, but who had a crotchet in his head, that every country should have a professor of signs, to teach him and the like of him, to understandone another. The ambassador was lamenting one aav, before the king, this great desideratum throughout all Europe, when the king, who was a queer ish sort of man, says to him— "Why, I have a pro fessor of signs in the northernmost college in my dominions, viz., at Aberdeen ; but it is a great way off, perhaps 600 miles." — " Were it 10,000 leagues off 1 shall see him," says the ambassador, ' and am determined to set out in two or three days. ' The king saw he had committed himself, and writes, or causes to be written, to the University of Aberdeen, stating the case, and desiring Hie pro fessor to put him off some way, or make the best of him. The ambassador arrives, is received with great solemnity ; but soon began to inquire which of them had the honour to be professor of signs ? and being told that the professor was absent in the Highlands, and would return nobody could say when; says the ambassador, " I will wait his return, though it were twelve months." Seeing that (his would n<>t do, aud that they had to en tertain liim at a great expense all the while, they contrived a stratagem. — There was one Geordy, a butcher, blind of an eye, a droll'fellow, wiih much wit and roguery about him.— He is got — told the story, and instructed to be a professor of signs ; but not to speak on pain of death. — Geordy un dertakes it. I ke ambassador is now told that the professor of signs would be at home the next clay, at which he rejoiced greatly. Geordy is gowned, wigged, and placed in a chair of state in a room ol the college, all the professors and the ambassador being in an adjoining room. The ambassador is now shown into Geordy's room, and left to eon- verse with him as well as be could, the whole pro fessors wailing the issue with fear and trembling. The ambassador holds up one of his fingers 10 Geordy; Geordy holds up two of his. The am bassador holds rp three; Geordy clinches his fist and looks stern. The ambassador then takes an orange from his poeket, anil holds it up; Geordy takes a piece of barley cake from his pocket, and holds that up. After which, the ambassador hows to him, and retires to the other professors. " He is a perfect miracle ," says the ambassador, "I would not give him for the wealth of the Indies" — " Weil," say the professors "to descend to particulars."— " Why," said the ambassador, " 1 first held up one finger, denoting that there is one God ; he held up two, signifying that these are the Father and the Son ; I held up three, meaning the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; he clinched his fist, to say that these three are one. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives his creatures not only the necessaries, but the luxuries of life ; upon which the wonderful man presented a piece of bread, showing thai it was the staff of life, and preferable to every luxury." The professors were glad that matters had turned out so well; so having got quit of the ambassador, they next got Geordy, to hear his version of the signs. " Well, Geordy, how have you come on, and what do you think of you man ?" "The rascal," says Geordy, "what did he do first, think ye ? He held up one finger, as much as to say, you have only one eye! Then I held up two, meaning that my one eye was per haps as good as both his. Then the fellow held up three of his fingers, to say that there were but three eyes between us; and then 1 was so mad at the scoundrel, that I sleeked my nieve, and was to come a whack 011 the side of his head, and would ha' done it too, but for your sakes. Then the rascal did na stop with his provocation here; but forsooth takes out an orange, as much as to say, your poor beggarly cold country cannot pro duce that ! I showed him a whang of a bear bannock, meaning that I didna" care a farthing for him nor his trash neither, as lang's I ha' this ! But by a' that's guid," concluded Geordy, " I'm angry yet that I didna ihrash thehideo the scoundrel!" — So much for signs, or two ways of telling a story. A Project for the Extirpation of Bats. — Introduce them at table as a delicacy. They would probably be savoury food; and, if nature hath not made them so, the cook may. Rat pie would he as good as rook pye; and four tails intertwisted like, the serpents of the delphic tiipod, and rising into a spiral obelisk, would crest the crust more fantastically than pigeons' feet. After a while, they might be declared gamehy the legis lature, which would materially expedite their extirpation. Make use of their fur. Rat-skin robes for the lad les would be beautiful, warm, costly, and new. Fashion requires only the two last qualities; it is hoped the two former would not be objectionable. The importance of such a fashion to our farmers might have its weight. When our nobles and gentlemen feed their own pigs, perform for a Spanish tup the office of Pandurus of Troy, and provide heifers of great elegance for bells of acknowledged merit; our ladies may perhaps be induced to receive an addition to their wardrobe from the bands of the rat-catcher, for the purpose of less equivocal utility. Inoculate some subjects with the small- pox, or any other infectious disease, and turn them loose. Experiments should first be made, lest the disease should assume in them so new a form as to be capable of being returned to us with interest. If it succeeded, man has means in his hand which would thin the hyenas, wolves, jackals, and ail gregarious beasts of prey. If any of our patriotic societies should think proper to award a gold medal, silver cup, or other remuneration to either of these methods, the pro jector has left bis address with the publisher. The Smugglers Hoax on Lord Bolle.— A few days since, notices were sent to Lord Rolle, that Mr. Swing wa3 in his neighbourhood; that on a given night there would lie farm-houses pulled down, ricks of corn burnt, and thrashing machines destroyed ; that the labourers would assemble in organized masses; in fact, that the neighbourhood of Bicton would be subject to Swing law. Lord Rolle very wisely received this ad viee with proper caution. All the Preventive Service men from Saiterton and Exmouth, and all the crew of the Cutter in the harbour were summoned to Bicton, where a large quantity of beef and good cheer was provided. The Preventive men ate the Ba ron's heef, and all seemed to enjoy the good cheer of the evening, which was kept up with great hilarity. On that very night a large quantity of brandy was landed on the coast. It is suspecled that one or two of the smugglers got themselves sworn in as speiial-constables, and enjoyed the baronial munificence at Bicton as spies, for the purpose of keeping the Preventive men quiet at | the baron ofbeef, at the expence of the Baron of Bicton, white their comrades were running undis turbed their cargo on the beach. — Western Times . On Friday a wild bullock, of the Scottish breed, broke -loose from a pound by the Cherry Tree, Bowling green-lane, Clerkenwell, and into the workhouse, knocked down the west gate, and tossed Mrs. Robiani, a matronly Italian lady, but happily wtihout doing her any injury. A female pauper was so alarmed at witnessing it, that she has been deranged ever since, and is now confined in a strait waistcoat. He then passed through the passage into the yard, were lie vented his rage by overturning everything that came in his way, and actually tore up as much pavement as will cost 10Z. to replace. During his career an ideot boy, namedValentine, crossed the yard from the kitchen, at whom the vicious animal ran wiih the most furious impetuosity. The boy defended himself for a long time with a toasting fork, which lie plunged in one of the animal's eyes, and, by the assistance of Mr. Dossy, a butcher, was providen tially saved. The screams, of the inmates were dreadful. Mr. D received an injury in the mouth, and has lost his front teeth. The enraged animal was prevented doing further mischief by the yard gate being thrown open. At the corner of Bath square he upset a donuey in a baker's cart, ran up Exmouth street andAmwell street, tossed several children belonging to the school, dreadfully gored a cripple against the pump, ?.ud would have killed him on the spot but for a dog belonging lo the New River Company. After doing- considerableda- mage iu this neighbourhood, he ran into the skittle ground of the Union, where lie amused himself with the pins, to the great am-oyauce of those who had been playing, and who scampered off in all dir ections, without wailing to finish their game, on the appearance of this strange visitor. He then made his way for Penlonville, and was finally se cured by Ills falling into a large hole which bad been dug for a well, at the bottom of Collier- street The damage, confusion, and dismay which have been caused by the mischievous animal will be long remembered. It is said that on the last market-day Ihe beast had been over-driven and worried by some fellows who meet at a public house on Clark. enwell-green, and who salty forth every now and then for such purposes, if so, a stop ought to be put to such a practice. Prodigious \ — There is said to be, at this time, one individual at Manchester, who, by means of a peculiar process, connected with the Manufactories of that place, is clearing a weekly profit of 10,OOOZ He intends to appropriate his savings to the pay ment of die nationol debt. The Smasher Floored. — A sawyer, of Stourbridge, went last Monday to Kidderminster fair, and was applied to. as a supposed dealer in. bad coin, to sell a knacker of Bridgnorth some bad shillings. The sawyer agreed to supply him with thirty bad shil lings for five good, and went away under pre tence o( fetching them. He short y after brought a roll, sealed at both ends, which he delivered to the knacker, aud received his five shillings. On opening the roll, however, the knacker found he had only got a stick of stone brimstone, which the sawyer had purchased at a druggist's in the town, an<( which will probably oper.ifi as a cure for his itching propensity to oe a rogue. Court Pickings in Russia.—!, is not the fact (hat peculation amongst conrlie.s is only to be founn in what is called a refined state of society. It is known to the accurate observer lo be a plant indigenous in Courts. Catherine of Russia had forbidden the use of candles in any of her palaces. She observed in hei Cluimberlain'saccount, a charge of 2S,OI)0 roubles for the purchase of candles. On inquiring inlo its merits, she ilisrovered that a single candle had bren purchased by command of the Archduke, who had been advised to rub his lips with tallow when ihev were frost bitten. The officer by whom the purchase was made, charged for the candle eight- and twenty roubles-, the .Comp troller made the charge iwo hundred ; the Deputy Chamberlain, being of much higher dignity, raised ittoa thousand ; and the Chamberlain, being the highest officer of the Court, with a becoming res pect for his office, made it twenty-eight thousand Catherine on asceriaing the fact, observed, that het roubles were melting faster than any candles in the empire. Ingots of Silver.— A. young man, named Wil. son, was charged at Hatton-garden, on Monday( with having adulterated ingots of silver, and frau. dulently cheated several silversmiths and re finers, The offire was crowded with those trades men who liad been duped by the prisoner's prac tices, and who produced the ingots, which, when sawed across, 1 lie centre was found to be copper, and for nearly half an inch in depth. All the sides were surrounded with silver, so that, let the tradesman take the assay from what side or corner he would, he could meet with nothing but silver. The fraud is accounted for in this way ; the copper is suspeuded froma silver wire in the centre of the crucible ; and when the silver, in a liquid state, fills all around the copper to the top of the crucible, the silver wire is then cut off. To detect the fraud, the ingots must be sawed. — He was held to bail. Death of Jack Mztford. — Last week, in St. Giles's workhouse, expired, the well-known Jack Mitford, perhaps the most eccentric character of his day. He was originally in the navy, and fought under Hood and Nelson ; he was born at Mitford Castle, Northumberland ; the authoress of " Rienzie," and the author of " The History of Greece," were his cousins ; he was also related to Lord Redesdale. His name will long be remem bered in connection with Lady Percival, in the Black heath affair, for his share in which he was tried, but acquitted. For many years Mitford has lived by chance, and slept three nights iu the week in the open air, when his finances did not admit of his paying 3d for a den in St. Giles's. Though formerly a nautical fop, for the last fourteen years he was ragged and loathsome ; he never thought but of the necessities of the moment. Having had a handsome pair of Wellington boots presented to him, he sold them for one shilling. The fellow who bought them, went and put them in pawn for 15s and came back in triumph with the money. " Ah!" said Jack, " but you went in the cold for if." He was the author of " Jonny Newcombe in the Navy," the publisher of which gave him a shilling a day until he finished it. Incredible as it may appear, he lived the whole of this time in Bayswater -fields, making a bed at night of grass and nettles; two penny worth of bread and cheese and an onion were his daily food ; the rest of the shilling lie expended in gin. He thus past 48 days washing his shirt and stockings himself in a pond, when he required clean linen. A hundred efforts were made to reclaim him, but without avail. At the time of his death he .was editing a penny production. He wrote the popular modern song " the King is a true British sailor," and sold it to seven different publishers. Notwithstanding his habits, he was employed by soiue religious pub- lishers. This miserable man was buried by Mr- Green, of Will's coffeehouse, Lincoln's Inn-fields, who had formerly be-n his shipmate. He has left a wife and family, but 1'iay were provided for by Lord R — — , Ja k M i'o d was a respectable classic, and a men of varied attainments; yet for fourteen years « lie bad not where to lay his head;" and he has been heard to say, " if his soul were placed on one table, and a bottle of gin on another, he would sell the former to taste the lat ter" — Morning Herald. The effects of Whiskey. — Ahold woman was lately brought before the Police Court Edinburgh, charg ed with stabbing a young boy in the neck with a fork. On being asked if she was guilty ? she re plied— 44 Na na, my Lord, it wasna me, indeed ; it was just twa glasses of whiskey that did the deed. I'm sair vex'd aboot it. Guide forgie the whiskey ; If it had only been guid, it wadna hue happened; but what could I expect frae twopence the gill?" The eleven . thousand Virgins When Conan , with 11,000 Britisli warriors, founded the kingdom of Armorira or Brittany, in the fourth century, Dionotus, King of Cornwall, despatched bis daugh. ter Ursula with 11,000 of the elite of British vir ginity to be their wives. The fair adventurers being cast ashore by a tempest among the Ficts, and declining their addresses, were mercilessly sent to Heaven by the ruffians with the double crown of virginity and martyrdom. We do not mean to dispute the truth of the legend ; but Cornwall is, no doubt, better people now than it was then, and if it possesses at this time 11, COO liadsome marri ageable virgins, why — it is a great, shame S One Sense!!?— Our philosophical readers, who have hiiherio valued themselves on the possession of five senses, aud our less instructed friends who have talked iu common parlance of being frightened out of their seven tenser, will, to use the phraseology of parliamentary petitioning, be filled with con sternation and dismay at learning, that it has jnst been settled — there is but ome sense Mac, the head of created beings, enjoys only one sense, aud that sench is touch. His eye touches spectral objects, his ear touches sounds, his nose touches smells, his palate touches flavours — in short, his whole life is but 44 Touch and Go!" 