ORIGINAL POETRY. THE SPRITE OF THE CREEK! AN AUSTRALIAN TALE, founded on the Mur- der at Campbell Town, of a Sheriff's Bailiff, named F*****. "------- Blood will have blood: Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak; .Augurs, and understood relations, have By maggot-pies, and choughs, and rooks, brought forth The secret'st man of blood."--SHAKESPEARE. Drain'd flaggons proclaim that 'tis time to give o'er; The hour for departure has come; The hostess complacently pockets the score, The stirrup-glass presses the lip at the door, And the spur gives the signal for home. Doors, windows, and gateways, secur'd and made fast, Tir'd inmates prepare for repose: The day's toil and bustle is over, and past, An air of still silence succeeds the rude blast Which jovial carousal had rose. But ere his soft pillow the weary host prest, The fleet clatt'ring steps of a steed His door first approaches,--he startles!--half drest A fearful foreboding just enters his breast, For tidings of ill come with speed. "Ope the door!" cried a voice, in deep tone of affright, "And grant quick admission, I pray! "Oh! grant me admittance, till morning' blest light "Shall banish the phantoms that wander to night, In death's most appalling array!" Through portal, half open'd, with frenzied-like air, Falvonis now furiously springs; His brow shed the cold drop—erect was his hair, Exhausted and stagg'ring he sank on a chair, And 'round, fearful glances he flings. Dismay blanch'd his cheek, for each tribut'ry vein Sent its stream to the citadel heart; That fortress alarm'd, their channels they drain With speed for its succour, nor back flow again Till safety grants leave to depart. For a while, all that cheering assurance could do, From the panic-struck group standing by, Was lost on Falvonis, till calmer he grew, Yet gleams of mute horror occasional flew From his straining and wild rolling eye. Now stout was the heart of Falvonis, and bold, Nor weak superstition dwelt there; And fearful must be the dread sight to behold That daunted his spirit, his blood turned cold, And stampt on his cheek pallid fear. And fearful, forsooth, was the sight he had seen, As told, when released from his fright; His hearers' blood chill'd as he painted the scene And told, that his journey for homeward had been Cut short, by a murder'd man's sprite! 'Twas near the rude bridge that bestrides the dark creek The horrible figure appeared; On it pale ghastly visage was mark'd the red streak, And sunken its eye-bails, and hollow its cheek, And crimsoned with blood was it beard! Through the wide-mouthed wound the assassin had made, Rush'd brain, mix'd with streams of dark gore; Deep gashes more hideous still render'd the shade And well might Falvonis's heart feel dismay'd, Tho' fear it ne'er cherish'd before. 'Twas the spectre of Fredro! who long had been lost To friends—to dependants—and home; False rumour gave out, that the seas he had crost, Resolv'd to revisit his own native coast From which he had been driven to roam. His absence did many with wonder regard From leaving behind him his Wealth; For with him had industry met its reward; Snug Ten'ments and acres proclaimed him their Lord, And providence bless'd him with health. But the friend of his bosom—the man whom he lov'd— For whom his regard had no end— In one cursed moment by Satan was mov'd (Vile lucre his object, as afterwards prov'd) To spill the life's blood of his friend! 'Twas o'er the brimm'd goblet they cheerfully sat The hell-inspir'd thought seized his mind; The day's toil was over—the hour somewhat late— Oh! hour of destruction!—by all-ruling fate To bloodshed and murder consign'd! Night's murkiest month the pale moon o'erspread, When Fredro, unconscious of harm, Stept forth from his threshold—a blow on the head His scull quickly severs—the victim falls dead 'Neath blood- thirsty Wurlo's fierce arm! From the red-reeking spot then the body he bore, Unhallow'd and lone was the grave, In the Creek's marshy bosom he cover'd it o'er While clotted locks scattered, and blotches of gore, Some traces of violence gave. But heav'n had ordain'd that the dark dreadful deed Not long should lie hid from the light; Falvonis's words to a search quickly lead— The Agents of Justice, with promptness proceed To the spot where appear'd the dread sprite. A further decree of the Ruler on high, (Whose mandate who ever knew fail?) Must shew the inscrutable manner whereby Foul murder is often exposed to the eye, And heighten with interest the tale. 'Mid the gable-hir'd sons of Australia, but few With Gilbert (a chief) could compete; Unerring his aim when his barbed spear flew, Nor less so, when wamrah, or bomring, he threw To lay the wing'd game at his feet. The footstep of Bandit thro' forest or plain— Thick brushwood, or deepest ravine— Or devious—or straight—he ne'er follow'd in vain Which seem'd as if instinct alone held the rain, And guided where track was unseen. A certain acuteness of senses denied To man in his civilized state, By man's great Creator is often supplied To the untutor'd savage, that he may provide For wants which his station create. With strange pow'r of vision, and keenness of scent, Few objects lie hid from his view;— Thus gifted was Gilbert the chieftain, who went To aid in the search—by just providence meant To take up the mystical clue. Dark fissures 'twixt timbers which awkwardly prop The bridge, were examin'd with care; The Creek next explor'd—lo!—the searchers now stop As Gilbert's keen eye marks a scum on the top, And all for dread tidings prepare. " 'Tis fat of the white-man!" the sable-hued Chief Exclaim'd—now a dreadful suspense Enwraps the beholders, whose wav'ring belief Gives way to sensations of horror, and grief, And hearts beat with feelings intense. Not far from that spot was the mangled corse found, A spectacle doleful to see; On the bare fleshless skull, gap'd the murderer's wound, Thro' which the scar'd life a quick passage had found, To a mansion more peaceful to flee. Each circumstance weigh'd with exactness conveys In the false friend of Fredro deep guilt; Srern justice soon limits the space of his days, For he who man's blood spills (the holy-verse says,) By man shall his own blood be spilt. In fetters condemn'd guilty Wurlow behold, E'en pity recoils from his doom! By agoniz'd conscience upbraided, and told, That his friend he inhumanly slaughter'd for gold, While friends point his way to the tomb! From the scaffold the murderer's spirit has fled, His maker's forgiveness to seek; To appease Fredro's ghost was his guilty blood shed; And ne'er from that hour, as by trav'llers 'tis said Has been seen the dead SPRITE OF THE CREEK! 