! SYDNEY POLICE. ! iii —00— y - 1 Mister Timothy Barry , ail elderly Gi- 1 I ov.e,m>» wns summoned under the Act of Council, » IaS for " seducing and exciting" one Mary Toole, a 1 fi. "1 T®ry seducable and excitable damsel in the as- p 'I B18nea service ot Mrs. Howell, to abscond from her r p v empl7» Mr. Timothy Barry appeared greatly r . scandalized at the charge, hoped their Worships bl would not for a moment entertain such a palpable j; ,| impossibility r, and declared that were all the elderly \- ff|! ?®n«e»en in Sydney aa moral as himself, Australia 1 c0t .advanca. so rapidly by half as it does, t _ i he fact is," continued Mr, Timothy Barry, " the K f 6'rl seduced and excited me, and as she said she W- . rBS , e' I t0k her in just out of charity — nothing i wther, upon my honour" — and here Mr. Timothy ' !' Bttrrv placed his hand upon his heart and bowed, as much as to say, " touch my houor, touch my life." The case, however, being proved very clearly, the Bench took the liberty of preferring the oaths of the witnesses to the " honor" of elderly Mr. Timothy Barry, and convicted him in the penalty of £5 and costs. Frederick Phillips, steward, and John Davis, cook of the Parmelia, were brought up on a warrant, oharged, the former with stealing, and the latter with receiving, some wine while on the passage out to this colony. It appeared that, in consequence of some information ho had received, Captain Gilbert, on the 17th October, sent tho chief mate, Mr. Jen nings, to tho galley, where the latter demanded from Davis the hottlo of wine which Phillips had brought forward, and received one from him ; at a subsequent part of the day also some tea, of tho same description as that usod in the cuddy, was found concealed under the coals. The cook said ho wanted the wino to make giblot soup, and expa tiated at some length on the relative quality of gib- leC soup with wine, and giblet soup minus wine. The steward, on the other hand, pleaded in exte nuation that he could not think ofletting his birth-day pass over without a bumper of Burguudy. 'iliesa being the premises, the Bench committed both for trial. Dorothy Dobbs appeared to complain of her loving spouse John, for that/he, tho said John, went waga- bondizing about the streets, at all hours, and came home with as many lies in his mouth as a decent sized cat might swallow in a fortnight. Now Mr. John Dobbs and Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs, are one in name;' but two as distinct and separate lieges in every other respect aa any wedded pair in the realm. Mr. John Dobbs is lank, six feet two, and resembling a ghost on stilts ; whereas Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs is plump, squat, aud possessing great affinity to a walking doughboy; Mr. John Dobbs is meek and slow of speech, and Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs is very peppery, her tongue running withal nineteen to the dozen. Mr. John Dobbs being bond and subject to petticoat rule, durst not, as as be very pathetically observed, say his soul is his own ; and Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs, being free, con siders herself entitled to rend curtain lectures in his ear, and bang him with the fire-shovel. These an tipodes-like qualifications often lead to very dra matic results ; and it was after one of the fire-shovel hangings aforesaid, that poor Mr. John Dobbs " went wagahondizing about the streets," as Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs alleged, and returned home to her the next morning with a tarrible long tale about " halters, poisons, ropes, hay, and divers other willauies," which his better half immediately pro nouueed to be " nothing but his wile inwentions." This was the burthen of Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs' complaint, who earnestly prayed his Worship to castignte the said John for his naughtiness. His Worship, however, declined acting on the sugges tion of the poppeiy, loquacious, shovel-hauging Mrs. Dorothy, till he should hear what her hus band might have to say for himself, and thereupon meek, hen-pecked Mr. John Dobbs, with many an apprehensive glance at his rib, proceeded to stale, 'how, lie first fell in love with Miss Dorothy Winkle, that then was when she was a heating mince pie3 how, after sighing and fretting him self away, he wooed and won her maiden hand ;— how he took it for sure and sartin that ha should then be the happiest dog alive ; — how, the very first night she told him to hand his breeches over to her, for she should wear them in fu ture ; — how he had ever since been the .un-happiest dog alive ; — how she made a practice of applying the fire-shovel to him a- la-bastinado ;— -how, after being last time banged therewith, be got tired of his life.und resolved to hang himself; — how he went into the bush and hunted about for a rope ; — but, how find ing a rope, he twisted some long grass into a halter, and suspended himse'f from a tree ; — bow he was taking the Inst kick when a hungry bullock came along, and took a mouthful of the grass halter which brought him down ; — how he thought better of it, and ran away home ; — how he told Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs all about it, hoping to touch her hard heart ; and how she wouldn't believe a word he said." The Bench having by this made found a tolerable guesa vl UWlv llJlUg9 11 G1D| UiSUllSSOU lull tiuilix A/UUI/I)| with an injunction not to " wagabondize" any more ; and recommended Mrs. Dorothy Dobbs to let the fire-shovel rest in peace in its proper place. The Battle of Pitt-street. — Mr. Joseph Richards, Mrs. Joseph Richards, and Miss Mary O'Brien, the pretty maiden sister of Mrs. Joseph Richards, appeared bef'ote the Bench in their Sunday-going habiliments, to answer the complaint of Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald, who introduced herself as ' the most peaceablest woman as ever lived.' To follow the case through all its parts as it took place, would exhaust the reader's patience, as well as our own suffice it, therefore, to state, that on a certain day, the peaceful and happy region of Pitt-street, became the scene of as ruthless and exterminating a var, as any house-top whereon half a score Tom cats have met to decide their pretensions to some sleek-tailed Miss Tabbv. The needle and scissors were forsaken for the poker and the tongs, and even all the elements, earth, fire, nir, and water, were summoned to lend their aid in the work of slaughter. What treaty had been infringed, or what insult offered, the record hath not handed down ; but certain it is, that some dispute of mighty import did take place between ' the high contending powers' whose names are above, and each party, as usual, in such cases, was baoked by their allies; as often as ' the fortune of the day' seemed adverse to either, fresh reinforcements pouring into their aid, and continuing, the contest with increased fury. In this manner about half a hundred became engaged, and the battle bid fair to rival that of Waterloo in duration, when luckily the police interfered, and after much ado procured a cessation of hostilities. It was in consequence of this, that they now re ferred the quarrel to his Worship's arbitration, and ' the most peaceablest' Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald, when called upon for her complaint, alleged — First, that Mrs. Richards, without any provocation, hove a jug of water, jug and all, at her head— Secondly, that Mr. Richards sang out " Go it," and Thirdly, that the pretty Miss Mary thereupon sallied forth to the fray, armed with a fire-stick and full of bloody- mindedness, ' and so the fight began.' The de fendants wished to call some witnesses, but the plaintiff and her,s having sworn to their charge, the Magistrates declined hearing thein, and committed them for trial at the sessions. 