The attention of the people in this Colony is now so much riveted on the state of affairs in England, that our own little hole-in-the-corner politics ap- pear to excite but little comparative interest, though we occasionally hear a good deal of the regular habitual grumbling about the evils which bear us down. The roads are now become a hope- less subject of complaint, and no one has any ex- pectation of improvement taking place as regards the really essential and useful roads, while Co- lonel ARTHUR holds the rains, and Mr. O’CON NOR keeps the road. The Survey Department gets worse and worse. Some very extraordinary facts relating to this Department have transpired this week, which we will consider in our next ! It appears that Mr. FRANKLAND wished to get rid of Mr. BOYD and send him to Launceston, because there is an arrear of business in the head office, which by Mr. FRANKLAND’S own admission will take three years to bring up. And for this reason, he wishes to send away Captain BOYD, who was appointed from England for the express purpose of conducting the Office Department, who has always been considered an attentive and industrious Officer of an idle and negligent De- partment. However, Captain BOYD stood firm, and kept his proper place, for which we believe the Public have in some measure to thank the Colonial Secretary for assisting him resisting the influence with which he had to contend. Had Mr. JOHN LEE ARCHER acted with the same in- dependent and determined spirit, when the most important part of his duties was wrested from his charge, he would have done a very great service to the Colony and saved himself from many un- pleasent matters. Want of money, forms an in- cessant subject of complaint, and multifarious are the schemes, suggested to remove the evil. We hear that Government have called upon the Banks to cash their notes, in the hands of the Colonial Treasurer, every Tuesday and Friday. Another report states, that the Governor is about to lead the Banks £20,000, at 5 per cent.— The payment of the publican’s license money will withdraw a very large sum from the circulation and increase the present embarrassment of the Colony. A total change of men and measures is anx- iously looked for by all thinking men, even amongst the hitherto most staunch out-of-office supporters of Colonel ARTHUR’S measures ; and that such a change would have taken place long before this there is now no longer any doubt, had not the unexpected rejection of the Reform Bill and other circumstances prevented it. Letters from England by the last arrival in which confi- dence can be placed assert positively that General BOURKE’S original destination was for Van Die- men’s Land, Lord GLENTWORTH having been appointed to New South Wales. The embarrass- ments of that Nobleman prevented his leaving Eng land, and General DARLING having made known his intention of quitting his Government on a cer- tain day. The necessity of providing a Governor, oc- casioned the despatching General BOURKE to New South Wales ; but it is still asserted with confidence by those who are supposed to be of good authority, that General BOURKE is still destined for this Island, and that should not Lord GLENTWORTH’S occupation of the Government eventually take place, had the Reform Bill affair not interposed, another individual would have been appointed. We have reason to believe that the effects of the proceedings of the 23d of May, and of the previous great Public Meeting in New South Wales are known to the authorities in both Colonies, and that Legislative Representative Assemblies will be forthwith granted to both, of course with the condition that they provide for their respective Civil Establishments, which will therefore be subjected to their controul. Persons, in whose sources of information confidence may be relied, assure us that this will take place at no distant pe- riod. It is stated that at the same time the British Go- vernment will make an equitable adjustment for the maintainance of the convicts in each Colony, by allowing an annuity proportioned to the number annually transported, leaving the sole control of those funds and of the convicts to the Legislative and Executive of each Colony. We shall then have efficient officers in every department — good roads and bridges, and our farms will be measured and our grants issued. A saving of at least 30 per cent. will be effected in the public expenditurer.— We shall then have no money locked up idle in the Treasury but it will be expended in useful and practicable improvements. Our learned friend of THE COURIER last week, in his oft-repeated complaint, relating to the want of a regular market in Hobart Town, has hazarded some observations on grazing husbandry, which have reminded us of our promise made to our agricultural readers, at the commencement of our editorial course. In redeeming our promise, we do not know any thing connected with agriculture, that requires our immediate consideration so much as the state of our market for butcher meat, and the fact that not only Hobart Town, but even many of the settlers on their farms are indebted to the Sydney graziers and merchants for salt beef to feed upon. This fact is very triumphantly noticed by the Sydney Journals ; and if they thus notice it, for the purpose of rousing the farmers of Van Die- men’s Land from their present lethargy and sloven- ly habits, as regards the management of their land, and the improvement of their resources, our brother Editors at Sydney are entitled to our gratitude. For it is truly shameful to the settlers of Van Die- men’s Land, that beef, pork, dairy, produce, soap, candles, and even horse corn should be imported from Sydney, to a country possessing such a superiority of soil and climate over that from whence it draws those supplies, and a population principally employed in agriculture. It is absurd to hear us complain of the want of markets for our surplus produce while we continue to purchase from our neighbours those very articles, which our soil, if properly managed, would enable us to produce in superabundance. We cannot admit, what we have so often heard urged, that the drought of the climate renders it impossible to keep stock fat in this Island. The quality of meat, fed on cultivated herbage and roots, which is in small quantities exhibited for sale in Hobart Town at all seasons, is a sufficient refutation of such an objection ; for we have seen meat in Hobart Town at the most unfavourable season equal in quality to what is usually exhibited in the shambles of the Mother Country ; and if we can produce fat meat, we must have tallow in pro- portion. Tallow will form candles, and, if pro- duced in sufficient quantities, will enable us to supply ourselves with soap, and save us from the ruinous necessity of importing those indispensable articles of consumption. It appears to us, that the first and most natural object to attract the at- tention, and occupy the industry of the inhabitants of any country, should be to draw from the pro- duce of their soil a sufficient supply for their own consumption, and this is particularly requisite in a new country, destitute of a sufficient quantity of or an external demand for those articles of pro- duce which could be exchanged for necessary imports. We say necessary imports, because there are many necessaries which our country is inca- pable of producing, and others which, though they might be produced here, can be imported much cheaper in exchange for those of our own growth, which are of EASIER production. We will not at present enter into any general consideration of this subject, but confine ourselves to some practi- cal observations, which are called for by the mis- taken view taken of the sheep husbandry of the Colony by the COURIER. And we will not enter into the question, whether, fine Saxon or long combing wool would be the most profitable to the grower. This we will consider at another time, when we have obtained more correct information than we at present possess on the subject. Our position is, that a sufficiency, nay, a super-abun- dance of good mutton can, by a proper system, be produced from the FINEST-woolled sheep, if it be found that their fleeces are the most profitable for exportation. And we cannot admit the assertion, that a decrease of the number of sheep in the Colony could produce any advantage to the breeder or the customer. We maintain that the Colony is capable of feeding more than double the number of sheep which it at present contains. our worthy friend of the COURIER says, DESTROY ONE-THIRD OF YOUR PRESENT NUMBER OF SHEEP, THAT MUTTON MAY BE MORE ABUNDANT AND OF BETTER QUALITY. This doctrine savours to much of Mal- thus and political economists. Now we say im- prove your system of sheep farming and make a better use of your land, that you may be able to feed a great number of sheep, keep your markets well supplied with good fat mutton, and greatly increase the quantity and improve the quality of your wool, whether Saxon or combing. But this cannot be done while the occupations of breeding, grazing, and fattening, are blended together as they are at present in this country. Agriculture, in all its branches, would be greatly improved, and the wealth and comforts of the people much increased, if the occupies of the soul would direct and confine their attention to the production of those articles which are best suited to the respec- tive locality of their farms as regards the market for their produce. At present we see farms within a short distance of Hobart Town, having their land stocked with miserable flocks of half-starved breeding ewes and lamb, buying their butcher meat and dairy produces from the interior, or from Sydney importers. Wheat, at five shillings per bushel, is carted (over roads that are not fit to travel), a distance of sixty miles from the interior. Malt liquor, much inferior to some of our colonial brewed, is brought from England ; and barley for our breweries is imported from Sydney, and sold at seven shillings per bushel, where the grower in that flourishing country only receives three-and sixpence. These are facts that cannot be controverted ; and are they not sufficient to show that gross mismanagement and neglect of their interest must prevail amongst the people as well as the Government of the Colony ! We have much, very much to say to our fellow Colonists on this subject. At present, let us confine our- selves to an outline of the sheep system, and see whether we cannot point out a better method of improving our wool, and supplying our shambles, than by DECREASING the number of sheep in the Colony. Now the system of sheep farming, which is generally pursued in Scotland, appears to us not only practicable, but calculated to prove of great advantage to all parties connected with or inter- ested in the agriculture of the colony, whether as producing or consuming the supplies. There, we have first the store-master or breeder, who gene- rally occupies an extensive track of mountainous grazing ground, where his flocks graze in the sum- mer months, and some more genial spot to which he removes them before the lambing season, or rather before the depth of winter. But we will not dwell on those parts of the system, which are rendered necessary by the severity of the climate. When his lambs are weaned, he separates the ewes from the wedder lambs, and joins them ta their proper flocks ; for, on every extensive and well managed sheep walk in the Highlands (of which we now speak), there are at least three flocks.— 1st, we or breeding flock ; 2nd, the wedder flock ; the 3rd, the gimmer flock or hirsle which are never suffered to have lambs until they are two years old. The occupier of the soil having once exactly ascer- tained the quantity of stock which his land will maintain never suffers his stock to increase beyond that number. They are regularly drafted every year according to the circumstances and situation of the different farms. We will notice that system which appears adopted for this colony. All the full-mouthed ewes are drawn off, and set apart for sale — their place in the breeding flock being supplied from the gimmer flock, which is again fill- ed up from the best ewe lambs. The cast ewes and three-year old wedders are generally sold off in autumn ; and the ewes being purchased by a class of farmers who make this a part of their business, are wintered on rough pastures on the outskirts of the rich feeding lands. Rams of a large breed are put with them a month or six weeks before the usual time, and, being, kept in good condition, they are sold in the spring to the occupiers of rich feeding land, who carry on the alternate system of husbandry ; that is, grazing and stall-feeding for the butcher, with extensive cultivation of grain. Here the ewes are put in February or March on some piece of old lay (or grass) land, and have a few turnips given to them, until they have dropped their lambs. They are then, as they drop, re- moved into a field of early grass, the first crop of clover and rye-grass. On good land, the propor- tion of stock is four couple (that is ewe and lamb) to the acre, the lambs are sold to the butcher at six weeks old, to be removed a certain number weekly, before the 1st of August. The ewes are ready for the butcher, and all off the ground by the end of October.— The wedders, which were drafted from the original flock with the ewes, were sold to turnips growers, who fed them off in the first winter, at the rate of fifteen to each (English) acre of turnips.— They are generally sold off by the middles of April. The farmers on the high rented land in the Lothians used to calculate on the lambs to pay the rent, and any profit that they looked for, the wool from the ewes going for in- terest and to cover losses. They were content if the ewes when fat, fetched as much advance on the cost price as would pay for attending to them. The wedders generally doubled their value in five months. We have seen a field of turnips on a poor sand pay the occupier £25 per acre, when fed with sheep ; this was in 1813. It will be observed that the breeders occupy the land furthest from market. The rearing or store- graziers come next, and those who are close to the markets would never think of breeding a lamb or a calf except to fatten instantly for the shambles, as lamb or veal. When we see this system intro- duced here, we shall see our markets well supplied with good beef and mutton. Our fat stock will come to the slaughter in the same good condition as they left the stall or the pasture ; and we shall hear no more complaints, that attention to the growth of wool interferes, with the abundant sup- ply of good fat meat. This article is already too long for one number, but we will continue the subject in a more regular form in our future num- bers, and shew that it is practicable and profitable to keep up a regular succession of succulent food all the year for the feeding dairy or fattening stock, where there is enclosed arable land. In the meantime, we invite the communications of every practical farmer, and every other person who has considered the subject. If tending to elucidate the subject, they will find a place, whe- ther they coincide or disagree with our own views of the matter. Mr. Edward Smith Hall, the dauntless and uncomprising Advocate of Freedom, Truth, and Justice in the sister Colony has done us the honour to notice our equally well meant, if less powerful efforts in the same cause, in the following article, extracted from the SYDNEY MONITOR of the 22d ultimo :— “ We have to apologise to the friends of freedom in Van Diemen’s Land for not having before noticed their public-spirited attempt to print and publish a newspaper, which it is not probable will be BOUGHT by the authorities there. Mr. MURRAY, of the TSAMANIAN, did well for a season ; but certain circumstances brought him under the dominion of the Authorities, AND HE FELL. The COLONIAL TIMES has lately assumed a better tone, and has equally improved in his style ; but the proprietor long ago proclaimed the nature of his principles—namely, that they were FOR SALE ; and if they were not bought up by the same parties, it was because the latter did not think it policy to treat openly with so loose and unblushing a dealer in public principle. The Press, therefore, of Van Diemen’s Land, had become a sort of public prostitute. Sometimes she favoured one lover in the authorities, and sometimes the other in the people, as it suited her whim or her interest. TO-DAY the local Government was her favourite lover ; to-morrow, the PEOPLE. The latter had long been disgusted with her mercenary inconsistency, and roused by Mr. Bent, the victim of the most insidious prosecutions and persecutions, though mitigated occasionally by sundry spurious acts of clemency, a few independent gentleman have at length set the worthy patriot’s new press and types in motion on behalf of Tasmanian freedom, and commenced a newspaper under the popular designation of “ THE COLONIST.” We sincerely wish the projectors success. The effort redounds to their honour. The enemy per- ceive the danger they are in, and tremble. One of the creatures of the local government, a sine- curist, has already proffered his services to the great Lion and has already commenced the office of jackall, by instituting a prosecution of the pro- prietor, or editor, or publisher of the new Junius, one or all, for a libel on him ; not however from mere private motives. We imagines, that in this prosecution, the authorities of Van Diemen’s Land will find they are only cutting off their nose to be revenged, &c.; It is, however, annoying to see men prosecuted by a jury of SPECIALS, which in a close society cannot, if it would, be independent. But whatever inconvenience the proprietor publisher of THE COLONIST may suffer, this prosecu- tion will do the new journal good. It will show, how dismayed the worthy & religious authorities of the sister Colony are at the sight of the ghost of Bent’s old Gazette once more presenting itself to their vision the form of THE COLONIST ; how terrified they are at the sight of a journal which at last, is to tell them a little wholesome truth, and to present to Downing-street, by every ship that leaves Hobart, the real state of things in a Colony which is priest-ridden and tax- ridden beyond parallel in the history of Colonies.—The Tasmanians are pressed down by an incubus of hypocrisy, reli- gious and political, which, having groaned under for years, and still groaning under it, has caused the balance of trade between Sydney and Hobart, which used to be immensely in favour of the latter, to become immensely in favour of the former ; while the Hobart Government Treasury (Colonel Arthur’s cunning touch-stone of good government,) absolutely flows over ! But with what ! why with the money which is produced by those causes which have accomplished this af- fecting change. Those causes also makes the rate of money-exchange between the two Colonies, 20 per cent. in favour of Sydney ! A dollar worth 4s. sterling in Sydney, being taken down to Hobart, becomes worth 5s. sterling ! while the over-flowings of the Hobart Treasury are squan- dering in useless and exorbitant salaries, fees, fines—in useless expeditions against the Blacks, in Mr. Bedford’s glebes and church repairs, and in benefactions to the religious locusts of all sorts, which now swarm in Tasmania as thickly as they did in New South Wales a year ago. But let THE COLONIST speak on this point.” We confess ourselves not a little gratified by the above very flattering notice of our Journal, coming from so respectable a quarter, and from one who has himself done and suffered so much in the cause of freedom ; but we must set our much re- spected brother right on one or two points, where in he appears to be mistaken. First—it does not appear that Mr. BENT ever received the slightest mitigation EVEN OF A SPURIOUS SORT, under all the insidious persecutions which he was made to suffer. On the contrary, when his Journal was suppress- ed, under the arbitrary, cruel, and wicked “ Li- censing Act,” he attempted to make a living by publishing a sheet of advertisements, and subse- quently by the publication of a monthly periodical of a very respectable character, entitled the “ COLONIAL ADVOCATE.” While poor BENT was in prison, intimation was given to him, that unless he discontinued printing the “ COLONIAL ADVO- CATE,” prosecutions should be commenced against him for every sheet of advertisements which he had printed, AND THAT HE SHOULD BE KEPT IN PRISON FOR LIFE ! ! Not much mitigation in that ! especially when it is considered that those threatened prosecu- tions were to have been instituted under a LAW, which has since been DIS-ALLOWED BY THE KING, and that Mr. BENT is entitled to recover compensation for the loss and imprisonment which he has sustained by reason of the suppression of his journal. The SYDNEY MONITOR is also a little mistaken as to the fact of the individual who has “ lent himself as a jackall,” being also a sinecurist. We believe that his office is no sinecure, having quite enough to do, even in his ostensible duties. It is quite evi- dent that the prosecution is not commenced on any private grounds, nor with a view to vindicate the character of the ostensible prosecutor ; for, had that been the case, a civil action against the Editor, who had written, printed, and published the alleged libel, would have been the proper course. But a civil action would never have an- swered the insidious purpose of the real prosecu- tor—for, in the first place, in a civil action, oppor- tunity would have been afforded to prove the truth of the alleged libel, and , in the second place, the case would have been tried by a CIVIL JURY. And Mr. O’CONNOR and every member of the Government well know that the result would be any thing but gratifying to them. But let us not be misunderstood. We disclaim all know- ledge of having written any thing that can be call- ed a libel, much less proved to be one. And we have not the slightest mistrust of the HONESTY of the officers of the 63d regiment. [We avoid writing the word HONOUR, because we have seen and heard it so often misapplied, that we begin now to fancy it (like the word GENTLEMAN in this Colony) a very equivocal term.] Though they are soldiers, and accustomed to be under com- mand, we believe that they are men of indepen- dent minds, who will not submit to have their consciences influenced nor intimidated. So that even with a Military Jury, Mr. O’CONNOR and his instigators will find themselves no great gainers. But the prosecutors are little aware that the whole community will see at once through the flimsy artifice they have adopted to avoid having the case tried by a Civil Jury, which must have decided it, had the government stood forward as the prosecutor. Another very remar- kable fact is, that Mr. GELLIBRAND, who is stand- ing counsel for THE COLONIST, is, in the present instance, Counsel for the prosecution, being bound by a general retainer from Mr. RODERICK O’CONNOR ; which retainer, strange to say, was RENEWED JUST ABOUT THE TIME OF THE COLONIST MAKING ITS APPEARANCE. Did Mr. O’CONNOR feel that he must be specially obnoxious to the JOURNAL OF THE PEOPLE, or was he EMPLOYED to secure the talents of Mr. Gellibrand, it being known to higher authorities that they must be attacked on the HIGH- WAY, conscious as they must be that there they were very vulnerable ? But that the real motives of the present prosecution might appear on the PEOPLE of Van Diemen’s Land, and to every person of discernment who feels interested in the cause of freedom. Mr. O’CONNOR has instructed his counsel to do that which no man but himself, and those who are under the sentence of the law, and only a very few of them, even to earn their indulgence, would have done. He has, in conse- quence of an oversight in the wording of the affi- davits filed at the Secretary’s Office, directed Mr. Gellibrand to prosecute Messrs Gregson and Mere- dith, as proprietors, of the colonist, for penalties to the amount of TEN THOUSAND POUNDS ! ! ! This new trade of the common informer is certain- ly more profitable if successful at this rate, and much safer, though NOT MORE HONOURABLE than ano- ther that we could name, were we not afraid that Mr. O’CONNOR might suspect us of being personal. We wish Mr. RODERICK O’CONNOR very much joy of the new character in which he now present him- self before the Public ! Few of our readers will be surprised at this from Mr. Roderick O’Connor ; but many of them will be very much surprised to hear that Mr. Gellibrand, the PATRIOTIC Mr. GEL- LIBRAND, STANDING COUNSEL FOR THE JOURNAL OF THE PEOPLE, now comes forward as Counsel for a COMMON INFORMER to sue for penalties al- leged to be incurred, through an oversight by that Journal for which he himself is standing Counsel. Can any of our readers inform us if a Counsel is bound by a general retainer, to sue another Client from whom he holds a similar retainer, AT THE IN- STANCE OF A COMMON INFORMER, for penalties al- leged to be incurred under a law, which has not its parallel in any country possessing the shadow of freedom ? Truly, lawyers and patriotism at the antipodes appears to us in explicable subjects, when combined. We truly regret that Mr. O’Connor has not joined us, the Editor, with Messrs. Greg- son and Meredith, in these honourable prosecu- tions. We believe that we owe our exemption to the personal good-will of his counsel ; but assur- edly, in this instance, we do not thank Mr. Gelli- brand, for his no doubt well meant consideration for us, individually. We would never allow others to suffer for our act nor would we shrink from any persecution to which we can be exposed in the cause in which we have embarked. It is a cause in which we shall be proud to triumph, and failing of that, be content to suffer. Our readers may be assured that neither Mr. Gregson nor Mr. Me- redith, shrinks from the persecution ; nor blame us for having exposed them to it, innocent as they are of the alleged cause ; and Mr Roderick O’Connor will find that he has in those Gentle- men, and in the editor of the Peoples’ Journal, to deal with men of tougher mould than was poor “ Colquhoun.” We shall handle this subject very fully in our next letter to the Secretary of State, and we have no doubt but through the news- paper press, from our columns, the names of Messrs. O’Connor and Gelliband, and the framer of our Newspaper Law, will become as celebrated in every free country in Europe and America, as they are in Australasia. Adieu for the present, Mr. Roderick O’Connor. You have taken a sure method to prevent yourself from being forgotten. The day of reckoning is not VERY distant, but you will then creep out under the skirts of those for whom you now stand, in the front of battle, to crush freedom through the men who have stood forward to do battle for the people against you and such as you. In our last number we had occasion slightly to notice the conduct of Captain Chief Police Ma- gistrate FORSTER, with respect to Captain BOUL- TON, of the ARETHUSA, and also as connected with replacing the stocks, on the public highway, after he had been informed that they were a public nuisance, and had been the means of seriously in- juring several persons, while walking along the foot path. We now offer our promised remarks on the subject, and request that our readers will favour us with their attention, for ridiculous as both cases are in themselves, each of them mark a spirit so inconsistent with the feelings of English men, and so utterly at variance with what they consider is due to them from a well-paid public Officer, that as a Public Censor, we are imperi- ously called upon to take special notice of them. With respect to Captain Boulton’s case, we were present when that gentleman came up to a Ma- gistrate, in the street, opposite the Police-office, and stated that one of his seamen had left the vessel and got drunk ; that in consequence of his remaining absent an unreasonable time, he (Cap- tain Boulton) had stopped his (the seaman’s) grog. On this, the seaman refused to work. Captain Boulton being at the time busy taking in cargo, and knowing that the man wished to seek a quarrel that might leave the vessel, wished for the interference of a Magistrate. The gentle- man to whom he applied, referred him to the Chief Police Magistrate, who was then sitting within twenty yards of the spot. Captain Boulton went to the Police-office, had just commenced his tale, and was going on with it, when the Chief Police Magistrate turned abruptly on his heel, and left the office, without condescending to notice the complainer. Captain Boulton, feeling insult- ed by this treatment, and conceiving that the Ma- gistrate did not pay that attention to his case, which, as a Justice of the Peace, and particularly a paid Magistrate, he was bound to do, addressed a note to him. Captain Forster did not conde- scend to notice this note, but on the following Friday, the annexed article appeared in THE TAS- MANIAN, which is edited by HENRY SAVARY, a prisoner of the Crown, who stated to us that he was the Editor of that paper, and that he was such by the express authority of the Lieutenant Go- vernor ! ! ! [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] The insertion of the enclosed copy of a letter is requested in the TASMANIAN, with the following information, by way of answer to it, for the benefits of masters of ships. It was well know to Mr. Forster, that the application alluded to was made, though the im- portant personage was then unknown as a master of a brig, and not dreamt of a commander—a term most arrogantly assumed in this Colony by masters of vessels, WHO, ON THEIR ARRIVAL IN IT, TOO OFTEN ATTEMPT TO PRACTISE THEIR TYRANNICAL AND OP- PRESSIVE COMMANDS, AS IF AT SEA—COMMANDING APOLOGIES FROM THEIR HELPLESS PASSENGERS AND SEA- MEN. THE MOCK COMMANDER is now however on shore, AND THE CHIEF POLICE MAGISTRATE ON LAND ON HIS OWN QUATER DECK, always in readiness to adjudicate in the multifarious matter daily pre- sented to him, when stated in writing, and and sworn to, but not to give advice upon every ship’s hold squabble, for that would be depriving the lawyers of their fees. Any other information that the ASTONISHED MASTER, (should he not be in possession of the Ship Master’s Assistant, of Johnson’s Dic- tionary, in order to correct his orthography) may require, he is welcome to from your Correspon- dent, and to whom, if necessary, you will please refer him. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (COPY.) “ Hobart Town, 5th Sept. 1832. “ CAPTAIN FORSTER, “ Sir,—You must be well aware that this day, on or about 2 o’clock, a certain person addressed himself to you, as Chief Police Magistrate, to ask information how he should act with a REFRATORY seaman, that person was myself, and you cannot have forgotten, that in the middles of your dis- course, Mr. Edward Abbott and another gentle- man entered the room, and without ONE WORD OF EXPLANATION OR APOLOGY, you immediately left the room, to the ASTONISHMENT OF EVERY ONE PRESENT, AND ESPECIALLY TO THAT OF YOUR OBEDIENT, (Signed) “ J. S. BOULTON, “ COMMANDER of the ARETHUSA.” Now whatever may have been the merits of Captain Boulton’s case, there can be but one opi- mion as the conduct of Captain Forster in pub- lishing, or causing Captain Boulton’s letter to be published, with remarks so eminently calculated to create insubordination, not only amongst Cap- tain Boulton’s crew, but board of every mer- chant ship in the harbour. It appears that the masters of merchant ships, frequenting this port, have great cause of complaint for want of proper local laws to support their necessary authority. Surely this is bad enough without having a general sweeping charge brought against them for “ TYRAN- NICAL OPPRESSIVE CONDUCT,” and that charge appa- rently put forth by the CHIEF POLICE MAGISTRATE ! We really do believe that Captain Forster is, by birth and education, a gentleman. Therefore though we know that, as a public officer, he does sometimes “ TOP THE QUARTER DECK,” we believe it impossible that he could write the offensive article appended to Captain Boulton’s letter ; but as that letter was addressed to him, the public are justly entitled to consider the whole as emanating from him, unless he publicly disowns it, and accounts for the publication of a letter addressed to him. We scarcely need remark that the bad orthography of which Captain Boulton is accused consists in the omission of the letter “ c” in the word “ re- fractory.” It is superfluous to say this is evident- ly a clerical oversight. The removal of the stocks gave Captain Forster another opportunity of displaying his “ QUARTER DECK” spirit, which will be remembered in the Colony, probably after he has ceased to be Police Magistrate. We believe the facts of the case, that some persons, in coming along the foot-path, broke their shins against the stocks, (which indeed it is hardly possible to avoid in the dark), and re- solved to take their revenge, and prevent a recur- rence of the accident, by removing the stocks. They were soon joined by several others, and the nuisance disappeared. In consequence of two gen- tleman who put up at the “ Waterloo,” having been seen that night on the path, every person who was known to have been in the house was summoned to give evidence in the case ; and two of them afterwards successively arraigned one Mr. (OAKES), AFTER HAVING BEEN QUESTIONED ON OATH ! Mr. ALL- PORT was summoned from the Black Brush to re- peat on oath the conversation that took place at the table, where he spent the evening. However, Mr. Oakes was acquitted ! But Captain Forster was not satisfied, and he wrote for authority to offer a reward of ten pounds for the discovery of the offenders ; however it would appear that the Colonial Secretary, or the Governor, put their veto upon this, and we are happy to acknowledge this instance of regard to public opinion on the part of the Governor. Indeed we have long known that the Colonial Secretary is aware that the peo- ple have some feelings, and that they have a right to have those feelings considered by their rulers, but it was generally believed that his Excellency was of an opposite way of thinking. We are therefore happy to record this instance of regard to public opinion ; and we earnestly hope that His Excellency will, as relates to this affair, give some farther proof, that he does regard the public feel- ing a little more than the Chief Police Magistrate appears to do. But Captain Forster was deter- mined to shew his contempt of public opinion and public convenience by replacing the stocks in the very spot from whence they were moved, and where they now stand as an obstruction on a foot- path which, from its height, is sufficiently dan- gerous, even without an obstruction. This is evidently done in the pure spirit of arbitrary con- tradiction ; for it is a most inconvenient spot, as regards the Police themselves. And on a cold day, with a sharp wind, blowing from the river or from the mountain, through the confined space in Mur- ray-street, the punishment of sitting in the stocks must be little short of torture. We know that one poor women died soon after sitting in them, and it was generally believed that her death was acce- lerated by the sufferings she endured in the stocks. We trust that His Excellency will give orders for their removal to some more public and convenient situation. Should this appeal fail, we will try the effect of a criminal information for obstructing the highway ! ! We really think our friend of the highways ought to have saved us this trouble, as the keeping the road clear and passable is surely his duty. There must be an infatuation attending some of our Public Officers at this moment, for they appear to seek opportuni- ties of bringing the Government into hatred and contempt, by annoying the people in trifling mat- ters, when compliance with popular opinion and convenience would be much easier more con- venient to themselves, than is the opposite line of conduct, in pursuing which they can have no mo- tive but to shew their contempt for the people who feed and clothe them. We are not likely to be suspected of flattering our friend of the highways, but we must do him justice by noticing the commodious jetties which he has erected for the accommodation of the steam packet, both at Kangaroo Point and the New Wharf. Ladies can now get out and in to the steam boat without that risk of falling into the water, or exposing their persons (in a manner that must shock the feelings of every women except such as have reached the last stage of depravity), which every female has to encounter who attempts going out or into a boat at the old Wooden Jetty. We really wish that we could comply with the re- quest of our correspondent, Mr. THRAPPLEDITCH, and succeed in persuading His Excellency to at- tempt embarking or disembarking, with his wife and daughters from the Wooden Jetty, in a stiff sea breeze at low water. But we know His Ex- cellency is too good a father and a husband to permit the slightest risk of inconvenience or pain- ful feeling to those who are justly dear to dear to him. But we would most respectfully remind His Ex- cellency, that other females have feelings and modesty to be wounded as well as those who have the felicity of being related to him ; and we would remind him that they have fathers and brothers who do feel, and may one day resent the neglect of decent females who are compelled to go out and in to boats at the Old Jetty. We have before us a political paper, entitled “ the Catechism of the Swinish Multitude,” which has been published in England amongst thousands of a similar tendency, to arouse the people there to a sense of the wrongs and contempt which they have been made to suffer. Now we have seen enough of both countries to enable us, without fear of contradiction, to assert that they aristocracy of England have never PRACTI- CALLY displayed the “ SWINISH MULTITUDE ” feeling towards the people, to one-half the extent to which it has been displayed towards the people in this Colony, by our self-designated “ aristocracy ;” and the same short-sighted policy and forgetfulness of consequences which mark their conduct in this respect, pervades all their public acts, and proves their unfitness to be entrusted with the manage- ment of any affairs which involve any future in- terests. The aristocracy of England know that they possess peculiar privileges, secured to them by law strengthened by custom immemorial, and which are permanent in their families so long as the laws remain unaltered. Not so those, who, being PLACED IN ELEVATED SITUATIONS BY THE GRACE AND FAVOUR OF COLONEL ARTHUR, must very soon with His Excellency, BY WHOM THEY ARE SO PLACED, return to their proper level in society, and AS FAR AS THEY MAY BE ADMITTED, amalgamate with those whom they now treat as the “ Swinish Multitude.” We would remind those persons that OTHERS will, in a very short time, possess the power to retaliate upon them what THEY are now inflicting upon the community, of which they must soon become a component part ; their influence will cease with their offices, and it is evident that they have no right to administer to themselves the same com- fort, that the unjust Steward in the Gospel did, on the prospect of being turned out of their Steward- ship. We must, with the arrival of a new Gover- nor, have a very general change of Civil Officers ; and the present set must then, if they remain in the Colony, revert to the station of common Set- tlers. We admit that the Colonial Secretary and SOME others of the Public Officers, are spoken of as having, by civility and politeness to persons who had to transact business at their offices, gain- ed the favourable opinion of the people ; and it is possible that the courtesy and gentlemanlike man- ners of the Colonial Secretary, it the principal cause of the opinion which has gone abroad, that that gentleman is the friend of the People in the Executive, and opposed to those measures from which the Colony has suffered so much injury. And with all this good opinion and good feeling of the People towards him, the Colonial Secretary may even be (though on one believes it)the origi- nator of some of the obnoxious measures. We are far from insinuating that he is. We have intro- duced his name merely to show what effect is pro- duced by a little civil attention, and to contrast his courteous and obliging manners with those of our would be very great men ; yet it is possible that those official personages do not really mean by their MANNERS to insult the people ; their con- duct in this respect most probably arises from their never having had access to the Society in which the Colonial Secretary has been accustomed to move ; and having probably been in their original places in Society, the most civil obsequious of man, have fancied that official manners must be different from those which belonged to their own sphere ; and never having had the opportunity of SERVING AS APPRENTICESHIP TO A GENTLEMAN, they can- not be blamed for being unacquainted with the man- ners of that class. But such an excuse cannot be made for the manners of some of our great men ; and we will not except even the highest in the Colony. We have had occasion to remark often the manner in which His Excellency receives some respectable persons who have to wait upon him for an audience, which may require a con- siderable time to finish. It is of little consequence to make GENTLEMEN stand in His Excellency’s pre- sence, particularly if they are disposed TO BE TEDIOUS, OR HAVE COME TO BEG. But females ought to have some consideration shewn them, which has not always been the case, when waiting on His Excellency officially. Of course, no one will sus- pect a deficiency of elegant politeness to those who are honoured with admittance to vice royal Fêtes, where we of the “ Swinish Multitude” dare not even to let our fancy wander. We were once present with five or six gentlemen in a public office, waiting on his honour the Chief Justice, on extra-judicial business : we were all received manner that might have convinced us, how very LITTLE we were thought of, though we had amongst us some of the leading merchants of the place. One of the gentlemen present observing that his honour was not arrayed in the terrors of his wig and gown, ventured to address exactly FIVE mono- syllables to him in the way of conversation, when his Honour turned quickly round as if stung by a serpent, and shewing his back to the speaker, gave him such an answer as convinced us all that his honour thought it a piece of great assurance in the person who had so addressed him, and left no inclination on the part of any one present to re- new the conversation, but none of us could feel that his honour was right, and our humble ple- bian notions prevented us from seeing that this act added anything to the DIGNITY of the man, or the respect due to the Judge. But these are trifles, fit only to be laughed at, if we not see the same principle acting upon our interests in the appropriation of the resources of the Colony. We have spoken of the wooden jetty—now we had just witnessed the annoyance and inconvenience suffered by a party of respectable females in land- ing at the wooden jetty. When our attention was attracted by seeing a gang of six or eight sturdy fellows employed in dragging a roller over a beautiful piece of grass adjoining the grounds of government- house, we calculated how long those men would have taken to have made a comforta- ble landing place at the old jetty, and we found chat one-half of the labour bestowed on this beautiful ACRE, would, if applied at the old jetty have removed the present well-founded com- plaints against the Colonial Wharf. But true, we recollected that under the present system it was better then the wives and daughters of the “ Swinish Multitude” should suffer every inconvenience and immodest exposure, than that His Excellency’s cows should lose one ounce of green fodder which public labour could produce for the gratification of then aristocratic palates. Another striking in- stance of the contempt with which the interests and petitions of the “ Swinish Multitude” are regarded by our Colonial Aristocracy, ” occurred to us in the projected new line of road to, and through New Town. Now this road happens at present to be one of the best in Colony, ex- cepting that the stupid obstinacy of one of our late Military Civil Engineers selected the worst line he could find after a line utterly unobjectionable had been marked and surveyed, which last line we understood is now about to be made ; and here we have another instance of the sapient conduct of our rules. About three years ago, the present line was formed after all the objections to it were pointed out, not by the “ Swinish Multitude,” but by a Government Officer, though not one of the aristocracy : still road was made at a consider- able expense, and is now an excellent road, com- pared with any on the opposite side of the Der- went. But a new road must now be made, connecting the same extreme points to suit the fancy of the aristocracy : and to that road and the fencing of the allotments of the Public Officers and Derwent Bank Directors, will be appropriated that portion of the public labour which ought to be applied to making PASSABLE the road from Kangaroo Point to Richmond. It may be very pro- per that the “ Swinish Multitude” of settlers should plunge through mud up to the knees, and stum- ble over pitt falls and broken bridges, and at the risk of breaking their own necks and those of their cattle, while the public labour is applied to removing any little acclivity which might prevent the carriages of the aristocracy from rolling with becoming ease and dignity all around the highly distinguished metropolis. And another very im- portant consideration in favour of the SWAN’S TOWN road is that some of our great men will be enabled by means of a new double frontage through their suburban estates, to sell many high priced building lots much to their advantage and satisfaction. Such being the case, let none of the LOW FELLOWS OF SETTLERS complain, though they should kill their draught beasts, break their carts, and finally be ruined for want of a road to convey their produce to market ; let them go to jail. This is for the good of the country, for the gen- tlemen aristocracy will buy their farms and em- ploy them as overseers, it they behave themselves gratefully, and do not utter a single GRUNT on the occasion : their children, who have at present no right to be educated, may then be admitted into the Orphan School, and they themselves when no longer able to work for the aristocracy may receive an “AWMOUS” (alms) from the “ Benevolent Society.” Any one, who dares to complain of the bad state of the roads, let him remember that Mr. O’CONNOR has built two beautiful jetties for the steam beat, WHICH EVERY MAN VISITING THE COLONY CAN SEE WITH HIS OWN EYES, AS WELL AS THE SPLENDID NEW WHARF, which is a most magnificent memorial of Colonel ARTHUR’S administration—let them remember that the treasury is overflowing. And that therefore it is of no consequence that they have no roads, where by they can bring produce to the new wharf or to the steam boat jetties, and no money to improve their farms. Let them, there- fore, with one accord silence all grumbling, and unite in the praises of colonel ARTHUR and Mr. O’CONNOR—the survey department, and the caveat board—the legislative council, and all the aristocracy. Let them remember that if the survey office did not interpose such wholesome delays in the measuring of their farms, and the government to the issuing of the grants, that they would be borrowing money to save their lands from they hands of the sheriff, and thus prevent the great men of the land from laying out the savings of their salaries to the best advantage be- fore the day of reckoning arrives, when great men must become little men, and have nothing to dis- tinguish them from those whom they now treat with contempt, and no wonder that they should fancy any community contemptible where many of their own number could rise to offices of public trust or authority We are happy to hear that His Excel- lency intends to mark his approbation of the con- duct of Mr. GORDON’S three men, who assisted Mr. DODGE in making the fire to guide Captain GRIMWOOD to a place where he so completely succeeded in saving his ship and passengers from injury. It is to be regretted that the government have so frequently acted on a very opposite prin- ciple. Instance the wreck of the AELIA. When Mr. Gordon heard of this wreck, he hired boats and men to proceed to Wedge Bay, with constables to protect the vessel from plunder, and render what service they could. Mr. Gordon was that time Police Magistrate of the district, where the wreck happened, and in that capacity employed the boats and men to go to assist in saving the cargo and vessel, if possible. But, will you believe it reader ? When the account was sent in to the Government, certified by Mr. Gordon, the boat- men were told, that Mr. GORDON must pay them ; and HE DID PAY THEM OUT HIS OWN POCKET ! ! ! We wish we could get a sight of ALL THE ITEMS in the public accounts to compare what HAS been CHARGED to the public, with this charge THAT could not be approved. Extract of a letter from Canton, dated March 16, 1832, received via Isle of France, ad- dressed to Messrs. KEMP and Co., by Messrs. THOMAS DENT and Co. “ We shall not be able to provide a cargo of tea this season, owing to the whole of the teas, suited to your market, being brought up at very high prices for the American market. There are not two thousand chests of hyson-skins now in the market, and the price is quoted 22 to 24 tales. These high prices are owing to partial failure of the crop, and to reviving demand by the Ameri- cans.” So it is true, that the late entertain- ment at Government House, His Excellency had the wit to toast “ General Diet” in opposition to “ General Fast,” and that the band struck up “ O ! the Roast Beef of Old England.” MURDER.—It appears from the fol- lowing circumstance, that the murder of a man named Holloway, some time ago, near the Cata- ract, is at last about to be brought to justice. It may be recollected, says our informant, that a man named George Gardiner, and a women with whom he had some time cohabited named Mary Scales, went home from this port passengers in the PRINCESS AUGUSTA, Captain Hawkins, which sailed from London in May last. Shortly after their departure, however it appears they quar- relled, when the woman Scales disclosed to Capt. Hawkins, that the man Gardiner was the perpe- trator of the murder of a man named Holloway, somewhere in the vicinity of Launceston. Shortly after this declaration, Gardiner having by some means become acquainted therewith, he watched an opportunity of knocking out her brains, and immediately threw her overboard ! Captain Hawkins being short of his hands could not put back either to Sydney or this port, but put Gardi- ner on board a vessel lying of the Cape, bound to New South Wales, where he is in safe custody.— THE INDEPENDENT. MAGISTERIAL ANECDOTE.—As re- spects many of the newly-appointed Magistrates, disgust and indignation form the order of the day. Take for an instance the following :— A mere boy, name Thomas, recently called at Trafalgar, at the residence of Captain Barclay, and was introduced to the hospitable hostess, who exclaimed “ Oh ! child, so they tell me you have been made a Magistrate ! Well, well, you shan’t want for employment ; for I’ll take care that all the little fellows, who are caught stealing apples in the orchard, shall be brought before you !” 