TO THE RIGHT HONOURABLE LORD GODERICH, H..M. PRINCIPAL SE- CRETARY OF STATE FOR THE COLO- NIES, &c.; &c.; &c.; Hobart Town, July 30, 1832. MY LORD, I have the honor to address your Lord- ship, with a view of directing your attention to the contents of a new Jour- nal, which has been set on foot by the people of this Island, for the purpose of conveying to your Lordship, and to the other Members of the British Govern- ment and Legislature, a correct account of the state of this Colony, and of the interests of its inhabitants. The recent orders which have been is- sued from Downing-street, and the mea- sures which are said to be contemplated in England, relating to the affairs of the Colony, have convinced the people of this Island, that your Lordship, and your Colleagues in office, have been much de- ceived as relates to their affairs. For we are assured, that it is the anxious wish of His Majesty and his Ministers to adopt every measure that is calculated to promote the welfare, and ensure the hap- piness of every class of His Majesty’s subjects, in every part of the Empire. And, without supposing that deception and misrepresentation have been prac- tised upon your Lordship, it is impossible for us to reconcile our confidence in the existence of that wish, with the fact, that all the recent measures of Government, with regard, to this Colony, are calcu- lated effectually to defeat every wish for our improvement and prosperity. Your Lordship must be aware that cir- cumstanced as are the people of this Colony, it is impossible for us to be ac- quainted with the nature, and extent of the misrepresentations, by which your Lordship must have been mislead to the adoption of a course, calculated so inevit- ably to defeat the objects which you have in view ; and to impoverish and ruin this valuable, though remote, Dependency of the Empire. We can only judge of those misre- presentations, by the effect, which they appear to have produced in His Majesty’s Councils. It is therefore impossible for us to confine ourselves, to the facts and arguments necessary to refute them. To enable your Lordship to do us justice, we are compelled to lay before you, a very full account of the real circumstances of the Colony, to bring under your notice those acts of the Local Government, which are injurious to our welfare, or in- consistent with our rights as Britons. And clearly to shew the effects of the recent orders and regulations, issued from Downing-street, on the present interests, and future prospects of the Colony. To attain these objects, THE COLONIST newspaper has been established, under the patronage of the PEOPLE of this Colony, excepting persons immediately connected with the Local Government, and it is as the Editor of that which is really the People’s Journal, that I have the honour to address your Lordship. Coming before you in this character, it is not necessary for me to trouble your Lordship with any account of myself individually, for it is not my own individual grievances or representa- tions that are to be brought under your no- tice, either in the letters which I have the honour to address to you directly, or in the contents of this Journal, which is established for the advancement of the general interests of the Colony. In bringing private grievances under your notice, it might be necessary to make your Lordship acquainted with every par- ticular relating to the individual who ad- dressed you ; because it is generally un- derstood in this Country, that Colonel ARTHUR has succeeded in neutralizing and defeating the effect of every repre- sentation sent from the Colony, disap- proving of his measures, by his account of the character of the individuals who were the authors of those representations, and making it appear to your Lordship that they were actuated by factious bad mo- tives. But the character which is claim- ed by the Journal on the spot where it is published, renders any contraction of such anticipated misrepresentations, as regards the Conductor unnecessary, though it will be necessary to shew to you, that the Press of the Colony has hitherto, in a great measure, contributed to deceive Minis- ters, with regard to the real state of this Country ; and I shall have occasion to state to your Lordship, that the Press here has very frequently been in the hands of men, who, being under the sentence of the law, were not in a con- dition to represent the interests, or assert the rights of free subjects. These observations do not apply to THE COURIER newspaper, which is en- tirely conducted by a most respec- able individual, but necessarily the avowed defender of all the acts of the Local Government, that individual being the Government Printer. I, therefore, most respectfully assure your Lordship that THE COLONIST represents, no fac- tion nor party, and that, from its funda- mental principle, it never can be con- verted to the advancement of any pri- vate views, or the gratification of any personal feelings ; that the interests of the people, the whole people of Van Diemen’s Land, is the sole object to which the columns of THE COLONIST will be devoted. And as representing the interests of a whole, community the at- tention of your Lordship is confidently claimed to the facts which shall be brought under your notice in that Paper. They will be all published on the spot, before they are forwarded to your Lordship, so that the Local Government, through the Press which is under their controul, may contradict or refute any statement, put forth by THE COLONIST, which they can shew not to be founded in fact. And as I pledge myself, that nothing will be asserted as a fact, in the letters which I address to your Lordship, or in any editorial article marked with the initial R., which will not be proved to the complete satisfaction of your Lordship, if you will cause inquiry to be made on the spot from whence the statements originate. It will be im- possible otherwise for your Lordship, to do justice to the inhabitants of this remote Territory, in the absence of any acknowledged authority, to stand between the Local Executive Govern- ment, and the People. Precluded as we are, from all knowledge of the statements that may be sent to your Lordship, in reply to our complaints, which are all published, and widely circulated on the spot. All that is asked from your Lord ship, is your attention to the facts brought under your notice in THE COLONIST, and such enquiry as will give us a fair oppor- tunity of proving what we may assert. I beg to refer your Lordship to the leading article, in the first number of the Paper, dated July 6, for a more particular explanation of the circumstances, which called this Journal into being, and the principles on which it will be conducted. In the last page of the same number, your Lordship will find a report of the proceedings at the Quarter Sessions, which is worthy of your notice, as an example of the vexatious use which is made of the penal laws, by which the people of this Colony are oppressed — the case there referred to, being under one of the least objectionable clauses in our Tasmanian penal code. I beg your Lordship's attention to the subject of the leading article, in the second number, dated July 13. It will give you some slight information of the serious injury which the people are suffering, in con- sequence of the grants not being issued. This matter might have been placed in a much stronger light, but every person connected with THE COLONIST, is most anxious to avoid direct personal allusions, when such can be avoided, and, it is hoped, that enough has been said to shew your Lordship, the very serious injury which the non-delivery of the grants has inflicted on the people of this Island. In the same article allusion is made to certain cases of land being resumed by the Go- vernment. There is reason to believe that the case of Mr. HAMMOND’S land has been already before your Lordship, but similar cases of much greater hardship have occurred, wherein land has been sold and paid for, and afterwards resumed by the Government, and the purchaser being a bonâ fide occupier of the soil, was left without redress, the original grantee having left the Colony. These proceedings could not be made a fit subject of complaint, if they had been generally acted upon, but it is matter of public notoriety, that many of the Public Officers traffic open- ly in land, on which none of the condi- tions have teen fulfilled ; and there never has been any instance of land being resumed, where any of those gentlemen were parties, whether as purchasers or venders of land ! In many cases very expensive grants have been made to Go- vernment Officers, who, it was well known, had neither means nor inclina- tion to occupy the land, but instantly sold it, while most limited grants have been given, and sometimes NONE AT ALL, to men with large families, living on farms, and entirely occupied in improving the soil ! ! ! These facts are notorious in the Colony ; and should they be denied by any person, on behalf of the Local Go- vernment, when this letter is published, as it will be in the next number of THE COLONIST, a list of cases will be imme- diately published, with the names of the parties, and every other particular. Your Lordship will be pleased to con- sider the article in the same Paper, re- lating to the appointment of Commis- sioners, to decide upon the disputed claims to the Title Deeds of land ; and you will observe, that this is the only step that has yet been taken towards is- suing the grants. And though it is now the third week since this commission has been announced, and the ruin of families is still going on, the Public have heard of nothing that has been done since in the matter, excepting the appointment of a clerk to those Commissioners, at a salary, it is said, of £250 a-year. It is impossi- ble for any person to comprehend the ne- cessity that existed for the creation of those new offices. And if such a neces- sity had existed, there is but one opinion as to the impropriety of the selection.— The state of the Survey Department has long been the ground of general com- plaint, and has been productive of most serious injury to those who have received land from Colonel ARTHUR ; and it is generally believed, that the delay of the Surveyors, in measuring the land, and of the Governor, in issuing the grants, have some mysterious connection. It is a re- markable fact, that one of the District Surveyors should, for the last eighteen months, have been employed in mea- suring the OLD GRANTS, which had been re- gularly granted and measured long before Colonel ARTHUR came to the Colony— while, by far the greater part of the land given by His Excellency remains un- measured ! The number of Officers em- ployed in this department, and the enor- mous expense which it costs the Govern- ment, is matter of astonishment to the Colonists here, even when compared with the other numerous and expensive estab- lishments of Colonel ARTHUR’S admi- nistration. Though complaints are in- numerable from most of the districts against the District Surveyors, and their idleness and inattention to duty has be- come a common subject of ridicule, it is remarkable that Mr. FRANKLAND, as far as is known to the Public, never visits his out-stations, nor takes any part of field duty, though he is allowed forage for two or three horses, from whence the Public suppose, that he is expected to be ac- tively employed, OCCASIONALLY, at least. Yet this gentleman, with the Deputy Sur- veyor, Captain BOYD, and a number of clerks, are continually employed in the office, and they are said to be so fully occu- pied, that their office correspondence, is continually in arrear. Indeed, my Lord, it appears to the Public, that the whole time of the gentlemen in this office is oc- cupied in useless correspondence, arising out of their own blunders, or the general neglect of the department. Yet the head of this department, whose name is ————— by the people, in consequence of the injuries which they are sustaining through the mismanagement of the ex- travagantly expensive department under his charge, is the person selected to de- cide upon disputed claims, a very great proportion of which will arise out of his own blunders ! And it will appear strange to your Lordship, that out of the vast number of Public Officers employed in Hobart Town, including the Master of the Supreme Court, the Attorney and Solicitor General, no one could be found competent to be joined with the Sur- veyor General in this commission, without bringing one of the District Police Magistrates, from his duties in the interior. Your Lordship will be pleased to observe, that neither of those gentlemen profess to have acquaintance with the law, which would qualify them to decide upon any legal point that may arise. ln each of the four numbers of THE COLONIST, forwarded herewith, your Lord- ship will find allusions made to the bad state of the roads throughout the Colony, and the misapplication of the public labour, and waste of the public money. It is impossible for me to furnish your Lordship with farther particulars in this letter, as the ship which conveys it, is now under way. But if inquiry is in- stituted in the Colony, I pledge myself, in the name of the Colonists, before any commission appointed by the King, or Parliament, or a Legislative Assembly elected by the people here to prove a totally useless waste of the public money, to the amount of £70,000. Connected with this waste or misapplication, and with the very bad state of the roads, I beg your Lordship’s attention to the fact, that the roads and bridges have been under the management, or rather mismanage- ment, of a Mr. RODERICK O’CONNOR, whose qualifications for the duty remain to be discovered — while the state of the roads, and waste of labour on useless, im- practicable, or unnecessary works, speak loudIy of his disqualification ; and while this individual is thus mischievously em- ployed, there is a gentleman in the Colony, and in the public service, ap- pointed by the King, Mr. JOHN LEE ARCHER, Civil Engineer for the Co- lony, who is in every way qualified for the duties of such an office. Yet this gentleman has never been permit- ted to interfere in that branch of the public service, which he was appointed to conduct ; and wherein his services are most urgently required by the Colony. It is most desirable that the attention of your Lordship should be drawn to the condition of the poor old Pensioners, who have been under some strange delu- sion sent out to this Colony ; they are, with a few exceptions, a useless burthen to the Colony, and unable to do any good for themselves some of them are already begging from door to door ! ! ! The state of Exchange here, arising from the cruel measure of abstracting our Colonial revenue, for British purposes, requires the IMMEDIATE consideration of your Lordship, as you have any wish to save the Colony from total ruin. I have no doubt of being able in my future letters, to which this is merely an introduction, to convince your Lordship, that the sale of crown lands is the most impolitic measure that could have been adopted, both as regards the Colony, and the Mother Country, and that a most important saving to the Mother Country, and incalculable advantage to the Colony, would accrue by placing not only our Colonial affairs, but the control of the convict labour, and expenditure, in the hands of an Elective Legislature, on the principles of the British Constitution.— I have the honour, to be, my Lord, your very obedient, humble servant, GILBERT ROBERTSON. ================== To shew the spirit which now pervades the Colony, and the anxiety that exists to bring our situation fully under the consi- deration of the Home Government, we print the annexed Letter, which one of the LEGION has addressed to Colonel BRADLEY. We hear that several very interesting letters have been addressed by the Colonel to an individual in the Colony. They would be a treat to cer- tain persons, if published ; but we un- derstand that they are rather too highly seasoned for the public palate :— To COLONEL BRADLEY, UNITED SERVICE CLUB, LONDON. Sir, — Considering you as a fellow suf- ferer, whose misfortunes have had the same origin as the evils which press so heavily on the people of this Colony, several respectable persons here have requested me to forward to you a copy of THE COLONIST Newspaper, which will be regularly continued. From the state- ments which you will there find, you will see that many persons in this Island have, from their own experience, abundant rea- son to sympathize with you on account of the wrongs inflicted upon you ; and, as it is expected that a recollection of your own wrongs will excite in your mind a reciprocal sympathy for the people here, it is requested and confidently expected, that you will take an interest in the affairs of the sufferers, and assist them in obtain- ing redress, by bringing the statements in THE COLONIST newspaper, under the notice of the Noble Lord who acted as your Counsel, when you sought from the laws of your country redress for the oppression which you was made to feel. THE COLONIST, in its progress, will furnish you with many cases in principle, corres- ponding with your own, though probably not equal to yours in hardship. — I have the honour to be, Sir, your very obedient servant, ............ ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ . ⁕ ======= We already begin, to rejoice in the as- surance that our labours, in the service of our country, are working the desired effect in this Colony. Men now begin to express their sentiments of “ the Powers that be,” and the Press ; the whole Press of the Island is going along with THE COLONIST, in proclaiming the wrongs of the people. The COURIER has most ably attacked the system of mis- representation, and its effects. Much do we regret to see the learned and able Editor of that Journal shackled, and in some degree gagged by his connection with the Government. What an able Advocate the PEOPLE would find in him, if we may judge from the leading articles in the two last numbers of his Journal. The COLONIAL TIMES has shewn, a con- siderable degree of talent in the last two numbers, and speaks boldly enough on the right side, in some passages ; but it cannot conceal the CLOVEN HOOF— we have completely detected it in the last number, and have dissected it for the instruction of our readers, but we cannot lay it before them this week. But the leading article in the Launceston INDE- PENDENT of this week far surpasses any- thing that we or any of our Contem- poraries have yet attempted ; though we certainly take to ourselves the merit of having drawn forth this able advocate of the people’s rights ; we recommend it to the serious attention of all our readers. We should have reprinted the whole of that article as being far superior to any- thing of our own writing on this all-im- portant subject, if we had received it earlier. But as the next best thing we could do with it, we forwarded it by the WAVE, with a note to Lord GODERICH. We entirely coincide with every senti- ment which it breathes, and we believe that they are the sentiments of every man in the Island. It will be an important matter for the interests of the people, if the writer will make it his business to at- tend the Public Meeting on the 13th ; for it cannot be denied, that we are rather scarce of men who are able to give ut- terance, in public, to their opinions, however correctly they may think. Be- sides, it is of great consequence that some of our Cornwall friends should attend and join, and advise with us on the great work in hand. We would re- commend that the meeting on the 13th, should merely discuss the matter, and pass the resolutions on which the petition is to be founded, leading the framing of the petition to a Committee of twenty Gentlemen, giving those Gentlemen in- structions to watch over the interest of the Colony, as regards the objects of the petition, until they have occa- sion to call another Public Meeting, or until the arrival of the King’s gracious reply. With reference to the appointment of the persons who are to form this Committee, the attendance of some leading men from Cornwall, is al- most indispensable at the Public Meeting. ======== We have at length the list of the new Justices before the Public, and it is truly so much in keep- ing with the rest of the system, that we think it unnecessary to offer any comments upon the names which it contains. We wish Colonel ARTHUR could be made to feel, as we felt, when we had once to submit to the degradation of appearing before Mr. MASON, in his Magisterial capacity. He would then probably save respectable and intell- gent men, advanced in life, the pain of having to defend their rights, or answer complaints before ignorant, presumptuous BOYS ! His Excellency cannot know the bitterness of the public feeling on this point, or, as a man, he would pay some little respect to the feelings of MEN ! ! ! It must be our endeavour, as the Advocate of the People, to make His Excellency FEEL a touch of that which he has so liberally inflicted upon others. Nothing can more clearly demonstrate the public opinion, with regard to the appointment of certain indivi- duals to the Commission of the Peace, than that so many respectable Gentlemen should have de- clined the honour. We are not a little pleased to find that we were correct, in the opinion which we expressed last week, on the report that Captain WILSON had declined the honour of a seat on the Bench. We knew that Captain WILSON had too great a regard for the interests of his fellow Merchants to decline the honourable duty re- quired of him ; and we have no doubt that he will become as distinguished on the Bench as he already is on Change, and in the counting-house. It ap- pears that Mr. DUNN and Mr. WALKER have taken a different view of the matter, and think with Cato, “ that the private station is the post of honour.” There is a strange report afloat that Mr. A. HORNE is to be Police Magistrate at Brighton, and that Mr. ROPER is going to Circular Head ! ! ! We really do not know Mr. Horne, but we shall make ourselves well acquainted with the facts of all these little snug arrangements, before we will write to Lord GODERICH. The appointments which have been made, and offices called into existence within the last few weeks, accord ill with the im- poverished state of the Colony. The proceedings of our Government call to our recollection the History of the Spendthrift, in the novel “ Ce- cilia,” at the close of his career. It is a delightful and pleasing reflection, to every man of a liberal mind, to contemplate the march of intellect within the few last years ; and more particularly since the erection of those store- houses of knowledge, the Mechanics’ Institutions. The principles of universal benevolence are gra- adually expending and by degrees, arbitrary go- vernments and sanguinary law are disappearing ; and the grand secret is at length felt and acknow- ledged over a large portion of Europe, “ that Kings reign by the love and affection of the Peo- ple, and not by the terror of the law.” Could ERSKINE, FOX, and the good DEAN of ST. ASAPH, have witnessed the present day, and seen the Tory Doctrines of Lord MANSFIELD, and the Judges with him, publicly repudiated, and the law of libel made consistent with com- mon sense, it would have been a great satisfaction to these enlightened men to have known, that they had not laboured in vain. We are led to these remarks, on perusing several articles in the English papers of December and January last, and rejoice to find that the general feeling is decidedly against the Law of Libel, as it has been too long established, and there is now no doubt that it is ere this altered. If the observations which we have extracted below from the SCOTSMAN of Feb.1832, are well founded in England, and under an English Go- vernment, and with a British Press, how powerful- ly would they apply to the Colonies where the JUDGE IS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE GOVERNMENT. We make this observation as a general one, without any particular allusion but, protesting against the unconstitutional act of a singIe Judge being mixed up with the Executive, it must in principle apply with peculiar force in this Colony. The following is the extract alluded to :— “ M. PERIER, who has been in a state of per- petual warfare with the Press, and generally the losing party, obtained a conviction a few days ago against M. GENOUDE, the Editor of the Gazette de France. M. Genoude’s standing theme is, that HENRY the FIFTH (our little neighbour the Duke of BOUDEAUX), is the rightful King of France, and LOUIS PHILLIP a Usurper. Covertly or openly, something like this is published by the Journalist almost daily. Such statements are re- garded as serious offences even by old Govern- ments, who sit in full security, and to new ones they are of course doubly dangerous, M. Genoude is a man of talent, the editor of a very influential daily journal. The charge against him was of this nature — exciting hatred and contempt of the Go- vernment. He was convicted by a jury, and what was his punishment ? One month’s imprison- ment, and a fine of twenty pounds ! ! ! Compare this with the infamous sentences pronounced by our Courts not many years ago, for crimes of the same technical description, committed against an old and strong Government, that had not half as much reason to feel sensitive to attacks ! Mild punishments for political offences are the grand characteristic of free Governments— it is a truth America bears witness to ; and in nothing is the hateful tyranny exercised over us for the last forty years more manifest, than in the stern and barbar- ous decisions of our Courts of Justice in cases of sedition and libel. Even now when a better spirit prevails, how merciful is the sentence of M. GENOUDE compared with that pronounced on the Dundee rioters for a lighter offence ? When Re- form is carried, what a field is open for improve- ment, in purging our criminal code of its inhu- manity ? How different will our laws be — how different, too, the spirit of our courts, thirty years hence ?” =========== It will afford our readers in the Colony much pleasure to learn, that their old friend, the Rev. ROBERT KNOPWOOD, M. A. is now in a condition to avail himself of the promise made to him of being allowed to REDEEM his favourite cottage re- sidence, near the new jetty. We know that the old Gentleman’s removal from this spot was at- tended with severe mental sufferings ; and the description of his departure from his little cot, as related to us by one of his friends, who met him as he came forth in silent sorrow, would touch the hardest heart. When we see Mr. KNOPWOOD re- instated in the cottage, which he so long occu- pied, and which he erected at his own sole cost, without any assistance from the public labour, we shall take an opportunity to make ample amends for the remarks which have appeared in our Jour- nal, conveying insinuations, that the new wharf had for its object the improvement in value of Colonel ARTHUR’S private property, more than the accommodation of the Public. Nothing can so effectually vindicate the purity of His Excel- lency’s motives, as the restoration of this property to the old Gentleman, to whom it originally be- longed, and whose necessities have compelled him for a time, to be under obligations to His Ex- cellency, for the means of preserving his property from absolute irrevocable alienation. Indeed, we have frequently heard that His Excellency never had any desire to become possessed of landed pro- perty in the Island ; and that he was led into the several purchases which he has made, entirely by the benevolent wish to serve the persons whose property would otherwise have been sacrificed. There cannot be a clearer proof of the purity of His Excellency’s motives, than allowing Mr. KNOPWOOD to enjoy the benefit of the increased value of his little cottage and grounds, merely upon re-paying the absolute outlay and interest thereon. How effectually this must silence every person who has accused His Excellency of self- interested motives. ========== On Saturday last, we were invited to meet the Post Office Committee, on the subject of the several complaints, against the irregular delivery of letters and newspapers. We were much pleased with the obliging manner in which those gentlemen enquired into our complaints, and what we could suggest to remedy the incon- veniences attending the new system. We had no complaints to make, for none had reached us on the subject of non-delivery of our papers, but we offered such suggestions as occurred to us, and we were much gratified by the manner in which they were received. The Committee requested that we should communicate anything that might hereafter occur to us as an improvement, and their complaints and suggestions, would meet with immediate attention, if forwarded direct to the Post Office Committee, Audit Office. This Committee perform their labours gratuitous- ly, and appear most anxious to give general satis- faction. They will remove any cause of well-found- ed complaint, but they cannot promise to answer every letter that is addressed to them. On Saturday night, a fire broke out in the premises of Mr Cartwright, which did very considerable damage before it could be ex- tinguished. The Fire Engine did not arrive for a considerable time, and when it did come was found to be very much out of working order. The scarcity of water (which was obtained from the Gaol, the Derwent Bank, and Mr. Rowland's well, in buckets) was very much felt on this occa- sion. We would suggest to the Authorities that the Fire Engine should be kept in some building adjoining the Guard-house, which could be ac- cessible at any moment, now that the danger from fire is increasing, in consequence of the buildings becoming very close in many parts of the Town. It would be necessary to have a set of men ap- pointed to take charge of the Engine, and prove it every week. Three at least, of those men ought to be constantly at the station, where the Engine is kept, ready to act on a moment's notice. These matters will be much better arranged, as will every thing connected with the public in- terests, when the people are allowed to have the management of their own affairs. We think it is a great hardship that masters of vessels, who pay such heavy Pilotages, dues, permissions to trade, &c.; should be com- pelled to have their boats laden with Merchan- dize, kept waiting at the present miserable old Jetty, one, and sometimes two hour, without being able to discharge, because a long-boat from some prison ship, is alongside discharging old beds, blankets, &c.;, when in fact ought to undergo quarantine. We would ask, who pays the wharfage, amounting to about £1,800 per annum ? Let the Public answer this, and then it will soon be seen who ought to have the accommodation. In consequence of other engagements, we were compelled to leave to a friend, the charge of attending to the printing of our letter to Lord GODERICH ; we find that he has taken the liberty of making more improvements in it, than is strictly consistent with the character of a literal copy. We think it necessary to state this, to account for any difference that may strike our readers in England, where a literal copy will be published, but the difference does not amount to ten lines in the whole letter, and the sense is in no wise altered. We congratulate our Richmond readers, on the arrangement for having a boat ready to start from the Jetty, as soon as the mail is despatched, by which they may get their letters fourteen hours sooner. We have great pleasure in inserting, as original Correspondence, the following, which was sent as an advertisement :— Macquarie-street, August 2, 1832. SIR, — Observing in the COLONIAL TIMES of Tuesday last, a paragraph attributing to my pre- sumed friends, an unnecessary destruction of my property at the fire, on Saturday last, I feel myself bound, publicly, to express my thanks to all those who kindly rendered me assistance on that occasion. In the confusion it was impossible to recognize ALL ; but to several whose conduct I observed, I have already personally expressed my acknow- ledgements. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant, GEORGE CARTWRIGHT. To the Editor of The Colonist. The WATERLOO, from Liverpool, with pensioners and other passengers, is on shore in the river. Further particulars in our next. The SYDNEY HERALD states that Mr. POTTER MACQUEEN, M. P., is on his way to New South Wales. The Lord Chancellor lately gave his decision in the case of Selby ʋ. Selby ; and ordered the sum in dispute to be paid by a certain day, and the interest up to the DAY OF JUDGEMENT ! DON MIGUEL has raised a new regiment, which he has named the 1st and 2d Regiment of Death, because we suppose Sin was their parent. Mr. Sergeant RUSSELL has been appointed Chief Justice of Bengal, upon the resignation of Sir Charles Grey. The Rev. Daniel Wilson is appointed Bishop of Calcutta. ———————— In “ THE SUN,” we find a notice in the first number of “ TAIT’S MAGAZINE,” published in Edinburgh. We give the following, as a specimen of the whole article :— The definition of a Tory is hit off to the life :— “ We pity a man for being a Tory in these times. He is a poor creature that the march of events has left behind a duck-legged drummer-boy, who cannot keep up with his regiment. He is a being of a by-gone age, singing an old song— telling a forgotten tale ; his mind is hung with cob-webs ; he is the preter-pluperfect tense of politics, an extract from the lumber-room where we have thrown our ghosts, witches, and alchemists. The “ REVOLUTION” is a well written paper, so far as mere style goes, but we could have dis- pensed with the long story about the first French revolution ; such hacknied nursery tales, should be left to Lord Eldon, to sing his great grandson to sleep with. “ THE MARTINET” is a sprightly sketch of an antiquated Dandy, evidently in imitation of Leigh Hunt. Its fault is that it generalizes too much. We dislike all generalities whether they come before us in the shape of dinner invitations, or literary criticisms. To generalize in writing, is to confess that one knows nothing of one’s sub- ject. “The Ventilators, a Tale of the last Ses- sion,” is agreeable enough, though somewhat too long. “An Essay on Kissing” is a ticklish sub- ject, and one that we approach with fear and trembling. It is penned, too much in a theoretical spirit. A little practice would have given bolder wings to the writer’s fancy, and tipped his lips with more fire than at present they seem to possess. To write something readable on kissing, a man, like OTHELLO, should himself have kissed, “ not wisely, but too well.” He should have lived for months under the nervous apprehension of an “ ORDER OF AFFILIATION,”' which is not the case with the present writer, who philosophizes about kiss- ing, as though it were less an affair of inflamma- tion, than one of the Fine Arts. We once saw an old French officer, with a face grimed with snuff, and innocent of soap, kiss a young Englishman who had just been, delivered of a good joke which mightily tickled the veteran’s fancy. The exhibi- tion was far from agreeable, and occasioned a re- vulsion in our inner Adam, closely approximating to nausea. So much for kissing. “ A Lawyer’s Dream” is passable, but to be in character, he should have been made to dream of the devil. “ Stat of the West Country” is a masterly article, well-timed and well expressed. We subjoin an extract, with which we must conclude our notice, and which we hope will be read with attention by those among the Peers who still continue refrac- tory on the question of Reform :— “ Throughout the West of Scotland,” says the writer of this article, “ nearly the whole of the middle, and a very great portion of the upper, are cordially united with the labouring classes of society, in the determination to see the measure of Reform proposed by Earl Grey’s administration, carried into effect. To accomplish this they are prepared to quail at no danger, to shrink from no responsibility ; aware that if it fail, consequences must ensue infinitely more dreadful than any that can result from even over strained efforts to ensure its success. It is certain, that in the event of the present Reform Bill again miscarrying in the House of Lords, either through the intrigues of faction, or the over-delicacy by Earl Grey, on the creating new Peers, we should have in the West, a general movement of a very formidable nature, tacitly approved of and supported, if not openly and actively participated in, by at least nine- tenths, of the whole population. The organization of such a movement is complete. The great towns, such as Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock, have their Trades Unions, Political Unions, or Reform Associations, each perfectly aware of whatever the others are about, and ready to co-operate, whenever circumstances may call upon them. There are, moreover, either existing independently, or in con- nection with these, innumerable, minor Unions in every village and district throughout this densely peopled tract, whose aptitude, organization, and fearless alacrity, may be best illustrated by a refer- ence to the admirable order of the immense numbers, which have lately attended the various processions, got up from time to time at different points, either to do honour to his Majesty , or to distinguish the more important crisis in the pro- gress of Reform. The rapidity with which com- munications circulate among these bodies, and the electric speed with which, on any emergency, a whole district could be made, as it were,to spring at once upon its feet, may be inferred from the fact that, on any occasion when news is anxiously expected, the villages and districts remote from a post-office station, employ runners to wait the arrival of the mail at the nearest points ; by this means obtaining intelligence almost as speedily as a mail driving directly to their respective localities could bring it. Nor should it here pass unnoticed that, within Glasgow and its immediate vicinity, a body of 30,000 men perfectly organized, and by no means disposed to take fright at their own or other people's shadows, could be gathered together— if not ‘ in heavy matching order,’ at least in some- thing like it—in the very short space of nine or ten hours ! Those who may feel inclined to question this assertion, will do well never to give occasion for proving its accuracy. —————— The declaimers against all redress of grievances— the haters of all attempts to improve or amend our institutions — the maligners of the PEOPLE of all ages and countries— and the foul bepraisers of the few for opposing the many, would do well to read and, reading, to reflect upon—some short sentences which, in a translated form, we now present to them. The originals are French ; but be not alarmed, gentle oligarch—they come not from the pen of Jacobin or revolutionist, from propagandist or conspirator. They tell us that the objects of a faction are selfish, and exclu- sive, but that the object of a people, is the attain- ment of some common and comprehensive good : such are the lessons inculcated by these following passages. The preceptor is of no upstart school or sect : he is no other than a Minister of HENRY IV. of France — the wise and virtuous SULLY. “ In fact, under whatever idea of inconstancy and inconsideration some persons may choose to represent the people. I have found by experience that they frequently embrace certain views which, it must be confessed, they pursue hotly or rather, perhaps, with fury ; but that those views have always for their object a common interest, or one of a certain generality at least, and never an in- terest purely private, like those interests which en- gage the passions, and towards the advancement of which the exertions of an individual or of a small number of individuals, are directed. I will even make bold to say that, upon this point, the least FALLIBLE JUDGE is the VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.” — MEM. DE SULLY, vol. 3, p. 173, French edition, 1814. “ A man who believes that he owes all his elevation to virtue, is ashamed to be obliged to associate with that virtue any other means un- worthy of it ; put nevertheless, he finds, on a thousand occasions, that if CHANCE and INDUSTRY do not lend the hand to virtue, virtue alone has not power enough to save him from the hatred, nor even from the contempt of the public.” — Vol. 4, p. 37. 