Select Poetry. JOHN DAY. A PATHETIC BALLAD. (From Hood's Comic Annual for 1832.) "A Day after the fair."--OLD PROVERB. John Day he was the biggest man Of all the coachman-kind, With back too broad to be conceived By any narrow mind. The very horses knew his weight When he was in the rear, And wish'd his box a Christmas-box, To come but once a-year. Alas! against the shafts of love, What armour can avail? Soon Cupid sent an arrow through His scarlet coat of mail. The bar-maid of the Crown he loved, From whom he never ranged; For though he changed his horses there, His love he never changed. He thought her fairest of all fares, So fondly love prefers; And often, among twelve outsides, Deemed no outside like her's. One day, as she was sitting down Beside the porter-pump-- He came, and knelt with all his fat, And made an offer plump. Said she, 'My taste will never learn To like so huge a man; So I must beg you will come here As little as you can.' But still he stoutly urged his suit, With vows, and, sighs, and tears, Yet could not pierce her heart, although He drove the Dart for years. In vain he wooed, in vain he sued; The maid was cold and proud, And sent him off to Coventry While on his way to Stroud. He fretted all the way to Stroud, And thence all back to town; The course of love was never smooth-- So his went up and down. At last her coldness made him pine To merely bones and skin; But still he loved like one resolved To love through thick and thin. 'Oh, Mary! view my wasted back, And see my dwindled calf; Though I have never had a wife, I've lost my better half.' Alas! in vain he still assail'd, Her heart withstood the dint; Though he had carried sixteen stone, He could not move a flint. Worn out, at last he made a vow To break his being's link; For he was so reduced in size, At nothing he could shrink. Now some will talk in water's praise, And waste a deal of breath; But John, though he drank nothing else, He drank himself to death. The cruel maid that caused his love, Found out the fatal close; For looking in the butt, she saw The butt-end of his woes. Some say his spirit haunts the Crown-- But that is only talk; For, after riding all his life, His ghost objects to walk. THE RHODUM SYDUS. (From "the Comic Offering.") In Bath there formerly prevailed a taste On flowers with learned names large sums to waste; And (though no florist) every person tried With queer-named novelties to be supplied. Miss B. a visit to a gard'ner paid, Who scarce and costly plants for sale displayed; And soon a little flower attracts her view, As being rather pretty, and quite new. "That is a novel flower!" Miss D. exclaimed: "I'll buy it, if 'tis not too simply named.'' "That is the Rhodum Sydus," said the man.-- "Send it to me directly if you can!" Exclaimed Miss B.--then home direct she hies: Her morning visiters, with jealous eyes, Look at the Rhodum Sydus in full bloom, Envy her luck, and sulky leave the room. So to the gardener fly--"Good Sir, provide us With plants, in blossom, of the Rhodum Sydus!" Others in triumph cry, "None can abide us, Because we've purchased plants of Rhodum Sydus!" While some in tears exclaim, "Do not deride us, But we cannot procure a Rhodum Sydus!" At length a botanist, who felt some shame That he had never heard this wonderous name, Went to the gardener, saying, "Let me see What plant this Rhodum Sydus famed may be." The man in triumph straight a blossom brought, But by the botanist at length he's caught, Who said, "With me your tricks will not succeed; Your grand exotic is--a road-side weed!" The gardener, in deception thus detected, Said humbly, "'Sir, 'tis just as you've suspected! Each day, in vain, the ladies hither came, Asking for something new, with lengthy name: I found that plant along the road beside us, And hence I christened it a Road-um Side-us!" 