JIomtetfr IntellIg geie. LarT .on n',onyan.] PPoLIcE' INcIDEiNT, FRIDAY.-- rilliam Gray, a free man, was placed at the bar to' account for having sundry property in his possession belonging to * * * * The constable who apprehended him stated, that 'he was passing down York :street, when 'he heard. a crhsh'as of some thing breaking. He crossed over to the place where the prisoner was sitting on the step. of a door with a writing-desk (produced in Court) between .his legs, from which he was taking. out papers, &c.; The const,tble upon questioning the :pri soner as to what he' was' doing was in formed by him, that he had seen the papers lying about the street, and from their white appearance had taken them for a woman, and that he had crossed over to assist her, when he found 'the desk in question! The constable on .examining his person, found a case of mathematical instruments secreted between 'his shirt and his skin. Accordingly, lie took him and the property into custody. Mlr. De Backer, of .Prince-street, identified the desk and property as his, and stated, that it must have been stolen from his resi dence in. Prince-street, where he hac .left it yesterday quite safe. Case . remanded for fiurther examination. The seamen 'belonging to the Burrell. (re ported, yesterday) were placed at,the bar for u'final examination. The Chief mate of the Burrell deposed, that the prisoners refused to do their duity. and were otherwise mutinous. The Bench having questioned the men severally, whether -they would return to their duty and behave themselves ? they promised they would. They were accordingly discharged and forwarded on board with an admonition, that if they were again brought, up, the full penalty of the law would be put in force against them. (We cannot but consider this leniency highly out of place, acid very dishotrous.to the success of the Burrcll. ED.) I'jlrardKennedy was next placed at the bar; and the ,';idence (taken dcown in several cases of highwvay ,'bberies on the roads) being read over him, io wmi . fully committed for three several robberies; ,Q wit, one on Mr. J. J. Mpore, on the Cobran:ptt~ road. one on eorge Stephens, servant 'to Dr. attorhn, on the Liverpool road, and ono on Patrick and '13ridgett Neville, on the Liverpool' ro.:'l Mr. M'Donnld has retircd'frgm busfness to enjoy the frjiits of his industry, and steady nttentiin tQ 1?sips esap i ae hise lVCi up. his establishmneit'in George-street, to MssxRs. Wilson and.Uther, who hqarry on1 the iron-monger hbuqint ps qq 14 ual. On Monday last, the 39th Regiment had a field day, in Hyde Park Race-course, preparatory to the regiment embarking for India; at half-past ten o'clock, the regiment marched to the Course, which was crowded with spectators, among whom were the ladies of the heads of the Colony, in carriages &c.; At eleven oclock, His Excellency the Governor, attended by the Brigade Major, and attended by his Aides de Camps, came to the ground, and was saluted by the regiment as he rode up. The regiment then marched round, in slow and quick time, and was put through the manual and platoon exercises, after which they performed several evolutions with great precision, and practised firing with blank cartridges, which was equally well executed. The regiment was dressed in new cloathing. We understand the Gov- ernor complimented Col. Lindesay, on the fine appearance of his regiment, and their excellent state of discipline. At half past twelve, they returned to the barracks, the band playing the 39th Regiment's March. The new colours (which were presented to the regiment some time back by the Governor,) ornamented with the various devices, emblematical of the nu- merous battles in which the regiment distinguished itself, were displayed on the occasion. •The Settlers at Maitland, are now much dissatisfied with the sitnation of the Township, they finding by repeated floods;, that the scite has been injudiciously chosen. In consequence, they are about to petition the Governor, that it may be removed to the'. opposite bank of the river, where the land lies higher. A gentleman who emigrated to this Co lony lately, from Van Dieman's Land, is erecting a Steam Engine at Maitland, which is to comprise a mill for grinding wheat, and dressing the flour ; and a saw ing-machine, for sawing timber. Cedar is still to be had at Hunter's River, and we may expect a supply of this article in future from Maitland. A Brewery is also establishing at Mait land; hieherto, the publicans and private families there have been supplied with this article from Sydney, the freight amounting to more than the Beer itself; if properly managed, the new establish ment will take the Newcastle and Maitland custom from the Sydney brewers. Mr. Levy is going to amuse the good people who attend his theatre with a plea sant show of ghosts and hobgoblins, as an opening piece.' Quere-- will it attract' audiences to his house, so well as the good Comedies, descriptive of the manners and customs of the Mother Country? It is. to be hoped, Mr. Levy will alter his mind, and give his supporters some play, that will at once amuse and instruct'the youth of the Colony. Mr. -Veightmati was admitted as' an Advocate of the 'Supreme Court,' on 'Sa turday last. Mr. Weightman has prac tised at Westminster, and promises to be an acquisition to our Sydney Bar. The Supreme Court will sit in Bonen, to-morrow 'His Honour .the. Chief Justice, (who, we are sorry to learn, has been labouring under' severe illness,) has signified,. that he will be able to take his seat on that day. Mr. Icely-s auction, produced very high prices ; the horses, which are of the best breed in the Colony, wete, many of them, knocked down at.between forty. and fifty guineas each.... On Tuesday, His Excellency the Gov- ernor, reviewed the detachment of the 39th Regiment at Parramatta; and inspec- ted their necessaries. The streets of Sydney are beginning to wear a better appearance than they exhi- bited for some time back. There are however several very dangerous passages which have, been growing worse, for the last five years, and which, .being in the cross. streets, have not yet been repaired. Erskine-street is one, which, from the earth having been swept away .by the rains from the base (which is of rock) has. left the street imnpassable for edris; owing to the projection of the rock. At the cor ner of Market and Clarence-streets, the government gangs were formerly em ployed to qjuarry. The quarry so formed has never been filled up a chasm is thus left which has occasioned many accidents. Mr. Watsford has commenced an Ageai cy for the conveyance of female servants from the Factory to assignees in Sydney. This will be a great convenience to the pebple of Sydney,the regulhtloins requiring a trusty person to be sent for woahen as signed to individuals. Mr. Sippe intends, shortly, to give a Concert, in his Saloon, Royal Hotel; Mr. S. has gone to considerable expence in fitting up his Saloon, which is the only room in the Colony, that is well adapted to Balls and Concerts. T'he land on the Surry Hilli, in the rear of Mr. Mackanness's property,. sold by Mr. Lyons, about a fortnight back, for £570, was little better than an Acre of land, instead of an Acre 'and a-half, as reported, By the late arrivals, the apparatus for elucidating the lectures on natural Philot6 phy, delivered by the Rev. 1fr. M'Garvie, at the Australiau College, has received the addition of an air-pump, and an electrical machine. Captain Williams of the 4th Regiment, has superseded Captain Forbes of the 39th, in the command of the Body Guard, and Mounted Police [ the latter gelitleman procceds with his regiment to India. His Excellency'. the Governor, preci ously to returning to Parramatta on Mon day cvening last. inspected the apparel and. accoritrcments of the 39th, in the barrack. yard, AIMCeAN GALLAWTIItY.-A New York ia ,-r ?ayl--'ithue Superinteculdot of th6 Aliburn etare orison atntes ii his report -" I have bn 4cr my care.about 450 male prisouers and nine femanlfc, and I would cheerfully urltldertake the care of an additional 450 tion to be'rid of the nie yomeyp I" "Whrt a savage ! The last of the bush-rangers who in fested the Liverpool and Parramatta-roads, has been captured, and identified by some of the parties' who were robbed. " The Male prisoners per John, were lan ded and forwarded to their several as signees, on Saturday last. Mr. Taylor, formerly of the York Hotel; has opened a Tavern at Waverly Crescent, for the entertainment of parties who may desire a pleasant walk and recreation in the Country.- Mr. Taylor is making a Cricket-ground and bowling-green at. his new Tavern, and iitends keeping a good supply of bats, bowls, and quoits, for the pleasure of his customers. Captain Biddulph proposes to take a trip to the Hawkesbury Races, if he can obtain a sufficient number of passengers to pay the expenses of his vessel. The sce nery of Broken Bay, we are told is, in many parts quite Appenine, and highly pic turesque. Wiseman's Ferry is perhaps the most beautiful spot in the known Co lony, while high projecting precipices on both sides the river, displaying all sorts of imposing and fantastic forms, come little short of the grandeur and originality of our Blue-mountain scenery. 'arnilies in Sydney for the sake .of three or four pounds, may be conveyed in safety,, and with the greatest personal comfort, in the Sophia Jane to our agricultural metropolis, and for which they will receive the follow ing valuable considerations : A short sea-voyage. A View of Broken-bay scenery. A view of the Hawkesbury-river and its hundreds of farms. A sight of Windsor and a pleasant walk in its environs. Attendance at the Races about to .be run there. " An enlargement of their knowledge of \- the agricultiire, 6f te Colony and its ge Siheral resources. 1 A stock of 'ideas to write a la 3an?j?eld, another description of" a Tour". for th Rev. Gentleman's forthcomiing Journal. 