"4 ' < W v 'says 'the' (.Fiomßlachwojd't Masaitne.)\ The following quiVupon Lord Leveson Gower s tragedy of a Catherine of Cleves," is inimitably goode 'Catherine of Cleves was a lady of rank She had lands, and fine houses, and cash in the bank : She had jewels and rings, 2 'And a thousand smart things, i I was lovely and young, at -- Willi a rather sharp tongue, , and she wedded a duke of high degree, with the star of the order of St. Esprit) v But the Duke de Guise i, . Was by many degree! t flier senior, and not very easy to please ; , 'Jle'd a sneer on his lip, and a scowl with his eye, 'And a frown on his brow and he looked like a G u Y So she took to intriguing With Monsieur St. Megrin, A young man of fashion, and figure, and worth, But with no great pretensions to fortune or birth He could sing, fence, and dance "With any man in France, And took his rapped with genteel nonchalance ; 'He smiled, and he flattered, and flirted with ease, And was very superior to Monseigneur de Guise. Now Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to know If the lady approved of his passion or no ; ' So, without more ado, He put on his surtout, yard went to a man with a beard like a Jew, One Signor Ruggiero, A cunning man near, be 'Could conjure, tell fortunes,andcalculato tides, perform tricks on the cards, and heaven knows what besides, "Bring back a strayed cow, silver ladies or spoon, And was thought to be thick with the man in (the moon. The sago took his stand with his wand in his hand, , drew a circle, then gave the dread word of command, Saying solemnly-" Presto '-hey, quick Cockie * forum !" When the Duchess immediately popped up before cm. Just then a conjunction of Venus and Mars, Or something peculiar above in the stars, Attracted the notice of Signor Ruggiero, Who bolted and left him alone with his hoary. Monsieur St. Megrin went down on his knees, ? And the Duchess shed tears large as marrows peas, When-fancy the shook! A loud double knock Made the lady cry, " Get up, you fool there's De Guise !" was his grace sure enough ; So Monsieur looking bluff, Structed by, with his hat on, and fingering his ruff ; "While, unseen by either away flew the dame ( 'J brough the opposite key-hole, the same way she -came ; But alack! and alas ! A mishap came to pass, in her hurry she somehow or other let fall A new silk bandana she'd worn as a shawl : She had used it for drying Her bright eyes while crying, , And blowing her nose as her beau talked-of "dying!" Now the Duke who had seen it so lately adorn her, And knew the great with the Crown in the comer. The instant he spied it smoked something amiss, And said, with some energy, " D- n it! what's . this?" He went home in a turn, And bounced into her room, . 'Crying, " So, ma'am, I find I've some cause to feel jealous. Look here There's a proof you ran after the fall * lows ' Newgate up that pen-if it's bad, choose a better and write as I dictate this moment a letter To Monsieur-you know who !" The lady looked blue ; But replied with much firmness, " Curse me if I do!" Then De Guise grasped her wrist With his great mutton fist And pinched it, and gave it so painful a twist, That his hard iron gauntlet the flesh went an inch in She didn't mind death, but she could not bear "pinching' So she sat down and wrote This polite little note of Dear Mister St. Megrin, The Chiefs of the League in Our house come to dine This evening at nine ; I shall soon after ten, /* Slip away from the men, 'And you'll find me up stairs in the drawing-room then. Come up the back way, or those impudent thieves, 'J he servants will see you Yours, < Catherine of Cleves." She directed, and sealed it, all pale as a ghost And De Guise put it into the twopenny post. St. Megrin had almost jumped out of his skin For joy, that day when the post came in He read the note through, Then began it anew, And thought it almost too good news to 99 true. Heclapp'don his bat, and a hood over the With a cloak to disguise him and make him look fat; So great his impatience, from half after four He was waiting till ten at De Guise's back door. When he heard the great clock of St. Genevieve chime, He ran up the back staircase six steps at a time, But had scarce made his bow He hardly knew how, When, alas and black ! There was no getting back, -over the drawing-room door was banged too with a whack. In vain be applied To the handle, and tried, Somebody or other bad look'd it outside ! And the Duchess in agony sobbed, " My poor chap, We are SCOTCH like a couple of rats in a trap !" , Now, the Duchess's page, About twelve years of age For so little a boy was uncommonly Sage 54 And just in the mark to their joy and amazement, Popp'd the gas lighter's ladder close under the t casement ; But all would not do Though St. Megrin got through. The window, below stood De Guise and his crew, And though never man was more brave than St. Magna, You fighting a score is extremely fatiguing ; He thrust carte and fierce Remarkably fierce, but not Beelzebub's self could their cuirasses pierce, While his doublet and hose, Being holiday clothes, j 'Were soon cut through and through from his knees to his nose ; j Still an old crooked sixpence the conjuror gave him From " pistol and sword was sufficient to save him, But when beat on briskness, That confounded De Guise Came behind with the roof LB that caused all this breeze. Whipped it tight round his neck, and, when back , wards held jerked him, The rest of the rascals j jumped on him and Burk'd him. The poor little page too himself got no quarter, but Was served the same way, , and was found the next day, With his heels in the air and his head in the water butt. Catherine of Cleves ' Koar'd " Murder !" and " Thieves ?" From the window above, , while they murdered her love, Till finding the rogues had accomplished his laugh i ter, She drank Prussic acid without any water, And died like a Duke-and-a-Duche¡>s's daughter ! MORAL. Take warning, ye fair, from this play of the Bard's, Aud joust go « here fortunes are told on, the cards ! [But Wear oWr of conjurors I-now total query N To "wish Mrs Williams," 2; folks like Ruggiero ; When alone in your rooms shut your door to, and r look it; > s s s Above all,' KEEP your itASDKEnctiiEr SAR IN your j rocKET ! r s' i 4 'Lost you too should stumble and Lord Leveson Gower, ho Bo called on-sad poet-to tell your sad story I A novel picture of Paris has lately appeared with the taking title of the Hundred and One. Its origin, as well as its subject, is interesting. It is a voluntary association of all the literary talent of France, for the benefit of an enterprising bookseller, whose affairs it seems, have fallen into the sere, since the commercial embarrassments following on the Revolution., A hundred and one authors of all ranks and political opinions, philosophers, academicians, journalists, deputies, poets, artists, have combined in this work to pass in review before us the humours, follies, and opinions of the French capital painted in colours gay or grave, sketchy or elaborate according to the manner or mood of the artist. A very amusing work, suitable to all tales, is the result, and, by the aid of the Foreign Quarterly Review, we are enabled to present the reader with a specimen sketch by Leon Guz law, an author of some celebrity in this species of writing VISIT TO THE MORGUE, AT PARIS. (The Morgue, we should premise, is an establishment in Paris for the reception of all persons found dead in the city or its environs. Thither it is the duty of the police to convey the bodies, where they are exposed in a hall open to the public for a stated time when, if not identified, and claimed, they are interred in a neighbouring cemetery " After describing the exterior, the Salle de Exposition, which is the only portion of the building, of course, with which the public are acquainted, the writer conducts us into the inner recesses of this house of death, the apartments of the superintendent. *" Al. Perrin is a little old man, who coughs incessantly. When I explained to him the object of my visit, he very politely offered to show me all the details of his administration, regretting much, as be said, that there was not so much variety as could be desired. But I will show you what I have be pleased to walk up.' " As we were climbing the narrow stairs, and he was informing me that his establishment was connected both with the prefecture and the police, with the one on account of the local expenses, with the other from its connexion with the public health, we were obliged to stand close against the wall to allow a troop of young girls to pass, well dressed, gay, but shivering with the cold, which blew from the river through the chink which lighted the stair. '" Those are four of my daughters. I have eight children. Francois, the keeper, has had four, and he has had the good fortune to get them all married. François is a kind father. " ' So,' said I, * twelve children then have been born in the Morgue. Dreams of joy, and conjugal endearments, and parental delights, have been experienced in this chamber of death. Marriage with its orange flowers, baptism with its black-robed sponsors, the communion and the embroidered veil, love, religion, virtue, have had their home here as elsewhere. God has sown the seeds of happiness every where " . Papa, we are going ton distribution of prizes. Aly sisters are sure to get a prize. Don't weary, we will be back in good time.' " Go my children, and all four embraced him. " I thought of the body of the little Norman in the dreary room beneath, and of the mother who even now, perhaps, was anxiously looking for her from the window. ' i " ' This is the apartment of Francois.' Francois did the honours with the activity of a man who is not ashamed of his establishment. His room is comfortably furnished ; two modern pendules mounted on bronze, a wardrobe-with a Alendusa's head, a high bed, and a handsome rose-coloured curtain. If the room was not overburdened with furniture, if there was not much of luxury, yet, to those not early accustomed to superfluities, it might even seem gay. It represented the wastes. opinions, and habits of its master. Vases of flowers threw a green reflection on the curtains, for Francois is fond of flowers. Among his gallery of portraits were those of Augereau and Kleber, both in long coats, leaning on immense sabres, with perous and powder. Napoleon is there (three times. " ' Look at these jars,' said Françcis, ' these are. sweetmeats of my wife's making ; she excels in sweetmeats.' 1 read upon them, . gooseberries of 1831.' We left Francois's apartment which forms the right wing of the Morgue while the clerk's house is on the left, and entered the cabinet of administration of Mr. Perrin. " If Francois is fond of flowers, M. Perrin has the same penchant for hydraulics and the camera ob- scars; he draws, he makes jets from the Seine, by an ingenious piece of machinery of his own inven- tion! while he was retouching his syphon, 1 asked permission to turn over the register, where suicides are ranged in two columns. " The fatal ' unknown' was the prevailing designation ; ' brought here at three in the morning, skull fractured, unknown ;' * brought at twelve at night, drowned under the Pont des Arts, cards in his pocket, unknowingly young woman, pregnant, crushed by a face at the corner of the Rue Mon- day, unknown ;'-' new born child found dead of cold at the gate of an hotel, unknown , " I said to Al. Perrin that he must weary here very much occasionally during the long nights of winter. H . No" replied be good humouredly, the children sing, we all work, François and I play at draughts or piquet; the worst of it is, we are sometimes interrupted; a knock comes, we must go' down, get a stone ready, undress the new comer and register him that spoils the game ; we forget to mark the points I " * And this is the way you generally. spend your evenings V-' Always, except when Frunçoishas to go to Yaugiiard at four o'clock : Then he must go to bed earlier. Perhaps you do not know that our be lying ground is at Yaugirard : as that burying' ground is not much in fashion, we have been allowed to retain our privilege of having a loss to ourselves' *' ' I understand it is a fief of the Morgue " ' You saw that chariot below near the entrance gate, in which the children were hiding themselves' at play, that is our hearse j " « And rich or poor, all must make use of your conveyance? If for instance a suicide is recognized, his relations or friends may reclaim him, take him home, and bestow the rites of sepulture on him at his own house?' " ' No, the Morgue does not give back what has been once deposited here. It allows the funeral ceremonies to be as pompous as they will, but they must all set out from hence ; one end of the procession perhaps is at Notre Dame, while the other is starting from the Morgue. The Archbishop of Paris may be there but Francois's place is fixed. It is the first a And the priests of Notre Dame, do they never make any difficulty about administering the funeral rites to your dead !' .. ' Never !' " ' Not even to the suicides!' " ' There are no suicides for Notre Dame ; one is drowned by accident, another killed by the bursting of a gun, a third has fallen from a scaffold. I invent the excuse, and the conscience of the priest accepts it. That's enough.' " So, thought I ! Notre Dame, which formerly witnessed the execution at the stake of sorcerers, alchemists, and gipsies on the Grand Place, has now no word of reprobation for the carcass of the * Several specimens have been ably translated in the Athenum. * t The bodies are stripped, and placed on sloping slabs of marble : above eyes are hung the clothes of the iLcuasod. suicide, once allowed to retentive; ground, or be devoured ' hybrids? Silo? Aleksandr bora what was his faith. The priest says mildly, ' Peace be with you" * , * , 1 " We walked down, and François opened the first room, that which contains the dresses ; habits of all shapes, all dimensions, hideously jumbled together; gaiters pinned to a sleeve, a shawl shading the neck of a coat; dresses of peasants, (workmen, carters and brewers' frocks, women's gowns, all faded, discoloured, shapeless, flap against each other in the current of air which entered through the windows, There is something here appalling in the sight and sound of these objects, soulless, bodies, yet moving as if they had life, and presenting the form without the flash. Your eye rests on a handkerchief, the property of some poor labourer, suddenly se! ed with the idea of an order, after some-day that he has wanted work. " Francois, who followed the direction of my eyes to see what impression the picture produced on me, sighed heavily. " ' Does 'it move you took' said I-' Are-you discontented with your lot- unhappy Not exactly ! But, Sir, formerly, you must know, the Crosses, after being six months exhibited, became a perquisite of ours we sold them. Now they talk of taking the dresses from us. "is reassured François as to the intention of government, and assured him there was no talk of taking away the dresses. " The second, roots, that which adjoins the pub [' the exhibition room, is appropriated for the dissec- tion of these, the mode of whose death appears to the police to be suspicious. Its only furniture is a marble table, on which the'diss-otions take place, and a shelf on which are placed several bottles of t chlorate. This room is immediately above the room of M. Perrin. The dissecting table above just on 1 swers to the girls' piano below. In this room, which I crossed rapidly to avoid as much as possible the sight of a body extended on the plank, I saw the little girl, who had been stifled the night before in the diligence ; she was a lovely child. The other figure was frightfully disfigured ; scarcely even would his mother have recognized him " There remained, only the public room ; it is narrow, ill aired ; ten or twelve block and sloping stones receive the suicides, who are placed on it almost in a state of nudity ; the places are seldom all occupied, except perhaps during a revolution. Then it is that the Morgue is recruited ; two more days of glory and immortality in July, and the plague had been in Paris. " ' It is true,' said M. Perrin, ' we worked hard during the three days, and we were allowed the use of two assistants. Corpses every where, within, without, at the gate, on the bank.' " ' And your girls V C " ' During these days they did not leave their apartment, nor looked out to the succession to the river ; besides, you are mistaken if you think the spectacle would have terrified them. Brought up here, they will walk at night without a light in front of the glass, which divides the corpses from the public, without trembling j we become accustomed to any thing.' " Methought I heard the poor children, so familiar with the idea of death, so accustomed to this domestic spectacle- of their existence, asking innocently of the strangers whom they visited, as one would ask where is your garden, your kitchen, or your cabinets where do you keep your dead here V " These were all the facts I could gather with regard to the establishment. I was opening the glass door to breathe the fresh air again, when the entrance of the crowd drove me back into the interior ; they were following able, on which lay a body, from which the water dripped in a long stream. From one of the hands which were closely clenched, the keeper detached a strip of coloured linen, and a fragment of lace. ' Ah I' said he let me look, 'as she !' " who is it r " The nurse who was here this morning ; the noise of the little Norman girl. Good ! they may be buried together.' And M. Perrin put on his spectacles, opened his register, and wrote in his best current-band-unhnoun '" 