SALARIES. (From the Times.) The salaries of the Public Functionaries the Canadas are placed upon the fol- lowing reduced scale in the Paliamentary Estimate, July 30, 1831 :— Governor in Chief £3000 Colonial Secretary .......... 500 Chief Justice 1200 Puisn6 Judges 700 . A ttorney-G eneral 300 Chaplains 200 Surveyor-General of Land .... 360 Deputy ditto. 180 — We are always happy to offer our humble tribute of approbation to the lucubrations ef our Contemporaries. The following extract from an article in the Colonial Times of Wednesday last, shews, ; n a very short compass, a very great evil. It is impossible for the Directors of the Banks to shut their eyes to the mischievous consequences, setting apart the extreme injustice of the " system" so well exposed by our Contemporary. The only reason ever given for its introduction was, that thereby persons whose names were on bills were induced to oxert themselves to take them up; those who thus argue forgetting • that the system itself works powerfully against the possibility of effecting its object, which in nine cases out of ten it altogether prevents:— ' 'A person may have gi ven his acceptance for a sum of money, and also may have rendered himself liable by indorsement for a further sum, making together, perhaps, we will say for the sake of example, a couple of hundred pounds. The very day probably before his own acceptance becomes due, the endorsed bill is returned dishonored, and the person immediately offers the Bank a selection of the very best names in the Colony for discount, in order to enable him to redeem his liability. But ** no!" say the Bankers, " we will have nothing but cash;—pay this bill over-due, and we will discount for you again, but not before." To this the man replies, »< I want the cash I have by me for my own acceptance due to-morrow— if 1 part with it lor iheendorsed bill, my own will be returned dishonored," and in this alternative he becomes inevitably placed—with an abundance of unexcepr tiohable "paper, (perhaps even as good as the Bankers not&s;) is he driven to private money lenders, at whatever rate of interest they may choose to charge—(to the law , yers, with all their ruinous costs to boot, or to having his name in thfe black books of the Banks, in consequence; not of his OWH inability to make good his engagements, but of the preposterous impediments that have been thrown in .the way by the conductors of the Banks. Mow can any good reason be given for a system so fraught with injurious consequences ? Verily, all the reply, we apprehend, is, that it is COLONIAL—that is, something like many of the follies that are now being swept from the English constitution by the powerful hand of Reform—a legacy of the ignorance and absurdity of the first framera of measures, which may, have afterwards become by usage, part and parcel of the State. We say that its only plea is, that it is Colonial, aud iu support of this, let us refer to the experience of any man of business in the Colony, aud ask him what is the usage in Eugland ?— that nation of shop-keepers—that entrepot for all the commodities of the world, where, transactions in the shapeof bills to an amount that would startle the reader, were he to see it in print, are daily carried on, in exchange for relative commodities. We will answer this ourselves, fully relying upon our testimony being supported by hundreds of respectable readers in this Colony. In England then, every facility is invariably afforded by the monied interest, or Bankers, to the other parts of the commercial classes, by adopting the principle of never refusing to exchange an iu* ferior for a superior security ; in other words, they never withhold discount from a party, merely because he seeks that discount in order to enable him to return a dishonored bill, or to pay his own due acceptance; being governed by few other considerations than the nature or character of the bills that are offered for discount. And this is the proper course for a banker to pursue. What is it to him, what may be.the particular occasions or necessities of the party who 1 comes to him for the accommodation of discount ? It is his business, pr at least it is generally so under- stood, to lend money upon this sort of security, and when good bills are offered, (and which we all know would frequently be discounted, were it not for the adventitious circumstances attending one of the parties on them,) and are refused upon this ground alone, it strikes us as being equally preposterous, as if a man were to knock another down, and then kick him for being in a prostrate condition. Let us really hope, however, that the managers of our different banks will give the subject some attention. We defy them to advance a single good reason why a system should be persevered in, which alone has been the means of putting im- mense sums into the pockets of the lawyers. We have seen a statement of more than one person's affairs, where ithas been placed beyond doubt or uncertainty, that the dam .to the stream of trade so applied in the first instance by the Banks, was the cause, eventually i of the loss of hundreds to the p<irty; because he could never afterwards, except by immense sacrifices, recover from the impediments thus injudiciously thrown In his way. We are not, by any thing we have said, advocating a greater latitude of discount than is now afforded by the Banks; it is only the removal of a system which has nothing whatever to advance in its support, atid the substitution for it, of that line which is at once dictated by sound 6enseand propriety. What we wish to sae is, the introduction of that eulightened principle among our Bankers, which shall cause them to be influenced alone in the bills that are offered for discount, by the character or pretensions of the bills, and by their own circumstances at the moment; not as at present, by the purposes for which the proceeds of the bill may be designed to be applied. We will venture to say, that if a change of this sort were made,.it would do iufinitely more towards removing that commercial distress which every now and then overtakes us, than any other cause whatever. We should then hear little of unpaid bills— people would be able to devote that time to their several trades or occupations, which is now consumed iu dancing attendance uponlawy crs and usurers, and although last, by no means least, our Bankers would wipe from themselves the reproach of an ignorance of the true principles of commerce, which they seem at present to 'take great pains should be imputed to them, ^ith some probability of a good foundation. \Ve challenge any person to successfully defend our present system of Bulking; but Deo volente, as our friend the Editor of the HobartTown A lmanack has it, *ye bope in some of our succeeding numbers successfully to oppose it. We never like any thing better than to brush away the cobwebs of ignorance and prejudice." (From the Colonial Times.) It is highly creditable to the exertions of our worthy Chief Constable Mr. Capon, that this overgrown town is in so perfectly quiet a state—so free from depredations of any sort, and this, with so little assistance as it is well known that active public functionary possesses. Perhaps Mr. Foster, the Chief Police Magistrate, is not aware of the fact, that on several late occasions, when in consequence of any little circumstances which might require the presence of a constable, not one was to be obtained. A few evenings ago, a respectable inhabitant found it necessary to send for one to his bouse, in respect to the old complaint, the drunkenness of one of his servants, and after running about the Town in search of one in vain, he met a man whom he knew to be such, and he requested of him to go with him, stating the urgency of the occasion. The man civilly excused himself— on what ground! "lam," said he " Mr. Bedford's Constable.-—'I am going on duty to his house, and I dare not be abseiit," Does the active Chief Police Magistrate Mr. Forster know this? If not, we are convinced he will at once remove this ves - tige of the Mulgrave "system." Under what pretence we ask, is the public to be taxed with the support of a constable for Mr. Bedford, the Assistant Chaplains use? This is really too much. There is no longer auy pretence for such, if there ever was even the ghost thereof. There are no more drain-invasion-operations to be carried on —the " stays and breeches" which dangled so amusingly a? Mr. Walford's ensignias of defensive battle, are removed —and nothing remains to alarm the Chaplains sensitive nerves. It is remarkable, however, that courageously as they were " screwed up to the sticking place"—when the attack upon Walford was about to be made—when the whole courage of the Militant Commission was displayed—that now—peace being fully restored, the parade of k constable should be requisite for Mr. Bedford's outwardbhow. We appre^hend so soon as this is known to Mr. Forster he will put it right. It is rather remarkable that the William the Fourth, from New Zealand, built *t Maequarie Harbour, should be the first vessel signalized on the new staff; but it is still more so, that the Adelaide should be signalized within a couple of hours afterwards, the latter being her first appear-? anceiu this port, she also having been launched from the same yard at the penal settlement, as the former vessel. It is now full two months since we have received any European intelligence, and what renders it most extraordinary is the number of vessels known to be on the way, there being no f to wer than six merchant and three prison ships now due.-^ The Arab and John Woodatl may be considered. as over due, and the Science, Wave, and Arethusaaxe about becoming so. One of the best things ever accomplished during the last few years of the present administration is, the conducting' good and wholesome water through some of our main streets. It may not be generally known that the Public havp to thank our respected Colonial Secretary for this valuable acquisition. ( From the Independent.) It is not generally known that there is a party of what may be termed secederl trom Mr. Robinson, but at the same lime under the wings of Government, who hav» been travelling the country eastward in search of natives, under a Mr. Surridge. We understand they have succeeded'in capturing 11 Aborigines since Mr. Robinson was in that quarter, whom they have sent to their destinatitih. These meii came up to Launceston last Saturday for clothing for themselves and two aboriginal women they have travelling with J them, and here they have been detained ever since, in consequence of not being supplied by the Government! This is a serious evil, and ought to be immediately coireeled; the men of course expecting ~ remuneration for their services, in proportion to the beuefit they confer iu the removal of the blacks from the sphere of their dreadful oderatious, a week is thrown awayj during which, had they been served with what they require, at once, they might have been in the track of, or captured some more of our sable enemies. The disappointment too, which fall on the two women who accompany them, is very great, as they were given to understand that on their arrival here they would have some clothing given them—these are the means of discovering the track of their countrymen, and have it in their power, when in the bush, should they feel aggrieved, to lead the meu into the hands of those they are seeking to capture. We hope it will be attended to forthwith. We regret exceedingly to have to record several Instances of untimely death since our last publication. Mr. Newman Williatt, the late Postmaster for Launceston, died on Thursday last, in consequeuce of injuries sustained about a week ago, by two men, on the road to Norfolk Plains who pulled him off his horse, and beat him in a dreadful manner, and it was with the greatest difficulty he contrived to reach his home. Another case is the melahcholy death of Captain Rewcastle, of the Brettda, who met a watery grave by an act of suicide. The first report of the painftrf occurrence was not credited, but a boat which came up tbe river this morning ' stamps it as but too true. The third is Mr. Jacobs, the master of the tamui, on her way from this place to Circular Head who wos unfortunately knocked overboard by the main boom, when putting the vessel about. A few days ago, a man, whose name we have not learnt, was drowned at George Town. A Coroner's luquest was held on luesday evening on the body of Elizabeth Fyles, who died in consequence of taking corrosive sublimate. A verdict was returned accordingly. 