HOBART TOWN JANUARY 25, 1832. Let it be impressed upon your minds, let it be in- stilled into your children, that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political and Religious Rights. Junius. There are certain subjects which ought by no means to escape the attention of a Public Journalist, in making his com- ments upon passing occurrences, but for which, nevertheless, a fitting time and season should be chosen. In this number is one, that is particularly interesting to our commercial community, and which we have only abstained from earlier noticing, by reason of the peculiar situation in which our money market has for some time stood, as our remarks might, per- haps, have occasioned the probability of an excitement, which we are very far from seeking to encourage. We allude to the custom that is adopted by our several Banks, with respect to the impediments they throw in the way of parties who have bills to retire, by refusing that accommo- dation frequently, in the shape of fresh discount, without which, it is next to im- possible that a bill can be paid ; but we will first put our case, and then make our comments. A person may have given his acceptance for a sum of money, and also may have rendered himself liable by indorsement for a further sum, making together, perhaps, we will say for the sake of example, a couple of hundred pounds. The very day probably before his own acceptance be- comes due, the endorsed bill is returned dishonored, and the person immediately offers the Bank a selection of the very best names in the Colony for discount, in order to enable him to redeem his liability. But " no I" say the Bankers, " we will have nothing but cash; -pay this bill over-due, and we will discount for you again, but not before." To this the man replies, " I want the cash I have by me for my own acceptance due to-morrow if I part with it for the endorsed bill, my own will be returned dishonored," and in this alternative he becomes inevitably placed --with án abundance of unexcep-, tionable paper, (perhaps even as good as' the Bankers notes) is he driven to private money lenders, at whatever rate of interest, they may choose to charge-to the law yers, with all their ruinous costs to boot, or to having his name in the black, books of the Banks, in consequence ; not of his own inability to make good his engagements, but of the preposterous impediments that have been thrown in the way by the con- ductors of the Banks. Now can any good reason be given for a system so fraught with injurious consequences ? Verily, all the reply, we apprehend, is, that it is COLONIAL-that is, something like many of the follies that are now being swept from the English constitution by the powerful hand of Reform-a legacy of the ignorance and absurdity of the first framers of measures, which may have afterwards become by usage, part and parcel of the State. We say that its only plea is, that it is Colonial, and in sup- port of this, let us refer to the experience of any man of business in the Colony, and ask him what is the usage in England ? that nation of shop-keepers-that entrepot for all the commodities of the world, where transactions in the shape of bills to an amount that would startle the reader, were he to see it in print, are daily carried on, in exchange for relative commodities. We will answer this ourselves, fully re- lying upon our testimony being supported by hundreds of respectable readers in this Colony. In England then, every facility is invariably afforded by the monied inte- rest, or Bankers, to the other parts of the commercial classes, by adopting the prin- ciple of never refusing to exchange an in- ferior for a superior security ; in other words, they never withhold discount from a party, merely because he seeks that discount in order to enable linn to return a dishonored bill, or to pay his ovrn due acceptance; being governed by few other considerations than the nature or charac- ter of the bills that are offered for discount. And this is the proper course for a banker to pursue. What is it to him, what may be the paricular occasions or necessities of the party who comes to him for the ac- commodation of discount? It is his busi- ness, or at least it is generally so under- stood, to lend money upon this sort of se- curity, and when good bills are offered, (and which we all know would frequently be discounted, were it not for the adven- titious circumstances attending one of the parties on them,) and are refused upon this ground alone, it strikes us as being equally preposterous, as if a man were to knock another down, and then kick him for being in a prostrate condition. Let us really hope, however, that the managers of our different banks will give the subject some attention. We defy them to advance a single good reason why a system should be persevered in, which alone has been the means of putting im- mense sums into the pockets of the law- yers. We have seen a statement of more than one person's affairs, where it has been pluced beyond doubt or uncertainty, that the dam to the stream of trade so applied in the first instance hy the Banks, was the cause, eventually, of the loss of hundreds to the party ; because he could never after- wards, except by immense sacrifices, reco- ver from the impediments thus injudiciously thrown in his way. We are not, by any thing we have said, advocating a greater latitude of discount than is now afforded by the Banks ; it is only the removal of a system which has nothing whatever to ad- vance in its support, and the substitution for it, of that line which is at once dictated by sound sense and propriety. What we wish to see is, the introduction of that enlightened principle among our Bankers, which shall cause them to be influenced alone in the bills that are offered for dis- count, by the character or pretensions of the bills, and by their own circumstances at the moment; not as at present, by the purposes for which the proceeds of the bill may be designed to be applied: We will venture to say, that if a change of this sort were made, it would do infinitely more 'towards removing that commercial distress which every now and then overtakes us, than any other cause whatever. We should then hear little of ' unpaid bills people would be able to devote that time to their several trades or occupations, which is now consumed in dancing atten- dance upon lawyers-and usurers and al- though last, by no means least, our Bankers would wipe from themselves the reproach of an ignorance of the true principles of commerce; which they seem at present to take great pains should be imputed to them, with some probability of a good foundation. We challenge any person to successfully defend our present system of Banking; but Deo volente, as our friend the Editor of the Hobart Town Almanack has it, we hope in some of our succeeding numbers successfully to oppose it. We never like any thing better than to brush away the cobwebs of ignorance and pre- judice. It is highly creditable to the exertions of our worthy Chief Constable Mr. Capon, that this overgrown town is in so perfectly quiet a state-so free from depredations of any sort, and this, with so little assistance as it is well known that active public func- tionary possesses. Perhaps Mr. Foster, the Chief Police Magistrate, is not aware of the fact, that on several late occasions, when in consequence of any little circum- stances which might require the presence of a constable, not one was to be obtained. A few evenings ago, a respectable inhabi- tant found it necessary to send for one to his house, in respect to the old complaint, the drunkenness of one of his servants, and after running about the Town in search of one in vain, he met a man whom he knew to be such, and he requested of him to go with him, stating the urgency of the occa- sion. The man civilly excused himself on what ground! "I am," said he "MR. BEDFORD'S CONSTABLE.- I am going on duty to his house, and I dare not be absent." Does the active Chief Police Magistrate Mr. Forster know this ? If not, we are convinced he will at once remove this ves tige of the Mulgrave "system." Under what pretence we ask, is the public to be taxed with the support of a constable for Mr. Bedford, the Assistant Chaplains use? This is really too much. There is no longer any pretence for such, if there ever was even the ghost thereof. There are no more drain-invasion- operations to be car- ried on-the " stays and breeches" which dangled so amusingly as Mr. Walford's ensignias of defensive ba'tle, are removed -and nothing remains to alarm the Chap- lains sensitive nerves. It is remarkable, however, that courageously as they were " screwed up to the sticking place" - when the attack upon Walford was about to be made-when the whole courage of the Mi- litant Commission was displayed-that now-peace being fully restored, the pa rade of a constable should be requisite for Mr. Bedford's outwardshow. We appre- hend so soon as this is known to Mr. Fors- ter he will put it right ' How different is the system of the Court at the Cape of Good Hope and at Hobart Town ! In the latter place we all know that those who are admitted to Government-house must have peculiar pretensions-their claims resting not upon wealth or standing in this Colony, but upon the degree of affinity they may have to the Toadeater family- upon their hold- ing some place, under Government -and lastly, upon how far they may be perso nally agreeable or disagreeable to the Head of the Government. At Cape Town, however, they manage Very differ- ently- -there, a full General in the Army holds the important post of Governor, and a man too, equally high in military honor as in dignity - but Sir Lowry Cole knows no distinction of persons - he considers himself as the King's Representative and bound, therefore, topay every respect in his power to all respectable Colonists. In order to do this, a course is adopted that might, we think, be followed with great advantage by the infinitely more humble Government of Van Diemen's Land. Periodically Lady Frances Cole, (the Governor's lady,) announces that she receives company at Government-house on stated days and at stated hours, and the consequence is that all "per- sons, without reference to sect or party, who may wish that their wives or families should have the opportunity of paying their respects to the Representative o Majesty, have the occasion placed at their easy command. We know that some will say, that the door of admission is thus thrown open to improper persons, but we reply no ! for not only is a good security presented .by that sort of con sciousness of our own pretensions, which is generally a tolerable check upon too much presumption, but nothing is more easy than to apply an additional check where necessary, which would never be felt by those, who are really what they ought to be, whilst at the same moment, it would effectually attain every object desired. But if proof were required, in support of the Cape Town system, it has been tried and found to answer : and at so easy a price, therefore, as a bow to one, or a few civil words to another, enhanced by the gaiety and splendour of a Govem ment-house drawing-room, has Sir Lowry Cole succeeded in obtaining for himself a popularity, sush as could never, under any circumstances, attend the utmost merit, where hauteur and reserve are the private characteristics of the party. We have always thought that one great fault amongst ourselves has been the very strait gate of admission by which, a'one our Government-house is accessible ; and, when it is remembered, at what an easy rate the Head of a Colonial Government has the power, not only of making himself, but all his measures, highly popular, we are, and often have been, greatly surpri- sed that an example which has been set with so much advantage in other places, should have been lost upon so good a tac- tician as Colonel Arthur. We can assure His Excellency, however, that he has it now, even at the eleventh hour, in his power to purchase the golden opinions of many of the discontented, at a price that will absolutely cost him nothing, and if he will only make the experiment, we will venture to guarantee our opinion. On Saturday evening as an industrious man was returning home about 11 o'clock, on turning short round by Wellington Bridge, he stumbled over the temporary brick wall, and was precipitated head foremost down the well now being sunk for the purpose of receiving the supply of water from the celebrated Aquaduct. The poor fellow was dreadfully injured, and even at this present moment he is not considered out of danger. Considering the carelessness which has been evinced towards marking out the several such wells lately open, we cannot help feeling surprised that so very few accidents have happened ; but although fortunately such has been the case, it does not follow that less blame 'should be attached to the particular individuals whose duty it was to leave their work during the night in such a state as to prevent the possibility of accident. What would be said in England, or in any other part of the world, where importance is attached to the lives of the inhabitants-where pits of considerable depth to be left open during the dark nights, with neither lanterns or any thing else to point out the danger to which the passers by were subject; but if we find the welfare of the people not studied in great and important matters, what can we expect in trifles, such as we have above noticed ? On Sunday last, very many persons were assembled at the Battery Point, fully expecting the vessel signalized would prove to be one of the long expected English ships; the first signal was hoisted at five o'clock in the morning, and al- though there was a strong sea-breeze du- ring the whole of the day, most strangely the vessel kept out, as if it were to keep the " expecting throng, in dire suspense," the yellow flag remained up the whole of the day, and in spite of the signal-man at the Battery questioning and cross-ques tioning the Mount Nelson station, the only answer obtainable, was " very distant and S.E." When this " Flying Dutchman" did appear, she turned out to be the William the Fourth, laden with pine, from New Zealand. Thus the Colonial vessel of Van Diemen's Land build, was the very first to put into play the new telegraphic system, and had the honor to be the-first, signalized on the new superb flag-staff. A Correspondent, from Oatlands, states that a most disgraceful scene took place some few days since, it was that of a free man selling his wife. The price asked and obtained was five shillings-a cheap price, considering the times. Really such cases as these will induce the home government to believe that the complaints made as to the scarcity of the fair sex, is all idle non sense, otherwise such cheap bargains would not occur. The other part of our Correspondent's letter, alluding to the non-arrival of his own and his neighbour's paper, is unfortunately for us, too much the general cry. We hope for better times, and honest Post-office messengers. The Eliza has gone at last, and all the town has sunk down (as it were) to rest, Every body you meet repeats the same remark, that the Eliza has really gone, as if every one doubted whether she would not remain for ever in our port. Wè have done both with the vessel and her passengers, neither do we intend recurring to either till we hear of their safe arrival in Eng land-and then, peradventure, we shall find all that we require ordered from home, and, in that case, what will become of the radicals ? From the levees which daily take place at Government House, the former favo- rites are prognosticating any thing but favorable results. Some say the Inde- pendents (radicals as the Tasmanian will have them, although we maintain their cause) are changing sides-that the "outs" are going in, and the " ins" are gone per Eliza, or are now going out. There are indeed some who are of opinion that the voice of reason will be heard. We understand that one of our mer- chants who is a large holder of spirits, has, in consequence of the exorbitant charge made in the shape of rent for the use of those pitiful sheds in the late Fe- male Factory, come to the determination, and has actually commenced sending his spirits to Sydney to bond there, the dif ference of the charge at that place is so great, that it will more than make up the charge of freight, &c.; when wanted. It is rather remarkable that the William the Fourth, from New Zealand, built at, Macquarie Harbour, should be the first vessel signalized on the new 'staff ; 'but it is still more so, that the Adelaide should be signalized within couple of hours' af terwards, the latter being her first appear ance in this port, she also having been, launched from the same yard at the penal settlement, as the former vessel. A Correspondent has recommended the adoption of water gates, at the/ bouchure of the town creek, by which means at a very trifling expense, a good canal might be made which would enable vessels of small burthen to unload their cargoes in the centre of the town, the supply of water would be fully sufficient at all sea- sons to allow the opening of the lock at least once in every twenty-four hours. It is now full two months since we have received any European intelligence, .and what rendérs it most extraordinary is the number of vessels known to be on the way, there being no fewer than six mer- chant and three prison ships now due. The Arab and John Woodall may be con- sidered as over due, and the Science, Wave, and Arethusa are just about be- coming so. The Corespondents signing themselves "HORSE SHOE," and " TEN STONE," may now be satisfied that our observations respecting the " willingness of the Race Committee to attempt to please," was not unfounded. We recommend the" heavy gentry to cast their eyes over the Race Course Advertisement, and more par- ticularly to the Publican's Stakes. It is said His Excellency the Lieu- tenant Governor has invited the gentle men, forming the committee of the public meeting of the glorious 23d May, to dine with him on Monday next. After dinner (a hot one by the by) the , ladies are expected to attend the ball given by the Governor's lady. One of the best things ever accom- plished during the last few years of the present administration is, the conducting good and wholesome water through some of our main streets. It may not be generally known that the Public have to thank our respected Colonial Secretary for this valuable acquisition. Now that animal fat is so exceedingly scarce, we should consider it a fitting time for some persons to try the experiment of making sperm candles; we think the attempt would prove satisfactory. 