? MISCELLANEOUS. The Death of a Pugilist.—We extract the following graphic, and in its way powerful sketch from Bell'sLife in Lon don. ihe brief view it affords of the lifo and death of the poor wretc)i» who is the subject of it will be more operative than a thousand sermons. Ned Stockman, well known at the" Lively Kid" cut ia stick (i. o. died at his fathers home on Saturday niglit week.) He bad been ill for snmr moliths, attributing his indiipostan to a blow received ia sparring, at Biimiiighnm,—He was in the hospital till Thursday, wlijn fiuding ( his end approafhing^lie dressed himself, aq4 ': was found walking-,.ctayvling off,with an intima'f. tion to the nurses, that" he warn'te goiugto stop to be 'washed out' by tlicm," meaning that •the last officcs to his ^body should be ptrlorma'd at home. His brother. Jem .soon came to see hiqi and took him to hiq father's domioile in a cab. On Friday he grew gradually worse,having been already.reduced nearly to a skeleton. On Saturday Dick Curtis, the only one of hispofo, v»h'o had jpaid him a visit during his illness, came totece liim propped liim up in his bed, and, by allusions to former sceuei 'iti which thoy. were cngoped, so far amused his mind that he became" himself again" nnd was in high spirits. An last, Dick Curtis took hisdeparturc, nnd no sooner hnd he gone, then poor Ned relapsed into a state of melancholy, and, turning t^ his brother, asked him whether he itiougl he shotflel live until to morrow ? Jem encouraged him with an assurance that liejwtu " all figh." After a short intercourse, the dying gladiator jumped from his bed tiiiti a sort of expiring bntr^y, «nti hitting out with his left at |iis brethsr's i f , head, caught him with Ins rightirotind-tVie ned, - and exclaimed,'' he's coming, Jem, it's nil up !" Jem fissured him he was able " to stand another round," but his forebodings were ton due.- Casting round his eyes with a frantic fjtue a£ his Invisible and invincible antagonist, he threw out his left, as. if stopping s corning blow, again shouting d n his eyes, he's coming! fell back on his bed,and with two gentle aspirations gave up the ghost.—• 'Standard. < Ciiolcra.— Orders have been istued to the Jurit-s in London to (;<> about, lo examine und' prevent noisnuces, to inspect out houses, ress pools, nnd dust bin»9, in nil Louses inhabited by tlu poor. Water l" abundance ispoured over the baik streets and lanes and streums alloived to flow tiioiiK i he btreels for several hours during the niftliti It it> said that the cholera becomes almost innocuous where there is a constant and free circulation o) air. This f-ict has inspired the inhnbitnms of Ltuidon with the greatest eonfidt-nce. Twenty thousnnd copies have been dispersed grntuitouUy of instructious how ta prevent this drcndtul malady. It recommendi ileanlinets; fiee acicss of air; removal of dirt, rubbish, draining^, of mud, hlih, &c.; to avoid -linen, to use solution of cltluride of lime, tn neutralise' noxious efiiuvio, 'o wear dannel, to avoid violent fatigue, excessive prespirottoir, damp clothes, acid food, ardent spirits, sugar nno raw fruits; to maintain regular habits, cheer ull bi*pOBiti< ns, and freedom from abject fears. Thei^JwJfra was itill prtvalenl in Sunderlnttd two...-emiaent Solicitors had Ov : ;-uud the ' pijnr'felthe colours to the mnst in' elson'i etigagemcntsj died on the 9ih November. Fit/y^rtt's Orrsion of Mr, IIvmt,-Night ef>er ni^tit were his egotistical, pointless, and. jrrolivant hnrr.mgues toUrnted with a degree of indulgence which nould not Itnve extended to. l entlemen heyund comparison better entitled to Itention, jel no sooner did his eihnusted hearrs ut lei gth be^in to manifect tlie slightest ymptmt of tnipai'icuce^han th's delegate eftant cullotcrie would bristle up with unparalleled assurance. and insolently demand, forsiotli, who should dare to "put him downf'^ riia peeches area tissue of coar9u ribaldry nnd arrogant essunip ion. Illiterate ann self- sufficient,' without the address of a gentleman, or the dig. , uity of a senator, he stands self-cmanripnteit amldisfriiburrusseil fruin the conventional courts sies incidental tocivilieation orrefinein:nt. Some ol the rabble rout" have absolutely made i( a ground ol repvoat h that their Stdrophel should liuvi treated the Housu of Commons with too much ret-pecl; but this certainly is a stigma on. tiis charcc cr tvhich we would willingly.enntri-, hute our assistance to remove; the truth is tliat c htiwicd and swaggered like anoiher Thermites in the tent of Agememmon. 