stem Bottvp, THE BODY SNATCHER-. *" I look down at his feet-but that's a fabled '(From the New Monthly Magazine.) "Poor street-corner ! Is she dead ? Ay She hides her weary head ' Safely in the ground at last All her shame and grief are past : Midnight curses cannot touch Her whom once they wrung so much. Let the watchman take his way, Prisoning all who cannot pay ; Let the Rake and Harlot brawl, She is safe shut out from all, With a coffin for a home, 'No more famine-forced to roam'! Many a morning, many an eye, Did she wander forth to grieve ' In the cold and friendless air, Leaving in her hut Despair * Coaching in the corner here There were-Want, who think the cheek, Anguish, who doth never speak, Ruin, and the Ghosts of friends, Madness, and -The story ends ! "Ends Alas! there's too much more .?. Ere the dark sad story's o'er: Listen, while the tale we tell, ''Like an old true chronicle. . . . 'Twas on a wild, wet, gusty 'over, Whereon the very winds did grieve, That last she went abroad, and tried Her hunger in despair to hide ; Slowly she dragged her limbs along, Muttering a hoarse heart-broken song, With no sweetness in't, nor measure, But telling (tales of vanished pleasure, Till a man (by God forgot) ! Met her in a deadly spot : 'Twas a dark and lonely lane Where first he smiled upon her pain, And bade her be of better cheer, For that help (his help !) was near, And thus he whispered in her near ear: " Come on with me unto my home I'll show you where it lies ; It is a pretty silent spot All bid from human eyes : - A woman there might tell her pain, And no one hear her groan again. ?" What strange wish were you uttering, when I broke upon you, there 1 What was'tl"-Said she, " My soul was touched, And spoke its grief in prayer I prayed for-death (a wicked wording "Quoth he, " Perhaps your prayer was heard :" r" Nay, heard it was, and hoarded too, For I was close by thee, And never yet did mortal rue Who ever trusted me; 'A bed, sound sleep, and pain forget These aye have been the mourner's let. It is my trade-in my delight To watch the weary road, And stop them on the stormy night, And take them to my home ; Whate'er their sin, whate'er their pain, My comfort never comes in vain." Thus hand in hand they go along Unto his house but, hark ! The thunder growls, and spouting rains Come down the flashing dark : The cheers her (but he holds her fast) " A little on, and all is past : , " You need not fear though floods come down Nor shrink though thunders road When you're safe at home with me, They ne'er can hurt you more ; I have a little quiet room, Where you may sleep till crack of doom." So pass they o'er the threshold stone, The bound of life and death A curse-a cry-a muffled groan, And the victim yields her breath : Too weak to struggle-all is past The Roamer is at rest at last ! says Hang him high against the sky, Lest the North-wind pass him by ! Let all the frosts to winter known Strip him to the blanched bone, Scorching suns and chilling rains, Whilst he rattles in his chains ! Ghosts ! go screaming round his head 1 Ghouls ! go watch about his bed ; Do not let a worm be fed Let him live, and writhe and shake, Like Hell's ever-restless snake, Through the heart and through the brain Stung into eternal pain ! -Yet, not so-not so, my soul ! There is still a goal. Some calm final resting-place, Where the worst may end his race. None may do a deed so black As shall earn the eternal rack Ceaseless, sheer ending was Pity, who doth watch below, (Even below !) will by him pray Till he cast his chains away, Till he lose both rice and pain, And turn to gentle thoughts again ! The Montreal papers contain a long presentment of the Grand Jury for the district of Quebec, in September, making remarks on the distressed state of the emigrants which arrive here, as well as the crowded state of the vessels which bring them out ; this state of things is to be laid before His Excellency the Governor, who would, no doubt, call the attention of His Majesty's Government at borne to the frauds practised upon the emigrants in the mother country by the masters of vessels on their passage The total number of emigrants arrived at Quebec this season, is 49,811, up to the 15th of October. The fees at the Heralds' Office, and other necessary expenses attending the creation of a new peer, amount to 5600, 