MISCELLANEA. A poetical correspondent, to whose contributions we have been occasionally indebted for an enigmatical play upon various letters of the alphabet, has sent us the following, with a request that it may be inserted. We always like to encourage literary taste, and therefore com- ply with our correspondent's desire:-- THE ENVIOUS ROSE. (In form of a fable.) A rose confes't by every flower, The sweetest of so sweet a train, Once flatter'd in an evil hour, Spoil'd all her charms by growing vain. Row above row around her grew, Of fragrant scent, of brilliant hue; Sweet-william, lily, pink, carnation, Each lovely in its separate station. In every flower a different charm, To her caus'd envy, and alarm: Fearing that one might soon be seen, Would leave herself no longer queen. If there's in lovely woman's breast, A fault which grows above the rest, And like a tree in lonely ground, Is seen, where all is smooth around 'Tis envy of another's charms, And green-ey'd jealousy's alarms. If every woman would but prize, What charms the heart, and not the eyes, Nor every sister's beauty fear, How lovely would they all appear! TYRO. v A NEW DEFINiTioN7^n~Tlre-She~ riff's Court,^be jury is usually composed of sheriffs oBicers.jllye jr followers, jand any suob unfortunate persons as, may happen iofliok into the court about the lime the trials commence. One day a 'jollv Jack tar, who bad strayed from Ratcliffe-highway. to Red Lion square «n search of the wonders of the metropulrs, was asaHiled by one of the hangers-on wbo are always about the f)lace, aud earnestly entreated to become a jur>manfortjalfanhdur.'" Ajury-nuutV'cried Jack, in amaze, " what do ye mean by that, ye skulking land lubber I'll soon let you know I'm a man eveiy inch of me, if -you dare say the word again !'• " Beg vour pardon, sir," stammered out the astonished bum ; " did not mean any offence I assure you sir; fher's no disgrace in it." " No disgrace!" echoed our jolly tar, roiling his quid abt:ut with increasing perlurbalioo—" no disgrace ! why, ye skfllogalee, d'ye think I don't know what a j«ry-man is 1 Why, its for all the world like a jury mast aboard ship, jast to run op -to crack into port with when tbe mast's cut away in a gale 1 But I'll stand none of your nonsense ; if you've lost the man you're in search of you'd better go further for-a situation, for I scorn to bea jury-man to any.body 1" LAW REFORM IN AMERICA.—Before the Revolution a judgment could not be obtained under eight yeais in the Supreme Court, when the suit was in the department of (he common law, which embraces nine-tenths of tbe subjects of legal contes tation. In tbat of the Chancery, from twelve to twenty years were requisite. The reformation of this was among the first works of the Legislature after the Independence of the United States. A judgment can now be obtained in the Supreme Court in one year at common, law, and in about three in Chancery. JOLLIES AND JOHNNIES, OR SAILORS AND MARINES.—The " words Marine and Mariner differ by one small letter only.; but no two races of men, I had nigh well said no two animals, differ from one another more completely than the " Jollies" and Johnnies" Tbe marines, as I have before mehtioned, are unlisted for life, or for,long periods, as in the regular army, and when not employed afloat, are kept in barracks, in such constant training, under the direction of their officers, that they are never released for one moment of their lives from the influeuce of strict discipline and habitual obedience. Tbe sailors on thecontrary, when their ship is paid oft', are turned adrift, and so completely scattered abroad that they generally lose, in the riotous dissipation of a few weeks, or it may be days, all they have learned of good order during the previous three or fonr years. Even wben bith parties are placed on board ship, and the general discipline maintained in its fullest operation, the influence of regular order and exact subordination is at least {tvice as great over the marines as ever can be over the sailors. Many, I say most, of their duties are entirely different. It is true both the mariues and seamen pull aud baul at certain ropes leading along the quarter deck ; both assist in scrubbing and washing (bedecks , both eat salt junk, drink grog, sleep in hammocks, nnd keep watch ^t night; but in hlmost every other thing they differ. As far as the marines are concerned, the sails would never be let fall, or reefed, or rolled up. Tuere is even a positive admiralty order against their being made*to go aloft: and, accordiugly, a marine in the ' rigging is about as ridiculous and helpless an object, | as a sailor would prove, if thrust into a tight, well i pipe-clajed pair of pantaloons, and barred round the I throat with a slid'stock. No marine that. 1 ever s«v» (except one, and be was a gypsi-v) could leiuB lo |iull an oar rea'lv well, nor . nv seamen lo handle a firelock like a soldier. Vet both these duties are often of ihu highest importance to the respective parties, wben employed on service of boats, and ought invariably to ' _sa!'ety of the sb.p depended upon it, no marine could ever swin^ round the lund-lend, witbonl the risk of breaking his sconce—no sailors were ever yet taught to march even moderately well in line. In short, without going further, it inay be said, that the color of their < lolbing, mid the manner in which it is put on, do nfct difl'er more from one a other than the duties and habits of the marines and sailors. Jack wears a blue jacket, and the Jolly wears a red one. Jack would sooner take a round d.izeii than be seen with a pair of breeches across his shoulders; while the marine, if deprived of his suspen-iors, would speedily be left satis roufatte. A thorough-going, barrack-bred regular-built marine, in a ship < f which tbe sergeant major, truly loves his art, has, without any very great exaggerated metaphor, been compared lo a man «ho has swallowed fire-irons : the tongs representing tha legs, the poker (he backbone, ami the shovel (he, neck and head. While on the ptber hand, your sai/o-- man is to he likened lo nothing, except one of those delicious figures in the antocoini show-boxes, whera the legs, arms, and head are flung loosely about to' : the right and left, no one "ione apparently haviug the slightest organic connexion with any other ; the wliolo being an affair of -strings, and springs, acd universal joints.—C f^riaiit Basil Halt's Fragments. nTORIES. — We should pity a man for "being a Tory in these times. He is a poor creature that the inarch of events has left behind ; he is like a short-legged drummer-boy, who cannot keep up with the movement of the regiment ; he is a being of a bygone age, singing an old song, telling a forgotten tale ; his inind is hung with cobwebs ; he is the preterpluperfect tense of politics ; be is an extract from the lumber-room where we have thrown our .ghosts • witches, and alchymists- We may laugh at Tories there is no harm in that—inasmuch as no man is morally culpable for doing what lie cannot help. But I would not persecute the poor creatures. I would let them live, if itweieonly for antiquity's sake—T ail's Edinburgh Mag. NEVER BUY A THING AT THE DOOR.—"An old bachelor, who resides in Acre-lane, Brixton, in order to prevent itinerant traders annoying him by knocking at the door to dispose of their wares, bad affixed to bis knocker a label to this effect, " tbe inhabitant of this bouse never buys any thing at the door—hawkers beware !" He was dreadfully annoyed a short time ago by a loud knocking at His parlour window, and on looking out he saw two fellows with clothes lines, mats, and pegs :o tseJl. Throwing up she sash in a pretty considerable rage, ho accosted them thus—"canyou read ?" " Yes, thas- | ter," said the hawker. " Then don't yon see a notice | affixed to my knocker that I never buy any thing at ibe door 1" " To be sure we do, «to we thon^Iit- we, Would make bold to try and do a little business at tha j>arloar window." Tbe fellow's wii pnciGed the old bachelor, who straigtitway made a purchase. ' Ha J?nt for a painter, and bad tbe following addition made to his announcement—" Nor at the window either." . . . SMUGGLING.—SUBTERRANEOUS PAS- SAGE.— On Wednesday evening. Lieutenant Clew and a large party of the Coast Guarcl went to a detached cottage, inhabited by «ie Spain, situated at Little Cliff's End, about a mile and a-ha!fio the westward of Rarasgate. On making a search, they found in the garden twenty-two tubs of contraband spirits. On the signal firing of the Coast Guard, the smugglers (who wera working up the tubs) were observed making their escape from an opening iu the cliff; a further search was made at this sj>ot, when it was discovered to be a secret entrance from Spain's gardin to a subterraneous passago, cut through the cliff to the sea- sbore, at the "extremity "of which there was a large hole sufficiently capacious to admit from another secret entrance oil the shore sidi, of the concealment of au immense qiraniity of goods, and at this spot twenty-six more tubs were found, and also the truik used for drawing up the goods to the house, the passage to which was so extremely small, that it was with difficulty the Coast Guard could force themselves down on their knees the whole distance, it being in mauy places not more th m a foot wide, two feel in heieht, and Its length several hundred yards. It is said to have been but recently finished, after occupying the time of four men nearly two years. In a chalkpit, near the above premises, they were taken into custody. Spain, who has escaped, gave out that he was a rabbit-dealer. The following morcean was on a board near the house :—" Howsomever shouts these rabbits will be prosecuted."—L aw Magazine. - A FAILURE.—A pirl named PrisciJIia Woodford, was condemned to be banged at the late Lincoln Assizes for arson.—After her condemnation she was confined with a woman wbo had been convicted of perjury, and who instilled into the giils mind, that if she bad have been pregnant, she would have escaped the s to " try her luck," and she told ihe Chaplain and others who were in attendance on her, that she was I' in (he family way," and certainly was borne out in her statement by her personal appearance, until the matron discovered that slw had stuffed the articles of her dress in such a way as to indicate pregnancy. WITCHCRAFT.—The »u>dern and extraordinary trial in Somersetshire, and some observations inr tbe public papers a short time since, so excited curiosity, and occasioned inquiry on (he subject of withcrafl, that the following observations and statements cannot fail to be read with interest, and perhaps a melancholy interest, at the preseut moment :— " The first formal trial of any importance, wbirh we find recorded, is that of the witches of Warbois, which took place in J593. Their accusation was founded on circumstances which, however improbable and ridiculous they may now appear, were in those days sufficiently criminal to essure (be condemnation of three harmless individuals. The following parti-, culars are copied from Dr. Hutchinson's * Historical Ess«y concerning Witchcraft,' chap. 7. "Three persons—old Samuel and his wife, and Agnes Samuel, their daughter, were condemned at Huntingdon, by Mr. Justice Fenner, April 4, 1508, for witching, as was supposed, Dec ol" Mr. Throumnr- I ton's children, seven servants, the ladv Cromwell, and the ja iler's in.m, &c.; The father and daughter, in deed, maintained their innocence to the last, but the old woman confessed. It ought to be observed, that this prosecution was not grounded upon any previous acts of sorcery that these people had been taken in, but upon experiments and charms, which the prosecutors compelled them to use, and then tried upon them. One of l\lr. Throgmorton's daughters had fiis, and was ill ; but there was no si^ns or thought of witchcraft, till this old Mother Samuel, living; near them, caine in to see her, and sate in the chimney corner, with a black knit cap on her head ; and when the child in her lit saw her, she said that she looked like an old witch, and from that time took a fancy that she had bewitched her. After that, the other children had tbe same fears and fancies, and fits like.her. After this, the Lady Cromwell, to whose husband these Samuels were tenants, came to Mr. Throgmorton's house. She sent for the old woman, called her a witch, palledIDfl* her kerchief, cut off some of her grey hair, and^Sve it to Mrs. Throginorton to burn for a charm, .^p'^ii^rt this lady—as was very likely she should, aWjpfeiiiitt^n't work—dreamt of mother Samuel fell into fits, and shortly after died. "^B^^l^iai'jfanlier on the trial, that there were pine^m^^jj^^* that belonged to these people, and their old dame. Two of their naiilllilMBB^Matet' but tbe other seven, pluck, liardname^B^^^H^- Sniacs, and Blew. Their children were t iiffiMB't I with these spirits in their fits. The sunders however, neither saw any shapes-Hor heard any vo; but only understood what the spirits said by the dren's answers, and by what the children told il afterwards * The old woman confessed ; but, I pray, take tice how the confession was drawn from he . about two yfears after the first accusation, she m tained her innncence strictly, and said they were w] ton children. By long ill usage her husband on side swearing'at and be ting her, and on tbe 01 cide, Mr. Throginorton and the children scratch; and trying uulair tricks, and keeping her from her house amongst his children,—for contrary to all oi eases, her presence was their preservation,—I reel her health was so iufpaired, that one night she vapoured to that degree, that they thought the dl was in her. " Then observe liow very forcibly, they, drew confession from her. The children with tears be,' that she would confess. They said they shoul well if she confessed, and they would forgive from the bottom of tbeir hearts ; and besides they would entreat their parents and their friend much as in then) lav, clearly to forgive and fo] all that had passed. Still this would not do. would not confess, «he said, what was not true. Mr. Throginorton prevailed with to charge the s in the name-of.^God, that tliey.niigbt have no <4its. She yielded to liim, and then the children g .well. TliiB surprised the old woman, and made her believe, (hat all had really proceeded .from her ill tongue; and having been told so'often that if she would but confess, all would be well, and they forgive .her, she cried and-confessed,;" but in a day or two she denied all again. Then Mr. Throginorton was ansry, and threatened to carry her.befnre the Bishop at Bugden ; and upon condition that she might not be carried thither, she promised to confess again, provided it mi^bt be to Mr. Tfiroginorton alone ; but he secretly placed people under the window'to hpar what she said, and by this .threatening promise and contrivance be gained a secoud confession. " But this confession was not sufiinjent for the Tender and scrupulous conduct of Mr. Thrpgmorton. He, consequently, invented a charm, which .be declared had been revealed to him bv spirits ; and so great was "the influence which he had gained over tlie'mind of the poor old wouian, that ha made her repeat it a •hundred times over. It was as follows:—charge thee, the devil, as I love thee, and am a witch, and guilty of this matter, that thou sufier these children to be well at present.' Dreadful was the havoc committed amongst those unfortunate persons, whose age, poverty, and in6rmities, marked them as fit objects for suspicion. From the accession of James the First, in the 2nd year of the. 17ih century, to that of Anne, in the first year of "the 18lh, every item of a rigorous statute was acted upon and enforced with the most severe vigilance. The enormous number of 3,192 individuals were condemned and executed in Great Britain alon<-, for the crimes of witchcraft, sorcery,'or conjuration. That the reader may have some idea of the expeditious and summary manner in which these unfortunate creatures were disposed of, we transcribe a few cases from a chronological table, prefixed to the last edition of Dr. Hutchinson's Historical Essay. " 1613. Fifteen indicted at Lancaster, and twelve executed. " 1615. Mary Smith hanged at Lynn, in Norfolk. She died very pious aud resigned, and believed herself a Witch. " 1614, There were two hanged at Linooln, upon an indir.liuent of bewitching the Earl of Rutland's children. One old woman confessed that she rubbed one of the Lady Catherine's handkerchiefs upon her cat Rutterkiu, and bade her liy and go ; whereupon the cat whined and cried mew, by which she understood that Rutterkiu had no power over that young lady. Now, what should a est cry but mew ? (quoth the doctor.) And could the poor silly woman have been suflered to interpret that to her own destruction, if she had not been in the hands offools. And, therefore (he continues) though nwnj ; -~odd things were sworn by the country people ; and though the two were banged ; and though there stands now in Betlesworlb"Cburch marble statues cf those children, with an inscription, importing that they died in their infancy by "wicked practices,—notwithstanding all these things, F say, I do not believe a word of it." 16U2. Edward Fairfax, of Fuyston, in the forest of Knaresborough, Esq. at York assizes, prosecuted six of^ his neighbours for supposed witchcraft upon hi- children. The common facts of imps and fits, and apparitions of the suspected witches were de- •posed, and the grand jury found the bills, and the Judge heard what the witnesses bad to say ; but having a certificate of the sober behaviour ol the accused persons, be directed the jury so well that they acquitted them. "1634. Mother Jackson condemned in London- " 1645. Fifteen condeihned at Chelmsford, in Essex, and hanged ; some at Chelmsford, and some at Manningtree ; another died in gaol, another ;•.« going to execution. One was hanged at Cambridge the same year. She kept a tame fro; tswouitobfrJ ffiiee Score r 1646. Many hanged at Huntingdon, twtj um were Elizabeth AVeed and John Winnick. j iV"- 1649- One at Gloucester, convicted for ha iked a sow,.in the form »»fa little blnck eienjS t numbers .burnt in' Scotland in these uusef ii; Mr. Ad^y-sailh inatiy ihoustinds. , i693. Catherine Huxley, handed at Worp^ Jane Lakeland, either hanged or burnt at: mil ** r lG64. Alice Hudson and Doll Dilby, tri| ; AJireyHudsnn said she received money;! il^jK^^L^ljiilin^s at a time. About this pel Johnson was tiilld at Hertford, and hanged] he devi|appeared to her,, cleaned her hearf . ..... and hchit#d hoijs out of. the corn. She ' io| Jielp laughing, she said, to see how he fejj m«bout the most remarkable trial on lecord, isj Wih took place before Lord .Chief Justice Ha!| St. Edmonds, anno 1664. One would' ed thatjSQ_^iBjfleiiLa_&ili2.lar;, and so nly to have the effect of rendering him credulous and n.irelenting, followed close'y in the footsteps of his bigoted predecessors. . . . . Amy Duny and Rose Cullender stood <indNed for . .promising the arts of sorcery and witchcraft; :;iul several-witnesses, gave evidence as to the crimes impaled to them;. The prosecutors appear to -have evjnoed great Izeal and; eagerness in their proceedings. They, laid, thirteen indictments against the prisoners, comprehending many charges, founded on facts peiforihed,..nut immediately previous lo their apprehension, but so Ion;;, as any of the witnesses could remember. Tim sum of all the evidence given is briefly as follows:—Against Amy Duny it was sworn, that she once said, ' That the devil would not let her rest •unlilnshe were revenged .on one Cornelius Saisdwell's wife ;' that she told; the jfiid'Saud. well's wife, that if she did not fetch homebergeese from the. common they would be destroyed—and thpy were destroyed ; that, if Cornelius Sand well (whose tenant she was) did not repair the chinjiiey of her house, it would fall.—and it did fall. Then there was terrible testimony concerning a firkin of fish, whiph went far- to prpve the foewihitiing.abilities of poor Amy. Mrs. Cornelius Sand well's brother had sent her a firkin of fine Yarmouth herrings'as a "present; but when she went to fetch it, the sailors told h^r that they believed the devil was in it,'for it leaped into the sea, and was gone; and, "as'Mrs. Sand well. very sagely concluded, all ibis happened at the insiigalion of Ainy'Duny. John Soatnes (another witness) deposed ' that he had three car's 10 carry corn. One of them wrenched Ainy - Duiiy*s house, upon which she came out in a ra-e. and threatened ;—that this same carl was afterwards overturned twice or thrice that day. ;—that the.cart was ulso Si t fast in a gatehead, although they could perceive that it did not touch the pasts.' But the must material evidence was that deposed by Dorothy Dunnett, -whose children these unhappy prisoners were said to have, bewitched. They were afflicted with fits ^the usual malady) which Amy.Duny and . Rose Cullender had-positively and plainly predicted. There was a'so a charge for bewitching one Susan Chandler, ' who looked very thin, and felt a pricking like pins in her stomach.' This evidence, with more of a like diameter, having been circumstantially detailed, the Judge and Jury were very much inclined «to doubt, its veracity; and there was a pause in the proceedings. Tt was resolved, however, that the case should be referred to Sir Thomas Browne, of Norwich, the famous physician of his time, who was then iu Court. This 'was accuidingly done; and Sir Thomas declared it was his opinion, that the devil, in such, cases, did work upon the bodies of men and women, upou a natural foundation, (that is) to stir up and excite such humours superabounding in their bodies to a great excess, whereby he did, in on -extraordinary manner, afflict them with such distempers as tbeir bodies were most subject to, as particularly appeared in the children of Dorothy Duunet ; for he conceived that these swounding fits were natural, and nothing else but that thev call the mother, but on!y heightened to a great excess by the subtlety of jhe devil co-operating with the malice of thesp which we term witches, at whose instance he doth the villanies.' This at once decided the point, in the minds of all but Lord Hale, who still had his doubts ; but he proceeded in such fear, and with so much cauliou, that he would not so much * " The following is a specimen of one of these delectable dialogues ; it took place between the familiar Smac, and Mistress' Joan, the eldest daughter of Throginorton, about sixteen years of age :—' Mistress Joan : From whence came you, Mr. Smac, and what news do you' bring ? Smac : I came from lighting,-Mistress Joan: Wjtb whom, I pray? Smac : with Pluck.—Mistress Joan : Where did you fight, I pray ? Smac : In my old dame's bakehouse (which is an old house in old molber Samuel's yard), and we fought with great cowl-staves last night.•— Mistress Joan : And who got the mastery, .1 pray? Smac : I did, for I broke Pluck's head —Mistress Joan : I would that be had broke your head also. Smac: Is this all the thanks I shall gel for my la hour ?—Mistress Joan : Why do you look for thanks at my hands ? I would vou were all hanged up, one against the other, and dame and til, for you are all naught ; hut it is no matter. I do not well to curse you ; for God, 1 trust, will defend me from you all. This exquisite piece of natural eloquence was delivered in evidence before an English Judge, - umio Domini, 1590, and went far towards the condemnation of the unfortunate delinquents." as suui up the evidence, but left it to the jury, with a prayer, 'That the great God of Heaven would direct their hearts in this weighty matter.' " The consequence of this irresolution in the Chief Justice W4s fatal to tbe prisoners, for in less tliah half ail hour the jury brought them in guilty upon all the ; thirteen several indictments ; and they were condemned and executed—declaring theii innocence to the last."—M orning Advertiser. Most of those who have travelled as far as the genial south, are aware that Catalani has . established a school for 20 indigent young Vocalists, on'her estate near Florence. She has. recently launched one of thein upon the precarious stage of histrionic life, where she will make her appearance under the name of Maselli Catulani. The Parisian Opera will be the scene of her debut. It is one of the obligations ! ; ! The King of Sardinia has been graciously pleased to inlorra the printers in his dominions, " that they should enjoy henceforward entire liberty to priut and publish, provided they would promise, on their oaths, not to publish any thing, political, religious, or literary, that, by its alarming, exciting, or offensive tendency, might give occasion for the displeasure of Government." This is liberty for the press with a vengeance. imposed upon the stholars thus brought up by Calalani, to affix the name of their benefactress to their patronymic. :How to Diminish the Expense of.JSxpatriating Female Paupers.—The parish nf St.. Alary iebone is said to have incurred an expense "~?3Q0, in sending out paupers to Van Diemen's It has been suggested, that from the scarcity males there, if, when the ship arrives. £10 each deinmded before tliey were suffered to leave, money* would'ibriti 1>e paid by the gallant wifeting gentry of the Colony. ' , Wood on Fifete.—Lately, a boy b was employed in driving away the birds in 'id in the neighbourhood of Mere, lighted a'.firt lb" "eld, and subsequently went away, incantiously •g the lire burning. The wind, which was blowsh all the ;day, cariied particles of fire to some ifoinsplantanonfa, bblonging partly lo the Duke of wset, and partly to tlie Marquis of Bath. The bf tire, which extended ovt-r 30 acres, was truly o, and the whole of the wood to that extent was mod. Here was living in 1786 at Brescia,- unt Vitelschi, a most .singular man, and whose y seemed to belong to the middle a^es. All. I have heard of him .announced bim to .be a icter similar to that of ,"Gastracc|o Castraoani. e was only a private individual, his character ed itself, in dissipating, his fortune iu the most aordicary way, committing a thousand follies to ;se the women that lie loved, and killing'his 's. As he was 1 One day walking with his mis- », a man happened to look at her ; Cast down r eyes," cried Vitelesi-.hi; the tnan continujng to at her, Vitelesohi shot him on thespot. . Adventures of this kind were looked upon' butas jieccadilloes iii a ricb patriciau ; but Vilelesohi having killed a distant relation of the noble Venetian family'of Bragadin, was "arrested and thrown into the famous prison at Venice, near the^ poute dei sosperi Vitelschi, who w:is a very hiii'dsisiiie man,'arid lint devoid of eloquence, set about seduciu^ the Jailor's wife'; the jailor suspecliiig Pile intngue, lo&ded;^hitn with irons. Vitelesolii, though iii solitary" euiifirtemfent. in cliains and without mouey, soon succeeded iti interesting his persecutor, though a jkilor, and jealous ; this nian used to pass two hours every day wilh his prisoner. On one ooeaSion Viteleschi said What lorinents me most, is. that whilst I am here ioUiif)f iii chains, my *nemy jjt strutting, about -Brescia.., QbV-gjT; I could but kill htm and tlien die,'' . Tiese fiue jifjiif ' Jiments touched the-jajlor^ who said lo hiin, ' t will ; give; yop your liberty for, your days.' jThe'Cdunt fell i Updii his iieolt, and'on the-foilowing Friday eveiutig, ; quilted the prison. A^'^olv'^aMf^'iiim'tb'&eiitfe;,; wiiere ai sidiula with rays jaivait'ed lliin. "HiS arrived I at Brescia at three u'islock in the afternoon of'SuUday, and tools his post near the cliurdi'door. As his efieiny tshme flut from vespers, ; he stretthM Inm deid-with a shot from a carbine. Not one 'of the-by. slanders thought of arresting Count Vitelesobi ; who calmly returned to his'sedwla, jind was back, iji prison on' Tuesday evening. The SeigneuriS of Venice were soon informed of this* new murder, and Count Viieles- : chi was brought heibre them, scarcely able to bold hanselfup, so enfeebled was'he,by confinement. On' the accusation heiii^ read—" How many witnesses have sigued this new calumny ?" asked Vilelesnhi, with a sepulchral voioe. • More than twp hundred,' was the answer. 1 Your excellencies, know, however, that on Sunday last, the day of the murder, I was ' in the cursed prison ; you may now see h'ow numerous are my enemies.' This reasoning .shook some of the old judges, the young ' ones favoured Viteleschi. on account of the singularity of-bis character, and in a short time, owing to'this fiesh murder, he was sfet at liberty. A year after, the jailor received, through the.hands of a priest, one hundred and • thirty thousand Venetian lire, (about .90,000 frs.) tbe price of the sole remaining unmortgaged property that Viteleschi possessed. This determined, impassioned, and extraordinary individual, whose life would /nake a tnost interesting volume, lived to a good old age, to the terrorall his neighbours. A curious story is told of his having lived concealed for fifteen days in a chimney for the purpose of watching his mistress, whom to his great joy he found faithful. She was iu the habit of receiviug the visits of a rich young man who was enamoured of her, but whom she was desirous of securing- fis a husband for her daughter. Viteleschi, convinced of her innocence, dropped suddenly from the chimney, and said to the astonished young man, " You have had a most fortuuate escape ; see what it is to have to do with a man of probity 1 Another in my place ivould have killed you withoutverifying tbe fact." He once, at the approach of Easier, made one of his retainers affect to be in u.rticulo mortis, and send for the confessor of this same mistress ; the holy man having partaken of some refreshments in which opium had been mixed fell asleep ; when Viteleschi borrowed his clothes, in which he disguised himself aud repaired to the church, whether h; knew his mistress was to go that day to make her confession.— Naples, and Florence," sec From Stendahl's " Rome ond edit. ? 