'THE SYDNEY MONITOR. WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, DEC.5, 1832. I fully admit the right, and not only the right out the duty, of every man, to watch closely and vigilantly, the adnmiistration of Law, and Justice.-(Speech of the Duke of Wellington in the House of Lords, 22d Feb. 1829.) (Letter to LoRnVIxscoYNT Howica, dated Sydney; the ~0th Nov., continued -from: \-- our last.) . Supposing. "however, that the c"ircum -stancese of the Colony are such as your ?Lordship states, namely,--that the Emati cipists and their offspring greatly exceed those of the .Emigrants ; and that in lieu of that community of political sentiment which actually prevails: between -both classes, they are- as hostile to ench .other-as Earl Grey'-inls:the great Tories .,of Efdgladdzheostile to the Whigs,.. does .-'this, permit me'to ask your Lirdshlip,: .afford' just ground( for nmaking laws and taxing both -parties in the whitn ..and pleasure' of fifteeni -nen,. appointed by the. Crown:? ..If - i des, .an your tilordship show, that the stame line of iargument- will -not ,apply,t t the . United Kingdom itself, and that. in consequence. of tire extremely diverse views of the Tories on the one side, and the Whigs and Radicals on: the other (a controversy .centuriesold),:the Kinrgin ,Council should himself .t:ake the laws and levy the taxes. for 'oth 1iarties-witithout theointerference view. If your Lordship verily believes in .yourowyn'talgiment, how.-could you can-, sctentiously have granted us --'Trial -by Jury ? AiA-Emancipist ship-builder, .-or wool-grower. or tanner, or soap-boiler, -,may. make a very excellent- member of a ..House.ofrAssemnbly (the.Emigrants them -selves beiug Judges), when the subjects :.i.f abipi- buiiding, .wool-growing, tanning, and the manufacturing of --soap are under discussion; ..but the 'Emigrants might feel, .not. quite so .satisfied, .ift in being pladed. at the bar of our Criminal ..Court, they .were *to.see a Jury arrayed to ,4ry them,- consisting -wholly of Emareci .pi?.d ' Athd while'I. am on this point; .1 wouild. beg leave to observe to your Lord . ship, that in all-eriminal trials,-'the right of i"-hallenge should be. given to an arraignedr :'Eiiighant as to anEmnancipist Jury, when," the latter exceed half- the 'panel, and itbe' sine ' right -to an arraigned Emanci: f4titt, on being "ariraigned by Emigrant .r35toris,;Rihesi: they also exceed half -the ., panel; .otherwise, as I have stated-bufore, ini whatever: way' th:at nrgument " of your Lordship which is grounded on the distinc .tion -between Emigiant and Emancipist may, be .taken, it lhas: much less wei. ht against' granting a House of Assembly ,,than ".xial by Jury. If an Emnnnipist be'fit to siti s:as J'uryman on the trial of an- Enigrant inna case -of life and-death. Sslie "i? certainly' fit to make -:lws -Which sh. ll rotmote trade generally, and-to pro tiet'h property-lron impolitic- taxation and a -is-government of. eery- kind, andtfrom every class of men. lut nmy -Lord, the Colonists believe, that' your, Lordshii,'-s judgment is. warped aagainst a House of Assembly by your being conscit?ss that you will then lose the patronage whioh'the sum of £a20,000 (the amount bf,oiurRe , venue) -now invests you. with ; and that Sthis.is the secret reason which induced you to grant 'the greater (Trial b~r Jury) and io refuse the less. :-In'the, course' of -your speech, -your Lordshiipquotes an'instance of presutp lion ..in the conduct of an Etnancipit iwhom you desigiate by name., 'But ' ou ilhould' have considered, that Gover nor Darling (no encourager of ehtancipist |,resum:'tion) himself sanctioned the con tract which 'huat Emancipist imade *ith' . the Cozmmis- ary'h ere. Now if thaemn tract were broken, was it presumptioni :to djiipeal for redress toyour Lordship.?. Is justi-e due to amigrants only ? 'If :an Emancipist gain wealth, either by the.pa tronage of the local Government, or by bis own unlpatronised industry, and be wroniged; yet cannot from the in'firmity of the laws gain redress in our - local Courts, is it fair to reflect on a petitioning indivjdud'l, who, whatever he once wis, petitioried tlhe Home Governnment as a ,.,; public cunl~iclor, sanclioned in such ca .: -.poapity by the local Governmuent.? Justlice , 'il dla' to the worst of men. Hlow,much more then t, a Colonist who, havinig Sserved his sentence (seven years), is Ipa. tronised by the local Government.for..his Iteady habits of business ? The' denial of SJu~tigo in tlis cvase, caused the party o l, come bankrupt. Supposing this resullt to crave little pity save to his creditors, yet the wife of the party is a native of the Co lony,.a person.of character. and his chil dr-.n are natives of the second generation. YThr Lirdship has'denounced Ihe-head cif this innocent race in Parliament; thence your condemnation will tavel round the -world: 'Yet the record of the trial of the party will shew, the possibility of his in nocence. At.all events,, it is certain he -was not tried-for the low crime stated by! ,your: Lnrdshp; nor was-he of. dishonest -courses before his apprehension. He is a Frenchman, and served .under Napo leon in the 'Peninsula. His' case met with consideration by the Governor here, who granted him a ticket-of leave the'moment. he arrived. He never abused that indulgence. He never ap piashed. in -a.Court of Justice in this Co lbny, charged with even the slightest mis deimeanour ;'a c ircdumstaince which' is very. surprising. He -has carried on extensive. concerns, and btrt for General Darling's coilduct anld your.Lordship's, his creditors' would never have s'iffered loss hy.hitn.' Looking to that part of your.Lordship' s speech which.relates.to the Revenue, 1 beg to state, thiit.the-duty.on tobacco was not.laidon.-by desire of "'the Culonists;"" but by our growers of tobacco, one of them being a Misember of Couancil. .Your;.Lord ship in this little instance, might see the evil of a close Council. y~ecause a certain foolish tax has hbeen laid on by our Couuncil;, your LdrdshipAs ,pleased'to consider it as laid on.by'thke'cOl ,nts i :as if.the Conn cil and the Colonists had any thing, in common ? The Council and the Colonists Imveinothing in common. `The Council is opposed in every important principle ..to the voice of tlhe people, and is 'the-subject of their contempt, froa?. the ueaxtravagance and ignorance.it, has generally, evinced in its fis-al; munipipal,,.police, and judicial regulations. 'A late Act respectingCourts of Reques's; is-a"tissue of' ahsurdity, and treats the Coloinists as if they were chil dren, preventing merchants front giving the settlers credit even .for. the emall sum of ..10, 'lest' 'the settler should get into debt, while it oiimits to discourage credit above 10 !, -eo that, the.Il,w. tends in fact to discourage small credits, and to encou rage large ! In short,.my, Irdl, ,tise:pueri lity of our close "Ouncil'-is beyond your Lordship's conception, iand has-become a 'subject of ' mirlh utnongstlus. :1 agree vit'h yciur Loird.hip,: that. .the ,tax on the timportation and distillation of iSpirits, is the best .tax wh'cl..can.lbea.in v. nted for New~.South Wales, whe4her the :large product of the tax, or the protection it affords the 'morals -of- the Colony res pectively, be considered. . IfColpnial'Dis 'tillation'could 'be' made to supersede.the 'importation, of ,sirits, without either .loweriang the price of 'pirits, or the .amount .of the RIevenue, it would .nly:be- just .to 'Distillation, One way, to accomplish *this w'ould be, to" add" to 'the rtlty on ,Colonial Distillation, and to add twice that. addition to.,that on foreign.. -.lhis would 'indeed render- smnggling.moroe ten ptiiig; but I think the expense of extra Customs' Offi' ers might be sacrificed to the well being of-our Iistillers, two of- .whom 'have expende.a a very large fortune each onr theirdistilling premises.a lI proportion 'howevdr -as -the production of ;malt- for :spirits is encouraged, w,uld the distilli> tion of grape brandy be.. discourziged; 4mnd this .Colony is more of a wine- than a malt courtry. Your LUrdship states, ,that""':the Le ,gislative Council consists-of eighty-seven of the most respectable- men in 'herColo rny." This of course is- an error-of the 'Press. -Of. the fifteen members, seven only are not civil officers ; a minority' by one on evety,.question .when sainries-.and .fees are increased, and other bbithens laid on the Colonists . If.by the term ' rtes pectable," your Lordship .-menn to say the citizen members can maintain a ma jority,. or be likely to- feel disposed 'to re sist the blandishments of .court'favuour, I utterly dissent from your Lotdsliip. " Ido not think'there4are seven such respecthble men to be found in this.conununity. Your Lordship also states, that "'-'every law passed by.the Council, must be-pub lished in tlheGazette some time-before it is broughtt ino-operation." -'It is directed by the' New South Wides Act, that the '" Heads.f, evry bill" shill be publi' herd a'fewil?a"y before' the Ipssing of it. A provisimon for the. -lprotection of the' Colo nists .from bad laws, wnich has. been found to-tie a perfecl ·,nrEkcry. Your - Lordship: further..states, - thit "the Autlorities' at home.would-instantly on.recei ing intelligenoce of the enacement' of any oujectionaule measure,-disallow it." ' SIn the' first "pluae, experience' makes a-gain?tyour Lordship's: -ciinlu~iion. Of the numerous litws pasised ly the Counril in General -Darlingf's time,-subversive of the lawse of- England fundamnentally, and more-severe in the penalties than the same laws in England, not one thut I can remember was'disallowed by the Authiori ties at home.' T'he Press Act, for in stance, continued unaepealed, till it e? pired 'ecordiitu to its own provisions. Blesitles,' how :is your Lordship to know when the 'law is bad I 'hat you do not pay any' great regardi to the opinions of the Colonial, Press, is pretty evident from the general tenor of your Lordship's speech, And as to the information you may derive from the Governor as to his own acts, such information may satisfy your Lordship, but you cannot expect it to sanisfy the Colonists: Your Lordship insinuates, that General Darling was accused in my journal, the Sydney Monitor, of murder. This is a mistake. I never accused General Dar- ling of murder. On the contrary, I ever asserted, that althopgh the charge of ma- lice on the part of Governor Darling, as against private Joseph Sudds, might pos- sibly admit ot explanation, the charge of malice brought against him on the part of private Patrick Thompson the fellow- sufferer of Sudds, could admit of no such explanation ; and for this reason, General Darling might, through the timidity of the jail surgeon in his not sending him word of Sudds's illness (when sick in the Jail hospital), have remained ignorant of the mortal effects of those chains, till it was too late to remedy their destructive result on Sudds's mind and body. Not so after Sudds's death. As the General continued the chains on Thompson, till he also had nearly given up the ghost, notwithstanding their dire effects on Sudds, it is clear, that had Thompson died, the Gen. must then have been guilty of mali- ciously causing his death. This, my Lord, I have said repeatedly in my journal, and I say so still; and I challenge, General Darling to disprove its correctness. I perceive that that zealous' friendl of New South Wales Mr Daniel. .O'Coimadi,. in..his anxiety tu. introduce tile:" principle ..if repre senttation iiito this Colotiy, coindeat'irdetl to ai bkfr s1a8sinll.a. tilumtbec,as ferar IsmHera,' outof the fifteen appointilte l v ttlie Crotv. fr.rthe making. of otir laws and.,,tle levying and disbursemuent of our taxes,. My Lord, I settled in this Colony- soon aifter the arrival 'of Governor eluarkusae. I have been a diligent uoserver of the working of thie ilifereiit systemis of Governient botha executive, legislative, and judicial; and I have no hesitation in saying, that the despotic Government of Gov. rn?r Macquarie,, (andl I hive reason to believe the same of all previ. our GoverIors) was more popular, than .ally since introduced. The Goavernanent 'of our early Rulers was p.atriiarchal in proporiion to its despotic nature, the judic:al part' was cheaper, tnore "expeditious and qqlitahle. and the laws were mrach milder; tlhoughl I I admait that the errors gros?, anll evel:ludi crols, were made in those timnes..in our miu. nicipal and sumpntuary laws.; The "improve meats, as they have tbeen called, .by.a; Cuuacil having been given to the gr rtertam r. 'have renilered the :will of, the lait'rvl~iry'(/y.manore artbitrarjWity reducing his1 respondtabiity, anttI byv irocurlin hiiui a strong- par3y c6 ,spp~rLt, all obnoxious ameasures. Witli respect to itxming 'le hpe pld as one tyrant is'sifter than fifteGyi,,iaidtifteen than nineteen, I considler thle aldhllon of four mnenllters to our hiegislalimie' Clouncil, as,propose'll by tmhe Cotincil, woid-llbe adding to its dtlslnotie and ii repontsible authority, iit Ithe proportion that four bears to lhiinetelln. 'The Loyal Goverlnntit wouldhi unlautiteitly procure four inemnbet, (or even doouble the numnher) 4Wo ile elected of t?hrir '6urn c/oice. But the Governuinent could ns,t le dutre'efsul -in the electioin offtiy. \Vilile' tIlh four so elected, wiouln tie inuore thie enianties of the people than the' other fifteeittoiving to thle very nkture of their-election. .Tn?.reforr, so far froll asenlting to such an aditio t tilthe ,preaent Legislative Counciil. 'conaider, that to reduce its nuinters would be mtch shifer foir the Cu?,lonietl; and the in fact, the restortioin of the Executive and Legisla.ive'fiuncettns to the person of.the Governor, as in fornmer days, wouhld be'tho on y improvement of wlhich the eire ' t.' l i i " ...· s . . t .t ,I .-I'IL ( Hi'A e ls e , a n u . tlra ýli?.. i alrnel a o sseenist. freely ellosel t1 ithe Hous'holdess of the Colony; antilAvho,.t 'prevenit riot and debauchery, sn*ut.t be chuseh Ity ballot. Il one part of your risrdsi 'ps reply, you argue. that allthough M r Bulbver I;id grounded Ihti claim for legislation by Rftaeiselitatioii, ont thec aus"a. of the pr.:sent Ltc*ul 'Givern mnent, yet, that in etiumeratintl?'lhse abuter, he hadll nentiofed hut one, aratnely, the ulea sures which'thte Governor had adopted ugea oat tie Sydney pre.-s; and your. lordshipl theu. adds, that that abuse hadl been corrected, as sooni asit became known to the Homle Govera. tilent. If this were the fact,'the circumnstance was inever klIown to he" Coltnis~i, ii- proif of whih Ii 1 would state, that after,? ?ilg in jail some rtime,' moself was proseeuted wvitho,,ut .in. 'rntission, uani went up to fitae Suprcene Court to receive three additional !entilcres for libels filed ex-.,ffico- At lenIgth, afaer sixteen tmonlths incarceration, I vas, ttla ang Ivitlha. "?buser i of other 'lriaam'rs.i ad?pla.te'I Ieiheng, "th!e celehbrhi|i lif his present ?Jt estlY a,-aen sioii to' 'the thromie. But' the Crile?etpio',n for certain penahlies, nioounting ti 310t?l., tesult. iini froo Gayerinor I).'rliiig's'Prass` Act, was renewed al 'ter my release, iit it ceaseld onIly Svwith the raminurs of. -tle Governor's beiuag about to be recalled. During these prousecutlons, Lhr Guaeriih's preldecessor vwri.,iLts the (ChiefJustice of Ithis Colouii, in a style. -wlsich could i?ot be imia inlderstood, iansaily. urginig on.;iiin the mie ressi?iy of his keoepisg friienls wis, aOi'verniir Darlinag I 'lhiat is 'tat say, Ike necessiey of a Chief Justice abantadsiisg his awn seas) ai' duty in opposinir Governor D.urthiig's lbreaclhs of the lavw,' aid of, i:iitcntl, bslmfft'Criia I1 inliitiitv of comnpromising his Ciicncistc illc oa pain of being sIpersedled. A colldtlute, oia Itse part of. asuch pre.e.cessor of Lral (ltderi. h, whilch, if it lud beei .exercised ,owiards amen of rdak aid weath lan thle Motlher Country, wvould perhaps haveo celled for illlpeualclhm; r, b1at mthich.; xerciseal toivarhs ;l'h.lth'ltliistait comnnaunltity like this. Iecomes no offelce. Th'refore, uiad .uli:a.rleiew of ahlihtihd cirecuin. stalnces, if, as your Lardllhip hllegs, Go.. vertir Darliii did receive oralers to dtiscoi tiiue itis opplresslo of thle Pr's, I. whvlo wtas Iharrasedtl mchiI prosecutiaas for four years withuut intermissioi aand who lay iii jail uone third part of that pIerodl, kiow [ao.htig of it. BLut even if it were so, it is clear that a Go verimor hlius time cnoughi ietwveeai the acru. satlioa andl the remadv, to r'ias any mmoderate alumlter of Uaollliisls he ainglrs unt fir ites trucnoai. And teifcr .he has :so dlne, it: nppoars, tllhat whell I.ho. lshil retura homne, hlie will .ie hIuonoured lay his QiteeI. anil tie. sa1ppiirted huthi hii aid out of Parliaaaieiit,' wiihi the oveivlwhdlalillmi itlfluleiiCO Of his Maje'tv's liniislers. For,. your Lorhhliipl, in your reply to Mr Buhvlwer, vinedicates Giuvernaor lI)~iriilg from the " shardoro of error," as far us you hid hall tine to exltniamle ito thIe chargea made gaionst him ain butii, t thle maine timla, as if to :hcW tliaut yoaa, were the mos nft tit pertou in the wirlhl to are as Juldlge helwecln the ,t,.cuq?rs I .'lhe aceased, yout desigtate tle chirges ,of tdie foriner in oplprolIriotds inguag' Ahlltiw ia.e, my Lordl as aie of ,(overnor Darling ' 'cpclfer?i undl as feelinig deheply iatrcariest i this ~?art of yiaur ai'rdshii's spee'b, lo mw, thiat I hulI such condona n the Ipart of youur!Lor',drlship to be highly imnoral. , I hqi tie tha hnour to remain, : ly Lrd,, . . Your Lordship's miostobluedlient, . .:..... , kIb. ALL. 