HISTORICAL FACTS. 'There is a lime when the hoary head of invet erate almsc-will neither draw reverence nor obtain protection.' — Uukke-. In a recent N'o. 'of Taifs Edinburgh jifagaxinc, we find adduced the following striking illustrations as to the comparative state of the clergy in various parts abroad : Tho state (it is observed) of the Clergy of the United States of America, who de-i pend for their support entirely upon their hearers,, is comfortable and respectable ;- — the Roman Catholic Clergy of Ireland who are supported by voluntary contributions of; the poorest flock in the world, are look ed upon by their congregations as friends and benefactors: — the Episcoj-al Bishop* oi!.Scot!and are living: with adequate dig nity on the ..incomes of their Chapels: — and the ?congregation of Protestant dissenters, throughout England, are flourishing under the, saihe principle of management ; white the well paid and over-gorged Law-church Establishment is every day dwindlingawny. WE are ourselves (adds the Commenta tor) acquainted with a parish in Ireland, the tithes of which, by composition, amount to more than £400 a-year. There are but four Protestant, amongst nearly two ft und »W Catholics \ There is no Church,, nor has ihe race of tho Incumbent been eeenfor yenrs! ! Church cess (independent of Tithes) is charged on the tvlioie contHuinity, because these four families frequent, the church of the neighbouring parish. On the subject of non-residence, a .Lon don penny Paper entitled ' a slap at .the Church,* computes that there are upwards of (-,-:00 livings in the English Church, in ?which there is not even n nominal, resident;, and out -of -7,107 of the richer benefices, upwards of 3000 are without resident', ow ing to 'cathedral and collegiate promotions, nnd other causes. Some time ago the nun* ber of pluralities wos 1,797. That number lias increased lately to 2,100. This computation is without reference to N. S. Wales and other Colonies. Fallacious Mope of iNSTnucTtoN.-— Al an annual exiuninption.lu.toly. at a certain Iligh-chureh-and-State establishment . not a thousand miles from S ? y, t he-pit pi l« having all been carefully parroted, one boy who had learned to repeat the 'Belief.' happening to be taken ill, another boy who had never got off the whole by role, was put in the sick absentee's place. On the examination day accordingly, when asked — :* What do you believe in?' he answered j with some naivete, ' No then ; the boy wot; believes in the Holy Ghost is ill at home in, bed!' 