ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Accounts from Batavia, of the 7th of February, say--'' In the course of January and February heavy rains, and subsequent inundations, have done great damage in many parts of Java. The mountain Giger Bintang has partly sunk down in three places ; the extent of which is, together, 4,400 square rods. On the 23d of January a part of the mountain of Goenong Bongkok sunk down, in consequence of which the water in the rivers Tynoudanet and Tysfmoet became red, like blood, and the fish were killed. The waters have, however, considerably subsided within these few days." Mu. Martin's Act--The officers of the So ciety'"against' Cruelty last week caused Edward Batrum to be committed for one month to prison, for great cruelty to an ass, by Alderman Wilson ; and Thomas Simpsoh to 14 days, by Mr. Elyard, for a similar offence. Hackney Coachman, 909, to be fined 10s. and costs : and drover, 42 B., in costs for ill-treating their cattle. They also brought several other similar charges. Wednesday Dr. Christyson was elected Pro- fessor of Materia Medica of the University of Edinburgh. The number of votes for him was 22 ; for the other candidate, Dr. Robertson, 11. A Fashionable Glossary.-The meaning of many words in common use having undergone a material change within the last thirty years, the fol- lowing fashionable glossary may be found useful : Age: An infirmity nobody knows. At Home: A domestic amusement of 300 visitors, called a rout: Common sense : A vulgar quality. Conscience : Something to swear by. Day : Night ; or strictly speaking, from ten p. m. to six a. m. Debt : A necessary evil. Economy: Obsolete. Friend: Meaning not known. Hospitality : Obsolete. Husband : A person employed to pay one's debts. Love : But for novels and romances, would be ob- solete. Morality : A troublesome interrupter of pleasure. Nonsense: Polite conversation. Not at home: Sitting in one's own parlour. New: Delightful. Old: Insufferable. Pay: Only ap- plicable to visits. Religion : Occupying a seat at some genteel chapel. Style: Splendid extrava- gance. Time: Only regarded in music.—Cab. The following extract from Croker's edition of Boswell's life of Johnson, may prove interesting to some of our readers :-- "Nov. 29, 1755. " Case for the opinion of Mr. Attorney General. Mr. Samuel Johnson has lately published a book entitled-A Dictionary of the English language &c.; Under the title Excise are the following words : 'Excise. A hateful tax levied upon commodi- ties, and adjudged not by the common judges of property, but wretches hired by those to whom ex- cise is paid. The authors definition being observed by the Commissioners of Excise, they desire the favour of your opinion. ' Qu. Whether it will be considered as a libel, and if so, whether it is not proper to proceed against the author, printers, and publishers thereof, or any or which of them by information, or how otherwise ? « I am of opinion that it is a libel. But under all the circumstances, I should think it better to give him an opportunity of altering his definition ; and, in case he do not, to threaten him with an in- formation. ' W. MURRAY." It is a curious coincidence that the observer of human nature too often has the mortification to see, namely, that the greatest and stoutest asserters for public liberty are generally the greatest tyrants in every thing concerning themselves, and whenever they have an opportunity to let their power be felt and known. The following letter which appears in the Garrick correspondence, just published, from the great anonymous champion Junius, shews this in a very striking light. What can be more rude, overbearing, and indeed we may add ruffian and swing like than the manner of tile following, addressed to Mr. Garrick, merely because he in- formed his- friend of a circumstance in which the public curiosity was naturally much excited, and which had been freely and unreservedly communi- cated to him without any secrecy whatever, namely, that Junius would write no more : Junius to Mr. Garrick, Nov. 10th, 1771. ' 1 am very exactly informed of your practices, and of the information you so busily sent to Rich- mond, and with what triumph and exultation it was received. I knew every particular of it the next day.-Now, mark me, vagabond !-Keep to your pantomines, or be sure you shall hear of it. Meddle no more, thou busy informer !-It is in my power to make you curse the hour in which you dared to interfere with ' Junius.* The secret of the difficulties of those people who make a great deal of money, and yet are always in want of it, is this—they throw it away as soon as they got it, on the first whim or extravagance that strikes them, and have nothing left to meet ordi- nary expenses, or discharge old debts.-Hazlitt CHARACTER OF THE LATE MR. CANNING.-Up to this time [1822] Mr. Canning had, through a long career—a career continued through nearly 30 years—been the forward and unflinching opponent of popular principles and concessions. He had never once shrunk from abridging the liberties of the subject,—he had never once shown trepidation at any extraordinary powers demanded by the crown. With his arms folded, and his looks erect, he had sanctioned without scruple, the severest laws against the Press ; he had advocated the ar- bitrary imprisonment of the free citizen, he had eulogised the forcible repression of public meetings; he had constantly declared himself the determined opponent of parliamentary reform ; the only one subject on which he professed liberal opinions (the Catholic question) in corroboration of the theory we set out with, was precisely that subject to which the great bulk of the community was indisposed. Such had been the career—such was the character of Mr. Canning up to 1822. In 1827 he died— the arch Jacobin of Europe. * * * * Like most men who have risen to great eminence, Mr. Canning owed much to chance. He was lucky in the time of his decease—in the day of his deser- tion. To very few has it happened to be supported by a party as long as its support was useful—to be repudiated by it when its affection would have been injurious. The same men who, as friends, had given him power, as enemies, conferred on him reputation. But his glory is not connected with any great act of legislation. No law will tra- vel to posterity protected by his name. After ge- nerations will see in him much to admire—little to be grateful for. The memorialist will delight in painting the talents he displayed—the historian will find little to say of the benefits he bestowed.— From the New Monthly Magazine. Auld Robin Gray.-Lady Anne Barnard, bom . died 1825, sister of the late Earl of Bal carras, and wife of Sir Andrew Barnard, wrote the charming song of Auld Robin Gray. A quarto tract, edited by " the Ariosto of the North," and circulated among the members of " the Bannatyne Club," contains the original ballad, as corrected by Lady Anne, and two continuations by the same authoress ; while the introduction consists almost entirely of a very interesting letter from her to the Editor, dated July 1823, part of which I take the liberty of inserting here :-" Robin Gray, so called from its being the name of the old herd at Balcarras, was born soon after the close of the year 1771. My sister Margaret had married, and accompanied her husband to London ; I was me- lancholy, and endeavoured to amuse myself by at- tempting a few poetical trifles. There was an an- cient Scotch melody of which I was passionately fond ;-, who lived before your day, used to sing it to us at Balcarras. She did not object to its having improper words, though I did. I longed to sing old Sophy's air to different words, and give to its plaintive tones some little history of virtuous distress in humble life, such as might suit it. While attempting to effect this in my closet, I called to my little sister, now Lady Hardwicke, who was the only person near me, I have been writing a ballad, my dear; I am oppressing my heroine with many misfortunes. 'I have already sent her Jamie to sea-and broken her father's arm-and made her mother fall sick-and given her old Robin Gray for her lover; but I wish to load her with a fifth sorrow within the four lines, poor thing! Help me to one.' ' Steal the cow, sister Anne,' said the little Elizabeth." The cow was immediately lifted by me, and the song completed. At our fireside, and amongst our neighbours, Auld Robin Gray was always called for. I was pleased with the ap- probation it met with : but such was my dread of being suspected of writing anything perceiving the shyness it created in those who could write nothing, that I carefully kept my own ' secret. Meantime, little as this matter seems to have been worthy of a dispute, it afterwards became a party question between the 16th and 18th centuries. Auld Robin Gray was either a very ancient ballad, composed perhaps by David Rizzio, and a great curiosity, or a very modern matter, and no curiosity at all. I was persecuted to avow whether I had written it or not-where I had got it. Old Sophy kept my counsel, and I kept my own, in spite of the gratification of seeing 20 guineas offered in the newspapers to the person who should ascertain the point past a doubt, and the still more flattering cir- cumstance of a visit from Mr. Jerningham, Secre- tary to the Antiquarian Society, who endeavoured to entrap the truth from me in a manner I took amiss. Had he asked me the question obligingly, I should have told him the fact distinctly and con- fidentially. The annoyance, however, of tbis im portant Ambassador from the Antiquaries was amply repaid to me by the noble exhibition of the " Ballet of Auld Robin Gray's Courtship," as per- formed by dancing dogs under my window. It proved its popularity from the highest to the lowest, and gave me pleasure while I hugged myself in obscurity."-From a work just published, entitled, Specimens of British Poetesses ; selected and chrc nnlogicaUg arranged by the Rev. Alexander Dyer, B. A. Oxon. Braham's Parrot---The following anecdote of Braham'* parrot is curious :-.Parrots, like cuckoos, form their notes deep in the throat, and show great aptitude in imitating the human voice. ' A most remarkable instance I met with at Mr. Braham's villa at Brompton. A lady, who had great admi- ration for his talents, presented him with a parrot, on which she had bestowed great pains in teaching it to talk. After dinner, during a pause in the conversation, I was startled by a voice from one corner of the room calling out, in a strong hearty manner, " Come, Braham, give us a song!" Nothing could exceed the surprise and admiration of the company. The request being repeated, and not answered, the parrot struck up the first verse of " God save the King," in a clear, warbling tone, aiming at the style of the singer, and sang it through. The ease with which this bird was taught was equally surprising with the performance. The same lady prepared him to accost Catalani, when dining with Mr. Braham, which so alarmed Madame, that she nearly fell from her chair. Upon his commencing " Rule Britannia," in a loud and intrepid tone, the chantress fell on her knees before the bird, exclaiming in terms of delight her admiration of its talents. This parrot has only been exceeded by Colonel Kelly's, who, upon being asked to sing, replied, " I never sing on a Sunday. " Never mind that, Poll ; come, give us a song." " No, excuse me, I've got a cold ; don't you hear how hoarse I am?" This extraor- dinary creature performed the three verses entire of " God save the King," words and music, without hesitation, from the beginning to the end.- Gar- diner's Music of Nature. In the London Prica Current of July 18, we find the following statement made regarding the wool of this Colony : Wool.-The public sales of New South Wales ond Van Diemen's Land wool, which consisted of 1500 bales, were well attended, and went off well, but not so briskly or at such high prices os the last sales. The market generally is flat, owing to the small stock of wool on hand, which is less than it has been for many years past, we therefore expect a brisk demand for the new wools when they ar- rive, the manufacturers being very bare of wools. A second joint-stock Bank Company is about to be established in Birmingham, with a capital of half a million. The number of shares is already taken. Died-On the 14th June, nt Montreal, Jane, the wife of John Banner Price, Esq. Assistant Commissary General, aged 39 years. Mr. J. Burman, joiner, of Louth, has lately placed in the churchyard a gravestone to the me- mory of his wife, who died a few months ago ; the stone is about a yard high and 17 inches broad, and has upon it the following remarkable inscription, being a passage from scripture:-"1 Samuel, x., verse 24:-And all the people shouted, and .said, ' God save the King!'"-Many persons daily re sort to see it, and are astonished that such a passage should be selected for a wife's epitaph.-Lincoln Mercury. Mr. Warburton's amendment,. which provides that all Coroner's Inquests shall he held in open Court, and which was carried oii Wednesday night (June 19) in the House of Commons, is likely to be very generally approved of. (From the Votes and Proceedings of the House of Commons, Mortis 19 ° die Junii, '1832.) Resolutions reported : " 1. That seed corn may be admitted to be im- ported into Ireland without payment of duty, under certain regulations and restrictions. " 2. That the additional duty of 3½ upon every square yard of printed manufactures of linen and cotton, wlien imported, shall cease and determine. " 3. That the duties of Customs now payable on the several articles, matters, and things, hereinafter mentioned, shall cease and determine, and that the following duties shall be paid thereon, that is to say.-(The articles and duties appeared in our paper of yesterday. ) " 4. That the drawbacks of the duties of Cus- toms now allowed on the exportation of goods from the United Kingdom (except those on wine, manu- factures of silk, tobacco, and manufactured i ice or paddy) shall cease and determine. .' 5. That no duty shall he payable on woollen and linen mixed, the manufacture of the United Kingdom, exported to any port or place within tha limits1 of the East India Company's Charter. " 6. That no duties shall be payable on the, im- portation into any of the British possessions in America of drugs, gums, or rosins, dye wood, cabinetmakers' wood, hemp, flax, or tow. "7. That it is expedient to amend the laws re- lating to the Customs, and also an Act of the 59th year of his late Majesty, for carrying into effect a Convention of Commerce between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal." Resolutions agreed to; Bill ordered to he brought in by Mr. Poulett Thomson and Mr. Rice. Mil. Dept. Fort St. George, August 10, 1832.- In consequence of the very long period of time that has elapsed without any accounts being re- ceived of the ship Guildford on which Captain E. Lake of the Engineers embarked for Europe, and as no reasonable hope can be entertained of the safety of that vessel the Right Honourable the Governor in Council is pleased to direct that that Officer be struck off the strength of the Army, from the 28th of December, 1830. Will of an Earl of Pembroke.-Imprimis. For my soul, I confess, I have heard very much of souls, but what they are, or whom they are, or what they are for, God knows, I know not ; they tell me now of another world, where I never was, nor do I know one foot of the vvay thither. While the King stood, I was of his religion, made my son wear a cassock, and thought to make him a Bishop; then carne the Scots mid made him a Presbyterian ; and since Cromwell entered, I have been an Independent, There, I believe, are the kingdom's three estates, and if any of these can have a soul, I may claim one; therefore, if my executors do find 1 have a soul, I give it to him who gave it to me."- Item. I give my deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know will preserve them, because he denied the King'a buck out of his own park -Item. I give nothing to Lord Say ;'which legacy give him, because I know he will bestow it on the poor.-Item. To Tom May I give five shillings: I intended linn more; but whoever .has seen his History, of-the Parliament, thinks five shillings too much.--- Item. I give Lieutenant General Cromwell one, word of mine, because hi- therto he never kept his own., Item, I give up the ghost. Female Valour and Longevity.-There is a tomb erected in Brighton churchyard to (he memory of a female, named Hassell. The tablet bears the following inscription :-" Sacred to the memory of Phoebe Hassell, born September 1, 1715. She served for many years as a private soldier in the 5th regiment of " H, in different parts of Europe, and in 1755 fought under the Duke of Cumberland, in the battle of Fontenoy, where she received a bayonet-wound in the arm ; her long life, which commenced in the reign of Queen Anne, induced hst late Majesty, George the 4 th, to grant her a pension. Site died at Brighton, where she had Iong resided, December 12, 1823, aged 108 years. King's Jesters,-In the reign of Henry III. a crown was given by Royal authority to a person who made the King laugh-(vide Hume' History). In the time of Edward II. a hearty laugh cost the King four crowns. We find in the " Antiquary Repertery" the following article in one of the King's accounts: " Item. When the King was at Wolmer, to Morris, then Clerk of the Kitchen who, when the King was hunting, did ride be- fore the King, and often fall down from his horse, whereat the King laughed greatly. Blessings or Matrimony.-I nevertheless think that the blessingasof matrimony, like those of poverty, belong ruther ,to philosophy than reality. .Let us see-not one woman in fifty mar ries the man she likes-and though it may be safest-why I could never understand-it is not pleasamtest to begin with a little aversion. Let us just go through a day in married life. First, an early breakfast - for the husband is obliged to go out. On the miseries of early rising, like those of the country, I need not dwell : they are too well known. He reads the nowspaper, and bolts his roll-she takes care that Miss Laura does not dirty her frock, and that Master Henry does not eat too much; he goes to his office or count- ing-house-she to market-for remember I am speaking of a good wife-some pounds of beef or mutton are to be ordered at the butcher's, the baker has charged an extra loaf, and the green-grocer has to be paid four shillings and two-pence. On her return home, there is the housemaid to be scolded for not scouring the front bed-room-and the cook's conduct requires animadversión for yesterday's underdone veal. Perhaps, in the course of the morning, Mrs. Smith calls with an account of Mrs. Johnson's elegant new pelisse ; and when Mons. le Mari returns to dinner, he suffers the full weight of the discontent one woman's new dress never fails to inspire in another. Evening conies, and the matrimonial tête-à-tête is proverbial-" what can I have to say to my wife, whom I see every day?" Well, he reads some pamphlet or sleeps . -she brings out the huge work-basket, doomed to contain and repair the devastations of seven small children-she has given up her maiden accomplishments-and, of course, a married woman has no time for music and reading. Per- haps, by way of agreeable conversation, she may say," My dear, I want some money;" " Oh, sound of fear, Unpleasing to a married ear!"' on which he wakes, and goes lo bed. She fol- lows and Mrs. J.'s pelisse is the foundation of that piece of exquisite eloquence, a curtain lec- ture. Now, who can deny that this is a faithful and exact picture of three hundred out of the three hundred and sixty-five days that constitute a year of married, life ?-Romance and Reality Birth -At Hingolee, Madras, on the 13th of July, the lady of Lieutenant G. W. Onslow, of a son. 