"A GENIN IAL AST. House or Cond ib3e,26?t JANmAr. Mr. Perceval: I perceive that strangers are in the House. i The Speaker.: Strangerrs Must vaitb- ' draw. - The officers then.proceeded to clear the ] gallery. Mr. Hume: L presume I may. move the suspension'of the standing order? The Speaker : Strangers must with- i draw. The gallery was then cleared. M:r. Pereeval could speak with more boldness' in the .absence' of the public. lie could persuade the members,.who were ull of them baptized, and not allow the public to know the. blasphemies that might be spoken in ailswe" to his speech -that the blasphemers, if any in this IHouse, might not be able to give publici *ty to their blasphemfies.:. :That. was his excuse for clearinig the House. of straung :ers. God was present amongst us, and' he would witness all that passed. In the name of God the Highest, he, appealed to th -lHouse ; and 'as it was' written' in his Word,: that lie who rejected'hiin-thait ni peared ini the niamqof God, despised hli?i that :sent him, he 'that rejected him (Mr. Perceval) rejected his :God, in whose name lihe appeared. i He would risk beinig tedious, in order to be uniderstood. He was afraid to read the book he h'ld in' his hiud (the Bible), but he would read 't. No niar, could deny, that the statecof the nation was truly. deplorable, Nothing had altered his opinion since he last ad dressed the House on this subject. TThe nation trembled op the verge of destruc tion-no man could calculate on subordi natio' in 'any society---in every district there -were disorders. . There was also lhe frighltful collision , of ihe two--Houses of Parliament. The houses of the no bles and gentry were entered and pillaged -rone' of: the cities plundered and robbed by the mob, Two parties 'were'threaten ing a conflict.so manifest, that amidst dll1 these things; everybody 'of considerate miid should consider their vays and mend 1 them.' -Shall we not bow down before that God whose hand is on us-consider our ways and go down on our knees to supplicate that mercy which is.gone from us ? He would read the grounds of' 'a nation's prosperity. This nation stands as Jerusalem formerly stood.' It has been the seat of true religion, and has reared' up the finest system of civil polity that ever existed; and.if we be as Jerusalem was, we must suffer equally :— "Woe unto the, Chorazin, woe: unto thee, Bethsida ; for if the mighty works vbhich were done in you were done in Tyre and Sydon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes." [He 'then read a long list of texts of Scripture.] So will it be with England, unless we faithfully; humbly, & sincerely repent. I trust I shall be able to set' before the na- tion the truth of its weakness —first, 'the increase of crime' shows the absence of religion and and piety; secondly, the op pression of the poor was beyond his con- ception. He was lost in astonishment. The fact was so great, that he could not account for it.. The first lived in luxury, and plenty; the labourer in a state of actual starvation, and a degree of distress that would harrow up' your very soul. He could not point out the causes, .but the fact was glaring. He appealed to Mr. Sadler to point out the sufferings of the children of the poor. The heathens made their children pass through the fire to their god Moloch—we make our children pass through misery for our gain. The destruction of Bristol is a sample of God's wrath when abroad in the land. Passing that and the pestilence, the state of the poor is enough to 'induce this House to address the 'crown to order a fast. It shust not be supposed that he was a fool: to call on this House, which ihe.did, as a body, only in lote and truth. ' You sit here (said the hoibourable Meuiber) inull dels-you do not conisult yoer Maker. This House meets here, and talks on pub- lic affairs, as if there were no God. Let every man answer for himself. You have no more consideration than if you acknowledged no God: You are all infi- dels. Look at the public press; the march of intellect, the spirit of the day, is sheer idolatry. You forget God, and think of doing everything by capital, by machi nery, by laws,.&c.; but you are acting on a wrong principle. All those acts of ungodliness had been practised by other nations. For example, the French left out that " the' King ruled by the grace of God;" also that blasphemy in England, ' that all power was from the people '— sheer blasphemy; for all power is' from God, and the duty of man is to submit and to obey. See What is going on in France and England. It is blasphemy to attribute power to the people.' He defied the noble Lord to point out a word in the Bible— that power was from the people; the slavish bowing to public opinion had rob bed the noble Lord of all his honesty and manhood. In the councils of the nation there were slaves to that blasphemy—but power was only from God. He was aware he was speaking loud and with warmth, but not with violence, he was sincere, and was urging these truths 'in his usual way, when he was under an influence. The motion belonged to each Member in- dividually, as every man had been baptized: in the name of' the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and could not disobey the precepts and laws of their God. 'They might disregard the laws—father and brother, but would they refuse the pre cepts of God ? '' I was taken up," said the honourable Member, " on the death of my fathtr; by tle niutibn, 'which provided: or mde a.d .mid;?. ad it is gratitude' for! that l.n that: 'I' now call","on .ht proclamat~ionjor a fst. ' ?It i b o'Jli i rtbefort' I a Prliaien thri'idlI do nit alikiiFi Lthe, o b3tiod thai thid 'pl e id noLT fit and proper place. Are we not chosen to meet and advise what, as Christians,, we ought to advise for the good of the nation - Are we to leave all religion at the door of the House, and listen to the wiles of Satan ? No. I stated last year, and I will repeat the character of the infidelity' that prevades the public mind. At that time there was the blasphemous proposition to admit the Jew into this House. If our Saviour were rai sed, and be now in heaven, at the head of his Church, are we to admit a Jew to to our councils ? The Edinburgh Review, the fifth sign of the infidelity of the times, defended that. Man is a fool in his heart, and sayeth these' things.. It was mon strous that this body of Christians should say we are not inclined to consider of God's greatness and mercy; if so ungodly as to entertain the question, what a state was the nation in ! The bent of the human mind is now to set aside kings and priests, and to set up the people as the Sovereign; and I would call on the nation to 'humble themselves, and avert such evils. Let the kings and priests be expelled, and all such mummery be averted, unless, you will listen to my voice for a fast, and we' shall then be bound up together in one solemn act. He would not withdraw his motion as he did last year ; he would not give way, but would divide the House. He would force the House of Commons to de clare, whether they would bend their knee to their God. If they would not, the nation should know their refusal. He would have the whole nation, the Lords, and Commons, to join in act of humiliation. The Ministers had not done is-the House of Commons had put it aside- But by that hnointed name by which he acted, he would appealto theri, and it must be done. Moving the previous question would not do; thd House must reject the motion. If they did, all Europe would see (said the hon. Member) that ye reject your God's Authority. You cannot escape this charge. But he lhad been told formerly, that in this blasphemous and unhallowed atmosphere, he ought not to have used that niame. But it is in that blessed name, the name of that living God and Saviour who now dees you and is amongst you—that I alone ap peal an act. Christian' men should love to see him call on the name of him in whose name they were baptised. Cast' not off the reference due to that name; beware of that infidelity that is creeping on you on both sides of the House,'and depriving you of your manhood; for the safety of your own souls I' call on you' no' honour that name. I have done my duty to avert the evils that are coming on Christendom, prceded by the pestilence. Beware of the wrath that which forth on the plain against Sodom and Gomorrah—they were a type of the judgment that is fast coming upon Christendom.' My cry is, that God's mercy may be on us if we humble ourselves. Let all the people praise and:sing for joy, and the desolating force of God shall pass by. Tuie hon. Mere. conclided by moviiug, tlata humble Address be presented to the King, to or lera day for 'a general 'fast and humilia ;ion. After some pause, the motioO was se conded by,'Mr. Weyland, of Hedon. Lord Althotp stated, that a discussion pn such a topic was highly inexpedient. He disclaimed being tinctured with infidelity; but he was of opinion that such dicussions did not tend to the honour of religion. The motion was neither de sirable nor necessary.' He' gave' Mr. Perceval credit for his good intentions. He meant no disrespect to him by not fol. lowing 'him in his argument, and' should move the previous question; by which he intended, that the House should express its opinion, that questions like the present ought not' to be 'taken up. It was the in- tention of the Government to appoint a day of fasting . - Mr. Goulbourin understood hlie, noble Lord to say, that the object would be ac complished withouit gollm to the-vrate;--If the noble Lord did not make a ptwlnie,-.e hoped the motion would-be pressed. : Sir Thiomas Bi'tring ~iud v'ttfdi t1o. mnotion, if aFast Day wiri ' t'itos al pointed.. . .. .: Lord Althorp : It ijs the'inenteiiih 'of i, Govetrnment to6 appoinrt a fdit'daiy." i Mr. Briscoe Ieard the declaration of the noble Lord with pleasure, and, it ,was to him an additional reason for mffording)ip support to the present Governimbnt.'. Mr. Gordon, (DIfandalk) said, it was a question higily fitting.to :occupy 'he time of the [louse of Commons); the Iiouse of. Commons in formnr times was, often, occupilied .wvith such discussiodns.; ? , ' Mr.• Perceval, in answer to the .Me rber tor' Preston, observed,: thlit ii first 'of' hypocrisy was i nob'wy iticepctlble to Him, that'jihiileth the htimaiI heart. iBut which' of the two was inmore likely to.observe the, fast'of'nimery'I? he who. set 4side,.nas un, na cessary, all signs of public contritionjl or he.who, consenting to such public acts, laclknowledged thoe improj)riety of ungddli-' hess whlthi"going tlirotigh the' fast' Of hu miliatioi ?' 'He' wdolTd not stidt wlliimt'he ifelt'if ho 'did iiot'srty, lia tihe tardy; .-' ' sent at length given to..thfe fppointment of a day foi a genural iist shiwved him wvith Swhat reluctancc the Goverq1menta t length ssented. He thought that this was done Iuore for thie sake of-getting rid of the quettitii, than for any better motive. He ielievd this fromni thieidelay, Hc pmtw nod reason for. delay. 7,!ip .danger of delay ivnas .imminpnt, Hc still su?pected that thcy qover meant to do it. Hewduld not' withdraw .the motion, but Wvoulit'take tile enfe ofE the'HoUse tblit, thouigh he did Sintl.nteld to peoid, it'to aTdivisid6." (It will be obsrved, that since this deri bate, th'e2idttaEdtfc'h has been appoint d ior a fatsti;.? "' , . vy?, 