Hobart Town Book Society. On Saturday last, an adjourned Meeting of this Society (rather a misnomer by the bye, if the term is meant to imply sociality,) took place at the Court of Requests' Room, for what purpose our Reporter could not well understand—crimi- nation and recrimination being the order of the day; and in the course of these curious literary proceedings, Master STEPHEN, who acted the most prominent part, more than once received pretty broad hints, that he had said "the thing that was not." Dr. Ross and Mr. MOORE each made heavy complaints of the way in which they had been treated by the Society, and more particularly, by the young gentleman in question, and to all appearance not without reason; but they were told to pocket their affronts for six months longer! Captain MONTAGU, who opposed Dr. Ross’s mo- tion for explanations, set the Press (which our contemporary appealed to) at defiance, saying that no man need care whether the Press was free or shackled, if he acted right! We will not controvert this as a proposition, but what his pa- tron, Colonel ARTHUR, may say to such a decl- aration, coming from his ex Secretary, we know not; but, in our poor judgment, it seems to imply, that His Excellency must have had great doubts of the rightness of some of his acts, when he suppressed and contrived the suspension of the free Press of this Colony as long as he was allowed to do so; and our friend, BENT’S Press, underwent the ordeal of the crushing system until it fairly gave up the ghost—but these are now days of Reform, and the very dogs throughout the Co- lony may shortly be expected to bark for joy, that they are no longer the objects of arbitrary enact- ments. In the course of the literary discussions which took place, the worthy Chairman threatened more than once to vacate his seat, unless better order was preserved; and, we are sorry to have to add, that a former meeting broke up with a general ROW amongst the Members, as appeared by the young Secretary’s minutes received on this oc- casion. This is the march of intellect with a ven- geance? When the storm had somewhat sub- sided, the only appropriate motion we heard of, was made by Mr. MEREDITH; viz that the pre- sent Society dissolve itself, with a view to the for- mation of a new one, based on sounder prin- ciples, and with better digested rules; and we confess our regret, that it was not carried in the affirmative. We have heard that some trickery was played off on the occasion by the chief in- fluentials, first pledging their support of the motion, and then breaking such pledge, and which has been accounted for by the professed secession from the Society, of the most determined opposer of the close borough system of conducting it. The Member alluded to is Mr. MOORE, and we trust he will not withdraw; we felt compelled not long back to comment on this gentleman’s con- duct on another occasion, in terms which we re- gretted our sense of public duty demanded from us. He will see that personal ill feelings had no part in these observations by the readiness with which we now applaud his independent spirit in forcing to light, what was evidently intended to be suppressed. One reason assigned to us for opposing the dissolution of the present anoma- lous Society, and forming a new one, is, that the more recent Members fancy they have an advan- tage over the original Subscribers, on account of not having paid the same amount of subscrip- tions; but let them also consider, that none of them have any actual property in the Library, they are forming, and after years and years of payment, whenever they leave the Colony they can neither sell or transfer their shares; whereas, if founded upon the plan of English Subscription Libraries, there would be a constantly growing interest, and shares as there might become worth from £50 to £100 each, and upwards. This want of real property in the books may be one great reason why the subscribers at large seem so indifferent to the description they get out, or their due preservation afterwards. We cannot finish without complimenting Dr. Ross upon his zealous devotion, to the well- being of the Society, such as it is, and regretting that he has not met a more suitable return. We hope he will publish the amusing and sarcastic speech he made at the Meeting, together with his ideas at large, in respect to dissolving the old Society, and forming a new one, with shares transferrable. Annual sub- scribers might still be admitted, without possess- ing any property in the books, unless upon after payment of proportionate back subscriptions. CONSUMPTION OF TEA.—In 1668, the East India Company ordered "one hundred pounds of good tey." In 1669, they imported 143½ lbs.; and, in 1812, 16,784,713 lbs. but this proved a great glut in the market. In 1830, they imported 36,000,000 lbs. 