To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR,-It is rather too much, that Mr. Oakes should commence a violent and abusive attack, and then cry off when he thinks he has had the worst of it. He does not wish to say more on the unpleasant subject! because it is to undergo a legal investigation. Mr. Gregson, of course his Lawyer; be it so - Perhaps Mr. Oakes had better wait, until Mr. Gellibrand pulls him through the "Salter" affair. Poor old gentle- men! He is gone to his last home, and has crosssed the "Styx" once more before his case was decided; although his fate is Mr. Oakes talks of "servum pecus." What does he mean? The public will be informed, perhaps, some time or other, how Salter's pieces were served. Mr. Oakes is a terrible fellow at "serving out," and therefore "Tell Truth" must decline his intention, as well as his friend, William Birch, to attend him personally on the banks of the "Plenty." The former might have a very unpleasant story to tell on his return. The latter wishes to keep his body and limbs whole while they are so. -Yours, &c.; TELL TRUTH. ======== We continue this week our extracts from Mr. Bulwer's masterly speech, upon the occasion of presenting the'New South Wales Address, praying for a Legisla- tive Assembly ; regretting that its extreme length, compels us to give it,in this di- vided shape, as well as to abstain from accompanying it by those remarks, which. must naturally present themselves, to whomever regards the subject with the I attention it deserves. In proof of wbot he said at to ibe impropriety of officers silting in judgment on convicts and eman- cipists, be bad a Utter in the hand-writing of the Foremtt» of a Jury, found in tbe Jury-box, of which ho oonld not Moid reading the list sentence : " Seven officers to be kept kicking their beels in a Coori, doing nothing for five or sis boors, shoot the d-d rascally oooviots." This was the spirit with which the Foreman of this Military Jury Dod been sitting in judgment on the life . fellow creature. But even supposing the ends of justice were equally an- swered, were the forms of justioe to be, considered nothing T They were every thing to men distant from . I their country. < These forms spoke to Ibem of tbe history of their forefathers-of that which nu still passing near their ancient homet--of the early habits and recollection» of their youth-of the antique liberty wbioh desoended to them-and which jaitice, arrayed in snob forms as did, (brough Tarions atoro» and reve- lations-of the'State, triomphant!} defend. ? Kow, «bat waa the «lau of peisoos wanted in the Colony* - Mot wealthy men, in that ailoaliou of sooiety «bioh renders it impossible for men to be dragged into a Conrt of Joalioe. What the Colony wanted, was, the iponf ear nhaauo the .pour hnehandasin, whom aoipjcjon ; «ad ys»«rty .nssâgfo ybaoB.-nwn'^rviSi wau art, jp/ihis «ttuation. -If auch a personas this were to tend . at Sidney, and go into a Conrt of Justice, he > would see the Jodge sitting opon tbe Bench, arrayed in bia ordi- nary robes. The prisoner would be at the bar, the Counsel in attendance ; every tbing would wear the »oleran and citisen-likeappearancehe had been accus v tomed to in his native' country, till bis ey« fell upon the Jury-box. The very appearance of the military qnitorm, so odious to Englishmen when displaced on cjvil occasions-the notion which, whether justly or unjustly, prevailed in respect to military men-their repklessness and levity, their want of serioasness and religion, the idea arises from their profession, that they are careless in the spilling of bnman blood. These things, and the thoughts arising from these things, would shook and startle him when be saw seven officers sitting wilb theirs words, beside them, in judg- ment on tbe life of a fellow-citizen. The Englishman who saw Ibis, and who felt that he might be placed iii the situation of the prisoner at the bar, would not think his life safe under such a system. He would either immediately quit the Colony, or, if he could not do this, he would enter into immediate hostility against a Government which sanctioned acts so contrary to his habits and feelings. At all events, would it not be wise to be consistent? If it was intended to keep New South Wales as a penal setllemeut, to restrain or drive back the tide of emigration we had been di- recting thither, onr policy would be intelligible, if it were nothing better. But was it right-could it be right-when we were actually giving a premium for emigration, and doubting whether we wonld send out any more oonvicts there at all, to adhere pertinaciously to a system ao hostile and odious to free settlers ; But what the House would most look to would be, the practicability of the measure he was advooating, and the authorities in support of it. In 1811,, before the Transportation-Committee theo sitting- ' , " Governor HUNTER, formerly Governor of this Colony, says, there are many respectable families gone from England, which induced me to recommend the Government to make a change in the mode of trial in the Courts there, and to introduce the Trial by Jury there ; there are so many decent people there now that they may change their Juries as often as they please ; there are a great many decent people there, who are fit to serve on Juries." Again --- " Were there a sufficient number of such persons in the Colony before you left it ? --- There were. " And did that number appear to you to be annually increasing ? --- Yes, I thought so. " Mr. J. PALMER, Commissary-General. Is it the wish of the inhabitants to have a Jury instituted ? \--- Yes, of every one. "Did it appear to you, that there was a sufficient number of respectable inhabitants to establish a Trial by Jury ? --- Yes, there are a great number of free settlers now. " Is that respectable part of the society increasing ? \--- Yes, there are a great many families and children. " Governor BLIGH (1808) : --- Did it appear to you that there were a number of settlers sufficient in the Colonies to furnish Juries? --- Yes. " And of character sufficiently gond to enable JOB to place reliance upon tbem ?-Yes ; and I think their decisions would hate been fairer than thone that took place without them." In confirmation of these various authorities the Committee stated, that it was their opi lion " tbat tbe manner of administering criminal justice may be al- tered wi h great advantage to the Colony. It is not to be expected that its inhabitants should view other wie than with jealousy and disioitent, a system which resembles rather a Co jrt Martial than the mode of trial, the advantages of whioh the; have been ac- customed to see and enjoy in their own country. " A numerous < Ians of respeotable persons is now foi mid wit lin the settlement, amply sufficient to war- rant the establishment "of that of Trial by »' ory, for which they are anxiously wishing." Now were these his only authorities-when he looked to this House, he found in 1823 that " Sir Thomas Denman oonlended against the policy of appointing officers in the army and navy to decide, questions on which property, Ilbery, or even life might dedend. He would give the Colonists the advantage of Jory Trial, as in England. On tbe words of a < jury of twelve men, duly qualified to serve' being proposed in lien ol officers in the army and navy, a division took plaee ; among the minority were , Denman, D. Gilbert, J. C. Hobhouse, D. Ricardo, T. S. Rice, J.Scarlett, W. Wilberforce,Mackintosh, General Bourka." There was one gentleman whom he had still to speak of-a gentleman whom the Colonists could never think of but with gratitude, whom he could never speak of but with reverence-a gentleman whom he oould never more see in his place- whose splendid eloquence, whose generous spirit, whose extended and philosophic views, would long he i i the remembrance of those who beard him. It was four years ago since the late Member for Knaresborougb had presented a petition exactly similar to that which he bad that evening presented, and if be had bad no other authority, this authority alone he should have con si .«red sufficient on a legislative and colonial question. Thus far, then, he had shewn, that twelve other Colo- nies possessed both Trial by Jury and Legislative Assemblies, for which New Sooth Wales was then petitioning. While, as far as the former was con- cerned, be bad the authority of the Committee on Transportation iu 1811, among whom were the names of Sir S. Romilly, Abercromby, Mr. Seorelary Ryder, Mr. Brand, Lord Grenville, Mr. Goulburn, Sir Robert Peel, and Mr. Homer. In 182S be bad also the authority of Mr. Ricardo, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Spring Rice, Sir J. C. Hobhouse, Mr. D. Gil- bert, Sir Thomas Denman, and Sir James Mackintosh, so also that of, Admiral Hunter, Admiral Bligb, .Sir Thomas Brisbane, the two Judges (Forbes and Ste- phen,) Governor Macquarie, all of whom have lived and beld situations in this Colony. He had all these authorities against New Sonlb Wales being made an 'exception to the other Colonies be bad mentioned ,* while, more than All this, there existed the authority of an increase of crime to the amount of ilOO, 130, and 300 per cent against the present system ; there be should leave tbe question as fal as it concerned Trial by Jory. The second part of tbe subject which he bad now to introduce to the House, and on wbicb tba Petitioners hardly set less value tban on that where be trusted to bave succeeded, waa the grant of a Legislative Assembly ; or, at all events, the recog- nition in thal Colony of tbe principles of represen- tation.^ At the distance at which Members were divi-" ded by an immensity of ocean from this Colony, perplexed by . variety ¡of testimony, most difficult indeed waa it to determine whether, in any degree, and if so, in what degree, the prayer of the Petitionera might be complied with. No one, be thought, would dispute tbe general polioy of diminishing the distance between ourselves and our Colonies by an approach ment of laws, and of customs which proceeded by laws, by the establishment of that oonneotion tbe olosest weconld invent-a similarity of habile and of thought proceeding from a similarity of institutions. Bot in fairly confessing that be was not. one of those who contended that any rule, however excellent in general, admitted of . blind universality of practice, be still did contend, that if a rule were generally ap- plicable, it would not lie with bim to show tbe pro- priety of ita present application, bat with tbe Noble Lord, to convince the House that it oould not safely and properly be.applied. What were the principles on wbioh representation rested Î, Population and taxation four times more numerous thin the whole population taken together of twelve Colonies whioh, wore represented. Hero was a Colony with . «venae ' of above Í 100,000 ,p«r year and whioh actually i yielded' ín tites more than the United States et America did prior to their Revolution. But the noble Lord might say that the state of society was very peculiar in that Colony. ? This he granted, and he said -from this very circumstance, that it was peculiarly objectionable to sind brit a Governor from this country with arbitrary power over a curiously amalgamated population, uniting the mast singular combination of passions and feelings it waa impossible to conceive, be Didst be totally and wholly unacquainted ; but a powerful Government was required for the preserva f ibcTof property in a country, a great proportion of the population of which wera professionally thieves. _ This be granted also, and he said that a powerful ' Government for tbe preservation of property was a , Government in which the great bolk of persons pos- sessing property was enlisted ; that, in short, from " air that can be said on this subject, be would appeal to the Petition he had laid npnn the table, and would eayj thal as every Government must be unwise, so every Government must be weak against which was arranged so numerous a portion of its snbjects as those whose name were affixed to that petition After what be had stated, he did think that those who op- pose tho mensure ought lather to prove that it was possible, more than that he could be called upon to prove its practicability. This be would do, however According to the returns made in 1827 of those persons then qualified to serve on Grand and Petty Juries at Quarter Sessions, it would aprear that Sydney had.406 Parramatta.280 v. Newcastle.131 > Windsor,. 208 Liverpool.,. 74 1,099 - In tbese live districts, then, there was a respectable constituency of 1,100-of whom he understood, from gentlemen conversant with their names, lhere are about 120 Emancipists. He believed, moreover, bon. members would find among this number upwards of a hundred who possessed more than £500 per annum, ih which number 20 might be Emancipists. From these persons surely a respectable body .might bo chosen, nor could the Emancipist«, in so small a pro- portion in the eleoting body ond the body to be elected, obtain a share in the Legislature Improper to assign Jbem. Their influence, indeed, would become muih Jess when the remaining districts were included of Hunter's' River, Bathurst, Cnuipliell Town, Argyle, wbioh were composed almost entirely of free settlers' Here, then, were all the elements, he repeated, which dould possibly be desired for representation. But if thert tnigbt be some difficulties, some inconvenieucies in working out the change he suggested, was there no spot nor bien) ¡»li in the prisent system? Had there been no barbarous enactnipnls against the Press, to whioh the Government here was obliged lo refuse its sancti n? No unjust protcculiong against the Press, which, supported by a Military Tribunal, were reversed by a Civil Jury? Was it a fact-he asked for information-that Mr. Hall "was actually in prison for lite sentences w li iib bad been passed opon him by the Military Court,'at the same time thal he received damages for these very sentences by a Civil Jury? Had convicts never been illegally and vio- lently withdrawn from the persons to whom they had been assigned, contrary to the solemn opinions of the Judges? Had lands been distributed without favour, or was it a fact, that in the grant of lands in Eliza- beth Cote, to one gentleman was given 54 sores, the whole bay frontage, six times as much as any accorded lonny other individuals? Were these things true? But supposing them lo be exaggerated and misrepre- sented- and it was fair, perhaps, at this moment so to suppose them-wns there no evil, no inconvenience in Members being daily assailed here by the most incre- dible stories, proceeding from the most credible autho- rities, without the possibility, by referring to ibe ge* lierai acts of a popularly elected assembly in the Colony, to know whether such stories were really the complaints of much oppressed peisons, or the wicked intentions of malicióos accusers ? He could assure the Hoose that he tell the difficulty in his ownpersnn, of that situation in which this circumstance had plaoed bim. Bul even on the grounds of economy alone, setting aside for a moment every other argument-he conceived, on the groumls of economy alone, that a change in the government of New South Wales was loudly called for. By a Parliamentary return, No. 587, of 1830, ¡l appeared that no less ihau £10,902 2s. Gd. was received by military men, cither by way of pension, or for performing civil duties, in addition lo their regimental par. It also appeared, from the same document, that £750 a-year pension »as granted to the Colonial Secieiurj, in addition lo £2,000 per annum, and other perquisites, which pension they received for services here, was paid out of the Colo- nial Revenue. The Commissariat expenses, he was confidently assured, had alone increased in salaries to clerks from £5,000 per aunum, when both Sydney and Van Dieman's Land were united, to £10,000 a year for the former Colony alone, in the space of less than five years. The police establishment increased in the space of four years, viz. from 1825 to 1828, more Iban double-being in 1825, £8,945 8s. 2d. ; and in 1828, £20 55G 8s. 2§d. while the population, accoiding to the Parliamentary Returns, at least, was inci eased from 1824 to 1829 by only 3,000 in- dividuals. But these were details which the right hon. member (or Middlesex would in all probability enter into and expatiate upon. He bad «tost sin- cerely to apologise for the length of time which be bad i intruded upon the House. But he bad felt that he bad been speaking, not only for a speoiGo case, but against a general system, There was hardly any , writer on Colonial polioy who bad not deeply lamented {be unfortunate jealously ne had ever shown, in giving those civil advantages to our Colonies, of which we .fere so justly pride ourselves. During the short period he had been in this House, be bad heard more . frequent-propositions made to withdraw commercial , advantages and protections from our Colonies to which be might not be opposed, than for giving them legis- lative improvements. The House bad frequently complained of their cost ; it had done better by allow- ing them the management of their own resourocs. If the House meant the Colonies to pay for themselves, it must allow tbem to govern themselves. It must , get rid of that Downing-street Administration, so ably " satirized by Swift, in his pioture of a tailor measuring a man in the moon by the aid of a telescope. It had been, by the long train of evils, wbiob a wrong sys- tem of governing our Colonies bad engendered, that we bad induced the commencement of a belief, whioh be thought of a serious nature, that we might be as well without any Colonits at ali. It was on this aocoont, and on this account alonep that hu thought tua'House wns bound to give attention to such sub- jects as that before them. But if such attention was demanded from any, 'mure particularly was it de- manded fiom those who, like himself, bad been the advocates of a measure, which, whatever might be its advantages, and great be believed its advantages .Would be, would have the immediate effect of re- moving from that House, many of those Gentlemen ' who had been tbe Colonies' most taleuted and able _ supporters. Most particularly then did he say, that ?. it was incumbent on bim and all reformers to shew, that 'their protestations bad not been mere vulgar ver- biage-to prove that tbey had really and sincerely be ; lieved tbat which thay bad so louuly asserted, via. : that publlo sympathy would supply the place of pri- vate interest, and that every British subjeot, in the most remote corner of our possessions, wonld find a rveady defender in an M. P. fairly and freely obosen hy the people 'of Great Britain. And now again to n«$oJogise (said the'Hun. Member), on tbe length of my intrusion, may I be allowed to recal the attention of the House'to the course or argument I have ai tempted to pursue ? ' I have shown that Ibis Colony 'is of tbe utmost interest/and that it would possess, 'V'twder a good "system of Government, all qualities '? which could invita to emigration ; secondly, that the '- present Government is a bad one, full of extravagances and abases, and calculated from its arbitrary nature .vtobe'odious to free settlers.' Asi'áchange, theo,and ^improvement of this system, I kave> supported the, * prayer, of the petition for tome species of Represen- tative" Assembly,« aad tbe'full extension of^Trial by. »<3J*a ¿j.,-. «.<* ia -$<>>>% JÍ-ÍCJ feu,«,/,) .". «i *JÍ' { 1 * .5íWst!," ' > % , ff, «t. Jory. Io regard to the first, a Ltgísfatív* Assembly, I have shown, that oti the two principles in wbiob representation rests-taxation arjdppopulstion-New South Wale« it eminently entitled to^It. I have proved, moreover;WnMrfÉi»%1be Colony toY snotf an institution btftb at to an electing and to be a'n elected body. I Hope to bave shown, in short, that rio great praotical inconreniencea lay in ita way, and that great practical evili resulted from the Want of it an enormous expenditure, and a variety of complaints ot which it is impossible to decide opón the justice, When there is no respectable body by whom tbey might be publicly discussed in the Colony itself. In regard to the second objeot of the petition, that New South Wales alfords a most singular 'exception to our utber Colonies in this particular, that the first practical authorities who bava visited Ibis colony, as well as the most able gentlemen in this House, have declared that they saw no reasan for keeping it at auch an exception. ' In 1811, tbe'Transportation Com- mittee, with Sir S. Romily-in Í823,tnany gentlemen opposite, among whom was the present Attorney-Ge- neral, were of my present opinions. So that, instead of being rash or presumptuous io my desires. I am only asking in 1832, for what it was considered, by many of sober judgment and high authority, wise and prudent to concede in 1823, and in 1812, while, as still further and stronger evidence against the existing system, I oan shew, by an enormous increase of con- viction,,and a proportionate increase of crime, that it is the more completely inefficient, the more tigidly it is enforced. Now surely, Sir, there is here a great moral and legislative lesson. In that colony which is 'unrepresented, we find the severest taxation ; in thaï colony which is without Trial by Jury, the most ter- rible increase in crime. We are now enlarging the basis of representation in this country to its widest extent ; shall we at the same time repudiate from onr colonies its very first principles ? We bave lately been declaring, hy the Jnry Consolidation Act, that no officer in the-army or navy can act as a Juryman iu England. Shall we now determine that only officers in the army or navy shall aot as Jurymen in New South Wales ? Let me entreat the Noble Lord, whose name is another term for liberty in ibis coun- try, to extend its synomous signification to other more distant shores. Let me entreat bim not only lo use those talents for debates which I know are his ; let me entreat him also to bave recourse to that spirit of conciliation,so necessary toa statesman and a legis- lator. Let me entreat him, in short, not lo refuse the prayer of the Petitioners, unless he can give a strong proof of the unreasonableness of their demands, as I trust, perhaps unably, to have given of their policy and their justice. (To be concluded in our next.) AUSTRALIA.-It is curious to observe bow rapidly this colony has advanced to power and riches ; it far exceeds any thing of the kind on re- cord. America, with all ils prosperity, is a very immeasurable distance behind. Gorernor Phillip, who landed at ¡Sydney on the 20th January, 1788, (now 44 years ago,) with a few inconigibles, the anniver- sary of which landing is still kept op. The first har- vest was reaped al Sydney in 1789 ; and at Parramat- ta, 15 miles distance, in December, 1799; and the first settler, James Purs«, got his land in 1791. Here, where, 44 years ago, no humanvoice was heard, who exception of the bellowing of the savage in the dessert, we bave now from 60,000 to 70,000 happy inhabitants, all members of the parent stem, from onr own British islands ; here where there was not one European ani- mal, we have now 300,000 sheep, and 150,000 cattle ; here where there was not en ear of giain, we nnw see 150,000 bushels for sale ; here, io fact there is a want of nothing but industrious men and women. The shipping, which in 1820 was at the lowest ebb, has im- proved mightily ; for in that year there were only three ships from England : in 1826 there were 24 ; and in 1830 we find nearly 40 ; and last year there were considerably more ; and Mr. Edward Walkinshaw, of Liverpool, has for some time been despatching a vessel every month. There were last year imported into the colony, Cape wines tobacco, India calicoes, nankeens, silks, sogar, and teas, valued nt about £250,000 ; and the cargoes from England wen estima- ted at npwnrds of £500,900; and the exports £457 930 nearly double what tbey were wont to be. In 1826, 9!) ai.res of sugar cane were planted nt Port Macquarie, in 'alitude 3i§ deg ; and although the cli mete is cold, yet tbey bave done well. There is, however, unexceptionable soil and climate to the north of this, which is now under crops of sugar. Tobacco is alto thriving well, and bnlb it and sogar will soon become articles of exportation. Vines are also doing well, and every species o'' fruits are plentiful and good, indeed so plentiful are they that pigs are fattened upon peaches and melons. LORD YARMOUTH.-There was at this time al Paris several other Englishmen at great dis- tinction ; in originally at least, if in nothing else. Among these was Lord Yarmouth, now Marquis of Hertford. He bad already, I suspect, farmed a bad opinion of human nature-a sad thing for a nan of his age at tHs period ; and on bis brow, ia bia smile, or in his lout, might be perceived a cold, sardonio, and contemptuous criticism of all that surrounded him. He went little into society, but was most brilliant there whenever he chose to put on the harness, as be called it. He was passionately fond of play, risked larget stakes, and played nobly. I was told that Lord Yarmouth once, playing with an illustrious per- sonage in England, lost with sneb continual regularity, that there seemed to b? something unfair. There was, however, no one near him, the cardt were good, and be played better than bis adversary. At length, by dint of observation, he discovered the secret of hit loues. The Court was then either at Windsor or at Brighton, and the Prince Regent had brought into fashion blue coats with polished steel buttons as big as crown piecis. By this means, whoever played with the Prince, bad seven or eight small mirrors on his coat, whioh reflected every card in his hand. All this was no doubt the effeot of chance, but it waa a chance which made Lord Yarmouth lose thousands of pounds ; and, however large a man's fortune may be, be always prefer» winning to losing, As soon at Lord Yarmouth,'with a rapid glance, detected the chance snare, he unbuttoned his coat, and said, in answer to the Prince's inquiring look, ' Sir, it is too hot for me here.' "-Mémoires de la Duchesse d'Ab' routes. FALLACIOUS MODE OF INSTRUCTION. -At en annual examination lately at a certain High Church and State establishment not a thousand miles from S-y, the pupils having all been carefully parroted, one boy who bad learned to repeat the ' belief,' happening to be taken ill, another boy who had never got off the wbule by rote, wat put in the aick abseatee'a place. On the examination day ac- cordingly, when asked-' What do you believe in f he answered with some, nmV«f*, " Nothen} tbe'boy wot believes in the Holy Ghost it ill at bom* in bed I" USEFUL HINT.-One of the best cures for a ont or bnrn, is the inside ooating of the theil of a raw Egg. .... Such was the ignorance of a Mayor, in the daya of Charlea I., that his worship of Totnes, actually sent a man to prison, for saying that tbe then infant Prince of Wales was born witbunt a shirt ! 