VARIETIES The following is an extract from the new Novel of " Cavendish, or the Patrician at Sea." It appears to be exceeding popular, and as well " got up" as most works of the description. The Author is a nobleman, preserving a strict incognito, except as to his politics, which shew him a staunch Reformer of abuses wherever they may appear. It contains an account of the battle of Navarino, which, and the clearing up of the slandered character of Sir E. Codrington, appears the principal feature of the whole. The following extract may be taken as a specimen of style:— A YARN. " Well, ould shiver-the-mizen, good news afloat this morning. They've turned out the coot from his feathered nest, to put our grand, royal swan in his place," said the boatswain's mate, slapping the master-at-arms (a methodist) on the back, who was busily intent smoking his pipe. ' Now I minds the Duke of Clarence main well, when we were both in the same fleet together, under Lord Rodney, and a game chap he was.' ' Lord High Admiral !' replied the master-at- arms, slowly pronouncing the title, as if criticising its propriety. ' No, I've no objection to his being called high Admiral, but I doesn't like to hear a man called Lord High— no, that I doesn't, I considers it downright impiouse— that's plain.' ' Why, get out o'that, you old methodist psalm-singing beggar, you knows nothing about it ; if so be as they'd called the other feller, Melville, Lord High, I knows as well as you can tell me that it would have been tarnation impiouse, or whomsomdever you choose to call it. But youm a reglar sanctified ghost, almost fit for a parson ; I 'sposes you'd wish un to be called Saint Bartholomy. No, no, none o'that for us ; I knows all about the Lard High ; here, who's for a yarn, my boys !' ' That's it, Jim, give us a regular tough un,' replied half a dozen voices. ' I spose you knows before a man's a man he must be a boy. Well, my boys, this here Lord High was a midshipman once upon a time, and he'd just been paid off and gone home for a spree, my lads, I spose, to get into Heaven a little time afore he went afloat again ; well, he was living aboard the Windsor Castle (I don't mane the ship but the big house there, up alang Lun- nun way), with his father and mother—that's the old King George, you know—though it does look summat queerish to me that such a mighty high fellow as the king should be father to any one, much less to a midshipman. But they tell me the old man got a sight o'younguns. How- somdever there he was living with'em all brithers and sisters, and a lot more o'great folk. So one day he goes to dine with his sisters, ror ye see I'm not sartain whether he messed them altogether, or if he was only a what's it's name— What is that fine word, serjeant, you're a bit of a scholard, that 'em ere "soger chaps calls it ashore ?' ' Oh, you means a honorary member,' said the umpire sergeant, with the face of a lexicographer. ' Ah, to be sure I do, boy. Well, then, I'm not sairtain whether the Lord High was a regular member of the sister's mess, or if to be only a honorary member, but this I know he was dining there one day, and feeling rather dry, he looked about for his grog—well, blow me tight, and bad manners to 'em,if they had'nt put not a drop o'grog on the table. No, nor never so much as a drop of wine. Well, ye see there was the first leaftenant there, what they calls the governish, so he did'nt say devil a word while she was there, but it put his pipe out sure enough, and as soon as ever he gets his sitters alone, he says to 'em, ' How is it, my girls,'' says he, that you han't got no grog to your din- ner ?' ' So,' says they, ' the governish won't' allow us any.' ' What,' says he, ' nor wine either ?' 'No, says they, 'nor a drap o'wine neither.' ' Not even so much as a drap o'wine neither,' says he. ' Why, that's a pretty go. I'll see whether you shan't have some wine for your dinner. Next time you ax her for some, and if she doesn't gid you any, you begin to swear at her ; ——her eyes, and tell her she's a cursed old catamaran. I'll tell'e how to 'buse her fast enough. I'll see whether she shall start all the grog overboard in that ere way.' ' So next day when they piped to dinner, they axes for some wine. ' Wine! my dears,' says the governish, ' you knows you mus'nt have any wine,' away they goes ! such a hullabaloo ! ' we will have some wine, d— your eyes, you old chate-the devil—' 'Hush ! hush ! hush ! Oh, for shame my dears, says she, ' how can you blasfame in that scofligate manner?' ' It's d— your manners,' says they ; ' you old hag, gid us some wine directly, and none o'slack !' My eye, she was off to the purser's steward, opened her spirit hatch, and out with her wine in the twinkling of a bed-post, as ye may say. ' Well, they went on in this ere way for a week, she did'nt dare to refuse 'em the allowance, or else they'd fall to swearing. At last she made a report of it to the Queen—a sort of sea skipper I spose—she was aboard the old Windsor ; and she would'nt believe it at first, till at last the old governish persuaded her to come and listen behind a curtain, that's a sort of flying bulk-head you know. So by and by - they axes for their liquer, ' Na,' says the governish, ' I wont gid 'ee a drap.' Look out for squalls. Soon as ever she said that away they flew, all set to with a will, and blackguarded the old soul up to the skies. 'Well,' says she, • this here is that midship man Clarence's doing. Oh, those sailor chaps, what rum use they be surely ! enough to torment a fellow out of his life—what shall I do ? He shall live upon bread and water.' 'So sure enough the king ordered a dinner of bread and water to be served out, and the Lord High was taken there to eat. " Holloa ! says he, " here's a Pretty ban yen day." He eat bread and water ! what a tar drink pure water, without so much as a drop o'rum to qualify it. No, no, not if he know'd it, is downright positive disobedience to the rules of sea. No, he be d—d if he'd have any thing to do with it.—Well, they tells this to the admiral (the king you know), and he comes and tells the Lord High if he does'nt eat it directly, h'll send us off to their mast-head. Now, said the old seaman very sagely scratching his nonce, 'blow me if I knows where their mast head is, unless it's where the dog--vane twirls over the chimney-pot. Lord High ! yes, I think he would a been high enough if he'd sent us up there. ' Well, seeing there was no help for it, the Lord High fell to eat the bread, drank the water, and then sung out for more. ' For I'm terrible hungry,' said he. As soon as ever the second batch was finished, he turned round, fronting the old George, and giving his waistband a hitch, jist as that might be, he sings out, ' I would'st give a —— to dine with the king !' ' Hurrah, well, if that is'nt a good un,' exclaimed the listners, one and all. 'And what did the old George do! Do ? why he laughed ready to split a self, jist as you or I might do.' —— The Chameleon.—Of all the irascible little animals in the world, there are none as choleric as the chameleon. I trained two large ones to fight, and could at any time, by knocking their tails one against another, ensure a combat, during which their change of colour was most conspicuous; this is only effected by paroxysms of rage, when the dark gall of the animal is transmitted into the blood, and it is visible enough under its pellucid skin. The gall as it enters and leaves the circulation affords the three various shades of green, which are observable in its colours—the story of the chameleon assuming whatever colour is near it, is, like that of its living upon air—a fable. It is extremely voracious: I had one so tame that I could place it on a piece of stick opposite a window, and in the course of ten minutes I have seen it devour half o dozen flies. Its mode of catching them is very singular; the tongue is a thin cartiginous dart, anchor-shaped ; this is thrust forth with great velocity, and never fails to catch its prey. The mechanism of the eye of the chameleon is curious, it has the power of projecting the eye a con- siderable distance from the socket, and can make it revolve in all directions. INDIAN CHARACTER.—The town of Alexandria, parish of Rapides, Lousiana, was lately visited by the Camanchis, and various other tribes of Indians who during their stay exhibited themselves to the citizens in one of the ball plays peculiar to the aborigines of the southern section of the country. On the night after the play the parties indulged in a general drunken frolic. A quarrel happened, in which one of the Indians was slain by another in the streets, and the perpetrator immediately sur- rendered himself to the relatives of the victim. The laws of these tribes, it appears were the same that prevail generally among Indians in the regu- lations of punishment for murder, which places the fate of the criminal at the disposal of the nearest connexion of the deceased. Strong as is the love of life, an attempt to escape from the penalty thus adjudged, it is well known, is very rarely heard of, though opportunity is not wanting as the prisoner is seldom vigilantly watched. The offending Indian in question was token into custody, and on the following day he exhibited himself in various parts of the town, and conversed composedly respecting his execution, and with an appearance of the utmost indifference to his fate, he was taken to the place fixed upon for the scene of slaughter on the same day, at about ten o'clock in the morning, and a large body of the citizens of Alexandria were present. Efforts were made by many respectable persons to release the victim from the vengeance preparing for him, and large sums of money and other inducements were offered for his pardon, but without avail. The prisoner discovered no wish to avoid the impending stroke, and the brother of the deceased shut his ear against every persuasion. The death was to be inflicted by shouting ; but after many endeavours no gun could be procured, and the victim, impatient of delay, threatened, if he was not immediately punished, to leave the ground. Upon this the brother advanced upon him with a spade, prostrated him, and split his skull at a blow. BYRON ON A VOYAGE.—Byron was, during the passage, in delicate health, and upon an abstemious regimen. He rarely tasted wine, not more than half a glass, mingled with water, when he did. He ate little; no animal food, but only bread and vegetables. He reminded me of the gowl that picked rice with a needle ; for it was manifest, that he had acquired his know ledge of the world by always dining so sparely. If my remembrance is not treacherous, he only spent one evening in the cabin with us—the evening before we came to an anchor at Cagliari ; for, when the lights were placed, he made himself a man forbid, took his station on the railing between the pegs on which the sheets are belayed and the shrouds, and there, for hours, sat in silence, enamoured, it may be, of the moon. All these peculiarities, with his caprices, and something inexplicable is the cast of his me- taphysics, while they served to awaken interest, contributed little to conciliate esteem. He was often strangely rapt—it may have been from his genius; and, had its grandeur and darkness been then divulged, susceptible of explanation ; but, at the time, it threw, as it were, around him the sack- cloth of penitence. Sitting amidst the shrouds and rattlings, in the tranquility of the moonlight, churning an inarticulate melody, he seemed al- most apparitional, suggesting reminiscences of him who shot the albatross. He was as a mystery in a winding-sheet, crowned with a halo.—Galt's Life of Byron. ANIMALZED BREAD AND BISCUITS.—400,000 biscuits, animalized with gelatine, were sent to Algiers for the use of the French troops. Bread animalized in a similar way has been since manufactured in Paris. A French paper now informs us that the experiment answered thoroughly, and that the discovery is likely to prove one of great value, not only to the army and navy, but in domestic economy generally, as animal food in the ordinary way may, with the use of animalized biscuits, be dispensed with. The composition of the biscuits is as follows.-—Flour, 325 parts; dry animal matter, obtained front meat and bones, by pressure and evaporation, 10 parts; water, 100 to 120 parts. Two ordinary sized biscuits form a soldier's ration. They are said to be equal in nutrition to one quart of good soup, with a proportionate quantity of bread. PRODUCE OF FOUR YEARS FROM A SINGLE PO- TATO.—John Serjeant, jun. of Codrington, planted one potato of the red kidney sort, the produce of which was 60 potatoes. This seed next year produced three bushels, which being again planted produced eleven sacks. The produce of the last year, from that seed, was no less than 163 sacks ! It appears from the excise returns that there are in the County of Hunts, of public houses licensed by the Magistrates, 1,161, and of new beer- shops, 709. THE NEW PEERS.—" The King has at length consented to make a numerous batch of Peers," said some one the other day at table. " It will destroy the whole body of the Peerage," observed another. "I do not think so," remarked a third, "for they will make up in quantity what they want in quality." SPRING GUN, NO MAN TRAP.—Mr. Sheil being asked what he thought of Miss Gun, a dancer in one of the provincial theatres, who is remarkably agile, and has a peculiar spring in her movements, but whose countenance is very plain, answered, that she was an excellent spring gun, but a very bad man- trap. The oldest monument of an English King which Great Britain contains is that of King John, in Worcester Cathedral. The tomb was lately opened when the skeleton was found in good preservation. 