To the Editor of the Colonial Times. Sir,-The great influx of medical men, into the Colony, during the last twelve months, ap pears to have produced those effects which have long been anticipated, viz. disappointment, dis satisfaction, and regret ; and when we consider the rumours current in the Mother Country relative to these Colonies, we cannot wonder that these gentlemen, with poverty staring them in the face, should complain ; and that such of them as have labored in vain to obtain Govern ment appointments, should proclaim them selves ill-treated. It is most certainly to be lamented, that men of liberal education should, at any time, experience a dearth of employ ment, but they should ever remember the mer cantile axiom, that " the supply should cease with the demand ;" instead of resorting to such urgentlemanly revenge as the propagation of falsehoods in a public newspaper. I am induced, Mr. Editor, to trouble you upon this occasion, in consequence of having observed, in the last number of the Colonial Times, and in the two last numbers of the Tas manian, certain letters, containing some stric tures on the present mode of conducting our Colonial Hospital department, and which it is my purpose to examine. I shall take them in their natural order of precedence ; first, then, " Anglicus." We are very gravely given to understand, in the first of this modest gentle man's productions, that the Colonial Hospital is, under its present system, " not only per tectly useless, but in reality a positive evil." Such an assertion, so flagrantly unjust, carries with it its own refutation, and theretore cannot require further notice. I shall pass on there fore to the complaint of " Anglicus," respect ing the private practice of the gentlemen in charge of this establishment. And here we at once perceive the cause of all this ire on his part ; the cloven foot appears ; the very na tural hankering after a share of the" loaves and fishes" becomes apparent. Their extensive practice he cannot digest ; and with which, as it appears, he is determined not to rest satis tied, so long as he has none. I cannot how ever help considering him a little unreasonable in expecting that the public should be able to penetrate the recesses of his cranium, in order to understand the quantum of medical know ledge it contains ; for, as far as I am ac quainted, he has not, at present, furnished us with anything tangible in confirmation of his astonishing medical qualifications. Until he does so, he may rest assured the public will be in no haste to admit his inflated pretensions. The many years those gentlemen he abuses, have practised in the Colony, and the numerous successful results of their professional exer tions, have enabled the public to form a pretty correct estimate of the degree of confidence which should be reposed in them ; and let me add, that until " Anglicus" can " rail the scal from off that bond, he but spends his breath in vain." I shall now Sir say a few, and but a few, words to Mr. Viator ; but really his letter is such, a compound of scurrility and absurdity, that I have no trifling difficulty in discovering anything to reply to. I have no doubt that the gentleman is himself one of the " regular doctors" he speaks of ; and it appears to me, that, having at present no appointments what ever to refer to, he fancies he may obtain a few by scribbling. I would however, seriously ad vise him to desist ; and remind him that John Bull, in Van Diemen's Land, is not the same easily gulled gentleman he frequently proves under the influence of his native air. With respect to the threatened most alarming oppo sition, it certainly must make every hair upon the heads of the poor devoted gentlemen stand erect, like " thorns upon the frctful porcu pine " yet I shall be strangely deceived if they are not found to be armed too " strong in ho nesty," to consent to the manufacture of a single unnecessary appointment for the purpose of silencing it. Now Sir, for the second and more lengthy epistle with which " Anglicus" has favored us, and in which I can perceive nothing but the most intemperate abuse of the Hospital Medical Officers, divested of the smallest shadow of argument. He appears, however, to possess a great desire to be ad mitted to view the practice adopted in the wards of our Colonial institution ; and I infer from thence, although he has given it another color ing, that he has already discovered the pecu liarity of some of our diseases, and is very laudably anxious to obtain some knowledge of the most successful remedies. I shall for the present conclude, but before I do so, let me assure both " Anglicus" and " Viator," that there exists not the merest ghost of a desire to " crush" them ; on the contrary, there is some fear,that their furor scribendi may decrease, and thus preserve them from " crushing" them selves. I would, however, recommend " An glicus" to present us with something more sub stantial than such unsupported assertions as he has hitherto promulgated, otherwise the public will be apt to conclude, as I have already done, that his is the revengeful barking of the chained mastiff. -I am, Sir, your obedient servant, VERITAS. October 30, 1832. 