THE BULL AND THE BARBER. (From the Humourist, 1832 Lancelot Latherwell was the only barber in his village a manor no small importance to his own opinion, as well as in fact, seeing that he was familiar with all the heads of the place. The chief instrument of his power, however, was his razor, a sceptre which he wielded somewhat absolutely perhaps, (it uniformly with a regard to the welfare of his subjects, who were rather numerous,, and consisted of such as were unable to shave themselves. In their labours for the moral amelioration of mankind, philosophers have failed to convince the understanding, and divines to touch the heart; but Last addressed himself to the chin. Was it proved to the satisfaction, or rather dt'isutisfuc tion, of iLailicrwell, that a neighbour had beaten his wife, Mr spent his week's wages at [a public house, instead of taking them home to his family? the culprit became a marked manwho was known by his beard which the shaver pertinaciously refused to touch until the wearer had exhibited symptoms of repentance and amended manners. The delinquent, becoming an object for the finger of scorn to point at was usually followed and hooted at by all the boys in the district; and it rarely happened that a villager had the courage to subject himself a second time to the disgrace and inconvenience consequent upon the " barber's ban." Latherwell, like a humane general, pursued his vocation with as little bloodshed as possible; indeed, he was wont to boast, that, since the days of his apprenticeship, he had drawn the purple stream but once, and that on the following occasion. One hot morning, while Land was exercising his tonsorial functions upon a wealthy farmer, a short-horned bull, doubtless with a view of exciting the hairdresser's emulation, thrust through in the open window a head as nicely curled, and t a perhaps as sensible, as the most fashionable of I Our hero's patrons. Not succeeding in immediate pn I' ly attracting attention, the animal addressed itself to Land's ear, with an effect which had near. -CU |y proved fatal "> that of his customer s, (or the operator, who had a mortal dread of horned cattle. and of the service's bull in particular, was so Stir tied at the roar and the apparition, that, with the involuntary flourish of his career,' he had welling cropped the farmer as close as any terrier ip Ure village. Feat is doubtless an exaggerated but Latherwell maintains that the bill not only encrusted' fire from its nostrils, ? but that it scorched his right whisker, which, may gre the application of three bottles of Macassar, has never thriven prop. crly since. 2 r 3? The farmer, who had, in truth, sustained but little injury, started up in Land's table cloth, in which, preparatory to the operation, he had been enveloped, and rushed into the street, like the ghost of Banquo, bleeding, and breathing vengeance, and spreading consternation, as he went. The whole village was in an uproar, and a variety of contradictory reports as to the cause of the catastrophe were current. The most generally received account, however, not only stated that the barber had attacked the agriculturist, " with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm, but was exceedingly circumstantial as to the origin of their quarrel. " The farmer, said rumour, " bay- -. inga great dread of baldness, as indicative of age, had inquired of Lands, if he did not think his hair was grown thicker? To which the other replied. No, but that he thought his head was; and by way of a crowning climax, recommended him to see, at some public charity to which to leave his wealth, for that he certainly would die without a hair. Thereupon, the farmer, taking advantage of La nfs convenient position, and kicked his shins with his iron tipped half boots; and that the barber had retaliated by shaving off his customer's car at a stroke," Meanwhile the farmer, not satisfied with having the injury dressed by a surgeon, repaired to his attorney to get it redressed. Lawyers and prize- fighters are the only persons on earth who profit, by black eyes and bloody noses.' The pettifogger in question owed the distraction of hearn; the most respectable solicitor in the village, to lliecircnm stance of has been a the only one in it. He told the, farmer time he had been shamefully, scandalously, (inrbevonsly used. The lawyer bed of course, and said an action would lie also, and therein he lied ; again. An action, however, was brought at the next assizes, which arrived almost before Lant had recovered from the consternation into which the notice of the proceedings had thrown him. On the morning previous to the day on which the cause was expected to come on the shaver was called upon for a cast of his office by a gentleman of some consequence in the neighbourhood, who, observing our hero to be unusually depressed and eliciting the source of his uneasiness, despatched ' him instanter, to the assize town with a letter to a barrister, explaining the case, and soliciting his good offices on the occasion. The barrister, struck by the whimsicality of the circumstances, returned Latherwell his fee, and told him he would plead his cause for in the love of the thing " The trial came on before a jury, whose countenances alone would have qualified them as members of a club of an? Odd Fellows." Tile plaintiff's counsel commenced with a disquisition on ears ; touched upon the sensitiveness of Friesians, and alluded to those of Dionysius, who, as would doubtless, he said, be in the classical recollections of the jury, had three cars,, though two only of them, he Hibernically added, were pairs. Hav- ing considered the subject morally, physically, and anatomically, he took another field, and dwelt upon the value of ears to farmers in particular, maintaining that they could not get their bread without them. He next referred to assessors; and concluded by such a stentorian appeal to those of the jury, that everyman of them had as just ground of action against the counsel, as the farmer had against the barber. The witnesses for the plaintiff having been examined and cross-examined the defendant's corn He rose, and expressed his concern that it was not in his power to produce the only witness of the affray in which the action had originated, namely, the bull; but that the truth was, he could find none who would undertake to serve the subpoena personally, and that, pending the consulta- tion of authorities as to whether flinging it over the hedge of his pasture would be a legal service, the bull had unfortunately changed his name, and become beef. '2 Dui this, gentlemen of the jury," he continued, " is a circumstance which I am led to regret less on my client's account, than on my learned brother on the opposite side, whom, as he had indulged us with an Irish bull, I should have been gratified in introducing to an English one. Gentlemen of the jury, my case lies in a nutshell, and I want no other evidence than that which the plaintiff has kindly furnished me, to prove it. Two of the witnesses have sworn that he is quite deaf of the ear of which, he alleges the defendant had nearly deprived him. Now, gentleman of the Jury, I contend that had my client actually sliced off the plaintiff's car, and put it in his breeches' pocket, I should be entitled to a verdict, for what amount of damages would you award to a man for the loss of that which he himself has proved to have been utterly useless to him 1" the counsel paused for a moment to observe the effect of his appeal upon the jury; the. foreman of which, after kicking three or four of his neighbours out of the land of dreams, stated that he had taken the sense of his colleagues, (which was very probable, since they have none left,) and would not trouble the learned gentleman to proceed, his last argument being conclusive. A verdict for the defendant was accordingly delivered, and the bar- ber returned in triumph to his village. 