THE GHOST OF KILSHEELAN ! (From Whittaker's Magazine. ) It's something more nor forty, or five and forty years ago, that there lived in Kelsheelan, in this very county of Tipperary, a real old gentle- man-he was one Major Blennerhasset-one of the real old Protestants. None o' your upstarts that come in with Cromwell or Ludlow, or any o'the blackguard biblemen o'them days-for the only dif- ference between a bibleman now, sir, and the bible men of former days was just this-that Cromwell's biblemen used to burn us out of house an' home, while the bibleman now only tells us that we are goin' to blases-so, your honour, you see they were determined to fire us one way or another. Well, as I was telling you, Major Blennerhassett was a real old Protestant, and though he'd curse, an' swear, an' d-n the Popists when he'd be in a passion, the devil a' one of him would be ever after turfn' us out of our Hltre holdings, supposin' we were two, or three, or may be five gales in arrear. Now you may be sure that all the boys were dis- turbed one morning, to hear that the Major was found with his throat cut from ear to ear, in a most unhandsome manner. There wasn't a Papist in the parish but knew that he hadn't a hand in it-for the Major was as dead as a door nail, or Queen Elizabeth. There wasn't a neighbour's child in the entire barony that wasn't up at the Major's big house in no time, to hear "how the poor master's throat was out," and when they saw him it was plain to be seen that the Major did'nt do it him- self-for there was the poor right hand cut in two nearly, and such a gash as he had in his throat, they all said, couldn't be given by himself, because the Major, it was well known, wasn't kithogued (left handed.) Besides that, there was the gold watch gone, an' his bonds, an' what money he had in the house, along with a £500 note. To be sure the magistrates had an inquest, an' pretty work they made about it-an' may be the newspapers didn't make fine talk about it-they never stopped for three months sayin' "all the Protestants in Tip- perary were murdered by the Papists," and so on, till this peaceable county was under the insurrec- tion Act, an' then to be sure they never stopped transportin' us-an' all this was by raison of a de- cent gentleman's throat bein' cut by some black- guard or other. At all events there was no makin' head nor tail o' the Major's murder till comin' on the Assizes, when two young innocents-one Jack Carey, and one Bill Dorney, were taken up for it. My father knew the two chaps well, and except that they didn't care what they did to come round a girl, he often tould me, that milder, nor innocenter, nor modester, nor purtier behaved boys he never seen. The people, in fact, were sure tbey would be acquitted, till they heard that Lord Norbury was cumin' the circuit, an' then they gave it up as a bad job. At last the day o' the trial came, an' to the surprise an' wonderment of every body, who should get up on the table, an' take the book in his hand, to swear away the lives of Poor Jack Carey and Bill Dorney, but one Kit Cooney! Now, Kit you must know, was the only creature that lived with the Major-for the Major was an ould bachelor-and Cooney fled the country after the Major was murdered, an', in troth, every one thought that it was he who did the Major's business- for he wasn't the best o' character at any time, and every one was wonderin' why the Major let him live with him, at all at all. Up Kit got on the table as bould as a lion, an' he swore hard and fast, as a trooper that Dorney an' Carey murdered the Major in his bed, and that he himself, Kit Cooney, the vagabond, agreed to join them in doin' so; but that he repinted of it, and wouldn't lay a hand on the ould man, but ran away to Dublin, when it was all over, and tould the Polis there all about it. He was, you see, sir, a King's evidence, an' informer, and in short he hung the two men. The truth was, Cooney had the Dublin Polis magistrates to back him out, an' the two poor boys wouldn't prove an alibi at all-but this indeed I often heard their friends say, that if the two gossoons liked it they could have proved alibis for them in twenty different places, all at the same time, and each of them forty miles away from the murder ; besides that the two boys themselves could show, as clear as day-light, where they really were the night the Major was murdered. The fact was, it was said that Carey and Dorney were doing something that night they didn't want the Priest to know any thing about. At all events they might have let such evidence alone, for they'd have been hung on Kit Corney's affidavy at any rate. They, to be sure, said they were innocent, and the people believed them-the judge said they were guilty, and the jury believed him, and the two young men were hung accordingly. This, Sir, I woa telln' you, happened five an' forty years ago, and just like the present times, Cooney knew the country too well to stop in it-at best he was an informer, an' Tipperary is a spot that was always 'counted too hot for them kind of rapscal- lions. It wasn't for many years after that he was heard of, an' the way that mention was made of him was just thus. It was, you see, about six and twenty years next Holy Eve night, that my aunt Biddy-an' it's from her own son I have the story, which is next to knowin' it myself-it was on that very night (-an' it's a night that's mighty remarkable entirely for quare stories of the good people)-that she was standin' at the door of poor ould Major Blenner- hassett's house that was, and lookin' out to see what in the world was keepin' Paddy (that was her hus- band's name) so long at the market of Golden-(for it was market day in Golden) when she seen a well- dressed, farmer-like man, with clothes on him that looked as if they were made in Dublin-you see they hadn't the Tipperary cut upon them at all. And there was this decentish ould man standing right opposite her on the road, and lookn' terrible narrow at the house. Well, she thought nothin' at all o' that; for it's few people could pass the road without stoppin' to look at the Major's house, it was such an out o' the way big one to be so near the high road. " God save you, ma'am," says he. '' God save you kindly, sir." says she. " It's a cold night," says he. " 'Tis", says she ; " will you come in an' take an air of the fire?" "I will," says he. So she brought him down to the kitchen, an' the first thing she remarked was, that she forgot to tell him of an ugly step, that lay in his way, an' that every body tripped over, if they weren't tould of it, or didn't know of it well before. And yet, without a trip or a jostle, but smooth, and smack clean like herself, the stranger walked down stairs before her. " By my sowkins," said she to herself, " you were here before, my good man, whoever you are, and I must keep my eye upon you"-an' then the talks out to him, " are you dry or hungry ?" says she. " No, but I'd like a drink o' buttermilk," says he. " Why then, I'll get that same for you," says she ; " what countryman are you?'' "Then to tell you the truth," says he, " I'm a Connaught- man. " Why then you haven't a bit o' the brogue," says she, " but talk English almost entirely as well as myself." " Oh!" says he, " I was in Dublin polishing off the brogue." " That accounts," says she, " for the fine accent you have-were you ever in these parts before?" " Never,"says he. "That's a lie," says she to herself; "but I'll go an' fetch you a noggin o' the buttermilk." " Thank 'ee," says he. You see, she left him sitting in the kitchen, and while she went for the buttermilk, which was to a pantry like, off the kitchen, an' while she was there, she saw the stranger put his hand to the -second brick, in the hob, take out some little parcel, and run it into his breeches pocket. While he was doin' this, she saw his little ferret-eyes, that were not larger in appearance nor a hawk's, but were bright and glisenin' and dazzlin' like them, wheelin' all round the kitchen, to see if any one was watchin' him. In a minute, she knew the gallows look of him--it was Kit Cooney, that had hung her own flesh and blood, till they were high an' dry as a side of bacon. To be sure, the poor woman was frightened enough, but she was very stout, an' didn't let on, an' accordingly, she came out with the noggin, an' when he drank it off, she sat down op- posite him, an' asked him would be stop the night, as her husband would be home in a few minutes, an' would be glad to see any one that could tell him about the castle, an' the parliament house, an' the bridges, an' the lord mayor, an' all the fine sights of Dublin. " No, thank'ee," says he, " I must be in Golden to-night-I've got all I wanted from you." "Faith you have," says she to herself again, but, watever it is, it's more nor a drink o' buttermilk." Well, sir, the man left her, an' she sat down wait- ing her husband, quite melancholy like, an' wondrin' what in the world it was that Cooney had taken from behind the hob ; she searched it mighty cutely, but if she was looking from that day to this, not a ha'p'orth she could find, but on empty hole, an' nothin' in it. Ten o'clock struck-eleven o'clock struck, an' no Paddy was yet come-so to comfort herself, she sat down to make a cup of tay, an' to make it strong she determined to put a stich (a glass of whiskey) in it. She had the bread an' the butter, an' the whiskey bottle, an' the tay-pot laid comfort ably on the settle bed, and there she was sittin' on a crepeen (little stool) beside it, when the clock struck twelve ; the very instant it did, she heard the drawin' room door open, an'-tramp-tramp-tramp, she heard two feet, comin' down stairs-an'-whack, whack, whack, went a stick against the bannisters, as if somebody, who was lame, was hobbling down to her, as well as his two legs an a stick would carry him. To he sure, the poor woman was frightened enough ; she know it could not be Paddy ; for if he had a stick in his hand, he would be more likely to knock it against a man's head than an ould wooden bannister. " The Lord save us" said she to her self, " is this Kit Cooney a comin' back to masacre me" "Halloa!" she then called out, "you vaga bone, whoever you are, don't be afraid to show your face to an honester woman than ever your mother was." Devil an answer she got. " Och," says she, " may be it's nobody at all-I'll take another cup o' tay 't any rate'." She had just filled it out an' put the second slick in it, an' was mixing it with a spoon, when she turned up her eyes, on' who in the world should she see leaning over the settle bed, an' lookin' quite can- tankerous, an' doleful at the same time, at her but the Major himself ! There he was in the very same dress that she had seen on him the very last day be was out with the Tipperary militia. He had on him a cocked hat that was, at least, three feet broad, an' two gould bands on it, that were glistenin' as grandly as if they had only that minute come out o' the shop, an' had never got a drop a rain on them-then he had a large black leather stock on his neck, an' a grand red officer's coat, that between the green that it was turned with, an' the gold that was shinin' all over it, you could hardly tell what colour it was ; his shirt was as fine as silk, an' fringed with beautiful tuckors, an' then, the leather breeches on his thin ould legs were as white as the driven snow, an' his boots that were up to his knee were as black and po- lished as a crow's neck. The Major, in fact, was dressed out in the very suite that he went up to Dublin to get made for himself, an' that he never wore, barrin' it was on the King's birth-day, or the like. To be sure poor Biddy, who knew that the Major was buried many a long day ago, an' knowin' too right well that she got drunk with grief at his wake, was spifficated, and, in fact, nonplushed with admiration, when she saw him standin' before her in his best clothes. She had'nt time to say " God save you kindly" to him, when he said to her, " So, Biddy, a man can't walk down his own stairs, that was, without you abusin' him like a pickpocket, and callin' him names. I little thought I'd ever hear your mother's daughter call poor old Major Blenner- hasset, that was a friend to you and yours, a vaga bone. It's easy known' it's in my grave I am, 'and not here, or you'd cut the tongue out o' your ugly head before you dare say such a word to me, you drunken blackguard." " Oh ! then, Major," says Biddy, " sure enough, if I knew that it was you that was in it, I'd be the biggest o' vagabones to call you names; but how in the world was I to think, that you'd be wakin' like a whiteboy, at this unsea- sonable hour o' the night ?" " Oh ! then Biddy, if you knew how glad I am to get a walk, you would'nt wonder at me walkin' whenever I'd be let; may be you'd be glad to stretch your limbs yourself, if they were after being crammed twenty-five years in a cold grave. But how is Paddy ?" " He is mighty well thank'ee, Major." " How many childer have you betwixt you?" "Only ten, Major" " What's become of them ?" " Why, then it's mighty good o' you to ask after them, Major. Then to tell you the truth, my four girls are married, and have three children each , two o' my boys were hanged in the risin' in '98 ; three more were transported because their brothers were hung for that same, an' my youngest son is in hospital from an accident he met with at the last fair o' Golden, when one o' the Kinnealies broke his leg, with the blow o' a stone, because he was fightin" as well as his shillelah would let him, for the Hogans, who you know yourself are our cou sins-germans or his own. But, Major, I'm sorry to see you look so delicate. Is there any thing the matter with you?" " Anything the matter with me! why, then, Biddy, you're enough to drive a man mad. It's no wonder Paddy often gives you a mollos reguing (beating) ; any thing the matter with me? Blur an ounty fish, amn't I dead and buried ? What worse could be the matter with a man nor that? Besides I'm cruel dry-my mouth is filled with the saw dust that was put in my coffin, an' I did not taste o'drop o' wine, malt, or spirits, this many a long day." " Why then, major," says she, " may be, you'd take a cup o' tay with me-I've some grorn in the house." " Oh, hould your tongue, Biddy, or you'll drive me ragin' mad entirely, and then I might disremember what brought me here. You couldn't take much tay yourself, ma'am, if you met with such an accident as that in your gullet." " Look at me," says the Major, taking off his leather stock, " amn't I just like an ould turkey cock on a Friday, that you were goin' to dress for my dinner on a Sunday. Wouldn't this be a purty throat to go to a tay-party with ?" And as he said this, the Major loosed his stock, an' then sure enough, upon the sight of that, Biddy didn't wonder that he held his head steady with one of his hands for fear it might fall off his shoulders entirely. " Oh! Major," says she, " it's plain to be seen that they were takin' the head off you. Bad luck to their hands that did that same for you !" " Amen !" says the Major, " an' high hangin' on a windy day to them, too but the dirty rascal, you see, Biddy, that did that, is still walkin' the face o'the earth-he hung your innocent nephews for it, too-but I won't have my walk for nothin', Biddy, if you remember what I'm going to say to you. Do you know who was here to-night? It was Tim Cooney. Now, mind my words. You seen him take somethin' out o' the hob to-night-that was a purse o' mine as full o' guineas as the Cath'lic church is full o' saints ; an' it was Cooney put it there, afther killing me, an' my blood is on the purse still-an' you recollect he swore on my trial that he got none o' my money. Now, the lyin' scoundrel, at this very minute he has my gold watch in his fob, with my own name on it, and that five hunder' pound note, that my cousin was more sorry for the loss of than he was o' myself-that is this very minute in the inside o' my gold watch, an' my name's on it-the villain was afraid by reason o' that to change the note ever since. Let you an' Paddy follow him now to Golden-you will find him in a sheebeen house there-charge him with this murder, an' tell him what I say to him, an' let him take my word for it, that I'll never stop walkin' till I see him walk to the gallows-an', Biddy, now that you mayn't be thinkin' this is a dream you have, here's a guinea that I have saved out of the fire, an' I'll make you a present of it." " Thankee, Major," says she, " you were always good to me." So she held out her hand to him for the golden guinea he was goin' to give her-her heart leaped up to her mouth when she saw it, for it was as shinin' and as yellow as a buttercup in a green field on a May mornin'. " There it's for you," says he, " hold it fast, an' don't forget I was with you." With that, she shut her hand on the guinea, an' the minute she closed her fingers on it, she thought the hand was burnt off her. " Oh! Major, Major," says she, " you've murdered me entirely." " Ah ! what Major are you talkin' of?" called out Paddy, who was that moment come home, and found Biddy jumpin' round the kitchen like a mad dog, or a young kitten. " What Major?" answered Biddy. "Why the ould Major, that was here this minute." " It's drunk you are, or dramin," said Paddy. " Why then, if I am," said Biddy, " look in the tea-cup, and you'll find the Major's guinea, that I threw there to cool it-by the powers, it has burnt the finger an' thumb off me." With that, Paddy went to the cup, an' instead of a guinea, he found nothin' but a smokin' cinder. If Biddy took her oath of it, nothin' would persuade Paddy but that she was dramin', till she told him o' Tim Cooney bein' there, an' all the Major said to her-Well, the upshot of it was, that Paddy an' Biddy went to the priest an' tould him all that happened, an' the priest went to a magistrate-Mr. Fitzgibbon, that he know had a spits to the father o' the magistrate that took Tim Cooney's swearin' against Carey an' Dorney. But as I'm near the end o' my stage, I must be short with my story : Cooney was arrested by Mr Fitzgibbon, an' the purse, an' the watch, an' the £500 note were found, exactly as the ghost told Biddy ; and Mr. Fitzgibbon an' the priest never let Cooney alone till he owned to the murder, and that the two poor boys, who by this time should be the father of fourteen or fifteen children a piece, were completely innocent. Cooney was accordingly hung at the next asizes, an' there wasn't a Carey, nor a Dorney, in Tipperary, that wasn't at the hangin' in C'lonmel. As to that, we have revenged ourselves well on them Cooney's ; for at the last fair o'Thurlos, the Carey's gave three Cooney's such a thrashin', that it will be mighty squuro thing entirely, if one o' the three live to see next Christmas day. Take my word for it, that the worst kind o' cattle in Ireland are the informer. A PARADOX. - " Wukor," m'u\ a young follow, «oing in'o n toiTeo-house olio rtilny day, " I hope you buy« got a goon fire for 1 nm «on «foundsdly mt, mid let me har« «ornvthiuy io drink directly, for I «in «unfoundedly dry. 