DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. We insert for the information of the Public, an Abstract of all the Public sales which will take place from this day's to our next publication. THIS DAY. MR. BODENHAM.—In the Market Place, Parramatta, Saxon Rams. SATURDAY. MR. S. LYONS.—At 11 o'Clock, at Mr. Joseph Wyatt's, sundry goods. MR. JOHN PAUL.—At Lamb and Buchanan's Wharf, sundry rigging, &c.; The ship Brothers, which is principally built of the wood of this Colony, takes down to Hobart Town, a fine stud of Horses, for which she is well adapted from her height between ?— is engaged in building a boat which is to contend with that brought out by the Governor Halket, for Major Lockyer. On the 15th instant, the case of the King v. West, will be tried at Bar, before the three Judges and a Special Jury, respecting the title to some Land near the new jail. This is only the second instance of a trial in similar form in the Colony. Mr. Evans (lately from London) has opened an extensive Circulating Library and Boookseller's Shop, in Bridge-street. At the time of the Admiral Gifford, leaving Norfolk Island, the Settlement was quiet and all well. The attempt to grow New Zealand Flax, at Nor- folk Island, has failed. On Tuesday, the Parramatta Coach was nearly capsized, at the Bull's Head, George-street, by a restive horse backing the cart to which he was harnessed, against the panels, which caused the coach to tilt. By the return made by Mr. Foster, the In- spector of cattle slaughtering, in the district of Sydney, it appears that 824 head of cattle have been killed during the month ending the 30th September being a considerable decrease on the last month. THEATRICALS. - "Levy at Home." - The per- formance of the evening was the Stage Struck Tailor, or the Trickish Youth, which was ably sup- ported by Messrs. Levy and Meridith, causing the previous performances in the Saloon to dwindle into comparative insignificance. The piece opens with Old Snip the Tailor, and his son Bobby, both of whom are possessed with a theatrical mania; the father for writing, and the son for treading the boards. The father is employed noting down the corps dramatique, that he intends to employ when Bobby enters in the character of Hamlet. The old boy steps out and appears as the ghost, and the speech, "I am thy father's spirit," &c.; is sung by the ghost, winding up with ''Tol lol, lol lol de day," to the no small astonishment and amuse- ment of the audience. Bobby then offers himself to his father in the character of Jerry Sneak, and sings "A queer little man," &c.;, which is followed by Dr. Camomile, who offers to phlebotimise the old codger, but who politely declines. Snip find- ing that his son will not stick to the shop board, sends for Lawyer Parchment to make his will in favour of Mrs. Lititia Tulip, towards whom he entertains a strong penchant. After duly pocketing his fee, he clearly proves to Snip that he is ac- quainted with all the quirks and quibbles of the law, and shows off in moving for a criminal infor- mation, examination of a witness in chief, cross- examination, moving in arrest of judgment, &c.; in which no less than seven gentlemen of the Austra- lian bar were prettily hit off. A love scene follows, Mrs. Tulip makes her entreé, and Snip, in the ardour of his devotion, promises to make over all his fortune to her, if she will consent to be bone of his bone, and flesh of his flesh. "Will you so," said Mrs. T., but in a tone of voice that Snip discovers his son Bobby, in the disguise, the denouncement takes place, the curtain falls, and concludes the first part. The second part opens with Bobby forsaking his parental home, leaving behind him a letter, intimating that poison or a duck pond would be his portion. Old Snip at first is rather troubled, but ultimately declares he knows not whether to laugh or cry. Molly the Maid, who is attached to her young master, brooms Old Snip for his un- feeling conduct. Shortly after Bobby reels in, and falls dead from the effect of poison. Snip sends for Mr. Longface, the undertaker, who declares that he wishes to bury every thing in oblivion, and understanding his son had met with an accident, offers to put him out of the way at a very moderate rate. Bobby ultimately appears in the character of a ghost, and forces his father to sign a bond, mak- ing over all his property to him. The song of "Come let us Dance and Sing" concludes the per- formance. The Court of Requests commences this day; the number of cases for adjudication is 260, besides 18 that stand over from last Sittings. Mr. Edward Hallen, the architect, has hand- somely offered his services gratis, to draw the plans and superintend the erection of the Baptist Chapel in Bathurst-street. The enquiries on board the Hulk have closed, entirely acquitting the Superintendent of the charges brought against him. Several large heaps of dirt have been scraped up from the roads by the Government gangs, and left in front of the inhabitants houses at the lower end of George-street, to their great inconvenience. Such was the general tenor of the performance presented to the public on Monday evening. At the fall of the curtain, Mr. L. came forward and informed the public the performance would be again repeated on Monday next, being the last time before the opening of the Theatre. State of His Majesty's Gaol, Sydney, Wednes- day, October 3.—Trial, 63 ; remanded, 4 ; bail, 4 ; transportation, 5 ; labour, 16 ; iron gangs, 23 ; interior, 7 ; examination, 8 ; factory, 5 ; debtors, 16; evidence, 1 ; surveyor of road department, 1. Total, 158. On Tuesday two desperadoes were received into the gaol from Bathurst, having been committed to take their trials for a robbery with violence, on the estate of Mr. Icely. Some parties who had been formerly constables, obtained a transfer of licenses to them on Tuesday. Captain Rossi informed them, that from the situa- tion they formerly held, they must be acquainted with the law, and therefore he should fine them the full penalty, if brought before him for a breach of the Licensing Act. The cases alluded to in a former number, McIn- tyre v. Macqueen, are brought by Mr. John, not Mr. Peter McIntyre. Mr. McGarvie, of George-street, has lately re- ceived an extensive assortment of stationery, books, &c.; The Civil Court has adjourned until Saturday, for the purpose of affording the gentlemen of the long robe an opportunity of appearing at the Races. Forged orders, and counterfeit silver, are flying about in all directions. Shop keepers should be cautious. The Isabella conveys forty women to Newcastle. On Tuesday night a man named Charles Han- cock was stopped by some constables, who did not know him, in Kent-street. Having nothing on his person to show that he was free, they took him to the watch-house. Hancock calculated that should the chief constable see him, he should be discharged, as he was known to him. He therefore informed the constables that if they would fetch the chief constable, he would divulge a diabolical mur- der and a robbery, in which he had been engaged. This, however, was no use ; the constables would not budge an inch, and Hancock was obliged to put up with the watch-house for the night. On Wednesday morning he forgot all about the mur- der, &c.; and being free, he was discharged. The following seventeen public-house licenses were duly transferred by a Court of General Ses- sions, held at the Police Office, on Tuesday, con- sisting of F. N. Rossi, C. Windeyer, and E. Deas Thomson, Esqrs. From Saul Lyons, Governor Macquarie, Pitt-street, to Lewis Samuels ; Wil- liam Roberts, Goldsmith's Arms, Pitt-street, to Henry Dedman ; George Porter, Golden Fleece, George-street, to William Roberts ; Thomas Tocr- ington, Manchester Arms, to Elizabeth Rowley ; Charles Millington, Help the Lame Dog over the Style, Parramattta-road, to Caroline Henson ; Mary Bell, Barrosa Tavern, York-street, to Wil- liam Cook ; Robert Regan, Sportsman, George- street, to William Atkinson ; James Richardson, Hope, Cumberland-street, to Richard Baldwin ; Thomas Willis, Bird in the Hand, Cambridge- street, to William Massey ; George Turner, Brick- maker's Arms, Pitt-street, to W. E. Sampson ; George Bunberry, Currency Lass, Castlereagh- street, to Edward McCabe ; William Edney, Crown, George-street, to John Edney ; William Charles, Waterman's Arms, Essex Lane, to Jo- seph Ward ; Henry Webb, Edinburgh Castle, Pitt-street, to John Brown ; Andrew Ball, Bri- tannia, George-street, to William Key ; Aaron Zadock, Dolphin Hotel, Elizabeth-street, to John Head ; J. E. Finch, Ship, Windmill-street, to Thomas Hyman. The Rubicon was under the necessity of putting back on Tuesday, having lost her main-top-sail yard. On Wednesday a man assigned to Mr. Hosking was found stowed away on board of her. He will be the first to be dealt with under the new Act, which makes the offence fourteen years trans- portation. Accidents, Offences, &c.; On Friday, while a Cricketer of the first-water was showing off on the Race Course, some person eased him of his coat. On Monday, a young petty-larceny rogue, while, waiting at Capper Pass's, the baker's, in George- street, for a dinner, made free to open the till and help himself to the contents, consisting of some silver, and a paper parcel containing some camo- mile flowers, which it is probable he mistook for notes, as, when caught, he was found in an out- house of his master's premises, examining it. He was handed over to the Police to be dealt with. On Monday evening Mr. Solicitor Williams was thrown from his horse, but escaped with a few slight bruises. Sporting Intelligence. This day, the mill for £20 asside, between Lane and Bates, will come off on the Parramatta Race Course. At a meeting of the Amateur Cricket Club on Tuesday evening, it was agreed that the first match should come off on Monday the 15th instant. The whole of the stakes are to be made good this day. 