These are dull, stupid, miserable times for Editors. Chicanery in public offices is at fault, and when it does occur, the re- petition strikes the reader's ear as a " twice told tale." It is in direct contradiction to the laws of nature to suppose that any man or set of men can exist without some- thing to exist upon. Such, however (woe worth the day!), is the sad plight in which the whole troop of editors, reporters, " donkeys," " pigs," and " devils" are at this moment circumstanced in every news-vender's office in town. A most un- fortunate state of things. It tends strongly to confirm the report of an approaching comet. Editors, like salamanders, spring liveliest from the hottest fires. The very heart and central part of a glowing fire is the essence of their existence. What a glorious time for these genty — the late Administration ! Plenty of work for all hands ! One knocked Darling off " his pins," another picked him up, and a third shouted "Bravo! to the onset!" And then came " a small stretch of prero- gative ," and then, and then there were many heart- burnings and shiverings, and many felt like Rory Random's friend Strap when, at " the dead hour of the night," he mistook for a ghost the witless raven Ralph. A most unlucky ap- pearance ; but the raven has moulted his black feathers. May his nest be warm, and may he, poor bird, chuckle over his bells in peace. But this is a digression, and we must to the mark. Let the raven wear his bells, and may all those who win honours live long to enjoy them ! Editors may now meet, and we fancy we see them met o'er the dull embers of a starving fire, chanting mournfully '" Woe worth the hour — woe worth the day," Ye spoiled our sport old Robin Grey ! They now may lament over their want of forethought. They now feel convinced they carried the joke too far. Of no avail is their medicine now. Very few patients to be found. Readers have not time to wade through two pages of matter for an argument, and the leading articles of our scribes at this moment well merit the appellation of prosers. We shall reserve our fire for important occasions ; for one " good lance," as whalers term it, "under the fin, is worth fifty over the flukes." We shall hit seldom, but our hits shall be " palpable hits." On the present occasion, we have to congratulate ourselves on the receipt of two commu- nications, penned by two of our most ta- lented countrymen. We feel happy in being the medium of conveying their sen- timents to the public, and have rejected other matter in order to give place to theirs. Our readers may remember that we made a few observations some time ago on the protest of Mr. Blaxland. The article annexed, it appears, arose out of those ob- servations. 