THE ROYAL CORONATION. (From the Courier, Sept. 8 ) This being the day appointed for the Coronation of their Majesties, the metropolis had an animated appearance almost from the commencement of day break. The artillery commended firing at five in the morning, and at an early hour numbers of persons were seen pouring in different directions towards the great focus of attraction;-Westminster Abbey ; and much interest was excited in the neighbourhood of Partiament-street, where numbers of seats had been erected for the accommodation of the public. A great number of persons, notwithstanding the coldness of the morning, were seated so early as five o'clock. At six o'clock a party of the Royal Artillery Corps of Volunteers arrived at St James's Palace, and took their station opposite. Shortly after eight, the barriers on the Surry side of West- minster-bridge were closed. At twenty minutes before eleven o'clock a dis- charge of artillery announced that his Majesty had quitted the Palace. The yard of the Palace was surrounded by elegantly dressed females. The Royal carriage was preceded by several others. His Ma jesty sat bare-headed, with a high ruff round his neck, and appeared remarkably well. Her Majesty sat by his side, but rather higher, and wore a crown of pearls. As the carriages passed, the bands which had been previously stationed in the line of the pro- cession played " God save the King." Six beau- tiful cream-coloured horses splendidly caparisoned, attended by grooms in their state liveries, followed the retinue. As his Majesty passed the Park he was received by a salute from the guns placed there for that purpose. As the procession proceeded, the King and Queen were loudly greeted by the assem- bled populace, who mingled their voices with the in- struments of the military in crying " God save the King." The Lord Chancellor came in the state car- riage, which is of very ancient appearance, having been in use more than a century, and it created con- siderable amusement among the mob. As soon as the procession had passed, the dense masses of peo- ple began to separate, and the throngs which before were anxiously hurrying towards tho point of at- traction were met moving in the opposite direction, and proceeding in perfect good humour to their homes. ORDER OF PROCESSION TO THE ABBEY. A Squadron of Life Guards. Tho Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Attendants, In their Royal Highnesses' Two Carriages, each drawn by Six Hornes, wiih their proper Escort of Life Guards. The Duchess of Cambridge and Attendants, In her Royal Highness's Two Carriages, each drawn by Six Horses, with their proper Escort of Life Guards. The Duke of Sussex and Attendants, In his Royal Highness's Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, with His proper Escort of Life Guards. The Duke and Duchess of Cumberland and Attendants in their Royal Highnessse' Two Car- riages, each drawn by Six Horses, with their proper Escort of Life Guards. The King's Barge Master. The King's Forty-eight Watermen. THEIR MAJESTIE'S CARRIAGES. Each drawn by Six Horses. Two Grooms The First Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays, walking. Conveys Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber to the Queen. Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter to the Queen. Gentleman Usher Daily Waiter to the Queen. Two Grooms The Second Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays, walking. Conveys Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber to the King. Gentleman Usher Quniterly Waiter to the King. Gentleman Usher Daily Waiter to the King. Gentleman Usher to the King. Two Grooms The Third Carriago, Two Grooms walking drawn hy Six Bays, walking. Conveys Equerry to the Queen. Page of Honour to the King. Page of Honour to the Queen. Page of Honour to the Queen. Two Grooms The Fourth Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays, walking. Groom of the Bedchamber. Groom of the Robes. Page of Honour to the King. Page of Honour to the King. Two Grooms The Fifth Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays, walking. Conveys Clerk Marshall.-Major-Gen. Sir A. Barnard. Vice-Chamberlain to the Queen.-Hon. W. Ashley. Page of Honour to the King. Lord of the Bedchamber. Two Grooms The Sixth Carriage. Two Grooms walking. Drawn hy Six Grays, walking. Conveys Woman of the Bedchamber. Woman of the Bedchamber. Vice-Chanberlainto the King.-Earl of Belfast. Comptroller of the Household.-Right Hon. Robert Grosvenor. Two Grooms The Seventh Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays, walking. Conveys. Maid of Honour. Maid of Honour. Treasurer of the Household-Righ Hon. Sir W. H. Freemantle, K.G.H. Keeper of the Privy Purse- Major General Sir. J, Wheatley. Two Grooms The Eighth Carriage, Two Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Bays. walking. Conveys Maid of Honour. Maid of Honour. (Lord of the Bedchamber in Waiting. Master of the Robes-Captain Sir G. Seymour. Three Grooms The Ninth Carriage, ThreeGrooms walking. Drawn by Six Whites, walking. Conveys Maid of Honour. Maid of Houour. Groom of the Stole-Lord A. Fitzclarence. Lord Chamberlain to the Queen-Earl Howe. Three Grooms The Tenth Carriage, Three Grooms walking. Drawn by Six Blacks. walking. Conveys Lady of the Bedchamber. Master of the Horse-Earl of Albemarle. Lord Steward of the Household-Marquis Wellesley. Lord Chamberlain to the King- Duke of Devonshire. A Squadron of Life Guards. His Majesty's Equerries and Aids-do-Cump, On Horseback, two and two, Attended by one Groom each; and on either side by the King's two Yeoman Riders. Deputy Adjutant-General, Deputy Quartermaster General, and Deputy Adjutant-General of the Royal Artillery. Quartermaster-General, Adjutant-General, The Master of his Majesty's Buck Hounds, on Horseback, (Viscount Anson), Attended by two Grooms. Six of his Majesty's Horses, With rich trappings, each horse -led by two Grooms, Marshalmen, in ranks of four. The Junior Exon and Clerk of the Check of the Yeomen of the Guard, on Horseback. One Hundred Yeomen of the Guards, Four and Four. Senior Exon and Lieutenant of the Yeomen, On Horseback. Twelve Footmen, Four and Four. Four Grooms THE STATE COACH Four Grooms walking. Drawn by 8 cream-col.horses, walking. Attended by a Yeoman of the Guard, at each Wheel, and two Footmen at each door. The Gold Stick and Captain ot the Yeomen of the Guard riding on either side, attended by two Grooms each, Conveying THE KING, THE QUEEN, The Mistress of tha Robes-Dowager Du. of Leeds. The Lady of the Bedchamber in Waiting. A Squadron of the Life Guards. The procession formed at Constitution-bill at nine o'clock, and started from St. James's at ten. At eleven o'clock their Majesties arrived at the Abbey. As they advanced up the nave of the choir, the choristers of the Chapel Royal and, of Westmin ster, in the organ gallery, sang the Anthem-" I was glad when they said unto me, we will go to the house of the Lord." It was gratifying to observe that their Majesties were in excellent health. "The procession proceeded in the following or- der :- Officers of Arms. The Prebendaries and Dean of Westminster. His Majesty's Vice-Chamberlain. Treasurer of his Majesty's Comptroller of his Majestys Household, bearing the Crimson Bag with the Medals. The Lord Chamberlain of The Lord Steward of his Majesty's House- his Majesty's House hold ; his Coronet car- hold ; his Coronet carried by a Page, carried by a Page. The Lord Chancellor of Ireland attended by his Purse-bearer ; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord High Chancellor ; attended by his Purse-bearer ; his Coronet carried by a Page, The Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in his Rochet, with his Cap in his hand ; attended by two Gen- tlemen. PRlNCESSES OF THE BLOOD ROVAL,, viz her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, in a Robe of Estate of Purple Velvet wearing a Circlet of Gold on her Head ; her Train borne by a Lady of her Royal Highness's Bedchamber, assisted by s Gentleman of Her Royal Highness's Household ; the Coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Villiers. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in a like Robe ; her Train also horne ; mid the Coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Encombe Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester, in a like Robe of Estate; her Train borne in like manner; and the Coronet of her Royal Highnoss borne by Viscount Deerhurst. The Queen's Vice-Chamberlain. THE QUEEN'S REGALIA, viz. The Ivory Rod The Lord Cham- The Sceptre with with the Dove, berlain of her Ma- the Cross, borne by jesty's Household, borne by the Earl Cawdor ; his Coronet car- Earl of Jersey ; his Coronet carried by a Page, his Coronet carried by a Page. carried by a Page. Two Sergeants Her Majesty's Crown, Two Sergeants at borne by the Duke of Beaufort; at Arms. his Grace's Coronet Arms. carried by a Page THE QUEEN, The Bishop in her Royal Robes; Archbishop of Her Majesty's Train of Winchester, borne by the Duchess of Armagh. Gordon, in the absence of the Mistress of the Robes, assisted by Six Daughters of Earls, viz : Lady T. Fox-Strangways. Lady Theodosîa Brabazon, Lady Mary Pelham. Lady Georgiana Bathurst. Lady Sophia Cust. Lady Georgiana Grey. Ladies of the Bedchamber in Waiting-, viz. Countess Brownlow. Marchioness of Westmeath. Maids of Honour, viz. Hon. Miss Eden. Hon. Miss Bagot. Hon. Miss De Roos. Hon. Miss C. Boyle. Hon. Miss Seymour. Hon. Miss Mitchell. Women of the Bedchamber, viz. Lady Caroline Wood. Lady William Russell. THE KING'S REGALIA, viz. St. Edward's Staff, The Golden Spurs, TheSceptre, borne by the borne by the with the Cross, Duke of Grafton; Marq.of Hastings; borne by the his Coronet carried his Coronet carried Duke of St. by a Page. by a Page. Albans; his Coronet carried by a Page. Black Rod. Garter. The Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain of England his Coronet borne by a Page. PRINCES OF THE BLOOD ROYAL, VIZ. His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in his Robes of Estate, carrying his Baton as Marshal ; his Coronet borne by a Gentleman of his Royal Highness's Household ; his Train borne by Lord Edward Thynne. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, in like Robes ; his Coronet carried by a Gentleman of his Royal Highness's Household ; his Train borne by Lord John Spencer Churchill. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, in like Robes, carrying his Baton ; his Coronet borne by a Gentleman of his Royal Highness's Household ; his Train borne by Lord Ernest Bruce. The High Constable -of The High Constable of Ireland, Scotland, Dukeof Leinster; his Earl of Errol; hie Coronet home by a Page. Coronet borne by a Page. The Earl Marshal The Sword of The Lord High. of England, State, borne Constable with his Staff ; his by Earl Grey ; his of England, the Grace's Coronet Coronet D. of Wellington, borne by a Page, carried by a Page, with his Staff and his Baton as Field-Marshal; his Grace's Coronet borne by a Page. The Sceptre St. Edward's The Orb. with the Dove, Crown, borne by the borne by the borne by the Duke of Duke of Lord Somerset ; Richmond High Steward, his Coronet his Coronet the Duke of carried carried Hamilton. by a Page. by a Page. The Palina, The Bible, The Chalice, borne by borne by borue by the Bishop of the Bishop of the Bishop of Carlisle. Chichester. THE KING, Rochester. in The The his Royal Crimson. Robe Archbishop Bishop of of State ; of York, Bath his Mnjesty's Train in the absence and borne by of the Wells. Sixeldest Sons of Dukes, Bishop of viz. : Durham. The Marquis of Worcester, Earl of Surrey, Earl of Euston, Marquis of Douro, Marquis of Titchfield, Earl of Lincoln, assisted by the Muster of the Robes ; and followed by the Groom of the Robes. The Groom of The Gold Stick The Master of The Stole ; of the Life the Horse ; his Coronet Guards in wait- his Coronet borne borne by a Page, ing; his Coronet by a Page. borne by a Page. The Captain of the Yeo- The Captain of the Band of men of the Guard; his Gentlemen Pensioners ; Coronet borne by a Page. his Coronet borne by a Page. Two Lords of the Bedchamber, viz. Earl Amherst ; . Earl of Denbigh ; Each attended by a Page to bear his Coronet, Exons of the Yeomen of the Guards, Yeomen of the Guard. Exons of the Yeomen of the Guard. Tho Peers and Peeresses, in their robes of estate, and others, summoned by his Majesty's command to witness the ceremony of the Coronation, were conducted to the places assigned to them in West- minster Abbey, previously to the arrival of their Majesties. The Great Officers of State, the Archbishops of Cauterbury and York, the Noblemen appointed to carry the regalia, and the 'Bishops who supported their Majesties, as well as those who carried the Bible, the chalice, and the patina, assembled in the Jerusalem Chamber, before ten o'clock ; where, the regalia having been previously laid on the table, it was delivered by the Deputy Lord Great Cham- berlain to the Noblemen by whom the same were borne, in the following order, viz. : THE QUEEN'S REGALIA. First-The Ivory Rod with the Dove, to Earl Cawdor. Second-The Sceptre with the Cross, to the Earl of Jersey. Third-Her Majesty's Crown, to the Duke of Beaufort. THE KING'S REGALIA, First-St. Edward's Staff to the Duke of Grafton, Second-The Spars, to the Morquis of Hastings. Third-The Sceptre with the Cross, to the Duke, of St. Albana. Fourth-the pointed Sword of Temporal Justice, or, Third Sword, to the Marquis of Cleveland, Fifth - The pointed Sword of Spiritual Justice, or Second Sword, to the Marquis of Downshire. Sixth-Curtana, or Sword of Mercy, to the Mar- quis of Salisbury. Seventh-The Sword of State, to Earl Grey. Eighth-The Sceptre with tho Dove, to the Duke of Richmond. Ninth-The Orb, to the Dulke of Somerset. Tenth-St. Edward's Crown, to the Duke of Hamilton, as Lord High Steward. Eleventh-The Patina, to the Bishop of Carlisle. Twelfth-The Chalice, to the Bishop of Rochester. Thirteenth-The Bible, to tho Bishop of Chi chester. The Prebendaries, on entering the choir, ascended the theatre, and passed over it to their station on the south side of the altar, beyond the King's chair. Tho Vice-Chamberlain, Comptroller, and Trea- surer of his Majesty's household, passed to their Seats. The Dean of Westminster, the great officers, and the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, ascended the theatre, and stood near the great south-east pillar thereof. The Princesses and their attendants were con- ducted by the officers to their box. The Queen, preceded by her Majesty's Vice Chamberlain, Lord Chamberlain, and the Noblemen bearing her regalia, and attended as before men- tioned, ascended the theatre and passed on the north side of the throne on the chair of state and faldstool provided for her Majesty on the east side of the theatre, below her throne, and stood by the said chair until his Majesty's arrival. The Serjeants at Arms went to their places, near the theatre. The Gentlemen Pensioners, who guarded their Majesties remained at the foot of the steps ascend- ing to the theatre. The Yeomen of the Guard Stood on the outside of the choir-door. The Princes of the Blood Royal were conducted to their seats, as Peers, by the officers of arms. The High Constables of Scotland and Ireland were conducted to their places, as Peers. The King ascended the theatre. and passed on the south side of the throne, to his chair of state on the east side of the theatre, opposite to the altar; and their Majesties, after their private devotion (kneel- ing on their fald stools), took their respective seats ; the Bishops, their supporters, standing on each side; the Noblemen bearing the four swords on his Ma- jesty's right hand ; the Deputy Lord Great Cham- berlain, and the Lord High Constable on his left; the Great Officers of State, the Noblemen, bearing his Majesty's regalia, the Dean of Westminster, Garter, and Black Rod, standing about the King's chair, and the train bearers behind his Majesty. The Groom of the Stole, the Gold Stick, the Master of the Horse, the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, and the Captain of the Band of Gentle men Pensioners, passed to their seats as Peers. The Queen's officers, the Noblemen who bore her Majesty's Regalia, her supporters, Train-bearers, and Assistants, stood near her Majesty; her Lord Chamberlain on the right hand, her Vice-Chamaber lain on the left ; and the Ladies-Attendants behind her Majesty's chair. THE RECOGNITION. Upon the conclusion of the anthem, the Arch- bishop of Conterbury, together with the Lord Chan cellor, the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord High Constable, and the Earl Marshall, pre- ceded by Garter, moved to the east side of the theatre, where the Archbishop made the recognition, and repeated the same at the south, west, and north sides of the theatre ; during which time his Majesty was standing, and turned towards the people on the side at which the recognition was made ; the people replied to each demand with loud and repeated,ac- clamations of " God save King William the Fourth;'' and, at the last recognition, the trumperts were Majesty was then seated; and the bible, the ha w sounded and the drums beat. His Majesty was then seated ; and the Bible, the chalice, and the patina, were carried to and placed upon the altar by the Bishops who had borne them, Two officers of the wardrobe then spread a rich cloth of gold, and laid, two cushions on the same, for their Majesties to kneel on, at the steps of the altar. The Archbishop of Canterbury put on his cape : and the Bishops who read the Litany were also vested in their capes. THE OFFERING. The King, attended by the two Bishops his sup- porters, and the Dean of"Westminster, the Great Officers, and the Noblemen bearing the Regalia and the Four Swords going before his Majesty, passed to the altar. Then the Queen, supported by the two Bishops, and preceded by the Noblemen who bore her Majesty's Regalia, also went to the altar. His Majesty, uncovered, and kneeling upon the cushion, made his first offering of a pall or altar cloth of gold, which was delivered by an officer of the wardrobe to the Lord Chamberlain, by his Grace to the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain, and by him to the King, who delivered it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, by whom it was placed on the altar. The Treasurer of the Household then delivered an ingot of gold, of one pound weight, being the se- cond offering, to the Deputy Lord Great Chamber- lain, who having presented the same to the King:, his Majesty delivered it to the Archbishop, to be by him put into the oblation-basin. The Queen, kneeling on the left hand of his Ma- jesty, made her offering, namely, a pall of gold, with the same ceremony. Their Majesties continuing to kneel, the prayer " O God, who dwellest in the high and holy place," was said by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of the prayer their Majesties rose. The King was conducted to the Chair of State on the south side of the area, and her Majesty to the Chair on the left hand of the King. The regalia, except the swords, waa delivered by the several Noblemen who bore the same, to the Archbishop, and by his Grace to the Dean of Westminster to be laid on the altar ; the Great Officers, and the Noble- men who had borne the regalia going to their respec- tive places. The Litany was then read by the Bishops of Lichfield and Coventry, and Lincoln, vested in copes, and kneeling at a faldstool above the steps of the theatre, in the middle of the east side thereof. Then was read the beginning of the Communion Service, the Bishop of Llandaff reading the Epistle, and the Bishop of Bristol the Gospel. The sermon was preached by the Bishop of London. ' During the sermon, his Majesty wore his cap of state of crimson velvet, turned up with ermine, and sat in his chair on the south side of the area, opposite the pulpit; his supporters, the Deputy Great Cham berlain, and the Noblemen carrying the swords, standing by him. The Archbishop of Canterbury took his seat in a purple velvet chair, on the north side of the altar, Garter standing near him. The Bishops on their benches along the north side of the area ; the Dean and Prebendaries of Westminster standing on the north side of the area, east of the King's chair,and near the altar. THE OATH. The sermon being concluded, the Archbishop of Canterbury, advancing to the King, administered the coronation oath. The King arose from his Chair of State, and, attended by his supporters and the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain, went, uncovered, to the altar, where, kneeling down upon the cushion laid on the steps, and placing his hand on the holy gospels, his Majesty took the oath, and added thereto his royal sign manual, the Lord Chamberlain of the Household holding a silver standish for that purpose, delivered to him by an officer of the Jewel office. The King having returned to his chair, the fol- lowing hymn was sung, the Archbishop reading the first line :-" Come, Holy Ghost, our souls in- spire," &c.; THE ANOINTING. Upon the conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop read the prayer preparatory to the anointing, " O Lord, Holy Father, who, by anointing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets," &c.; At the conclusion of this prayer the choirs sang the following anthem, " Zadock, the priest." &c.; During this anthem the King was disrobed of his crimson robes "by the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain, who delivered them to the Master of the Robes ; and his Majesty taking off his cap of state, the Deputy Lord Great Chamber- lain delivered the same to the Lord Chamberlain ; and the robes and cap were immediately carried into Saint Edward's Chapel, the robes by the Groom of the Robes, the cap by the officer of the Jewel office. Saint Edward's Chair, covered with cloth of gold, having been placed in front of the altar, his Majesty took his seat therein, to be anoid, when four ali Mi De Lo ha' (re op the tho Ch tia the jes tak no1 Ma De the bis W< vic fou the the by Knights of the Oarter, Viz.-The Dukes of Leeds, Rutland, Newcastle, and Northumberland, sum- moned by Garter, held over the King's head a rich pall or cloth of gold, delivered to them by the Lord Chamberlain, who had received the same from an officer of. tho wardrobe, and the Dean of West- minster stood by, holding the ampulla, containing the consecrated- oil, and pouring some into the anointing spoon, the Archbishop anointed his Majesty on the head and hands, in the form of a cross, pronouncing the words, "Be thou anointed," &c.; The King then kneeling, the Archbishop, standing on the north side of the altar, pronounced the benediction.'The Knights of the Garter re- turned the pall to the Lord Chamberlain (which was by bim re-delivered to the officer of the wardiobo) and went to their seats. THE INVESTING WITH THE SUPERTUNICA. The Dean of Westminster then received from the officers of the wardrobe the supertunics of cloth of gold, with which the Dean arrayed his Majesty. THE SPURS. After this, the Dean took the spurs from the altar, and delivered them to the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain, who, kneeling down, touched his Majesty's heels therewith, and returned them to the Dean, by whom they were laid upon tho altar. THE SWORD. The 'Nobleman who carried the sword of state then delivered it to the Lord Chamberlain, and, in lieu thereof, received from his Grace another sword in a scabbard of purple velvet- (presented to his Grace by an officer of the Jewel- office), which his Lordship delivered to the Archbishop, who laid it on the altar, and said the prayer, " Hear our prayers, O Lord, we beseech thee, and so direct and support thy servant King William,'' &c.; The Archbishop then took the sword from off the altar, and assisted by other Bishops, delivered the sword into the King's right hand, saying, " Re- ceive this kingly sword," &c;, and " With this sword do justice," &c.; OFFERING OF THE SWORD. . Tho King, rising up, went to the altar, where his Majesty offered the sword in the scabbard (deliver- ing it to the Archbishop), and then retired to his chair ; the sword was then redeemed by the Noble man who first received it, and who carried it during the remainder of the solemnity, having first drawn it out of the scabbard,and delivered the latter to an officer of the wardrobe. THE INVESTING WITH THE MANTLE. The King then standing, his Majesty was in- vested by the Dean with the imperial mantle, or Dalmatic robe of cloth of gold, delivered to him by the officers of the wardrobe; the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain fastening the clasps. THE ORB. The king then sitting down, the Archbishop having received the orb from the Dean, delivered it into the King's right hand, saying, " Receive this imperial robe and orb," &c.; His Majesty then returned the orb to the Dean, THE RING. The Lord Chamberlain of his Mojesty's House- hold then, receiving from the officer of the Jewel office the ruby ring, delivered the same to the Archbishop, who put it on the fourth finger of the King's right hand, saying " Receive this ring," &c.; The Dean then brought from the altar the two sceptres with the cross and dove, and delivered them to the Archbishop, in the mean time, the Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, presented to the King a glove for his Majesty's right hand, embroidered with the arms of Howard, which his Majesty put on. THE SCEPTRES. The Archbishop then delivered the sceptre with the cross into his Majesty's right hand, saying, "" Receive the Royal sceptre," &c.; ; and then the ''sceptre with the dove into his left hand, saying, Receive the rod of equity," &c.; 'The Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the Mannor of Worksop, supported his Majesty's right arm, and held the sceptre as occasion required. THE CROWNING. The Archbishop, standing before the altar, and having Sir Edward's crown before him, took the same into his hands, and consecrated and blessed it with the prayer, " O God, who crownest thy faithful servant with mercy." &c.; 'then the Archbishop, assisted by other Bishops, came from the altar, the Dean of Westminster carrying the crown, and the Archbishop took and placed it on his Majesty's head, while the people, with loud and repeated shouts, ciied " God save the King," &c.; the trum pets sounding, the drums beating, and the Tower and Park guns firing by signal. The acclamations having ceased, the Archbishop pronounced the exhortation-" Be strong and of good courage," &c.; The choirs then sung the following anthem " The King shall rejoice in thy strength," &c.; As soon as the King was crowned, the Peers put on their coronets ; the Bishops their caps ; and the Kings of Arms their crowns. THE HOLY BIBLE. The Dean then taking the Holy Bible from the altar, delivered it to the Archbishop, who, attended by the rest of the Bishops, presented it to the King, saying, " Our Gracious King;" &c.; The King then returned the Bible to the Archdeacon, who gave it to the Dean, to be by him replaced on the altar. The Archbishop then pronounced the benedictions, the Bishops and Peers answering each benediction with a loud Amen. The Archbishop then, turning to the people, said, "And the same Lord God Al- mighty grant," &c.; The Te Deum was then sung, during which time the King removed to the chair on which his Majesty first sat, on the east side of the throne. THE INTHRONIZATION. Te Deum being ended, the King ascended the theatre, and was inthroned by the Bishops and Peers ; and the Archbishop pronounced the exhor- tation, " Stand firm and hold fast," &c.; THE HOMAGE. His Majesty then delivered the sceptre with the cross to the Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, to hold the same on his right hand, and the sceptre with the dove to the Duke of Rich- mond, to hold the same on his left hand, during the homage. The Archbishop then knelt before the King, and, for himself and the other Lords Spiritual, pronounced the words of homage, they kneeling around him and saying after him. The Archbishop then kissed his Majesty's left cheek, and the rest of the Lords Spi- ritual did the same, and retired. Then the Duke of Cumberland, ascending the steps of the Throne, and taking off his Coronet, knelt before the King, and, for himself and the other Dukes of the Blood Royal, pronounced the words of homage, the rest putting off their Coronets, kneel- ing with him and about him, and saying after him. The Duke of Cumberland then touched the Crown upon his Majesty's head, and kissed his Majesty's left cheek ; the rest of the Dukes of the Blood Royal did the like after him, and then retired. The Dukes and other Peers observed the same ceremony, the senior of each degree pronouncing the words of homage, and the rest of the same degree saying after him, and each Peer of the game degree, suc- I f cessively, touching his Majesty's Crown, and kissing his Majesty's left cheek, and then retiring. During the above ceremony, the choir sung an anthem, and the Treasurer of his Majesty's house- hold threw about the medals of the Coronation. THE ANOINTING, CROWNING, AND INI'HRONING THE QUEEN. The Queen having reposed herself in her chair on the south side of the altar during the coronation and Inthronisation of his Majesty, as soon as the anthem was ended, arose, and being supported as before, went to the altar, attended by her train bearer and ladies-assistants ; and her Majesty knelt, whilst the Archbishop said the prayer of consecra- tion. Her Majesty then rose and went to the fald- stool, at which she was to be anointed and crowned, placed before the altar, between the steps and King Edward's chair ; and standing there, the chief lady who usually attends her Majesty, took off her circle of gold, and delivered it to her. Majesty's Lord Chamberlain. The Queen then knelt down, and four Duchesses, appointed for that service, holding a rich pall of silk or cloth of gold over her Majesty, the Archbishop poured the consecrated oil upon her bead, saying, "In the name of the Father, "&c.; Then the Archbishop received, from the officer of the Jewel-office, the Queen's ring, and put the game on the fourth finger of her 'Majesty's right hand, saying, " Receive this ring," &c.; 'The Archbishop then took the Crown from the altar, and reverently set it on to the Queen's head, 11 saying, " Receive the Crown," &c.; " Her Majesty being crowned, all the Peeresses t present put on their coronets ; and then the Arch- * bishop placed the Sceptre with the Cross in her Dove in her left, and offered up the prayer, " O Lord, the giver of all perfection," &c.; The Queen, being thus anointed and crowned, and the hallelujah, chorus. At the commencement of the chorus, the Queen rose, nnd, supported as before, ascended the theatre (reverently bowing to his Majesty as she passed the throne), and was conducted to her own throne on the left of that of the King, where her Majesty reposed until the conclusion of the chorus. THE HOLY SACRAMENT. After the chorus, the two Bishops, who had read the hands of the Archbishop, the patina and the chalice, which they carried into St. Edward's Chapel, and brought from thence the broad upon the patina, and the wine in the chalice. Their Majes- ties thon descended from their thrones, and went to the altar, where the King, taking off his Crown, delivered it to the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain to hold, and the sceptres to the Dukes of Norfolk nnd Richmond. Then the Bishops delivered the patina and chalice into the King's hands ; and his Ma- jesty delivered them to the Archbishop), who re- verently placed the same upon the altar, covering them with a fair linen cloth.. The Queen, also Chamberlain to hold, and the sceptres to those noblemen who had previously borne them. Their Majesties then went to their chairs on the south side of the area. When the Archbishop and the the. altar, and received the sacrament, the Arch- bishop administering the bread, and the Dean of The King and Queen then put on their Crowns, and taking the Sceptres in their hands as before, again repaired to their Thrones, supported and at- tended as before. The Archbishop then read the communion ser- vice, nnd pronouncod the blessing; and, at the con- clusion, the trumpets sounded and the drums beat. After which, his Majesty, attended as before, the the area, and passed through the door on the south side of the altar, into St. Edward's Chapel ; and them from the Dean of Westminster as they passed by the altar into the Chapel. The Queen at the same time, descending from her Throne, went into the same Chapel, at the door on the north side of the altar. Their Majesties being in the Chapel, the King standing before the altar, delivered the Sceptre with the Dove which his Majesty had borne in his left hand, to the Archbishop, who laid it upon the altar. His Majesty was then disrobed of his royal robe of state, and arrayed in his royal robe of purple vel- vet by the Deputy Lord Great Chamberlain. The Archbishop then placed the Orb in his Ma- jesty's left hand. The Noblemen, who had carried the Gold Spurs, and St. Edward's Staff, delivered the same to the Dean, to be by him deposited on the altar. Whilst their Majesties were in St. Edward's Chapel, the officers of arms arranged the return, so that all was ready to move at the moment when the King and Queen left the Chapel. Their Majesties, and the Princes and Princesses, then proceeded out of the choir, and to the west door of the Abbey, attended as before ; their Majesties wearing their Crowns ; the King bearing, in his right hand, the sceptre with the cross, and, in his left, the orb ; and the Queen bearing, in her right hand, her sceptre with the cross, and, in her left, the ivory rod wlth the dove : their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Princesses wearing their coronets ; and the Princes, who are Field-Marshals, carrving their batons. The four swords were horne before the King, in the samo order as before. The Dean and Prebendaries, and the Bishops, who had carried the Bible, the chalice, and theo patina, remained in the choir. The noblemen who had severally carried the crowns, the orb, the sceptre with the dove, the spurs, and St. Edward's staff, walked in the same places as before ; those who have staves and batons carrying the same : all Peers wearing their coro- nets; and the Archbishops, and the Bishops sup- porting their Majesties, wearing their caps ; and the Kings of Arras their crowns. On arriving at the west door of the Abbey, Garter proclaimed the King's style. The swords and the regalia were received, near the west door, by the officers of the Jewel-office, ap- pointed for that purpose. Their Majesties, and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal, returned to St. James's Palace with the same state as in their proceeding to the Abbey. 