agricultural %U$nt s" for te JUNE, 1832. in (No. XIII.) j this ft, HUNTER'S RIVER. " Wheat No rain has fallen in this dis- sit trict during the last month, but the tops of tie the mountains have been covered with snow ; the westerly winds have been in consequence peculiarly dry and piercing. The wheat has not advanced in growth from these causes. The sowing is completed, except in the lower district, where numerous grubs have destroyed large portions of the wheat as soon as it has shot above the ground. Hopes are entertained that the cold weather will destroy them, and the settlers who have suffered are now ploughing and sowing the ground anew. The stock of old wheat is much affected with the fly. Maize. The crop has been housed. A great number of pigs have been fattened in the district this year, the low prices obtained of late for hams and bacon have induced the settlers to convert their pigs into salted pork for the supply of the shipping. Potatoes. The late crop has produced potatoes of very good quality, but the quantity is small. Tobacco. Those growers who manufacture their tobacco, are busily employed. An improvement has taken place in the pressing department by the introduction of screws and wedge presses. Sheep The sheep continue in good condition ; the fleeces promise to be heavy at the ensuing shearing, as the growth of wool at this period is greater than usual. Cattle The herds of cattle are in excellent order ; the salting of beef for sale is not much practised in this district, except by Mr. Winder, who is now salting down 70 tons of beef of the finest description. general review. Twelve months having elapsed since the commencement of the Report for this district, it may not be improper to review the progress of our agriculture during that period. The cultivation of wheat has decreased as to surface, but a considerable ยก improvement has generally taken place in the mode of tillage. The land receives a greater number of ploughings, and the appearance of the wheat fields is more improved and husband-like than formerly. I will not therefore be right to assume that the quantity produced will be less. The quality of the last year's wheat was inferior, it was generally smutted, and full of wild oats, and I am sorry to say, is notorious in the Sydney market for being badly cleaned. Until the present system of cropping land year after year with wheat is exploded, it will be impossible to produce it free from the first mentioned defects, but the charge of bad cleaning may be easily removed. The substitution of a rotation of crops requires an outlay of capital which few of our settlers can afford, and under even favourable circumstances, must be gradually carried into effect. The flood in March last destroyed large quantities of maize, and much of that which was secured is of indifferent quality, but for that unfortunate occurrence the produce would have been very abundant. The cultivation of tobacco has increased considerably during the past year ; the supply would have been extensive but for the flood. Great attention is now paid to the manufacture, and the production of this article, may now be fairly considered as established. The operation of the duty on foreign tobacco has been highly beneficial, and has had a contrary effect to that which had been predicted. This market was formerly supplied with tobacco of foreign growth ; from the uncertainty of the supply, and the monopoly of the merchants, it was always sold at a high price : since the im- position of the duty, a real competition has existed between the merchant and the colonial grower, and the consequence has been a great reduction in the price to the con- sumer, and the establishment of a valuable branch of agriculture in the colony. This has been effected by the duty, in addition to the direct advantage which has accrued to the revenue by the sums of money which it has produced, levied upon an article of luxury, the proper object of taxation. A slight attention is now paid to the formation of vineyards ; it is generally considered that trenching the land is absolutely necessary to success, this involves a considerable expenditure of capital, which does not exist among our settlers. Obstacles also arise from the nature of the labour ; free-men prefer a less laborious occupation, and the completion of the work by prisoners is almost impossible, from the aversion they display, and the various plans they adopt to evade this species of work. From those individuals who have attempted it, I learn that the quantity of work they have been able to obtain from their assigned servants is much less than that mentioned by Mr. Busby in his manual. Live stock has maintained a good condition during the past year. The beef now slaughtered is better and faster than has been seen for some years ; the quality of our wool is improving fast, and increased attention is directed to the washing and getting up of this valuable staple. The value of land does not appear to have increased lately. Scarcely any estates have changed hands, there is little enter- prize or speculation excited, because the uncertainty which exists as to the intended measures of the British Government has destroyed all confidence. The price of labour appears to be stationery, the number of free men employed by settlers is less, but the system of letting small farms has absorbed the labour ; the alluvial land on the lower banks of the river, is becoming more thickly inhabited by a class of tenantry, who, in the march of civilization and improvement, are now taking their places in the ranks of our society. The ridiculous tax upon convict labour, is reprobated as impolitic and unnecessary. It is enough to raise the ghost of Adam Smith, when a Secretary of State seriously proposes a tax upon labour in a young colony. There are legitimate ways of raising money, if money must be raised without resorting to a partial impost. Its effects must be to raise the cost of production on every article we export, and to render us unable to endure the severe competition to which our produce is exposed in the markets of Europe, and this, be it remembered in a colony which is singularly deficient in exportable commodities. A reliance is generally placed on the wisdom of our Legislative Council, and a hope is felt, that its members will protect the agriculture of the colony, from the most serious blow with which it has ever been threatened and that hope, is the reason why no public brand of disapprobation has been affixed to the project, I 6 in ?nan i iii i n of mine 