PROGRESS OF THE PRESS. ' The present Turkish Sultan, among his many reforms and improvements, has succeeded to set the press to work in earnest. Many elementary works have been printed, some three or four or a higher character, on history and general geogra- phy, and now a newspaper (that novelthy for the Turks!) comes regularly fromt the Sultan's print- ing offices, and is circulated through tile vast em- pire. We are informed by a friend, who writes from Constantinople, that it is a very interesting sight to see the effects that have already sprung from these salutary 'measures. Instead of every coffee-house being crowded as it used to be, by idle, silent, stupified loungers, doing nothing but smoking their pipes, you find them now (in less numbers indeed, which is also a good thing,) occupied by men attentively reading the news- per, or conning over the 'last new work,' neatly printed, and sold at a very cheap price. Before this, and almost up to last year, they were in the condition that all Europe was in four hundred years ago, or previously to the invention of printing, when only the comparatively rich could afford to buy a book or any thing to read. Even 0n the quays of the port, and in the bazaars of Constantinople, you now see Turks occupying their leisure moments with the productions of the press. Improvement of this kind in Turkey, it seems, meet with no bigotted, no corrupt opposition but then Turkey has got neither Tithes nor Tre- vors. We subjoin, with great pleasure, the fol- lowing pastoral letter of the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople to the Bishops, which might be quoted, with shame, to the Ministry of this country, and which, we apprehend, will make Archbishop Whately blush for the contrast it affords to the productions of lawn-sleeved pen- men :— (Examiner.) " PASTORAL LETTERS OF TIIE GREEK PATRIARCH. " Belove brethren in the Holy Ghost, attached to our patriarchal apostolical tiara, and general believers in our holy religion, honorable metro- politans, Archbishop, and Bishops, the grace and peace of the Lord be with you. " A newspaper has been established, under the auspices of our sovereign, as the readiest means of hastening the improvement of society. This journal appears weekly, and is circulated regu- larly to all subscribers. The solicitude of our monarch for the general good, shows itself in this attempt to afford to every one the means of becoming acquainted with the remarkable events of the day. From this source men of elevated minds will find matter for the most interesting re- flections, and will gradually collect a fund of ex- perience as to moral improvement. On the other hand, those who look at newspapers only for news, will learn to despise the perfidious inven- tions of falsehood. These advantages would have been lost to our nation, had not the Sultan, in his enlightened benevolence, approved of the newspaper being translated in our native tongue. Thanks to his paternal care, we also have not been forgotten by our emperor the Sultan Mah- moud, in the distribution of his numerous gifts. ' Men of experience have been selected, and effectual measures adopted, in order that the journal shall appear weekly in Greek, and be delivered to each subscriber. This circumstance affording me a new occasion for rousing the pub- lic gratitude, has made it my duty to put forth this patriarchal circular, and to call upon you, and all our fellow-countrymen, subjects of the Ottoman Porte. " I invite, then, all who are eager for instruc- tion — all men animated by ennobling intentions —all the friends of virtue, to contribute to the general utility that the government proposes to itself for its object, by subscribing to this jour- nal, of which they will receive a weekly num- ber for the sum of 120 piastres a year. As it is your duty to exhort all those committed to your charge to well-doing and virtue, you ought to consider yourselves bound in honor in this under- taking ; for wherever the ignorance of what is good, and what is useful, shall prevail over the advantages placed within your disposal, the fault will very rightly be charged to the negligence of the spot. In order, therefore, to be enumerated amongst those who deserve eulogiums for their conduct, exert yourselves in conformity with the above instructions. The grace of God be with you. ' Constantinople, Jan. 21st, 1832.' 