A COTTAGE.ANECDOTE. FROM REAL LIFE. *' I tell this tale as 'twas told to me " (From the Mirror ) "Mother," cried little Ellen, ^you are melancholy.; and. aught not,, you know, to be so on your birthday night. For my part, I make it a rule to he as merry as I can on my birthday, since if I were sad, I should think it a sign that I was going to be unlucky all the next year." My dear child,;-, replied the widow. Simmons child,, doubtfully "but what should make you so we have pigs and cows, plenty of milk, eggs, butter bacon and cheese ';-potatoes, cabbages, sweet herbs sweet garden flowers, and fine fruit too to sell. Nancy is gone to a good service, and Willy, to sea*'. ," True, Ellen, true, and thank God for his bounty ; but I could wish, dear, that Willy, your brother, my heart's darling; Willy, was not gone to sea"" \- "Why, mother?" inquired" the little' girl," " he loves the great rolling sea, and is making money for himself and us by going upon it., .Our King was a sailor p'ncej ,wàs he not ? and his name is William ; father, too was a sailor, arid his name was William ; so why should not our William go to sea"? All Wil- liams', I'm sure, must be. meant for, sailors". ','.Ellen,.,dear, do you recoliect your father ?" /'No - yes -^ ; wasn't; he a tall man, with a hand- some, good natured face, smiling lips, white teeth.-snd short black hair that curled all over his head " " Ay, love, ay" ." And didn't he,wear, a dark blue jacket, striped, trousers, and a black handkerchief tied loosely about his neck- O, I do recollect him now!" ?.. ", Very perfectly, Ellen, considering how;young you.were when you last saw him. And do you re- member what, day this is? " -. ..... "Why; mother, your.birthday, to be sure.!" . " Ay and the day too on which your poor father died" . "O, I;did not remember that,",returned the; child, doing her best to look sorrowful, in spite of .tlíé,characteristic mirth anil bon-hùnmiè of her pretty innocent face, " and I don't wonder to see you me- lancholy now,;8ince I dare say your birthday never comes but what you think of my .father.":- ?.:,., ; "Never, my dear chi'd, and never will I believe because there were circumstances connected with his ' death,' too curious to allow it ever to escape my me- mory." ,"; Eh, mother, curious did you say ? O tell them, pray,tell them to me, you know I do so love to hear curious things." The widow smilèxf malgré her sorrow, when her little curious, daughter enforced this request by creeping close-up..to her, lounging upon her lap and peering with, most irresistiable bright cunning eyes, into her, face.'." Well then, Ellen," replied she, "if I tëll you, you are not to beliève in ghosts, you know;, and to frighten yourself out of your senses as you lie alone at night, .when, may be I'm gone, to drink tea. with a neighbour ; promise me that."' , -, . ,, . ''No mother'-yes, mother ; and indeed, indeed, I'm not' a bit: frightened, though "I've heard,' over and over again, .old: Sarah's ghost. stories; - which she is ready to take:her Bible oath,.are all true." "Old. Sarah, poor creature, .she's childish, my dear, and doesn't know what she's talking about,". \--"And II don't believe in ghosts; thóúgh I did see the carriage and. horses, arul coachman,. all, 'tis true as life, mother, coming without, their, heads through the old haunted abbey gate, which nobody goes near, if they can help.it night or day. So, do tell me,'what happened when fatber died." '-. . - " It was an.evening like this," said Mrs. Simmons ".that.my,poor William was; suddenly obliged.to leave.me, to join his ship,, they.,,lying in Yarmouth Roads. I say suddenly for; he had not expected to bê called away for some days but 'wind, and tide wait for no man;' and; these things: always do come suddenly, upon the sailor. I think I,never before beheld your poor father so unwilling to,depart, said fearing that his delay might injure his prospects, and even cause the ship to sail without him, I own I. was erceedingly vexed. Again,and again would he just;step to the garden gate.return, kiss.me,-and say. farewell, once more ; and.again.,and again did I urge him.even with tears, to be more manly, and depart to his duty." 'Anne,' said he at last' because you desire it, I,will go, but, but I fear that if I do, we two shall never meet again. I wish to heaven I could give up the sea and come and live here as a small farmer,' with you and the children. "Dear. William, said I "tis too late tö think of such a thing now, when the ship is just going tó sail, and you, one of her crew ; sais as to our never rrieeting more,.you've often thought so whén leaying home, and wïll lose the súperstitious fear amongst your: messmates. -So, Etleri, at last he went,:and then down I sat and had a hearty cry, for my heart misgave; roe .respecting, your poor father, in spite, of what l had said to keep up his spirits. An hour had not elapsed,-érè William was back again ; he had forgotten his bóots; or some such trifle, and returned for them. when seeing how I.took on vexed at my earnest entreaties "that he would depart without further loss of time, he was.pleased to say that he saw I wished to get rid of hem. Poor fellow! I excused him, for I saw that hew was quite overcome and when at last he did in earnest go saying in á mournful-particular tone as he shut the garden gate after him. Yes, I will see you all again. " I felt as if my heart must break. You, my dear Ellen, were then too young to remember now ex- actly, what happened four years ago, but the third day after your father's departure; the 9th of March was my birthday, Upon this occassion, I gave you all, as usual, a little treat of tea, and hot buttered buns, ( and determined, that you should sit up with me, rather longer that usual, both because of the day, and that I also felt very lonesome and sad. I think, more stormy, and as I paused, every now and then, between the stories I was telling you, to listen to the wind and rain, shivering and shuddering beside our bright fire to hear them. there came.on a sudden such an awful blast, .that thought it would have fairly carried off the roof of the cottage; nothing remained at rest within it, doors slammed to, and banged open as if they were mad, the easements rattled till I fangled not a pane of glass was in them that would not be shivered to storms. our house dog (Carlo, poor fellow, your father's great pet), howled and barked as if he knew more than we did, and such a column of smoke rolled down the chimney and filled the room, that we couldn't see each others faces for it. Lord preserve us, said I what a sight is this. there's* father !' ..Bless me, William; said I, not thinking that at the moment of what ii was, and how came you here again so soon? He made no answer, how could he?: for at that .precise moment I lost him, and at that moment too, ceased the dreadful burly of the wintry storm. ;Then was I sensible that I had received a strange ànd awful visitation ; and then; in the mïdst of all bewildered thoughts, did I cleárly comprehend that I had lost, for ever lost' my poor, poor William"! : "Alas',! news arrived indeed', not many days afterwards of the wreck of his vessel, amongst many others, in the dreadful night and,gale of the 9th of March; Whën he, and several of his unfor- tunate messmates perished. Have I not reason, Ellen to be melancholy upon my birthday ! Go; dear, fetch your new book, and read to me whilst I knit' for the wind moans drearily, the rain and hail heavily and I don't like to hear them.. May God Ipreserve your darling brother and may the Lord be merciful to all poor sailors on such a night as this.". 