NEW SOUTH WALES. From a Parliamentary paper just published, it ap- pears that the average expense of transporting n con vi« to New Soutli Wales, winch wa», In 1827, twenty four pounds one shilling und sixpence, is now con- siderably under 2t/., and that the »veruge expense ol actually maintaining mid clothing a mule convict, lhere was, In 1tl'.!l, Si/. On. ltd., bul that now it does not ex- ceed 7/. 3s. The total numbei of mule convicts in the Colony on the 1st of November, lu?u, including those nssigned to individunls and those allowed lo provide for themselves by u ticket nf leave, was 14,155 The tulul nuinbei ol feinule convicts under the sutne circumstances was 1,511 Total. The total expense of the Government of the Colony, in the year 1829, is stated to be. Of which was contributed by the Co- lonial Revenue . Leaving to be borne by the Govern- ment, u total of. £206,505 13 0 Which sum, divided by the number of convicts main- tained in the Culuny, gives II/, ¿s. 6d. us tile expense of cudi. It should, huwevei, be remarked, that, in the expenditure fur me yenr 18S0, are included two sums ol 7(1,401/. and «0,000/ ; the former for the "pro- visions, clothing, fuel, und the necessnnes provided in the Colony lor tho use mid maintenance of" the convicts;" tile hitler fur the " estimated cost of stmes sent fruin Englnud," und »mount of expenses incurred but not yet brought to account. The year 1829 wus'lhc last of a scries ol lour years of druuglit andsenicity, mid a great propoilioii ol the wlieut consumed III the Colony during that yenr, was imported from Van Diciutm's Lund; In consequence ni lins the average puce was not less than los per bushel-mo in than double Hie price of IUJ1. The price of malle duiing the mine year wns not lower In proportion than that ol » heal mid mumal Inod was also hum 50 tu75 per cent, higher than li hussince become ; this leaves nu doubt that the mnitileiiuiice nf Hie ?.une number of convicts which in IU20 cost 7H,4DI/, would not, III 1851, or any future year, cost muru than 50,000/. The estimule lor stores, millerin!*,, &c;, required Irom England during the present > car due» not exceed 7,000/. ; but, on the other hand, un mci eme may have, taken place under the henel of " Police, Giinls," &c;, to the amount of probably 5,000/. It will consequently follow, Hint supposing (us is pretty near Hie truth) the number ol convicts inniiitniued hythe Crown in oidiuaiy service at pinul settlements, ni guuls, hohpitnls, &u.; will be the same lu lilli ns li was In lU.'iJ, that the demands upon the I nglisli Trensuiy will be icduced fruin 2o(i 50 /. to 170,000/., or !)/. 15s. lor euch convict. The aggregate of tin« estímale includes a sum of 64.(00/., lor the main- tenance ol troops in Hie protection of Hie Cjinny, its well as in the control of the coin icts, mid all ollici charges to which Hie Mother country is subjected on account of the Colony. According to a tintement in n pnniphli'l published by Mr. Poltci Macqueen, M.P. for lledloriUhire, the ave inge expense of ii culpin in the Hulks in the years 111111,10,20,21 was. £.14 0 0 Ditto ul Mill Bank I'l-nitenliary. 56 15 0 Hie lowest estimule (thnl of Worcester Gaol) in a list of 11 I'enitenliniies and gaols. 28 S 4 The average of the whole II. 311 7 8 The expense ol' sending 11 convict to îvew Suutli wales, is, lu luuiid nuinbeis, my .... 20 0 0 Annual average expense of maintenance, any 12 0 0 If, therefore, 11 convict is live months on his voyage, which costs SOL, and 7 months in the Colony, at I/, per month, them will be» siiviug lo Hie nation, in Hie lowest estimule of Mr. P. Mncquien, ol 1/. 2s. lil. for euch convict in Hie lirst yonrol his quilling Cimlniul. 'lilis clearly »hows the advantages deiived Irom linns porting convicts, by the mother country, where labor Is so plentiful, thal the punishment ol the ci iminals 111 tcrfeies with the employment ol the half sturt ed pauper-Morning Herald, Mr. John Pluiikef, on his appointment a9 Solicitor Genetal of New South Wales, had the honour of being presented to his ¡Majesty. BRUSSELS, NOV. 25.-The melancholy news of the death of the Dowagci Duchess of Saxe Co- burg was teceived hore yesterday morning. The King feels deeply the loss of his mother, and has secluded himself ever since. It appears that the death of the Duchess was very sudden, having been ill only -l8 hours. She wasin hci 73th >car. The sudden departure of Mr. Stratford Can- ning, our new Envoy to the Porte, is said to he connected w'th the 1 enow al of négociations for this object. Mr. Dawkins the English resident at Nauplia, lins, however, ceased to exercise his functions in Greece, in consequence of the new Go\eminent not being lecognised hy England. THE PRESS IN INDIA.-Accounts are prepar- ing for I'mliameiit, exhibiting the number of printing-pi esses licensed or sanctioned by the British Government under the several presiden- cies of Foi t Williams, Fort St. George and lïom bay, nnd their dependencies; distinguishing Eng- lish from nntive establishments, in each year, for the years 1814, 1820, and 1830 or later period for which the snnie can be furnished, in so far ns they can be complied with. Also a statement exhibiting the number of periodical publications published under the license or sanction of the British Government, under the said several pic ?¡dence« with their dependencies; distinguishing native from European publications in each yeai for 1814, 1820 and 1830, or to the latest period for which the'samc can be furnished, in so far as it eau be complied Milli. 15,608 £306,439 S 0 00 933 15 0 I M. CnAiJErtT TiïE Finn-KiNc-There can be nobody in this Town, who can read, who has not heard of the exploits of M. Chabert, the con ! sumer of poison and conqueror of fue, of whom the Kentuckians would say, that he can whip his weight in Salamanders, and that for 0 dollars you may throw in a streak lightning, or a Steam engine to boot. He is now in New York, and has al- ready exhibited his exti aoi dinnry accomplishment to a select paity pf scientific gentlemen and some fire-eaters. There is no jugglery in his perform- ance. 'His secret is in his antidote and in his chemical preparations. This is certified both in ¡ England and by the gentleman who attended ut his pt ivate exhibition the other evening, and sti'tct ly scrutinized his proceedings. His next public ex- j hibition is postponed until Monday, when all that ' is set down in the programme will beperfoimed. to the astonishment of those who in the way of refreshment prefer cold water to prussic acid and lemonade to melted lead ; who would rather wipe their mouths with a damask napkin than a bar of red hot iron, and would rather eat their beef- steak when nicely served up by the waiter, than get into the oven and cook it themselves. Walter Scott's Fire-king was a fool to M. Chabert, who has the freedom of the destroying element, and is at the same time harmless to his mortal friends. Milln ¡dates was a fool to liiin, for he made no money out of his performance in the way of eat- i ing poison, and his familiarity with it at last prov- ed his bane in the wiong way. They say the | devil sends cooks; but M. Chabert has no need , to make a contract with him, as he jumps into the ! fire himself, and makes it do its bidding on his own ' account. He is Chabert the ignipotent and has ousted Vulcan fiom his titles and prerogative. North American Paper. The Fire-King, i\l. Chabert, died on Satin day -the cause, an internal ¡nflatninalion, by taking phosphoious. - liath Chronicle. Titi At, UY JUKY.-The following important recommendation appears in the "Third repoit of the English law Commissions," which has been just piinted. It refers to civil causes : " Jmy not to be kept in deliberation longer than Vi hours, unless at the end of that period they unanimous!) apply for fuither time-at the end of that time the concitrtence of nine to be a vcidict; at the end of that time, and nine not concurring, ihe Cause to be remanded." Swedish Turnips.—Mr. Downes, of Hill‐house, Didham, hus at tins lime afield of transplanted Swedish turnips, the, produce ol willoh, even under the unluvor nbie ciiciimstances of a heavy mildew or blight upon them, y iclds from 700 to BOO bushels per acre, and sume of the turnips weigh eight 01 ten pounds each ; by the common method ni sowing or dulling, this ipianlilv is r.ii ely mit v. uti : Hie expense of lins plan of cultiva- tion is considerably less, with a much greater certainty of obtaining a plant,- btnndard. THE BILL,-A Gentleman leaving Long's Hotel, paid a. pretty heavy Bill, without a murmur; bul winn tim waiter saul, " »ill 3ou be pleased lo consider the Sei vants, Sir," lie lepficd, " un, nu, my man, I am for the lilli-the whole Bill- and nothing but the lilli. .Mr. Mahon attending the refoim meeting in Dublin,in five minutes after his arrival, had his valua- ble Oold walch taken fiom his Pocket, by some dextrious cowtcj/oncir.-Truly Reform is lequiied somewhere. The affairs of Canton have been taken into serious consideration by our Government, and a naval expedition is, we are told, determined upon. 'Hie only way of dealing with those semi bnrbaiinus is, by force. 'Iliey mistake every pacific overture foran ac- knowledgment of their own superiority.-Morn. Pott. The Itev. C. S. Stewart, Chaplain in the United StnlCb' Navy, has published " A visit to the South Seas, in tile United ¡states' ship Vinccnnet, in I BCD, mid 1U30, funning the most >teeni account ol the Christian Missions, 111 the South Seas' Islands. DIED-On the 20th October, at Staple Grove, near Taunton, in Sonieisetshire, aged 71, Mis. Eyre, relict of the Rev. Joseph Eyre, late rector ot St. Giles, Reading. Orders have been given to remove tho Saturn, a cut down 74, from the Quarantine Ground at Milford, to Bristol, for the reception of Pii soneis, connected with the late riots in that city. Air. Carpue, the surgeon, has received advices from Vienna, by winch, it appears, that in some vil- lages in this neighbourhood, Hie oholera has been deprived of its usual lalal character hy means of eme- tics, and by maintaining the heal of the extremities. Hy this ticnlmrnt, few died out of some hundreds that were attacked ; and, lu consequence, the alarm, which spread through Austria and B.ivaua, has considerably subsided -Hampshire Tcle¡rapl¡, Lord Stewart, son of the Eari of Castle Stew- art, in Ireland, lias become a convert to the Roman Catholic Religion. On his conversion, it is said, lie addressed the Parish Priest of Aivos in these woids " Father O'Ncil, I in future wish to hear mass in your Chapel on Sunda)s and holy days ; »id request to be indulged with a stnt on the epistle side of the altar." The llomau Catholics exult gieally in this act of his Lordship. C1101.EUA.-Orders have been issued to the Junes III Loudon togo about, to examine and prevent nuisances, to inspect out houses, cess poids, and dust binns, m all houses inhabited by the poor. Water in ftbunilnnrc is poured over the back streets and lanes, and streams arc allowed lo flow along the streets, for seveial linois during the night. It is said that the cholera becomes almost innocuous where there is s constant and free circulation of air. 'lins fact has in- spired the inhabitants of London with Hie greatest confidence. Twenty thousand copies have been dis- persed gratuitously of Instructions how to prevent tins dreadful mai inly. It recommends cleanliness; frre access of air ; removal of dill, rubbish, dunning», 4c. ot mud, filth, &o.; to avoid currents of night air, fre- quent change of linen, to use solusinn of chloride of lime, to neutralise noxious effluvia, lo wear flannel, to avoid violent fatigue, excessive paitpiraliop, damp clothes, acid food, ardent spirits, sugar, and raw fruits; to maintain regular habits, a ehetifui disposi- tion, and freedom fromabjeci fears. Tne cholera was still pievalcnt in Sundeiland and Newcastle. Two eminent Solicitors had died of it on the gili of Nov.; and the poor fellow who nailed the eolours lo Hie must lu one of Nelson's engagements, died on the 0th Nos ember. THE DEATH OF A PUGILIST.- We extract the following graphic, and in its way, a powerful sketch, from Bell's Life in London. The brief view it affords of the life and death of the poor wretch, who is the sub- ject of it, will be more operative than a thousand sermons. Ned Stockman, well known as the "Lively Kid," cut his stick, [i.e. died at his fathers house, on Saturday night week.] He had been ill for some months, and attributed his indisposition to a blow re- ceived in sparring, at Birmingham. -- He was in the hospital till Thursday, when, finding his end approach- ing, he dressed himself, and was found walking crawl- ing off, with an intimation to the nurses, that "he warn'te going to stop to be 'washed out' by them," meaning that the last offices to his body should be per- formed at home. His brother Jem soon after came to see him, and took him to his father's domicile in a cab. On Friday he grew gradually worse, having been already reduced nearly to a skeleton. On Saturday Dick Curtis, the only one of his pals, who had paid him a visit during his illness, came to see him, propped him up in his bed, and, by allusion to former scenes, in which they were engaged, so far amused his mind, that he became "himself again," and was in high spi- rits. At last, Dick Curtis took his departure, and no sooner had he gone, then poor Ned relapsed into a state of melancholy, and, turning to his brother, asked him whether he thought he should live until to morrow? Jem encouraged him with an assurance that he was "all right." After a short intercourse, the dying gladiator jumped from his bed with a sort of expiring energy, and hitting out with his left at his brother's forehead, caught him with his right round the neck, and exclaimed, " he's coming, Jem, it is all up!" Jem again assured him he was able "to stand another round," but his forebodings were too true -- Casting round his eyes with a frantic glare at his in- visible and invincible antagonist, he threw out his left, as If stopping a coming blow, again shouting, d----n his eyes, he's coming! fell back on his bed, and, with two gentle aspirations, gave up the ghost. Standard. 