BIGOTRY & RELIGIOUS ARROGANCE. Mr. McKaeg, a gentleman who arrived in the Colony as the steward of a ship, having satisfied a number of persons in Sydney of devotional habits, that he had been ordained at home by the Dissenting Members of the Baptist persuasion, pro- cured their attendance on his Ministry, first at Sandwell's long room and finally at Hart's long room, where his congregation now begins to be pretty numerous. Mr. McKaeg is a man of ardent feelings and considerable imagination, and what he is deficient in judgment, he makes up by declamatory and fervent appeals to the passions and the imagination ; which of all other modes of popular oratory is the most taking, especially when the Orator insinuates, that the Almighty himself ap- proves what he says. Mr.McKaeg, however, is not content with preaching his own views of divine truth, but he deals in ill-natured attacks on other Christians. But he passes over all "the damnable heresies" (to use a fa- vourite word with controversalists, who in general are as unlike Christ in meek- ness as men well can be) of all sorts of Protestant Christians, whether Jumpers, Tremblers, Fifth-monarchy men, or the other one hundred and one, hair-splitting divisions, into which they have been divi- ded by intolerant and conceited preachers and writers for the last three hundred years; and aims all his shafts at our brother Colo- nists who belong to the Church of Rome; for whom we ourselves feel peculiar sym- pathy, on account of the great perse- cutions they suffered from those men, who in God's name, robbed the poor of England of the tythes and the Church lands, and of the Abbeys and Hospitals, by which the poor formerly used to be bountifully fed, without the aid of the degrading poor rates. We were very sorry to hear this piece of clerical imprudence on the part of Mr. McKaeg, but we had hoped as he got his Church better filled, he would adopt a more christian mode of inculcating the gospel of him, who, when his disciples forbade a certain man from preaching and working miracles in Jerusalem, disap- proved of their having interfered with him. But during the Lent and the holidays of Good Friday and Easter Sunday, we have heard of an animosity shewing itself among the lower orders of Christians in Sydney on the subject of religion, which if conti- nued to be fomented by such heady frothy men as Mr. McKaeg, will bring back 'the intolerant days of old. The Rev. Mr. Therry, to meet the attacks of Mr. McKaeg, has found it necessary to expose at the altar, the Dissenters to whom Mr. Mc'Kaeg belongs, and, being a regular Priest of the most ancient Church in the world, Mr. Therry naturally thinks he has a right to speak and denounce as "one having authority, and not as the Scribes;" that is, not like such interlopers into the Church as he conceives the Reverend Mr. McKaeg to be, whom nobody knows any thing of, and whose credentials depend exclusively on his own testimony as a dissenting Minister. These mutual at- tacks and recriminations of Mr. McKaeg and the Roman Catholic Clergymen, sink deep into the minds of the lower orders, and when the latter get a drop of drink into their heads, they remember these godly exhortations of their respective Pas- tors; and as wounded religious feelings of all others are the most deadly, we expect to hear in addition to the assaults already committed in consequence of Mr. McK's pious attacks on our brethren of the Church of Rome, a murder or two. But pray whiit has Mr. McKaeg to do with Christian flocks not of his fold? He was ranting against the doctrine of purga- tory the other Sunday evening. Pray do any of his hearers believe in this ancient doc- trine of the Church of Rome ? If not, why beat the air ? Why contend with what has no existence among those he talks to ? Are his hearers so well versed in doctrine, and such admirable practisers of justice, kindness, charity, meekness, and all the ramified duties resulting from these weighty matters of the law, that during the brief hour he instructs them, he feels compelled to vilify a doctrine which none of his hearers believe? The want of common sense displayed, in this point by Mr. McKaeg, shews the lat- ter to be as yet but "a very babe in grace," (to use his own scriptural sort of meta- phors), and that he should remember the old Jewish adage before he attempts to heal others, namely, " Physician, heal thyself !" Let Mr. McKaeg understand, that if he persevere in interfering with other peo- ple's religions without provocation, as he has done, he ,will, by undermining the public peace, render himself obnoxious, not to the law, but to what to him will be a great deal worse-the public Press. Of all things, let him beware of the Press. Let Mr. McKaeg act at all events like a man of common sense and of the world, if not like an enlightened meek man of true christian benevolence. There are plenty of sins to be combated with among his hearers without going out of doors for what he arrogantly assumes to be the sins of other flocks, but which they think to be an honest belief of Scripture truth, and which if not Scripture, is only a venial in- firmity of their creed, for which God will punish them less than he will men who judge their neighbour, and who speak idle and provoking words. The following is an extract from the Standard, and which was quoted by a Contemporary the other day. There are few of Mr. McKaeg's congregation that are quite so dark as poor Ned Stockman. But we will be bound Ned was too humble and good na- tured to quarrel with his neighbours be- cause they interpreted Scripture differently from himself, as to what little he might have picked up of the Bible when a lad, and so far, he was a better man than Mr. McKaeg. THE DEATH OF A PUGILIST.-We extract the following graphic, and in its way, pow- erful sketch, from Bell's Life in London. The brief view it affords of the life and death of the poor wretch, who is the subject of it, will be more operative than a thousand sermons. " Ned Stockman, well known as the Lively Kid', cut his stick, [i.e. died as his father's house] on Saturday night week. He had been ill for some months, and attributed his indisposition to a blow received in sparring at Birmingham. He was in the hospital till Thursday, when, finditig his end approaching, he dressed himself, atnd was found crawling off, with an intimation to the nurses, that " he warn'te going to stop to be washed out by them,"' meaning, that the last offices to his body, should be performed at home. His brother Jem soon after came to see him, and took him to his father's domicile in a cab. On Friday, he grew rapidly worse, having been already reduced nearly to a skeleton. On Saturday, Dick Curtis, the only one of his pals who had paid him a visit during his illness, came to see him, propped him up in his bed, and, by allusion to former scenes in which they had engaged, so far amused his mind, that he became "himself again," and was in high spirits. At last Dick Curtis took his departure, and no sooner had he gone, than poor Ned relapsed into a state of melancholy, and, turning to his brother, asked him whether he thought, he should live until tomor- row? Jem encouraged him with an as- surance, that he was "all right." After a short intercourse, the dying gladiator jumped from his bed with a sort of expiring energy, and hitting out with his left at his beother's forehead, caught him with his right round the neck, and exclaimed, " he's coming Jem, it's all up!" Jem again assured him, he was able " to stand another round," but his forebodings were too true.-Casting his eyes round with a frantic glare at his inivisible and at the same time invincible antagonist, he threw out his left, as if stopping a coming blow, again shout- ing d——n his eyes he's coming! fell back on his bed, and with two gentle aspirations, gave up the ghost.-Standard. It is curious to see a rational being, like Ned, living and dying with about as much dignity as a game cock. If God were to give to bull dogs and game cocks a capa- city, to reason on fighting, withholding from them at the same time the capacity to reason about God, and Heaven, and Hell, and piety, and good works, then all the game cocks and bull dogs in the world would be fac-similes in mind, of poor Ned Stockman. But the Fancy have the misfortune to be guilty in the eyes of God and man, of quenching the light God has given them. For this fault, they have to give an account to their Maker. How- ever, he is impartial, and will hear what they may plead as to the ignorance of their parents, their own consequent ignorance, and that they were never taught God's ways, and knew no better. Will our priestly bigots and intolerants, those who set the world by the ears, and have spilt more blood, and imprisoned, and fined, and maimed tens of thousands of men bet- ter than themselves, be able to make a bet- ter defence? It is remarkable how leni- ently Christ dealt with publicans and har- lots during his incarnation. He levelled his bolts against the Priests and the Phari- sees. 