VAN DIEMiEN'S LAND. "THE COLONIST'" 'A NEW HOBART. JOURNAL. WE have to apologise to the friends of freedom in Van Diemen's Land, for not having before noticed their public spirited attempt to print and publish a newspaper, which it is not probable will be bought by.the Authirities there., Mr. Mur ray, of the T'asaanian, did well for a sea son ; but certain circumstances brought him under the dominion of the Authori ties, and he fell. The Colonial Times has lately assumed a better tone, and has equally improved in 'his style; but the' proprietor long ago proclaimed the nature of his principles-- namely, that they were for sale ; and if they were not bought up by the same parties,. it was because the latter did not think it poli'cy to treat openly with so loose and unblushing a dealer in public principle.' The Press, therefore. of Van Diemen's Land; had become a sort of public prostitute. Sometimes she fa-. voured one lover in the authorities, and sometimes the other in the people, as it suited her whim or her interest.. ''o-d:iy, the local Government was her favourite' lover; to-morrow, the people.. The lu'-: ter .had lonet beenu disgusted with her mercenary inconsistency, and roused by. Mr. Bent, the victim of the most insidious. prosecutions and persecutions, thoughi mitigated occasionally -by sundry spurious acts of clemency, a few independent gen-, tlemen have at length set the worthy pa-, triot's new press and types in motion on: behalf of Tasmanion freedom, and com-. menced a newspaper under the populari designation of ''lhe Colonist. We sincerely wish the projectors sue-, ces-'. The effort redounds to their ho-. nour. The enemy perceive the' danger; they are in, and tremble. One of the creatures 'of the local Government,. a sinecurist, has already proffered his ser vices to' the great Lion, and has already, commenced tte office of jackall, by itisti tuting a prosecution of the proprietors, or editor, or publisher of the now Junitis, one or till, for a libel on him; not however: from' mere private motives. We imagine,` that in this prosecution, the authorities of Van Diemen's. land will find, they are only cutting off their nose to be revenged &c.; It is, t.owever, annoying to see men pro secuited by a jury, of specials, which in a close society catinot, if it would, be inde depliendet. But whatever inconvenience the proprietor or publisher of the Colonist may .suffer, this prosecution .will do the new jouriial good. It will shew, how dismayed the worthy and religious autho rities of the sister Colony are at the sight of the ghost -of Bent's= old Gazette once minore presenting itself to their vision in the form of the *C olonist; how terrified -they are at the sight of a journal which at-lust, -is to tell them a litt.'wholesome truth, and to 'present to Downing Street, by every ship that'leaves Hobart, the real staite of things in a Colony which is priest ridden and tax-ridden beyond purellel in the history of Colonies. The Tasinanians are'pressed down by-an incubus of hypo. crisy, religious and political; which, ha'ing groaned under for years, tind still groaning under it, has caused the balance of :trade between Sydney and Hobart. which used to be immensely in favour of the latter; to. become immensely in favour of the former; while the Hobart Government 'Treasury (Colonel Arthur's cunning touch. stone of goad government), absolutely flows over ! But with What? 'why with the money which is produced by those causes which have accomplished this af fecting change. Those causes also make the rate of money- exchange between the two Colonies, 20 per cent in ftavour of S) dney ! A dollar worth 4s. - sterling in Sydney, being taken down to Hobart, be comes worth 5s. sterling ! while the over flowings of the Hobart.Treasury are squan dering in useless and exorbitant salaries, fees, fines--in useless expeditions against ithe Blacks in Mr. Bedford's 'glebes and church repairs, - and in benefactions to 'thel relijious locusts of all sorts, which now -swarm in' T'asmania as thickly as they did in New South Wales a year ago. But let TI'he Coloailst speaklori'this point. ' (Estract romiilTe' Colonist of the. 10thl of . - August.)' -a " We :must shew tllem theienormous pro. portioirof thie frui:s~of our labour, which is takenrt way 'frolntlus in the shape of taxes, .fes, andt fines; and squandered in exorbitant sidarlies,' tii uselras and inefficient Ollicers; or taken out oT the Colony, for the purpose' of adding to, onr burdene in anothler shape, by payinKg for an importation of idle. infirm, helpless veterans, who must 'be supported on our fuude. The Commons of England must be made fully acquainted with thIe evil that msist arise from thie sale of our Crown Landtls, and withdrawingK the proceetds for British Spurposes-the neglect and delay in nmeasuring our Ipnds, anti isanuintg the Grants-the infa. mnous state of our roadls-and misapplication of our convict labour in useless, inpracti caell., or unncesesary works; shecwiag, if po1. sile,- in round numbers, the cost of the Bridgewater works the Bagdad- and Black brush b ridgesm-thel' labouor wanlted at Loretto, Brighton, Nev Norfolk, and the Governmment Gardens. A comparidon should be drawn between the loldginuge provided for unfortunate Dbltore, 'and the bonsts of Colonel Arthur's rhtud ;. the expensces of erectinag a Debtor's Gaol, wvith the cost of .His Excellency's Sta bles. The frigghtful'prospect beforo -.Is ith refercencos to Serabsence of British Silver, amd consequent state .of thie Exchange, which must soonmmputsan.end to-our cnmmelrce. IS _hould be clearly shews, that' lb Publid Officers on the British LEsisbllisment, are gaining from six to ten per cent on the amount of their salaries by the present state of the exchange; so that the sufferings of the Colony are a positive advantage to them. The sale of the Government Fhoua.-mill-the mys terious- robbery of the Treasury-and every similar case which may shew the evils arising fiom the want:of a legally constituted Autho rity on the spot, to watch over the Executive and the interests of the People, ought to be brought forward and fully discussed at thecomn. inug Public Meeting; and, as far as proofs can be obtained, they ought to be forwarded to Parliament in support of our Petition. Every man who can briug forward facts and figures to establish these statements, will be confer. ring a benefit on his country. " The system by which we are ruled differs from, and ,is infinitely wisrse in principle, than any in the world, except in Egypt under the Beys and Mlarmalukes, and a few of the. Turkish Pachalics; because, in every other despotism, whether of Autocrats, Oligarchs, or Aristocracy, the power is exercised by men having some permanent interest in the pros pet ity of the country which. they rule. But public office here, as amongst the Beys, is bestowed upon men who are strangers In the country, and have no permanent ties which bind them to our welfare; like Turkish Pa chas, they hold office until they have amassed a fortune from our resources, when they sell the good-will of their berth, and then walk off to enjoy. it in another. country, as Mr: Hamil tonl and others have done. But such an one is no sooner gone, than his place, as one of our Legislators, is filled by the individual who bought his property I" , [ . . . . . . 