JACQUELINE OF HOLLAND. (From the Court Journal.) ho We have already expressed to Mr. Grat- tan, on accasion of a perusal of his " Heiress of Bruges," our sense of obligation towards him, for introducing to us " fresh fields and pastimes new," in his Belgian Adventures. We have now only to repeat, or to augment, our thanks to this able writer for an entirely original field of action, both local and his- torical ; and for the admirable manner in which he has turned them to account. " Jacqueline of Holland" is one of those authentic romances which combine the best interests of fiction and reality ; its inventions are full of vigorous truth —its records, of romantic association. We could alternately fancy ourselves engaged by the graphic Chronicles of Monstrelet, and by one of those miraculous tales, characteristic of the great master of the historical novel. Mr. Grattan possesses, indeed, all the learning and research of Mr. James, combined with a vivacity of mind, and keen perception of the picturesque, peculiarly his own. Like the old painters of the Flemish scenery, to which he has recently introduced us, the author of " The Heiress" and of " Jacque- line" redeems the level monotony of his picture by its grassy freshness —by the quaint introduction of some mossy stump with its decaying vegetation, —or of some living original, whose slashed jerkin, and cock-tailed feather, conveys us at once into the heart of Brabant. He does not, like certain other authors, allow us to anticipate either his incidents or descriptions ; but al- ways tells us something more than we had a right to expect —or brings forward some extrinsic object, which we instantly admit as an important adjunct to the scene. As a specimen of the graphic manner in which the author tells his story, we lay be- fore our readers the following striking scene, premising that it occurs after a sanguinary battle between the rival parties of Hoeks and Kabblejaws, the latter of whom were the victors, though the former were aided in the fight by a regiment of English soldiers sent to espouse their cause, which was that of Jacqueline against the usurpation of Philip of Burgundy. The slaughter was great, and the English having suffered even more than the other contending parties, one of the survivors, Sefton by name, was left at large, that he might assist in burying the dead on the field. " Sefton passed on in this way over several that were bodies of friends and foes, either unknown to him, or so disfigured by wounds and death, as to be doubtful in the imperfect light. Again he paused, stooped down closely to a new object, and then ex- claimed, 'What! Eh! can it be ? by the rood, it is! Ah, brave Serjeant, thy promotion is cut short! Poor Thorlsby ! dead and gone, and thy blue nose already bleaching white in the north-east breeze! A veteran of judgment and candour ! Well and wisely didst thou speak this morning of the cross-bow, and here has the bullet from an envious arquehuss gone through thy breast ! A double portion of covering shalt thou have, old boy, in honour of thy rank and thy keen knowledge of arms.' " As he struck his spade into the hard earth, a low moan close beside him told him that life was not yet extinct in some body hard by. This was a can- non sound, and he had already heard a hundred si- milar ones, without suffering his attention to be ar- rested. He therefore went on with the imperfect burial of his old friend, but, at every stroke of the spade, a renewed moan and a murmured word of in- vocation came from one among the heap of bodies. " ' How odd this is !' exclaimed he, ' at every stroke on the earth a voice seems to come from it, as though it groaned from pain. Who can it be that this murmurs, like the ghost of the grave?'' " Jock Sefton !' faintly uttered the voice. ' The Lord pardon me!' cried he who was thus apostrophized ; ' the saints pray for me ! the angels be my speed ! Is King Richard's ghost indeed raised up to punish my having called on him?' " His knees knocked together, his teeth chattered, the spade almost dropped from his hand, and he sat down on the nearest heap of carcases, crossing him- self the while. " ' Jesus Maria, save me!' exclaimed he instantly, on being thrown fairly on his face, by a sudden heaving of the heap. ' Holy St. Jude ! is the dead beginning to rise ?' " ' Jock Sefton, Jock Sefton, pull me out of this horrid place —I hear your voice,' murmured a faint sound. " ' Aha! why, there's some reason in that,' said Sefton, reassured, and following the suggestion of his good-nature ; ' now that you talk like a Christian man, be ye who ye may, I'll lend a hand for your re- lief. Where are you !' " No answer followed. .* ' Why don't ye speak, comrade? Hast died outright, in that last struggle, which flung me face to face with with old Serjeant Thorlsby? What's thy name? " Still no answer was given, though groans of every degree of agonized utterance filled the air in various directions. ' ' God preserve me, this is awful work !' ex- claimed Sefton, looking round, and seeing no living thing, but the few dim-looking grave-makers, an occasional horse wildly ranging about, or some straggling crows and ravens, already attracted by the anticipated banquet. " Awful work indeed! how horrid it is to stand intrenched in corpses, and to feel one's feet dab- bling in cold blood! There's no use in staying here longer to-night: my own limbs are stiffening now, and my jaws feel hard-set, as if I were one of the dead. I'll e'en leave this cursed spot, where, one by one, every comrade of mine has fallen. St. Jude ! 'tis a terrible thing to think that all but my- self, of the dozen hale men, serjeant, corporal, and privates, who danced a mad round this morning in the guard-tent, are gone to their last account, un- shrived, and with all their sins like a crammed full canvass knapsack, on their back. Holy Mary, see them safe to Heaven !' " ' Jock Seftonn !' faintly murmured the same voice as before. " . Hey ! again ! Living still, whosoever ye be ? Then, with God's blessing, I'll rescue ye, though I be forced to turn over a hundred carcases. Ah, this must be Corporal Crump's own big head ; suoh another does not wag on any pair of shoulders dead or living. Jesu ! 'tis the head, sure enow, but what a gash across the throat! Ah, there was the blade of a Flemish knife ! Well do I remember, it was even thus with honest Ralph Mugglesford, when he fell on the breach.' " ' Jock, Jock, for mercy's sake pull me out,' said the voice ; and at the same time a convulsive grasp caught hold of Sefton's leg. " . Ah ! the devil, the devil!' cried he, striving to burst away, ' Let me go ! Loosen your hold ! Treachery ! Treachery ! Help, help ! Let me go, or, by the rood, I'll cut thy wrist-sinews across with my spade, be thou Burgundian, Hollander, or Fleming!' " 'Jock, Jock ! Dostn't thou know thy friend, Wat Bassett ! "'What ! is't thou, bully Bassett, that still lives and gripes my ankles so fast I Odd's my life, if I didn't see that overgrown Flemish knight gi' thee such a thwack o' his hatchet as must ha' laid my skull open that warn't made o' granite or iron- wood —' " 'Quickly, good Jack !' " ' And that southron-looking stabber, that fol- lowed at his heels, struck a thrust of his poinard under the nap of thy gabardine, that might have gone through the ribs of an ox. An' thou'rt still alive, au' it isn't thy ghost, good lad, I'll hare thee up and well for little Cicely yet ; so; let go thy grip, Walter, an' keep up thy spirits, sweet heart '.' " In a little more, Basset was fairly extricated from the heap of dead under which he had lain for hours, his life having been so long preserved by one of the miraculous instances of the battle-field. Sef- ton placed him sitting on the earth, and propped lum up with three or (our of his slaughtered com- rades. He then did all in his power to rovive him, chafed his bands, and forced some snow into his open mouth. " ' With Heavenn's mercy, poor lad, thou may'st yet do well,' said the compassionate soldier. ' Cheer thee, cheer thee, Waltear ! Sit up straight man. why dost thou full thus on one side ? Thou hast a bold stomach, and a good courage —so, let thy head rise from thy breast. Holy Mary ! how pale thou art! and what a frightful gash ! Why, it has laid thy head and face open the whole length of the bat- tle-axe blade ! and, eh, what a stream of blood pours from thy side ! Why, Walter ! revive good youth, and speak to your friend, Jock Sefton —odds, my life, and I don't believe he's now dead in earnest ! This burst of sharp air on his lungs, this quick mo- tion from his postrate posture, or God wot what it is —for I'm dull in leech-craft —has out and out killed him in the moment I thought him saved.' " And it was even so. Honest Sefton's pains were all for nought. Poor Bassett's careeer, his ambitious aspirations, his hopes of love, were for ever set at rest. " ' Body o'me, wert thou my own brother, I had not been more shocked !' exclaimed Sefton, looking mournfully in the dead man's face. 'Well, Walter, this much I swear, that if life be spared me, and I get my liberty again from these damned Burgun- dians, and escape from those unlucky swamps, and ever see old England, and noble London city once more, my first visit shall be to Southwark, to the sign of the White Hart. And there, if little Cicely still serves at the bar as of old, in her red kirtle and green boddice, with her sparkling black eye, her loy cheek, and come-kiss-me lips, there will I give her a true account of these woeful doings, —and let me see, what token shall I bring her of the lad that loved her so truly ? His hair's all too clotted with blood, not to set her mad outright with grief —but here hangs the amulet, the herb stuff o( which was gathered by her own pretty fingers. I'faith, there's blood on it too —but it comes from poor Walter's very heart, and that was the same as her own. Lie, there, deceiving bauble of false security, there in my doublet-pouch. It is for thee, little Cicely and I vow to the holy St. Jude, in this awful hour to place it in thy hands, as a pilgrim from the holy land might offer a relic to our lady of grace. Eh, saints of Heaven ! what a gash it was ! That was the true double stroke of fate —for while it split poor Walter's head, much I fear me 'twill break poor Cicely's heart.' " Sefton soliloquied no more, but walked slowly away ia search of some refuge from cold, hunger, and sorrow." ele. 