English Intelligence* Since the time of Oliver Cromwell, when, as it is well known, Saints and Puritan* used to seek the Lord in the House of Commons, there has not beetf so high a Scene «ithin St. Stephen's walls us on the occasion of the introduction of a motion on the 26th January bv Mf. Perceval, for a General Fast. It is thus described in one of the English papers :— On rising, Mr. Perc6v£d enforced the standing order of the House, that strangers should withdraw; because, he said/ he' could «peak with more boldness in the absence of the public, and he might then be able to perisuade the Members, who were all baptised, and At the same time prevent the public from knowing the blasphemies spoken hi answsr to hit* speech. God was present, he continued, and knew all that xvaa said, and ra the name of God the Highest he appealed to the House.- He was almost afiaid to' read the book he then held in his hand,.(the Bihle^ but he would read it—and so he did, chapter by chapter, till he concluded, by saying, *' shall we not then bow down before that God, whose hand is on UR, consider our ways, and go on our knees to supplicate the mercy which is departed and gone from lis, Sir, 1 propose a General Fast. The Minister nrttde no objection, and. a General Fast in £ngiaud was to take place iu February. fl'be introduction of single a letter, and giving a fcaut, to some of our starving countrymen at home, at the expense. of the cormorant* who have been long fattening at the charge of the public, would, we think have been much more in character with the pretensions to Saintship assumed by Mr. Perceval} but in England, as well as in other places we could name, Saints like better lo cive prayers than cash—the former they think profit the soul, and the latter only the body.— ED.] The folio* in» bit oi court scandal from the Satirist of the *29lh .January, in ay amuse many of our readers : —. Our fashionable readers do know, and all our readers ought to know, that His Royal Highness the Dukeof Sussex married some timer since the <v*ido\v of Sir George Buggin, citizen, of London, there appearing to His Royal High-, ness no harm whatever in a fortune of j?4,000 per annum. The said marriage being quite a» legal as Hi» Royal Highness's former one, and certainly quite as legal as that of Mrs. Fitzherbert and the lute King, the Duke naturally required the family courte.sy which was shown in the former instance, and even now daily and nightly extended. Asa proof what are the sentiments of his prett-ttt .Majesty, respecting.the. " widow" of his late Majesty, we need onJy ob-.; ' «erre that Mrs.Fitzherbert in a perpetual visitor of the Court," wears the llpynl liyorjv und ai-; sumes the Royal aruis^ aud. muler th<>.se circumstances we certainly thiuki'th^ Royal Duke would be wanting- in common pride, not to insist upon -an -impartial observance of the family acknowledgment. - - In this spirit the Duke of .Smy^'^jater^ *i3th th«j Queen,'jnnMu the tion of L&djl;^HpjMit, to thd astonishment and mortiiica^HHner illustrious relative, her Majesty -dedinwWnbe -honor! The Duke has naturally made the question - one of public a* 1 well as private animadversion, th^character of Lady Cecilia being as : spotless as that of her Majesty itself; and, the King having siifed with his bfotiuny it needs no ghost to tell the reader to whom the recent -paragraph of " AH Illustrious persbnage being about to return to SaxegpTeimar," refers: • Well, if pAnple give theii||felves unnecessary airs, as if they were the virtuous, people in fiiiglatul, the sooner thef go'*" to • the • piace l'rom whence they qjjitne," thebetter—say we. CHfiifj^ift A .jVlo uBus. — "nature of this Hcourge upon maukii^.- ia thus described bv the surgeon orti;« ©th Lancers, who has been residing at ^nderlaud, to a friend in another part of the country : — "The disna«e is r«-a!ly one of." tb« most formidable i ever saw. Every medical man 1 have conversed with here, many of $>rea.t experience and high character,, admit that that'they had no con-* ception of its »wful character until they had seen it. The disease may be brififly defined to be a total sn^ieusion of the funciious of all the isecreting- iirders-J-the eyes secrete no tears—ijie kidneys, no urine—the liver no bile —the bowels tui loecal matter—and-the stomach no ^tia'ric juice—the cold apparent perspiration is not .secreted from .the blood as in bealih, but resemble more the exudation th,a [ recedes decomp.osilion after di»ath—(he skin on the. hands and feet parliouliiVly siiriv. led—the blood ceases to flow through the external vessels —and carries oil but a very lanqiiid .circulation through the interior ones — the eyes suddenly sink in their orbits, with a.blackened hue aiivtind theni- 1 *- the body assumes a darkish tint, sometimes blue, .becomes clammy and cold, and the tongue and breath also. During this rapid decay, I may almost say death, of all the animal functions, the brain remains untouched, the mental faculties are! perfect, and Professor Majeiidie, of Paris, most appropriately compared the disease, to a soul without the body; and, at anoiher time said, that the disorder began where most others tenniiutud— in death." 