ENGLISH EXTRACTS. TIhu M?lNINO CIIRONICLe's OPINION OF THE NEW MINISTRY AND ITS INTENTIONS We call the attention of our readers to the letter of our correspondent, 0. P. Q.; in this day's Chronicle, on the subject of thi Doctrinaires. If it be intended to throw dust in the eyes of the French, by shamming hostilities against Holland, with a view to gain time, the calling attention to the subject beti.nes must, we should think, prevent the success of the project Our correspondent conceives the Doctrinaires to have a Counter.ltevolu tion in view, and certainly there is some thing very suspicious in the proceedings in La Vendee. If, as is alleged, the Duchess of Berri be in La Vendee, and the disturbances are ciused by her lpre sence, .why is not a suitable reward offered for her apprehension t It will be difficult to persuade the world that the Govern ment mrny. not seize the Duchess wlhen. ever it pleases. Wr'e are assured, from a quarter on wvhich we place much reliance, that the Dutch speculate on the impossi bility of the Doctrinnaires remaining in power; and when a ministry of the m, ment is appointc:', they think that will be the signal tfir a general war. Be this as It may, the letter of our corrcspondent will amply repay perusal. We refer oar readers to the Resolutions of the Commnittee of Mangeement of the Arctic Land Expedition, agreed to at a Meeting held on the 15th instant, publish ed in another part of this day's Paper, for an account, of the holes which may rea sonably_ be entertained of Ca plains Ross and their advcn:urous com panions be ing still in life, and of the means by which they may be rescued from their perilous siu:tation. Captain Back, a gen tleman eminently qualilied for the duty, has agreed to explore the unknown re gions between those points where Sir J. Flranklin and sir E Parry terminated their respective voyages, annd Government have agreed to give 5,000/. towards the ex pence, if the further sum of 3,0001. shall be contributed by Captain Ross's friendls towa ds the'expense. We hiWe no doubt that a liberal British public will not allow this powerful appeal of human ty to be? made to them in t ain. There are well nu:thenticated instances of men dragging out an exislence for years in these cheer less regions; and it would reflect dis grace on the nation, while a chance of rescuing the Captains Ross remained, were the means to. be withheld 'whereby they may be restored to dheir country and their friends.-More. Chron. At a iceeting of the Australian Com patty at their house in Coleman-street, on the P21' h of Octo,ber, on the question that the report be adopted, various questions were put to the Governor and Directors, to wli.lh they replied, that the main profits of the Conmpany would depend on the pro (duce of wool and coal from the port of St. Stephen's, which belongs to the Conapany: eventua:lly much profit was t.xpcctcd. The denmand for coals was ca,ntinually increas-. ing in Sydney; and tile produce of the Coinpanly's nlilae'being very superin'r, an increased demand would arise. The pre sent consumption of co i in Sydney is about 5,0t0 toans, and the Company sold theirs at Ss, per ton. The export of coal to Indi(a as ballast, it was anticipated would prove profitable. The employment of c 'nvicts by the Company would be at tended with the adlvantage of wholly abolishing the quit-rents agreed to be paid by the Comapany to Government, amounting to £2,000.-The Courier. CUArra tiey's CANNINo -T'he astatute, which is seven feet high, and of most perfectly white ntirble, has been placed in an extellent si:uation at the head of the grand stair-case of the Townl-hall, Liverpool. The spectator, on entering, and before he has proceeded entirely across the vestibule, suddenly sees it burst upon hiam in all its beauty and dignity.... ' lihe brator is repres,'nted stantldig erect, and with his armns folded on his breast, hold ing in one hand a .scroll, and with the other supporting the folds of his robe. His manly and graceful figure, from the admir:able disposal of the drapery, is more fully displayed than is usu ,l in s&t;?ues enveloped in the toga. The eo.antetmncee beams with intelligence, and expresses deep thought and deterained resolution, and the upper lip is curled with a smile of dignified scorn. lie appears to have just uttered some bold and manly sentiment, or soine merciless sarcasm, and C, stand in all the pride of intellectual strength and greatness, watclhing its effect on the countenance and minds of his friends and foes. \VWe have seldom seen a finer atti tude, or one more expressive of dignity andt determination. The effect of the.. hrst glance is striking and grand, and the more the sta'ue is examined, the more it will be admired. The head and face al most perfect, especially the broad and intellectual brow,- and the curl of the upper lip.--Liverpool Titens. Astronomers are now enjoying one of the greatest triumphs that has ever fiallen to thle lot of man, in the re appearance of the comiet of Ila'e, agreeably to their cal culations, atfter a lapse of six years and three quarters. It is hardly possible, says a correspondent at Slough, to imagine any thing more striking, than the realpearanuce at tihe exactperiod calculated oa,, of ata all but imperceptuble cloud or wisp of vapour, following the very same laws as those whichl regulate the movements of the. plannets -The Courier. " na. (LoRD) GauEY x.?o RIFOR|, Fofry YalAts stNce.--la one part of Mlr. Grey's speech at Morpeth, hIe observed, that ut termnpts had been made to sulppress his promised motion next sessiol, for ai re" 'fbrm, and that a party .of grntlemen in Newcastle had pIetitioned the King to 5suplpress it-' But," says he, ' thle King dares not attempt it; neithler King, Lordtls, nolr Commlllonlls, nor any lman, nor iany one of men, nor any power upon earth, shall prevent me ataking that motion I feel it a duty I owe to my country, and any constituents, and I will do it, though the axe and tile block be before my eyes." Gale's Sheflield Register, June 20, 1792. A letter of the 2Dth ult. fronm Boulogne, says:--'" On Saturday ltast, M. Martin was to giveat our T'hear re, a representattion of combats between himniself and his lion, lioness, tiger, and other ferocious animtns 'The entertainments had proceeded with satisfaction, anti were about to be closed, by the final contest with the lion. 'I'he den was opened, but the lion, from somei inexplicable cause, sprang forth with a tremendous roar, and seized his master by the arm tnd thigh, whi,:h lie tore severely, and-would unquestionably have devoured him, had lie not, with the most extraor dinary courage and address, caused him self to be rccogttized by thle cnraged animal, which, at his rebdke, becaum. at once tamed, and retired to his cage, as if im pressed with slitue and remorse. The wounds of M. Martin, on being examined, were found not to be dangerou, and will very soon be healed." ,.tLri zJ", SAvrvcs' ]n3s.- There are 3s-4 o these Estblishments in. England ;,,*22 iI Vuales; and, in Ireland, 77'. ' he ind vidual depositors in England are 374,169 in Wales, 10,I374 and in Ireland, 37.898 The English depositors have each, on aft average, 321. in the b'ank ; the Welsh 31,. and the Irish 961. Includinu the.deposits of Friendly and Charitable Societies, ith' whole rum deposited in the Savings' Banks of the United Kingdo'n, is 14,311,G471;; and the total increase from Nov. 21, 1830, to Nov. 21, 1831, was 114,9981. [These, and other inp rtant facts on the subject, are contained in l'ratt's Statisical Table of the Progress of Savings' Banlks.] l):a't?rrIzTIN"- e way a Illill tor being a Tory- inll Ihle iunt's. lie is a poor creatni e wvhoin tle march of evenrs has left behind--a duck-Irgged ti litumner-boy, who cannot k'cp up with Ils regiment. He is a hesitr oi a bIy-gone age, sintgiini an old song-telling a forgotten tale; his mmind is hung wilh cob webs; he is the preterphltperfect tense of iplitics; an extract frotm the lumaber-room, where we hatve thllrown otlur .ghosts, itt ltes. and alche.iJlts.-- 'li's Edinburg?h 1? lg'azie A soq of Lucien Buonap:irte, whio was on his way to Greece on board a u.erchant vessel, i'a~ just peris'ed in a most unfair tunate mlanner. lie appleared to be happy and without the slightest cause for puttin?; an end to his days, and yet was found dead from a pistol sht in the captain's *cabin, where he was left alone. It is not known whether this event was an act of suicide, or the conslequence of an acci dent. The captain had the body put itnto a cask of brandy, and on the arrival of a ship at Nav.rinio, funeral 'honoturs suitable to the rank, antd the name he bore, were rendered to hinu. 