DINNER TO WASHINGTON IRVING. By the kindness of a friend, (says theAthe natum) we have been favored with a file of the New York American, containing an account of a dinner given by the citizens of New York to their distinguished countryman. Nearly 300 persons were present. Mr. Irving, in return ing thanks upon his health being drunk, was often deeply affected. Some passages in his eloquent speech will be read with painful in terest by Englishmen :— ' On my side I see changes, it is (rue, but they are the changes of rapid improvement, and growing prosperity; even the countenances of my old associates and townsmen have ap peared to me but slightly affected by the lapse of years, though, perhaps, it was the glow of ancient friendship and heartfelt wel come beaming from them that prevented me from seeing the ravages of time. ' As to my native city, from the time I ap proached the coast, 1 had indications of its growing greatness. We had scarce descried the land, when a thousand sails of all descrip tions gleaming along the horizon, and all stand ing to or from the point, showed that we were in the neighbourhood of a vast commer cial emporium. As I sailed up our. beautiful bay, with a heart swelling with old re collections, 1 was astonished to see its once wild features brightening with populous villages and noble piles, and a seeming city extending itself over heights which I had left covered with groves and forests But how shall I describe my emotions, when our city rose to sight, sealed in the midst of its watery domain, stretching away to a vast extent; when 1 beheld a glorious sunshine lighting up tho spires and domes, some fami liar to memory, others new and unknown, and beaming upon a forest of masts of every na tion, extending as far as the eye could reach. I have gazed with admiration upon many a fair city and stately harbour, but my admira tion was cold and ineffectual, for I was a stran ger, and had no property in the soil. Here, owever, my heart throbbed with pride and joy as I admired— 1 had a birthright in the brilliant scenes before me — This vf as my own native land 1 It has been asked, 'Can I be contented to live in this country !' Whoever asks that question must have but an inadequate idea of its bless ings and delight. What sacrifice of enjoy ments have I to reconcile myself to ? 1 come from gloomy climates to one of brilliant sun shine ond inspiring purity. 1 come from coun tries lowering with doubt and danger, where the rich man trembles and the poor man frowns — where nil repine at the present and dread the future. I come from them to a country where all is life and animation — where I hear on every side the sound of exultation — where every one speaks of the past with triumph, the present with delight, the future with grow ing and confident anticipation. Is this not a community in which one may rejoice to live! Is this not a city by which one may be proud to be received as a son? Is this not a land in which one may be happy to fix his destiny and ambition, — if possible, to found a name f I am asked bow long 1 mean to remain here. They know but little of my heart or my feel ings who can &sk; this question— as long as I live.' The War in Portugal.— The nature of the present contest in Portugal is totally mis understood by the British public in three fun damental particulars. In the first piare, it is always assumed by the revolutionary press that Don Miguel is an usurper, and that the title of Donua Maria, as the daughter of the elder brother, is indisputable. But this the Portuguese lawyers, proceeding on the consti tution of their country, and the precedents of their history, deny. They assert that, by the law of Portugal, when a Portuguese King ac cepts a foreign crown, his right to the throne of Portugal ceases by the very fact of that ac ceptance ; that the father of Donna Maria, had accepted the crown of Brazil before her birth ; that he could not communicate inhe ritable blood to the crown of Portugal to his daughter any more than the Pretender could convey a right to the English crown after the revolution of 1688; and, therefore, that the legal succession opened to Don Miguel as the next heir, whose birth was prior to the for feiture of the crown for the elder branch by that circumstance. As we are not Portuguese lawyers, we cannot determine whether this opinion is well or ill founded. It is enough to say, that it is the opinion of the Portuguese bar, and that their law being a matter of fact to us, must be judged of by their opinion. In the next place, whether Don Miguel is the legitimate King of the Portuguese or not, one thing is perfectly clear, that he is the King of their choice ; and this title it is difficult to see how the English King, whose title stands on the revolution of 1688, which excluded the elder branch of the Stuarts, or the French monarch, who stands on the revolution of the barricades, which excluded the elder branch of the house of Bourbon, can with any con sistency refute to acknowledge. Don Miguel has been now for five years in possession of the crown of Portugal, and during all that time there has been no sort of attempt on the part of the Portuguese to displace his authority ; on the contrary, they stood by him when put to the ban of all Europe ; they remained firm during the great convulsion of 1830, which overturned so many thrones in Europe ; and they are still perfectly faithful to him, though Don Pedro, with a gallant band of foreign ad venturers, has been for six weeks in possession of Oporto, under the open and avowed coun tenance both of France and England. The at tachment of the people and the army, there fore, to their present ruler, has been effectu ally put to the test; and we should be glad to know on what principle of international law the right of choosing their own Sovereign, and expelling an obnoxious though elder branch of their dynasty, belongs to France, England, or Belgium, and not to the Portu guese people.— Black-wood's Magazine. Corn Law Rhymes.— Strange as it may seem, it is nevertheless true, that here we have once more got sight of a Book calling it self Poetry, yet which actually is a Kind of Book, and no empty pasteboard Case, and simulacrum or - ghost-defunct' of e Book, such as is too often palmed on the world, and hand ed over Booksellers' counters, with a demand of real money for it. as if it too were a reality. The speaker here is of that singular class, who have something to say ; whereby, though delivering himself in verse, and in these days, he docs not deliver himself wholly in jargon, but articulately, and with a cer tain degree of meaning, that has beeu be lieved, and therefore is again believable. To some the wonder and iulerest will be heightened by another circumstance: that the speaker in question is not school-learned, or even furnished with pecuniary capital ; is, in deed, a quite unmonied, russet-coated speaker; nothing or little other than a Sheffield worker iu brass and iron, who describes himself as 'one of the lower, little removed abov* tti* lowest class.' Be lie of what class he may, the man is provided, as we can perceive, with a rational god- created soul ; which loo has fash ioned itself into some clearness, some self subsistence, and can actually see and know with its own organs ; and in rugged substan tial English, nay, with tones of poetic melody, utter forth what it has seen. Mournful enough, that a white European man must pray wistfully for what the horse he drives is sure of,— that the strain of his whole faculties may not fail tn earn him food and lodging. Mournful that a gallant manly spirit, with an eye to discern the world, a heart to reverence it, a hand cunning and willing to labor in it, must be haunted with such a fear. The grim end of it all, Beggary ! A soul loathing, what true souls ever loathe, Dependence, help from the unworthy to help ; yet sucked into the world- whirlpool,— able to do no other : the highest in man's heart strug gling vainly against the lowest in man's des tiny. In good (ruth if many a sickly and sulky liyron, or Byroulet, glooming over the woes of existence, and how unworthy God's Universe is to have so distinguished a resident, could transport himself into the patched coat and sooty apron of a Sheffield Blacksmith, nmdi! with as strange faculties and feelings as he, made by God Almighty all one as he was, —it would throw a light on much for him. Meanwhile, is it not frightful as well as mournful to consider how the wide spread, evil is spreading wider and wider f Most per sons, who hate had eyes to look with, may have verified, in their own circle, thp state ment of this Sheffield eye-witness, and 'from their own knowledge and observation fear lessly declare that the little master manufactu rer,' that the working man generally, ie in a much worse condition than he was in ' twenty five years ago.' Unhappily, the fact is too plain ; the reason and scientific necessity of it is too plain. In this state of things, every new man is a new misfortune; every new market a new complexity ; the chapter of chances grows ever more incalculable; the hungry gamesters (whose stake is their life) are ever increasing in numbers; the world movement rolls on : by what method shall the weak and help-needing, who has none to help him, withstand it? Alas, how many brave hearts, ground to pieces in that unequal bat tle, have already sunk; in every sinking heart, a tragedy, less famous than that of the Sons of AtreuB; wherein, however, if no 'kingly house,' yet a manly house, went to the dust, and a whole manly ' lineage was swept away.' Must it glow worse and worse, till the last brave heart is broken in England ; and this same ' brave peasantry' has become a kennel of wild-howling ravenous paupers? God be thanked ! There is some feeble shadow of hopes that the change may have begun while it was yet time. You may lift the pres sure from the free man's shoulders, and bid him go forth rejoicing ; but lift the slave's burden, he will only wallow the more com posedly in his sloth ; a nation of degraded men cannot be raised up, except by what we rightly name a miracle — Edinbuugh Review, No. 110. 