The Schoolmaster in Fault.—Sch'o manten have been morn than usually vicious of late, and thai was rieedlees. The newspapers in. iheir police and "a«sisef reptiTts of llie last quartcr show that lliu iniijuity of this class is' varying inversely wiih 'tljij revenue. The ear pullers, hair extractors, add cane-drive'rs,-the tine while slave-doaleis, have got nitirh before the public, nbt tor toitaring, and rat-king their scholars (all that is in their vocation,) but for seduction, forgery, frond, bigamy, and ibe like lillle deviaii(iiis/iom tlie pidinary and sanctified round ul' iognerj'. Breaking cane over the heads of incenuons youth, 'starving their pupils ineirally and bodily, craoinjing stick-jaw. pudding down ihrir titr- at'% aud feeding tender age on tough beef, and teaching the young idea bow lo bolt law flesh and fat, h|I this is the regular way of gaining ail honest liv.eliliord :, as is the chaiging of extras, horiible sound to parental ear l rybbiug. the lads' wardrobes.of* clothes, fa'brica -tihg daughters' chemises out of boys'shirts, and ahove all, aiid worse tliau all,.turning them out, at the age of sixteen or seventeen, perfect, sa. led, vajes in every acquirement of civilization : with short slecves^and long red liandj, cropped hair aiid slinking shoulders, a wincing look, as if every mpmeut expectinc the descent of the rane, a thorough Oiick bead, a tough hide, an insensible heart, aud all set off by manners which oscillate between those of a sbve anjl a savage. And as for learning, the wheelwright's appretirice, or Ihe ppt-biiy of k public-house, is a -prince to the moy de rn boarding school boy. He-is deep ill nast.i practices, and an adept at marbles, aiid great at g strep—that is to say, iu (lie exchange ot'aehillin knife for a half-crown whatch-chaiii, and slmilalow villainy. But as for learning, take a specimen; it is from a Wcik of fiction, but as true as Gospel. • • - " ' What have you. Iearut ?' says the father) ' What do you know r' "'. Not much sir !' " ' What do you know in Latin ?'• Latin,, sir? I don't know Latin fir !'• " • Not Latin, you idiot! ,Tby, I thought they, taught'nothing but Latin?' . " "'Yes sir cypherine.' " .'Well bow' far did joji proceed in arith.- flelicf .;•- ,•.• .-' .-' • ' "'No sir! they taught me cyphering and writing.'' ' . . ' " ' My father looked grave. Can you work the rale of three, you douce?' "'Itule of three sir?' - "•Doyou know suh'raction? Come you blockhead, answer me!,Can you tell liie, if five arc taken from fifteen, how many remain ' Five and. fifteen, sir; are,-^conming on my fingers, but miesingmy lliumb, 'are—are nineteen sir ' ' «" Wbat'.yoil incorrigible fool ! Can you repeat your multiplication table?' . "' What table sir ?c " Then turning lo my mother, he said, Your son is a downnright idiot, madam—perhaps •knows not his own naine~Write your name, von do.nt' • ;- _ Write sir! I can't vrrilc wi(h (hat pen, sir: it is not lily pen.' . "' Then spell jonr name you jgnorant savage 1" ""' Spell, sir; 'I waalso rooTouorled' that I misplaced the ypwi-ls.. Heirose ip.w.ra'th, overturned the table, and. bruised his shins in attempting lo kick me,-as I dodged him, and rushed out of Ihe room."rr'/'A c Younger. Son,p. 28. ! -This isfronione of the' cleverest books- of tlie day. In this scene the parent isgreatly to blame; is ; to 'blame, for has he not.been himself a isclniol- bny, srupififd, -ontraped, vjiiated—and .was npt liision-in itie satue course ? i Schooling isj in point.nf fact, conducted npnn jlh" old principle of breaking', jn.borses: sclioolmaiteis.are rijugli jidets, who retjiin al.l the ancjient enormities of a bad system. They seize a . 'timid and tender colt, they ihrnst a rude iron bit into 4ts .mouth with a bulb in the centre as large aytlie fist ; with l eitis.atlach'-il to it as slroii(^ en a cable—lajing hold .of this, and fattening <llie claivs intp the creoturf's -inane, a «!oul actite eavage^ *»ith mnsoles like thongs of leathersprings upon the creature's bark, aimed with wlialiboni-wliip iu his hand, and steel spuis at h'E heels. The demon once astride, commences Ihe system <if Inrtnri—ajitly palled liurse- breaking—Vvhichisin fact heart-breaking. Tlie Singers first of fell play llife iron in thctender jaws,iheu Hie ralves of ilic legs begin-to qvork on llie belly and sides with a devilish .tfpaciiy of embrace^ ihe creature is ai'mbionnded; he cha mps and lifts liis legs,and beglhsto switcli histail in igooraiice and despair,—All; vice vice! criesliie breaker, away go Whip on the neck, andfpute ill the flank —and away goes the colt with a spring. Good, good, cries the breaker, 1 ;iiad yon \her,e—you will-not 'do that ae'ain. Tlic nnhappy cr'catiire, trembling in ev'eiy intisrl«, and foaming at every Mep, feelingtliedemon grasp telexed, ibe rpwels witlidiawn, and the whip playing in the nhadow, ,dei-n;s tlie visitation wilhd.avui, ' and stops Ho! ho! flies the breaker, and again lie hauls liis Iwo-pound curb; and away go whalebone and i steel—it is vicejtgaiii, and oo nil—until the wretched .animal is indeed' broken—that is.tp say, wn lias the, 'submission' and ifinidily' of ji'slave —kprhigs at every tliadow, and thus ylrlds its will While all is qniet, till in some ihnihMirof Harm the passion of fear seizes its whole tfaenl-.- Ijes, the ghost of the demon-breaker rises Ip. tlie Imagination; - . and. plunging, kicking, arid —- "boiling, „ .....6,. • , criatuee rushes to destrneiioh, insolving in iisowii dtaib that of sr,me - unhappy person Sitting behind it, or upon it. Tbisia called •aking fright it is the result of bad education i j—horses .and st-ho'olhoys suffer fioiii It equally : if « e hear of vie;-, Whether In men or horses, if we hear of wild escapades, of sudden abandonments of -principle, and the sudden breaking down of every honesl hope, and Hie violent breaking away froui every honourable restraiut, besnre' the schoolmaster was in faiilt. .: Now we have been rather harsh on sclionl"- mastera, because.ns a body we tbink they deserve -'t- There are hundreds of meek di-serviiig men who purstie the most important of callings with at least a mild spirit, lite sysUm of teaching is so had, that we cannot fay that even r'liey do much good.. Tliihsjstem lliey cam.ol change— they dare not: lliey live; sucli of ihem as are of Ihe timid, industronj, hoping class, in a horrid fear of capricious patents, epidemic or infections fevers, anil Iniicliers' hills. The evil is not in the individual, but in the system. First.ofall, parents are so little, aware of the impoj tanco ol" education, that they will hardly pay anything for it> Tliev make' n bargain willi a.'man fori a boy's b iard af (he lowest pnssjbte piriee for which a hoy can be kept—education is expec-, led to be thrown in as a make-weight; apdieveii the man'stiine is not paid for, nnless he can shove Into their hiils a .fraudulent amouiit of extras, or" eontriv.e. to foist upon (lie lad aheap of unnecessary book's,' rji whicli Ihe publisher—a . fellow cnu's'piritbr^allo'WS him sonic 35. Or 00 per;cent. The poor wretch, thus struggling fur existence,' takes as tnatiy young dupes as he can get: ifbe .has above, forty or fiflv, decency requires an usher, and.' be goes, fui th fpr a victim iii that shape. ' But they who haye ever looked into the education of liumati beings, know well that, according.,to tlie old system of 'education/ no one Ql- man can givo due attention to moie than some twelve 9r fifteen boys, and scarcely tli'at." With forty or 'fifij'boj's under him,'nothing is learnt, and the mailer, disgusted- witfi the ignorance of bis. pupils, apd dissatisfied with his own situation, if lie bas a bail temper, or a temper that maybe made bad, plirs.Ihe cane, and grows excited by revenging his hard fate on the schoolboy's' ears. B.ut this isontlie supposition that llie schoolmaster is qualified for ins-ruction generally speaking be is not* He is a reduced man:-—so far from being bred io the saercd office of l utor, he is usoallya broken doivn person, unqtulified sncceed.in ar.y otljer walk of Ijfc. There are two glanil businesses into which the bankrupt retreats —rtta'e one is'thatofeoal merchant, and tlie other schoolmaster—neither reqiiire capital. No person ought lo be permitted to set np as. schoolmaster unless, after lie lias been examined, he is found qualified for the arduous office of tuition ; -and for that branch, viz. boarding, which requires capital, judicious parents onglit. to p«> vide by subscription among themselves against llie want of it. Educatiou is too serious a thing to be misled to chanee. Every class ir. each great neighbourhood ought to have its own estab-. lisbment for education—a house, a steward, serlants,—aed s master aud (mors of bisown appoiutment. The details of beef and porridgebeds and house-rent should be wholly sept-rate from the graitid business of training tiic mind arid morals of youth. Exempt from all -the low details of life, the properly- qualified schoolmaster would -lise up a superior being, aud lalce bis place with the other arbiters of the destinies of r nations,—the preacher, tlie legislator, the poet, and the oiator,—New Monthly Mogtrinc. ? ? 