THE 26th OF JANUARY. — A public meeting, we are happy to find, is, at last, in sober earnest, fixed to take place on this day ; and a fitter time for the destined purpose —that of Petitioning the British Legislature for a great constitutional Right, the right of every free Colonist to be subject only to such laws, and to contribute only so much in the way of taxation towards defraying the public expenses of Government, as may meet the approbation of a majority of Members of a House of Assembly or local House of Commons to all intents and purposes, delegated by and from amongst the Colonists themselves, —could scarcely have been selected, than the 45th anniversary of the Colony's foundation. And what can be more fair and reasonable than this? Yet such are the topics to be discussed at the intended meeting and such the objects sought to be obtained by a Petition, the third (we think) got up since within double as many years ? Oh neither head, does any any reflecting dispassionate Colonist, now, we believe, pretend to entertain a second moment's thought. The respectable array of name (72) to the Sheriff's requisition as elsewhere, is, at the least, no proof to the contrary of this; nor would the suffrages of ten thousand red-hot Tories, on the other hand, ever convince us, that a community such as this, numbering the free adult population, and paying to the Crown the large Revenue which it does, annually, can be unfit to manage its own internal economy ; or be governed to any public advantage by other means that through the instrumentality of men chosen for their local knowledge property and probity to represent the interests of a people who know their own too well to mistake their men, and who have too many clear headed, sharp witted, sound practised political economists at command, to leave any room for apprehension that the senatorial gown may go a begging. Let it still be the prerogative of the Crown to defend the Colony without, and to appoint to offices within in ; but let no local laws be framed but by a local legislature popularly elected : and by that let supplied of money be voted or withheld. Can any thing be more reasonable than this fair and candid proposition ? Yet this is all for which we purpose to petition ! Can any system be more odious or lead to greater abuses than that under the licence of which a handful of men, deputed by Ministers of the Crown, and deliberating in close conclave, may first vote away such sums out of other people's pockets as they choose, and next saddle the same people with laws of their own making ! Yet it is only to be relieved either from the probably or the actual pressure of such a galling system, that we petition ! And here we have the meaning of a House of Assembly wound into a perfect nut-shell. It needs no painted flourish of bought praise to set off its attractions to the best advantage. They are simplicity order economy, in two words—comparative excellence : objects which every Co'onist who has heart enough to extend his ideas beyond the narrow sphere of sordid grovelling SELF, is bound by all the ties of rational good principle to strain every nerve, with unflinching honesty to promote. Civilised Men were not made to live for themselves alone. They owe a duty to society. They also owe one to their off- spring— a duty which to be candid the free population of this Colony have never yet discharged ! The ties of nature may be stronger certainly than those which ordinarily bind Mankind to Society, but how can the social obligation & paternal duty be discharged in a better manner than pursuing the very means to dovetail both in that peculiar piece of mechanism—a local House of Assembly ? To run over the very respectable list of names appended to the requisition addressed to the Sheriff with this view, is somewhat gratifying, if it went no further than shewing the enemy, that 'public spirit is (NOT) quite extinct in New South Wales; and peculiarly so to us, as it clearly demonstrates that our humble but unceasing efforts to fan the smouldering embers into a cheerful blaze, at a time when other members of the now crouching Press had scarcely a breath to spare from singing the praises of authority and moneyed-men, on a business so very essential to the public ... but yet so very unpalatable to certain great folks, & very thankless, and unprofitable into the bargain, —have not been altogether unavailing. So far then, so well, for a beginning. But the best of the work remains to be done... Petition to be proposed is in good hands. We desire no better... committee of 1831. We want neither swaggering on the one hand, nor timidity on the other ; but a plain unvarnished take of FACTS ; a manly, straightforward ... appeal to the King and thinking ... of the House of Commons ; explaining how Ministers are prone to regard the subject and with respectful firmness protesting against the longer conversion of the Colony into a ministerial stalking horse ; for there is the grand secret—no Secretary for the Colonies would like to part with.. which the exercise of an unlimited patronage must necessarily confer on... "but the Colonies provide means for keeping up that influence ; therefore no Colony ought to have a Legislature of its own : for the first object of such a make-shift... to curtail all snug pickings for our friends, and shortly leave us without the gift of a stray person or odd sinecure at all!" This may sound harsh to courtly ears, &... to the uninitiated, but yet it is true ministerial English, well understood by my Lord Bathurst, and not unknown to many a right honorable Secretary before & since. The noble Lords and gallant General often should chop logic in this way, is perhaps natural enough; but that we should but see & say nothing to such stuff is... to think. It may be very fine for the right honorable persons to play like the Bulls in the fable, — "but know Gentlemen (we say with the Frogs), what's ... you, may be DEATH to us!" The question is or ought to be no longer a party one, but one in which the weal of all is vitally wound up. Let us then be unanimous for once in a way. Let the 26th of January be marked with a white stone in the calends of the infant Commonwealth. Let us lay aside all idle distinctions as to class or politics in the prosecution of a patriotic object. Let us meet together numerously in the Court House, and crack a cheerful bottle at the festive board. And at the needful... for giving to the Petition due effect, let each individual cast his mite into the common stock. Let not our patriotism consist of TALK, only—vox et praterea nihil. We never knew great talkers DO much. The Mary (barque) arrived with prison- ers, (males) on Sunday last, brings to date of our British Intelligence down to the 28th of August ; but no news of any great importance. On the 14th of Aug., the King entered the house of Lords, in regal state, and having received the Speaker and Members of the bar, and assented to several bills... a set speech from the throne, after which the Lord Chancellor announced the propogation of Parliament to the 16th of October. His Majesty wore an Admiral's uniform under the royal robes, and seemed in tolerable health. His reception in public, is said to have been remarkably cool, owing to the very unfavorable impression produced by certain Hanoverian edicts against freedom of the Press in Germany. England was comparatively tranquil, not withstanding a general stagnation in business of all sorts. Wales and Scotland were plodding on about as usual. Ireland... with tithes, absenteeism, &c;, seem to be growing more and more dissatisfied (if possible) and poorer every day she grows; though the English newspaper pictures distress in general no doubt are highly coloured : it being pretty well ascertained that Pat will live and fatten on such... fare as would make John Bull... himself starved outright! "The Agitate as Mr O'Connel is designated in the London Prints, seems to carry on the war vigorously. The day of a repeal of "the (miscalled) UNION can not be very far distant. These words of the inimitable... Moore, begin to be quoted as applicable to Mr O'Connel : Dear Harp of my country, in silence I found... The dark chain of slavery hung o'er thee... When proudly my own Island-harp I unbound... And gave all thy notes to mirth, freedom, &... Collins, the ex-Greenwich Pensioner who threw stones at the King some... ago at Ascot races, has been sentenced to be hanged, drawn, and quartered in true fuedal fashion ; but was likely to have his life spared. Nearly every State of Continental Europe seems fraught with the elemental combustion, which cannot struggle... without finding a vent somehow, by internal convulsions, or foreign wars—perhaps both! "Then happy low lie down— Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown. LORD COCHRANE.—The earl of... donald having accomplished his object of... restored to his naval rank, it is now rumoured he seeks to obtain his place in the Order of Bath, of which he has ceased to be a member 1814, when a chapter of the order was held purpose of expelling him. The King has created two Peers, Mr. Dundas and Lord Francis Osborne. The elevation of the former will create a vacancy tor Berkshire. The King also requested that Dr. Grey, the new Bishop of Hereford, may return the rich living of Bishopsgate, which Lord Grey declines.— Globe. Lord Falkland also is to be raised to the peerage of the United Kingdom. The new entrance into the Green Park, through the splendid archway erected a few years ago, commands a fine view of the garden front of Buckingham Place, as well as the extensive plantations behind it. The guard-house at Buckingham Gate is to be taken down immediately, to make room for the erection of offices for servants. The New York papers announce an intended meeting of the young ladies of that city, for the purpose of devising some plan to improve the morals and habits of the young gentlemen. The object on the part of the ladies is said to be, "not to keep company with any young gentlemen who is in habit of tippling, visiting taverns, theatres, oyster cellars, &c;, whereby he disgraces himself and family, and lays the foundation of his future ruin."—Spectator. In the metropolis, the disease presents no feature worthy of noting. The number remaining yesterday was 23 ; in country, 155. In Ireland, epidemic is assuming a milder aspect as the season advances. In Paris also it continues steadily decreasing. There was a report to some of the daily journals, of its having reached St. Omer where it was said, 12 cases and 8 deaths had occur- red. BENTHAM.—The first writings Mr. Bantham committed to the press, were letters in a newspaper, on the affairs of Europe, somewhere about the close of the American war, which had the singular distinction of being answered by George III. The King published his letter in a Hagne journal ; it was replied to by Mr. Bentham and most unmercifully dissected. The King learned who the writer was, and never forgot him. Mr. Bentham's bill, for the establishment of a Panopticon prison for the reform of criminals had passed the two Houses of Parliament, and the King had the pen in his hand to sign it, when asked Lord Shelburne who it was that was undertaking this scheme. The answer was, 'Mr. Bentham, of Lincoln's-inn.' 'Bentham' said the King and put down the pen. The bill never received the royal assent. This story Mr. Bentham had from the lips of Lord Shelburne himself.— New Monthly. The Senate of the United States have refused to ratify the President's nomination of Mr. Van Buren as Minister to England. His acts are in the meanwhile quite as binding as if the Senate had approved the President's choice. Vera Cruz journals of the 4th January mention a military revolutionary movement that has taken place in that city. General Santa Anna has been invited to place himself at the head of the garrison. The general ground assigned, is the hostility of the existing administration to public liberty. The Central Convention of Colombia, by a decree formally recognises the independence of New Granada. Mr. Walls, the British Coueul at Bogota, has been formally expe'led from the territory for having taken part against the reaction of the people of Magdaleua. IRISH TITHES. — The subject of Irish tithes is as entertaining as the squabbles about the whole Bible for the Irish schools are wearisome and unprofitable. The reason why the Catholics were excluded so long and so pertiniciously was, that it was thought the concession would only be a prelude to the tithe question— and that so long as the claims were not conceded, the tithe question would remain untouched. The Aristocracy of England care nothing about the grounds on which the claims to civil rights were withheld, but they are trembling alive to tithes. The Church, the Colonies, the Army and Navy are the patrimony of the younger brothers, and the means by which enormous estates are continued in the same families for many generations. All that law can do to establish religion has been attempted in Ireland. The law can give tithes, and impose church-rates, but the law which can give the tithe to a clergy cannot give the flocks. On that rock the Protestant Church of Ireland has split. In these days it requires no little assurance to pretend that a clergy of one faith should be continued and richly paid for by a people of another faith. The most insolent aristocrat must feel that there are bounds to the outraging the common sense of mankind. The other nations of Europe are astonished that there should be found any person so lost to decency as to stand up for such an abuse. The time surely is past for this foolery. The property of the Church is public property. There is no use in looking out for black-coated country gentlemen, who enjoy large public estates, so long as the public burdens are pressing so heavily on us, and the poor of Ireland are suffering from destitution, and spreading over the land the diseased which are engendered by famine. - Morning Chronicle. CHURCH REFORM. — The present situation of affairs, both in Church and State, but too strongly confirms the truth of the remark, that all Reforms begin loo late. We are far from wishing to see the clergy of our own or of any other community robbed or degraded but if we are asked what it was, next to its idolary and superstition which overturned the Roman Catholic Church, we should say, its corruption ; and that if the Protestant Establishment Church should be doomed, in its turn, to destruction, it will be entirely owing to the greediness with which a parson of its priesthood cling to exorbitant and unequal revenues in preference to the performance of duties. - Morning Herald. It is much to be desired, eiher that a licence from the Customs should be tantamount, as regards colonial built vessels, to a British registry ; or that all doubt on the subject should be set at rest. There is a schooner (the New Zealander) now under seizure for not having a register, presently the Sir George Murray or some other vessel of the kind may share a like fate, & where will the mischief stop ? Let us have some definite certainty, one way or another. Since the publication of our preceding No., we have to acknowledge the receipt of copious files of "the Bengal Hurkara," & "India Gazette," to Sept. 17th, from which we glean the following particulars : We hear it is intended to order a survey of the river Sutledge immediately after the rains in furtherance of the objects of the late treaty which opened the navigation of the Indus to British commerce. There has been no direct communication from Lieutenant Burnes and Dr Gerard Lately, that since they left Cabul ; but from other quarters we hear, that, on their arrival at Khulm, they were detained by that ruthless Chief Meer Nurad Beg of Kundaz, the same who intercepted and so much annoyed Moorcroft. His object was to exact contributions from Lieutenant Burnes's party, and he would not release them until their friend Jabbar Khan of Cabul interceded in their favor. We trust the travellers are now safely pursuing their route to Bokhara or beyond it. — Calcutta Courier. On Wednesday evening, the spacious rooms of Colonel Mc'Gregor's house in Chowring- hee were the scene of a brilliant entertainment given to the Vice President by tile Spinsters of Calcutta. The ball was kept up with great spirit till a late hour. — Calcutta Courier. DEHLIE, SEPTEMBER 4, 1832.— It is repeated that the Governor General is to be at Mee- rut on the 1st November, and immediately afterwards to proceed to Dehlie, where his Lordship's camp will be established on or about the 15th Nov. On the 26th and 28th of last month, large dense clouds of yellow locusts again covered the face of the atmosphere, extending in the N. E. and S. W. direction three miles. Guns, tom toms, and every description of noise was obliged to be made to keep them from settling on the crops and garden trees, but in vain. THE GOVERNOR GENERAL AND SUITE.— We learn from a private letter that the arrangements have been fixed for the departure of he Governor General and suite from Simla. They move on the 18th proximo, and go through the Dooab to Agra and Gwallor. His Lordship, Major Benson, the Doctor, and Mr Macnaughten, will march to Lagur, and from thence lay dank to the presidency. The rest will proceed direct to Calcutta. — India Gazette. MADRAS Sep. 9. VESSELS IN THE ROADS —Ship— Hercules, Euphrates, Abberion, Alexander, Royal William, Abgaris ; Brig—High- land Chief, and Frederica. BANGALORE.—We understand Lieutenant General the Hon'ble Sir R. W. O'Callaghan, K. B. C. Commander in chief, was expected to arrive at this station, the early part of the present month, and that great preparations were making for his reception. We have seen a letter from Bangalore which mentions a distressing occurrence, by which Captain E. Pender of H. M. 62d regt. lost his life. The Troops of the Rajah of Mysore, are represented as having made great improvement in their general appearance and military discipline, under the assiduous exertions of Lieutenant Colonel T. H. S. Conway, C. B. The 44th Regiment.—We learn with regret that a disturbance has occured in H. M. 44th regiment. The troops are stated to have been in a very mutinous condition for some time. General Carpenter, commanding the division, at length assembled them on the parade ; when every company presented him a petition.—India Gazette. A marble slab lies in the vestry room of St Mary's Church, Fort St. George, to be placed over the remains of the late Sir Thomas Munro, K. B. C. It is elegantly executed, and is about 6 feet in height, and 2 in breadth. At Catmandoo a few days ago by the order of the Nipal Government, a Musanhnan suffered the most cruel punishment that could be aflicted on a human being, by order of the Government, and allowed to be bled to death or live, as Providence saw fit. The sufferer was a native of Patna or Benares, and had accompanied a set of dancing girls brought up for the amusement of the Rajah. RELIEF OF THE ARMY. — H. M. 3d Regiment or Buffs, from Fort William to Berehampore ; H. M. 49th Regiment, from Berhampore to Fort William ; 1st Regiment Native Infantry from Delhi to Futteh Ghur. We learn by a letter from Benares that at the Muneek kurneeka there is still to be seen a Seeva universally called Eeudradyoommeashewar. In the months of Jyoista and Asharhu, the stream of the Gauges, is exceedingly low ; and untill it rises 32 cubits above that level, the water docs not reach the body of Eendriadyoomneshwar. In the present season, the water gradually rose, untill the Idol was covered with it. A person who is strong and a good swimmer, may easily obtain the benefits arising from the shrine of Eendriadyoomneshwar. One of our Catechists was in March last at the great Idol feast in Trichindoor, where he met, among others with many pupils from Travaneor. He spoke with them about the vanity of Idol worship and about Christianity, when a man in the crowd called upon his boy to tell what he had learned. The Boy repeated a Christian Catechism. The Catechist was surprised, and upon inquiry found that he had learned it in one of the mission schools belonging to Nagerroil. Being pleased with the boy, he wished to make him a present, and asked him what he would have? expecting nothing else, but that he would ask for money, or a cloth. But the boy quickly said, " Gvee me the Gospel of St. Luke. At Diamond Harbour Sep. 15, Thermo- meter 89. I Calcutta Bazars Sep. 17, 1832 — I Meat, (Ghost)— In general yellow :aiid Habby.rH I Beet', improving in quality.— Patna sheep Mutton, I scarce.— Vegetable. (Turkaree^— Turnips, (Sal Igaam) come to the market every morning — Aspara- I pus, (l'aragrass)plentifiil— Voting Radish f.Moolee' I in excellent order ; Biiiijals (Byguu- come to the I market— Cabbage Sprouts, come to the market leveay morning ; Potatoes, ( Belatee Aloo)bot- I Batavta and DC : plentiful ; Sweet' Potatoes I (Securcnnd Aloo) scarce ; Love Apples; ( It vela t; I Uygun)rather scarce ; French Ueans, pientitul' I Pmmkins, (Knddoo) plentiful ; 5weet . Funikiiis (Kuddema) plentiful ; Water Cresset, (Halim 1 procurable every inoVniug ; Greens, (Saug) plen a private tetter irora canton states .that eportswere abroad of an engagement having taken laee between the mountaineer insurgents and the eciriar troops, in which the latter have' been totally lefeated ; 20 Mandaiines are said to have been lain. Great alarm prevails anidngi-t the inhabitant tCnnion, the iusiirrection being near the border.*: it- the province. The mountaineers are reported to lave collectod upwards of l6;000men, including; all ¥£* °Jllld!/5entl-e'pleof the loWlandersi ? ??- -? j We have heard it reported amongst na iv«e, that Hi* Majesty of Slam is about to collect a large uriny in order to subdue the Malayan State*1 [in the East Coast of the Peninsula which have lately revolted. from his authojity. It is expected that Malays will bennable to withstand their over*: wh'ilBBih^ numbers, and that these states including1 Siiigura, Patahi, Calantan, and probably Tiingariu, and '.^.lang) must fall ag-ain under the Siamese' sway * _ _ ' . , . . . Amntii the verseln advertis d for these Colonies in the Ss'ptciittier pa|te«*A avs the following:' the £ leu, Caroline, We*tmor anil, Henry I'orchkr, Mary Ann, Chili, Ench tntrfess, Protector, Priiiee Urgent, &c.; . .-. ; . The Jane, Lotus, Strath. (i.eldsay, Dry ade, Integrity, and C ruline, from \\\Ak port reach ed, England, all safe, during the no tli of Aucu* The Ci'y of Edinburgh islu.l and will be read-|for sea in 10 days, 4 The first detachment of the 21st Scotch Fusileers, have arrived by the Mary. Is if true that hags of Brilitth silver, are exchnng-ed just as they ars taken from the Cpmmis Maria', witlrnierc'hunttsniul yhopkecpers throughout the town, wlio inmuidtatey return them to the name chest from whence they were drawn IbrTrea sury Bills? Such conduct requires no comment Until tie .lew* by which we' are surrounded ar; \--n -♦??«! ? nt oi' society, such tiausaclious will occur.— Colonist, ' 