LORD BYRON. JOCnNAL- OF CONVERSATION5S WITIH LORD lBYRON, lY ThuI COUNTESS OF I LES SBTNGTON. NO 1. (Continued from our last.) About this period the Duke of Leeds and family arrived at Genoa, & passed a day or two there, at the sunic hotel where we were re siding. Shortly after their departure, Byron came to dine with us, and expressed his inor. tificatiin at the Dukc's not having called on him, were it only out of respcet to Mrs. Leigh, who was the half sisterof both. This seemed to annooy him so much, that I endeavoured to point out the inutility of ceremony between pelople who could have no two ideas in corn 1101un, and observed, that tlie g ne of lin ding onesclf with people of totally dliflfrent habits sand f:elinigs, was ill repaid by the respect their civility idlicated. Byron is a person to be excessively iored by the constrtilnt that any change of system would occasion, even for a lday; but yet his amour prnore is wounded by any marks of incivility or want of respect lie meits with. Poor Byroni ! he is stil far from arriving at the lhilosophy that hie itms at, and thinks lie has acquired, whien the absencc or presence of a person who is indifferent to him, whatever his stalion, in life muy be, can occupy his thloughtli for a imoment. I have observedl in Byron n hablit of attach ing Importance to trilles, and vivca erCIS, turn. ing serious events into ridicule; lie is ex trenlely superstitious, an111 seems offended with those whilo cannot, or will not, palrtake this weaknl(ess. lie has frequently touched on this suljcct, and tauntinghly observed to mlte, that I must believe myself wiser than himt, Ieciause I was not stiuperstitious. 1 answered, that the vividness of his ima gii tion, it hich was proved Ih his works, furnished a suflicicul excuse for his superstitioil, which was caused by an over excitelment of that fan'hy V; Ihnlt 1th I /, not elcing blessed by the cnmera lucikda of inlagi nationl, could hare no excuse for the came'ra edbscure, which I loolked on superstitiol to be This did not, however, content hillt, and I am sure he left ,me with a lovcr opinion of mly faculties than before. To deprecate his anger, I observe I, thatd nit i are i as so wise and good, that '.the gave compelnsations to all her off slring; thiat, ts toI him, she had given the britghtest g It, geniu'; so to those whoIem she lhad not so d(istinguiahcd, she gave the less brilliant, but pet lisps all s tuseful gift. of plail and unsophisticated ICrison. This did not satisfy his amour propre, ianid lie left me, evi. delntly dislleused at (Iy want of superstition Byron is, I helieve, silncere in his belief ill supernatural appearances; he itsslines a ;;rave ntl1d mysterilou air when he tilks on the uil jet, which he is fond of doing, and has t1hl u(e some extraordinary stories relative to lti Shelley, who, lihe assnres Inc, had an implicit belief in ghosts '. lIe also told eIC that AMr Shellhy's spectre had apllearedtl ts a idtly, walk ina in a girdent, and hle sccllitel to lay great stress on this. ThtIogh some of the wisest of (nitikitul, as witness ,lohnsoni, shared this weakness in common with 13i'ltn ; still there is sonmethling so uiiusiual in our nlatter-of-.fct dlays in giving way to it, that I was at first Inulbtful that B1yroin was serious in his belief. lie is also sulcistit iotis abllout days, 0n111 oilier trifling tllinigs,--believes il lucky and unlucky ldays.--,lislikes ulndertaking nny thing on a Frid ty, helping or being helped to salt at talle, spillig salt or oil, letting bread fall, and bIreaking mirrors; in short, lie gives way tl a thousand fantastical notiioins, that prove, that even l'e.prit le plus. frt has its weak side. IHtvilg declined riding with Ilyron one day on thie plea of g?oll to(I visit ronic of the (lGenocse palaces alll piictires, it furnished hiin with a sialject of attanh: at lurl nextiiaterview; lie (declared that lih? never believed people seri. Oits in their a thlniration of pictures, statues, &e.; anti that those who expressed tlC1e most dlmniration were " Aimatol i senz, Amore,? inll (Cotioscitori seniz Cogi iniziolne." I repliedl, that as I had never talked to himn of pictures, I hoped lie would girve lie credlit for bcing sincere il lny admirai'tillon of themll but lie wils in no, hlililolur to give onie credlit for aniy thiing an this otccasion, as lie felt, that olur giving a preference to teeilig sights, when we tMright have palssed the hours with hiin, tas notil flat tering to his vanity. I should say, that 13yroii was iot either skilledl in, or an admirer of woirks of iart , lie colfesedl Lito mie, that very few liull excited hlis utlientionll, atiil Ithat to iil nlire these, lie had leetin forcedl to draw on lihis imagitiation. Of ,lobjects of ilste or virtn , lie ((iIs equllly regard lesls , d a uliintliities haul io iitc'erst for him; Ility, lie (iuried this so far, that lie ilisholieveld tihe piosssility of their cx ciitig interest in aily ola, ailll s:iil, ihliLat thi illtrely servmed as 'eCIISIes for inill lgiiig the vility aitld ostelitatioll of those who ha:1t iio other Iinclis of excitilg att tltiill, itusic hli liked, tuliiogh he vits ii1o jiiilge of it ; il lititl'i duiel oil tIhe Itow'cr of scilCilli1i11 ii po.5ess~,(I tiild dctheired, lithat the iiItes of a well-known ilir cotld translport hiiin to (distiltit sCit.s l111nd events. ;iresentihn~ or'ieclts ,:faire him wCit/ a triciunc'ss tlar quite bsnm/Slr'/d the present. lie fumes, lie sai, lri'oltl:Ce;l ImIe asmie te lfect, thoiughi less forcilily, ianl, luhleid te witlh hIis micitking stileih, often iimake mleoI seliti tolntl. Byron is of a very sostlh'icitis niatlire lie drcad3 in posithun mi oil all oiiis, doclirs? that lie forgo-s inimy thtigs , troin the fear of ichmg cheated ii tihe piirchllse, aniid is afraid lto give way to tIle natuiral ilillulses of hiis chluraiclcr, lest lie sliouhl lie dIillCit or mlotk ed Tllis iloes not ihutefecre wilih Ilis cluritice, vlwhichl itue freqlellnt nS lillerall; but he hlis gotl ilito ia Iithit of cnimthuiltg even Ilis mouost trilling persioal Ci pn1CX ei5119, that i(ll Iftll hilh trols, aitd wVould in EitnglnId exilpose hiilit to rihit l?t. lIe iiidiilges in ait self- cnllhlaccliey wheii nilk ing of hiis iiwli defects, hl:t is altnusimn ; anil lie is ritther ftmnd, than rilieltant, of lliiging lheCI inito ollservttilol. 110i says, thait onioiey i, wistdotii, kniowldge, it iinllpii ower, ll coliir. hieitl; andtl thlit this convittioi, is tIhe olily ontie lihits in conlmnli withi all his couintry. mmai. lIe hwvells with great apecrity on an iicqllaitalice to vwhnomi hlie leint solie iimoney, aiid whlo lhas not repaid him. Byroni seeuis to ttike a illcltiari pleastire in tiliculiiig sctiihimintiit inl lmlnllmticiie fcelings; aind yet thc ldaiy alfter will -ltrniy holt, to ani cxteitt that aippars imllpossille to lle sincCert, to Ihose who Itad hIeird Ili hirevious sillclsln Ii that lie is sincere, is evidenit, as hiis eyes fill widh tears, his voice liccome?s trenulous, and his whole inannecr evincis, that lie feels whllat lie says. All tlis illpttr's s ihnconsisteit, that it destroys synpuathy, or if it tldoes inot (luite do thalt, it mimakcs one angry with ,ineself forI giviltg way to it, for oine whoi is never Iwv l tays oif theo samitne w:y of Ihikin? or lat it leat of txpressi?ni? hinself, lIe talks fur effct, lilkes "-" This is very teilimrktable h in mi I)eist,? s liyron wans sapposetl to ti: for thIe only rttiollal griiiimd of a l)eisis 'rcred is, tlihnt Gild never ite?llteil fromi thle I i' of ilnttire. Admiit thalt he e'r diil, tlhen thli cvihetiice of thi iniriclcs of Christ is perfectly ovcrwhlchluirug -En.. to ex'cite astonishment, and certainly destr.ps in the minds of his auditars, all confidence in his 5sabilitl of caracter. This must, I am cer. tain, le felt by all who have-'lived much in his society ; and the impression is not sitis. factory. Talking one day of his domestic misfor. tunes, as he ul vuys called his separation frowm Lduy Byron, he dwelt in a sort of unmanuly :(train of li mentation on it, which all present felt to be unworthy of himn; and us the eveningK before I had heard this habitude of his cotn mented on, by persons indifferent about his feelitifs. who even ridiculed his making it a topic of conversation with miere acquaintances, I wrote a few lines in verse, expressive of my sentiments, and hanidcd it across the table round which we were seated, as he sas sitting fur his portrait. lie read them, became red and pale, by turns, with n.iger, and threw theat down on the table, with an expressiou of eoun tenanee that is inot to lie forgotten. Tlhe followingt are the lines; which had nothing to offend, but they did offend him deeply, and he did not recover his temper during the rest of his stay. And canst thou hare thy branst to vulgar eyes And const thou show the wounds that rankle there Alethought in noble hearts, that sorrow lies Too dep to suffer coarser minds to share ? The wounds inflicted by the hand we love, ('The hand that should have warded off each blow,) Are never hlaled, as aching hearts can prove ; But sacred should the stream of sorrow flow. If f, iendshlip's pity qutells not. real grief, Can public plty soothe thy woas. to sleep ? No! Ilyron, spurn such vani, such weak relief, And if thy tears mut, fall-in secret weep. He never appenred to so little advantage as when lie talked sent?tiient: this didl not strike nme at list ; on the contrary, it excited power ful interest for him ; but when lie had vented his spleen, sareasms, and pointed ridicule oIt sentiment, reducing iall that is noblest in our natures to the'level of commllon every-dy life, the charm was brnk'., and it was impuisible to) sympathise ith him aigain. lie observed so metnthiing of this, and ?cin ted dissatisfied and restless when lie perceived, that he could no longer excite either sttinr sympathy or as. totishmient. Notwithlstualirng all these con tradictions in this wayward spoilt child of getnius, the illin'esi'ni left ot? lmy mind was, that hIe had both sentiment andi romance in his nature ; but that, f'ltn tlhe lore of display ntul of the itstonisllhilg, lie 'fectcd to despise and ridicule them. (Tuo he coulitiuled) 