'To (he JEdilor of The Colonist. Sin, — I 'presume it will require no ghost to rise from the grave, to inform you that the In dependent (!) Newspaper, (so styled), has changed masters. Even iindor the influence of Mr. Melville, it. never 'displayed such fulsome trash, such twaddle, as is contained in the No. of 3d instant, the first, as the Editor designates it, of a ' New Series.' The former Proprietor would not go to tlie. expenseof procuring an Editor, and being thus left a kind of volunteer Journal, two spirited Gentlemen on this side the Island, gave it some gratuitous assistance, and thus having be come too independent for the Government, the story goes that they have purchased it, and gave £700 for it in another person's name, or at least lent the money for that purpose. It would not be safe for me to write, or for you to print, all I know on this subject, ruled ns we are with a rod of iron; but there is a gentleman 'going to Hobart Town in a few. days, who can disclose more on this matter. Melville may at all events, thank the gentleman in question, for selling his paper for double its value. The ridiculous stuff, contained in the paper of 3d instant, induced me to throw it into burlesque rhyme, in a very humble imitation indeed, of Butler's Hudibras, the only recommendation I think it has, is, that the subject is worthy of the verse, and the verse of the subject. If as I think it is, beneath your notice, give it at least a PLACE in the fire.* It has only the merit of sticking close to'the original.— I remain Sir, yours, &c;, A Launcestonian. P. S. — In the last 'Independent, the Editor has, with fear and trembling, taken notice of the conduct of | the Government, in preventing water that is fit for use, being brought into this town, after a proposal to that effect being ihade, which they have taken seven years to consider of, and he hopes.'tlmt before the expiration of another year, they will think of the matter. There is a spirited Journalist for you. The pump that now supplies this town with water, is on the brink of the river, below where the filth of the Penitentiary is empted into it.^ — I wish you would take the matter up. [* We have complied with this request. — En.] 