SKETCHES OF SOCIETY. DAVID, THE LATE FRENCH PAINTER. The following interesting conversation (says a foreign journal) between this artist and the first consul, Bonaparte, has not been noticed in any of their biographies, and may be considered as authentic. After his return from the campaign in Italy, the first consul wished to be painted by David, and appointed him an audience, in order to speak to him on the subject. " What are you doing now ?" he addressed him when entering the room. " I am occupied with representing the battle of Thermo play," was the artist's reply. " This is of no use ; you do wrong to waste your labours in representations of the conquered "But, citizen consul," cried David, " these conquered were not the less heroes who died for their country and notwithstanding their having been defeated, still the Persians were driven from Greece for more than a century." " It does not matter," replied the first consul ; " the name of Leonidas alone remained all the rest are lost to history." " All ? except the high-minded resistance offered against a very numerous enemy ; all except their resignation to die for the glory of their memory ; all except the regularity and strict habits of the Lacedaemonians to have a constant recollection of which, would be useful to our warriors," retorted the artist. David now promised to lay aside this picture, and to set about painting the portrait of the first consul, requesting that he would favour him with a few sittings. " "Why do you want me to sit for the picture ?" asked Buonaparte ; " do you suppose that those great men of the ancients, whose pictures we have ever sat to their painters ?" " But I have to paint you for your own time, for people that have seen and known you and they will require a likeness " What does that signify ? the likeness is certainly not be looked for in the faithful i representation of the features, or of some little spot on the nose of the person represented ; but only in the character, physiognomy, and in the manifestations of the mind." " The one does not exclude the other," answered the painter. " Alexander certainly did not sit to Apelles ; no one cares whether the portraits of great men are good likenesses, if their minds be but alive in them, continued the first consul. " You teach me the art of painting," exclaimed David ; " indeed I have not yet considered it in this point of view ; you are right ; no ! you need not sit ; 1 will represent you on the field of battle, sword in hand." " No," said Buona parte ; now-a-days, battles are not won with the sword ; but paint me sitting calmly on a spirited horse." David having finished the picture, representing the first consul on horseback riding over the St. Bernard, presented it to him who, having looked at it attentively for a considerable time, turned himself to the artist, with expressions of great approbation and praise ; then, again looking at the troops that are represented in the picture mixed up with the clouds passing over the mountain, and placed by the painter in the back ground, according to the rules of perspective, and therefore appearing to be very small he said, laughing, " But, citizen David, what are yonder little men as large as the shape of my shoes ? it can crumble them to dust with one tread." This observation of Buonaparte was not altogether wrong. ZINC MUK FAILS. Among the patents recently taken out in America, one is for a process for extracting cream of our milk by the use of zinc. It is said that it zinc be put into the milk pan, or the milk be put into a vessel made of that substance, the same quantity of milk will yield a greater quantity of cream or butter. Morning Herald CANADA COMPANY-A meeting of the Proof lectors of Shares in the Canada Company was held on the 27th December, in the Society's House, Great St Helen's t, Bishopgate-street, for the put pose of i seen in" a report from the Du ec toisielativc to the Company's affairs ; to declare a dividend, and on other matters. the Deputy Governor, J Franks, Esq , took he Chair, and lead the Directors' report, which stated that from the accounts in Canada which had been made up, it was recommended by the Directors to declare a dividend for the half year ending in January next, at the late of 4 percent per annum. J The Du co tors felt satisfaction in stating that the affairs of the Company were going on prosperously. Ilipid improve ments were going on in Upper Canada Par sons of great respectability had settled there with capital to a great amount, and numerous bodies of labourers who had settled there had employment. The plan of sending out emigrants by parishes had been productive of good The only drawback that had existed was the prevalence of that fatal disease, the cholera The alarm produced in that Colony had tended seriously to interrupt business and the salts of land, but for the, circumstance, would have been much larger -The total sales this year in the Crown Rises yes, and Guelph, and Huron tracks, were 98,289 acres The Dm cross recommended that a dividend of 2 per cent on the capital subset lb ed should be declared for the half year ending to J mildly next After some conversation the dividend was agreed to, and the meeting adjourned Morning It auld FREE MASONRY The following facts connected with the brotherhood are collected from the Freemason's PocLtt Company in, a manual published by a brother of the Apollo Lodge, 711, Oxford St Alb in, the first match torClnis beauty in England, was a supporter of the mystery , among the subsequent superintendents we find the names of St Swithin, King Alfred, and Athelstan The Hist grand lodge of England met at York in 1925, according to a chapter in our Athelstan. From the year 1155 to 1199 the fraternity was under the command of the Grand Master of the Knights Templars, whose mysteries and titles are still conduin d We have still ex- tent records of a lodge held in the reign of Henry the Fifth, at Canterbury, where Cluehely, the Archbishop of that See, presided, where the names of the master, w dens, and other bre- tines are given this was in 1429, the King himself was instituted The St Clair s of Rosslyn weighed edit try grand masters of the order from the time of James II of Scotland till 1935, when the then representative of the family being old and childless, resigned it to the grand lodge. Among the Grand Masters in England are mine bered Dunstan, Edward the Confessor, Gon dolph, Bishop of Rochester, Gilbert de Clare, William a 'Wykchim, Henry VII , Sir Thomas Gresham!, Invo Jones, C. Wren, and Dr. Desa guitars. M William III was a freemason , so was George IV and so is his present Majesty. In 1797 there were only four lodges in London, who constituted themselves a grand lodge. There are now masons in all parts of the globe, who in stantly recognise each other. -Most ning Herald CvriMV COOK The following upon Captain Cook is copied from a memorandum book of Dr Burney -" In February I had the honour of retuMiig the illustrious Captain Cook to dine with men Queen-square, previously to his second vo) age round the we of Id Observing upon a table ' Boug Linville s Voyage cutout du Monde, he turned it over, and made some curious remarks on the 4th beial conduct of that circumnavigator towards himself when the met and ciossedeich other, which made me desirous to know, on examining the chart of M. de Bougainville, the several tracks of the two navigators, and exactly where they had crossed or approached each other Captain Cook instantly took a pencil from his pocket-book, and said he would trace the route, which he did in so clear and scientific a manner, that I would not take fifty pounds for the book. His pencil marks, having been fixed by skim milk, will always be visible." This truly great man appeared to be full of sense and thought, w cll-in lines ed, and perfectly unpre- tending, but studiously wrapped up in his own purposes and pursuits, and apparently under a pressure of mental fatigue when called upon to speak, or stimulated to deliberate upon any other. Madame d Arblay s Memoirs of Dr. Burney A BiiowiiiATEii ANSWERED A certain lawyer, of Old Bailey celeb), met with a rebuff a few weeks ago, that must have produced some effect even upon the browbeaten head of brass, and heart of non. suit, was trying to sh like the evidence of a Clergyman, b) endeavouring to show that his oath must be lightly regarded, in insomuch as he was at the time a prisoner for debt. After more than once questioning the Rev witness as to where he last come from before he entered the Court, this answer was at length obtained -" I came, Sir, from the King's Bench prison, 1 was confined there by the rascality of one lawyer, and am compelled now to expose myself by the bl vitality of another Times The population of the United States, according to the last census, is over twelve millions and the increase in 1811, including the negroes and the emigrants exceeded 500,000 souls, so that at the same rate the country might have, in twenty-five years, a popular line of 25,000,000 The emigration this year to the ports of the Atlantic has not been so great as the last, but thousands of emigrants have spread from Can- id through the States of New York and Ohio, and particularly through the territory of them, which is to be incorporated as a State next year. The last accounts from Greece are of a more favourable tenor than those preceding them for some time past It is stated, that the commercial relations with the Ottoman Empire were much on the increase, as well as those with France, the exports in 1861 being 6,711,000 francs, and the imports 27,781,600 Svia had become a police depot not only for the Peloponnesus, the Isles, and for Rjmeli i, but also for Asiatic and European Turkey The merchandise imported into Greece consisted chiefly of grain, sugar, coffee, silk, and draperies, and the exports were raisins, oil, wine, &c.; " I need only tell you that the King no sooner had received the commune action of General Chasse's despatch than he ordered m arrive to be drawn up, promoting the veteran to the dignity of Grand Cross of the Military Order. Nay, when delivering this write to the Minister of War to despatch it to the General, the King took the star from his own bosom, and handed it to the Minister, together with the scarf and diamond, which his Majesty had worn at the ceremony of the opening of the present Session, ordering these to be sent as the insignia of the Order for General Chasse." Sur va -The average price of Brown or Musco s ado Sugar, computed from the returns made in the week ending Dec. 25, is 28s. 6d per cwt, exclusive of the duties of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain. A NICE DISTINCTION. It would appear that General Chasse and the Dutch garrison are not to be considered, in the language of diplomacy, as prisoners of war, but merely as hostages until the surrender of the Fort of Lille and Lief Kenshole. , This distinction appears to be a little metaphysical Belgian Paper. THE SciiooiHAiTnn m FAUIT_SclioolmaUeri have been more than usually vicious of late, and that was needless. The newspapers in their police and assize reports of the last quarter show that the iniquity of this class is varying inversely with the revenue. The ear-pullers, hair extractors, and cane-drivers, the true white slave dealers, have got much before the public, not for torturing and racking their scholars (all that is in their vocation,) but for seduction, forgery, fraud, bigamy, and the like little deviations from the ordinary and sanctified round of roguery. Breaking cane over the heads of ingenuous youth, starving their pupils mentally and bodily, cramming stick-jaw pudding down their throats, and feeding tender age on tough beef, and teaching the young idea how to bolt raw flesh and fat all this is in the regular way of gaining an honest livelihood : as is the charging of extras, horrible sound to parental ears ! robbing the lads ' wardrobes of clothes, fabricating daughters' chemises out of boys ' shirts, and above all, and worse than all, turning them out, at the age of sixteen or seventeen, perfect savages in every acquirement of civilisation : with short sleeves and long red hands, cropped hair and slinking shoulders, a wincing look, as if every moment expecting the descent of the cane a thorough thick head, a tough hide, an insensible heart, and all set off by manners which oscil- late between those of a slave and a savage. And as for learning, the. wheelwright's apprentice, or the post-boy of a public-house, is a prince to the modern boarding school boy. He is deep in nasty practises, and an adept at marbles, and great at a swop-that is to say, in the exchange of a shilling knife for a half-crown watch-chain, and similar low villainy. But as for learning, take a specimen : it is from a work of fiction, but as true as Gospel. . " ' What have you learnt ?' says the father ; ' what; do you know ?' " .' Not much, sir ! * " ' What do you know in Latin ?' " * Latin, sir? I don't know Latin sir!' " ' Not Latin, you idiot ! why, I thought they taught nothing but Latin ?' " ' Yes, sir-cyphering.' " ' Well how far did you proceed in arithmetic?' " ' No sir! they taught me cyphering and writing.' " ' My father looked grave. Can you work the rule of three you dance?' "I Rule of three, sir?' " "Do you know subtraction ? Come you blockhead answer me ! Can you tell me, if five are taken from fifteen, how many remain ?' " ' Five and fifteen, sir, are, counting on my fingers, but missing my thumb, * are-are-nine- teen, sir!' " ' What ! you incorrigible fool ! Can you repeat your multiplication table?' " ' What table sir ?' " Then turning to my mother, he said, Your son is a downright idiot, madam perhaps knows not his own name write your name, you dont !' "I Write, sir! I can't write with that pen, sir : it is not my pen.' " ' Then spell your name you ignorant savage !" "' Spell, sir,' I was so confounded that I misplaced the vowels. He arose in wrath, overturned the table, and bruised his shins in attempting to kick me as I dodged him, and rushed out of the room." The Younger Son, p. 28. This is from one of the cleverest books of the day. In this scene the parent is greatly to blame ; he is to blame, for has he not been himself a school- boy, stupified, outraged, vitiated and was not his son in the same course? Schooling is, in point of fact, conducted upon the old principle of breaking in horses : schoolmasters are rough riders, who retain all the ancient enormities of a bad system. They seize a timid and tender colt, they thrust a rude iron bit into its mouth with a bulb in the centre as large as the fist with reins attached to it as strong as a cable-laying hold of this, and fastening his claws into the creature's mane, a stout active savage, with muscles like thongs of; leather, springs upon the creature's back, armed with whalebone whip in his hand, and steel spurs at his heels. The demon once astride, commences the system of torture aptly called horse-breaking which is in fact heart-breaking. The fingers first of all play the iron in the tender jaws, then the calves of the legs begin to work on the belly and sides with a devilish tenacity of embrace; the creature is dumbfounded ; he champs and lifts his legs, and begins to switch his tail in ignorance and des- parish ; vice, vice ! cries the breaker, and away go whip on the neck, and spurs in the flank-and away goes the colt with a spring. Good, good, cries the breaker, I had you there you will not do that again. The unhappy creature, trembling in every muscle, and foaming at every step, feeling the de- mon grasp relaxed, the fowls withdrawn, and the whip playing in the shadow, deems the visitation withdrawn, and stepsister he ! cries the breaker, and again he hands his two- pound curb, and away go whalebone and steel it is vice again, and so on until the wretched animal is indeed broken-that is to say, has the submission and timidity of a slave springs at every shadow, and thus yields its will while all is quiet, till in some moment of alarm the passion of fear seizes its whole faculties, the ghost of the demon-breaker rises to the imagination, and plunging, kicking, and bolting the terrified creature rushes to destruction, involving in its own death that of some unhappy person sitting behind it, or upon it. This is called taking fright-it is the result of bad education-horses and schoolboys suffer from it equally : if we hear of vice, whether in men or horses, if we hear of wild escapades, of sudden abandonment of principle, and the sudden breaking down of every honest hope, and the violent breaking away from every honorable restraint, be sure the schoolmaster was in fault. Now we have been rather harsh on schoolmasters, because, as a body we think they deserve it. There are hundreds of meek deserving men who pursue the most important of callings with at least a mild spirit ; the system of teaching is so bad, that we cannot say that even they do much good. This system they cannot change-they dare not they live, such of them as are of the timid, industrious, hop- ing class, in a horrid fear of capricious parents, epidemic or infectious fevers, and butchers' bills. The evil is not in the individual, but in the system. First of all, parents are so little aware of the importance of education, that they will hardly pay anything for it. They make a bargain with a man for a boy's board at the lowest possible price for which a boy can he kept education is expected to be thrown in as a make-weight; and even the man's time is not paid for, unless he can shove into his bills a fraudulent amount of extras, or contrive to foist upon the lad a heap of unnecessary books, on which the publisher -a fellow-conspirator-allows him some 35 or 50 per cent. The poor wretch, thus struggling for existence, takes as many young dupes as he can get; if he has above forty or fifty, decency requires an usher, and be goes forth for a victim in that shape. But they who have ever looked into the education of human beings, know well that, according to the old system of education, no one man can give due attention to more than some twelve or lift seen boys, and scarcely that. With forty or fifty boys under him, nothing is learnt, and the master, disgusted with the ignorance of his pupils,. and dissatisfied with his own situation, if he has a bad temper, or a temper that may be made bad, plies the cane, and grows excited by revenging his hard fate on the schoolboys' ears But this is on the supposition that the schoolmaster is qualified for instruction generally speaking he is not. He is a reduced man is far from being bred to the sacred office of tutor, he is usually a broken down person, unqualified to succeed in any other walk of life. There are two grand businesses into which the bankrupt retreats-the one is that of coal merchant, and the other schoolmaster-neither require capital. No person ought to be permitted to set up as schoolmaster unless, after he has been examined, he is found qualified for the arduous office of tuition; and for that branch, viz. boarding, which requires capital, judicious parents ought ." provide by subscription among themselvesasai,», \- the want of it. Education is too serious a thing to be trusted to chance. Every class in each Breast neighbourhood ought to have its own establishment for education-a house, a steward, servants, and a master and future of his own appointment Th details of beef and porridge-beds and house-rent should be wholly separate from the grand business of training the mind and morals of youth. Excnmt from all the low details of life, the properly-qualified schoolmaster would rise up a superior being, and take his place with the other arbiters of shielded nies of nations, the preacher, the legislator, tim" poet, and the orator New Monthly Magazine. CANKER ON YOUNG FRUIT TREES The years ago, I was much annoyed at finding several young pear trees one mass of disease from top to bottom which, I conceive, must have been infected when sent to me, three years before,, as they were planted in the best of soil. On referring to a work on gardening, I found some palliatives recommended . but it was observed that the most effective plan was' to take up the tree and plant a fresh one. I did not much like throwing away three years' growth of roots, which, I knew, had been extending themselves under every advantage of soil and I thought of cutting off the heads to within one foot of the ground, and inserting healthy grafts from other varieties. I was told this could be of no avail, inns. much as the sap, passing through the diseased trunk would infect the grafts. On consideration, this did not appear to me a necessary consequence, as the qualities of the child (if I may so term is) secreted from the descending sap, to which the future tree would be indebted for its growth would depend much more on the scion than the stock. I determined, at all events, to try the experiment, and headed down and grafted several trees. It has exceeded my most sanguine expectations. The new heads are of extraordinary growth : three of them have borne well this year the wood of all is extremely vigorous and healthy, and without any symptom of disease of any kind. Many of your scientific readers have probably performed the same experiment, on the same process of reasoning; but, as the result was contrary to the anticipations of several experienced gardeners, I communicate it, in the hope of saving many a useful though cankered tree from destruction Gardeners' Magazine. The Duke of Sussex, we regret to say, was dangerously ill when the last accounts left England. INGENIOUS MODE OF DETECTING A THIEF,-. Among the many amusing traditionary anecdotes which are currently reported by the peasantry of Elginshire, relative to the late eccentric Sir Robert Gordonvale the following. Several articles of considerable value having been abstracted from the farm readings of one of his tenants, every ordinary method had been resorted to, but without cared, for the purpose of discovering the thief. At length Sir Robert himself interfered in the matter. He strictly enjoined all the tenants on the estate in question, together with their respective servants, to appear at his house at a given day. From the character of the Baronet, none ventured to disobey the mandate. " The day-the great, the important day having arrived, and the whole country-side men and woman having arrived at the hour and place appointed, Sir Robert ordered a large tub filled with water to be placed before the door of his house. " Now," exclaimed the ingenious and eccentric Baronet, pointing at the same time to the tub, -" come here every man and woman of you, and look in here one after the other, and whoever has stolen Andrew Gordon's articles, from his nose there will immediately fall something into the tub." Conscious of their innocence, one succeeded another with uncommon rapidity in the exercise of surveying their respective physiognomies through means of the water contained in the tub ; but not an atom dropped from one of their noses. Observe, however, the power of conscience : no sooner had the guilty individual placed his nose above the water, than he thrusts up one of his hands towards his nose, in order to conceal the supposed something which was to proceed therefrom. The stratagem of the Baronet succeeded ; this was just the manner in which he expected the guilty person would act. The alleged criminal was then examined confessed life guilt-and received a measure of punishment proportionate to the magnitude of his offence. There are no set of public functionaries that have a worse training for their situations than the Judges. They defend injustice at the Bar till they are raised to administer justice on the Bench. It is wonderful that they are men of such integrity as they are. We remember an anecdote of a Counsel being so conscientious as to renounce his prospects of prefer- ment rather than defend injustice. The then King said that such a Counsel would make a good Judge, Surely no other King has ever thought so, or the system would have been changed.- True Sun. 