We sincerely regret that the present Editor of the Colonist slioujil be subjected to the same tjrannv, which tlu jonner, in his exposition of I lie precious system of the "Journal of the People,' in so manly a manner, exhibited to tlu public view. Was it not sn—was IK j;ot compelled to a propitiation, which lie cannot hut feel a miserable burthen, lie would have scorned to have admitted, («e cannot believe to have produced,) the bru turn Jul men which appeared in I;is last. We cannot believe it,; because, fr-in the lime when that journal catminto his bauds, w hatever our opinion may be of it otherwise, he has conducted ii invariably like a gentleman, and, with ihe associations to which be is subjected, lhat is not saying a little for him. Thu then, before we proceed to the notice hi* attack requires from us, we will offer e lew words to his consideration. He may r^st assured that the people quite well understand the system of calumny and falsehood of those whose great point is to excite hatred wherever lhe_\ can do so. No bonds- not those of kin dred, which even savages respect, an recognized by lliem! They know bin one feeling, malignity.—they are gov erned but by one principle—Hie "ratification ol-it. These b'-HIG their fixed PRIN- CIPLES, they judge of others by t/iex selves, and dcpict them after their men image accordingly ! Thus, therefore, vhile they themselves seek to embroil ALL in one common dissentimi, the; voeilera'e disunion,'''—that woni, tli very watthvvord of themselves ! How truly reviving . it is to the people to have before them the.delightful detail furnished by "the Legion' themselves in .ijie^ersttn'of. their own first appointed iv gratifying to the peopl it is to have plainly ami positively known who they are who thus dare call thenr selves the people, with whom they have nothing whatever—not even the ghost, , , , . . . ' the shadow of a t-hosl, i« common ! The Legi-.n, as the TWO call themselve to represent the people! Their Jotirrial lhe Journal of the People ! Foul calum riy. The people reject the association and turn from it with scorn! \Vhere ltas been one single sentiment put forth in the Colonist, from tbe day of its being ihtust fotili, to the tirade of Friday, in which the people's interests were con suited! Where one single instance ! NCT OKE ! We defy Ihe lhe present Editor to produce one single passage, one single isolated passage, which has ever appeared in that Journal in behalf of the peoplt. No, no! The peoph disclaim it I The people will have none of it. Tile people know.the base artiii ces by which under their narne,1lieir worst of enemies would ride over them,and lliej . laugh aloud al the imbecile attempt! Thus much in justice to tlie Editor, as p to "unde derivator'of bis.war whoop ! He has ,beeh .COMP.ELI^F.DJO th.rovit the first stone. With the blessing of health md the support of the people, WHOSE JOURVAL Tins RRALlY )S, lie shall not throw the last, although indeed he may not have ihe opportunity,—-for convinced he tnay be that one of these fine mornings he will find himself turned <iut of the oflice of the. Paper of the. People, exactlv as cavalierly as was his predecessor. We purposed to have proceeded calmly and quietly,—'o have given creilit to professions, and to have sought only to praise. We are not allowed to do so \ ferocious declaration of war is pro f claimed against us, by anticipation vf\— deserving it! We ate denounced be fore we are heard ! This is a true specimen of Ihe "principle*," the "fixed prmcipl-s.'" of tbe "Legion," who d.itt'd to insult theperple by calling their J»« r - nal the People's Journal. Til is Jot'R- N'AL will be such indeed. It. will sup port the inteiest.s of the people against tyranny of every sort,—hut especially against the detestable tyranny "f an Olitiwrchy,— ind yet more especially against • the more de.t>\itable tyranny of a duumrirate; for; to the'honor of the •Colony;-' he mighty assumption of "our name i« Lc«i«n and we are many" 1 has sunk into his pitiful remnant,—proved to have so sunk by its own hand, by its owr appointed "writer ! Tlrs Journal. will s ver be found to advocate the HIGHT a >F THE PEOPLE; and when it does not, * lien it can lie proved in one single instance to have ba?ely abandoned them— o have compromised tlieni in the very iii>!itest degree, then let it sink into the e •tine cmtempt with the Colonist ! And now a few words (oh! that our pace would allow us more) to the antiipated charges against vis. It is dilli o m til' in a few words to grapple with them : t (or like another classical writer in our ecollection, our contemporary ' is inn without some little " in'aze of metaphy contusion." As well as we can de line them, they are. that we issue from he Government Press; that we are ivi.hout "fixrd principles;" that wc are " SUSPECTED" (amiable attribute) „f . • J- t I l ll -ii i lieinf uncandid, partial, and ill n illed ; of havjns boasted that the Legion has >e< ii " blown to the Devil," and thai ur anatomical instrument is sharpened t^aittsl the Colonist only. These ap H-'arto us, to be the body of our anti cipated, our " SUSPKCTEO" (how the people scorn this) offences- Let its -•xantine them seriatim, and see how hesc " suspicions" are borne out. First. That we issue from the Government Press. Untrue: unless inas much as lhat the Government Press is in ilie same street with our own. 'Fixed principles. We will look to our Contemporary himself in his single last uum ier, lor his own course thereupon, He leniands loudly the right of a Representative G overttmenl for the people here; if course for every oilier people. How are his fixed principles, thereupon ? W\ urn to his third page, and there we find him declaiming at the top of his voice, laainst an UNlOiV «>f Britain and France, to comtn l what ? The autocrat, William the Dutchman, to allow tin Bel^ie people lo possess a Representative Government! The very attempt to sup. port the Bel^ic "people," in their noble We next come to our being " unean did, partial, and ill willed."' To TH,E PROOF! We call to the proof - ! W iefy such in one single instance ! H next calls upon us to deny a boast, that the Legion has been " blpwn to thej deeiW' We do deny any such boast herttofnre. It would be no great metier of boast in any sense of the word,, and tve should be ashamed of such. But we are quite wijling Now to adopt the ex- xerlions, to throw 0fl' ihe despotism ot o the absolute King of Castbreaoh crea d lion; and to be govirued by laws, in tin m makiti" of which they have a voice! Vet this noble eff.itt—this ylorious at f tempt, is, he says, a imuseatino piece o! m information, and makes his s«ri>e rise I Oh ! " the paper of the people," and its fixed principles] And how does, hesup i tori his opinions? by reference to the p two London journals, the only two: avowedly of hi^k Tory piinci])tcs, 'lVAU-fl by the whole.British peoplt—supported tlone by the IVrro-mt>n«ers—tbe avowed declared enemies of evt ry ihinj; in the shallow of Reform, either in Church o Ssati —the open supporters of corruption of every sort—eallino themselves par excellence, the " coiiservatires," mean ; i|isj< as lhe word delU), CPf l|leir „ fixa fixed s,!^, , 0 Hipport all the oppressions j(l, e people are subjected to—yet these [ journal-,hated and detested by the people ,j—' le Standard and the Morning Post, |' ,,e Colonist describes as bein« of ihe s0Und,st f' mast soundest and enlarged abll,t! ability "" ' * ,,ok a ' hese " fixed piinci[.'lis" of your Jour nal, people of Tasmania! is not this " nameaiingV—does not your " gorge rise ressioiv The Legron>4ias Jieeri blown to the Devi!. : It has blown itself thither! Its. own band, by its. late kdjtor, ,in inerelj giving its principles and its con duct, hasjso b'owti it, and there it will remain beyond redemption. Lastly—the "sharpening our anato mical hai/e." Well contented should we have been, to have proceeded in the even tenor of our way. We had n<» knif to sharpen. Our contemporary ha struck at us with one,. If lite blow recoils on himself, on himself be the blame. The Colonist, is pleased to promise to watch tis.. He cannot rentier u -t greater sejvice. In return we would call on the people to,watch the Colonist, tha' ««'»«>e would take the trouble. Titos much then for ihe bnitum fitlunn of the last Colonist. " Cori, on Mac DuJJ" if war is to be the word: lie it so. Two striking facts are e icited from the following rxtraci from the high Tory Gazette^ the Standard— 1st. that in these times of reform, it is legitimate subject of discussion the necessity of a cheap King of England ;. 2nd. the utter untruths to which the Tories ate (impelled to resort, iri order to find the shadow of an argument against the existence of that necessi'y. The Divine hf' seems to he-pretty well driven out of the field, and now the only subtitute, U adopted, that the million per nnum which the starving people of Britain pay, out of a taxation admitted lobe at its ne pi us ultra, for the support •if a "Royal Familyis the absolute property ol that family, as nim li as are states purchased by the money oh Uitied by the industry of the progenitors, orof the present possessors theieof. How unspeakably absurd is it to hear f the "millions lost" by the Royal Faily, in con-equcnce of the commutaion ol a teveiiue taken ft^om lands the property of the people, to another description of the people's property. .As well might (heToties insist upon it that Windsor Castle or St. James's c; Palace," or that other house, the property o the, ' WP ro P™lcd, with some thirty , F OUSA " D per annnmoutof the to ihe support of of the lit" am,able nmiallln Lrnest f'A-n^ct nf< ( umberland, H the absolute property of he -l-amtly and , , by a vote of .he Reformed larl.am.nt, the people were o make another appropriation of these houses their propci ty— to sell them, for e X,n,ple, and apply the proceeds to tl,e provtdmg the muerable housands of Ivalf-s arved.nd 1-Hlf-naked men women ind children, with some. of the necessa- S i'^r a - Vl f r "7 to act as assuredly one day hey «ill act, of course the I ones would exclaim comparison (the mountain and the mole hill one we admit) as respectvthe0 rights of Mr. Moore, Tax Collecto- Auciinnppr. Auctioneer, Cnmvor. Cormier, >„ to fl,« the I„„„Ir hundreds 0.(c lie takes out of the taxes of the people here. When tlm lavish expenditure is, s it assuredly will be very shortly, no '•nger so uselessly made, how the whole Colony would be convulsed with laughter was Mr. Moore to lament over his "tosses," and of the cruelty of being compelled to maintain his ptesent luxury, if he could, by the same exertions which ther men make in the obtaining theii aily bread, by whatever means he itht be enabled. llow laughable would it be to bear him reproach the reormers with the condition la which he o g ight he reduced, in such a case, as a i spoliation of rights." g The liin- is iapidly approaching when n this condition these ' receivers of the i ublic money" will find - themselves, i'lie very day of Representative Government will tie ~tfie iitgirt to thetr aTp- e T pings into the pockets of the people. w None would pay real AVO'KKING public u servants, j/ece.vsw;"//^ employed,more liberally than oursflVes;---we would, above t all, place a gentkman in every department where a gentleman ought to be and the public would cheerfully enntribute to support him like a gentleman. But the miserablepjmBM, the coarse 2-ross, uneducated, overbearing race, fawning and crawling when to fawn and crawl can scire their wretched purposes insolent, and oven ruffianly wlieu iliey imagine they dare do so'with impunity,— this race, w hom nature in I heir very appearance and manner has stamped with tbe indelible maiksof having been formed to never reach farther in that division of labor scale under which man is ordained to maintain allthe relationsjof life than "hewers of wood and drawers of water," this race will soon be in their proper place. And now for the extract from the Standard, (the idol of lhe Colonist's idolatry) which has elicited these re-' marks :— | " Atone of tlie Political Unjnn; last nialit, a Major llevell was very urgent in harani;uinL' for a cheap King; The very juotal patriot argurd lor the OL'cc&iitv; of* cheap King, on the jcroundj of the oirlilj^fif the exampU an^, the »a.'( mirers <>f cheapness at' tlie exppgeeltf utility, the argument is not a bad nne ; but/let tbe ex ample>ke us&i;%s an exfimple of universal applicati>in, or it is not wortli a farlhinp. If a cheap Ki»!» is to Rive us a cheap Governor-General of Inrtk. stid a cheap Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland in the name of common sense, let it give us a cheap Duke of Devonshire and a cheap old Sir F. I urdeit. The rijdit of the King to liis income is much more akin to that of ihe Duke and d Harnnet to their estates, than it is to llli r glit of the Onveriior-Gcneral and Loid-fjteu tenant to tlieii" respecti»e snUries. It is altogether a mistake to suppose that the Royal I'iinilr ol England is a j>snper family. Ilad thejf net, in submission to truly patriotic views nf national policy, ' Xcliangcd llie kind of pro jievty mliir-l) the Dslke <it l)rv<>n>hire and tti? Marquis of Westminster Imve. for a civil list the liiij'al Fiimi-'y of KHSMIIIII would be now the iirliest in the wnrld. Tlie hereditary revenue surrendered to the public for an equivalent in taxes bv CliHrles LL , would be now worth A Zl't-ai man}' millions annuiHv ; tj.t] it appear^ liy returns innv-.-d for in ilie bepinniuc of the session •iv Sir Ii. tn;l;s, ilint, by t!;e arrangement eff'Ctid iti the conimeiKeinrnt of George'l 11,'s "eiS", the pub ic IIRV gained, :illd tlie ttoyal Patuily lost, thirty-nine millions in about 70 veals. I f mi%• reipi ci f<-r impartial justice is to be lnoinfuined, tlitn In tlie piinciple oCecnnomj C tairlv round auiunsst thi se who, having nu higher tiile.llian the Uoyal Finuily to their pro- ^lerir, liaic allotvcd tlie public ro <.>ai» nothing out of it, while tlie public lias hecn gtiininir mil ns troinonr Kings. -Above all. Id.ns have i cheap i>ld .Sir l\\. Hnrdelt; iJi.it is, if be can b' rated cheap, atanj cost, however vile."- We consider it matter of some impor tame, that the reformers here should be somewhat explit.il, as to their views in respect to therltctive franchise—we're tiref that they liave altogether blinked the vitally important first step of theii subject. That a Representative Govern ment is the RIGHT of every people, is an axiom too self-evident to need argument. Hut what is the extent of frari chise which those who take the lead ii this matter, ate disposed to concede to the people-, for (be people may rest assured, lhat. to lake care of themselves hereupon, is of ilie deepest intetest t iln-m. Should ever another petition br got up here, we trust that it will contain a clear, distinct, well defined, unequivocal, and unshijtable declaration of the ,, 1;m. the (c ;„. c )m. c h| dec(|- , ||(1S<1 vvll,/ aie ,„ be ca, jed THE[K j PRE8RNTAT, VEs< , et no, (ll |t, bif , Vc(, iv<, d - , ()r (| . >• -« .. eJve 5n this |)oi„ t'. L(. t , ht. m 1)ol (. x. ch;m£;c „ bnA for a TJ - s <)f „ ie elective franchise is nov, Sl) wcll lml^Uto(i in E | an(, that ljallo, 1)(j almoit uu,;>nited qu.li | ficIl|ioi|g is „„ (ir(il>r )he ' , j Eveil ,| H. new com1; (ution of the Colonv ()f Newfoundland, looks Io it with some lit„ e Cilrr5 as a , . , he fi)|| - «liicl, has ootie the round of (he PnSf aild 1y ttllicl) we invi hj. ':^,-,^,,^ aUention of the people We Colony into nine Electoral District., had oeen ,isl carried into eriVct. it bud crtated much J' a, ' sfactl " n ' flon) ,lle B elltral llurilr<; , f l >i''«-lec- " ve "bicb i, conferred ii.discrin.ioately oh every keeper who may have been jear in occupation, either as owner or tcii'ini of any lioti,e within the diMiict for which the Members are to be retiirnlicll An opinion iind prevailed in Newfoundland, I'ouuded ^n tbe terms of the Governor's C.iiiiini sion, that llie privilege ivas (o be limited tofi\\-eli<il./cr3. This 1 class of persons beiiij- com aiauvely snisll, until the matfci had been plnced in a proper light, a ood deal of uneasiueis had prevaiieii," 