LITERARY SELECTOR. (The following is one of the articles in Hlackwood's Magazine or October. It is so well written, that we cannot refrain from giving it to our readers, though compelled (contrary to our usual practice) to ' continue' it in our next num ber.] ANTONIO DI CAKAHA. A Paboak T»Lt. The languor of Italy in climate, manners, and pursuits, melts away all individual rna ractir in the central and southern divisions of the land. But the north boasts of manlier pro pensities. The wind blows vigour of rain a and body from the Alps. Beyond those hills lies Switzerland, the country of pcnuiy and freedom; Germany, the country of toil, men tal nnd bodily. Even the rough mountaineer of the Tyrol gives his sharp to the general ac tivity of the region ; and i-ven the Veronese, thoueh glancing on the luxuriant landscape that spreads like the waves of a summer sea to the south, feels the spirit of the hills and forests in him, at rvery breath, from those no ble bulwarks of the land. The character of the Italian is thus mingled of contending ele ments, and as chance directs, it is propelled to the lavish indulgence of the Neapolitan, or to the hardy habits of the region that every morning glitters with its ten thousand pyra mids of marble, and its ten times ten thou sand pinnacles of eternal snow above his head, in the north. The Count Antonio di Carara was a l'aduan noble, descended from the fa mous Cararas, Prinree of Padua. Antonio was a true Italian, steeped to the lips in the spirit of the south, elegant, luxurious and languid. But the vicinage of the north had its share in his composition. His life was a dream. His paternal opulence flowed away on iingers. dancers, and dilettanti. He wrote sonnets.-he composed cavalinas.-he even in vented a new fashion of wearing the hat and plume ; and was the first authority consulted in every new arrival of a first rate maestro of the violin, the sword, dancing dogs, any 'Hut the spirit of the Alps was not altoge ther extingulshable. Antonio began to grow weary of lingering for ever in the midst ol the squabbles of bullying priests and effemi nate dragoons, the abbesses of rival convents, and opera singers, all perfection, and all ready to poinard or poison each other. The Austrian grasp, too, was heavy on the politics of hiscalm nnd venerable city. Yet it had charms still, whose spell even defied the tooth of time, and the insolence of the Austrian corporals. Padua, as all the world knows, is the pa radise of the Far nientc, the original Castle of Indolence, the Palace of Slumber ; the soft, silent, somnolent down.bed of Italy. The air itself slumbers, the grape- gatherers nod on the vines, the mules tread as if they were shod with felt: and though Padua produces no longer the silk and velvet that once made her name memorable to the ends of the earth, the cenius of them both is in every thing. All is silky, smooth, and gravely superb. A drowsy population yawns through life in a drowsy city, taught the art of doing nothing by a drowsy university. The old glorits of I'a duan science are gone to sleep ; her thousand doctors, once shedding wisdom into her my riad of students, have sunk down into shedders of poppies, a few innocent old lingerers among Uie shelves of her mighty libraries, dry as their dust, silent as their authors, and not half so active as the moths that revel in their sultry sunshine Life creeps away in eat ing gropes, and drinking the worst wine in thl world ; in having the Malaria fever in summer, and the pleurisy in winter, in sitting under the sunburnt trees that mock tho eye with the look of verdure, and fall into dust at a touch ; and in blackening the visage over wood fires that nwke man the rival, in odour, colour, and countenance, of the boar s ham that hangs in his chimney. Antonio loved this velvet way of g iding through the world; and in this taste fulfilled all the duties that the world expects from a citizen of Padua. But in Padua, even this araceful lover of his ease was not to Ue alto gethcr tranquil. One day when he was in- ( dulging in the memory of cool air, Tor the reality of it was not to be found in even his y marble palace, the month being August and the heavens burning over the national head like the roof of an immense furnace, the Count of Carara was roused from lying at his full length on a sofa in a verandah that over looked his ample gardens, by the announce, ment of a stranger with letters of introduc tion. The stranger was admitted— the letters were from a cousin of the Count, a general in the Austrian service, recommending the Herr Maximillian Balto to his good offices, as n Hungarian of family addicted to science, and who was attracted to Italy by his desire to see the wonders and beauties of the most lovely land of the world. The stranger was a man of mature age, with a form bowed by either years or study, and a pule but highly intelligent countenance. The Count's picturesque eye immediately set him down as an admirable study for a painter, and his place in the Titian gallery of the pa lazzo wns fixed on before he uttered a word. But Antonio was equally susceptible of the charms of conversation; and the strangers conversation was adapted to captivate a man of his skill in the graceful parts of life. The Herr Maximillian had travelled much, had seen every thing that was remarkable in the principal regions of the globe, and had known or seen the principal personages of the time. His conversation was admirable; easy, fluent, and various ; its animation never flagged, its variety never degenerated into trilling, nor its description into caricature. The Count, a man of higher capacities than any that would be required by the indolence of his lire, felt his intellectual consciousness revive. He wee, as all men are, delighted with the discovery ; entered at once into the full enjoyment of his awakened understanding, and began to won der what he had been thinking of during the a To suffer the friend who had done him this service to take his departure assuddenly as he came, was out of the question. He pressed him to make the palazzo bis residence for a week; the week passed, the request was lengthened to a month ; the month passed away only to convince the Count that, without the society or the accomplished Hungarian, Padua would become dull to nn intensity beyond all human suffering. The request was extended to a year, lis guest smiled, but told him that matters of importance compelled him to think of return ing homeward ; »nd dial though he was de termined to revisit Italy and the Count, some years must tlapse before his return Carara felt as an Italian feels on every occa sion that thwarts his propensities, be they what they will; he was in despair. There was but one allernotive, to leave Italy and Havel with this roan of accomplishment round the world, consume life thus gyrating, oriu die after a prolonged conversation of lifty years. The Hungarian argued strenuously against this genuine Italian romance; sat up half a night suffering himself to beconvincpd, cradHally gave way to all the Count s argu ments, and even pointed ont the means of mak ing this perccriiiatioii a much more delightful adventure than it had seemed to the fancy of the Count ; and at the first elimpsc of d.twn, glided from his chamber, with his valise on his shoulder, into the suburbs. As Padua would have been asleep all day, it could scarcely have eyes for the simple ana lonely fugitive, who threaded its dozing streets at Hi! hour when no Paduan on record had ever known whether it was the full blaze of sun shine, or the darkness of Erebus. He made his way accordingly, passed through streets of palaces and walks of state as invisible as a spirit, walked through magnificent gates where no sentinal challenged, and no Swiss kept the key, straight forward through Sousovino s bronze horseman, and Darbarini's; and un buyed at by a solitary dog, reached the Ceme tario grani/e ; the true emblem of the city, weedy, calm, soundless, and decaying— a bed of but more steady slumber— a Padua under ground. A year passed away, but not like the years before. The Hungarian was a philosopher, and the word had many meanings at the time. He had seen many nations, and the view had not raised his conception of human nature ; he had lived under various governments, and his conception of the wisdom of kings and the happiness of t heir subjects did not prevent him from an occasional sarcasm on both : he was a man of imagination, and one of its employ ments was the construction of an Utopia. ^ He was a roan of science, and the sudden disco veries of the French and German chemists in the last century had kindled himinto the reve ries of the century before, and made him a searcher after the philosopher's stone. What must have been the power and impulse of so much curious speculation, inventive skill, bold theory, and actual knowledge, pouring suddenly upon the sensitive spirit of an Italian, aroused for the first time to a feeling of his own sensitivensns ! It was the sudden opening of his curtains at midnight, to shew him the blaze of a conflagration ; the sudden burst of a sunshine on the eyes of the blind, the sud den perception that there was round him, not the monotonous luxury of an Italian palace, but the vividness, activity, and intellectual vigour of a world, a world all alive, vigorous, stirring, fierce, enthusiastic, brilliant, a world in which ambition might fly abroad, until it wearied its wildest wing; in which vanity mieht nlav its most fantastic game, in which philosophy might build its noblest conceptions, till they reached to the very gates of heaven ; in which science might explore the depth of things until it reached the centre ; a world of grandeur, beauty, strength, weakness, life, immortality ; a world of wonders. The luxurue 1 Italian became the philoco. pher; he roseWfih the sun, he studied till midnight, he pi tinged into the mysteries of science, he grew recluse, pale, and severe. But the delight of discovery repaid all labors of the pursuit. The transmutation of metals, that most dazzling - dream of science, which will dazzle to the end of time, led him on ward, with an entusiast's disregard of all hings but his crucible: In the meanwhile he himself had become an object of attention ; and the Count Carara had already marked the day and hour when he was to become matter of the grand secret of this world's wealth, when a knock at his ludy door disturbed him in the midst of the operation, and a. corporal of grenadiers handed a paper to him, contain ing an order for his arrest on the ground of Teemasonry. ,. ( The count was indignant at the interrup- i lion ; the fire of the Italian character blazed nut in wrath at the insolence of disturbing a c noble in hit own sanctuary'; but the corporal I had no ear for reason, the bayonets at his bark I were better arguers, and in the midst of a pla- I loon of whiskered giants; the philosopher was ? marched first into the presence of the Gover- I nor— who informed him that his estate was I confiscated to the- use of belter subjects, of I whom the Governor himself was to be pre- i eumed the most deserving —and the next to i the well-know Torre di Eccelino. This famous i remnant of the ages of blood, which every i living Italian records as the ages of glory, - wheu every tittle town in Italy had battle, ments, its territory, its slaves, its army, its despot as fierce as the Grand Turk, and its enemy within half a league, as inveterate as the Kalrouc Tartar; its war once a month, bloody, as if the weal of the world depended on the sword, and its siege, storm, and sack once a-year, had hecn just converted into a state prison. Yet it was the very spot which, if Carara hud been free to choose, he would have chosen. Frou its summit, Eccclino, the most sanguinary of the sanguinary, the most subtile, daring, and ambitious of an age of civil and martial ferocity, watched the move ments of the vast turbulent city below, then filled with partizans of all the desperate feuds of the day. From its summit be too had watched the stars, that as they rose or set, twinkled above, or flashed in constellation, wrote in characters of fire the fates of heroes and empires. Within its recesses too, the roan of power and blond had plunged into those for bidden studies, which shook sovereigns from their thrones, disturbed popes and conclaves with new terrors, filled nations with sudden tumults, and laid waste the happiness of hu man nature. But here, he was declared, by the tongue of all Italy, to have laid the foun dation of his incomparable success; to have discovered the mPHns of overthrowing all re sislanco in the field, and baffling all reBolve in the council ; to have found wealth inex haustible, knowledge that surpassed the reach of the human mind, sagacity that nothing could perplex, and strength that nothing could over whelm, and to have paid, for all, the fearful price of his own soul. Such was the legend; i and when Carara entered the cell where this extraordinary being had so often trod that his spirit seemed to haunt the place, he shud dered as he saw transcribed on the wall above I his head, the lines of Armsto. ' Eccelino i-lminamssiino tirrano. Che lia ere.liit-i '!,'»« del demonio. But there is nothing which decays mo e rapidly than tlw imagination iri i prison. The first day's solitude, the second day's solitude, and the third day's solitude drove every phan tom fmm li'ispreJence. The age of poetry was no more ; the clank of the sentinel' pike, tnd the rattle of lh« jwlofs «T Vi h««n lim from the dominion of magic, and he began o descend in thought to that world, to which ie was never likely to descend in reality, but -n his way to the scaffold. A prison strips off the embroidery of life prodigiously ; and in the course of this opera iion Carara discovered that he had a wife and C 'That wife he had purchased at the cost of the only struggle which had marked his silken existence. Julia di Monteleone had been the most celebrated beauty of the court of Milan, had been sought in sonnets, and serenades, in love, and even in marriage by a hundred ca valiers of the highest grade, had laughed at all, scorned many, repelled some with open contempt, and finally taken refuge from the universal storm of sighs in the Palazza di Ca rara, to which she brought a large dower, a noble alliance, the handsomest face in Italy, and one of the highest hearts that ever spoke in coral lips and diamond eyes. The choice was made, like all the choices of women, by the eye : Cars™ was the finest figure, the finest dancer, and the most brilliant in his equipages of any of the myriad who paid their homage at the shrine of the lady's loveliness. The point was then decided. The prize, however, was not to be won in a nation of swordsmen and dagger-bearers, without its hazard; It cost, him three duels with the indignant suit ors, and had nearly cost him his life, by a sturdy blow of a dagger in his side, as he was in the act of handing his bride elect into her chariot at the door of the Grand Opera. He fell covered with blood, languished for a month on the verge of death, was cheered by the beautiful lady's redoubled protestations of living or dying with him, and recovered only to be the most envied husband from the Alps to the Apennines. But this was but a thunderbolt plunged into a lake; it flashed, blazed, and shook the waters from shore to shore ; it was extin guished, and the waters were as smooth as glass again, no breath disturbing their blue complacency, the quiet mirror of the quietest of all skies. Carara had brought his noble bride to his palazzo, showed her to the homage of his hundred domestics in new costumes of scarlet and gold, walked with her through his spacious apartments, marble floored, and glow ing with the frescoes of Giorgione and Spag nolet ; had pointed out to her vivid glance the Titians, the Kaphaels, and the Tintorets ; had unfolded the purple curtains which had con cealed the virgin loveliness of the Madonna of Corregio from the profaner eye ; had given a concert to her on her arrival, and a ball to the podetla, and every soul that called itself noble for ten leagues round Padua ; and then —returned quietly to Ins tranquil career, sue sided out of the world's hearing, lapsed into Elysian slumber ; listened to the murmurs of his fountains, and the cooi.ig of his doves, till they both sent him to sleep, and wrapping his soul in more than all the silks and velvets of the land, he prepared himself to dream through the world. The heart, stifled by the trappings of pros perity, often learns to bear only when the trappings are plucked away. Carara, the pri soner in his cell, was a different being from Carara the elegant, but weary voluptuary, in his palace. The vision of his wife and child came before him, and made him often forget the massive beams and Iron stanchels that stood between him and those whom he loved. He revolved the hours which he had flung away, the enjoyments he had flung away with them ; resolved, if his fortunes should turn again, to disdain the silver stream of lifo.and think of the surge; to 6how himself fit for something better than the master of French valets, and the companion of Spanish lap dogs ; to take the goods that rank, wealth, ind nature gave, and be a noble, a husband, , ind a father, and worthy of the names. But his prison-bars were still as strong as ever, the cell as high from the ground, trie jailor as sullen, and the day as soli tary. To bribe the vigilance of the turn, keys was hopeless ; for the first act of justice was to strip him of every ducat. To address the governor's reason was equally hopeless ; for the strict ordpr of the governor was, that the prisoner should have no means of making any appeal. To summon the public to the de cision of his rights and wrongs, must be defer red until there ffias a public ; or until he could find an Italian in existence who cared an inch of macaroni for the rights and wrongs of any thing on earth. The feeling of solitude grew painful, bitter, agonizing, intolerable. The Far nienli life never had such a trial, and never was more torturing. Carara would have ex changed his being with that of any Lazzarone that begged and burned in the noon of any city of hovels in the realm. Books, the pen cil, music, all the resources of a life of idle ness, of gracefulness, or of industry, were alike forbidden to him. He felt himself day by day more mercilessly cut off from mankind, receding hourly from existence, turning into B wild beast, degenerating into the uselessness of a stock or a stone, and regretting only that with their uselessness he had not their insen sibility. The sting of all this wretchedness was en venomed by it« uncertainty. If his enemies, or their instrument the governor, had declared to him that his imprisonment was to be for a year, or fifty years, or to lay him in the grave, he might have prepared himself for the duration ; he might have braced up his mind for a cala mity of which he knew the extent ; he might have said to himself, joy and hope are shut out for ever. I shall seek and struggle for them no more. My dungeon must be looked on as my final home, I rnuBt sternly conform myself to ruin. I must look upon my impri sonment only as a slower death, and lie con tented as I may. But from the tower of Padua ' he might be released at a moment, or never. He might return to his own roof, or never lie i down under its shelter. While lie was speak ? ing, the order might be at his prison doors for \- restoring him to the arms of his wife and child, ; or the merciless spirit that had torn them ) asunder migh be darkly decreeing an eternal t separatiou to them all. But it was the doubt, ? the near posblbility of the enjoyment, (hat made him still nurture his .W'^, '«colgj not heroically harden himself to endure. He the nuick brain of Carara to see phantoms, Icep to allow of his aiscerni.,K u.«= ?«''?' f the man who stood before, him ; but his t oice, lowered to a whisper as it was, showed t hat he was not the rugged old Trasteyerin, I vho had hitherto so stubbornly refused to listen , o a syllable from him. Hope killed wildlr n his forlorn heart, he sprang on his feet, wad leslred the jailor to name the P'«? of J« *: liverance. The answer was a plain one, and true one: « That if the Count Carara was ? o escape, it was not ^ money that would , make it worth any man's while to help him , I ror the Count Carara was for the last three , months not worth a sequin iu the world. The , news smote heavy on the ears of the prison er: but he had not heard it (or the first time, t 'had been part of the governor's insulting communication on his arrest. Yet it now came with a weight of which he once could have formed no conception. Money had poured in upon him in a flood from his fnfanyc; and he had learned to think of it no more than of the air which he breathed, as a common privi lege of a certain rank, and the easy pledge of the pleasures of that rank. But now it was life or death. The sum which he had lavished on a toy or a trinket, might have the differ ence to him of a career of wretchedness or of peace, of a life dragged out in the bitterness of chains, or of calmness, freedom and honor. He now sunk down upon his couch, in that dejection of heart which bids a man welcome the worst; and before he could conceive any new mode of ooftening his Cerberus, the door was closed, the jailor gone, and the unhappy prisoner left to his despairing meditations. The hours lingered on, midnight came, and as Carara was beginning to imBgine that bis mind had played him false, and that he was still in the hands of the old taciturn Trasteverin, the door opened again, the jailor stood at his side, showed him a soldier's cap and cloak, and bade him put them on, and follow him with out a word. The count eagerly followed his direction. But in a moment after, the sin gularity of secrecy in a jailor awoke his sus pir.ions. He started back. » If 1 am to die, let me die in the face of my countrymen, by no base and clandestine end.' The jailor made no reply, but by opening the door, and point ing to the deep stair of the tower. A gush of fresh air that sprung up from the bottom struck across the count's senses with a feeling or free dom. He hesitated uo longer ; but step for step silently followed bis grim guide. The gush of air had told the truth. The door at the foot of the tower was open. The sentinel was either drunk, asleep, or bribed. They passed, as unchallenged as ghosts, wound their way through a dozen obscure streets, and al last reached an inn. A low whiBtle announced their coming ; a wicket was openea, a n»u thrust out to reconnoitre ; half a door unbar red, and the count caught by the arm, anc suddenly dragged in. Carara was bold, and his first impulse was to retort this violence but a voice at his side at once astonished am restrainfc.'Jiim. The light of a lamp that filled the cIC* Fiosphere with the strongest efflu via rt own/ .ovine oil, the strongest in the circuit u-Vie earth, glimmered feebly but sufficient °, on the countenance of his Hun garian friend. The Herr Balto had been his preserver. [To be continued.] On the second reading of the Irish Reform Bill, which is of the lame character of all steps for the good of Ireland, Captain Gordon 'took occasion to eulogise the Protestants in these remarkable term6 :— *? The Protestants are men who when they draw the sword, throw away the scabbard.' This edifying definition denotes the sense in which the words Protestant and Catholic are sand-ed about. Did it ever striKe tne pious t -apluin, that he was describing a body of - Christians, professing the strictest observance i af the religion of mercy, as men who when I they draw the sword throw away the scab- I bard. In the history of religious sects, such - a definition after the word Protestant, would - have a remarkable effect. The Catholics, on i the other hand, we suppose, are liable to the i reproach of sheathing the sword. ! In Exeter Change, some years ago, there ( was an elephant, which was said to have the faculty of distinguishing good money from bad. A foreigner was invited to try the ex periment, and tendered a crown, which the elephant having secured in his trunk and care fully examined, deposited it on a shelr, which served him for a bank. The keeper lauded the sagacity of the animal so clearly evinced by his acceptance of the good money. The gentleman declared himself quite satisfied of the beast's discrimination, and asked for the crown back again, upon which the keeper said,—' Your honor is welcome to go into the cage to get the money back, but fornoy own part, I dare not attempt such a thing; for lord, sir, that animal's just for all the world like a Christian, and would tear any one limb from limb that did but touch his mosey. I will open the door for your honor to go in, with the greatest pleasure ; but all 1 say is that I had rather not, for I know that he would kill his best friend in the twinkling of an eye, if he did but look at his money ; for, blesn you, sir, he is just like a Christian.' This idea of a Christian corresponds pretty exactly with Captain Gordon's descrip tion of a Protestant.— Examiner. Resemblances.— Personal resemblances are, no doubt, frequently 60 strong as to be con founded easily. I knew an instance of a person paying who, his addresseB to one sister, and offering to the other by mistake, was accept ed and married ; aud he did not discover the blunder until he found his spouse cared not for the charms of music, an accomplishment which the original object of his affections pos sessed. I also knew of an instance in which a person ran away with a young lady, where he thought he had made a sudden conquest; but it turned out tliat she mistook him for his bro ther. Since, however, the ancients personified love as blind, some little mistakes are not to be wondered at, although, to the cool obser vant eye of the naturalist, the trifling descre pancies overlooked occasionally, will always be manifest,— Metropolitan Magazine. European Sheep.— Nearly every country in Europe has its own raoe of sheep. These again are subdivided into peculiar varieties arising from difference of climate, food, treat! ment, and intermixture. European sheep vary considerably in size and form ; but the most important difference Is in the quantity and quality of the wool, it being thin in some dense in others, coarse or fine, more or less elastic, &c.; Of the German sheep there are he following varieties :— Tite friesland about I hree feet high and four in length, producing I i coarse wool about four or five inches long I t yields two lambs in the year, is strong, and I snaures winter even in the open air. It is I lound in the marshes of Schlenswick, near I ausurn,inFriesland, in the environs of Bremen I n Holland, &c;, and if put upon inferior pas. I lure, soon degenerates and becomes smaller. I The Eyderstaedt. which is somewhat smaller, I laying long wool on the back, and very short I lair on the belly and thighs. The Spablan, I ilso termed Zaubelscbaff, fon£#fn different parts of Suabia and Franconia. It is small, lambs twice yearly, and produces about two pounds of fine wool, like floss silk. It is soon attacked by the wet. The heather sheep, also called Hejdschnucke, one of the smallest I kinds, found on the heaths of Luneburg, in the environs of Bremen. It is commonly horned, with black face and legs, and has a lively wild disposition. It is clipped twice 'a year, yielding each time about a pound and a half of long cparse wool. The method of twice clipping-lias been generally adopted in large flocks, amongst sheep bearing a second ary quality of wool. The Spieglschaffe, found in Mecklenburg. Franconia, &c;, with a blue woolly ring round the eyes, may be consider ed a sort of German sheep produced by inter mixture. The Polish sheep resembles the Ger man sheep in size and wool. The Danish is distinguished by a smooth head, erect ears, and wild disposition. The wool is coarse, mingled with stiff hairs. The Norwegian is said to be a description of it, but improved by a cross of the English and Spanish. The Swedish a cross breed of the Spanish, has lately been much improved. It had originally but little wool, end that of a coarse quality. The Belgian, Flemish, and Flanders sheep, are nearly ten feet in length and weigh about two hundred weight. They originally came from the West Indies, and are remarkable for fecundity, producing several Iambs in the year. The wool is middling. The Dutch sheep are a species of them. The Hungarian sheep, like the Moldavian, have a very long, coarse, and inferior wool, and the flesh is very fat and unpalatable. 