LITERARY SELECTOR. A BOROUGHMONGBa'S DEATH. From the HsniLi Mkujik. 11 He lies,— a reforming rascal '.-I'm not at death's door, am I ?— Answer me truly, and tell him at once, face to face, that he's a lying Republican Whig. Tell hfm to, Dawson, and I'll do something handsome for you. He a phy sician ! — a ranting, radical rapscallion ! — Who sent for him t Let him go croak elsewhere 1 why, if I:d let him, he'd poison me in a pre scription, out of party Bpleen— a speecn makiog, innovatingjlerret 1-fWbo took me from the hustings ? Call my fellows and carry me back! Hand me my crotches ! How stands the poll? Brave, shout— shout, my lads— we're a hundred a head ! Three cheers for the loyal orange, and a groau for the beggarly Blue! Hurrah 1 Hurrah! Hurrah!' The patron of the borough now dropped on his pillow again, and for a few moments re mained calm. 'This is a terrible scene, Mr. Dawson,' said the physician. ' Awful,' replied the apothecary :— ' he won't believe that his end i'b at hand.' ' Had we not better retire ?' 'You can do as you pleasej Dr. Clarering; but Sir Jacob has been my friend, and I shall remain ; for, since the result of oar consultation transpired, his very servants have deserted hhn; even Warbery, his fonfidential agent, has just cone out to give his vote for the oppo site party. Hark ! the Blues are shouting to welcome the recreant. Sir Jacob hears them, he revives again.' ' What en expression of horrid joy his face assumes,' whispered Clavering. ' Hurrah ! Another plumper !' cried the dying baronet. «* To the poll ! To the poll ! Flock up, Flock ap !— Warbery,— tell Smith if his sons don't come to my nominee's booth within an hour, I'll eject him. Remind him of his old mother's bond. Talk to me about the hag's being bed-ridden, indeed ? 1 say, let judgment go, if they don't come up.— The Smiths ! The Smiths ! Uoom for the Smiths, there— all seven of em ! I dreamt the villians had voted for the new party— at the head of a regimentof ny tenants— the daring vagabondsl It struck me to the heart 1— my crutches tot tered beneath me ; and when I came to my self, there I was on a flock-bed, in the wretched poor-house. But it's a lie— dreams are lies— the curse of life, Dawson it's a lie, I say !' -* It would he wrong in me, Sir Jacob,' said th« apothecary, ' not to tell you, that what you suppose to be a dream, has actually taken place.'' ' Ha ! ha! ha !— Why rascal!' ' I implore ye to be calm, and hear me out, before you utterly exhaust yousetf. The un expected circumstance of a band of those on whom you had depended, voting against your nominee, produced each a shock as, we are certain, a man of your great age, and long standing infirmities cannot possibly survive. Your friends have no apology to make for having brought you into the poor-house, because, as yon ere well aware, it is the near est asylum to those fatal hustings. Your time is short, Sir Jacob; and, as I know yon have nothing worldly to settle— your estates being all firmly entailed— I solemnly advise you to occupy your parting moments iu prayerand pe nitence.' 'What's all this? How dare you? Why, scoundrel, you're a renegade— a whig— a re. generator— a visionary— a march of intellect fool— a devotee of the new lights— a school master abroad— another Clavering I Is this my return for allowing y«u £300 a year to keep ud mv interest among: vour patients?' ' He's getting delfrfbus, again, Dr. Cluves ing,' saidthe apothecary, ' we, had, as you say, better retire.' 11 For taking op the dishonored bill they said your brother had forged !— for giving you— villian that you are—' 'Quite raving, yon hear, doctor: to re main longer would be madness— let us send in some of the paupers. Come along. The whig physician now evinced no inclina tion to withdraw, but the borough apothecary shuffled him oat of the room, talking, as they departed, loud enough to drown the upbraid ing baronet's voice. In a few moment!) a pale troop of psup«r« entered, and ranged themselves about Sir Jacob's head. ??What) Eh! How now !' exclaimed the baronet. ' A call of the House ! Pair off Pair off! Withdraw, 1 say— Strangers with draw !' ' Ah, squire,' feebly uttered a grey-headed man, 'I shall see you eut after all thanks be to God !'— ' Order ! Order ! John ! Warbery ! Tom kick that shrivelled carcase off. I know him 1 Thirty years ago— I haven't seen him since re turned a Blue. What I Here still! I thought I had thirty thousand a-year and kept ser vants.' ' Thou didst truly,' replied an old woman, ' but they ha* deserted tfaee in thy dying hour. Pray— if thou hast a spark o' grace— to be for given, for turning my poor old husband— thy foster-brother, Sir Jacob— off the bit o' land he'd monured with the sweat of his brow, and all because he couldn't vote for a villian of a lord, who ruined and then left our only child to perish of want and shame.' ' D— n thec, cried the old man, if tbea hadst but a little more life in tbee, I'd knock it out wi' my crutch.' ' When flesh is ninety, Richard,' said ano ther woman, interfering,' 'tis a pure taking the bread out of death's mouth to kill it. He wants to doze and not bear us ; bat I will wake him as if my voice was the last trump. Let me get up to his ear. Hulloat Halloa! Sir Jacob 1 Sir Jatob! Your borough's afire, and they're going to fry your soul in the flames! Get up! Get up 1 your cratches are burnt, and there's no hope, if you can't use your legs.' ' My carriage!— Warbery '. Tom {—Murder Nobody here who knows me !— all fiends— all radicals! Dame Glesaon, you used to be a Tory—' *' Aye, but you cured me o' that, Sir Jacob. Who levied on me for rent after I had paid it, because my brother wouldn't vote for the cursed Orange I' \-- Who bought up my debts, and made me a bankrupt V ' Who built a pig-stye opposite my door!' ' Who caused my son to be taken by the press-gang ?' ' Who disputed my title to lands which my i fore-fathers hnd enjoyed for ages, end after having ruined me by litigation, got them at half price, by domineering over the bidders f ' Who turned the stream that worked my 'Who brought all of us, and hundreds more, to the work- house f' 'Howl— howl curses in his ear! Shriek horrors to his departing spirit.' ' A vaunt, wretches, beldames, paupers I Phantoms of those I've heard of 1— Warbery, rouse me from this dream !' 'It's all reality, Sir Jacob. I told you, forty years ago, you'd die miserably, in a sorry work-house— and here you are— gasping your last breath among your victims. Dog, ?on have had your day. ' 'You lie, Ghost!— Warbery, set fire to them 1 More air— more air ! They want to smother me: Warbery, open the windows, aod tell me how stands the poll !' ' All against Orange, Sir Jacob ; its reign is over. Your eye* are glazed, and your lips blue. Do you fancy you're picking butter cups T' ' No, devils— legions of little ones crawling on the counterpane— off with 'em, Warbery— look to the treasury bench.' 'Ah 1 Death is at hand, Sir Jacob ?' ' It's a lie t I'll see out the session ! Mr. Speaker, I appeal to you !' ' In hBlf an hour your account will be cast ing up.' *' Warbery, hurl them to— ' 'He's busy canvassing against your nomi nee. Forget him, and think of your sins. Death is coming.' 'Keep him off! I'm not ready! ADOther time— to-morrow ! I won't have him. Give me my crotch— summon the Serjeant-at-Armi —he wants to close with me— Warbery, punch his bony head— hold him hard— kick him down stairs— be clutches my throat— I'll enfranchise the borough— —Radical Reform— Warbery War — ' As he uttered the last syllable, Sir Jacob was tefced with violent convulsions which, in a few moments, carried him off. 