| HEilitary Anecdote. j "You are to start to-morrow to join the | old corps, in which I served for ten years," said the jolly 'Squire Hazlemere to his I eldest son. " Upon looking at the Army $ List," continued he, " I do not see a single | man of my own standing : some are dead, | some have left the army, and the few what | remain in it are of very high rank. I should g have been a general myself had I not sold | out ; but a wife and a family, parliamentary | duty, and what I liked better than all, my 1 pack of fox-hounds, made me turn my atten- l tion to taking care of my acres and my I health, and of leading a peaceable life. The I army, in my time, was quite another thing I to what it is now: there was Jack Muster, I as great a Martinet as any in the service; I he had good borough interest, and got to be i a major-general without ever seeing the face of an enemy beyond, a dun or an attorney— j the apothecary or the tailor, with their 1 s?iipe-like bills about the end of the year; J and Sir Brown Stout Maltby, the son of the I brewer, who bought himself into quality and I army rank together, and who now enjoys ) his otium cum dignitate; and Jack Tenor, ? who never was with his regiment, but who £ ' fought his way daily-through two courses, and a dessert, and was kept on the staff until the brevets came out, singing second , all the time to men of quality ; but now that's all up, success, say I, to the old long- i tailed cavalry regiments! Why it would 1 have required -an act of parliament to move I one of them ; great bodies move slowly, 1 Jack ; so it was with us ; but now the I Duke has curtailed our comforts, and we are made light of— that regiment which yoiv \ are about to join was (very heavy) in my \ time, although it is now cut down to a" light \ dragoon one; however, we are now in; I piping times of peace; and I am sure that: The 'Squirfi was a great body too. if ever you should be called to draw your sabre in Old England's cause, you'll behave like a man. Zooks ! even I would turn out, old as I am, with my yeomanry corps ; but you had better have a lunch, and take my carriage to join the mail ; draw for what money you like, Jack, only don't overdo it ; don't come it too strong. Shake hands, Jack, and be off, never mind mother's non sense — off with you. Ah ! by the bye, I see the family name of Lord Bothertown in the regiment ; I think that must be the son of my old college friend and brother magis trate, and I should like tc know what's be come of the two Starts of racing fame who were in the corps a few months back. Come Jack, be quick, time presses — you'll be glo rious drunk the first day, but it's what one may expect ; don't overdo it, Jack, don't come it too strong—" medio tutissimus ibis"- — a thing d — d bard to do after a first mess-dinner : but if the officers are as good fellows as my comrades were, you'll will be as happy as a king (and long may ours be happy) ; we had but one heart and one purse amongst us in my time. Now comes the cliaise — farewell, Jack ; bowl away, but don't overdo it, don't come it too strong ; spare the poor greys — to 'em, my boy, off you go." Thus spake a kind-hearted father to his eldest son setting out to join his regi ment. We shall omit his journey, and con sider him as arrived at an out-quarter, there to be attached to a troop. The idea of now unhanking in stylish life was delightful to the young Cornet ; he was thinking all the way about the hard drink, and about his regimentals, and anticipating the friendships which he should form with the pearls of good fellows : he had plenty of cash and credit ; nay, even if they failed, there would be but one heart and one purse amongst his bro ther-officers and himself. At length he ar rived. He asked at the head inn for his Captain ; a smart non-commissioned officer standing on the steps replied, " the com manding officer has private lodging, but you will probably find him at his stables, or at the bidiard-table he was at neither. He then returned to the inn, where he was in troduced to the lieutenant, Mr. Lackintown, the son of a rich India director : he was in his robe de chambre, but booted and spurred : he was extended on a sofa, a poodle dog at his feet, a cigar in his mouth, and he was reading a work of Monsieur Pigault Le Brun's: he bowed superciliously to the Cornet, and, on learning that he has come to join, he insipidly got out, " Ah! very well ; sit down a moment and I will slip on a coat, and conduct you to Captain Bloom's. He offered him the newspaper, which he had time almost to spell, besides running over the racing calender, and taking a peep at sundry old volumes of greater notoriety than worth. The lieutenant at last appeared in a regimental tunic, splendidly embroi dered with silk, and a foraging-cap rakishly put on, and he conducted Jack Hazlemere into the Captain's. Jack had half extended his hand towards his brother officer, and felt an inclination to take him by the arm, but the lofty deportment of the Lieutenant repulsed him. On the way the latter ob- served, " You know who Bloom is— the Honourable Captain Bloom — a son of Lord Lavenders ; he is one of the best fellows on earth, blow me ; the easiest creature breath- ing, good-natured to a fault: he leaves all the discipline of the troop to me, and I shall be happy to make you as confor table as I can." Thanks were expressed. Arrived at the Captain's private lodgings, his French valet announced les deux Messieurs, and ,the Honourable Captain was found with a large table covered with cards before him, habited in a yellow satin dressing-gown, his hair in papers, morocco slippers, his neck open, and appearing as if in petticoats, from having on a pair of Greek pantaloons of enormous dimensions, the curiosity of which he much prized. He nodded familiarly to Hazlemere, and thus addressed Lackin town : " I say, Lack, what a d — d bore this is ; I have been four hours making the com bination of numbers of times that the co lours may run at rouge et noir, and can make neither head nor tail of it, although I gave Count Robamano 25 Naps to teach me the ca'culation : it is bad taste to pay one's money for nothing." " If it arn't, blow me," answered the Lieutenant, "But," con tinued the Captain (with a long vacant stare), " ce Monsieur, who have I the plea sure of seeing in the person of your friend ? It's bad taste not to know qui nomine gaudet (as we used to say at Harrow), the certain individual presented"— — (what nonsense thought Hazlemere)—" the Cornet came to join," said Lackintown ;" " glad to see you," cried the Honourable Captain Bloom. Here Jack could not resist offering his palm, and he received in return the index-finger of his commanding officer. It was now six, and they separated to dress : this was the fourth toilette of the Lieutenant ; he rode out, first in mufty ; then came in and put on the robe de chambre of Farisian manufacture ; the \- tunic succeeded this ; and the undress uni- form was assumed for dinner. At seven the bugle announced dinner at the mess, which consisted of only three, the officers of the troop. Jack thought of how drunk he should be, but resolved to follow dad's ad vice and not to overdo it, nor come it too strong — (all men have their silly cant words ; bad taste was that of the Captain— blow me that of the Lieutenant). Seated at table, the commanding officer took the head of the table, Lackintown the foot, the Cornet the right side, and an empty chair was set for Napoleon, the poodle (so the animal was nominated). A German servant waited on one dandy, and a French valet attended the other. " Who made the thoup ?" (soup) lisped out Bloom. " C'est moi," said the Frenchman. " C'est bon," accented the captain, " it's had taste to have one's soup fabricated by a she cook, or a native. Will you have a thpoonfulV ' (to Hazlemere) — The waiter now looked in — " turn out the waiter," whispered the Hon ourable to bis foreign attendant, " it's bad taste to have a common waiter behind one's chair." If I don't hate that fellow, blow me," exclaimed Lack (as he was justly called) " he smells so cursedly of the bar, and 1 hate every thing about the bar, from the Chief Justice to the crier of the Court." This caused a cold smile. Hazlemere could have taken another spoonful of soup, but a motion from the chair banished it : a little wine was poured into each glass ; " slow and sure," thought the Cornet ; it was slow but not sure : the Lieutenant filled his glass with water ; not a look was cast from one to the other : the fish was now set up. ' What game have we?" inquired Broom. " Noting bot rin fasant," answered the German — " Alive das is besser as nicht." " Yes, niched indeed, blow me," ejaculated Lackintown; " the woodcocks have not come down by the coach as "promised ; the devil — — Here the Captain interposed: " don't be in a passion, Lack, it's bad taste to heat oneselj." A made dish and the pheasant, a jelly and a charlotte , completed the repast. " What cheese ?" lisped the progeny of Lavender. " Stilton," said one of the attendants. " I can't eat Stilton, blow me," was the remark of Lack. " I shall braing same Parmesan," quoth the Frenchman. " Well and good," observed the Captain," it's bad taste to eat English cheese. Have we a pine 1" — ' Oh yes ; and some grapes sent down jrom Gunter's"—" and olives V'—" Oh yes." " A hard drink now," said the young 'Squire to himself ; and not having hulf dined, anticipated devilled drum sticks, and all the inflamatories of the old dragoon sys tem : he was also prepaiing to drink the King in a bumper, the regiment in another, fox-huuting standing on the table, and had cleared his voice for a rutt/ing song; but all was piano; one glass of maderia, one of champagne, mid two of claret ; the Lieutenant called for sugar and water after dinner, on the cloth's being removed. During dinner the Captain received three scented billets ( not soldiers' billets ); a fourth new came, and he gently exclaimed," J must be off to Vic- torine. Alphonse," (the French servant ,) " bring coffee." On his retiring, the second in command con gratulated Hazlemere on falling into such a crack corps ; assured him that his mess would only cost him a guinea per day ; let him into the secret of his com manding officer's having a chSre amie, which occasioned him to withdraw, andwas sorry, How me, that liecould not take another glass or tivo if win e on account of a trifling indisposition. " Drinking," said he, " at best plays the devil with a man's complexion : but have you brought down alight mail?" " I came in themuil," replied the Cornet. " Nonsense ; but have you not a four-in-hand concern V' " No." — " Nor a tandem?" " No." — Noracimicle?" " No." — " Blow me, that won't do; the Captain will call that bad taste ; he has two carriages, and ten horses." Hazlemere informed him that he had a couple oj seasoned hunters and a hack, and that he meant to consult his brother officers as to purchasing a charger. " True, true," said Lack intown ; " but you must have some sort of a tub, a cabriolet, stanhope, or break-neck, and a nog or two more concluding by telling him that the regiment had private races occasionally, and a tandem club all this lime he was amusing himself by listening to his musical snuff- box. " By the bye," resumed he, ' you don't take snuff ; we must teach you that habit, and you must provide yourself with a Hookav ;" so saying he took up a light , and apologizing for having letters to write, he went up to his chamber. The. young Cornet sai down to write to his father in the lowest possible spirits, he called for a glass of brandy and water, and afte r contrasting the bold dragoon, the gene ous jeltow of his father's time, with the selfsh muscadin of the day, wished himself heartily at home again under the hospi table roof of Hazlemere Hall, then repeating " tempora mutantur ," in a sad tone, he went to bed sadly sober, disappointed and disgusted , and waked, d ing the modern crack corps of dragoons to the sound oj'the bugle. . N. B. Lord Bothertown's son had been ruined in the regiment, and had gone to France ; the two Starts were in the King's Bench— a pretty prospect for the young Cornet! March of Intellect.— -The following anecdote shows the effects of teaching by rote as practised incertain schools, three brilliants whom we call No. i, No. 2, and No. 3, were accustomed to reply to the question, "'In whom do you believe!" thus : No. I, ' In God the Father" — No. 2, " In God the Son," and No. 3, " In God the Holy Ghost." The question was asked, In whom do you believe!" No. I, " In God the Father"— No. 3, « In God the Holy Ghost" — "What!" said the examiner, « you should say, in God the Son" — " No, 8ir," answered No. 3, ' 1 believe in God the Holy Ghost— that ere boy (pointing to the misplaced No. 2,) believes in God the Son" — " You are a bright star," said the examiner, ' pray have you been confirmed!" " No," was the instant rejoinder, but I've been waccinated. The Best of the Bad. — At a large con cert, a testy old fellow, who had suffered much annoyance from the incessant coughing of his neighbour behind him, turued round with " That's a very bad cold you've got, sir which met with this gentle reply, "I am sorry for it, sir, but it is the best I have." Ingenious Parsimony . — Old L, the printer, never went to the play except on a Saturday ; as he was very careful of his health, he always provided himself with a large greatcoat; but as this would be an inconve nience to him in the ttieatre, and lie dreaded coffee-house expenses, he used to pawn it previously to going in, and redeem it when he came out. This proceeding cost him only a halfpenny, and he would remark, " I could not leave it in a public-house without tak ng a glass of porter, £c that's three halfpence. ! When the Declaration of Independence l was under the. consideration of Congress, there were two or three unlucky expressions in it, which gsve offence to the members. The words Scotch and other auxiliaries,' ex. cited the ire of a gentleman or two of that eountry. Severe ! strictures on the conduct of the British King, in negativine ( our repeated repeals of the law which permitted the im- ! portalion of slaves, were disapproved by some southern I gentlemen, whose reflections were not yet matured to the 1 abhorrence of that traffic. Although the offensive cxpres sions were immediately yielded, those gentleman continued 1 depredations on other parts of the instrument. I was sitting by Dr. Franklin, who perceived that I was not in sensible to the mutilations. " I have made it a rule " said i he, " whenever if is in my power, to avoid becoming the 1 draughtsman of papers to be reviewed by a public body. I I took my lesson from an incident which I will relate to" you. AVhen I was a journeyman printer, one of my com ! panions, an apprentice hatler, having served his time was about to open a shop for himself. His first concert was 1 to have a handsome signboard, with a proper inscription I He composed it in these words:- J. hn Thompson," f Natter, makes and sells hats for ready money,' with the figure of a hat subjoined. But lie thought he would submit ft to his friends for their amendments. The first he showed it to, thought the word halter (autologous, because followed ! by the words makes hats, which shewed lie was a hatter- > It was struck out. The next observed that the word makes " : might as well be omitted, because his customers would not care who made the hats ; if good and to their mind, thev would buy, by whomsoever made. He struck it out a third said bethought the words < for ready money were useless, as it was not the custom of the place to sell on credit ; every one who purchased expected to pay Thev were parted with and the inscription now sioodf « John Thompson sells hats. Sells hats? says hisnext friend ; why j the ! LWnf r,X,:eCt yi I t0 ffiVe U,em away- W»at then is fnii« i-i n m " was slricken «t. and ' hats' followed it, rather as there wasone painted on the board ao his inscription was reduced ultiinaiely to John Thoino" son, with the figure, of a hatsubjoined. P ! President Jefferson." Grinding Retort.— During the " Iron reign of Toryism," a celebrated tobacconist, residing not i one hundred miles from St. James's-street, called upon ! Lord E in '« the way of business.,' The conversation ! tak.ng a political turn, the Knight of " Pigtail" an,t 'Short-cut" ventured to mi\ke some cutting remarks on the impolitic measures of the Government in the exaction of taxes. The Minister, at length, getting into a rage, which he had not sufficient strength of mind to dissemble rose from his seat, and. ringing thebcll, observed," You are a pretty fellow, truly, to talk to me in litis manner about politics. Go home, Sir, and grind your snuff." To this Tory- retort-this sniail-pounderof a Cabinet Minister- -the worthy tobacconist coolly, yet sarcastically, replied- " " Grind my snuff! it's better to grind snuff, than grind a Suuff''" ' The peplc are' ut lc"eU,» ecttins " up to Important Sporting Trial. — At .the Stafford Assizes an action was tried, brought by Brown of Bridgnorth, against Mr. Beardsworth, of Birmingham' to recover £200, being the stake deposited by the plaintiff when he fought Phillip Sampson last spring, at Doncaster For the plaintiff it was proved that at the fight Sampson was not able to come to time, and Brown was declared the winner ; but as there had been foul play Brown did not de mand the 4001., but only his own money, which Beards- worth refused until the umpire and referee should be con sulted. He was then warned not to pay the money to Sampson. On the part of the defendant it was proved that he had, soon after the fight, paid the stakes to Sampsou who ought to be accounted the winner. The Judge left it to the Jury to deciito whether the defendant cons'dered Sampson the winner, and had paid him the slakes before he had been warned not to do so. The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff' damages 200/. IIo,io to raise a Light. — A few nights ago a comical blade, a great smoker, was wending his way towards home ill the suburbs, "puffing sorrow away ' when a blast from the N. E very uncourteonsly blew tlU cigar from his cheek, and extinguished it. In this dilemma perceiving a light in an attic, he began to call "Fire 1" with the lungs of a Sten'or. The noise and time nast twelve o'clock -brought an elderly man to the window, who, throwing up the sash in a state of alf. ight, demanded' ' Where is the fire!" The friend to Havannah, very coolly made answer, f I trust, my old boy, it's with you, for my Cuba's g' lie out, and I just want a light." At Sir Gore Ouseley's audience of leave, he begged the Shah of Persia graciously to tell him wliat was the number of his children, that lie might give his own monarch correct information on so interesting a subject, provided, as was probable, lie should make an in quiry, « A hundred and fifty-four son9," replied the ife Shah. " May 1 venture to ask your Majesty how many children?" The word daughters, according to the rules of Oriential etiquette, he dared uot to pronounce, and, indeed, the general question was, according to Persian notions, almost an offence. The King, however, who liked Sir Gore very much, did not take it ill. "Ila, ha! 1 un derstand you," said he laughing, anil called to the chief of his eunuchs — " Musa, how many dnugliters have I "King of kings," answered Musa, prostrating himself on f he face, " five hundred and sixty." \\\ hen Sir Gore Ouge- ley repeated this conversation to the Empress-mother in Petersburgh, she only exclaimed, " Ah, le monstre 1" Madame L. Fay, the Actress. — The father of the great favourite some time since went to consult a somnabulist, who, in the course of her oracular communications, pronounced with great emphasis the words, " Mount Jalut', — " a trea sure" — ' millions buried in the ground." M. Fay ; forthwith engaged himself in the most anxious in quires respecting the traditions of Mount Jalut. He found that according to oral history this hill, was a military station of great importance in the I5th century, and that not less than some twelve millions of treasure lay hidden with it. The result was, that M. Fay went down to Mount Jalut — purchased the right of digging the ground — and collected a con siderable number of workmen and apparatus for ex ecuting the necessary opeiations. The expense of those proceedings have been so grekt as to induce Mad. Fay to make an application to the Courts for the protection of her own and her husband's pro- per ty.- — Gazette des Inbunaux. Generation upon Generation.—, There is at this time residing at Stock a boy, named Hills, the son of an industrious labourer, 'who has five grandfathers living. This extraordinary fact is thus explained : — Farrow, who had a father living, married a young woman named Waldon, whose father was also alive. They had a daughter who married Hills, the father of the boy, who had a father and grandfather living. Thus Hills, sen., Hills, jun., Farrow, sen., Farrow, jun., and Waldon, make the five. Their united ages amount to 332. 