SYDNEY POLICE. Jane Dudley, a little smirking damsel, with a countonanco rather of tallow than of roses, appeared on a summons for returning the loving advances of her fellow servant Thomas by tho an- plication of the fryingpan. Thomas, it would appear, has arrived at years of manhood hut not of discretion, for after enjoying for half a century single blessedness, no sooner did Jane Dudley come to perform tho part of housemaid in his mas ter's establishment, than ho took it into his head to fall violently in love, never doubting for a moment that if lie loved Jane, Jane would, as a matter of course, love him. But bntchelors of fifty years standing may fall into mistakes as well as those of twenty ; and so Thomas found it, for when he cast a sheep's eye at her she told him ho was only a silly calf— -when he asked for her hand, she gave it him in the shape of nbox on the enr. The reason of this ill requital for his love our hero could not very well comprehend, but being a man of mettle, he resolved to shew that he didn't possess too faint a heart to pursue his endeavours for winning his fair Dulcinea. The fact of the matter, however, was that Jane was enamoured of a gallant tailor bard by, who had long since " swore by his bodkin to make her bis bride." Still Thomas persevered with his suit, and although she at first merely contented herself with a laugh at his folly, his importunities at length became so annoying on one occasion when Mr. Stitob was con cealed in the cupboard, and Thomas was descanting on the virtues of sedate elderly husbands, the damsel lost all patience, and capsizing into the fire the steak she was dressing for her more welcome admirer, she banged him with it round and round the room till the tailor, unable longer to restrain his propensity to enjoy the fun, rushed out and at once discovered to poor Thomas the real cause of his ill luck. Finding therefore there was no longer any hope for his love, he magnanimously resolved on revenge, and summoned her for the assault. This Jane did not attempt to deny, and was ordered to find sureties for the more correct appropriation of her fryingpan in future ; on which Thomas walked away dolefully saying— " Lovers who for maids are sighing, Never court them when they're frying, Lest, like me, you feel the weight Of the pan upon your pate." John Henry Winterbottom next advanced to the bar, his arms folded, his air dejected, and his visage as long as the cutwater of a frigate. He was charged with no less a crime than wilfully and foolishly plotting, compassing, and conspiring the death of himself, the said John Henry Winterbottom. The constable who laid tho 'charge stated that' he found him on the point of a. projecting rock in the Domain with a flute, a slice of beef, and a large stone, and thinking from his manner that something extraordi nary was in contemplation, he questioned him on the subject, but could elicit nothing save divers ejaculations on the miseries of life. " Well, Sir," enquired the Magistrate, " and what may be those miseries of which you complain!" " Oh, my wife ! my wife !" was the doleful roply, and there Mr. John Henry Winterbottom stuck, relapsing into his former Jacques-like mood. " But what of your wife !" continued his Worship, " has she ran from you 1" " Oh, no, no," resumed the unhappy gent., " worse than that — worse than that. Such a consummation as that I could resign myself to ; uui wuen t wanieu to nave tea ior my oreaKiast tuis morning, she would insist upon having coffee. Now only think of that — would have coffee and having said thus; much, lie would have relapsed once more iiito melancholy musing, had not the Bench kept him from his reverie by requiring an explanation of his reasou for stationing himsolf on the rock, with the flute, beef, and stone. " The reason," he said, " was very simple. No Englishman could ever think of drowning himself on an empty stomach, so . he took some beef to have a hearty tuck-out before his journey. The stone was to expedite his joumev to the bottom, and with the flute lie intended to play his own dirge when lie got there." From these sensible arrangements it was pretty evident that Mr. John Henry Winterbottom was not over com- .pos, and his wife coming in at the time to seek him, .lie was handed over to her care, and left the Office on her arm, as if nothing had happened. - Robert Dobson was brought up for murdering the : ghost in. Hamlet, in which character he was endea vouring to frighten all the Charleys ho met, but at length fell in with one who, reckoning that he was out on a lark, cut his acting short by clapping him in limbo, lie did not deny the charge ; and as cribing the whole to " wine, mighty wine," paid five shillings for his spree, and withdrew. Thomas Grear, an assigned servant to J. E. Man ning, Esq., was charged with having in his pos session ten bottles of porter, the supposed property of Ms master. The prisoner was employed on a building opposite tho stores, in which were such porter as that found, aud he also slept adjoining the stores, hut had no proper access to them. There was little doubt however, that he had helped himself therefrom, and the Bench committed him to take his trial. Thomas Darling, charged with being a goutleman ; i ho could never soil his lillywbite3 by cooking ; and j when asked to try his hand at gardening, he wished his master to understand that he had not been brought up to rummage the bowels of the earth for a living. He could starve — yes, demme, he could ' starve— but work was altogether beyond las dignity. The Bench, considering that tho said dignity might be rather prejudicial if unaccompanied, sent him to enjoy the otium therewith at links' roundabout for a. few days. j John Male was charged with being very as usual. | John did not deny the fact, but pleaded hard in . extenuation that he had turned over a new leaf, ( and had not been drunk for above a whole week. The Bench, by way of rendering his good resolu tions more stable for the future, sent him to take a bird's eye view of the cabbage stalls. Biddy Newman was also accused of being ex tremely all-overish in the streets at the witching hour of night. "Me drunk!" exclaimed Biddy, turning up her eyes with astonishment on hearing the charge. "Me drunk! Why you tremendous owld willain, to call me drunk as works as hard as a niggur for my little bit o' living, and never drinks nothing at all barrin' now and then a gill or two of the cratur, just for nourishment. Och ! murther ! murther ! Bad manners to ye, ye owld willain ye, to call an honest woman like me drunk. Don't believe him, your Reverence's Worship, lie's ownly a riggin' you, the willain. Och dear ! Och dear! Och dear I that Biddy Newman, that used tc milk Father Clarey's old cow, should ever be oalled drunk by such a willain ! All this lament, how ever, proved of no service to Biddy ; for another constable stepping in to corroborate the statement of the first, and having none of themopusses, she was sent to bewail her fate a couplo of hours in the stooke. 