domestic ftitelltge lUf ♦ kA number of idle vagabonds nre in the nightly bit of sleeping round the lime kilns near the arket Wharf, these kilns are on Government, -round. and area ereat nuisance to the inhabitants -f that part of the town. It is supposed by boats being so handy to the place of resort, and afford ing sure meant of escaping from the Constabulary, that a number of thies and pick-pockets are bar ' bouredinthe neighbourhood-. We Would suggest that a Watch-house should be erected at llrs Wharf, and an ? efficient Police force stationed there, ? Longevity of the Cockatoo.— A person in Castlereagh-street has a Cockatoo, which has been In her possession upwaids of 14 years; it Iwas Obtained from the nest, and is now remarkably ?loquacious. . I To-morrow being the first day of the second ?Term, the Judges will sit in Banco to hear motions nnd dispose - of outstanding cases. Undefended ?issues will be heard on Monday, and the trial oi ?defended causes before Assessors, will commence on Tuesday. Siir Thomas M. Brisbane, formerly Governor of this Colony, has been elected President of the Royal Society-. Edinburgh, in. the room of the late Sir Walter Scott.. DRAMA.— On Saturday evening the Marriage of Figaro and the laughable Farce of Love, Law, and Physic were performed at the Theatre; be tween the Pieces a Theatrical Buget for the first time, as expressed in the bills of the day was given. We would advise the proprietor, if, he,has any re gard for the prosperity of his establishment to allow this to be the first ,and the last Budget, for, a great er failure in theatricals we never witnessed. On Monday night COLMAN'S Comedy of John Bull and THEODORE HOOK'S Farce called Dark- ness Visible were presented to the public for the benefit of Mr. SIPPE, the leader of the Orchestra in the first piece the performance of two Amateurs Mrs. Lara and Mr Arthur Hill, as Mr. and Mrs. Brulgruddery, was excellent and met with unanimous applause. The full Band, of the 17th Regt. attended, and acquitted themselves in good style. In the afterpiece Cooper as Welford and Meredith as Jenkins were quite at home. The Sailor's Hornpipe by Mackie was well received. The house was crowded to excess. I N The Court of Quarter Sessions for Sydney re 1 iumed its sittings urn Wednesday last. 1 His' Excellency \we understand will reside at I Government House Sydney during the ensuing winter. The first part of the new Market-house is nearly finished, and is occupied on Market days by settler and others who find it very convenient* ? ' ? Our readers will observe by an Advertisement in our columns, that the ' Currency Lad' has been ?'exterminated,': the Editor, however flatters him ?elf that the ' blushing Boy,' as he designates hi; Journal, will shortly re-appear. The Editor h-! been forced to confess that he could not conduci Jiis Journal independently. We hope his nex tppearance on the literary stage will be untram I nelled by any undue controul, and we trust, tc I we his own words, (although we confess our igno I ranee of their meaning) that he will be able to give ? us a better specimen of the ? mettle of his pasture. The opening speech of Hie Governor to (lie Le gislative Council which we place in a prominent column, involves matters of the deepest interest to the Colony. It is impossible to do justice to the various topics adverted to in the. short period -which has elapsed. since ils'delivery, but we shall in our nest number comment upon them seriatim. A portion of the Burwood Estate was sold on Wednesday last by. Mr. Bodenham. The land averaged about £85. an acre. We are requested to state that the fainting of one of the ladies at the Theatre on the evening- of last Thursday week, was occasioned, liy the sudden appeaiance of the 'ghost,' in 'the''''C-ra//e Spectre,' and not from the effects . of Cooper's gin as erroneously stated in our last number. The Sydney Dispensary.— A benefit, wil' be shortly given at the Theatre in aid of the funds of the Sydney' Dispensary. . A more .useful Insti tution cannot exist, and although we have reason* a hie doubts of the prudence of the management tinder which it is constantly in debt, we hope, that the philanthropic object of the proprietor, and per formers (who on this occasion are to act gratis) will !beduly appreciated and supported by the Public. We have heard, but we cannot well credit the Tact that some of the Committee are opposed to receiv ing the funds raised from the; Theatre, . on tho ground' that it would be participating in the on- , couragement of vice and immorality. Such cant is disgusting in these days,-r-and we should .like to know if any of these moralists enquire into- the., mode by which the money is acquired which they/ daily put into their private purses. - . h. , .TIieKin'g*s.birlh-day was celebra'.ed at' Govern rV merit House by, a giand Ball and Supper. ;Tlie (Ball was attended by most of the families within 200 miles of Sydney ; and so gay and attractive a scene, and so rriiicri beauty together have not ' before been, seen in this Colony. Dancing was kept up wlh great spirit, till a late hour. There were, we think, upwards of 300 persons present — the exterior of the Government-house was taste fully illuminated with variegated lamps, in John White's .best style, ond. ever-green p ants were ranged along the front veran lali, which imparted an oriental character to the scene. The music was excellent, and the arrangements/ for so large a party were so good as to prevent any confusion.— All was gaiety, and the night passed oil' as such a night should do, without accident or disturbance— and the party pleased with each, other, and their entertainment. . We understand, the gentleman to whom a public dinner has been proposed, declines li 6m personal reasons, to accept of the compliment. Upon the scheme advertised, we commend his prudence. Supreme' Court.-— The' Chief. Justice and Mr. Justice Benton sat on the Equity side of 1'ie Com I on Saturday last, when counsel were heard in the cause «? Hayes ct ttx. y. Cooj.er.' The Court reserved Judgment for, a fuiure dayr On Saturday last the half-yearly inspec tion of the 17th regiment took place on Hyde Park, - s On Tuesday His Excellency the Governor held a Levee at Government House, which. wa« attended by the Judges, nearly all the Public Oilicers, ami principal inhabitants. The 17th .regl. marched to Hyde park and fired a feu de Joy 6 in honour of the day. ?????.' Execution.— On Monday Edward Green, con victed of the wilful murder of Edward Edwards, sullererl death at the usual place of execution in Sydney jail. He appeared totally iudiiierent to the late which a wai tea him. 