mtMcUanicü. The' Sín of Ugliness.-Wo have heard and seen some creatures sentenced to a fatal doom for what was termed their ugliness. A beast or a reptile is ugly; and, therefore, worthy of death 1 Ad- mirable reason ! The most irrational of creatures, if gifted with speech, rould not utter language moro absurd. Who made you a judge of beauty ? We should suppose that the form and the dress which the Creator gave it are the most suitable and decorous. , It is not ugly in the eyes of its own kind, of its conjugal mate, or its young progeny; not so uot so ugly, peradventure, even in your own estimation as you in theirs. If seen with kindred eyes, or with microscopic, philosophic, or religious eyes, it might disclose a thousand marks of beauty escape the observation of thos.e who judge only of the first impression of sense. But gran'ing it ugly, is ugliness a crime, or is beauty a virtue ! Are you yourself an an- gel of beauty, and therefore, worthy of salvation? If so, prove it by exhibiting those graces of mind of which external beauty has been deemed the index. No- thing is so deformed as cruelty. Perso- nify it, and you cannot give it form or fea- tures too disgusting or too rcroltingly odious.-7Vie Fotcc of Humanity. Mr. Sheridan.-As Richard Brins Sheritlan, of eloquent and witty memory, was standing at his window with his first wife, a poor man, selling matches, im- portuned her very much to purchase some; on which Sheridan exclaimed, " My good fellow, you only lose your time. The lady once made a match her- self, and is resolved never to have any thing moro to do with another." Being somewhere about Rotherhithe or Ber- mondsey, on a bill-doing expedition, Mr. Sheridan had occasion to enquire his way, when the person to whom ho ad- dressed himself, put the question to him, " Do you know the Folly Britlge !" " Oh ! very well, indeed," replied he, " I have been over it, but I fear that 1 should lose myself if I went that way again." Laws of Inheritance in Persia. \- When a husband dies in Peisia, his wife or wives (legally married) inherit one-fourth of his property, if there are no children ; if there are, the wife or wives have only one-eighth ; but this is always independent of the dower, or set- tlement, made at the period of marriage. If a man 'eaves an only daughter, or grand-daughter, she has the half of his estate; if two. or more, they have two thirds. If he leave a son and daughters, the son has the share of two females, be- sides becoming, after the shares are al- lotted, the heir general, or residuary le- gatee. African Lakes.-The lakes at Dir kee, have marshy borders; and high salt islands, as if formed by men. They are however, no doubt natural. They abound in carbonate and muriate of soda ; but there are no incrustations on the bottom or surface, as is the case in the Bahr Trona, in Fezzan. Each lake is not more than half a mile in circumference. Alexander the Great and Gog and Magog. -The Mohammedans, con- sidering Alexander the Great as the only monarch who conquered the globe from east to west, gave him the title of ' the two horned,' in allusion to his said conquests, They likenise belierc that Gog and Magog were two great nations ; but that, in consequence of their wicked and mischievous desppsilion, Alexander collected them together, and immured them within two immensely high moun- tains, in the darkest and northernmost parts of Europe, by a most surprising and insuperablo wall, made of iron and copper, of great thickness and height, and that, to the present time, they are confined there ; they believe also, that notwithstanding they are a dwarfish race, from two to three feet in height only, they will one day come out and desolate the world. i Draught of Carriages.-It has | long been a subject of inquiry and inves- , tigation among scientific and mechanical i men, and particularly among the coach makers, whether the draught of carriages is greatest in a short or a long carriage, «nd which is easiest for two horses. For a long period the prevailing opinion has been in favour of the short carriage. To prove the fallacy of this opinion and prac- tice, Mr. Davies, a coachmaker, of ÁVig more-street, has a machine to prove to de- monstration that long carriages are of lighter draught than short ones, conse- quently much easier for the horses, that | the body will be more convenient for the inside passengers, and the luggage be leis burthensoine. A gentleman whose manners are rather pedantic, and who visits a borough in this country on its market-days, required the ostler of the inn, a short time ago to find a stall .for his boise. "We have no room, Sir," was the answer-" But I must have a stall," was the rep'y, " I insist upon it. When I first came to this inn, it was the sine qua non that I should have a stall for my horse ; I,say it was the sine qua non," The ostler, not exactly comprehending Latin, rejoined, " Curse the sign of Queen Amie ; you may go to that sign if yo like ; our sign is the Castle Inn, and here is no room for your horse I say." BULLOCK CURRENCY. — Throughout the kingdom of Bornon, in the centre of Africa, bullocks are the medium of com- merce for every thing. You must give from 100 to 150 bullocks for a good horse, and from 20 to 40 bullocks for a hand- some slave. Cases of Monomania.-Not many i years since I dined with a man of distin- guished abilities. There were other guests at table ; our host wns well, and in the full performance of his intellectual manifestations, when on a sudden he gave signs of salutation to the door of the room ; he welcomed an unseen friend, arose, and handed him a chair, addressed him, received his answers, and maintained the supposed conversation. This gentleman', next day, was completely free from the hallucination. The second example is one which I shnll quote on indisputable authority. It is the history of the epide mic monomania of St. Sounrtl, and never was there a history more curious and ex- traordinary. A battalion of French sol- diers, during the toils and dangers of a campaign, wero inarching on a certain point on a hot and overcoming day, and at double the usual speed. Their strength was 000 men, all hardy, seasoned, and courageous men, careless of danger, des- pising tho devil, and little occupied with the thoughts of ghosts and phantasma- goria. On the night of tho occurrence in question, the battalion was forced lo occupy a narrow and los' balding, barely calculated to accommodate 30Û persons, Nevertheless they slept ; but at midnight one and all were roused hy frightful screams issuing from all quarters of the house, and to the eyes of the astonished, affrighted soldiers, appeared the vision of a huge dog, which bounded in through the window, and rushed with exlraordi heminess and speed over the breasts of the spectators. The soldiers quitted the building in terror. Next night, by the solicitations of the surgeon and chef de battaillon, who accompanied them, they again resinned their previous, quarters. " Wc saw," says the narrator, " that they slept ; wide awake we watched the arrival of the hour of the preceding panic, and midnight had scarcely struck when tlie veteran soldiers for the second lime started to their feet. Again they had heard the supernatural voices ; again the visionary hound had bestrode them to suf- focation. The chef do battaillon and myself heard or saw nothing of these events." Here, gentlemen, is a curious fact, and it is, perhaps, more worthy of attention as it seems to point out the spe- cial operation of physical causes in the production of monomania, and in the di- rection of the'delusion towards the organs, namely, those of respiration, which had chiefly suffered in tbe previous marches, and in the suffocating atmosphere of the den in which they slept. The last ex- ample I shall give you, gentlemen, oc- curred in my own person, (a laugh J and yet 1 believed that I was not mad, at least I was not so at the time when the circum- stance happened (increased laughter.) I was but a very young man, when one day I made my first tisit to the dissect- ing-room, that of La Pitié, and there I saw the body of a child in an advanced stale of putrefaction, all covered with larvas and worms. I returned home, not caring much about the matter, went to bed and slept soundly. But when I arose in the morning, and was crossing the room to open my window, judge my astonishment to see lying on my table the very body I saw yesterday at La Pitié. I started, rubbed my eyes, shook myself, all in vain ; there it wa«, blue, and green, and putrid, and full of creeping worms. Never was anything more distinctly seen, nevertheless the delusion soon vanished, and 1 recovered my reason (a laugh,) which I am glad to say has since been undisturbed by any such \isionary spec- tres.-ii/. Andral's Lectmes in the Lancet. Ceylon.-Since the appointment of its present governor, Sir Willmot Horton, the system of administering the affairs of this island has undergone a complete chunge. The chief ameliorations consist in the establishment of a free press ; in submitting, through the columns of a newspaper, every measure that is inten- ded to be proposed to tbe legislative council, to the inhabitants of the island ; and causing every petition or protestation that is made to be entered on the minutes of the council, which, being sent to En- gland half- yearly, may be called for by any member of parliament. The system of compulsory labour has also been abo- lished, and every native allowed to work or not as he pleases, as freely as an En- glish labourer. A savings' bank has ' < been established, under the auspices of 1 the governor; and a mail coach set up, (the first successful one in India, if not I the very fir-.t,) to run between Colombo and Kandy, a distance of eight miles; while the government has just com- menced the work of prolonging to Trin comalee the magnificent road, the Sim- plón of India, which now connects Kandy with Colombo. The governor, in a letter lately received, says, that were it not for the number of troops at Ceylon it being used, from its central position, as a depot for the other presidencies, and therefore burdened with many more troops than it wants-were it not for this circumstance, it would now pay all its expenses frotn.its own revenue, and even afford a surplus. The trade of the colony is at present in a state of rapid increase, principally owing to the consumption of cocoa-nut oil in England ; and as the I obstacles which formerly opposed its ad- vancement are removed, it is expected that it will shortly become the most pros- perous of our Indian possessions. Spectator. Count Jourdain, the French governor at Mahe has resigned his post and em- barked for Pondicherry. The cholera was committing dreadful ravages at Malacca. Our grateful glory is not in never fal- ling, but rising every time we fall.-Con fucius. A modest poison seldom fails to gain the good-will of thoso he converses with, because nobody envies a man who does not appear to be pleased with himself. Steele. Tom- Smehidan.-When Tom Sheri- dan was aid-de-camp to Lord Moira, (afterwards Marquess,of Hastings) he called upon a friend of his in the north, who commanded a corps of volunteers, mostly composed of workmen belonging to a pottery. .' What do you think of my corps?" said his" friend, on a field-day. " Why, I think, that they will be very liable to be broke," said Sheridan off hand. ' I , Generous Forbearance.-During our stay at Umbum Loes Jlnrtncks, ft circumstunce occurred which called forth an exhibition of as great magnanimity on the part of Colonel beckwith, as I almost ever remember to have witnessed. We had reaeired about 20U Irish volunteers, who were wild and ungovernable in tho extreme ; a party of those, in strolling about one day, had fallon in with Mrs. Beckwith, with her tnnid and child, taking a walk along Ashford road. Not knowing, 1 imagine, who the lady and her maid were, they set on and assaulted them in the most violent and outrageous manner, proceeding to such lengths as peihaps delicacy forbids to mention. It was, I believe, found out who thpy wore. Accordingly the next morning the Colonel formed the- battalion into a square, and proceeded to relate the oiroumstance to the regiment. " But," says he, "although I know who the ruffians are, I will not proceed any further in the business, because it was my own wife that they attacked.; but bad it been the wife of the meanest soldier in the legiment, I most solemnly declare I would have given you every lash to whioh a court-martial might bavo sentenced you." -Snob a trait of generous forbearance is not often met Kith ; but by this and similar instances of liberal feeling, he completely gained the heart of every soldier in the battalion, a thing not always attaina- ble by very excellent commanding officers, Surtees's Twenty-five Years in the Riße Brigade. Miseries.-Besidingbetween a stone- cutter's and an undertaker's.-Haggling with a surly hackney-coachman for sixpence, and after bo bas driven off about a quarter of an hour, recollecting that you have left a new umbrella in bit coach. Drying a long letter bv the fire; holding it negli- gently in one band behind you, whilst you are con- versing with a friend in "the room, turning round and percoiving it to be in flames.-In sharply turning a corner, coming suddenly in contact with a chimney-sweeper, who impresses your white waist- coat and light-coloured breeches with very visible memorials of the rencontre*- Passing a narrow passBge fresh painted.-Forced, hy politeness, to quit a oomfortable party, to attend a cross old maid to ber lodgings, al the distance of two miles - Wishing to wake early to be in time for a morning ooach, waking, and, upon looking nt your walch, discovering that you bad not wound it up.-Making several memorandum knots in your handkerchief, and forgetting the important chu se of every ope of them.-Dreaming that you bovo wings, and walting with a fit of the gout.- Endear» uring to make violent love under the table, and pressing the wrong foot.-Toasting a bit of cheese, and when it is more than half done, letting it fall into the ashes. Hearing the bells ring for tho marriage of your rival.-Knookin'g at tue door for half an hour, and then being told that the house has been empty for tba last two months.-In a hiirry to send off a letter, dipping your finger into the ink instead of the wafer stand. ? Thomas B. Macauley, complaining of an excruciating tooth-ache arising from the decayed grinder, declarad that he would go to some dentist and get the tooth stopped. " The tooth stopped," said Stanley, to whom be was speaking V my dear Macauley, get him to stop your jaw also!" During one of the debates on the affairs of America, Hartley, the member for Hull, after having driven four-fifths of a very full bouse from tha benahes by an unusually dull speech, at length re- quested that the riot act might be read, for the pur- pose of elucidating one of his propositions. Burke, who was impatient to address the House himself, im- mediately started up and exclaimed, " Tho riot act, my dearest friend why, in the name of everything that's sacred, have the riot act read! The mob, you see, is already dispersed !" Peels of laughter followed the^utterance of this comic appeal, which Lord North frequently declared to be one of the happiest instances of wit he ever heard.--Georgian Era. AMERICAN BURIAL FEES. — The fol- lowing is the charge for burring a man in America, copied verbatim from the Kentucky Advertiser: " Robert Waite to Jonathan Sonnies, his wife, dig- ging grave, 7 feet by 21/2, ten dollars ; to plugging and pumping out water, four dollars; to filling in steeping, two dollars ; to four pints of rum, one dol- lar." It was difficult to tell what the rum was for in this land of temperance societies; we suppose that a hint was taken from one Mr. Shakespeare, a Kentucky philosopher and wizard, who declared " water to be a sore destroyer of your dead body," and the rum, of course, was used as a " conserva- tive." The moral of this anecdote is, that though a man may live ever so well in America, be had bet- ter die and get buried in England. — The Town. Statistic op Rome.-The latest statistical tables of Italy, give to tho Papal Govern- ment an army of only o',000 men. This is a great error, as it appears that the land forces alone'nmount to throe times that number, or 10,000 men, of which the two Swiss regimsnts, whioh have been lately en- listed, from 4,400. These last, it is true, are not yet fully organized. On comparing this number with , the total population of the Roman States, estimated at 3,700 000 inhabitants, (this it 100,000 mote than the estímalo in our present number, ante,) we find one soldier to 150 iabubitants. In France the po- pulation is one to 75. Reckoning that each soldier costs one hundred scudi. the Swiss double that sum, we shall not be very far wrong iu reckoning the annual expenso of tha Kommi military force at two millions of acudi, (.£4*0 000,) a sum equal to one fourth of the whole Papal revenue. The naval forcea nre nothing, or next to nothing. The Jews, nt Rome, from a population of ahoui 3,500 individuals, so crowded together in their Ghetto, that if the rest of the population was in the same state, the city would have a million of inhabitants. Although Leo XU, somewhat en arged their quarter, space hus boen ao parsimonouslr measured out lo them, that 'more than eight families (consisting of 9 to 10 in- dividuals) are absolutely limited tb »singlo apart- ment for each. In place of allowing them more room, of which, certainly, there is no lack at Rome, it wns simply ordered, that, in the event of obolera breuking out, n Jew's hospital should be established beyond the precincts Of the Ghetto. As u pre- caution against the disease, as the Jews are prin- cipally rag-merchnnta, nnd rags are supposed to con- tain pestilential miasmatta, the-government could think of no butter device than issuing a decree, for- bidding every Jew to keep more than a certain number of pounds of rags in his shop, under very severe penalties. This wns not all. According to the Rabbinical rites,certain ministers, ealledSciuttini, are appointed to kill poultry in private bouses; to remove' the blcod and feathers, the truly patemal government of his holiness established a slaughter, house for poultry, in which they must all be killed and plucked. Such are the precautions to which the ancient genius of Rome has given birth ugainst the cholera; they are sufficient to excite denson, and to show in its true colours the utter and helpless incapacity of tho administration of modern Rome. Another recently issued decree is not leas ridiculous. Considering that tho puppets wore too short pet- ticoats, tho Papal Government, in its anxiety for public morals, prescribed the length in which ihey were in future to wear them, grounded on the grave injury to puMio modesty which this indecency oo cn-ioned.-Foreign Quarterly Review. In discharging a rule for a criminal information (Rex ti Merridew) against a printer at Warwick, for a libel, the Lord Chief Justioe of the King's liench observed,-*' That the Court was of opinion, that it ought not to encourage these appli- cations, which bad of late come to the Court in such multitudes.'' Musis so softens and disarms the mind, That not an arrow does resistance find, Thus the fair tyrant celebrates the prize. Ami acts herself the triumph of her eyes. So Nero once, with harp in hand, survey'd His fliimiiig Rome and as it burn'd he play'd. I Welter:-To a Lady playing on the Lute, China."-It appearà hy the last ac- counts reoeived from China, that tlieprogress of the insurrection continued to excite great alarm. A series of engagements between the imperial troops had taken place from the 20tb to the 25lli Juno, in which the nrmy of (ho Emperor under the command of Govornor Le, of Cmiton, sustained a loss -of 2,000 mon. The forces of the rebels had been gradually increasing until they were able to bring 40,000 mon into tho field. The loss sustained by tho insurgents is not mentioned iii these accounts, Reinforcements of troops continued to be sent from Clinton to tlm'assistauco of tlioimpor.ttl commander. It appears, that the rebele treat the country peoplo with iho greatest lenity, 'but display the gfofltest j cruelty,{o such of tho imperial officers and troops as fall into their hand«. This la'ter conduct was, I however, easily accounted for, when it was noticed that-all tho rebel prison"rs, with their families, .wero invariably slaughtered by the Chinese com- manders. It seems, that the communication between the* Canton authorities and .the various foreign nations continued' very unsettled. The British colours had not beon displayed since the beginning of the dispute between the'honourable company's factory and tbe Chinese,1 in Muy, 1831, when the Bag waa formerly struck. 'Since tile 1st of June, the United Satos flag bad not been displayed in front of the American hong, nor'would it be until the arrival of further orders fiom Washington. It wasundeistood that in future, at least, one American ship of-war would always be at Canton,'to prevent any outrage on the pBrt'of"the Chinese, as one or more of the American squadrons in South America had received orders to return home by way of the Sandwich Islands and China, on being relieved. There ie at this, present period no accredited agent of tbe United States Government in China, tbnlate consular agent having some time since left China, and deputed the powers vested in him-to a suc- cessor, who shortly afterwards issued a circular, expressing his doubts of the validity of a transfer to a second deputy, and who had resigned the office. Modes of Dressing the Hair - The peasant of Russian Finland wear their bair in a very einpular fashion ; it is allowed to grow long in front and over the ears, but is shaved close at the book of the head. The women fasten their hair at the top of the head, in a conical roll, and some- times ornament it with a piece of coloured cloth. It ie curious, says Mr. Elliott (who describes this fashion in his Letters from the North of Europe) to observe the various modes which nations have adopted of woaiingiheir hair. The Saracens wenrit long ; The Chinese cut it from every part of the head but the scalp, where it is cherished till it will form three queues substantially plaited, and reaching to the ground ; the Hindoo holds only one queue orthodox, and that a small one, by winch he hopes to bo dragged up to heaven.-The rest of the head is submitted to a weekly tonsure, ¡A catholic priest shaves-only a little spot on (be top of the crown. The Mussulman inverting the Russian mode, and ado, ting a mode peculiar lo himself, shaves the upper part of the head, or preserves a semi-circu- lar tuft of hair behind. To these we may add the American'Indian, who generously suffers one tuft to grow, which is called the scalping tuft, end which serves as a convenient bandle to the enemy. Prices of Labour in America. It is difficult lo give any precise information as to the wages of labour. A hired servant gets from 10 to 12 dollars a month besides his board, which he very frequently has at table with his master, con- sisting of animal food three times a day. Labourers bired by the day for those sorts of farm work in whiob women a>e employed in Britain, such as hoeing, assisting in cleaning grain, and even milking of cows', get about three- quarters 'of a dollar per day ; in time of haymaking or harvest work, fre- I quenlly a dollar besides their board. The work- ¡ men work, or aro said to work, from daylight to sunset ; but I doubt, from anything I have seen, whether tho ordinary plan of keeping workmen employed for ten hours a day bo not as profitable for the employer as woll as the workman. The days are never so long in summer, nor .so short in winter, as in Biitain. The sun rises, on the 21st of June, about half-past four, and sets at half-past seven ; on the 21st December rises at half-past seven, and seta at half-past four.-5f unit's Ameiica. A Hint to the Reformed Par- liament.-In a book published in 16-tl, entitled, I "The Use, Privileges, Proceedings and Puuish menls of the Commons' House of Parliament in England," it is said,-" If any speak too long, and speak tvithin the matter, be may not be cut off ; but if he bo long, and out of the matter, then the Speaker may gently admonish him of the shortness of the time or the business of the bouse, and pray him to make as short as he may." Good Old Times.-We often hear of " the good old times." When were these 1 In Queen Boss's reign-when, to be able to read was so rare an accomplishment, that it procured to the greatest criminals " benefit of Clergy,"-namely, impunity from well-deserved punishment? When the Duke of Northumberland's household-book showed that his chief retainers and upper domes- tics were fed on salted herrings for half the year 1 When wooden pallets formed the bed of nine-tenths of the people, and a log of wood their pillow Î When their houses had no fire-places, and needed none fuel being as rare as silk stockings 1 When a Queen's bed-chamber-even that of the puissant Elizabeth herself-was strewed with rushes daily, in lack of a Kidderminster or Kilmarnock carpet 1 When, as in the time of her father, bluff'Hal, En g'end did not grow a cabbage, turnip, carrot, nor, indeed, nny edible root ; and Queen Catherine had to send to Flanders for a salad 1 Pooh I old times, indeed !-Ours are the old rich times ; these were but a beggarly boyhood !-The Chameleon. Partaking op a Theatrical Entbr TAr^aiENT.-The following is an account of a ludi- crous scene which took place at the Bowery, on tbe night of the oplobrotiim of the evacuation. Booth played Richard tilt Third, and the house was crammed to such an extent that an eralanche of spectators broke from the pit, and covered the J orchestra, and the greatest part of the stage. By reasonable computation there were about S3.) persans | on the stage and wings alone-soldiers in fatigue dresses-officers with side arms-a few jolly tar«, I and a number of " apple- msucbing urchins." The scene'was indescribably ludicrous. Booth played in his best style, and was really anxious to make a hit, but tho confusion incidental to suoh a crowd on the Btage ocoasinnod constant and most burouroue interruptions. It was everything or anything but a tragedy. In the scene with Lady Anne, n scene so much admirod for its address, the gallery g'pec'ators amnsed themselves by throning pennies and ailve ou the stage, which occasioned an immense scramb'e among the boys, and they frequently ran between King Richard and Lady Anne to snatch a stray copper. In the tent scene, so solemn and eo itn prsisivo, several curious amateurs went up to the table, took up the crown, poised the heavy sword, and examined all the regalia with great care, while Richatd was in agony from the terrible dream ; and when the scene changed, discovering the ghosts of Henry, Lady Anne, and children, it was difficult to select them fi em the crowd, who thrust their faces I ami persons among the royal shadows. The battle | of Uosworthfield capped the climax-the audience mingled with the soldiers, and raced across the stage, to the shouts of the people, the roll of the drums, and the bellowing of the trumpets; and when the fight betwe n Richmond and Richard carne on, they made a ring round the combatants to see fairplay, and keep tbem at it for nearly a quarter of an hour by " Shrewsbury clock," This was all done in I perfect good humour, and with no intention to make a row. When Mr. Rice came on to sing his cele- brated song of "Jim Crow," they not only made him repeat it some twenty times, but hemmed him in so that he actually had no room to perform the little dancing or turning about appertaining to the song ; and, in the afterpiece, where a supper table is spread, some among the most hungry very leisurely helped themselves to the viands. It was a rare treat indeed to the audience and manager.-New York paper. 