We continue our notice of the N« w Parliament. In our next it will be con eluded, and we trust our readers will tint)' in it the means of useftil reference. The various particulars it-contains are taken from \lie most authentic sources iiM.ur power to obtain. We have been pre vent ei|, by the press of the legal proceedings, to which, of coursp all other mailer necessarily gave way, from inserting, until this day, the excellent letter addressed lo Captain Forster, simied «' Ticket of Leave Man," the receipt of which we acknowledged some weeks ago ft is to respectful in its terms, and so convincing in its tlafement, (for il is nothing more,) that we take the liberty of eame-tly soliciting its ronsi leration, not only by the popular individual to vshom it is addressed, but also by the authorities. It is impossible that snrb a reading of ihe oppressive order 4-1, which has been recently had, can nd for a monrent against the plain "taiement of the humble writer before us, - it is equally impossible that Captain Forster can resist the appeal made to him, to bring it under consideration in Ihe proper quarter. We announced in a recent number *ha' the Council wasto assemble. The warrant is ou«, and tbat body will in a few days lie awakened from its long repose, a repose, which it is only justice to ihe local government to admit, was enlirely without its conlroii]. Many serious considerations noff press upon Ihe public attentions The close imila linn by the sister Council or New South Wales, of the system in adoption in ihe British House of Commons, is <0 fully hefore the people here, that silting as both council 1 * do by the very same authority, biought into existence asihey are by the same Act of Pailiament in a word being as perfectly TWINS, as it is possible for the law to make them; thp people naturally expect to sre that at least not le-s APPEARANCE of the semblance ot the shadow of the Ghost, (for ih*t is all,) of a popular assembly may be permitted here, than exists iii New South Wales. There, we find the whole course of proceedings transmitted daily, by the clerk to the public Journals : there we find, what we will copy from the Sydney Journals ; we take the first at hand, the Jterald of 1st July, Ihe report of one days proceedings, «s transmitted by Mr. Thomson, the clerk of Ihe Council to that Journal (in common with all the others) for insertion :—• The Council met pursuant to adjournment. His Excellency the Governor In Uie Chair. Petition presented from' homas Marquoid. Miquire, Sheriff of New South .Wales, praying that further provision may be made for the Office of Under-sheriff To lie on ihe table. 2\. Tunnel Bill ; further amended In Committee; to be fairly transcribed, and presented to the Go - vernor by the Attorney-General and Comntroller of Customs. • s." Estimates for 18S*; further considered in Committee, . JS The following- Items In the appropriation nf the Estimates for 1S3I were then moved and carried — 1\. Expence nf Law Officers, a turn not 2\. Sheriffs Department do 1911 IS g Motion made and question put, that His Excellency tho Govemoi he requested to communicate to the Bight Honorable the Secretary of Stnte for the Cola. nies, that tahlug into consideration the difficult nature of the duties, and the aeriouB mpimsibUity attached to the office of Sheriff in this Colony, and the necessity therefore Of adequate assistance beine afforded tnhtm in its discharge, it is the opinion of this Council that the psesent appointment of an Under-Sberiff, with a salary of iool. per fnunm, is insufficient lo the discharge of the greatly increased duties of the Sheriff's Office; and they therefore recommend that a professional gentlemnn may be appointed at a salary of 5001 per annum, to be paid out of the fees of the office, and tbat such officer cive security for aqy liabilities he may incur. Council divided-- aye*. S-noes, 6. 3\. Episcopalian Clergy, a sum not . „• e«oedin£ 11,917 10 o King a Schools do ISO o 5. Parochial Schools . . sow 0 o 6\. Male Orphan School 1300 0 O 7\. Female Orphan Srliool 1600 O <1 S. Clenry and School Lands Sill <1 p 9\. Presbyterian Clergy 6110 O O 10\. Roman Catholic Clergy and Schools 1900 0 O 11\. Stationery, Printing, Book binding, Gazettes, and Almanacks lvoo 0 d 19\. Fael and. bight KO O u IS. Pension to the Hon. A. M'Leav 7a _PRorF.sr.--l protest against the Colonial Secretary receiving 7Sol a-year out of the Colonial Fluids for , scrrlccs performed Wales Act, 9 Geo, IV. c. si. s.Si, expressly prohlbi'U tile Legislative Council from raiding nnf fox exj ciptin^ for Incdl |«r|mses ; it is therefore Hletral to Charge a pension for service, performed in uw Transport Office at Home upon the fumls of tlie Colon y. ( request that this iny dissent from the Esti* mate inay be recorded on the Minutes of the Coon. 01; asd that an extract copy of surti Minute may be if"?,!""!.®?' ' together «iih a copy of 'the Estimate. t»> the lliglit Honorable the Serrclary of State tortile Colonies, for the consideration of His Govei'ituifeut. " ' (Signed) John Blaxlans. Motion made and question put—That the con,l. deration or the claim to comiiensatiou of numaresq. for U.c luss of Tolls on Mailfaud Hrid^e' be heard oil that day, and such witne«e _hs they may br.ng forward ia support Passed wiUiout a division. "aim. rJX e "«r idera,i0,,<,f^timates defcered unti . ^ S ^ 1 1 ' recommittal defend u«a at < i°o'"iock ljOUrile ' 1 at 4 O'clock Until Tuesday „ert ORORRS OF THE D4Y. Tue1d.1v, July 8. 1\. Fees Bill; second reading. S. Census Bill j second readin<". S, Estimates tor 1K« ; fnrtli^A;onsidej-aUo«. Wednesday, July j, I. Sydney Police Bill; recommittal. IS. »EAs THO«S(»-«, Clerk of Uie Coaucll. Now what do we find here ? Thai the Council is open lo petitioners, io cording to the inviolable English practice, who are also as in England, entitled to be heard at the bar of the H«m.e, by themselves or their Counsel, with what., ever wilttesses tliey may chose to produce. Will the Council here take upon itself to exclude the people here Irotu the BIGHT, Ihe great and important HIGH I' OF PETf flON, possessed as the people seelhat.'it is it, clie very fullest extent of exercise, by the people of il,e Sister Colony Itvins under (lie same law to the very letter ! As a set off against lhi<, we find ihe melancholy fact avowed that Ihe shadow of a ghost calling itself a Legislative Council, has not ihe p.;w*r of appropriating one sixpence of Uie money of the people, except that the FIAT of the British Secretary of Stale is first had an t obtained ! Not even an eiiciease of salary ! Is n >t litis dreadful ! Is it not of itself a sufficient argument lo bring all men of all patties, (the SAVAGES always excepted, whoa« of un party, but that of self- interest, whose only feeling is brutal ferocity! whose only method of gratifying it#is the assassins knife,) is not this of itself an unanswerable argument in support of the absolute necessity of Legislation by Re}»esentalion; not such a9 the Savages would have, TO THE EX- CLUSION OP THE PEO PLE, and thereby tn the procurement of their own self interested purposes, but Representation, b\ the fullest, broaden,and mestliberiil exercise of the.Elective franchise ! And until we hare thin, again and again My. assert that (he responsible government of ONE MAN' is infinitely preferable to the mockery even as il is at Sydney, and as we fear it will be much worse exhibited here/ we shall return to thit weekly ; devoting to it, (all important as we consider it,) otir best energies. W shall shew what was promised, when the Council separated four years ago; we shall shew, what will be now PERFOIIMED It is impossible to express the disgust \wili which the attempt at intimidation in Mr. Georg-e Meredith's last:number lias generally excited. Is this " the Paper oj the People ?" which dares to bring 0 rth a juryman, for acting under the so'emn obligation of his oath, in the honest discharge of his duty ? : Tlie sneaking pitiful manner in which it is done, so truly characteristic of the system of Mr. George Meredith's journal, which either .-tabs with a poisoned knife, or crawls snakebite in the dust,—this truly contemptible method of attick, only-encreases its baseness. There is not a •« respectable" (Mr. George Merediih's darling word) journal in ihe whole world, which adopts ihe cowardly means of hack handed attack through the medium of—"To Correspondents,"—ilt»t truly despicable course, is scouted by the whole legitimate press. In the present instance it is besides so clumsily done, that the malicious object is not even veiled by the color of pretence. What are Ihe « otds ?— " ' Go r's' letter would be inserted but jo the F.VE IIUNDUEL) POUNDS, which xticks in the throats of aU true Colonists.". ' Is it to be endured then, that Mr. Guy, quite as "respectable" a citizen in every 'possible consideration as Mr. G. Meredith ev< r had the slightest pretensions to affect to be,—is Mr. Guy to lie thus held forth to the public, because if I he did (of which.we know noi) in tlie honest discharge of his duty, consider Five Hundred Pounds to be a proper sum in'which lo mulct Mr. George Mere-j diih for bis •'•gross libel"(as the Jury expressed their unanimous opinion) upon I an old and honorable soldier 1 Is lb" I WO! intimidation ! Will any juryman tlafe to do ins duty in any of Mr. Mel- edith's ilium-roils CH«es, if life is tliusto be field foilhto the'.public'by Mr. Meredith's.! utiial 1 -Well. indeed, did Mr. Gtdlibnind coin lain in Mr. O'Connor's rate of lfiiscoor-etof intiittidaii"ii! Weil did he inlreat of ih • j«i*y '» r themselves to he influenced by it ? Bu din?s no) the fact of its former existence piV-- reasonable color to ll«f ⅈ|ir< heiisi->that ceruinof the jury in M jr»r SclnwV C.ise mat not h ive been quite free from the terror of this atrocious system at in timidationi What if »ny other j lurm VMS to den.iuiu-ie Mr. Dunn, with a side Wind reference to F< r'tf Shiltitss, win' •wmiM tint lie ilte Ne>v Zaluid jell wli ch Mr. George Meredith's jiunidl wo.ld .".et up ? Thlsj iln n. is the" Paper of the Pre• fie !"' This is the way in which tinpoo lc are treated Ky • lie j -nr >«1. one «•(' WLI'I^E trap wa'OH words was *'TRI AL. BY JUUY." Is this the way to ob:ain it ?• Is ihis the way to convince the people thtilihfy can.be safe under Ifsoperation, i»lien_a juryiiian 'who dares to'act for himself under the solemn sanction of hi* oath, is to be thus b ought forward for iodoing? Will "the ptople" en.lure I his ? THE CHtTRCiies.—His Excellency (he Lieutenant-Govi-rnor attended divine servi. e at 'he Presbyterian Church on Sitndav. The enngregat on was inconven e tly numerous; the church requires immediate enlarging The Independent C'lapel was also extremely crowded. The Rev. Mr. Miller's discourse was of the holiest order. Mr. Bedford, the ^nnngir, pei formed the service at St. Dtvid'i. We had understood the Neo jihyiehad mirrlted for onl-quar'ers; but r« he —1 • 11 linsrers here, we trust there is no truth in the report that lie expects a countermand.. In our next upon this. THE CATECIIHTS. —" No Ifypocn'e's " let'er shall be inserted in our next. We are considerably uninformed fm this siibj.ct, Wf should be obliged lo our c>>rre B'>!» account of I he working of the system lit- complains of. VVe believe the (niMic,speaking generally, are as liitle informed thereupon as ourselves. MeCHANtrs* iNSTITUTH.-i-Mr. J: llaikfl's nmuiinj and instructive lecture will be delivered this evening. Dr. do s continues his course upon Natural t'h : loso|iliv the alternate week*, with eiu-reased ability. Dr. Ricll Mr. Duterrin, and Mr. Murray, will fdlow. Ib'-re will be no lecture on the 6 h August, the meeting on that day -to iiii^videadvertisetneuO for the electi 'ii of officers. LIEUT DKSBOROUOH.— In ourb/ick pa*e will lie fnun'l a li tter from this gentleman. We have inserted it up >n the promrls staled in lis first paragraph, and upon 'he p iuciple that every man is en {(fed to be heard in his o«n defence tb'o>iuh the pre*", who addresses him- •elf to the iiublir, solrly in his oivn vindication. Mr. Desborouiih has certainly made out a strong prima facie case ; further we are of course unable to say III its present S'ate. MN. MEI vit.r.r/s M*GI2INE.—We hive bi-en favored with No. 5 of the H -barl Town M^gaeiue. We contra Intate the C ilonv upon a periodical of sncli established merit. The present n'Kiihi'r tally keeps pace with its prede ces«irs in interest, v.iriety, and general value, and We have no doubt will be in great reqne-t. TH K FISH MIL P.S.—We hear excellent Bccuiiits from I lie fisheii.-s. We understand 11 lit the seaso.i, now only at its h i»lii, has been already more thin usu ally productive. The estimated addi ion to the colonial capital for the present year is said; by th'ise .vho are con-idi-red the best informed, to exceed 30,0001. If the rum. drinkers would gr.iiit an amiesly for three years they might norwards sua low ad libitum, the Colony would be safe beyond their reach. RostWAVi—Two of the men at the signal station were found to be missing on Monday morning, and one or two others being also missing, Capt. Moriartyi with the'utiuost activity, proceeded immediately down the river in his bo.tl in Kearch of them. The Isibella was also or;|e e I to proceed tor the protection «t any vessel in the river, an;! every other |ir' C;tiili<'fi ha? been taken which the ab ei.ee ol these nieu may lender neccsburv. THE MARKETS.—We are happy TO sieihat whi at is a little on the advance. At Lauiirestoii, the cr^al emp irium of that « a t.le article, good samp'es reach 4-s , sevt-v.il enroors are aiiout to be expor e t from thence to Mauritius and eNrvkhe-e, which will lend to lift the lii ir th»- grower* Ciimiot obtain even fair jirirec, ihe butchers rharge from 6 l. to 8d. |> oteveiy »o;t, of vxcclleut quality, very Cheap. Oto PoLtCE OmcP.—These Premises were sold yesterday lo Mr. Bell or the Coach and Horses for £>.2,500, the Government thus realizing a considerable profit. her residence in Hobarl ro«n, on the 21st inst., the Lady of Capi. J. FlELnER«fa Daughter. MARRIAGE.—Qn Friday last* the ?6th inst^ at St. David's Church, by Special Licence, by the Rev. W. Bedford, Mr. A. CUMMING, Builder, &c.;, Mac quarie Street, to Mrs. BRADLEY, of Melville street. 