Britta!) contracted THE REV. EDWARD IRVING. (From the Dumfries Journal.) The trial of the Rev. Edward Irving, for heresy, took place on Wednesday, before the Presbytery of Annan, which unanimously declared him guilty. The Moderator then asked Mr. Irving if he had any objection to state why sentence of deposition should not be passed against him. Mr. Irving rose and said with great vehemence. Objection? All objection -Objection bAll objection. I object not for my own sake, but for the sake of Christ my Lord, whom I serve and honour. I object for your sakes who will thus call down upon your own heads the righteous wrath of God. I object for the Church's sake, who are led blindfold to ruin. Objection All objection. (The Rev. Gentleman again solemnly declared that he did not hold the substance of the human nature of Christ, and concluded by most earnestly beseech- ing the Presbytery, for their own sakes, as they valued the salvation of their souls, not to pass sentence upon him. The Moderator was now about to proceed to the solemn duty which had de- volved upon him, and, as a preliminary, requested Mr. Sloan, the senior member of Presbytery, to offer up a prayer to Almighty God, when a voice was heard from the pew in which Mr. Irving was seated, and which immediately was found to be that of Mr. Dow, late minister of Trongray, exclaiming, " Arise, depart, Arise, depart-flee ye out, flee ye out of heresy cannot pray, how can ye pray to Christ, whom ye deny! departed- part-flee-flee." As he uttered these words his countenance assumed the appearance of one under the influence of a temporary aberration of mind; and though interrupted by repeated cries of " Order," he continued with little abatement till exhaustion forced him to conclude. The assembly, which was very numerous, and had acted in the most becoming manner, now became confused, and Mr. Dow rose to leave the house, leading Mr. Irving after him. Mr. Irving lifted up his hand as he was going and said, " Will ye not obey the voice of the Holy Ghost which ye have now heard. As many as will obey the Holy Ghost follow." The two gentlemen, along with several others who belonged to their party, having left the church, Mr. Sloan prayed, and the Moderator then solemnly pronounced the sentence of deposition. The Presbytery being closed by a blessing, was dismissed. The assemblage of spectators could scarcely be less than 1000. That useful knowledge should receive our first and chief care, we mean not to dispute. But in our views of utility, we may differ from some who take this position. There are those who may confine this term to the necessaries and comforts of life, and to the means of producing them. And is it true, that we need no knowledge, but that which clothes and feeds us ? Is it true, that all studies may be dispensed with, but such as teach us to act on matter, and to turn it to our use Happily, human nature has now become too stubborn to yield to this narrow utility. It is most interesting to observe how the very mechanical arts, which are especially designed to minister to the necessities and comforts of life, are perpetually passing these limits ; how they disdain to stop at mere convenience. A large and increasing proportion of mechanical labour is given to the gratifica- tion of an elegant taste. How simple would be the art of building, if it limited itself to the construction of a comfortable shelter. How many ships should we dis- mantle, and how many busy trades put to rest, were dress and furniture reduced to the standard of convenience. This " uli lity" would work great changes in town and country, would level to the dust the wonders of architecture, would annihilate the fine arts, and blot out innumerable beauties which the hand of taste has spread over the face of the earth. Happily, human nature is too strong for the utilitarian. It cannot satisfy itself with the convenient. No passion unfolds itself sooner than the love of the ornamental. The savage decorates himself, and the child is more struck with the beauty than use of raiment So far from limiting ourselves to food and raiment, we enjoy but little a repast which is not arranged with some degree of order and taste and a man who should consult comfort alone in this wardrobe, would find himself an unwelcome guest in circles which he would very reluctantly forego. We are aware that the propensity to which we have referred, often breaks out in extravagance and ruinous luxury. We know that the love of ornament is often vitiated by vanity, and that, when so perverted, it impairs, sometimes destroys, the soundness and simplicity of the mind, and the relish for true glory. Still, it teaches, even in its excesses, that the idea of beauty is an in- destructible principle of our nature, and this single truth is enough to put us on our guard against vulgar notions of utility. W. E. Channing, D. D. On the importance and Means of a National Literature, 