COLONEL HANSONS PAMPHLET We have great pleasure in laying be- fore our Readers the following extract from a Printed Pamphlet, by Colonel Hanson, the Quarter Master General at Madras. The interest it has excited here will we trust plead our excuse with the Colonel for rendering Public, that which he intended merely for Private distribution. The climate of Swan River in the Winter Season is as favourable to health as can well be imagined. I am told however that the heat of summer is near- ly equal to the heat of India, and the less debilitat- ing to the constitution it is frequently very oppress- ive. The great draw- back to this settlement is the present intricate Navigation into the Harbour. Reefs of Rocks extend Seaward from Rottenest Is- land, Pulo Carnac, &c.; &c.; and although there is a safe channel into Cockburn Sound, yet the passage requires a Pilot, and in the event of a Westerly Gale, the Ship would be obliged to beat off a dead lee Shore, for the six summer months however, from October until April, there is no dif- ficulty of access whatever. Land and Sea breezes prevail regularly during this Season, and Gages Roads tho open to North West winds, affords a safe and secure anchorage—the Town of Fremantle is yet in its infancy. The site is chosen on the South Bank of the Swan River, which here disem- bogues itself into the Sea. There is a troublesome bar at its entrance, requiring skill and attention to cross, but there is a thoroughly sheltered Bay in it's immediate vicinity, where all passengers should land in the first instance, and take a favorable op- portunity for sending their loaded boats into the River. The first impression of a stranger is cer- tainly unfavorable—he sees nothing but an ap- parently poor soil, upon which the Town of Fre- mantle is building, and until he is shewn the actual produce of "Mother Earth," it will be difficult for him to imagine that it is capable of giving any sort of vegetation. When he does see however, that this apparent sand produces the finest Vegetables in the world, he cannot permit himself to remain any longer in doubt. There was an excellent little Inn established when I was there, the "Stirling Arms," at which the comforts were fair and the charges moderate. Several good Stone and Brick Houses were in progress, the property of respectable Settlers, and, indeed all classes seemed to be governed by the same praise-worthy spirit of industry and good feel- ing towards each other. The distance by water from Fremantle to Perth, I should calculate to be about twelve miles, but the land road is much shorter, and upon it halfway, there is an Inn, at which the Traveller can obtain refreshment. The Town of Perth is at present the capital of the Colony, and the site of it is well chosen—it is situated on the North bank of the Swan river, having a picturesque little mountain at it's Western extremi- ty, named Mount Eliza, upon which at some future period, it is proposed to build a Government House. I may say that the Society of the place is hospitality personified ; for though their means are somewhat limited, yet they share them with the kindest "good will." Stone and Brick Houses are here also in rapid progress—one of the latter, the property of Captain Irwin the Commandant, was nearly finished when I came away, and a most excellent House I am certain it will prove to be. Stock of all kinds thrive and multiply at a prodigious ratio. Poultry is becoming very abundant, and pigs were running wild in the jungle. Goats would appear to like the climate vastly, for they are so exceedingly prolific that they seldom produce less than three at a birth. The materials for building are excellent. Capital bricks are made at Perth, and the lime Stone is of the first quality. There is also a quarry of Free Stone at Mount Eliza, from which an in- dusterous Settler Mr. Jeckes had nearly completed an excellent Cottage on the South East face of the Hill, where he was rearing vines with every pros- pect of success. The Canning river joins the Swan immediately below Perth, and I regret much, that I did not visit the locations there. At a short dis- tance above the Town, there are shoals in the River called "the Flats," over which a loaded Boat would have difficulty to pass except at high water. I cross- ed my Gig however, at all periods of the tide, the Crew merely shoving her over the sand for a dis- tance of about one hundred yards. I write from memory, but I think the first thriv- ing farm on the North bank, above Perth, is called the "Yorkshire farm," from a number of Agricultur- ists, Natives of that County in England having con- gregated there, though I believe each man's pro- perty is separate and distinct. Here the soil may be said to assume quite a new character. The sand so much complained of by a parcel of prejudiced visitors is but partially seen and there were cer- tainly as fine crops of Wheat and other Grain in the ground when I was there, as could be found in any part of the world—proceeding up the River you arrive at Captain Byrne's, Mr. Brown's, Captain Currie's of the Navy, Mr. Drummond's and various other properties below Guildford. I regret to say that the names of the numerous proprietors has escaped my memory, but this I can say with perfect confidence, that they are all of them happy and flourishing, notwithstanding the squibs you have heard in India respecting their des- titute condition &c.; &c.; Curries place does him the greatest credit—his garden is full of the very finest vegetables, and he has built a most comfort- able little brick House, where I was much indebted both to Mrs. Currie and himself, for comfort, kind- ness and hospitality, during my various voyages up and down the River. The township of Guildford on the South bank is fast assuming a very, respectable appearance. The Governor has built a little Cottage Orné in it's immediate vicinity, and it is difficult to imagine a more beautiful situation. The House is considerably elevated above the general level of the Country. The site is chosen at a turn of the River, commanding a view along two extensive reaches, and the land in front of it being all meadow land, very beautifully studded with forest trees, you may without much effort of imagination, conceive yourself placed in the midst of a Gentleman's park at home. The breed of horned Cattle introduced into the Colony is I am told very valuable. I confess my- self to be ignorant upon this subject; but the sixty head I saw at the Governor's Farm appeared to me splendid animals. The horses imported are also of the finest blood. A splendid farm adjoins the Governor's Estate, the property of Sir James Hume, and the land as I proceeded up the River was as fine as any land in the world. I not only speak from my own obser- vation but I speak from the testimony of a first rate Gentleman farmer Mr. Brockman, whose pro- duce this year will fully justify the praise I am be- stowing upon it. His fields of wheat, and indeed grain of every description, were as rich and produc- tive as in any part of the world; and both the Mutton and Beef from his Estate were equal in my opinion to well fed Meat in England. Captain Irwin possesses a location still higher on the Swan, which for variety and beauty of prospect, surpasses every thing I saw below it; but Mr Brown the Colonial Secretary (who is the most distant settler) from being nearer the Mountains, will I think by, and bye have more capabilities at his com- mand. We pursued our journey about six miles beyond the most distant farm— that of Mr. Brown already mentioned, until we reached the foot of the Darling range of Mountains, having passed over three or four miles of extensive meadow land, covered with the richest grass, and with scarcely a single tree to interrupt the prospect. The pasture upon Mr. Brown's property is so exceedingly rich, that I am told his flocks were many of them getting blind from sheer fatness, and I beg it to be understood, that in stating this fact, I am stating nothing very marvellous, as such is the common result of overfeeding, and I can safely declare that in my life, I never tasted finer mutton than was produced from his grass. The Natives of the Country offer the only in- terruption to the settlers perfect comfort, and they certainly have in many instances proved themselves exceedingly treacherous. Before however they are wholly condemned, for what may appear to us a vindictive and revengeful character, it should be stated that the better part of Society are ignorant what provocation these poor wretches receive. The lower orders on the Swan hold the life of a Native at no value, and there was one young man, the Son of a Gentleman, who shocked me by saying that he had been out all the morning and had had but one shot at a black ! !—Governor Stirling is exerting ever power he possesses to correct this evil; but the Governor cannot be every where, and when these poor devils find that they are shot like wild beasts, it is natural to suppose that human beings in so savage a state will seek for some means of gratifying their revenge. Their ideas upon this sub- ject are very peculiar—they attach criminality gen- erally to the place where the injury has been re- ceived, and not to the Individual who has inflicted it. This renders the atonement more distressing for they watch near the spot like a Cat for it's prey and the first person who may appear is quite certain of being assaulted—they thow one or two spears, and whether they kill wound or even miss their ob- ject I am told they consider the atonement sufficient, as I hear it has been satisfactorily proved that they seldom attempt any farther violence. Their idea of personal property, must be also founded on very savage notions. They naturally consider us to be foreign intruders, and when they see their Kangaroos, upon which they chiefly de- pend for food, destroyed by our people, it will be difficult to imagine that the crime of helping them- selves to a little of our Kangaroo (mutton) can be considered by them a very henious offence. They would certainly appear to have some redeeming qualities, in situations where they have not been treated with unkindness. They are sad thieves though and cannot be trusted, within arms length of food. Their tribes however, have been frequently met by our gentlemen, singly in the jungle, and upon these occasions they have been invariably civil and good natured. Two of the most eminent explorers in the country, had but recently returned from a very interesting excursion, into the interior, to trace the course of a River, beyond the Darling Range of mountains, and these Gentlemen, Mr. Moore and Ensign Dale informed me, that they were twice in the power of considerable tribes, and that once they even slept together on the same spot, without the slightest appearance of hostility having been evinced. On the contrary, they were extremely kind and good natured, and after having been together for twenty four hours, they parted the very best of friends. It is difficult to imagine any race of Savages, more degraded in the scale of humanity than the wretched aborigines of Australia—they are hardly one remove from the brute creation, and appear to be totally destitute of any sort of fixed habitation. They live in tribes, and wander about the jungles in search of food, the supply of which it may be easily im- agined, is both scanty and precarious. The only skill they display is in throwing their spears, and this they certainly do with suprising precision— hitting a very small object at the distance of eighty or a hundred yards—with this weapon they spear fish and Kangaroos, but snakes, lizards, and In- deed every sort of reptile, is relished by them as excellent food, and when they fail to obtain this disgusting species of nourishment, they subsist on a sort of bulbus root, which is abundant in the forests, and which they find a tolerable substitute for keeping life and soul together. They are per- fectly naked, and exhibit the most emaciated, and skeleton like appearance. Their speed and agility are very surprising—they mount like monkies to the tops of the highest trees, with no other assis- tance, than that which they derive, from small notches, cut as they ascend, with a rude stone hatch- et, barely deep enough to admit the points of their toes. The difficulty of either learning their language, or of teaching them ours, is very consi- derable, and this difficulty arises out of a cause that is nearly ludicrous. Their powers of imitation are very extraordinary, and whatever question you ad- dress to them, they immediately repeat. If you say to them "what's the name of this," they instantly reply "what's a name a is"—if you repeat your en- quiry, and hold up the article for inspection, they continue to echo every word you say, until you are literally driven out of all patience. They appear to have no system of religion whatever, tho' they are certainly very superstitious, and betray great re- luctance to separate from their tribe during the night time. As well as I could understand, from the natives of King George's sound, they think they are haunted, by the ghosts of the dead. Mr Dale discovered something like a religious symbol, dur- ing one of his excursions into the interior, but this was the only instance of the kind that came to my knowledge during my stay, in Australia—he de- scribed an extremely rude figure of the Sun, which was cut in the rocky part of a cave, I think some where, near the Town of York—like all Savages they are much addicted to theft, and appear to have no sense of gratitude for any favors that may be conferred upon them. Captain Irwin, who com- mands the detachment, endeavoured all in his power to attach them to his Soldiers, from a sense of obli- gation—he fed them liberally from his stores, and treated them with all possible kindness, but the nature of the animal defeated all his exertions, and they were at length dismissed after repeated rob- beries. Though apparently deficient in general in- tellect, they are certainly blessed with abundance of cunning—they have become thoroughly acquaint- ed with the nature of our Fire Arms, and fully un- derstand, that the piece must be reloaded, before it can do them a second injury—when they deliver their Spear, they endeavour to distract your atten- ion from themselves, generally by calling out "Kangaroo," and then it is melancholy to say how frequently they succeed in slaying their victims. The men who are most exposed to injury are Shepherds attending their flocks, as they are necessarily alone and since the Savages have tasted our Mutton, they are on the constant look out for stray Sheep. On the first formation of the Colony, they were much alarmed at our Dogs ; but though they still hold them in great respect, they are not so terrified at them as formerly—if a Shepherd were to wear a sort of defensive Armour,—such as a plate of tin, fashioned to the shape of his body, I am quite sure their spears would not penetrate the metal, and if once they found this shield was impervious, they would become less daring in their attacks upon pro- perty. Providence appears to have decreed, that they shall gradually exterminate each other, for they in- variably destroy some individual of a neighbouring Tribe, whenever a member of their own has paid the debt of Nature—this practice will of course double their bills of mortality. They bury their dead I understand, in a sort of sitting posture, and I am told they hold the graves of their friends, in the greatest veneration. To be continued. 