Latest English Notes THE GENERAL ELECTION. ELECTION ANECDOTES. MACCLESFIELD.— Mr. O'Dillon, in the Times, charges Mr. Brocklehurst with bribery and treating. SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. Gowan, writing to Mr. Palmer, says, " Ralph Dale, a seaman of the Two Sisters, a collier, belonging to Messrs. Thomas and Edward Ball, of South Shields, having resisted the importunities of the latter, who had ordered him, as a matter off course, to vote for you, and having voted for me, according to promise and his principles, was this morning dismissed from the said Messrs. Ball's employment, in which he had served five voyages, not only without com- plaint, but with express satisfaction." SOUTHAMPTON.— Mr. Penleaze means to petition against the return for this town, on the score of bribery, and the allowance of improper votes by barristers. MANCHESTER.— The streets throughout the day were paraded with music and ban- ners, and the persons who assumed Mr. Cobbett's colours in the course of the night had been guilty of several outrageous at- tacks upon the committee-rooms of all the other candidates, with the exception of Mr. Hope's friends. Fortunately, through the speedy intervention of the municipal autho- rities of the town, the outrages were checked .at the expense of a few broken heads, and the capture of some dozen of the ringleaders and assailants. With this exception the whole of the proceedings during the contest were of a most peaceable character. HERTFORD.— It appears by the Times that the mob of this town are wholly Conserva- tive, and that no mob so mischievously ty- rannous has appeared anywhere. The elec- tion of Lords Ingestrie and Mahon is attri- buted in direct terms to threats and violence, and to every kind of intimidation. The re- form canvassers were not only insulted, but absolutely beaten by these ruffians, and pre- vented from sallying forth after nightfall. Mr. Duncombe, on the hastings, in reply to a charge made by Mr. Carter, used the gentle expression —" You lie." WHITBY. — An appeal to the House of Commons, against the return of the Tory, Mr. Chapman, is spoken of, and, it is as- serted, that the women and even the chil- dren of five years old have been rolling in the streets in beastly intoxication from the effects of treating. BURT ST. EDMUNDS.— The mob of Mr. Eagle, the Radical candidate, having broken the windows of Mr. Case, a magistrate, he presented a gun, and fired one barrel in the air, warning the mob of the consequence ; and the offence being repeated, he fired the other in the crowd, and wounded two per- sons. The excitement of the mob became dreadful, and they did not rest 'till Mr Case was lodged in the prison. DUNGARVON. — The country people from distant parts of the country assembled in multitudes, and carried sticks and stones in their hands and pockets. After the bloody appeal made by O'Connell, the dreadful work commenced ; stones were thrown in every direction ; we had literally showers of them. The hotel where Mr. Lamb and his friends wese was assailed, and the win- dows broken by Mr. Galway's party. Had it not been for the timely interference of the military from Youghal and Fermoy and the police, the consequences to life and proper- ty would have been dreadful. All the te- nantry of Lord Cremorne's property came in with sticks, and rushed through the streets, threatening all with conflagration and des- truction who should vote for Mr. Lamb. We have not, I am confident, on record an instance of a greater or more formidable species of intimidation. Agents were sent to the country last night, and a ringing of bells was heard in the country parts adjoin- ing the town. The country voters were assembled, and the agents of Galway told them to have their coffins ready if they at- tempted to vote for Mr. Lamb. Terror and consternation pervaded every part of this neighbourhood ; the freedom of election was never more violated. SHEFFIELD. —The dreadful and disgrace- ful rioting here was followed, on Monday, by an inquest on the bodies of John Grimes of Orchard-street, aged 23, Wm. Howard, of Lambert-street, 14, David Ogden, of Eyre-lane, 14, James Turton, of Wheel- don-street (married), 36, and James Jack- son, of Brown- street (married), who had been shot in a riot in front of the Tontine, on Friday evening. Mr. Badger, the coroner said as he might be required as a witness, he had called in Mr. Lee, the coroner for Wakefield, to preside, Mr. Badger said he had urged the people not to disgrace the exercise of their franchise. The crowd shouted, "to the bank," "the bank," " to Palpeyman's," &c.; " Go it," "go at him," &c.; Thrice read the Riot Act in different places. Was severely wounded, as were several of his supporters. The mob was chiefly low, dirty youths but there were some persons called respectable among them. They threatened to fire the Tontine. Some country magistrates came to aid the coroner ; they were also wounded while warning the people. When the military arrived they, too, were pelted with mud and stones. The civil power was unequal to suppress the riot. Only twenty of the soldiers loaded their pieces. Thomas Bosville, Esq., a magistrate, was severely wounded himself, and the soldiers more or less so, before he gave orders to fire. Captain H. Graves of the 18th regiment, said he marched from Rotheram with two companies on the order of the magistrates ; caused twenty men to load with ball-cartridge, or- dering them not to fire or move, however treated, until ordered by their own officers, who would not act without a magistrate's directions. The men entered the town, and formed, and were severely pelted and struck. Marched into the Tontine yard, and re-formed to bring the loaded guns to the front. Mr. Bosville twice distinctly ordered them not to fire. The magistrates ordered the firing to cease when twenty-one had fired. He and Ensign Milford enforced this order, which was not readily attended to. The firing lasted about one minute. To clear with bayonets would have been twenty times more destructive. The yeo- manry afterwards cleared the streets, and the mob was quiet. Verdict, "Justifiable Homicide." Colonel Jones's election expenditure was only £120 5s. 3d. for Mary-le-bone, Lord Althorp's for Northamptonshire is estimated at £15,000. WALSALL — The Wolverhampton Chronicle defends the magistrates of Walsall for sending for the Scots Greys, by declaring that the mob had already attacked the George Inn, and been repeatedly charged by the special constables, covered by a company of the 33d regiment, and that it was only when this terrible mob appeared unmanageable that the Scots Greys were allowed to clear the town. BATH. — A pleasant encounter took place in the poll booth at Sydney Gardens on Tuesday. Mr. Roebuck was in the booth when Foster entered, and Mr. West begged Mr. Foster's permission to introduce Mr. Roebuck to him. Mr. Foster declined the honour ; and when Mr. West attempted to introduce Mr. Roebuck, as the member for Bath, Mr. Foster said he desired not to know Mr. Roebuck, either in his public or private capacity. Mr. Roebuck followed him, and claimed satisfaction for the insult ; Mr. Foster denied having the honour of knowing by whom he was addressed. Mr. Roebuck offered his card, which Mr. Foster rejected ; afterwards, however, Mr. Foster wrote his name and handed it to Mr. Roe- buck, who offered his card, which Mr. Foster threw away. Mr. Roebuck then struck him a severe blow on the mouth, and the persons present separated the parties. SALISBURY. — £500 was offered for a vote. NORWICH. — £50 was given for a pair of bellows. SOMERSET. — The rioting at Abingdon was so great that the polling was suspended. NOTTINGHAM. — At Mansfield the distur- bances on the first day compelled the re- turning officer to adjourn the polling. NORTH HANTS. — During the polling at this election, the Marquis of Douro, by imprudently venturing himself among the mob at Andover, was very roughly handled ; and at Basingstoke the Rev. E. Harwood, a county magistrate, was, owing to similar imprudence, thrown down and rolled in the mud. SOUTH HANTS. — Mr. Fleming is accused of having ruffians to possess themselves of the front of the hustings, &c.; MIDLLESEX. — Mr. Shillibeer, patriotic omnibus owner, wrote to Mr. Hume a few days ago the following note :— " I much re- gret that I have not a vote to give you ; but feeling that it is the duty of every one to lend a hand towards effecting your re- turn for Middlesex, I will send one of my omnibuses to carry your voters from Char- ing-cross to King's-cross, to-morrow and Friday, free of any expense to you. Your bills shall appear on all my vehicles, not- withstanding that rank Tory, Sir C. Forbes, has sent to offer me a sovereign a day to stick his disgraceful bills upon my Omni- busses." LEEDS.— The following testimony from an anti-reformer is worth reading :— It must be confessed that the Reform Bill works ad- mirably with respect to the registration of votes, the seperation of polling places, and the brief duration of contests. During the late polling here there was not the slightest confusion ; scarcely any contact of parties. — Leeds Intelligencer. ESSEX. — So confident was Mr. Long Wel- lesley of being returned without opposition that he made all sorts of arrangements, and even betted odds, ere the day arrived for the contest. KENDAL.— A serious riot took place at Kendal, on Wednesday morning, at the commencement of the polling for the West- moreland election. The consequence was, that the polling was adjourned. At the time our informant left, the mob were every where attacking persons suspected to be at- tatched to the (Lowther) interest, and had committed numerous outrages on the persons and property of that party. We have not heard of any lives being lost. — Manchester Herald. YOUGHAL. — Mr. John O'Connell, a youth of eighteen, has been returned, Mr. Davis, the defeated candidate, in his ad- dress states — " Large bodies of strangers from the adjoining county were assembled during the day, and have been acting on an apparently concerted system of violence. Many of my most respectable friends have been cut with stones, savagely beat and trampled, and one was wounded even at my side." LIMERICK. — The excitement far exceeds any thing every witnessed. The streets are crowded with the partizans of the candidates exhibiting most violent feelings. The Court- house presented an extraordinary scene. The yelling, screeching, and uproar, was indiscribable. The center gallery was in the possession of men with shillelaghs, who were able and knew well how to use them. The front of the dock and every prominent place in the Court were occupied by men with large sticks. These they wdded with with wild zeal, accompanying each whirl with a shout, or rather shriek, for their re- spective favourites. A body of men rushed from the centre of the Court towards the hustings, which were instantly cleared of candidates, proposers, seconders, and all. Gentleman were seen collaring gentlemen — peasants measuring sticks with peasants. Those who wished to escape the general fray scrambled and tumbled towards the diffe- rent egressess ; and in the midst of this alarming scene, the Sheriffs, with Mr. Vokes, and a paity of police, rushed in by the rear of the hustings, and commenced clearing the Court. BANDON. —During the latter part of the election, every shop in the North Main- street was closed, and most of those in the other parts of the town. The military were obliged to charge, and several of the coun- trymen received bayonet "prods." The shops of the supporters of Captain Bernard were surrounded by crowds, who beat and ill-treated every person who attempted to buy in them. By accounts just received from Africa, it appears that a quarrel has arisen between the King of Ashantee and Boitteene, Chief of Gowlin, which threatens fresh distur- bances to the people of the Gold Coast. The origin and consequences of this quarrel strongly exemplify the ferocity of the com- batants, and will probably be attended with disastrous effects to the trade of the country, as Boitteene is endeavouring to excite those tribes in his favour in whose recollection the cruelties and oppression of the King of Ashantee are still fresh. He has sent mes- sengeis to the water-side, who affirm the quarrel to have originated in the aversion of their master to the continuance of the war with the Anglo Fantees ; but the actual source of the feud is of a more domestic nature. One of the wives of Boitteene had been guilty of adultery with a slave ; the injured husband was desirous of expiating the crime, not only by the death of the adulterer, but by the slaughter of his whole family. To this the King of Ashantee objected ; an interchange of messages, commencing in civility, graduating to sar- casm, and terminating in defiance, suc- ceeded. The King of Ashantee having warned all strangers and traders to withdraw from the scene of the approaching conflict, as the quarrel was a " family affair," at- tacked his adversary, whose troops after an obstinate and bloody contest, were com- pletely routed. Both sides at first supposed that Boitteene had been slain, and, by reason of this mistake the pursuit of the vanquished was slackened. At Coomassie the capital of Ashantee, a messenger from the field of battle entered the royal presence, and throwing a lacerated human arm before the "golden stool," exclaimed, "I bring you, O King, the flesh of your brother and your enemy !" This mistake was, however, fatal to the family of Boitteene, who, on the report of his death at the place of their re- treat, were immediately put to death by their own guards and eunuchs, to prevent their falling alive into the hands of their enemies. Boitteene, overwhelmed with despair at this fatal catastrophe, threw away his ornaments and gold dust, to disappoint the cupidity of his pursuers. One of the companions of his flight, having had his mouth filled with gold dust by the chief, to prevent his ghost fiom complaining of poverty, finished his existence by shooting himself with his own musket. Another miserable fugitive, belonging to Cape Coast, was taken alive into the presence of the King of Ashantee, and, and after an inef- fectual entreaty for mercy, received from his lips the fatal sentence "coom" (kill), ac- companied with the horizontal motion of the hand, and was immediately slaughtered be- neath the fatal bunian tree at the gate of the palace. Boitteene has made good his re- treat to Alkin, to the north of Accra. He has been joined by his scattered troops, and is preparing a predatory warfare against Ashantee ; he is busily engaged in exciting both natives and Europeans to render him their assistance. 