TO TE EDITOR OF TOF H SYDNEY 1IoNITon. SySydey, Nov 5th, 1833. SIn. IN your lust No, you state that, JUDts BuaTow objected to a Catholic witness mak ing the sign of the cross, " understanding that the lower orders of the Catholic persuusion used this ceremony, not as an act of devout reverence, but too often as justifying mental reservation"' and " that the Catholic clergy couhl explain this point of conscience." Now, Sir, I have been in the daily discharge of the duties of a Catholic Priest for the lust fourteen years, and had ample opportunity of knowing the ideas not only of Irish, but of many French, Spanish, German, and American Catholics on this point; and in no one. in stance have I ever been able to discover, that any Catholic used the sign of the cross on taking an oath, for the purpose of covering ,rnvarication or mental reservation. Catholics make the sign of the cross hefore'erery act of religion ; and no act is mere siltmn tlIan that of calling the Supreme Being to witne5s the truth of an attestation; Ihey look on this sacred sign as a memorial, to guard them ug;lnat temptation, and to repel the suggest ions of evil. And aus there is often dangecr of deviating from the truth in giving evidence, a Catholic witness arms himself with the sign of the cross, in order to strengthen himself against the damning sin df perjury. An extract from the Catechism, whilh every Catholic who knows his religion must have learned, will give you an idea of the religions feelings of Catholics in mlaking the sign of the cross, Q. Why do we make the sign of the cross? A. To beg that Jesus Christ, by his cross, and pussion, In ? iy less and protect us. Q. Should we freqluently make the sign of the cross ? A. Yes; .particularly in all- temptations and dangers, and before and after prayer.; but always with great attention and devotion. Q. What does-the sign of tihe cross signify? • !. It signiEfis od ,bt ings to our mindsi; the principal mysteries of religion-the blessed Trinity, and the incarnation antd death of our "Saviour. .Q How does the sign of the cross remind? ,us of these mysteries ? A. Because, in making the sign the cross, we invoke the three diviuie pelsols, saying, in the name of the Pat her, nili of the Stnt, and of the Holy Ghost. And as our Saviour tnlliered death on a cross, the sign of the cross tunsl Inaturally remind ;ill true Chltistians of his -incarnation and death." Such, Sir, is the doctrine of a Catholic "wiith regard to to the sign of the cross--there is 'little datlgi:r of thel mental reservation of a Cathdlie 'witnest, who makes that sign as talght by his Church. ''lTe prac:ice is of the hlghlesi Christihn uantiquity. Ter!ulliar , a'dis tingutished writer at the close of tile second centtury, says, " when we set forward on a -journey, when- we go abhtlad. or. come home, or when 'we dress, in call our conlversationl, we sign our foreheads with the sig'n . I'the cross," 'T'lhe illustrious St. Chsrspostorn writes, " let us have the si'n of t/he cross in our hottses,on dir w\itlnows, on our foreheads, at:d ill our minds, with much devotion " Tl:tis short explanation wil, I trust, induce smtne to" respect, if nIot imlliate tile Catholie use of'the si~ln of tilhe sy?ribol of our rcdelllp tion. The Catholic clergy will he alwvays ready to..givnan cncounl t of anTy doctrinle or ccremoIny of thieir religion, and none more so, than, oSir, 'Yours 'RespectfullyV, d. S. W ENCRC?t. [This' is a very lbectmling letter from a cletgymtan ; anId"iwith respect to Overy act or ceremony of devottonr, among all sccas of men, we have onllayto say with tle enlightened Paul, -' ldt 'every "maflt he fully persttlulel in his minod;" and ; whatever I:Irtnless ceremotty be pdrfirmned, let it he done to the honour of Cod. En.] 