• BAKBITO ; OR THE GHOST OF CUENCA.. • A Spanish Tale. Under the reign of Philip the Second, in Ihe environs of Cucnca. in New Cas ile, on the banks of tlie river Xucar, dwelt a ricli Jiidalgo, named Don Lopez. He possessed a rood heart, a goad constitution, a good table, numerous friends, and was, in every .respect, a happy wan. He went regularly to<5hurc|i, feared the Inquisition, honoured .the king,-and was, in.short, every thing'that" a Spaniard ought to be for his salvation, his credit, pnd bis repose. Eachday did Dan Lopez bless his fortunate destiny:—" What have I done (said tie) that'Hcaven should overwhelm me with its gifts ? I have the honour of belonging to the first nation iu the universe ; I have shared its glory ; I have fought under the standard of the great commander, and I have seen, at Pavia, Francis the First taken prisoner. In my private concerns, 1 h^vo nothing to wish for : my wife is virtuous and sedate, biy tastes are lier's ; and when she speaks, she utters my cxactseiriments, and I even sometimes think that she Clothes them in prettier language than I should have done ; she even spares me llio trouble of -scolding our servants, who, I must own, often deserve it. Our only cause for grief is not. having any children ; but in this life we'must resign ourselves to some trouble or other. I have some relations to whom I am tenderly attached, who return my attachment, and friends, who never leave me: they are a large family who surround me voluntarily for my happiness and their own.; they love mc ; they are people of good, sense: I know not how it is, but they a/e alwtiys of my opinion ; for why should they descend to {lattery f 1 give them a dinner, it is true; but is a:dinner worth pu-oli^sins? Does not one of my guests, the reverend il father Ignaeio, say. that man needs but liltle." Tliis worthy prior of <lic order of •St. Jerome, in cJFecl, was continually repeating this adage ; yet he particularly distinguished the fowls of Cucnc.B, and ihe game of Bad^joz, and uever mistook the wine of Biscay for that of Lit Alancha. Dpn Lopez, in ihe midst of his happiness, hail one cause of vexation ; he would have wished to procore for those by whom lie was surrounded some new unexpected pleasure, which tftiRht an<rment and enliven the sum.oT e lrllily felicity which he believrd ti.ey shared with him. After bavins lon<* meditated, he at lcii|i)h conceived a plan of giving himself and others ihe pleasure of a very novel, . very extraordinary, very great, and very unexpected surprise. Uc resolved to.dis- .appear ; and in a very seiious manner too. as those do who depart this, lift-, and are buried. He enjoyed the change which in six months lie should behold in the counte- nances of h s d^a'r friends, and kind relatives. What a sweet,, happy, unexpected, agreeable transition, from the deepest Brief " in ihe inost lively joy, »ou!d they experience, "when he should fall amidst tbcm as if from 1he clouds, and they would hear him say : " Dry up "your tears, here I am !" I suspect from whence lie derived the idea of his plan. Not long: before, CbprJes the I'ifth had Caused himself to be. pompously inlerred in his convent of Estremadnra, and this had set poor Lopez's head to work. A new proof of the circumspection which princes Wight to maintain in the examples which they hold forth to public notice. Only one* week intervened between tlie conception and the execution of his project. Don Lepee confided his intentions to a faithful servant,' and afterwards pretended • toT>e taken very ill, and bccamc progressive ly worse and worsp, All the phy icians of Cucnca were of opinion that he would not rcoover, as 'lie refused, for a very good reason, to aljow himself to be bled, which four of them had ordered as a preliminary prescription, according to the. practice of the faculty of Madrid. ; At length,' wearied with his obstinacy, ihey abandoned him, and drc'arcd him a dead rtjan: ' His servant, the only person he jnpiy pl jpwed to approach him, hastily formed a resemblance ofhis master wlYh clothstuffcd with straw r while Don Lopez made his r scape by a back staircase, and galloped away towards Cadiz, where he proposed to embark for the Low Countries ; while Pe? tlriilo announced his decca&e; to his wife and friends, who' were all too much grieved to look at bit corpse, and soon he was inte-red with great pomp in the principal cburcil of Cuenca. • . . - . . . | All the hells in Cucnca were in motion; . surrounded by priests, aod followed by nu-1 ; lucrouv mourners, the false Don Lopez was I . carried to the cathedral, which was hung . svith'blackj ihe live aisles, and all the small chapels, were illuminated.. The reverend father Ignaeio delivered with great empho- j _ sis.the .funeral sermon, and.tbe choristers , jsaiig ilic <te profundi!: with such compass of .di^plajftdjpjiHifeh^cienc^^hat HHwrnnprcssipn tlicy gaveta the congregation is no\7^| : ,forgotton-. Mqajitvhile Don Lopez arrived, without • aiiv jii^ycbl, in tlie Low Countries, and re- \- sbfvfcdtoenfer the armj; to amuse himself •during tlie pctiod he proposed being absent. He found himself just in time to gain the 'battle of St. Quintin;and to lose the little fin- • £cr ofhis left hand.' This circumstance was r-Tcn mentioned in the newspapers of those ^jjplBiSjrlmt^Jnder.'lhe name of Don Viotorio, as it will easily be conceieved that Don . ilrfPTZ "nvished to refaain incognito. His r faithful servant Pedrillo soon join-sd liiin, and fare liiui the account of his fun era Ij but fearful 1 of deterring him from his project, he.concealed a part of the grief wiiteli his friends a (id relatives felt at. his loss, pedrillo., however, did not hide from his mastiet;, that,when leaving the house on a plausib'e.prptext, of all those to whom he bade adieu, the one lie had tbe.'most difficulty ,to make remain, at Cuenca, was Barbito. Barbilo was .a dog from.ihe Pyrenees, as liandsouie as brave, as strong as faithful, and whojn LtOpez had brought up from a puppy. Our traveller felt extremely grateful to his dpar Barbito for the attachment he had shown ; asPedrillo informed him, that since his disappearance, the poor animal had remained stationary beside the clothes of his master. Don Lopez prombssed that on liis return his dog should be fed on rabbits and partridges, arid that on the 28th of August, the day on which he had shown so affecting a mark of h s remembrance, he should have an olla-podrjda for himself. tfiose who served under lite standard of Mars, run more than one risk. Don Lopez w>s made a prisoner, by a knight from Lower Brittany, who conducted him to his castle, where he kept him in close confinement, un til the warwasatan end, which did not happen till after the expiration'of two tedious years. Daring the whole of (bis time, Don Lopez did not hear a word of what was going forward in ftew Castile', and could only see from his prison the tops, of the chimneys of Quimper-G'orentin, tn this interval a few events had occurred at Cuenca. The grief which every one had felt at the dpath of Don Lopez. wa9 too violent to be of long duration. The worthy Cactilian, it must be observed, was prudence itself, and to he certain of finding his house exactly as he had left it,, had taken the precaution ofbrquentli ng all he . possessed to. his wife Donna Beatrice. She was, ps we have already said, a virtu ius, careful, orderly wnman, who bqd not even deranged a chair out of the place which it 4iad held for fifteen years. The will was found in the dcceascd's secretaire ; but his beluv- d nephews, who had reckoned upon inheriting the fortune ol their uncle, disputed the validity of the bequest. A lawyer discovered that a comma was inserted where there slmuld have been a full stop, and a particlc where a conjunction ought tn have been placed. The afldir was brought before the corregidor, and from the corrcgidor to the oydor of tlie royal audiencc of 'Vulenlia, and from these it tvas handed to the oydor of the chancery of Grenada; who, on r.c.-oujit of the comma, gave it in favour of the nephews. Thus the affair was settled, and die ne. pliews took immediate possession of Don Lope?.'* fortui c. The house, with a very slender pittance, was all that remained to Donna Beatrice : but as her tastes were simple, and her wants small, as her wotkbfig remained in the same place, her provisions of chocolate in the same cupboard, aiid her parrot's-na^e in the same corncr, she was only grieved because the loss of her suit made her remember that of her husband. Tliis news, however, was the theme of conversation in. all the surrounding pro vinces. Don Lopes, onre more free, and disgusted wi h his proj cl, returned to his own Inusc with at least as much speed-as he had left it. At an inn al Sarngossa, lie was informed of what had happened ; he was rather astonished, but he had no doubt that his appearance would give muci. more astonishment' to bis nephews, and re-cs ahlish every thing in its usual order. Instead of a splendid feast, which h- had intended to have caused toli.e prepared previous to his appcarancc, iu the midst of which he proposed to have fallen, as if from the clouds, and to have spread universal joy, he hastily ran home to inform his wife that all that had happcued was a joke, whi.li he had not intended should have lasted so long. He prccipitatcly entered, and found Donna. Beatrice sealed in the same arm-chair, on the same side, and employed at the same work, always some ornament for our Jady of Cuenca. He rushed in with all the impatience of au affectionate husband. Doiina Beatrice was, perhaps, thinking of him, but she did.not exi eet to see him, and had no sooner beheld him, than, making the sign of the cross, she fell upon her knees before ihe image of St. James ofCompostello: "Oh.' ray beloved husband," she exclaimed, " do not hurt mc, you know I never vexed yin," Don Lopez would have approached her, bot.she continued.hiding her face with her hands. ''Oh, Holy Virgin! do not touch me," my dear husband ; return, return : if your soul needs something, I promise to have two masses saiii for its reposp ; depart, depart, I besench you, or you will make me expire with fear." Tlie good hidalgo seeing that bis wife took Mm for a glion, and -was too tnncli terrified lo hearken to liirn, knew not whether to laugh or cry; but to restore her ihe sooner to her senses, be detetniincil tn run to the convent of St. Jerome, and visit ihe reverend father Ignaeio. He found the prior employed in copying for the wetk a sermon written by a missionary at Gallieia, which he intended ti apply to his own use ; it ran oil the'' appearance which evil- spirits may assume in order lo tempt the danghtcis of the lord, and was to be preached in all tlie nunneries of Cuenea, which amounted to six .Scarcely had Sou Lopez entered, and opened his lips-to make himself known lo liis old. friend, than the monk, who was wrapped in bis subject, and whose mind was not the (host resolute, looked at him.with a countenance expressive of the lit- _ most dismay. The poor unfortunate ghost, iu' despair at the state of terror in which lie had left-his wife; and not los astonished at the stupefaclion of Iguacio, pulled him redely by the' sjeeve. ^TJiic roused the fat prior, as if he had awakened from his nap after a good'dinner ; and divided belwixt the devil, whem lie had been attacking iu his serroqn, and tlie figure of Don Lopes; which the devil alone could have assumed, lie hastily fled through thedoorwliicliliad remained open, and without looking once beliipd him, loft the field to Don Loper, or rather, as he imagined, to an evil spirit. Don Lopei now lelt the convert, and repaired to the house of his nephews. He first gained access to the youngest, nbom.be asked whether he did not re'eogriite him ? The young man, who did not believe in ghosts, bnr'st into a lend langh. "Thank God," exclaimed Don Lopez, "I Lave at length found a reaFonable- lieini;." He then nephew, and to relate how his wife and the prior had takeu him for what he was not; lie assured them lie was no spirit, but real flesh and blood, mid his loving niiole, the good hidalgo Lopez, who still bad a particular affection for him ; and concluded by asking for his fortune, which they had taken possession of a great deal too soon. 'I he young man, who was a satirical Andalusiau, laughed; still loader, and said: "Go your way, good man, yon have been wept for." Don Lopes, at these words, got into a great pa sion, which was very natural for a man to do u'bp was really wlial he said, and yet was treated as an impostor. The noise drew the attention of the elder brother, who soon made his appearance. Stil our Castilian did not meet with a more favourable re.ccpiion from him ; his threats anden- Ireaiiej were all equally useless. Soon they were surrounded by. the servants, and many of the neighbours ; one said, that it could not be Don Lo|u s, Ihe hidalgo, for he had been at his funeral; another, that father Ignaeio bad preached the funeral sermon ; and a third, that he bad 'carried a taper in the procession. All agreed that the unknown bore some small resemblance to Don Lopez, but thai made him the more lo be feared.- A little man, in a black coat-, judiciously observed, that it would be right to secure his person, and lo take hiin before the corregidor. This artvicc was approved of by every body, but more particularly by the nephews. They were proceeding~io put it into execution, notwithstanding the very natural fnrv of our poor hidalgo, when four alguazils entered and seized; him in ihe name of the Holy Inquisition, snd forced him, not without some resisiance, to accompany lb; in lo this very rcspcctablu tribunal. M'e«hall not oive a detailed account of Ihe examination of Don Lopir., nor the torture which was inflicted on him, in order to makehimconfess what devil had taken possession of him, and to what class it belonged. The pood hidalgo dlsp'ayed great fortitude for the three first glasers nf water which he was compelled lo swallow ; hut when iliey extended liini oil a iible, and fixed an enormous funnel to his lips, to double or treble the fatal beverage, bis courage forsook him, and lie would have declared himself a devil of an;, class tlicy had n'.tased, if a loud noise had no'l suddenly arisen, which made the dismal vault re-echo, and arrested tlio attention of the executioners. The sound of Astolfilio's horn, or thai of the triimpels uf Israel, when iliey caused the downfall of the walls of Jericho, could only be com pated with the voiceso thousand limesrepeatcd. which awakened all Ihe echoes of this dread abode. The familiars fell on their knebs, thinking that the day of judgment was rome ; .poor Don Lopez raised himself up: the prn Srojipen from the hand of the secretary ; and the inquisitor grew pale. It wis Barbito, Ihe faMiliil. ihe f prions Barbito. He had traced his matter's footsteps, first lo the convent of St. Jc rome, and from llience to the Inqiiisiiion ; the gaolers through fear, and the dogs of the prison III rough friendship, had allowed him to enter. I'ho impatieut, furious animal, seemed toaskfor iiis'mafter,and no sooner pcrccivcd him, than he brew down every thing which impeded his progress, leaped on the table, licked his faee and hands, and then crouched at his feet. Woe to those who would have dared to molest him 1 Barlulo in an instant changed the fate"of Dvrt Lopez. The most be could before have hoped, would have been Imprisonment for life, after •laving figured at an auto daft ; but Ihe dog's testimony Was a flash ot light which instantly convinced Ihe seeielarjr. He was a little wise man, who was at ibat time publishing a dissertation on • he souls of beasts. Barbito had just arrived in 'Ime lo cenfirm his system ; he demonstrated to the inquisitor that the icsiimonyof a dog would never lie doubted ill any country. What also assisted to exculpate Don Lopei from ihe imputation of being a devil in disguise, was, that Ihe lillle inun perceived he did not smell of sulphur, as was the ease with those who. usually passed ihroujzh Ins hands. . Barbito and hie master were immediately conduct* d by the sect alary to Donna Beatrice. 1 hit sood lady could scarcely support the united cmo lions of fear and conjugal affection which assailed her; but ihe hidalgo could not help perceiving that his arrival bad somewhat disturbed her V.'c have already observed, that she was vety methodical-; for two years she bad been accustomed lo the garb and deportment of a widow, she must now resume that of a wife ; but she was feO worthy a woman, and so much attached to her husband, that she was only vexed for a few hours, and afterwards thought of nothing but the happiness she experienced in seeing hiin again: Don Lopez's wife was the only person who followed the example of Barbito. The two nephews, who had inherited his fortune, would not acknowledge him ; and would only own that lie bore some faint resemhlcuce to the defunct. The reverend father^ Iguacio, endeavoured to excuse himself, on the plea of having preached his funeral scimon. Don Lopez recovered no part of his possessions ; as independent of the trouble which a retrograde step must have occasioned, the corregidor of Cnenca, the royal assembly of Valentia, and ihe Chancery nf Grenada, could not be found to bare erred in their decision. But the little secretary, who supported bis book in protecting Don Lopez; had a sister who .was first waiting-maid lo the King's mistress, Donna Clara de Mcndoce, whom at that lime Titian was painting in the character of Venus and Ihe waitingmaid introduced tbe worthy Lopez and bis dog lo this celebrated beauty. The first act of benevolence certainly came from a wolnab. Donna Clara warmly espoused the hidalgo's cause and made the most or lifs adventures, when she related them to the Ring, from Barbito down to the little finger which lie had lost. She would see nothing but misfortune and his goodness ; bnt his majesty legavdcd the services of a brave Spaniard, and gave hiin a pension from his private purse. Don Lopez purchased Ihe little secretary's l.ook, and wrote the above relation to warn those who may wish to adopt a similar whim, to be careful to make themselves recognised by their favourite dog. * 