SONG OF THE DEPARTING SPIRIT OF TITHE. It is o'er, it is o'er, my reign is o'er ; I heard a Voice, like that of yore, Wliich over the earth its waihngs spread, Crying aloud, ' Great Pan isdead 1'— Such voice I hear, from shore to shore, Prom Dunfauagby to Baltimore. And it saith, in sad, parsonic tonfy ' Great Tithe, — and small, — are dead and gone !' Kven now I behold your vanishing wings, 'Ye tenths of all conceivable tilings Which Adam first, as Doctors deem, Saw, in a sort of night-jnare dream,* After that feast of fruit abhorr'd,— First indigestion on record ! — Ye decimate ducks, ye chosen chicks, Ye pigs, wliich, even when Catholics, Or of Calvin's most select depraved, In the Church must have your bacon saved ;— Ye fields, where Labour counts bis sheaves, And, whatsoever himself believes, Must bow to th' Established Church-belief, That die tenth is always a Protestant sheaf;— Ye calves, of which the Man of Heaven Takes Irish tithe, one calf in seven ;t — Ye tenths of rape, hemp, barley, flax, Eggs, timber, milk, fish,— and bees' wax ; AH things, in short, since earth's creation, Doomtfby the Church's dispensation, To suffer eternal decimation,— Leaving the whole lay world, since then, Reduced to nine parts out of ten ; Or,— a* we calculate thefts and arsons Just ten per cent, the worse for Parsons ! Alas, and is all this device For the saving of souls thus gone in a trice f— The whole put down, in the simplest way, By the eouls resolving NOT to pay ! And even the 'Prpists, thankless race, Who have bad so much the easiest cast, — To PAY FOR our sermons dooro'd, tis true, But not condemned to hear them, too,— (Our holy business being, tis known. With the ears of their barley, not their own,) Kven THEY object to let us pillage, By right divine, their tenth of tillage, And, horror of horrors, even decline To find us in sacramental wine - J It is o'er, it is o'er, my reign is o'er ; All never shall rosy Rector more, Like the shepherds or Israel, idly eat, And make of his flock ?' a pray and meat.' No more shall be his the pastoral sport OF suing liis flock in the Bishop's Court, Through various steps, Citation, Libel,— Scriptures all, but not the Bible,— Working tbe law's whole apparatus To get at a fewpre-doom'd potatoes, And summoning all the powere of Wig, To settle the fraction of a pig I— Till, parson and all committed deep In the case of ' Shepherd versus Sheep,' Tlie Law usurps the Gospel's place, And, on Sundays, meeting face to face, While Plaintiff fills the preachers station, Defendants form tbe congregation. So lives he, Mammon's prieU, not Heaven's, For tenths thus all at sixes and sevens, Seeking what parsons love no less Than tragic poets, a good DISTRESS. Instead of studying St. Augnstin, Gregory Nyss., or old St Justin, (Books fit only tt- hoard dust in,) His reverence stints his evening readings To learo'd Reports of Tithe Proceedings, Sipping, the while, that port so ruddy, Which forms hie only ancient study ;— Port, to «Jd, you'd swear it's tartar Was .of the age of Justin Martyr, ' And, had the Saint sipp'd such, iio doubt His martyrdom would have been— to gout. And is all then lost J— alas, too true,— Ye tenths beloved, adieu, adieu ! My refen is o'er, my is reign is o'er,— Like Old Thumb's ghost, ' I can no more.' 