PIGS. ADDRESSED TO THOSE "ABOUT TO LEAVE BUSINESS!' Miserable arc those thrifty traders, who, having crammed their bags " e'en to bursting" with gold and bank paper, shut up shop, and endea vour gradually to accustom themselves to the sight of green turf, ere they are called upon to sleep under if. Mr. Pettitoes wns one of those unhappy beings. He had, in his day, shed oceans of pigs' blood, and had grown immensely rich by the sanguinary em ployment. One day, however, his evil genius whispered, "Pettitoes, sell your business, and go arid live at your ease in the country." We much doubt whether the suggestion of the genius would have of itself prevailed, had it not been most op- portunely backed by the whirling by of the hand- some carriage of Mr. Figdust, late grocer of Oxford- street, but then Cincinnatus of Battersea Rise. Enough: Pettitoes "sold his business;" behold him in the country. Pettitoes had a fine family-three daughters, born, it would seem, with a mortal hatred of pigs a splendid house, gardens beautifully laid out, graperies, pineries, arable land, peacocks strutting on the lawn, and golden pheasants glittering in the wide preserves. To these delights may be added the Morning Advertiser every day ; and, had he deigned to consult them, the twenty new novels (subscribed for by the young ladies) every week. What greater delight could fall to the fate of a re- tired pork-butcher, tainted with a touch of the roman'ic 1 And yet, after a time, Mr. Pottitoes lost his customary suavity, became careless of his attire, of gentlemanly out, and once or twice struck his family' with consternation, by handing, in an absent and mysterious manner, his father's ivory bnfted killing-knife, religiously preserved by his pious son. Mrs. Pettitoes and her daughters unanimous for once-declared that Mr. P. " wns not at ease. What could be the matter with"bim 1" Unreflecting souls-they had tlieir new-novels, tlie last new songs of the butterflies, lectures on chymistry, aud the Egyptian hierogliphics, to occu- py their minds'-but not so Mr. Pettitoes': be, in- deed, iu the eloquent language of his sympathising, family, " was not at ease." Could they have entered into his mind, tbey would have seen how grotesquely were reflected there all the beauties of surrounding nature. To his mental vision, every oak, beech, or elm, seemed lo take the shapa of a huge " band" or ...leg" of swine's flesh-a hedge of hornbeam was but a Brobdignag lion-the row of poplars so many gigantic skewers-Sylph, the Italian greyhound, had bristles in his back, and the peacocks did not Bcienm but grunt. Gentle reader, let not this des- cription of our hero's mind appear forced and extra vagant. It is the common malady of the retired trader to assimilate the objects of rustic life to the things of his former, and happier state. As the sailor beholds " gi eon meadows in the salt seas, and hears the bloating of the sheep," so does the retired ten-dealer or pawnbroker (we, of course, mean those -with whom books are nought) clothe the fields aud hedges willi hyson and souchoug, and sea the three balls, glistening like Virgil's 'golden branch, from every tree. Could they-writo their confessions, what drolleries would they not give us-what .hackney-coaches running in the milky way-what ekvlarks singing the twopenny-postman's bells -what Naiads and Hermadryads frisking it in comely wbitey-bro«vn aprons and elbow-sleeves. Thus it was with Mr. Pettitoes: all his dreams, his waking -feelings, ran on pigs; it was in vain thal he tried to divert his mind by reading. He sent for "-Hogg's "l'aies," but was disgusted and disappointed. S lui is- peare was only saved from his'contempt by two lines-"Where hast been, sister?"-"Killing swine!" Oh, acutely wretched is that golden wretch, who, dragged by Plutus from the joyous j town, creeps over fields and adown hedges, twisting "buds and flowers into numerals and £s. d. The -glorious sun is to him but a bright new shilling, and when be gazes at the moon, he reads there " GeorgiuslV. Dei Gratia Rex !" Our friend Pettitoes wrestled with circumstances, but it was in vain, he succumbed to the ruling passion, and, like a true philosopher, it was observed that he displayed a greater serenity of mimi, when it was evident he knew the worse. His family wondered athis composure- they were still more astonished -when tbey discovered its cause ; for, it is a curious fact-a fact well worthy of the attention of those " nboiit to return from business"-that from-the ino rticut Paulines Imd rpf-o.ved once moro to keep pigs, from that moment he became more civilized und companionable. Great, however, was the terror of the wife and duughters when they discovered lhat, ' to íeceive the purchased pigs in due state, it had .been deemed necessary by Mr. Pettitoes to demo- ' lisli a magnificent green- house. The fucias, the ge- raniums, the ranunculuses, gave way to boars and "farrow sows, with long-tailed pigs, shott-tailed pigs, pigs with crispy tails, and pigs minus such devia- tions. Mrs. Pettitoes was astounded-the young Indies vehemently remonstrated, Pettitoes, however, flew from domestic strife, and solaced himself at ihe pig's-sty. There, at all times, might he be seen," his eye gliding up and down some plethoric porker, as though, in his mind's vision, he was cutting up the breathing animals into bauds, legs, loins, and chops. Had Pettitoes been transformed by Circe, he would have surely wejjt when set again upon his two legs. In order, as he thought, to mollify the ire of his wife and daughters, our tradesman chris- tened his grunting family after the heroes and hero- ines of modern poems, novels, and songs. There might be seon, located in various styes, *' Pelham," and " Eugene Aram." the " Lost Heir," und the " Man of Refinement." " Satan" waa a great boar, and " Alice Gray" had ¿farrow of tliiiteen. The desecration oi all that the female Pettitoes held beautiful, only served to whet their disgust al poik, and to send Mr. Pettitoes from his carpetted roora, hung round with genuine Morlands, to obtain tranquillity and eiijo- rrnnt at the piggery. For some time wa9 oui tradesman satisfied with looking at the objects of bia al'ection ; it was enough for bim to see the backs of his darlings widen, and the legs to become massive with the best of fat. At length, however, he felt his native thirst for blood, and it was observed that, after a time, he never visited the piggery uitbout fumbling about at his knife, li was in vain-he gave bin solt up to his fate-he would take his old shop. He did take it, paying the tenant an immense premium togo out. When Pettitoes'wife and-daughters learnt his resolution, they fainti-d ; it is -.aid that for t iree days horrible shrieks wero heard in the neighbourhood. Fortu- nately, however, for the gentle sex, " as woman," as Madama de Wureus might have said, " who screams is not dend," Pettitoes was not called upon to go in snblt-s. The ladies, of course, did not ac- company Pettitoes to town ; no, they kept tha coun- try-house, and lived with their flitting companions, the peacocks, and the golden pheasants. Pettitoes re-opened bis shop ; the day be again-ap- peared in public his face bad a fresüer glow-bis *teel glittered in the morning sun-his apron and his »Ireves neveT looked so blue. In niet,.he appeared more than a vulgar butcher- there was a certain re- gimental air about him ; indeed, it might have been snid of him, as of a great general, he looked " but- cher to the King." By degrees the piggery at Battersea Rise was cleared of its inhabitants. A large part of " Childe Harold" was minced into sausages-" Eugene Aram" wns once more anatomised for the benefit of the public-the family of " Alice Grey" went at from -seven to ten shillings each- " Satan" was drained into black puddings, and the " Undying One" hung for two days, with a gash from ear to ear. Of course the family never deigned to visit Petti toes at the shop. Too' proud, however, was the husband and the father, if his wife and daughter». at their country residence, would suffer him to send tbein down a joint of pork. . Tbey bad their novels, tlieir harps, and their auriculas-but Pettitoes was again in business ; he had his apron, his knife, and his pigs.-JF/iùla/cei'» Monthly Mugan»«?. * Tory Pride.-It is now very gene- rally admitted, bv tbeir warmest partisans, that it ivas to their personal hauteur and tinapproachaliletiess that the Tories mainly owed their expu sion from o iii co ; and that if instead of listening only to, their little world of Downing-street, they had sought information in a wider circle, tbey would have learnt what public feeling an 1 opinion was, and conformed heir conduct to tberi knowledge.-Morning Paper. Making .Holiday.--At the splendid ptocession whioh'took place at Kincardine, in honour of his Majesty's birth-day, the sobool-boys be- longing to the place ttmlod out and lent their juvenile aid to onlionce the loyal festivities. The sunny-faced urchins catried flags and bannors, and were each decoratod with n reform scarf I On one of thoir ensigns was inscribed a world's lesson, " The schoolmaster is abrond !"- Scotsman. [No doubt of it} if he been at home the urchins would have been at (heir hooks, and the sunshine on thoir faces probably under n cloud.] A Sickener.-A writer in the John Bull suva, " wo aro very sick of hearing about Lord "Milton." Wo do not in the least d'uibt the truth of ibis, Lord Milton having given the Tories a sickener, which they will long remembor.- Ileiald. The Toles.-In 1315, the Swiss threw off the yoke of Austria; in 1609, the Dutch released themselves from Spanish bondage ; and 1782 was the era of American independence. Whv should not the Poles be equally-successful in 18311 Refuted Incapacity of the En otisu Fon Business after. Dinskr.-When the congreve rocked were first introduced into the navy, the admiral on the Brazil station proposed to exhibit to the King, Don Juan VI, the effect of these formidable projectiles. His majesty consen- ted, and the whole court wero accordingly assembled in the balconies of the palace at the Rio, for the purpose of witnessing the spectacle. By some mis- hap, o/ rery frequent occurrence in the early history of these missiles, at the moment of firing the tube veered round, and the rocket, instead of flying over to Praia grande, took the opposite direction, and foil and exploded in the great square, almost beneath the windows of the palace. The consternation of the. king was only equalled by the mortification of the admiral, wbo immediately despatched an officer on shore to explain the oause of the contretemps to his majesty ; and offering to let off another, but the terrifie I monarch would not. " I have n great respect,"'said he, "for my good allies, the English, hut after dinner they are absolutely fit for nothing." -IvViittufcer'i Monthly Magasin: «Early Parliamentary- Opposi- tion-.-It appears, by the journals of the House of Lords in 1552, that several peers were opposed to the act of uniformity. That the Earl of Detby and several of the bishops, should have protested against this act, and its impracticable provisions, which act piesumptuously assumed " to be drawn up by tlie aid of the Holy Ghost," could not be matter of wonder ; but why his lordship, and the Earls of Rutland and Sussex, the Viscount Here- ford, and Lords Monteagle, Sands, Wharton, and Evers, should enter a protest against an act passed prohibiting all simonical actions for reset vation of pensions out of benefices, and the granting of ad vowsons whi'e the incumbent was jet nlive, it is difficult to discover, unless upon the supposition that his lordship heaied an opposition alike hostile to all the measures of the existing administration, whother good or bad. The act for legalising the marriage of the clergy passed in the same year, and was also protested against by the Earl of Derby, by the Earls of Shrewsbury, Rutland, and Bath, and by the Lords Abergaveiiny, Stourton, Monteagle, Sands, Wharton,and Evers.-Bains History of Lan- cashire. The G-eneral Post-office.-Many persons have had money stolen from letters sent by the General Post, and some persons have been lately tried for this offence. However, there is little doubt that money would be less frequently stolen from lotters if the following arrangements of the General Post-office were better known to the public : If bank notes be sent in n letter, that letter is not taken any extra care of by the Post-office, nor isa letter containing cash, if it be merely dropped into the lutter-box ; but if a letter containing cash, either gold or silver, (for notes will not do), be c¡ven into the hands of the post-master, marked " money letter," he will put it into the bag in a se- parate envelops, and make a special entry of it in his way-bill, which entry will be ropeated at every post-office it passes through ; and as the first thing done by the post-office clerks, on a bag arri- ving, is to. see that the money letters are all right, and they, if all be not right, will give immediate information, and an inquiry is commenced, even be- fore the intended receiver of the letter could know whether his letter would arrive in due course or not. Many commercial travellers, aware of the additional care taken of " money leeters," send overv remit- tance iu tuctr employers in a loitor having a six- pence put into the noies and bills, to make it a mo- ney letter, and, having marked it as such, tboy give it to the post-master as before mentioned. At Torres Vedrass, Major--, of the -regiment, whose poultry-yard was the object of envy to the whole divison, purchased in this town, for the trifling gum of a thousad reys, (a dollar and a quarter,) some eighteen or twenty pin tainhos pintados, or little speckled cocks. Not being aware at the time of their pugnacious disposition, be unwitingly ordered them to be tethered at night, as usual, in his poultry-yard, within fighting dis- tance of each other, and was not a little amazed in the morning lo find them all dead, or dyi'ig, except one, which as if conscious that he was " cock of the walk," perched himself upon n tent-peg, and gave him o crow of triumph, as be peeped from under his dew dropping canvass to count beads.-Anecdotes of Spain United Set vice Journal. 