The Bill before the Legislative Council in troduced to regulate the import duties on Foreign dry goods, and against which so justly ' popular an excitement prevails, has not yet been read a third time, at which we are pleased, as we trust -before it is done, some of the absent ?' Members will then have taken their seats, and that by their votes the Bill will meet ihe fate it merits-^-that is kicked out of the Council Chamber./ A », _-»a n*..«fk^-l in nnp lacf tlio (~!nnnr»t1 nnnn tha JCJL& VVC S LcLtCVi I KM. \S\Al »«uij vi iv- -wm^j «?? u^uii vni*. second reading consisted only of ten Members, five of whom were Government paid servants ; therefore who can wonder at their assenting to any proposed measure. of taxation, let it be ever so im politic or improvident, knowing; as they do, they are only levying contributions on the public to put into their own pockets. - Is not the Lieutenant ' Governor, the Chief Justice, the Attorney General, the Collector of Customs, the-Colonial Treasurer, and the Senior ChaplaiH, as he is termed, all paid from the pockets of the People? Mr. Burnett is the only exception, and stands a conspicuous monu ment oi virtuous independence; hej to his honor let it be recorded, votedwith the minority, which, as we before stated, consisted of Messrs. Kerr, 'Willis, lVl'Lachlan,and Swanston; These Gentle men have done all that could be expected from them, and we trust their efforts willevenually prevail, though we look upon the Council altogether as ' -a mere humbug, and that if the Members would .absent themselves in toto,. it would be much better for the Colony, as they serve only as a screen to cover the unjust and impolitic 'acts of an imbecile and improvident administration. Mr. Bedford, we understand, has endeavoured to qua lify his vote, upon the second reading of- this- Bill, by stating that he was unavoidably detained from -?taking his seat on that day so early as the other Members, and that, having only entered the 'Chamber just as the question was about being :put, he gave his vote without consideration. We admire the K-everend Divine for his candour; open confession is good for the soul, and a declaration thus made, affords the best possible illustration of this Gentleman's qualifications for the Colonial Senate. I n our last, we expressed our regret at the absence of Messrs. Archer and Gordon, Gentle -^inen in whose talents and experience of the Colony the people can justly place implicit confidence, and neither of them place-holders. Mr. Archer lives at a great distance from HobartTown, nearly ?one hundred miles; it is therefore impossible for us to say what impediments may have, hitherto, ?occasioned his absence; but if we know anything ? of him, which we venture to hope we dp, we can assert with safety, that, unless those impediments .are' not insurmountable, it will not be many days before we shall hail his appearance amongst us. But to JVIr. Gordon, we really do not know what to say, nor can we imagine what possible excuse he can offer for .his absence from the Council Board. We know that he communicated to the Secretary of State, that lie should decline sitting in Council with Colonel Arthur, until the Noble Secretary had decided upon his case then pend ing, but that has 'been done, and officially notified; he therefore cannot offer that as an excuse. 'We consider Mr. Gordon has beqn. ?most harshly and cruelly treated by' Colonel Arr ?thur, and feel satisfied had the Secretary of State Jfoeen furnished -with a correct and properly drawn iup version of the whole case, the result would have been diametrically opposite to what it has been ; as we have said before when upon this; subject, private feelings ought to give way to pub lic duty^ does Mr. Gordon recollect that by his supineness and neglect of duty, his fellow Colo nists may have heaped upon them moK.grie ?vious .taxation, and improvident and mischievous laws, which may involve the whole community iridistress, misery, and insurmountable ruin? Does he, not know that, having once accepted his office, he isj.bound.by Act.of:Parliamenf to attend in his place,and do his duty to the Public, whose inter ests he is a guardian of. We therefore call upon him, in the name of the Public, to banish this ap parent apathy, and come forward like a man of mind and understanding, and do his duty. If this ? is the way our senators are to go on, what will become of the-C61ony ? We throw out;these remarks from the genuine 'feelings of our.heart, and as we feel in the just discharge of.our duty, and after Mr. Gordon has read them, we say une quivocally that, if he does not come forward and do his;duty, he.ought in.deference.to the ;PubIic instantly to resign, ami thatif he'does not do .so, the Lieutenant 'Governor-will :not«dofhis duty, if he' does not appoint- the. next gentleman on .HisJVla jesty's Rotation List .to. succeed.! Mr. Gordon. We do not confine these remarks -exclusively to Mr. Gordon, but to;the;Members.of Councihgenerally; but we .. do, particularly allude to Mr. Gordon, because he has been seen walkiug.about. the Town during the whole of last week, when'lie'ought to have been attending to his duties in Council, which Heaves him without any excuse ''Whatsoever. Mr..;Anstey we understand has resigned ; he is therefore. excused ; but if sbj.wliy hasihis vacancy not been filled iip? Does -His Excellency*- like Billy Pitt, count noses in ? his Cabinet. MK Cox is in Sydney on;part]'cujar;busiriess ; he may therefore be said to be excuseable, though.not so if he had notice' 'of attendance.' .It is -not only highly disrespectful to. His iMaje'styr.'but to those gentlemen who have been -nominated by His Ma jesty to succeed td'the Council vancahcies, in case of death or absence of; the original Members, to .appoint personsinot 'in ''the Royal Proclamation, given at Windsor, January 3, 1829, in prefe-: rence' to those inthut Nomination List.' '.? ' ?'' : We donot know if the constitution , if the'Coun cil can compel -the' attendance, of Members, but it certainly ought tohave that power.' We under stand Mr. Kerr intends 'to 'move for a call of the Chamber. ' ? :. '. : Among the many causes -of':the general distress, which now prevails among the middling classes, it is well known, and universally admitted, that the vast expense '6f law proceedings, and the fraudulent conveyance of property, ? are by no means the least. The former- enables the lawyers to prey upon society, and .thereby make immense arid rapid fortunes by the distress of the Public; and the latter causes the overflow qf our gaols with prisoners 'for debt; who, while thus con fined, are eompletelyilost ;to ithemselves, and to society: With a view.of shewingjiow these things might be .remedied, we have .extracted from the old ' Times' the following digest of Lord Brougham's Bill, -which -is -so-comprehensive and so complete, that it .affords a belter view of the proposed ' Bil'j than ,a perusal of the Bill itself. It is evidently .from the pen of, ah ac complished lawyer', and will be read with in terest :— ?'?'?' ' DIGEST OP LORD BROUGHAM'S NEW BILL FOR ESTABLlSHINp COURTS OF (LOCAL- JURISDICTION. .' The object of the bill cannot he better stated than in the words of the preamble, which asserts the undeniable truth that itiis expedient the means should be afforded to the people 'of this ? realm of having their suits tried as speedily and as -near to their own houses as may be, whereby expense, vexation, and delay.nidy be' avoided,' a.nd the ad ministration of justice may be placed on a sure ?foundation.'' : ' The provisions of the bill correspond closely ?with the- general terms of the preamble. They extend to nearly a hundred sections, which is somewhat more than our limits will- allow us to bring :before the public. It is better, however, to present them .in a compressed, and necessarily im perfect, form, than not at all ; and we have,' ac cordingly, prepared the following digest, in which, for distinctness, we reduce them under eight heads: — ? ? . . . . 1\. Enabling all common and.-ordinary causes to be tried immediately and cheaply. 2\. Facilitating arbitration, without the expense and delay now incident' to it. . : 3\. Giving universal jurisdiction ,by consent in all causes. .?..-.- 4\. Introducing the process of cessh bqnorum, and preparing Jor the abolition of ? imprisonment for debt. . . . \ .?????'? ' 5\. Establishing courts of. reconcilement. : 6. Extending the new system of bankruptcy to the country. .: .. 7\. Improving , equity, process l-y taking viva voce evidence on the spot, c i 8. Giving the general superintendence of the ?local courts to the superior courts, for the purpose of preventing misdecision, and for keepingthe law uniform. , . 1\. The bill .empowers His Majesty to appoint a sergeant at law, or barrister of 10 years' standing, for any county or counties, to be called the Judge in Ordinary of the same, and who shall enjoy all the privileges of a Judge of a Court of Record. The court shall have a registrar) clerks, and mes sengers (the Judge to be e.v-officio a Justice of the' Peace), and neither the Judge nor the Registrar shall be removable, except on. address of Parlia ment. AH of these officers shall be paid by salary, and not-by fees, all fees payable upon the proceedings of the court being paid into a fee fund, which is ultimately to, go into the consoli dated fund. No fees to be payable by the suitors to the Attornies of the Court beyond the fees set forth in the schedule of the act. IThe jurisdiction jof, the judges in jordiuary com prises all actions of covenant and debt, whether the same be by specialty or on simple contract, and all actions of trespass or. trover for taking goods and chattels, provided the sum sought to be recovered shall not' exceed .£20. All actions of personal tort, arid all actions in the nature thereof, whether the same be for assault and battery, or false imprisonment, or slander, or criminal conver sation, or false representation of character, solvency, or property, or for malicious prosecution, or for maliciously arresting or holding to bail, or for maliciously issuine out a commission or fiat in bankruptcy, or for.any other tort whatever, to the person or. t-/ personal property, provided the damages sought to be recovered shall not exceed £50v all actions for the breach or nonperfor mance of any agreement, whether by parole or writing, under seal or not under seal, or whether by specialty or not, provided the damages sought do not exceed £20., and no cause of action to be split or .divided, so as to bring it within the amount covered by the jurisdiction, unless the plaintiff shallf agree to reduce the whole of his claim to the amount in question, subject, however, to tlio restriction, that no action shall be tried by any such Judge in ordinary wherein the title to land, whether freehold, copyhold, leasehold, or other tenure whatsoever, or to any tithe, loll, market, fair, or other francliiseslmll be in question, unless both parties to the action shall sign., a j memorandum, stating that they believe such -title j to be in question, and are willing loihave it tried j by:the judge in ordinary. ? The jurisdiction of the court shall; attach .where a defendant resides within the district, and in every such case any party choosing to sue in the superior courts for any matter that came under the jurisdiction of the judge in ordinary, and re covering no more than £20., shall recover the same without any costs whatsoever; and no action shall be brought into the Court of Con science, or any other inferior court of any district, that could have been brought before the judge in. ordinary of the same. An appeal is allowed from the decision of thejudge in ordinary, either upon the admission of rejection .of evidence, or in point of law, and the same shall be tried by two of the puisne1 judges in any of the courts of common I law at Westminster, who shall sit out of term for I that purpose; but the notice of the appeal must I be given, within fifteen days after- the decision j of the judge in ordinary, and on security for costs. . . . . . . ? / The forms of pleading and practice prescribed by the act are partly original, and .-.partly .. taken from those used in the superior courts, with al terations' to adapt .them to.- a system in which cheapness and expedition are : two leading, cha^ .racteristics... . Those of the former description .we have riot room to enumerate; of the. latter it may ?be' sufficient' to notice the' fblldwingj-rthat ) in' all actions of debt, whether' on specialty or :simple con tract,' and' in all actions of tj'espass or trover for taking goods' and chattels,. and '-.in .all. other actions for the recovery of debt brought before these courts, the' parties may examine] each- ' other by themselves, their Counsel, or Attornies in the presence of the' Judge before trial, under a penalty in case of non-attendance. . All actions shall be tried by a Judge and ci Jury of .six persons, :-the. Jury to be taken' from the Sheriff's book, '.and to be summoned and empanelled in the form pre scribed by the act. . ' - . ? 2. The trial way be' without a Jury if the parties desire it, or they, may take ihe judgment, of the Judge upon a special case, without coming to trial at all. Or -the trial may, with the like consent, if the cause involve any matter, of 'account, be heard by the Judge in private, at such place and time us lie sh'ull appoint. 3\. The jurisdiction of the, Court, with' the .con sent of both1 parties! shall extend to all the aciions above -enumerated, whatever may be the amount sought to he recovered ; but where, the title to land is in question in any such action, the action shall be triedin. that jurisdiction only in which the land is situate.- ? . . . ? . 4\. Where, a- judgment .has. been ..recovered against a defendant, there may . be immediate .'ex ecution, by leave of the Judge; or, if 'the defen Mant fails to discharge such judgment within ten days after it has been entered, he is liable to be 'examined upon oath bu the Judge as. to his pro perty and if he shall refuse to answer the ques tions put to him, he shall he committed to gaol until he. shall answer to the satisfaction of the Judge. All; the defendant's . property, of every description, may be applied by the Judge for the payment of the debt, so 'that the. creditor may have the. full benefit of. every right of ownership that could have been exercised by the debtor. The Judge also may, upon hearing both parties, direct the judgment. debt' to' be paid by instalments, staying execution until defendant failed of paying any instalment, and.he' may direct security to be ;,found for the payment of such instalments. 5\. Any person may cite another upon whom he has a demand in the nature' qf a debt either at law. ?or inequity before the' Judge of the district where . the adverse -party resides, in order to have the matter in- dispute between them heard by such Judge, and the hearing shall be called ' proceed 'nS -f°r reconcilement.' ' The form of citation ? does not materially differ from, the form qf com mencingany other action in the same court. The party cited shall, within one week of the citation, serve: the party citing hint with a notice, stating whether he whhes to appear or not, which notice shall- be evidence, in diy suit at law or in equity that the parly cited had refused to appear before such Court qf Reconcilement. Whe?i the parties shall appear before the Judge they shall state their respective elaims and receive his opinion thereon, which they shall follow ornot at their- option; and . in case they shall agree to follow it, the substance ? qf it shall be altered iri a book of the Registrur, to be called ' The Reconcilement Book,' and -this ? entry shall be final and binding on ' both parties, and have the effect of a covenant under seal in all courts^ and an examined copy thereof may be given in evidence, and all the provisions' thereof may be enforced as if they had been em bodied in a- judgment qf the court. The Jiidge shall not have jurisdiction in any dction the sub ject of which has been already before him whilst sitting in a Court of Reconcilement, but the ac tion shall be transferred to the Judge of an ad joining county: -. .-?.- ??-?' 6\. Fiats in bankruptcy may be directed to the Judges in ordinary, or in caseof sickness of ahy Judge, to some one barrister or solicitor.' residing at or near the place Where the fiat is to be executed, who shall thereby be authorized to act as commissioners of bankrupt under the 1st and 2d. William IV:, each commissioner receiving the sum. of £2 for every meeting, besides his travelling expenses, out of the fee fund in the hands of the registrar, constituted of the sum of £14 payable immediately after the choice of assignees by the creditors, any further sum not exceeding £6, which the Lord Chancellor may direct to be paid under the act,: and in case a new fiat shall be issued where the assignees have been already chosehjthe sum of £3 shall be paid for every meeting under suchjfiatjnjieu of the above mentioned, sums. Power, is also given to the. Lord Chancellor to appoint official assignees for the country. . ? . Any party committed by a country commis sioner, may move the Court of Review on a certified copy of the warrant of commitment for his discharge, and he may further appeal to the Lord Chancellor from the decision of the Court of Review, his right to proceed in the first instance by habeas corpus in the ordinary course of law being left untouched by. the act, 7\. The Judges of the Court of Chancery and equity side of the Exchequer, when it shall ap pear that any accounts or inquiries in any suit may. be better taken or made by means of a vivd voce examination of witnesses in the.country, may direct the same to be taken or made by a Judge in ordinary, who shall have the same powers, and follow the same rules of proceeding, that apply, to Masters in Chancery ; the parties being at liberty to take what copies they may require of the documents before the Judge, and no more. The report of the Judge shall have all the effect of a report of a Master extraordinary in Chancery, as well as the functions of the examiners of the same Court, as far as relates to the country, the Judge having the power, upon examination of a witness, by written interrogatories to put any additional questions by writing to the witnessras if thesamo were contained in the written interrogatories de livered by the parlies, and the Judge, being at Hiberty to require the attendance Vf Uhe parties /.during such examinations. : ' : 8\. The Judges-of the courts of ' common Haw at 'Westminster are -empowered from*time lo 'time to frame rules for the regulation of the courts of the Judges in ordinary, both with respect to the pleading and practice in such courts, the rules being previously laid before Parliament; and the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Baron have the like jurisdiction, as far as regards the connexion Nof .the Judge in ordinary with the courts of equity.' Considering the immense influence which the legal and oratorical abilities of the Lord Chancellor have in the Honse'of Lords, and that it had passed the House of Commons, and was sent back to the | Lords, (where, it liad previously passed), there can j be no doubt, long . ere this, the Bill is, in sub ! stance at least, part of the law of England ; but | .whether it be or be not, there isnothing which pre vents bur Legislative Council from adopting a similar measure, with regard to this Colony, es-. pecially those parts which relate to the practice of ' cessio bonorum' and the 'proceedings for re-; concilemenl' These matters might beadvanta-; geoujsly. introduced into our present system of: jurisprudence without any infraction of the lawsj i of England ; and. vye defy any!-roan,..no matferi j, how (rhuch soever he may be determined; to shut' i his eyes to the fact of Colonial depression, to shew i that such a measure would not be in the highest degree conducive to the public good. In Den mark, from the Jurisprudence.of which the hint is ?taken, Courts of Reconcilement have been tried, and established with the most complete success. In that State, they are saidto prevent three- fourths of the expensive litigation, which would other wise take place among persons, who dispute claims, not from dishonesty, but from ignorance of the laws.; This cause in. Van Diemen's Land is, we believe, effective of nine- tenths of the litigation' which takes place ; indeed in the j course of 'our experience, we. have seen so much I as almost to warrant the assertion, that such is the I case. It is, 'therefore, obvious that there could I not possibly be any thing more conducive lo the interests, and more in unison with the circum stances of the Colony,, than.the adoption of Lord Brougham's plan, as above detailed. With re gard to the preparatory introduction of the process of 'cessio bonorum,' with a view of leading to the abolition of imprisonment for debt— the state of our Gaols, and the Ledgers ofour Merchants, will afford the best commentary. Certain arewe, that there are few. persons in- trade (if any) who would not, when they were made fully to understand. the | matter, prefer the rcrt/'secunty wliich should be : thus given to creditors, to the present fictitious ! and wretched security afforded by the law of irn i prisonment for debt. The simple question, divest ? ed of legal, technicalities, being— 'would -not, in ! your opinion, the property of a debtor be a better j security to the creditor, than his person?' Any I man, who is Shylock enough to cive an answer to j this question in the negative, evinces a disposition, i so bad and vindictive, as to render his opinions, to say the least ' of them, unworthy of consideration from the legislature of a Christian country. Such a man, we would not condescend toargue with ; | and cannot believe that there are many fto. be j found; who would be hatdened enough to hazard such a monstrous doctrine. The idea of allowing a judgment debt to be paid'by instalments, is ad mirable, and is taken from the practice of the Courts of Conscience in' the' Mother Country, where we have known a small debt ordered to] be paid by instalments of three-pence per week-, and it is common for such instalments not to exceed 6d., 8d., and Is., per week. Thus hundreds are enabled to pay their debts; — thousands of pounds are recovered — and scores of families kept from ruin and destruction. Why was this system not adopted in our Courts of Requests — Courts which are founded upon the same principle as the British Courts of Conscience, in every other respect. Is the value of a Citizen's activity so little in Van Diemen's Land, that he can be shut up in a prison for' three or four months, or until his creditor is tired of paying him half- a-crown a week (what a pittance to live upon !) for the sake of two or three pounds, which he cannot pay at once, but could pay at a weekly instalment. of from Is. to 5s. ? Do our pseudo Politicians consider the confinement of a labourer, and the sacrifice of his labour, and, his morals, for months, in a common Gaol, a public advantage? Do they consider in their super human wisdom, that no injury is done to society by such his' confinement, where lie is taught to ] become idle-and dishonest, if he were not, so be | fore? Plalf of the real' benefits which might accrue from the Courts of Requests in this Colo ny is destroyed, by the present unlimited power of imprisonment for debt, vested in the hands of the Commissioners, and the absence of the system of instalments— a system which might be highly useful and productive of the best results, if exten ?dednot only to the Court of Requests, but to the Supreme Court. We shall only allude specially to two more features in the Bill — one is, that which allows the parties to be examined by each other, on the trial. This is taken from the Chancery Practice, and a very excellent plan it is. The arguments in its favor are infinite; but we shall content ourselves with merely pointing but two or ?three; It will tend greatly to prevent fraudulent actions, brought and maintained upon legal quib ble in defiance of justice. It will enable the Court to come at the real truth, of the matter at issue.- It will go to ensure justice, which is now frequently defeated by the non- attendance of wit nesses. It will_be a check upon the practice which has been but too frequently resorted to, and too seldom, proved of subbor.ning witnesses. It .will, by exposing the secrets of every transaction, ' pre vent those legal frauds, by which in England, as well as in this Colony, many have made fortunes. It will protect the ignorant, by enabling them by the ingenuity of a Counsellor, to detect and expose the artifice of an opponent of superior talent; and in fact, to use the old woman's expres sion, (who was desired to boil bol'qrmoniac in her gruel, but, mistaking the words of the physician, sought for a Moore's Almanack, which, not being able to procure, she boiled the Babes in the Wood)' ' do a mort of good.' With regard to the private hearing-of cases authorised by the 'Bill,, we are in clined to say, it is ' not good ;' but much may be urged on both sides in this respect, .which at pre sent we have neither space not- inclination to detail. The Independent recants its newly received creed, and apologises in a very straight-forward manner, for its apostacy, which is declared to have been occasioned by ' entrusting' the details of the ' chair' to a friend. We, it seems, were the means of awakening the real Editor to a sense of his fallen state, or rather it was ourCorrespondent, 'Tasmania,' whose sharp ' letter of remon strance' did the business'. The recantation is fair, honest, and manly ; and we trust the Public will receive it as sincere, provided the Journal continues in the right way. ' ' ??The subjoined'-article is so much in the charac ter of the- motives which gave rise to our strictures on ' the speech,' 'that we give it entire; proud of transferring -to our columns the lucubrations of a Contemporary, who, when he has done wrong lias the ireul independence to own it, VvJ cannot help observing, however, that in our opinion the,epithet, 'crimson stained tracks' is^ injudiciously applied ; because it would lead 'per-' \ sons in England to suppose that the tracks of ' those men, who are now illegally'at large, in the ' bush, are marked by murdev and blood-shed ' which is' not1 Unerase, asUheir depredations have ? hitherto been confined principally to sheep and I cattle. The blood of animals is' indeed upon ' their hands ; but, with the exception of Harris ' the Little-go Bailiff, being slabbed,/ no human blood has been spilled by the present bushrangers we believe. Had our Contemporary lived amonK i us in the times of Michael Howe, Brady ! M'Cabe, Jeffries, S,-c. he would scarcely designate' ' Brit ton's party, and the runaways from the Chain ' Gang,-' bushrangers.' That is a term upon which i we look with something like horror,- knowing what bushrangers have been ; and we have no hesita tion in saying, that the present lawless bands of-vl© ? runaway convicts might .be. takeii and dispersed ' f with- little more' than common 'energy; nay, (hat i they would: have been taken before, but 'for ilie monstrous Act'. in.'-GouhcU which makes it death for 'any :? convict -itd \altemptMo?tsca'pe-ltficom i/ic place- of /us: confinement. '. If this sanguinary law were not in force, many would apprehend runaways, who now say, 'ohj poor fellows, they have not committed any atrocious crime, although they would be hanged if taken. I will not have i their :blood on my head— letlhem fall into other i hands.' Thus persons are prevented, by sheer I Christian and humane feeling from interposing to i lake runaway convicts. .'Let our Rulers see° to '' this. It isa fact which can be vvell authenticated. ' With these brief remarks we quote the article from .-the Independent; which -is as 'follows :— _'? The opening address of His Excellency our I Lieutenant Governor to the Legislative Assembly, I has been . so publicly screened .through the Colo- ;, nial '. Press, that but little offal remains about it 1 for us to remove, and we must acknowledge our ? opinion of it is not so unfavourable, as has been expressed by some of our Goritem poraries. That it is a mass of unintelligible jargon, colored for the most part, with very great 'effrontery, we can- j not deny feeling— but we -are willing to acquit 1 His Excellency of thus wantonly misrepresenting I] the state of the Colony to ihe Public. lt:cannot \ be a mere voucher,- dvtivin 'up Cor the purpose of li injuring the Colonists— which effect it most as- I; suredly must have, iif it reaches Dbwning-slieet li without the counter statements— these alone can I j prove our real situation. The bane and the anli- |j dote must accompany each other, or favorable 1-1 impressions will naturally be formed upon the || faith of the speech— while, in reality, the whole It community of the Island is in a slate of Bank- li ruptcy— and but for our natural resources woij^A ,11 be in a state of actual starvation. Even on tln^Vlg side,. which is certainly the garden of the whole,' '^ $ we would be puzzled to find in the most careful ' ?survey, any thing like prosperity— nay, ruin stares every industrious settler in the face, and in the towns, the prospect with but few exceptions, is the same. The mass of the Bee part of the community have long since ceased to live upon the interests oflheir capital, or the profits of their farms — all, all, are existing upon their, principal, or vegetating — it cannot be deemed jiving, upon the valueless sums they have procured bj mort gage at the rate of from ;25 to 40 per cent, inter est. This is the; actual state 'of the injuriously represented flourishing prospects of the unhappy Colonists of Van Diemen's Land. Their condi tion is the reverse to what Colonel Arthur in his address to the Legislative Council declares it to be— but we repeat, that we are willing to believe His Excellency has been misinformed. He has caused this flowery document to be drawn up, from the hearsay statements of liis; dependants. He has not founded Jt on actual observation, and we will do him the justice to think, if he ? condescends to read our ? opinion, which is the result of our own experience, and the voice of the. inhabitants of this neglected side of the Colony, , he will regret the statements he has caused to be i published upon the meeting of our Legislative i Council. - ] 'If on this side of the Island We have prosper ed, we reserve to ourselves the credit. We have not been nourished by. the fostering hand of the Government— the smile of His Excellency has seldom cheered us in our up-hill. career— favors '? have not been showered on the Liuncestonians — I her roads have been impassable half the year — her I streets have -been dangerous to travel in — her river Tamar, scarcely equalled in her natural re- j sources, has been shamefully neglected, and the j shipping which have fiequented it, have been so | generally injured in their progress upon its waters, c that the rate of insurance upon all trading to it has been doubled — the disasters upon it prove j that the risk has not been too dearly remunerated. -Thus has our commerce suffered, and it is only lately, when Launceston has become a beacon for the ship-owners to avoid, that some notice has been- taken of our wants. llbwever,'we will not i upbraid, we will forget the injurious neglect we ,^S have suffered, and anticipate from present ap-^V/ pearances, a share of that patronage which is due | from a paternal Government,, to a loyal, indus trious, and deserving portion of its' subjects. 'We do not intend to be lengthy in our stric tures on this strangely framed Address, bul we will point out what we consider another misstate ment, llis Excellency 'expresses— ' Since, after the suppression of bushr.ingirig,&c.;' Does( His Ex cellency, mean to deny. the- existencev6f-b;ushrang- ing at this present time ? Certainly 'he' does, and we are completely at a stand still to account for this declaration. At this present moment, when bushranging is at a most alarming height — wheu the depredations of lawless' gangs have struck terror into the hearts of the most courageous of our Settleas^-when many families, whole families, have left their establishments, and sought protec tion in the towns— when it is an acknowledged fact, that a greater number of men are af large in the bush at this time than .at any other since the formation of the Colony — -when some of these outlaws have been at large upwards of five years, and at the present time — for one individual the sum of 200 sovereigns is offered by the Govern- 1 ment for his apprehension— when the cruel and || destructive career of these misguided beings form li the theme of -conversation in every part of the i| Island, and when the remonstrances of those per- || sons for protection from the Magistrates, whose M property lays in the vicinity of their crimson E stained tracks, is it possible that at such a tune M as this, and under such circumstances, that t^r B ' Excellency can believe bushrangi7ig does not. w exist? Surely, when the united cries of the \^» whole Island, proclaim the wretched and un pro- :~^r tected situation of its settlers against the over powering armies of the bushrangers' — surely with such positive proofs, our Government 'cannot he kept in the dark. ' Our opinion is,1 tK.it ere Iuik, should the evil be allowed to remain unalUoked, and the lawless bands not be broken up, their successes and their confidence in their augmenta tion of numbers and strength will lead them fear lessly into the apartments of the Government house for plunder. We hope His Excellency will be made sensible of the truth, before such \s an event shall take place — before our suspicions become realities. It will be mockery on our part to applaud the present effective state of ' Prison Discipline' — the facts which we have just represented, and 'the daily desertion of some score or' two of prisoners from the different Road Parties and Chain'Gangs, will prove what credit the system merits. We respectfully beg His Excellency to remove the film from .his eyes that prevents him from seeing 'things as they are.' We will not at present make other remarks upon this subject, but we will fearlessly express our opinion, that if a some thing is not done, either in strengthening the Field Police, or devising some means to prevent'deser tion from among the prisoners, the cure Of the disease will prove too difficult for even the utmost skill of the physician. We are loy ally disposed towards the Government, and N will gladly applaud it in every act tending :to give happiness to the people. This will secure glory to its administration — but wemust condemn weak and inefficient; measures, and. wemust feel ;vthat awhole community in a state f-f bankruptcy', and gaols (which are too large by one half), full to overflowing— the desks of the Sheriffs offices bearing down with unserved writs— the buildings that make a little ' empty show1' raised from -borrowed capital, (which in most cases fail into the hands of the lender before they are- completed) ? — lawyers becoming the richest among'the people, ,and the chief source of their riches derived from and engrossing mortgage deeds— Sheriff's sales out of number, and the property generally so ex posed scarcely realizing a sum'sufneierit to pay the fees — cash.but seldom seen, arid difficult' even, to be borrowed upon -inteiest varying from 25 to 50 percent. — the country over-run with armed deserters from the prisoner, gangs, whose source of existence is from indiscriminate, plunder 'upon the unprotected, settler, and whose career 'is marked with robbery, and the worst of crimes —their .numbers daily and rapidly increas . ing, and the settlers abandoning their 'farms in the same, ratio— debtors escaping from their credi tors in all directions, which, in many- instances, plunge many honest and unsuspecting men into ruin— and, we might fill a volume with; 'such signs of the times. We can only repeat, that-if these are really facts and fair statements — if this is the true situation of the boasted piosperoiis inhabitants of this boastedly thriving Island of Van Diemen's Land— then, indeed, if all 'this be true, and we pledge ourselves to prove it'ahd much more —then we will not hesitate in repeat ,ing that the Governor's Speech is very incorrect. ' But we have not done .with the subject yet, it /shall be renewed next week — our limits forbids rf us enlarging at this time. ' Fellow Colonists — be worthy of yourselves— of the pure British blood which flows . in your veins — -respectfully address your Governor— prove to him the errors under, which he labors— prove to him your distresses, and the certain. prospects 'you have of ruin and starvation — prove to him that you love your families and your country, by a respectful and firm statementof your grievances — -your miseries— your approaching ruin, and, in ?fact, the complicated and impending destruction of the Polony — if the evils which threaten us ;are not timely^ averted. This can only be dbne^by the wise administration of those'in whom.'yoiir' trust is reposed — and by your own ready, acquie scence in all and every measure that may be adopted for the mutual benefit of the governing and the governed.'' ? ? As a sort of rider on the above, the same paper has the following, in reference :to themeiiiab sconding from the Chain Gang at Launceston, as noticed in our last. ' Another specimen of Prison -Discipline. — On Wednesday afternoon last; upwards of 20 men, forming part of the Chain Gang, employed break ing stones at the Cataract Hill, deliberately knocked of their irons, bid a deliberate adieu to their comrades, and as deliberately walked into the bush, proving beyond a doubt, the fine and effective state of our Prison Discipline. Some time after this French method (we had almost expressed ourselves), but we mean the Colonial method of prisoners setting, the Magistrates' sen tences at defiance, a party of soldiers of the bar racks, and a few constables were sent in pursuit. We have little doubt but what these men will divide themselves into parties and very soon join some of the numerous gangs of bushrangers, which infest this side of the Island. Reinforce ments from the different Road and Chain Gangs, are daily received amongst them, and as we find from the accounts given by different individuals that fall in with parties of these unfortunates, that they are armed, we may expect their depre dations will not be confined alone to the unpro tected settler, but that we shall have them march ing upon our towns and committing every species of crime. It is an acknowledged fact, that there are more prisoners at large in the bush now, than there has been since the foundation of the Colony. "Heaven only, can foresee the mischief to which we are exposed. We tremble for the results, the runaways ought riot to be allowed time for de liberation." The more we think of the prosposed postage upon Colonial Newspapers, the more are we con vinced of the inexpediency, to speak in no stronger . terms, of such a measure ; and we are well pleased , ^to.se9-our..cpntempopries. joining; uus in protests; ^Ji6rf'_aga'inst it:' ''Touch a man's pocket, and' you' ' Jtouch, not his heart certainly, .but a chord' whiclv vibrates to its very centre. A circumstance becur 'red on Tuesday last, which has experimentally' convinced us of theprecious tax which a postage on Newspapers would be. We happened -last week to be rather behind .our time with our coun try papers. The clock was striking 7 as our bag arrived at' the Post-office ; when, lo ! ' en entre pas,' was the word, unless we paid one-penny on each paper ! On receiving this pleasant intelli gence, we said to oursel ves, a3 we very del iberately counted out one pound six shillings and'eleven 'pence, this is a pretty specimen of a ' postage on Newspapers' — a.very, agreeable sort of abstrac tion of our cash, which we have so much difficulty in getting together; and, in the bitterness of our heart, we wished that Lieutenant Governor Ar thur was an Editor for six months, in order that His Excellency might duly appreciate the miseries ?of a journalist; as we felt well and thoroughly convinced, that, after such a probation, we poor: . ?''Uerers for the public would be looked upon rather ?iore tenderly than we are. But to return to our; -' subject from which we have digressed. This said postage on Newspapers is an affair which we cannot; well digest. We see it in all sons of disadvan tageous shapes. Now it is a Press Restriction, and a Tax upon Information — then it is a Property ; Tax, under which only six or seven, persons suffer, Here it is the' cause of an iminonsu and inconve nient abstraction of our money — there it is an un warrantable Tax upon the only amusement, which the settler possesses— his ' bit of nejvs.'.- At oiie time it is a financial scheme to encrease the 'Re- venue— rat another, it is a hostile measure against the Press ; but were we lo enumerate all ourviews of this subject, we should fill bur Paper. Suffice it to say, that every time we think of it, some fresh reason why it should not pass, occurs to us; and some new injury resulting from' k,'stares us in the face. It certainly ' would be a' tremendous depre ciation of the' value of Newspaper property, which wriy ?soever it'Was 'applied. If ;it 'were home-by the Proprietors without surcharging thesubscri bers, they would be serious losers, and if it! be charged upon the subscribers, many would dis continue;- and 'thus a loss would accrue in that way. So that, if this proposition passes, the great burden of it 'will 'fall upon us (we mean all'the Journals), which-' is a serious affair when you come to think ofit^-isomething exceedingly personal and offensive. We do, cf therefore, pray that His Ex cellency, and. His Excellency's Honorable Cou'n cil, will be pleased to take our case, into their serious consideration, and not pass any Acl, which will impose a postage on Newspapers ; and we do ?further pray,' that the proposed Act be' withdrawn, inasmuch as we consider that there are norie'of its provisions, which will at all improve 'the -Po'su office 'Department, ras at present constituted ? ;and as, in duty bound, we will :eyer pray, ftHvgood Governors, and. a wise Council, until we carisuc ceed in obtaining a Legislative Assembly of our Representatives.' Since writing the above, 'the Lmmc'cston Ad vertiser, and -'the Tds'mani'an, have come to our hands. They unite with us and the Courier, and the Colonial Tinies, in reprobalingthis attemptito injure the Press. From the ?Luunccston Adverti ser we extract 'the following shrewd and pungent remark : — ' . ' ' The other day, the L'ieutenaht!Goverhb'r,'as head of the Executive Government, rejoiced in two 'paragraphs of Ins Address to'the'Cblohial, Legislature, lhat a growing desire had manifested itself for' the -blessings of education mid religious instruction. Hardly had we 'commenced fearing that this felicitation at the Colony growing in grace, as weHas in' wealth, might le'ad'to certain in equitable appropriations of the' publicmoney, when a law is initiated, having one express provision to check, in its course of universal utility, 'the greatest eiigihe of the age for the instruction and improvement of the human race. -Authority has been napping— it is' Christian charity lo suppose so. - But it wili be the safer plan to consider the matter, as . though it had been'broiid awiike; and had resolved upon Section No. 4, in 'sober and' deliberate earnest.' ' He strikes — he misses — strikes again — he grins, And sees, in tlioughl,iUe monarch fixed with pins — ' Sees him on paper, giving up the ghost, Nailed, like a hawk or martyr, to a post.' : The Editor of the Review must be a very shal low man, or rather he must suppose his readers to be exceedingly stupid, if he anticipates that oiie wbrd'of what he lias amused him'Self, by writing in his last number, with respect to the Colonist,. will be believed. There are more reason's than one why ;he cannot be credited. , The Public have not to learn, that it is orie of the Reviewer's hobbies to .pique himself upon his political inconsistency ; 'and 'who, 'possessing a grain of sense, pays more attention lo the declamation of an avo'wed incon sistent, than. to the ravings b'f a ma'd-mari ? Again, the conflict winch he speaksjof, is of too .recent a date to' warrant publio credence of .fhis : boasted victory, because the memory of the! ublic. gives, as he would call it, 'the short word,' to his asser tions. Further, it is well known, and the recorded circumstances prove, llia't the accusations he throws out against the Colonist are hot supported by truth. Moreover, he has had 'the :field entirely to himself; so. that whatever capers he may have thought proper to cut, ' a la Review'. — whatever manoGuvres he may have been pleased to 'go through: — whatever evolutions (he may, in an evil hour, have been tempted to peVform, have been mere dumb show, as we have never thought it worth our while1 to figlit about the matter. We have looked on, arid laughed its a matter of course, to see the whirligig revels of our Contemporary ; and we will now tell him what they put us in mind of— a School-boy cutting with a switch at an enormous thistle out of pure spite, because the said thistle pricked his hand, with which he had dared to invade its pur ple blossoms. Lo ! the urchin, smarting with th'e pain, dealeth prodigious knocks upon the poor plant, and succeedeth, in lopping off a solitary thorn or so— triumphing, like many a celebrated hero, in the devastation he commilteth— the thistle all the while, patiently enduring the shock-which behdeth not its proud head. The smarting 'finger has been eased, the swashingarm js- tired, and the ' man in small letter,' throweth down liis stick, exclaiming— 'so mister thistle, after the thrashing I have given you, I fancy you will know how to prick any other person's finger.' We trust, how ever, that our Contemporary is not in earnest, when' he threatens to cast down his stick, and leave off basting, the Colonist. We cannot spare him yet, and beseech him, all-powerful as he is, not to turn away his face from' us-^a. little longer, and we may be able lo endure the shock ; but young as we are, if the Review ceases to notice us,, verily we fear we are undone. (Hiatus tnaxime dejlen dns!) : ?:.'..?' ... ' For lo, this far-famed artist cuts both ways — »', '??'?''«? * ??.*'' ' * * ? '«' The beaulie's of the art his tlicoiy shews, His practice almost every thing that's bad. ;., Thus in the Colony, we may suppose, \\.v . A man more useful neyer.could.be had ; '/ Who, in himself a host, so muicjvcaii.do,f ? : Who is bbth precept and example loo.'' ' ? We are by no means dispjeased at the, remarks' made.by our worthy and esteemed Contemporary, the' Editor- of the Courier, in liis Journal of last week ;? but, as they are :*. intended- to convey something more than. meets the! eye, we cannot allow them to pass, unnoticed. As the Doctor has_ himself. so frequently reiterated, it is to the mis representations arid false statements, that have teen made,:n6t only through the Public Journals, but also by the local Authorities, which have left the' home Government and the British Parliament in the deplorable ignorance they at present are of the true condition and interests of this Colony ; and it is to that cause we are indebted for the ills we have, and for others yet. to coraei which,', we: fear, cannot be averted, until the home Govern ment, and the Parliament have been undeceived.-. . To effect which, we know of no purpose so likely as by. keeping up a constant communication with that highly influential, talented, and patriotic in dividual, whom we may now say has become a voluntary recruit to our banners. The observa tions of our friend, the Doctor, are very cunningly put, and in such a way as would be naturally expected from a £l,500 a-yenr paid Organ of the Government ;' the bad measures of wlijch it is'so manifestly his -interest to conc'eiil, anil so it naturally follows that he should1 endeavour.: (o throw suspicion and distrust ^on niiy ..Journal that will daru to expose the wretched system; of 'moral' and' political' misrule, un'derwl'iich this ill 'fated' land 'has, for the last' nine yeAis, been un fortunately labouring'. We defy cvcn'.ihe ingenious ?and learned L.'L. 'D., to'bhevv ohesingle instance, since we have been oiv the Colonist, wherein we have put forth anything that could not be sup .porled upon jiistand authentic information. — What our predecessors may have done, we are .not answerable 'for; lhey'niny have : erred,, arid it 'is p'ossibie'tliey iiifiy have' allowed their fancies'to carry their observations a. little out of bounds ; buf even 'that we-doiibf-inucli ; for having' been ourselves constant readers of. the Journal from its first number,' we really cannot recollect one solitary instance of any serious .. subject having been stated, which was not/in ^mailer arid suli starie'e,' strictly true. It is, therefore, irioie than unkind in bur learned 'frierid to throw out such unjust and sarcastic observations against ? iis. As lie must know our only object is to reform existing abuses, 'and that were ho differently situated, not any one would be more strenuous in seconding our endeavours ; but ?self-intc-rcsl is th'e' main spring of action, ' tin'd is natural to the' frailties of mortal : mm— lha' Invisible' himself 'noteveri.'excepted. ; But wchaVe 'mrdpuHi Mr. 'HuMEJundcr.whbse r)bt]ie;'tliis}'!iriict'o,-w,in..fiill)'' 'can -appreciate the motives of. our. worthy friend, the Editor of the Courier^ it being, our .intention to avail ourselves of the opportunity-, lie has so kindly thrown 'dperi'of constant communication and support; in the doing of which, as we par ticipate in every sentiment he has expressed in his letter to' RJr. 'Uodkrtson, we pledge our selves to. conform strictly to his suggestions.. Truth he shall have,' and noihiiig- but the truth,. but that to the letter, and supported by incohtro yertible testimony.. With regard to that part of the' Doctor's observations, . wherein .he. so.. sar- castically, (though we must say clumsily) recom mends Mr. Hume to turn his attention to the. unwieldy establishment .'of the Colonist, we ought only, to 'notice it by .'silent' contempt,- as there the Doctor descends from the beautiful edifice he before so highly extols. Mr. 'Hume doe's not want, to' be told, which ,way: to employ his time, as the Doctor may hereafter. learn to his. sorrow, but, in. a public point of view, to our joy, as we shall then add another recruit to' our banners, possessing ''tttlitit,'nM a benevolent disposition. - Our readers will recollect that some months since the Rev. RonrniTKNcpwooD had the misfortune to lose a much valued arid favorite pony, which had carried him for twenty years; and that upon occasion several of his friends joined togeiher, and presented him wilh another steed. We have miich pleasure in giving publicity to the following correspondence, which then took place, and which is' no less honorable to the donors, than it must have been gratifying to that truly esteemed and veiierablepastorj who is, and always has been, so much :bel6yed by'all the old hands of the Colony, and 'indeed by all others who have had the happiness of his acquaintance : — A Card. — The sincere friends fof the Reverend R. Ktcoi1 iVood, considering that his personal sitfety much depends on a faithful and s'ure-footed steed, have much, pleasure in ' presenting him' with a: pony, as a mark of their esteiem,' which they hope he will do them the honor to accept. ; August 17, 1833.'. ,_Jj ;_;'_? x ? . / Gentlemen, — T.heharidsomearid'in'uchesteem- ed present, which I lately !hadJthe honor to.receive from youi-'hands, accompanied with ?the gratifying expression of your sentiments. of regard, calls for my, acknowledgments.. . . .During the course of.a long life, I have some times had occasion.' to .witness, the .external testimo-. nia'ls of friendship, conferred. in a strain of un meaning compliments, without any participation of heart 'with donors. ... But it is with 'equal pride and pleasure that I feel this token of- kindness,- which has been con veyed to -me in- so -.delicuie a mariner, lo be a genuine mark of esteem, and a. record of that friendship, which 1ms so long existed between us. As such, 1 accept of it with sentiirienls of cordial satisfaction, and duly appreciate the kind spirit, and feelings in which it .has been bestowed. As a pledge of the regard of so many valued Irierids, this poiiy will be- ever highly prized by me, arid I shall never mount him, without 'remembering those who have honoured line with such marked attention. ? . . : ; I have passed among you, Gentlemen, the early and meridian day; arid the recollection of the hap piness I have enjoyed in your company, gives serenity to the evening of lifa; 'arid pleased with ?the , reme'ih'b'rance tolia've 'fetaiuecl, Mil tins ad vanced period of my pilgrimage, a place of favour and esteem in the opinion-. of so many respected .individuals, is, indeed, distinction — far superior,, in my estimation, to any other, worldly, eminence. In the consoling reflections, arising from your friendly, remembrance and good. will, I rest satis fied, arid embrace with pleasure, : 'the opportunity thus afforded me of publicly expressing the sense\ ?I entertain of your.atteriti'on, arid the sentiments, of esteem 1. cherish for ypu alhr— [ am, Gentle . men, your faithful servant. . -R.Knopw.ood. Clarence Plains, Sept. 1G, 1833. . We have frequently noticed,. with great displeasure,, the attacks of the .Press'-, upon one. of our Public'Officers,.\yhohiis_be.en most mercilessly scalped, flayed alive, roasted, ^and- all. but eaten. ' We.had 1 made up ,0111: mind's taaUiickthe'snuff^c,'. 'who was' ' assassinating' -.the gentleman -week - ?after week ; but have been' -diverted '?'from .ourj ?purpose by the '?in'erciless'rmbh'awk' promising, i to recommend to Mr. Hume the ' abolition of his office. We shall 'second the motion;' or rather 'move' the same thing, out' of ' pure charity;'* becausev/e think, it would be ;i relief to flie party :to. .vacate his seat, and his' position in the news papers together. All we sire surprised at is, that he has not .' resigned,1' as most- assuredly if he do not, he will be 'deposed.' This would cause public regret— gentle readers ' perfectly under stand us— the Public would regret,' not' losing his services, but.lhat he should have been so long paid fordoing. ? can any one tell us what? We- are happy to slate, that Captain ?Swinston; one of the Wember's of the. Legislative' Council; has intimated to several, of his friends, that, an Insolvent Bill, similar in substance, of the skeleton draft of our Corresponder:t, '/I- Mer-' 'chant,' will in all probability pass the Council. His Honor. .Judge Dowling has pro ceeded from Sydney to Norfolk Island to try some men for m'irder.and also to hold a Court of : Enquiry respecting transactions at that Island. I His Majesty has dissolved the Church ? and School .Corpoi-ation of the.elder ('olony. The I duties of management will merge into other offices, . '_ and save some hundreds of pounds a-year. From tho leudr of a'passagc, ciltsd by .the Launceston Advertiser, from .the Bengal 'Chronicle, which states that Prince Abbas Mirza had invited. the Russian Ambassador at Tabraes, to pay His Iloyal Highnessa visit at Khorussan, we 'arc disposed to believe, that some idea 1 is entertained in Persia of the ap])ronching death of the reigning Sliali. Our leaders are of course aware, that the throne of Persia is elective ; there fore it is probable that Abbas Mirza wishes to induce Prussia to favor his pretensions should his father die. , Abbas Mirza is a good Prince and highly popular. ? . , We observe, that the inhabitants of CarnpbelUtowrt have commenced hunting kanga !roo 'with sweet hound and horn.' 'A hunt on the 10th. is described by . a correspondent in the Courier, in such glowing terms, that we, almost thought nothing but ?i.he.'chase of a 'fair fallow deer' could have inspired such- a sportsman- like . feeling. ' .. , ' ? 'By- th'e Launceston Advotixcr we per ceive, that the house of. Colvin ami Co., of C;il cutta, has, followed in the 'general crash of. East India nicrcantileaffairs. These repuatud failures: in the East ought to be a warning to ourriierchanls .not to over-trade their capital. That is well 'done, which is .done safely. , ?-.: ^Vccounts.from the Cornwall -division. p(j the' Island,;. represent that the' pbpV in. the. 'rio'rtheni districts look' iii ' general 'very pro mising. It seems that the, late rains have been 'general throughout' the Coloiiy. The'lamb ing season 'hss also beu'n as good on the other side as on this.. '. Mr. 11. L. Murray (on the part of the Press generally, we understand,) lias presented, by the Collector of Customs, a petition to .the Legis lative Council,. 'praying. admission of .the debates in Council. It was ordered to be considered on Thursday last. . '-'?''? 1 '? . : On Tuesday last, Mr. Backhouse delivered tin able Lecture 'on the moral and physical evils of intemperance,' at the Mechanics Institution. This evening, Dr. Richards will lec ture 'oh.dtgestiori,fc the circulation of the b/ood.' Tlie Light-house, , on Iron-pot Island, has been completed, and a light will be kept burning from dark; until day-light. Elevation, 70 feet above the level of the sea; visible 5 leagues; bearings— from Cape Rabul, N.,'66°. W.; from Cape Frederick Henry, N. 15°. W. There is no variation in the price of Colonial produce 'worth quoting, although both wheat and hay appear to look up. A considerable quantity of green fodder has been brought to town during the week. ...,'.. , . - . The Launceston Advertiser states, — 'We are, happy, to. state that the whole of the men who absconded from the chain- gang em ployed at the Cataract-hill, as mentioned in this Journal of last week, were speedily re-taken.'. Governor Bourke has granted Mr. Levy a five- years' lease for his Theatre at Sydney. A number of Actresses arrived per the Bussorah ?Merchant. ? ' . Cohen and his wife, for the murderof a man named !Kerr, in the sister Coloriy, were tried and acquitted on the 16th ulti ' ' ; The Mauritius-has been assimilated to some of the West India Islands,' in as far as it has been made a free ware-housing port. The grand Masonic- Lodge of Ireland .has sent a warrant, 'constituting the Union Lodge of. this Colony ,-:.No. 326. - '-. '. - \- - Great coin plaints -continue to reach us from Campbell Town and Oatlarids, of tlie ravages of the wild dogs in those vicinities. The Portland, Captain Ascbugh, is about to proceed to Launceston, for cargo. ? ? ? From a Launceston Correspon dent.— 'There are 25 debtors in.' gaol at this place, and an- immense number (jf\fetons,,;\\\X anxi ously awaiting the arrival of the Judge, for their fate to be decided. Your recent article and skele ton draft have created 'quite a sensation, and have given great satisfaction among the thinking part of the community.' The unfortunates here have been petitioning time after time to the Lieutenant Go vernor in Council, and have received answers from Mr. Burnett, stating, that he will present their peti tions, and supportthem in Council.' '??'-'Fkbto' A' Correspondent.— ?' The attention you paid to my last letter.'induces me to trouble you again on 'the subject of the water carts. The Millers,1 finding tho water run. short,, liav.e adopted the plan of keep'ing 'it back all the day, and running it off at night, in order to prevent the water carters from getting it; for. the supply of the town. If this is the case now, you can easily guess how we'shall be off in the hcig'ht.of summer, unless something 'is done by the Government.' ? ' '. - ..' '?'? -. - ?»- »? ? ; ' ' . ? The following is an extract from a letter lately received from London by a gentleman in the elder Colony :— - ?'''.. : ? ? ; ' '?' 'London February 15, 1833. '? ' 'Wright's the Bankers have taken the Banking, £200,000, Whaling,- £150,000, arid Insurance Company, £150,000, in hand under Alexander MfLeod's superintendence, (late of the Hunter's River.) .. ? ; : ' ? ' 'Lord, Goderich has given them government affairs to transact in Sydney, so. as . to dispense with the Cbrnmissariatj a charge of £15,000 per annum rwill be' saved; besides placing them in im mediate business for the yea'r'of from 3 to £4,000. 'It is impossible to foresee the' immense good ? thef.Colony... will derive from this,--and save the ?injurious effect of lending money at, such high I premiums as' settlers have given. — I am ' Sir, &c.;&c;:' . ' W. H. BURNARD. Bond-street, London.' 