LITERARY SELECTOR. ANTONIO 1)1 OA.UA KA. I Continued from ourlasl.l ' I owed you some compensation,1' said Iho Hungarian, ' for bringing you within the fangs of your blockhead of a governor. Phi losophy seems not lo be in fashion nniong your men of mnrraroni ; and it would Iibvp been belter fnrlbe Count Carom lo hnvc lakrn n crocodile into his palace than an unlucky stranger, who knew nothing but a little che mistry.' The count, delighted with his liberty, would not sutler liis friend to utter a syllable in de preciation of either himself or his science ; and proceeded to express his regret, that, under the present circumstances, lie had no thing to offer Imt thanks. The Hungarian laughed long and loud. 'Count,' said he, observing his look of surprise at this unexpected mirth, 'I must beg your allowance for the odd way In which the simplest things sometimes appear before an odd being, such as I must acknowledge that I am. Uut the truth i«, that 1 could not resist ihc contrast between your luxuries in Ihnf paradisp of marbles and mosaic, and (his rueful hovel. However, I rejoice to find in you (he vigour of mind thut belongs to the true philosopher; and if the Grand Secret shall ever be intrusted to mortal man, you may rely on if, (hut it will be intrusted only tothn vigorous and th-; wise, to the powerful minds that despise the chances of (he world, or lo Ilio bold hearts that know how to force them to their own advantage. But what is to be done next .'' ' N'ext !' exclaimed the indignant Count. ' What, but to shoot the insolent tool of office who has dared (o insult a nobleman of l'ndnn ?' ' You will get nothing by that,' said the Hungarian, 'but the had bargain of giving the life of a man of sense foi that of a fool ; send ing a bullet through the drains ofa simpleton, and laying the neck of n man of talents and honour on the scaffold.' 'Appeal to His Holiness then,' said Ca rara. 'Appeal lo a council of a dozen old ladies, who must be first approached through a dozen clerks o-piec«, who are accessible only through ten tiroes the number of valets, nuns, sbirri, slaves, and knaves of all dimensions. Why, it would he easier to walk dry shod from Scylla lo Churybdis, than gain any thing by this mode, but a benediciie. In fact, I am perfectly perplexed with every view (hat 1 can take of the business.' Carara's spirit rose with the crisis. ' Per )-lexity,' said he, after a few moments of silence, ' maj check a man's steps on ordinary decisions. But the worst that I can forfeit is life. 1 must not leave my wife to famine and my boy to shame. I shall return to the pa lazza, them collect my friends, and by a bold remonstrance, or, if that fail, by force, right myself with this trifling and insolent governor, or die in the attempt.'—' Spoken like a knight of chivalry,' said the Hungarian, ' and 1 have no doubt that you would do just enough to prove to the world that you vere as brave as a lion, and as mad as the maddest inhabitant of the Ospidale di san Gregorio. But the empe ror has a particular aversion to lunatics of your order, and the inevitable consequence would he imprisonment for life for yourself, confisca tion for your property, a new tenant for your palnzzo, and a new example in your person of the inconvenience of contending against the powers that be. But your mention of the emperor reminds me that he is now at Inn sprurk. I left him a month ago at Vienna, preparing to fct out on Ms journey, to pluck the Tyrolese eagle of some of its feathers. His eloquence or his presence is to persuade the Tyrolese that goat-shooting is a crime against nature, that a rifle is rebellion, and that a cock's-feather in the hat is something not much better than a conspiracy against Austrian Church and state. H«w likely he is to succeed, far be it from Die to doubt. However, you have struck upon the only point in our favor. Francis is honest by nature, very much afraid of the French by habit, and very anxious to be popular in Italy by policy.' — 'To the pinpcror, then !' exclaimed Cararn.— ' There is Imt one objection,' observed his friend. ' The winter has set in roughly even here ; what must it be among the mountains? I rs raped a tempest with some difficulty but three days ago, which I saw covering the whole of the I'resterthal. I should not be surprised to hear that the Brenner is by this time totally impassable. As for (ho passes to the west, the travellers from the Splugen and the Helvia have reported them filled up with snow for the last fortnight.' The horrors of any attempt to cross the Brenner mountains forty years since, were suf ficient to shake the stout hearts ev»n of the carriers and contrabandists of the Alpine re gions: and Co rara acknowledged the little probability which he could have of escaping the complicated trials of hunger, houseless ness, and those terrible tempests which often swept away whole vijloges, and even huge portions of (he mountains themselves. ' But let what will happen,' said he, ' I must bee the Countess di Carara ; see in what state the tyranny of our wretched government has left my house and property, and try what can be done (o gain justice on the spot.' — ' Day is breaking,' was the reply. 'Your escape from your cell will be known immedi ately, and, of course, vigilance will have all its eyes on your track. In f-hort, you mutt wait till nightfall.' This was undeniable; and Carara passed another wretched day, a day of fear, watching, and weariness, in which the step of every beggar that passed the little inn was a source of alarm ; every chance word from the wild and half-naked reprobates who liogered out the hour, till night sent them out npain to starve or to plunder, sounded like detection ; and every moment seemed length ened for the mere put pose of putting him to torture. At last the shadows began to spread from tbe cathedral lowers; the evening chimes an nounced that the monks were going to their suppers, and all the world going to rest; the count revived with the thickening twilight, and a low knock at the door announced the Hungarian. He was prepared for their move ment, and a cloak and a few trifling changes of dress enabled the count to pass through the dim streets without being recognised. Carara's heart beat with an unusual pulse as be reached the marble portals of liis pa lure. All on the outside was a? when lie had Riven it his anxious departing look. The massive gnlos cmblnzoncd with the proud heraldry of his forefathers; the bronze lions that had sat for generations, the guards of a nolle house raised by lion daring, in limes of Italian valour and hazard ; the whole magnifi cence that so splendidly prepares the eye in thn great mansions for the more than nwgoiu cenre within, for the matchless expenditure i-r taste, wealth and skill, that brings the mind to tlie ages of Italian power and prince dom ; all were there still. But the look of the domestic who admitted them by a side door, and his evident trepidation, told at once the history of the palazzo. Caraia sprang forward with a pang of heart. All was spoil. The walls wore stripped of thpir pictures ; tapestry, sculpture, every thing was gone. Monuments ol tho most exquisite art had been broken into fragments in the rough attempt to tear them down. Where were his vases, the portraits of his ancestors, the rheft d'auvre of Raphael, the Corregio gallery ; the library of manuscripts, that had cost the great Count Francesco the revenue of a principality — all was swept away. But a dearer interest now made all their loss comparatively light. What was become of the countess and his child ' The single domestic had fled, probablyin ter ror at seeing the palazzo entered by his mas ter, whom he must have taken for a ghosl or a lunatic, Carara rushed on from hall tohall, from corridor to corridor, from chamber to chamber, his anxiety growing wilder at every step, his brain burning, his voice raised until it startled him with its own violence, until he had hurried through the whole scene of spo liation, and was yet unsuccessful. His Iriend attempted to soothe, to stop, to reason with him ; all was in vain. He raved, he called vengeance on the head of the governor, on the emperor, on mankind. But his frame, exhausted by the mingled force of confine ment, fatigue, and fever, did what no human appeal could have done— checked his furious career, and probably saved him some despe rate defiance of authority, which must have Keedily ended in ruin. He fell feebly on e floor, and lay in a state of insensibility. The Hungarian was active in the emergency ; lie hastened to one of the many fountains which threw its silver sheets of water high in Lhe moonlight ; and at once brought back a draught which revived him, and the yet more reviving intelligence that his countess and his child were safe, and were under the same roof with him. The tidings were soon realized. A pavilion in the ample gardens, which had es :npi-rt the sight of the spoilers, had been their place of refuge : their fmeeting once more, even under their calamities, was a source of happiness; and when Carara looked on the loveliness of his lovely and noble wife, and Lhe fine countenance of his child, a boy just emerging from infancy, he felt, what his life if luxury had failed to tell him, that there *ere enjoyments in the world which the high est rank and wealth could neither give nor ake aw ay. The hours were now not like the lingering lours of his wonted day ; they flew ; the light was too short for the deep interest of he (ale which the noble lady had to^ fell of ler perturbations during the fearful interval -f his absence; for bis fond caresses of his ;hild; for his own determinations to a full ind bold redress, let the risk be what it night, or the calm sagacity, and experienced :onsolation of his friend. At length day began to glitter on the tops -f the cedars and limes, and the consultation nust be at an end, if the count would not ha iard the loss of all chance of. redress, by giving limself into the hands of his enemies, who irould undoubtedly first seek him in his palace, t was agreed upon, that tbe emperor was the inly resource, but that from the utterly ira aassable nature of the mountains by one so little prepared for their difficulties as tbe :ount, his mission should be sent by one of he mountain couriers, while he submitted to concealment until the arrival of the answer. The countess now retired to rest. His friend Ihrevv himself on a sofa. But Carara had other objects than sleep. Taking down a dagger and pistol which hung in a private recess, he began sharpening the one and loading the other. The Hungarian's quick eye was instantly upon him ; springing From the couch, he asked him whether he could be mad enough to think of using them against the governor. ' No, no,' was the reply. ' YeBterday I might have been mad enough lo use them against him, or against myself, or against any one ; for I had begun to look upon mankind as a wild beast, which it was a kind of duty to destroy. But the last twelve hours have changed my mind on that point, and many others. 1 have lost thirty years of existence. I should not have been a mere blank in life, if I had been flung out of my cradle into the Aldigc.' The hearer stared. 'What is the purport of all this!' was in his look of per plexity. ' I had hoped,' continued the count, *? to have escaped all question upon the sub ject, and to have kept my own counsel until I could shew my good and manly-hearted friend its fruits, I am determined to go on this mis sion myself.' ' What, you t' said the Hungarian, with a look of double perplexity. 'You, who know nothing of the route, of hardship, of the nature of the mountain storm*? You will be swept away Ifke a butterfly, or buried un der some snow-drift before you have gone a league up the pass. This, too, is the season of the avalanches ; every blast loosens some of them down, and the very boldest of the mountaineers will not stir a foot from their firesides, until at least the equinox is over. It was but last week that a train of twenty mules, coming from Brixen, were carried away, muleteers and all, to the. bottom of one of the lakes, under a mountain of snew, which will keep them there till doomsday.' 'The mote necessity for me to try,' said Carara, resolutely, « if I can find no other bearer of my dispatch. Tho plain fact is, that a business like mine cannot be entrusted in a letter to the negligence of a courier. The emperor must receive a hundred appeals a-day of the same kind, which he throws to his se cretary, who throws them into the fire. Tbe road may he difficult ; but a man once in ear nest, can make his way through more than the Brenuer. 1 am in earnest, and 1 must at all events try. If I see the emperor in per son, I may succeed. Half-a-dozen words spoken by the injured party himself, are often worth a volume coldly laid before the eye. Francis is a man, and he will understand the language of a man ; and by all that is honest ir bold in man, he shall bear it from me. If I perish by tho way, I perish, and that is all. There is an end of one whose life is a conti nual reproach to him. Apathy with me is at in end.' ' But the Countess !' expostulated his friend — ' What will she say to this desperate expe riment?' ' The countess,' said Carara, with emotion, ' fs a weman of a spirit that deserved a nobler companionship than mine. I must retrieve my self in her eyes and my own. Let us say no more on the subject. I wish to spare her the useless pain of parting. In half an hour I shall be on the road to the mountains, tn the mean time I have provided for her safety.' He here wrote a few lines. ' I must leave this part of the business to you. Deliver this note to the old Marquis Adelscalchi of Ferara. His friendship for me will suffer no decay by my fall ; and his lelationsbip lo the countess will insure her protection under his roof until I either accomplish my purpose, or am laid where human purposes disturb no one. Fare well.' His hearer caught him by the cloak as he was rushing out, and grasped his hand — *? Count Carara,' said he, in a grave tone, «' I believe' we have not known each other until now. I now recognise you as the des cendant of the illustrious founder of this pa lace in which I stand. I confess, that I too long looked on you as totally unnerved by the national habits, for the high duties of life. You are now a philosopher; and,' he added, with a faint smile, 'as it is peculiarly painful to part with a now and agreeable acquaintance, I must be suffered to continue the intercourse that has begun within these five minutes. Without a metaphor, you must let me go along with you.' The Count's office was now come to remon strate. But his friend's zeal was resistless. He pointed oat so many advantages to the suc cess of the attempt, his knowledge of the road, bis facilities of approach to the emperor, his personal habits of court business, that, on the ground of justice to his family, the count found it impossible to refuse his assistance. Within the half honr, they had passed through the city, the gates, and the suburbs; had left behind them the lazy nobles, the dozing doctors, the insolent governor, and the yawn ing population— seen the grey peaks of the Veronese Alps turning into gold and silver, the clouds showering roses as rich as ever Homer and Aurora together showered on the camp by the Scamander ; and with firm steps, whatever might be the heaviness of their hearts, were vigorously advancing on the high road lo the Tyrol. The Hungarian's winter predictions had not yet been realized. Even tbe valley which leads to Botzen from the south, and which is proverbially the nest of the stoim, exhibited no deeper vestiges of the coming season, than a few slreaiDB turned to solid crystal as they trickled down the precipices, or, from time to time, a larch rooted out of the cliffs by the gale, and strewing its leafy glories at full length across tbe narrow road. Carara fell the mountain breeze breathing vigour into his frame— his travel was already giving elasticity to his limbs— his handsome countenance was rapidly losing the pallid hue which was essen tial to Italian elegance, and was exchanging it for tbe better gift of the manly_ and florid healthfulness of open air and active exercise. With his cloak flung over his shoulder, his Alpine staff in Us band, and his vivid eye darting round thn Immense horizon, catching evary colour of the autumnal forest, every passing cloud, every floating eagle that poised itself on its pinions above the covers of the chamois and deer along the Talfer, he might be taken for a prince of the mountaineers. But ob they rested for their mid-day meal at the foot of tbe Riter pyramids, and the count's newly awakened curiosity was listening to his fellow-traveller's account of this singular phenomenon, and indulging his fancy in dls. covering, as so many wanderers had done be fore, temples and palaces, pavilions and foun tains, in their fretted and excavated masses, a sudden gust of the most piercing cold rushed down from the hills, carrying before it a whole atmosphere of sleet, withered leaves, and dried up branches of trees. ' The trumpet of the winter is blowing, count,' said the Hun garian, ' and we must prepare for the speedy commencement of the campaign.' Carara prepared lor the encounter simply by girding his hunter's coat tighter round him, fastening his broad Alpine hat on his head by the clasp usual among the peasantry, and loos ening the folds of his cloak. The Hungarian, conversant in the language of the storm, look ed to tbe various points of tbe compass for those currents of the cloudB which so strik ingly mark the direction from which the force of the tempest comes in the higher Alps. Large masses of rolling clouds heavily burst up from the whole range of the vast crescent of bills which form the central barrier of the Tyrol, and each sent forth its gust; but in the north-eaet lay ft solid leaden-colored pyra mid of vapour, reaching from the earth unto the heavens, on which the Hungarian gazed with evident anxiety. ' The weight of the tempest,' said he, ' is beyond Mitten wold ; but it is, I fear, by thiB time, coming up through the Pusterthal, and the pass will, in that case, be altogether blocked up before night.' 'Then,' said Carara, with a smile which was far from an expression of his feelings, ' we roust attempt it by daylight. Tbe ghosts of tbe Brenner trill not stand sunshine, if they are like our Italian ghosts. For Mitten wold, then— onward.' His companion answered only by following his stride, and they fought their way toge ther manfully up the tide of the mountain. Fierce gusts, that seemed to burBt less from the cloudi than from the earth, frequently caught them in their middle way, and forced them to cling to the shrubs and branches of dwarf oak that sheeted the glen. The valley which had been broad and nearly level from Brixen, now began to contract, and the gigan tic pines, that hung and rooted upon the huge blocks of granite, split by time and thunder ages ago, gave a deeper shade to tbe road. By this pass few travellers attempted lo enter the mountains but in summer, and the count and his companion scarcely dis turbed the falcons t-nd wild-goats that through one half of the year possessed the unques tioned lordship of the soil. They gazed on the struggling travellers as if they were of their own species, and seldom moved foot or waved wing, till they had passed. The evening fell, and though the centre of the valley, which was now narrowed to a ra vine, was still sheltered, it was evident that the storm was making wild work above. At length an abrupt ascent led them to the sum mit of the road, mid the whole range of the wild scene opened to them at a view. Nothing could be more magnificent or more fearful. As far as the eye reached, the whole horizon was filled with snow, assuming every fantastic form of the mountain top, and shaping them into strange beauty. Carara's imagination, dormant in his days of prosperity, had been gradually awaking since bis first step in these wild regions. But now ail its eyes were opened at once. Every trait, hue, and feature, of lhe scenery, formed to him an indispen sable portion of the most glorious landscape that he had ever gazed upon. ' Look there,' he exclaimed, pointing to a boundless pile of snow-white clouds that touched a distant mountain so closely, as to seem a continued mountain ascending into the heights of hea ven,—' there is Pelion upon Osea, and both in silver!' Another enormous hill, whose co vering of snow was partially darkened by a thunder storm, lay to the right; ' There is an ./Etna, but ten timed its bulk, pouring out immeasurable uolumes of smoke, and broken into a thousand chasms of flame.' The range of pinnacles that shot up round the horizon, sheeted with the snow, were fairy palaces, turretcd castles of ivory,' bowers of aramanth, magic palaces of steel. A last gleam of the sun, as he plunged down behind the Middle Alps, shot through a chasm of the hills, and swept round the whole ranga. It was like the outpouring of a stream of solid gold. It transmuted the whole landscape instantly ; the effect on the scene was indescribable. Wherever the stream fell, it turned the spot into ait the glorious hues of sky, flower, and metal. Boundless sheets of purple and rose seemed to have been suddenly flung over the enormous sides of the hilts. Cataracts of gold burst down their sides, long stripes of the most vivid green, like valleys of emerald, lay between ridges of crysolite and silver. All was splendid, prismatic, magical. As the sun descended, every feature of this landscape of a hundred leagues, assumed a new and lovelier variety ; azure followed rose, and purple, richer than the Tyrian loom, mingled with azure. Until a moment before he set, the whole range became a succession of volcanoes ; tbe base of every mountain buried in solemn grey, the side btill tinged with the fainter light, but the summit a spire of living flame. He sunk at last, but there wbb «ne spectacle left, as lovely, and almoBt aB brilliant, us tire richest effects of the sunshine. The dusk, which now gathered round tbe mountains, rapidly contracted their horizon— the enormous crescent appeared to round itself into a circle in the centre of which stood the admiriug tra vellers. Of (hat circle, the only portion visi ble was soon the upper ridge, and even that was pale; but from it stood up the summits of the pinnacles, now divested of all colour, but still sparkling with light, the diamond cusps of a mighty crown. [To be continued.] MISCELLANEA. His late Majesty, George IV., was much at tached lo the elegancies of life and manners, and had an insuperable aversion to any thing approaching to vulgarity ; as a proof of which, it is said that be never forgave one of his con fidential dependents, who, on the occasion of a set dinner at Windsor, was observed by the critical eye of the sovereign to eat pease with a knife. The Powers of Translation. — A Welsh curate, having preached several sermons, which were considered superior to his own powers of composition, was atked by a friend bow he managed ! 'I have got a volume of sermons,' replied the curate, ' written by one Tillotson, and a very good book it is ; so I translate some of the sermons into Welsh, and then back again into English ; and after that the d ? 1 himself wonld't koow them again,' Long Odds. — In Meerut, a station in India, Captain Skinner states that there is bu- one un married lady, and 150 bachelors! This is worse than Swan River scarcity. If a thing be valued according to its rarity, this lady must be almost worshipped. Byron wished that the whole sex had but one mouth that he might kiss them all at once. We hardly know what tbe single lady alluded to, ought to wish for, supposing her to be disposed to give the 1 SO bachelors the slightest chance of tasting the pleasures, at least, of female society.' Fobtuumous Benevolence; — To oblige a friendly gentlewoman, I was witness to her will, in which she bequeathed part of her es tate to charitableness, and part to ber dog Toby during his natural life. I suppose, though she should die within tbe year, her le gacy to Toby may stand good, but that to the poor as null and void, by the statute of mort main. There is this difference between a Catholic priest and some Methodist parsons ; one tries to make you believe in purgatory, and the others put you into it. 1'auliamentary Misedies. — Making your ' maiden speech' undismayed by the extremes of interruption, viz. scraping and coughing ; and, having succeeded beyond your most san guine expectations, you find on reading the newspapers of the next day, that what you consider as the very acme of senatorial elo quence, has not been thought worthy of re porting ; or, if noticed at all, merely that tbe hon. member for ? made a few observations, which were totally inaudible in the gallery.— Heading in the newspapers, that a meeting is to be held, in order to pass a vote of censure on you for having opposed a popular question, but which you considered ruinous to the na tion.— Having all your franks returned, your signature being quite illegible. Being asked to preside at a public dinner, and no one hav ing su fh'cient courage or ability to propose your health, the speech you had prepared in anticipation of that honor is completely lost forever and ever. —Being pestered by some half dozen country cousibb for situations un der Government.— Being mistaken for some obnoxious illuttrinimo on going to the House, and so pelted, you narrowly escape tbe fate of that Saint whose chapel wulU alone echo your complaints. Forcing your fray through the crowd from your carriage, which has been stopped by a siring of coaches, and losing the skirts of your coat, in which you had depo sited the notes of your intended speech, and several others, possibly of more value, being I those of the Bank of England, and on reach. I ing the House, being asked by some wag of a I member whether you are related to the Spencer I family. — Parliament dissolved, and finding I yourself arrested for the expences of your I election, which you had been led to believe would have been defrayed by private subscrip. tion, but which has been set aside, your coo. stituents finding you to be a man of more pria. ciple than interest.— Asmoogus in London. Population.— There is a striking dispro. portion in the comparative increase of the po pu In tion of three of the leading monarchies of Europe during the last ten or twelve years. England, Wales, and Scotland had 14,072,331 inhabitants in 1821 ; and in 1831, 16,255,605 showing an average increase of 918,334 souls per annum ; Prussia increased her population by 2,033,31 5 souls during the interval be. tween 1817 and 1828, being an average in! crease of 184,846, which on an average po pulation of eloven millions, is far greater than our own ; and France, during the same eleven years, exhibited an increase of 2,260,530 only, averaging but 205,502 a-year, on an average population of scarcely more than thirty millions. Had our population increased at the rate of the Prussian, it ought to have I given an average augmentation of 258,700 per annum, whilst the French should have added an average of 554,400 to its number, j instead of only 205,500. Italy.— From the statistical accounts pub lished In Italy, we find that tbe population of Lombard.?, the Venetian provinces not in cluded, was, in 182g, 2,365,000, and in 1830, 2,388,000. Milan, in the former year, reckoned 128,822 inhabitants, and in 1830, 129,437. The provinces are Milan, Brescia, Bergamo, Cremona, Nantua, Pavia, Como, Lodi,and Sondrio, or former Vatelina. In these provinces almost every commune is now pro vided, by order of the Austrian Government, with an elementary school for children from six to twelve years of age. From these schools, in the last eight years, came out 436,000 children of both sexes. There are now 53 upper schools for boys, and 14 for girls, and 2,267 lower schools for the former, and 1,044 for the Utter. The inspectors make a yearly report to the emperor. The Section ok ' Colour,' in ?' Gardiner's Music of Nature,'1 is puzzling. He that can receive it, let him receive it. It is clearly pos sible for a musician to associate the ideas of particular kinds of tone or quality of sound, with particular colours, and to communicate these associations to others. And further, it is not impossible, that these associations when they become common stock, may be con veniently employed to express the presence or absence of certain of the qualities in ques tion. For example, if it be determined to call the trombone deep red, and the oboe yellaw, there is no difficulty in conceiving that the clarionet may be described as orange, or the bassoon, which is a gruff oboe, as deep yellovr. It may perhaps be more natural to call the flute sky-blue, than the double bass ; but there is still something visionary in tbe comparison. There may be a gentle co lour and a gentle sound ; but after all, the resemblance is like the river at Monmouth and river in Macedon, which had ''salmons in both.' A lady who read this Section, de clared that in childhood she always strongly attached the idea of colour to namet, and could never think of Anne but as pink, Eliz abeth purple, and Lucy light blue. Charles she thought was red, Thomas blue, William yellowish green, Edward brown, Francis the colour of red hair, and Peter pepper-and-salt. Associations of this nature appear to be cha racteristic of tender age, and may be held to be of the kind which it is rather the office of philosophy to dissolve than to impress.— West- minster. Review, Oct. 1833. The House of Commons Library.— This library consists of only 4,150 volumes, end it very imperfect, having no collection of cases heard by the Lords or Privy Council, no com plete series of private acts of Parliament, or of the papers printed by the House's orders. The contents of some of the presses are not known : one of them contains a green bag, whicb again encloses ' a Post-office bag of un opened letters of tbe year 1690.' What lots of Jacobitism and antiquated scandal may not be lurking in this ! There are generally from 60 to 80 members per day consulting tbe li brary. Strangers are let in by an order from the Speaker. March of Science. — A company has been formed in Brussels under the name of 'Sociele Aoonyme,' for the purpose of working the ca nals with iron steam-boats. It is composed of the principal merchants and bankers, and there seems little doubt of its success. Professions in Paris.— Paris at this mo ment abounds with professional men. — There are 1523 painters, draftsmen, and lithogra phers; 151 sculptors; 313 engravers (copper plate, aquatinta, wood, &c;); 82 architects ; 315 distinguished composers and professors of music ; 1525 instrumental musicians ; 1500 ditto, of inferior rank— Total, 5804. A few years since the City Theatre in Mil ton-street was occupied as a chapel : end Miss Macauly used to preach there. This lady Is at present performing tragic characters on tbe SBme spot. Space requisite to Write tbe Mota tions of the Alphabet.— The mutations, or various ways In which the Iwenty-f6ur letter* of the alphabet can be written, appear almost Incredible ; yet on calculation they will be found to consiBt of 62,044,840,173,323,943, 936,000. Supposing, therefore, each fetter to be wrote so small, that not one should take up more space than the- l-100th part of a square inch, the inches in a square ysrd being 1,206, that number, multiplied by 100, gives 129,600, which is the number of letters each square yard will contain ; therefore, if the above sum be divided by 129,600, the quo tient, which will be 478,741,050,092,160, will be the number of yards required. But as all the 24 letters are contained in every mutation, it will require a space 24 times as large, or 11,489,786,217,282,218,849 square yards; a surface 18,620 tiues as large as that of the whole earth, that containing only 717,197,435,998,000 square yards. The Five VowELs.-In the word «bste mious, the five vowels of the alphabet stand in their grammatical order, a e I o u. me word facetious presents the same accidental singularity ; and facetiously brings In the y. LAUNOESTON;-Pbikm:i- akd PojitMBiw ??_S5*'5J DOWLINO. ibe Proprietor, of »u-l»t ThiAdmmum OrnoE, Ororge Street 