Select Poetry. THE ISLES OF THE SEA FAIRIES. BY MARY HOWITT. AMONG the isles of the golden mist I lived for many a year, Aifrl'el.l (hat cjianced unto me there 'Tib well that ye should hear. I dwelt ina ball of silvery pearl, With rainbow light inlaid ; J sa. on a throne as o)d as the leo, Qf the ruby coral made. Tbe old carbünole lit the dome Where I was sworn a king ; And my crown «as wrought of the pal« jw» gold, And so was my fairy ring. And ihe who was set on my right hand, As the rrorning star was foir ; "Sbe Was clothed in a robe of shadowy light, And veiled by ber golden hair. They made me bing of the Fairy Isles That lie in the golden mist, Where the coral rocka and the silvery land By singing waves are kissed. 'Tar off, in the ocean solitudes, They lia-a glorious seven I Like a beautiful group of sister atara In the untraced heights of beaven, rf or the manner sails them round about, But he comes not them anigh ; They >re hid far off in a secret place Of the aea'a immensity. O beautiful isles ! where there comes do death, Wbore no winter enters in, And their fairy race, like the lily flower!, Do neither toil not spin ! O beautiful isles ! where the coral rooka Like an ancient temple stand, Like a temple of wondrous workmanship For a lofty worship planned ! -The heights of heaven do roof it in, O'erspanned like an azure bow ; And ita floor is the living waves of light, '1 hat cover the depths below. The unsunned depths of the ancient se», Where the emerald caverns lie,* Where 9n earlier race of the fairy king! Made their great treasury. O beautiful isles ! when the waning moon Sinks down from the vales of earth, She rises upon those fairy seas, And gives to their daylight birth. There comes no cloud to dim her rays, She shines forth pure and bright ; ' The silver moon she shines by day, And the golden mist by nfgbt. 0 beautiful isles ' and a fairy race, As the dream of a poet fair, Now bold the place by a charmed spell That bas power o'er sea and air. Their boats ore made of the large pearl-shell That the waters cast to land, With carved prows more richly wrought Than the work of mortal hand. Tbey skim along the silver waves Without or sail or oar ; Wherever the fairy voyager would, The pearl ship comes to shore. Tbey (aught me the song which is their spessh» A tone oflove divine ; They sat me down at their banquet board, And poured me out fairy wiue. The wine of the old set, vintage red, That was made long years ago, More rich than the blood in kingly veins, Yet pure end cool as snow. 1 loved that idle life for a time, But when that time was by, I pined again for another change, And for human sympathy. Tfiey brought me then a glorióos form, And gave har for my bride ; I looked on her, and I straight forgot That I was to earth allied. I snatched the crown they offered me - I forgot what I bad been ; I snatched the crown to be a king, That she might be a queen. Por many a venr and more I dwelt Io those isles of soft delight, Where all was kind and beautiful, With neither death nor night,. We danced on the sands when the silver moon Through the coral arches gleamed, And pathways broad of glittering light O'er"the azure waters streamed. Then shot forth many a pearly boat, Like stars across the sea ; Aodaqngs were sung, aud shells war» blown, 'That set wild music free. Tot many a year and more I dwelt With neither thought nor cars. Till I forgot almost my speech, * Forgot both creed and prayer. At length it chanced that as. my boat Went on its chai mod w,ay, I came unto the veil, of mist " WhfclTround the Seven Isles lay. Even then it* was a sabbath morn, And »"8hip was passing by, An,d \ beajrd a hundred voices raise À soundy of psalmody. A mighty love esme o'er my heart, A 'yearning toward my kind. And unwillingly I spoke aloud The impulse of my mind« ' O take me hence, ye Christian men !' I cried, in spiritual want. And anon the golden mist gaye way, That had been like adamant. The little boat wherein I sat Seemed ail to meit away ; And 1 was left upon the sea, Like Peter, in diBmay. Those Christjan marinera, amasad, Looked on me in affright; Some cried I was an evil ghost. Arid some a water-sprite ! Cut the chaplain seized the vessel's boat, With mercy prompt and boon, And took rae up into the ship, As I fell into a swoon. As one that in delirious dreamt Strange things doth hear and see So passed before my mind the shapes' Of this bright heresy. In vain I told the mariners. No man to me would I ißt ; They jested at the fairy isles. And at the golden mist. They swore I was ft shipwrecked man, Tossed on the dreary main ; And pitied me, because my fate Had erased my 'wildered brain. At length, when I perceived how dulj The minds of men had grown, J. locked these things within my soul, For my own thought alone. And soon a wondrous thing I saw ; '-' I now was old and gray, A man of threescore years and Un, A weak man in decay. And yesterday, and I was young! Time did not leave a traoe .Upon my form, while I abode* , Within, the charmed place. I trembled at tbe fearful woik , Of threescore years and ten ; | asked for love-but I had grows An alien among men. I passed among the busy crowds ; Lmarked their care and pain, And bow they wajite then manhood's strength, * To triaka but little gain. I saw besotfed men mistake Fpr gold, unworthy olay ; Ana many more, who sell their spule ' 'i?of tVplsasurss of a day. #.. I nw Lok raaf«, tad years roll on, As s tsjejthtjt has beea told ; . - . -» And then at last thoy start, like mo,. ' x , To find that thejr are old. . ' Said I, "These men laugh me to soo», My wisdom they tOaist ; ' But thoy themselves abide, like me, Within á golden mist !" Oh up, and savo yourselves ! even now The snip goes hurrying by, And I hear the hymn of tho souls redeemed, Who are bound for eternity ! 