New South Wales Intelligence. By the arrival of the Mars, we become possessed of Sydney Journals up to the 16th October inclusive; from them we find every thing is going on steadily in the Sister Colony. Wheat, which some of our speculators gave out to be so rapidly advancing in price, turns out to be at the fair average rate of five shillings and sixpence per bushel; but we will give a few extracts respecting the markets, from the latest papers before us, which may be read with advantage by our agriculturists:— “The early-sown well-cultivated fields still, to the astonishment of every one, retain a fine colour and healthy appearance; but, if the present weather holds, the crop cannot fail to be short and light, as it is impossible the ears can fill without further moisture: the late sown crops have gone off much within the month, or have made but slow progress, and little return can be expected from them. The price of wheat continues to rise in the interior. At present, at Goulburn Plains, the current price is 9s. per bushel, and many buyers, as most of the graziers begin to find their stock of grain fall short of their wants."-Sydney Gazette, 12th October. " Whoever proposes to contract with our Deputy Commissariat General for grain, bread, or flour, will act the part of a gambler ; such is the state of the crops owing to the drought ; unless he ask 40s. a hundred for his flour." Monitor, Oct. 12. The wheat fields are giving up the ghost every day. Every twenty four hours, the present drought destroys an indefinite num- ber of acres of wheat. Even the barley begins to be in danger. We recommend the Settlers, to plant a double quantity of maize this year. Our Merchants ought to have sent a month ago for two or three cargoes of wheat and rice. \-- The wheats at Bong Bong, in Argyle, still holds out ; but that beyond seems irrecover- able. The vast downs (very high hills some rocky but without a tree) of Maneara, beyond Limestone Plains, in Argyle, are a desert,-not a blade of grass on them. The cattle and sheep are in the scubs and look well, generally fat. Where they get their fat from, appears to the traveller surprising, as the country through which the high road passes, seem destitute both of grass and water. We advise all corn on the banks of rivers and ponds, to be regu- larly watered with the watering pot, till rain comes.-Ibid Oct. 16. Quotation of prices the same day, was, fine flour, 19s.; seconds, ,17s, best heavy bright wheat, 6s. inferior, 5s. 3d. ; average, 5s. 6d. It is evident from the tone of the Monitor, that the Editor is fully of opi- nion that wheat will advance considerably in price ; but, from the fair averagen market price, it is also sufficiently evident that few people are of the same opinion, other- wise wheat on the spot would bave been bought up by speculatorss. There is some- thing very amusing about the recommen- dation of the Monitor's, to water the corn with watering pots till rain comes. The suggestion is novel, and may be of ad- vantage to watering pot-makers. The following notice appears in the Perth Gazette and Western Australian Journal, of the 6th of April last. " We notice in an extract from the Mufussil Achbur, that owing to the awful mortality amongst the children of British soldiers on the Madras side of India, a plan bas been laid be- fore the Government, for transferring the Or- phan Institution to the Colony of Van Die- men's Land ; we trust before the proposal is adopted, some of our friends in India will direct the attention of the Government to the advan- tages they would derive from selecting this Colony for the experiment. Our proximity to India, and highly favoured climate, entitle us to the first consideration, and a word to the wise from those gentlemen who have visited us, and have interested themselves so warmly in our behalf, we have no doubt would influence the Government in determining in our favour." " Charity begins at home," says the Proverb. The above is a magnificent specimen of the narrow principle. Should antiquity,--progres- sive advancement,-cbeapnes and education, be taken into view by the Patrons of the Or- phan School in India, we feel assured this country deserves the pre- eminence in each of these particulars. The military men, whose children are placed in that school, have pro- bably sailed from this Colony, after a residence of some yeurs in it, and certainly many of the children were born here. Witness the crowds of children that went from this Colony with the 39th, 57th, and 3d regiments, not a few of whose parents paid the debt of nature soon after landing in India. The better plan would be, to leave the children in this Colony, and send all Orphans connected with the army to the same institution in which the other should be placed. The Editor of the Westem Australian seems to know, that steps were at one time taken with a view to accomplish this purpose. The cause of abandoning the pro- ject we are ignorant of; but it appears that it could be carried into execution at small ex- pense. Should the suggestion of the Mouffussil Ackbur be adopted, we trust the Government will see the propriety, on the score of economy, utility, and efficiency, of transferring the chil- dren, not to Swan River, nor to Van Diemen's Land, but to the parent Colony of New South Wales, where there is a better prospect of put- ting out the youngsters to trades, when their education is completed, and by teaching them handicrafts, enable them to gain a livelihood through life.-Sydney Herald. ["We beg to remind the Editor of the Sydney Herald, and the Perth Gazette, that they were both in error. The AfMofussut Ukhbar (not Ma- fussil Achbur, we can readily forgive the error,) is Edited by Dr. Henderson, whom we believe to be the individual who first recommended that plan to the Government. Dr. Henderson is most unquestionably a better and more im- partial judge, as to which is the most healthy climate, that gentleman having visited New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land and Swan River, so if our friends at Sydney and Swan River, have no objection, the recommendation may need stand as it does. We wish not to sound our own praise, or we might easily prove, that Van Diemen's Laud is just the proper selec- tion.-ED ) We have been informed (although we are somewhat inclined to doubt our authority ), that H. M Store Ship Buffalo, now in Sydney Cove, is the same vessel that visited this distant part of His Majesty's dominions, during the administration of Governor King. We have, therefore, been induced to refer to the Sydney Gazette for information respecting this vessel, and in a file of that paper now before us, we find in vol. 1 No 7, dated 17th April 1803, the following paragraph, which we insert, and we trust it will not be unacceptable to our readers, as it shews, that at so early a period of the Colony, public entertainments were given in a manner that would not disgrace it at the present day:- "On Tuesday last a grand fête was given on board His Majesty's ship Buffalo, by Captain Kent, at which were present, His Ex- cellency the Governor and Mrs. King, Lieuten- ant Colonel and Mrs. Paterson, with several Officers, Civil, Military and Naval, and the wives of those who are married. The Buffalo was dressed with colours, and the yards manned; and on the Governor's going on board, he was saluted with 15 guns. The ladies were received by Mrs. Kent, who did the honours of the table. At 4 o'clock, the company sat down to a hospitable and plentiful dinner. In the evening the Band of the New South Wales Corps was introduced, dancing took place, and at a late hour after supper, the company with- drew, highly gratified and amused with their entertainment." Tea has risen in price.-£7 10s. a chest has been refused for it. People ought to use a substitute, in order to pay off the mono- polists who thus command the market, and to rise or lower the price of the commodity, to suit their convenience. There are at the present moment no less than 42 debtors in Sydney gaol-a number by far too large for the space allotted for con- fines of this description. A fine deer, with fine fat haunches, was to be seen at Mr. Sharp's the butcher, last Monday. It was shot on the Liverpool road. We understand that Captain Kent of Sydney, will proceed with H. M. store-ship Buffalo, to New Zealand, as trading master and interpreter. She goes hence to take in a cargo of spars for England. A vendor of Pies, while crying his fare through Clarence street, on 'Thursday night last, was struck by a shingle, blown by the high wind from a new building, Which in- flicted a severe wound on his forehead, near the left temple; some ruffian seeing him lying on the ground, thought he was intoxicated, and seized the opportunity to walk off with his repository of pies. 