LATE ENGLISH NF WS. We extract the following English news from Papers-which we have received to the 30th July : The East India Company's Charter Bill was afieiwaids read a third time; but on the ques- tion that it do now. pass, extended discussion took place on proposed amendments.-Satirist. A Letter to the Lord High Chancellor, occa- sioned by his Lordship's recent supercilious Allusions to the " independence" and " disin- terestedness" of Attorneys and Solicitors. By James Beaumont. Jeffery and Son, Pall Mall. We may fairly concede to Mr. Beaumont the merit of manfully standing up for his " order." He has in this little pamphlet expended a good deal of indignation on the alleged attempts of Lord Brougham to ruin the profession to which he belongs, and certainly makes out a distress- ing case in behalf of his brethren. Whether the public, from his representation, will be induced to pity the poor attorneys, is another matter. He admits the charge of incompetency and disre- putable practice, as applied generally to the profession ; but for this he urges the lame defence of poverty. Mr. Beaumont contends that .they must live, and the people are beginning to assert that they shall not plunder. The really valuable part of the pamphlet is, the Strictures on the much vaunted independence of the bar. In the greater part of these we fully concur.-Satirist. The Earl ofc Radnor presented a petition on Tuesday night (July 23) praying that the Bishops might be turned out of the House of Lords. The high blood of the Bishops and Peers could not digest a dose so strong as this, notwithstanding that Lord Brougham, with as grave a face as he could command, urged its reception, on the ground of its being " respectfully worded." Their Lordships decided on receiving nothing so radical and revolutionary.-Sutirist. Don Pedro's business is approximating to a better denouement than might have been ex- pected. The Queen of Portugal is, at least at this moment, Queen of the Algarves. Her stan- dard now waves on the teriitory allotted formerly by the policy of Napoleon to the famous Prince of the Peace. Many people were of opinion .that the longing after Europe of the Empress of Brazil, who was represented to have been seized with nostalgia, had chiefly led to the Emperor's sudden abdication. I have had the opportunity of ascertaining that this was a mistake ; that the Empress, on the contrary, threw herself at the feet of her royal consort, and implored him not to resign the crown : and that on her ariival in France the Empress manifested profound melan- choly, while, on the other hand, Don Pedro evinced the gaiety of a school-boy freed from the control of his masters. Don Pedro's charac- ter presents more than one noble and brilliant point. He has unsheathed his sword in his daughter's cause; his object is to restore her crown, and whether he should afterwards retire into private life, or re-assume the imperial diadem of Brazil, he will hold a distinguished place in history. It is a burlesque idea of Don Miguel to call Marshal Bourrmont to the command of his anny. This is rather a dangerous step, and might justify the intervention of France in an aftair in which individuals whom she has repulsed from her territory might take part against her under foreign colours. This incident may be at- tended with serious consequences. As to the aid which Don Miguel expects from the co- operation of M. de Bourmont, and the discon- tented Frenchmen whom he has taken with him, he doubtless miscalculates very greatly. How- ever, if Don Miguel proved triumphant, might not the daughter of the Duke de Berry become Queen of Portugal? Doubtless she would then grant hospitality to all the ultra enemies of the present system in France. Meanwhile the new Arab-Egyptian empire is rising up with splendour. The Arab race has taken reprisals, and secured its position. Con- stantinople will continue to be. the capital of the Tartar race. These are decisive events, calcu- lated to astonish the world, and to give a new direction to politics and trade. Mahmoud and his Tartar Osmanlis-Mehemet Ali and his Arab Egyptians I This novel spectacle is not without its grandeur and originality; and France may' claim her share of honour for having raised her voice in the discussion, and powerfully influ- enced the decision.-Times. AN OLD BAILEY ANECDOTE.-A session or two ago, a prisoner urged in his defence, that he had never been at the Old Bailey before. '. 'Tis of no use denying it," said Mr. Sergeant Arabin, who sat as Judge, " I recollect you perfectly well." " I meant," said the culprit, " that I had never been transported before."-" Then," said the wor- thy Sergeant, with a benignant smile, "you shall be now." PuoGNOSTics DRAWN FROM TERRESTRIAL BODIES. -1st. If the flame of the lamp sparkles, or if it forms an excrescence, there will be, in that case, a probability of rain. 2nd. The same happens when the soot loosens and falls down the chimnies. 3rd. If the coals in the grate blaze more than usual, or flame with more activity, it is a sign of wind. 4th. On the contrary, when the flame is steady and uniform, it is a sign of fine weather. 5th. If the sound of the bells is heard from afar, it is a sign of wind, or a change of weather. ' 6th. If pleasant or offensive smells are con- densed, that is, become stronger, they are signs of rain. 7th. The frequent change of the wind is the forerunner of a violent storm. Married, on the 2Sth May, at Spalding, Mr. William Moore, miller, to Miss Sarah Lee. The groom in his 71st year, and the bride in her 63rd year. They had experienced a long and trying courtship of 41 years. Married, on the 10th of April, at St. Martin's Church, W. K. Riddell, Esq., to Mary Charlotte Manwaring, rel'ct of the late Commodore William Manwaring, of the East India Company's Bombay Establishment.- Times. The Rev. Mr. H. a gentleman of singular humour, and brother to a no less singular law-peer, retired to ease and independence, as the Rector of - in Kent. Being a Justice of the Peace, he was frequently teazed with some idle differences among the inhabitants of the place. Not being willing to be broken in upon by such frivolous com plaints, when application was made to him for redress of some imaginary injury, his custom was to dismiss them, with saying " he would send for them when he had more leisure to attend to their business." The first rainy day that next happened, he took care to send for the parties, and received them sitting in the porch of the door, which just provided shelter for himself and his clerk ; whilst the complainants were obliged to stand exposed to the inclement sky, all the while uncovered to pay proper respect to the King's Justice of the Peace. By this means, he entirely cured the country folks in the neighbourhood of litigious dispositions. His blunt manner of enforcing wholesome truths as a clergyman, was as remarkable as his peculiarity in the commission of the peace. One Sunday he was preaching on moral duties, from these words: " Render, therefore, unto all, their due." In ex plaining his text, he observed, that there were duties which a man owed to himself as well as to others ; " and," added he, " when they are not attended to, I have never had a good opinion of that man. For this reason," (turning himself to a particular part of the church), " I never had a good opinion of you, John Trott, since you sold me those sheep six months ago, and have never called for the money." Cork - An invention has come to light, which throws Roger Bacon into the shade, and will, while grass grows and water flows, cover " the Native,' who "discovered it with glory. Whisky the tiling which (I ih nuurifh a King can be extracted from couch-grass. That mis chievous and noxious weed which infests our tillage land, and has been, up to this blessed time, the bane and bother of the farmer, will henceforth be his delight, if, as Mr. Donovan, the chemical prodigy, who has found out the way to liquidate it, calculates-an acre of it will yield one hundred and twenty gallons of pure stuff, possessing the integral flavour of Poltecn. It now costs a mint of money to rid the land of this tioublesomc plant, and still, despite our care and vigilance, its knotty and combined roots maintain their ground in every fallow. But once let the knowledge go abroad that any wizard, by the help of a small kettle and a portable worm, can evoke a spirit from it, and not a ghost of a root of it will you see going astray. It is said that the enlightened inhabitants of Kamt- schatka have long been in possession of this secret. That flesh is grass, is a truth as old as the meadows themselves; but that grass is whisky remained among the unexplored treasures of nature, until a Kamtschatan found it out, and an Irishman im ported it to comfort and civilize the county of Cork. The Green Isle may well be proud of her livery, since her emerald will dilute into better proof than Cleopatra's pearl !-Morning Herald. DUBLIN.-The sub-agitators are trying to mag nify into importance, the late schism between the immediate Repealers and the wait-a-whiles. But their efforts are laughed at. " Gallio carcth for none of these things." The public at this moment would not care if the two parties were tied neck and crop together and tumbled into the Thames. Unless when O'Connell is present in the body to work upon the passions of the Irish people, by "that prevailing gentle art" of his, they never think of repeal, either as a practicable or a desira ble thing, and if he but turns his back for two or three months, they forget the " accursed Union" as if they felt not the grievance at all. The ques tion is now in Elysium, and whenever O'Connell thinks fit to resuscitate it, he can do so. " His breath can make it-as his breath has made," but it won't come to light at the call of Fergus O'Con- nor. For repeal is a creature of O'Connell's own forming ; it comes at his call, and departs at his bidding. He alone knows the trick of it. The members of his family seem to feel as easy as him- self about the matter. One of them, the member for Youghal, has written to the Freeman's Journal, to say that if he had attended the late "National Council," when the question was debated, he " would have voted in the majority," that is to say, for Burking repeal. He says-" As I have re- ceived no communication from my constituents on this subject, I conclude that they are not anxious that the question of repeal should be immediately brought forward." There is one of the pledged repealers for you, who was shoved out of school into Parliament on the strength of this vital question ; and now he concludes that his constituents are not at all anxious about its immediate discus- sion ! He might have added that they never were anxious, nor had the least thought about it until his venerated sire hammered it into their heads by dint of all those strange and violent means, of which he is so well versed in the use, and the times, and the seasons. Conciliation is still the order of the day. Government have given directions for the immediate discharge from custody of every person committed to prison under tithe-decrees or exe- cutions ; and it is probable the few now in confine- ment for being concerned in anti-tithe meetings, may experience a remission of the remainder of their sentences. At the last Assizes, true bills were found by the county of Monaghan Grand Jury, against Marcus Costello, for a speech delivered by him last year at an anti- tithe meeting in that county, and about a fortnight ago the Crown Solicitors of the circuit, served notice on him that his trial would come on the ensuing Assizes, next month. He had not been long out of Kilmainham when he received this friendly notice, and from his six months' experience of a domicile in that healthy and celebrated prison, surrounded by his friends, he had no wish to explore the solitary cells and corridors of Monaghan gaol. He had, moreover, from the period of his liberation, conducted himself as " a good man and true," abstained from the evil companionship of his late associates, and studied hard to perfect himself in the honorable profession of which he is a member. It is said he made a strong appeal to Government on the hard ship of being subjected to a second prosecution, after what he had already suffered, &c.; I suppose this had the desired result, for the prosecution is abandoned, and notice was served on him to that effect yesterday. Captain Flinter, of the constabulary, who was lately dismissed for alleged harshness in the execu- tion of tithe-decrees has been restored, in conse- quence, it is said, of the general order which it was thought he had disobeyed, having never reached him.-Morning Herald. THE BEnroiin MISSAL.-This celebrated ob- ject of Bibliomania was knocked down by Mr. Evans, on Friday, (June 21), for the unprece- dented sum of .-61,000! to Mr. Cochrane, the bookseller, as the agent, as was said, of Sir John Tobyn, of Liverpool. This rich book is eleven inches, by seven-and-a-half wide, and two-and-a half thick, bound in crimson velvet, with gold clasps, on which are engraved the Arms of Harley, Cavendish, and Hollis, quarterly. It was the property of Edward Lord Harley, Earl of Ox- ford and Mortimer, who bought it of Lady Worsley, gi cat grand-daughter to W. Seymour, second Duke of Somerset, who wai appointed Governor to the Prince of Wales by King Charles the First. It descended from Lord Oxford to his daughter, the Duchess of Portland, and was purchased at her sale by Mr. Edwards, May 24, 1786\. At Mr. Edwards's sale, in 1815, it was bought by the Duke of Marlborough (for 687/. 15») from whom the present proprietor obtained it, and has since had a Russia leather case, with a lockand key, made for it. This last-named price was generally considered so enormous, that little expec- tation existed of its being reached upon the present occasion. After an introductory flourish of trumpets from thcauctioneer, thedificrent combatants entered the lists, the biddings commencing at 300 guineas, and proceeding with scarcely any pause till they arrived at the final sum we have mentioned. The room was crowded with spectators, who, when the biddings reached £1,000, testified their appro- bation by a distinct round of applause. As soon as tlie price and the purchaser were announe«d, several of the most eager Bibliomanists rushed out of the room, carrying with them no unapt illustriution, that " Bedlam and Parnassus were let loose."-Morn- ing Herald. At the late Bath Races speculation ran high, and was not confined to the race ground ; the play at night was heavy, and a gallant Colonel nibbled up- wards of a thousand at whist, by dint of a cool head, and superior skill. Those who play at this difficult game would do well to bear in mind the words of the Greek philosopher, " water is the best thing."-Morning Herald, Died, at Glasgow, on the 26th May, Janet Stirling, wife of Mr. Hugh Mann, of Glasgow. Died, at Glasgow, on the 8th June, Margaret Lyon, wife of Mr. John Panton, Suigeon, aged 22. In June, the noble estate of Stapleton, in York- shire, with a princely mansion and park, and land containing 1,800 acres, was sold for the sum of £59,300. Died, at Buenos Ayres, on the 2lst January last, in the 30th year of his age, Mr. John M'Leay late of Greenock. The New York Packet arr'vcd on Thursday last in Ü0 days. She brings no news, cveiy part of the Union was addressing the President (Jackson), expressive of regret at the late as- sault on his person by Mr. Randolph, who it appears is deranged, and who, it is believed, lias left the country.-Morning Herald. FRENCH POSSESSION IN AFRICA.-Extract of a letter of the 14th hist, from Toulon :-" Four tribes to the east of Oran, implacable enemies to tlie French, had several times attempted to take from our troops, by a coup demain, the block- houses which they had erected from dis- tance to distance, and which are surrounded by telegraphs, so as to convey intelligence to Head Quarters in less than five minutes. On the 4th, a detachment of from 1,000 to 1.200 horsemen approached the first of our block-houses, and attacked it with fury. Our soldier.? shut them- selves up in it, and kept a brisk fire, by which a great number of Bedouins were killed or wounded. But finding that the enemy increased and renewed the attack, our men made signals by the telegraph, and the Cammandent of Oran, thus informed ot the danger in which our ad- vanced posts were placed, sent out, in less than half an hour, three battalions of the foreign legion, and of (he GOth two squadrons of cavalry, two howitzpis. and a company of voltigeurs, who reached the Bedouins after two hours' march. The enemy awaited and charged our column, which drew np in line. They, however, were assailed by a discharge of musketry, which spread confusion through their ranks. Our two squadrons of cavalry took advantage of the moment and charged the Arabs, a great number of whom wore killed and wounded. Several prisoners have been brought in ; among them is the chief of a small tribe. Notwith- standing this, the enemy attempted to rally at the distance of one league, but they were dealt with as before, and dispersed in disorder. The Bedouins, in their fight, quarrelled among themselves, and caine to blows. They entered upon the territory of some tribes who are our friends, and drove their horses into the corn- fields to feed on the produce. These tribes, although weak, seeing their fields exposed to damage, armed themselves and fell upon the depredators. . A new struggle began and ended to the advantage of our allies. This double check will render it impossible for the enemy to renew their attacks for a long time to come. The Genetal-iu-Chief, wishing to make a solemn impression upon our enemies, on the arrival of tlie prisoners at Oran, ordered two of them to be beheaded in tlie public square, and the others to be sent home. Our loss in this en- I counter consists of five men killed and 22 wounded. That of the Bedouins is very con- ? siderable, but it cannot be exactly ascertained, ¡ as they always carry away with them their killed and wounded."-Morning Herald. \ COMMISSION COURT, DUBLIN.-TRIAL OF ' Mr. FARREN, FOR EMBEZZLEMENT OF MONEY. -Mr. Richard Farren was indicted for em- bezzling a considerable sum of money, from the person of Clement Codd, deceased. Mr. Codd was a gentleman of a very penn- ons character, so much so, that his only servant was one old woman. Upon the 9th of May he took a house at Phibsborough, being in a deli- cate state of health. Upon the 12th May, he became seriously ill; a friend of his was sent for, a Mr. Kelly ; on this gentleman leaving Mr. Codd, he mentioned to the servant girl that her master had a considerable sum of mo- ney in his possesfion,and not to let any strangers see him, as lie was so extremely ill. Mr. Kelly said if any thing of a serious nature should occur, he was to be sent for immediately. The prisoner Farren was with Mr. Codd the night he died. When the woman found her master dying she sent for Mr. Kelly. During the absence of the messenger the prisoner Far- ren was alone with the deceased fora quarter of an hour. When Mr. Codd died his pockets were searched for the money which he had placed in them previous to his death, but lhere was only the small sum of d61 13s. found in them. On the opening of the Bank of Ireland, upon the morning of the 14th of May, a per- son answering to tlie description of the prisoner caine there, and brought two bills of £100 each to be changed. The name of " W. Watts" was endorsed by the person upon the back of the notes. On the same morning the prisoner released his gold watch which he had pawned. The police-officers were sent to . search his house. They found in his iron safe j part of the money which was embezzled from Mr. Codd. The identical letter in which was enclosed the drafts to Mr, Codd by Mr. War ren, was also found in the prisoner's iron safe. Baron Foster charged the jury with much : precision. The Jury found Mr. Farren Guilty without a moment's deliberation.-Morning Herald. j AIJVANTAC.ES OF LOW PRICES.-A gentleman in one of the steam-boats asked the steward, when he | carne round to collect the passage-money (one ' shilling each for the best cabin), if there was no danger of being blown up ? The steward promptly replied, " No, Sir, not the least : we cannot afford to blow people up at these low prices."-Glasgow Herald. LONDON SESSIONS, ATRIL 10_These Sessions commenced before the Lord Mayor, the Recorder, and a bench of Aldermen. The Recorder, in addressing the Grand Jury, regretted that he could not congratulate them upon the probability of diminished labours upon the London side of the calendar. He should have wished to be enabled to do so, but truth forbade bim. The number of commitments in the city of London, unfortunately, exceeded the average of cases. He had to direct their attention-first, to a case of shooting, with intent to kill. They were to examine whether the imputation of malice was supported by the circumstances of the case, as detailed in the evidence before them. In the second place, he should direct their attention to the street robberies, which, notwithstanding the zeal and assiduity of the Magistrates, had not materially diminished. In the third place, he should allude to cases, the frequency of which gave bim consider- able pain ; he meant the daring and numerous forgeries, so injurious to a commercial community, which had taken place since the capital punishment was taken from such offences by the law. Cases of that description were most pernicious, for an acceptor or a discounter might be reduced, by being subject to the plans of the guilty persons, from a state of affluence to almost a dependence upon parochial relief. The offence was increasing every day, as the highest penality of the law had been commuted to transportation for life. If it should still continue, the legislature might think it neces- sary to recur to the capital puniahment. The | Recorder concluded his charge by giving the Grand Jury 'directions as to the cases of perjury in the calendar.- Times. Railway Iron for America.-We learn that a most respectable mercantile house in this town has lately received an order to send to America iron for the use of the extensive railways, now forming in that country, to the amount of £90,000.-Liver- pool Times. The new sixpences lately coined have the word " Sixpence" impressed on them, to prevent their being passed, when gilt, as half sovereigns, a fraud which had been committed to a great extent by passing gilt sixpences of a former coinage. A great quantity of base silver coin is put into cir- culation at the low gambling-houses, which swarm, and are daily increasing at the west-end of the town, particularly in the parish of St. James Morning Herald. We have a file of the Barbadian to the 16th of May. The new Governor-in-Chief opened th» Session of the Legislature on the 7th. In i,¡, Address upon that, occasion, his Excellency savs «' I believe I may lead you to expect that some improvement is intended from home in the judicial ' system of this island. Judges bred to the practice of that law they have to administer, and exclu sively devoted to its solemn duties, seem partial" larly necessary to a society constituted as this is" I beg also to congratulate the House that his Majesty's Government has relieved the island from the burden of contributing to the Governor's salary. "-Morning Herald. State of Religion in the United States_The re lative strength of religious denominations in Ame" rica is as follows:-In the Baptist Connection there are 6,059 churches, and 434,534 commuai cants. The increase of communicants during the last year has been upwards of 41,000. The total number of churches of the Orthodox Congregation alists is 1,059; of communicants, 140,000.° The" increase during the past year has been 27,252. The Presbyterians have21 Synods, comprising l]rj presbyteries 2,381 congregations, 1,935 preachers 1,730 ordained ministers, and 217,348 eominunÜ cants. The additions made to the number of com- municants during the past year have been 41,046? The Protestant Episcopalians have 12 Bishops' and the population over whom they preside is 6,000. The Methodist Episcopalians, or, as they are commonly styled the Episcopal Methodists, number 548,593 members. The United Brethren number 4,000 communicants; the Reformed Dutch Church, 79,560 ; the Associate Presby. terians, 12,033 ; the German Reformed Church, 17,888; the Evangelical Lutheran Church, 44,356. the Cumberland Presbyterians, 10,000; and the Universalists, 4,000. The Roman Catholic popu- lation may be stated to be 500,000; tho Associated, and other Methodists, 170,000; the Friends, or Quakers, 30,000; the Unitarians, 16,000; and the New Jerusalem Church, 5,000-Morning Herald. Midsummer Eve at Penzanee,-Midsummer is a jubilee throughout, Cornwall, but in no part of the country is it celebrated with more hilarity than at Penzance and its neighbourhood. No sooner does the sun withdraw himself from the horizon than the young men begin to assemble in several parts of the town, drawing after them trees and branches of wood and furze, all of which had been accumulating week after week, from the beginning of May. Tar barrels are erected on tall poles, some on the qua)', others near the market, and one even on a rock in the midst of the sea. Female children are seen tripping up and down in their best attire, decorated with garlands, and hailing Midsummer eve as the vigil of St. John. In a moment the torches make thoir appearance-the heaped up wood is on fire-the tar barrels send up their in- tense flame. Ladies and gentlemen parade the streets, or walk in the fields, or on the terrace that commands the bay ; thence they behold the fishing towns, farms, and villas, vying with each other in the number and splendour of their bonfires. Then comes the finale. No sooner are the torches burnt out, than the inhabitants of the Quay quarter (a great multitude), male and female, young, middle aged, and old, virtuuus and vicious, sober and drunk, take hands, and forming a long string, run violently through every street, lane, and alley, crying, " An eye ! an eye ! an eye!" At last they stop suddenly ; and an eye to this enormous needle being opened by the last two in the string (whose clasped hands are elevated and arched), the thread of populace run under and through ; and continue the same amusement till weariness dissolves the union, and sends thom home to bed, which is never till near the hour of midnight.- Cook's Topogra- phical Library. FURIOUS DRIVING.-Friday, (May 10), a young man, who gave his address " William Cochran, lace-dealer, Dublin," appeared before the sitting Magistrates, C. M. Skinner, R. B. Blackston, and Fortescue Gregg, Esqrs. to answer the complaint of Mr. James Gowdy, of this town, (Belfast), for having on Tuesday evening last, driven his horse and gig, at a most furious rate, over the Long Bridge. It appeared, by the evidence of several witnesses, that the defendant had galloped his horse nearly the whole way from Holywood, and abused bim shockingly. The Magistrates, after a few minutes' consultation, fined him in the mitigated penalty of 20s., as it was stated that he had pre- viously paid 10s. to another gentleman, for the use of the House of Industry, to prevent a prosecution for a similar offence committed on the Holywood 1 road.-Northern Whig. j THE " TÍNTH" AT KILKENNY_The " Tenth" are wishing themselves at the very devil.-The two , troops that aro in the city and the county of Kil- kenny, are ready to cut the throats of their nagi j first and their own afterwards. The confounded j " Coercion Bill," has produced much more incon- venience than ever entered into the lively imagina j tion of the " Agitator" We announce to the world ; at large, (which means every body out of prison) j that the " Tenth" are in the 11 o'clock omnibus of i desolation, which signifies the "last." They are in despair. Captain W. has written us word that he had as lief live in a «. city of the plague." , Neither pig or Protestant, cat or Catholic, dare show their respective mugs in Kilkenny, after 8 in ; the evening. What becomes of the jigs at the I doctor's?-the punch at Fitztipples?-the "hand of cards," (better than nothing), at Mrs. Mac . sbane's?-and, oh! (groans indescribable!) the j " rollicking" with the girls, every where and any ' where ? " What's the use," says N., " of cantering through the streets, in the sweet Spring evenings, ! like so many Alexander Selkirks, in regimental ' surtout, ' monarchs of all we survey,' and the devil a soul, except the gable ends of the houses, lo look at?" Katty O'Lynch cannot meet the Captain in the Church-yard, " by manes of that ' Coercion Bill ;' " and Biddy closes her lattice as the Ensign stalks along, heaving a sigh that would set a rhi nocerous expectorating, while the " responsive echo" from her breast sends another that would burst the bosom of a buffalo ! To the devil with the Whigs and their " Coercion Bill !" _ The de hided people imagine the Tories to be their oppres- sors-Are they ? They never would have fettered Pat, as the nerveless "nous"-less Whigs haye done. Ask your Priest, as he honours his God, if "the Tories" have done you half the harm the Wing» have? Be a good boy, Patidhcen, and the " Agc will stop Anglesey and his Proclamations, You shall have, Paddy, if you will only ''behave your- self," the right and liberty to witness the summer J sun sink into the bosom of the Atlantic billow, or retire in golden splendour behind the lofty "Reeks, and the freedom to smoke your dodheen without a dragoon at your heels, and transportation staring you in the physion/io^omy. You shall have another piece of advice from us, you vagabond, you, when we are in so good a humour to give it you; on<), in the middle of the mean time, Pat, you soul, he ware of the gagging Greys, and turn to the true hearted Tories !-Age. The silk-weaving in the towns round Manchest r has become more brisk. Plain sarcenets are mut in demand, and are likely to continue so tl>n>«S» the ensuing winter, as stocks are low. I''B'"1? goods are less in demand. Cotton-weaving is duli, owing to the continued advance in I goods are less in demand. Cotton-weaving is (lui, owing to the continued advance in the raw mat«"»1* Tlie factories at Bury and Heywood aro working short time, as are also the mills of John Fieldcn, Esq., of Todmoren, and several others of ti a neighbourhood. At Oldham at Royton the nulls ure working full time.-Leeds Mercury. _ Edited, Printed and Published, by WAR« SKPHEK« and FREDERICK MICHAEL STOKES, (Sole Ira prictors,) No. 5, King-street, Sydney, fftv South Wales. 