LACNCE8TON, January 17, 1833. We deem it necessary to state that the por tion of the Launcestaa Advertiser which comtneDces here, and goes on to the end of the Journal, is devoted to topics of local interest ; and to such selections from Colonial and European journals, as may come under the term ' News.' We have had, once more, Sessions of the Supreme Coi)Bt at Launcestbn ; and, for the first time, the trial of civil issues. ' We are well pleased that it is no longer unavoidably necessary for men to take a trip after Justice, 210 miles ; when Justice can so very comraodiously be brought to men's doors. Another step in the ladder of improvement, however, should be mounted. We believe in the recent civil cases tried in this town, the trials took place by the consent of both parties ; and that 6uch consent not being obtained they would have been held at Hobart Town. Trials, we should say, ought to take place, as of course, in the district where the contending parties reside ; and, should the parlies dwell indifferent parts of the coun try , then in the district of the defendant. We should even go further in our improvements. There being to be two Judges of the 6upretne Court, we do not see any good reason — or perhaps rather any reasons con, la which we could not adduce a great many more fro— why Criminal sittings, and Civil also, should not be held even in the interior, whenever the ends of Justice, and the convenience of the public, would be better served, than by holding the Court in the towns. Justice is itinerant in England; and, circumstances alike, should be so here. The object of constituting a Supram' Court, with -all and singular its appenda ges, we rather suspect to be the dispensation of justice ; and bow this can be best served is alone what ought to ba considered— though we can fancy a few other considerations that might obtrude themselves in to the question. We have had our eyes,- however, once more an noyed with the sight of the two sorts of Juries, civil and criminal-annoyed at the exclusiveness of their i nature. And here \ye cannot refrain from joining in 1 the old song do frequently sung in these parts. We want to see another sort of Jury in use. We do not care much about 'a Jury or twelve Britons, the va luable institution of .our forefathers,' as mouthed by many an honest Englishman in his outrageous venera tion of things constitutional. For, for our parts, we really have never been able to penetrate into the singu lar merit of that apostolical number ; nor to see the peculiar beauty of the possibility of one dogged simpleton being able effectually to obstruct justice by ' holding out' against the opinion of eleven sensible men. We do not believe in magic. To us there is notliiog singularly striking in the word ' twelve.' Our ancestors fixed upon it by accident, we can readily fancy ; and if any of the worthies bad by chance suggested thirteen, we should have had a baker's dozen vaunted as the panacea of justice* With our finite comprehension1 we do not see any reason in nature why SEVEN men should not generally be able to form justas accurate a judgment as twelve. The number is sufficiently large to admit of an infinity of suggestions in the Way of argument— sufficiently large to ensure independence— and is a number in a thinly populated country like this, which would in practice be nearly as convenient again (we love exactness) as the sacred, mysterious ' Twelve.' In our opinion then, seven, at most, should be the number for our juries; civil and criminal ; and we should be pleased at tUis number being fixed upon. Ab to allowing a majority to decide the case— this we can hardly expect yet. The time however is coming when even this, to us very apparent propriety, will, we doubt not, be adopted. At present there are a good many judicious persons (their ranks are becoming thinner, though, every day) whose ears are in a measure open to the conviction that the world has not arrived at absolute perfection, who are still fixed in their affection for English Trial by Jury in all its primitive integrity. 'We will not have our laws changed?* said the old barons, when equitable alterations were suggested in the feudal code ; too powerful to give any other reason than their will. The great reason was (alas, as usual} to be found in that moving principle, self-ishness. We will not, say the judicious persons above-named, have the laws altered because of their contrivance by the ' wisdom of our ancestors'— of such ancestors as the aforesaid barons ; contrived in reality by a set of igno rant, arrogant, cruel barbarians, wbo thought of them selves alone in all their Actions, iu a period of the world emphatically termed the Dark Ages. The wisdom or our ancestors ! How we lute the term. Wisdom forsooth! Ages of tyranny, rapine, bigotry, blood, and profound ignorance— and the people who lived in those ages are to be law-givers, and moralists, and the ologians for this present century ; and all centuries to come ; until some merciful comet shall come and dash into atoms the whole mass of earthly matter and earthly iniquity. There are many' men who have not objected to Parliamentary Befbnn, wbo would oppose re formed jumps— men who think they have made the ex act discovery wherewithal thing, the wisdomofances tors, commenced, and where it ceased. For ourselves, we do not object to a good institution, because it is old: we like what is good for its own sake— lor its very goodness : We hate what is bad too on its own peculiar account: and we must alter our opinion vert much indeed, when we shall estimate evil and good, as we would a horse, by their age. We do not there fore object to those persons who maintain the continu ance of old institutions— because they aredemonstrably good ; and if such persons' can satisfactorily prove that there is a talismajijc virtue in the number ?' twelve,'' and by no means in 7 oV 13, we shall be well content to believe in witchcraft hereafter ; thence falling by a very easy process, itllb the old faith in ghosts and gob lins. The persons to whom we politically object, are those who believe in ghosU, not by due course of ar gument ; but because it was the custom of their grand fathers to believe hi such wise. But to our. Juries in Van Diemen's Land— solid, substantial, material beings. Of the two 60rts of Juries, the civil and criminal, the civil (if it may be called a jury) has our most weighty objection. Its number is not, we think, too small, if there -vere a cer tainty of always ensuring two very skilful penetrating persons. There is uot this certainty ; and we there fore come to OUR number seven (as, not an infallible number, but) as better than two. To every general rule are exceptions. All kings are not all tyrants: bishops are occasionally disinterested in temporal po litics : ministers have been, who thought less of them selves than of their country : opposition members, who really opposed for the sake of the people and not for their own advantage. The quorum, then, will not be offended with us at doubting that each individual member of THEIR body is a skilful penetrating per son ! We feel indeed pretty sure, that each indivi dual member will not think himself the exception to the general rule of wisdom. Yet how wise and ho nest soever, the magistracy of this Colony may be, in general, their number is much too limited to form a body from which justice shall elect her handmaid ens. The chances are that their worships are as good as any other equal number of honest gentlemen : but if we enn multiply the sum of their honesty by 20 (as we surely can do) we need not instruct the people how much the product will be in their favor. The result of our argumentation (which, by the bye, we find, in looking back, to be given rather at random) is, as respects our civil juries, that the num ber two is too few — that seven would be better ; and that the general stock from which the two are taken, is not large enough ; nor nearly so large as it could very easily be made. And this result, without the least reference to the wisdom of our ancestors who lived in the Age of Ignorance. We did intend saying a few words about the crimi nal juries— but our present article has already ex tended itself beyond our expectations. Besides, 'we may very soon expect Trial by Jury after the English fashion ; whence we may gather that what has already been u rged against the present system has had effect In this view, perhaps, what we have already said may to some appear unnecessary ; but we felt the desire to combat a little of what we consider the bigotry or the world ; and to shew that the English jury system may indeed be comparatively good, but is not, because the English system, necessarily infallible. We mentioned, a week or two ago, that we had heard that it was in contemplation to commence the erection of certain public edifices in this town. We are beginning to believe that there may have been a little truth in the mysterious rumours upon which we founded our information. Hints are now more openly given as to the probability of no less thau three public buildings being about to be commenced ' forthwith,' — to wit, b Court HoUse, n Female Factory, and a Cus tom House. We hope, at length, to see the probability turned iuiocertainty. We want the people ' on this side,' to feel a few of the benefits of living under the felicitous eway of a 'British Government:' for as yet tueir acquaintance with so valuable &n; institution mainly rests in their having to contribute to its maintenance and support. People are singularly given to fancy that they have (he worst of a bargain — wheu they pay for wares of which they never obtain possession. We are enabled to give an authentic account of the Population of the Launceston Dis triot, For tbis present month— Jan., 1832. Free, ? 1809 1060 prisoners, ? 1403 174 Totals ? 8212 1234 Our English Journals by Saturday's post, am op to the 2d of September. Particular extracts will be found in another part of our journal. Here we shall offer with our own remark*, the general substance of our European intelligence. The King in person prorogued the Old Parlia ment, on the 18th August. Thank God Tor that ! How we are to see what the Reformed Estate will do. Little enough, will cry the Dltra-Tories : bot admitting they do no good whatever— we pive our opponents the advantage of their pre diction as if it were verified— this is not to prove that it has been wrong to try and produce good. Tbe people had a corrupt legislature : how are they to have an incorrupt one but by a change ? If the change is not sufficient, why then they must keep on changing. We ourselves are never very sanguine in our expectations of good resulting from human nature. Human nature is human nature— whether it be. a tory nature, or a whig nature, or a radical nature. They are all prone to error, though some, it is to be hoped, in a less degree than others. Whence our Eurprise will be less than our regret to see again things taking such a course as shall tend to make the nation food for a few hungry placemen, packed by a haughty as sembly of nobles, well worthy the days in which their Gothic titles hnd their origin. The remedv (talking generally) for this corruption of the com parative few who constitute a Government, rests in the hands of the many who constitute the Governed : and this remedy, which will always be found in a change of some sort, will always be required to be used, at seasons, as long as man in man. Still, however faint our hopes may be at ever arriving at perfection in the form of Go vernment, we ought never to lose sight of that end; nor to be scared from attempting to arrive at it, by the arguments of those who would rather bear ascertained evil to the day of judgment, than run a risk of a mere possible greater evil by change—or, as they would term it, revolution. Be it such— we never would stumble at a name. Physic is a huge evil ; but where is the man who would not take it when be feels himself fotng. And, unless n man be a predestinarian in politics, we think it should be pretty clear that political as well as bodily constitutions require occasionally a little doctoring. In the New Parliament, great care should be taken to return men of known liberality; and the liberal journals seem to be doing all in their power to impress 'his on the people. The King's speech is remarkable for ? nothing. As usual, a guarded, cautious, document ; bind ing the royal utterer by no hasty pledges. We do not, however, care much for Kings' speeches. We regprd them as a mere mat ter of monarchical form. A satisfactory state ment of ?the revenue- and the absence of distress on a wholesale scale— is what we should like to hear. Majesty hopes wild wonderful coolness that confidence may now be restored to ihe.legis lature. ' the preservation of genpral j*f»ce' is confidently looked lor; though thereidT.Vstartling fact of the general arming in Germaify before us. The Gentlemen of the House of Commons ore thanked seeuttdum tirtcn, for the money they have given— out of the people's pockets ; and Royalty has great satisfaction that the people hnve no ad ditional burthens to carry. When will this sort of language cease to be necessary ? War still seems probable in Europe— but some how or other nations, or their ruleis, seem to have become doubtful of the good effects of send ing forth some thousands of men with bayonets, to poke into the bodies of some other thousands of men with bayonets— Bnd get correspondingly poked themselves. True, France and Austria seem to be looking sulkily enough at each other: and if one felt confident of gaining all, and losing nothing, they would perhaps commence tugging at war, as the phrase goes. Bnt here is the rub. The Emperor of Austria is on his throne noir— and he feels the seat a seat of comfort: so His Majesty of the French. Wars (they both perhaps reflect) have been the means of deposition. The Portugal affairs seem unknown. Some ac counts say the Portuguese rend the air into tat itf-ra urfilli /*rlnB aF Dnilk. . Mnv| **t %***-.*. *I*M* j|._ MS_ it 60 rent with Miguel's name. We incline to think Dod Miguel has theuest of it : nor ere we sorry for this. Pedro is not to be admired ;— nor is Miguel; the latter indeed perhaps the less. But if the Portuguese love tyranny, let them have it. We wish them other than what they are : bat, being as they are, we would not, vi et armh, thrust liberalism down their throats. This would favour too much of killing with kindness. It is ntelesB to preach to men in what manner they ought to be happy. If they like tyrants— why force patriots upon them? if Ihey like priestcraft, * hy. try to deprive them of it i Happiness con sists in the acquisition of what one likes— then let the Portuguese be happy after their own fashion. Bot what we most wonder at, is thnt men should take such trouble to arquire Kingdoms nowa days. As to their tenure ihey nre decidedly the most insecure property we know of ; nor is the personal vanity of the possessors much tickled at the present period of the world. Men now be gin to care little for one of their species (unless perhaps in Portugal) just for no other reason, than that he wears an antiquated piece of furni ture on his head, called a crown. And they will soon care less. Not that the bulk of mankind will ever cease to respect and venerate authority. They will always respect authority, from the constitu tion of (he human mind; which leads men to l-ow before power, whether held by Kings or Presidents— Consuls or Triumvres. A wholesome principle in practice ; though -oo often founded no doubt in feelings of not the most worthy na ture. But men begin to gape less than they did at the trappings of royalty :^ ihey know the ex pense of them ; and they ,can. see, as far as the show goes, much finer at the play-house for a few shillings. Disturbances still distinguish Ireland:— without wonder. Grant the legality of the present state of things, and what answer is that to men starv ing under that state. A new policy must be adopted with respect to Ireland, or the event will be worse than we like to contemplate. Tithes are legal : so much the worse : they must bp made illegal— and with them many other abomi nations ' according to law.' Bnt here we must bring our present remarks to a dose. We wanted to give a glance at the British Ministry ; and a few of the probable re sults of the-TUform Bill. But we have not space to day ; and must reserve the points for future consideration. -? Odb English Journals still say nothing of General Darling. We should conclude that there was nothing to say about him — did we not know the comparative insignificance, to an English public, of the subjects connected with an ex-Governor of New South Wales. We are requested to slate that the snle of Horses, &c.; advertised by Mr. G. S. Buodie, for this day, will not tuke place. On Monday evening last, (we are not aware at what lime) the residence of Mr. Barnes, on the river, was attacked by five armed bushrangers ; one of whom is stated to have been the notorious Britten. We hear that Mrs. Barnes observed two of these fellows in the art of tying the servants in the kitchen, a building detached from the house ; and then informed Mr. Barnes of the circumstance. It appears that immediately after one of the ruffians proceeded to the hnpse and burst open a glass door; when he. was saluted with the con tents of a pistol, fired by Mr. Barnes, who was in the act of proceeding to the kitchen, .dr. Barnes then retired to his bed- room for another weapon, and on his return found the man off. He then went to the kitchen and the huts, and found all his men tied. These wn stale that one of the bushrangers was a mnn who had formerly been n servant to Mr. Barnes, and who absconded a week or two ago ; and one, the well known Britten. They were all well armed. The man fired at by Mr. Barnes, is no doubt wounded ; his blood having been traced to a considerable dis tance ; and a largo quantity appearing near the house,, where his gun and pistol were found next morning. A detachment of soldiers are now sla tioned at tho house ; nnd the Police Magistrate lost no time in despatching n party of the police in search of the depredators. Five Government sawyers were taken up, we learn, yesterday, for a violent robbery committed at Mr. Smith's inn, on Hie banks of the Tamar. They now remain in custody in Launceston. We hear that suspicions have long been entertained against these men ; and are inclined to suspect that they have not been too narrowly looked after. His Honor (he Chief Justice left Launceston. for Hobart Town, on Monday last. The Attorney General on Saturday. The Eagle, with her wheat, arrived in Bobart Town, — her passage from this port being per formed in 48 hours. The finest samples on board did not realize above 4s. 7J«1. Captain Bannister appears in the last Gazette as Sheriff for the present year ; and Mr. Solicitor Ross as Clerk of the Peace, and Registrar of the Court of Requests, vice Mr. Etnmett, suspended. The highest price given this week for wheat, in Launceston, that we have heard of, is that given by an individnal purchasing for tbe Sydney market — 4s, cash. This is at all events some rise; and in the matket generally there is an advance in the price of wheat. Tbe brig Camilla may be daily expected at this port,— consigned to Mr. Thomas Scott. Advices have hern received, stating that she was to leave Scotland on the 10th of August. We think the Chief Justice will be able to testify on behalf of the town, for a New Court House. We really pitied judge and jury, the suf focating oppressiveness of each long day's oyer and terminer, in the miserable tenement which they are forced to occupy. The following authentic list of vessels to sail for this Colony in the months of September and October, we find in Mr. Cathcart's Exchange Room ; which may be relied on :— For Launceston —Chili, Marj Ann, (Jacks) David Owen. Hobart Town and Launceston— Protector. Hobart Town — Gulnare and Auriga. Reports have come up to Launceston from Bo bar* Town, as to the state of the wheat market at Sydney, brought, it is said, by a Government vessel from that port. It is said that the crops of New South Wales are a complete failure. Tbis is only the on /lit, let it be understood : we have no documents before us as yet, the post not having arrived, last night, two hours after its prescribed hour. However we think, we may fairly indulge in the hope that the report is founded in fact. Our readers will have observed from the prices we have quoted, that there has been a gradual steady rise in the Sydney prices ; nnd that the Agricul tural reports from the districts, were of a very unfavorable nature. Emigration.— Mr. Dixon, on Wednesday, in tends to move in the House of Commons a resolu tion, declaratory ' That it is expedient to alter tho system of alienating crown In.ids in tbe Aus tralian colonies, inasmuch as the. present regula tions have a tendency to check emigration, are subversive of every principle of justice towards those who have taken their grants of land on other terms than those now ordered to be en forced, and are detrimental to the interests of the rising generation n thoSR settlements.' — Globe, Monday, July 23d. It is stated to be the intention of a society formed in England, about two years ago, for the suppression of l( Juvenile Vagrancy,' should it be enabled to prosecute its plans, to send a large portion of the boys to the Cape— the Government having consented to hear half the expense, and to establish a protectorship on their arrival. Thi» society is looked upon as likely to be productive of much good to the Cape. The boys are to bfi instructed in spade husbandry, am), by being apprenticed to the farmers, particularly in the district of Albany, they would neither be associ ated with slaves, as in other colonies, nor with convicts as in New South Wnles. They would be soothed into a lire of peaceable industry, by being placed among their own conntry-people, speaking the same language, professing the same religion, and entertaining the same feelings and sentiments respecting the many topics of daily thought aud conversation with themselves.— Sydney Gazette, Dec. 8th. 