AMERICAN GHOST STORY. ' (From the New York Mirror.) Who is she that standeth at the open window, shaded by the spreading branches of the old tree, which hath long since dis appeared from the hallowed spot, modestly taking the morning air at home instead of gadding up and down the streets ; the sight of her warms my heart, ;and recalls the memox-y of youthful hopes and disappoint ments. Beautiful little Marian, thou at least deserve a biography, and thou shalt have it before I go ,to sleep.. I am deter mined to rescue thee from oblivion, let what will be the consequence. If half a hundred dandies die of love of thy beauty, half a thousand belles of envy, I cannot help it. Thy memory shall not perish, beautiful damsel ! Marian was the only child of a most res pectable widow lady who inhabited the identical house where the artist has repre sented her as standing at the window in the prime of womanhood. She was destined a great fortune ; and of the crowd of cocked hats exhibited by the artist, in the street and on the pavement, not one came there but with a view of casting a sheep's eye at the charxning little Mai- ian. I will not deny that I myself was predisposed to mount my steed and curvet before her, as may be seen in the picture, with a view to exciting her approbation by horsemanship. The household of the old lady was com posed of three or four ebony domestics, each as the cook, a female, the coachman, the chamber-maid, and the lady's own man, as grey as a badger and as black as anthra cite coal. They were all old ; for it seems to me there were no young servants in those days, except the humble servants of the ladies. There was a distant kinsman of the old lady who resided with her, said grace at dinner, cut up the tough geese, and made himself useful in all tlie multifarious ways that the ingenuity of patronage devises to enable such persons to repay their obli gation. He was known by the name of Herman ; and his character partook largely of that trickery, cunning, and interested hy pocrisy, which is so often engendered by a life of dependence. He had long cher- . ished a secret yet vehement desire to wed the beautiful Marian, and appropriate her fortune to himself, and for this purpose i.used every art of subserviency to make him self, inexpressible degrees, an interest in lier heart, without alarming either herself or her mother. But the young lady suspected not his at tachment to her, or rather to her fortune, for indeed, she felt no interest in him sufficient to make her either watchful or clear-sighted as to bi3 .sentiments or actions. The good lady-mother still less had an idea of his plans ; for, in the first place, she con sidered him entirely out of the question, and, in the second, she was gradually be coming a strict devotee, as is often the case with elderly ladies in want of excite ment. Of late she had become very super stitious; and there was not a dream, a ghost story, or a supernatural visitation that she did not believe as true as the gospel. But, notwithstanding all this, she would have bounced at the very idea of marrying her daughter to a thing . less than a little great man, and of this Herman was per fectly aware. All that lie could do, there fore, was to assail the young lady by silent attentions-ami grateful assiduity, waiting pa tiently till the chapter of accidents might pave the way to the success of bis wishes. But the prospect of this became every day apparently more distant. Marian was sur rounded by admirers, and now a new one entered the lists, who seemed destined to prevail over all his rivals. His name was Arthur Whittingliam, and my readers will know more of him anon. It is sufficient for for my purpose to say, that he gaijted a deep interest in the heart of Marian, and that he merited such a distinction. Herman watched the progress of this attachment with a degree of ravenous jealousy, which every day became the more violent from the necessity of repressing it in is own bo som. He dared not enter the lists with his rival ; he dared not exhibit his feelings, and they preyed upon him like so many vul tures. He thought of nothing but how to thwart this growing attachment, and his solitary hours by day and by night were spent in devising plans which reason told him it was impossible to execute. Matters were in this state when the spirit of improvement which at that time began to awaken in our city, prompted the old lady to change the location of the kitchen > which tradition said had originally been in the cellar, under the west etid of the house, and had many years before removed to the j east. An ambitious neighbour had built a five story house adjoining that end of the old lady's mansion, which, overtopping her chimney, caused it to smoke in such wise that the black cook was afraid it , would spoil her complexion, and never rested un_ til she persuaded her mistress to remove the kitchen to the old place it had occupied before the revolutionary war. This was accordingly done, to the great content of aunt Dinah, who excelled in pepper-pots; hut she might better have staid where she was at the other end of tlie house. She lxad scarcely lighted the fire in her new dominion when there commenced a rattling of chains, and an infernal roaring in the premises, that sent aunt Dinah out of the kitchen ten times faster then she came in. She ran to her mistress, and told her the old hoy, or something worse, was in the kitchen. By this time Prince and Cuffee and the whole household had evacuated the lower region, and ran together to tell their mistress what was going on, each in his own way, and all talking together. The good old lady was frightened almost out of her wits, and calling Herman, proceeded, at the head of the household troops, to investigate the mysterious affair. The rattling of chains, and the roaring noises still continued, and seemed to increase in violence, to the utter consternation of all parties . The old lady retreated into her strong hold, took down the Bible, and, putting on her spectacles, began reading the story of Saul, and the witch of Endor. Old Dinah declared she would not cook at such a diabolical fire, and, Cuffee and the black prince swore they would not eat the dinner if she did. Herman proceeded to examine the premises, for the purpuse of ascertaining the cause of this incomprehensible uproar, but without success. It continued dining the whole day, until the fire went out in the evening, and was heard no more that night. The next day Dinah emigrated back to the kitchen in the east wing, but the smoke was so intolerable that she declared the roaring noise and rattling chains were more intolerable, and again retreated to the diabolical region. Ti,e moment the fire began to burn the noises commenced, and again the whole household was thrown into confusion and consternation. But aunt Dinah had seen a good many witches in her day, and had once put a whole bevy of them to flight with. a red-hot poker. She was, therefore not so easily frightened as some inex perienced people, and always kept the poker heattd for any emergency, determined rather to stand her ground than go back to her old quarters and be smoked to death. I ought to mention that recourse was had to an expe rienced chimney -doctor, who tried his hand at remedy ing the matter, but, like many other doctois,he only made bad wcrse. In the mean time the report got abroad, and the whole neighbourhood first, and the whole city by degrees rang with the story of the haunted house. It teas said that it had been used during the occupancy of the town by the British as a place of confinement for prisoners, and that a mysterious man, with an iron- bound phy siognomy , had been kept there in chains and finally disappeared in an unaccountable manner. People began to hear groans in the middle of the night, and glim mering lights were sometimes seen by the watchman, whose dttiy it was to guard the precincts of the city -hall from night intruders. The venerable Skaats was als-> frequently disturbed by dreams and nightmares that he sometimes waked panting j or breath. Finally, the whole affair got in the newspapers and the whole coun try talked of nothing else. It should he' borne in mind, that people had neither railroads, internal im provements, tariffs, nor mutlificationi to stultify them at that period, aud were, therejore, right glad of something to talk about. The old lady became ten limes more devout than ever and was often closeted with a mysterious person skilled in the " gramary" of the famous pom -warnings ut old Iladley, who had been recommended to her by Herman as a most skilful cxorciser of evil spirits and layer of ghosts . This cunning vurlet by degrees insinuated himself into her confidence, insomuch that it was not long before he got the entire direction of the old lady's conscience, and could almost persuade her to anything. He and Herman accasionally watched at night in the kitchen, where every day the same rattling of chains and accompanying noises were heard, from the time of lighting the fire in the morning to its going out at night, when all became quiet. The old lady would question the crafty varlet as to the causes of the unto ward disturbances, but he only shook his head in a significant manner, and answered vaguely , on purpose to excite her curiosity. At length, one day she insisted on his being more explicit, when, as if with great tribulation and reluctance", he told her that he had twice seen the ghost of her deceased husband appear immediately after the rattling of chains had ceased, and advance towards him as if to say something, but at each time the voice of a watchman" Past twelve o'clock, and all's well," had stopped his mouth, and caused him to vanish up the chimney, whence the rattling of chains seemed to come. Tlie good old lady was so frighted at this relation that she made little Marian sleep in the room with her from that time, justly concluding that no ghost, how . ever mischievously inclined, would find it in his heart to injure such an innocent little darling. She also en joined upon the pow-wowing varlet to watch the next night to seeif the ghost would make his appearance again and speak to him. at the tame time exacting a solemn promise that he would repeat to her every word he said, without addition or dimunition. Accordingly, the next day he asked a private audience of the old lady, and locking the door inside communicated the following in telligence, every \word of which she most potently believed. - - V ' - . " About twelve o'clock," said he, ' when the rattling of chains and the roaring sounds had ceased and all was silent as a churchyard. I heard three taps against the chimney-bach, followed by three hollow groans and three loud tneeses." My poor dear husband always sneesed three times in succession," thought the good lady. "I sat still and said nothing, but kept my eye steadily on the spot whence the groans proceeded, when all at once a figure seemed to come out of the wall, with a long Meenhaum pipe in his mouth, dressed in a cocked hatt a sky blue birds eye silk coat, and gold laced waistcoat, and breeches of the same colour, a long queue, and powdered curls." Here the old lady screamed, " the very dress my poor husband always wore I Did you ever see my hus band when alive'V' "No." " Wonderful! exclaimed she again, forgetting that he might see his picture, dressed exactly as he described, hanging tip in the hall every day. " Well, and what did he say ?" " Why, luckily the watchman happened to be asleep this time, and omitted to call out ' Past twelve o'clock.' The figure advanced slowly upon me with a gold snuff box in his left -hand -out of which he ever and arion took a pinch, and then sneezed three times." " Just like my poor dear husband sighed the dis consolate widow. " Well, when he came within two paces he cried out ina low, solemn, sepulchral voice, " Hem !" I an swered him in a voice equally solemn and sepulchral, "Hem!'" " ' Listen !' said the voice. Say on,' replied I. " ' My dearly beloved wife, who coiild never rest content without getting at every body's secrets,— " 'Tis a scandalous insinuation," cried the old lady, in a pet ; but it is just like my foolish husband —" ' " My dearly beloved wife, said the ghost. " Well, well you needn't repeat that over again." " ' My dearly beloved wife would know the occasion of these mysterious voices— listen \ Know that on the birth of Herman and of my daughter Marian, which happened on the same day, I entered into a solemn agreement with his father, who was then a wealthy mer chant that if they both lived to the age of twenty-one they should be joined in lawful wedlock. I cannot rest in my grave till this promise is complied with, nor will these noises ever cease till then . "Report this to my dearly beloved wife, and tell her, as she values the repose of my body and my sout, to fulfil my engagement without delay . I know she is an obstinate sort of an old lady, but it shall go hard but I worry her at last, or my name is not—' " " Will heT' quoth the widow to herself1. " I'm not quite so sure oj that." She was not a little nettled at these posthumous reflections of her spouse. " Here continued the pow-wovvor, " the poor ghost was interrupted by the voice of the .watchman, who hud just waked up, and, seeing the windows red- denning' with the rising sun, began to cry Fire, fire !' with all his might. Farewell, quoth he ; 'I hear the milkman's summons, the morning salutation of the early chimney -doors. Farewell! — the grave is open to receive me. Let not the day pass without communi cating this to my dear wife.' Saying this, he de liberately took another pinch of snuff, sneeted three times and disappeared . You now know all, madam, and must act according to your oicn discretion." So saying, he unlocked the door, and left the widow to her reflections. These were by no means enviable. She was not a little affronted at the irreverent manner in which the ghost had spoken of her, and the thought of marrying her rich, beautiful daughter to such a poor sinner as Herman, was gall, wormwood, and aloes. But then the commands of her dead husband, the repoie of his body and soul, and the horrible noises which beset her and her daughter from morning till night, furnished a counterpoise to all her objections. After a hard strug gle, she determined to comply with the injunctions of the ghost. When this was communicated to Marian, she turned pale, and wept her unwillingness to offer herself up as a sacrifice to the repose of her deceased parent's re mains. The existence of these mysterious and uppulling sounds she could not doubt, for she had often heard them ; but the appearance of the ghost she did not en tirely believe. She communicated the whole to Whit tingliam, who scouted the story of the bow-wower, and attempted -to persuade her either to consent to a pri vate marriage or refuse to wed with Herman. But the poor girl was infected with superstitions fears, and her nerves weakened by the perpetual recurrence of these appalling sounds. By degrees, her opposition became weaker, as the thought of her being possibly accessary to the disturbance of that repose which be longs to the grave gradually possessed her mind. — " I must make the sacrifice," said she one evening, as she and Whutinghum were strolling arm in arm on the battery. " The sacrifice of two living souls on the altar of su perstition." cried he, " Oh, Marian, can you be so weak as to believe this wild tale V' " Have I not heard the mysterious noises ?" " Yes, and so I have. J cannot deny but there is something apparently supernatural or, at least, unac countable in them. But the tale of the ghost deserves only to be laughed at." " Not by me. Every thing connected with the memory of my dear father is sacred. I cannot live under the impression of his wandering about after death, and wanting the revose of a quiet grave, and all through my fault." " And you will destroy the peace of us both ?" " I will : it is the command of my loving mother, and, perhaps of my dead father ." " Then you will never see me more," said Whitting liam ; and they returned to the haunted house without another word. As they opened the door, they heard the rattling of chains and the roaring sound. Marian shuddered, and even Whittingliam felt his nerves some what shaken. " Hark ! cried she, " don't you hear the warn- ing?" " It is the death knell of my hopes,", replied the youth, A pressure of the hand and a last kiss, and- they saw each other no more ! It was not long before Marian was worried into a slow, unwilling consent to wed with Herman. It was expected that the marriage would be followed by the repose of the ghost, and the discontinuance of the appalling sounds ; but to the astonishment of all, and the despair of Marian, they continued as they did before. I have sacrificed myself and poor Whittingham in vain," said she, a hundred times a day as the neglect and ill humour of Herman deprived her of the last con solation of a wife, that of believing herself beloved by her lius'and. Herman, who, as the reader probably suspects, had concerted with the pow wower the story of the ghost quarrelled with him when they came to divide the spoils of the plot and the consequence was a full exposure. But the noises still continued as great a mystery to Herman as to the rest of the world ; and, on the death of the old lady, he removed into a distant part of the city. Poor Marian continued to say to herself , " I have sacrificed myself and him I love in vain." And when, at length, she learned the plot of which she had been the dupe, she pined away and died of a broken heart. I never knew what became of Whit tingham. .The old house remained untenanted for many years, during which the mysterious rattling of chains and roaring noises entirely ceased. The whole story was forgotten, until, on pulling down the building, it was found by accident, or from tame cause or other, a smoke jack had been masoned up in the wall, during the period the family had abandoned it in consequence of the city being in possession of the enemy, when as I . before obseived, it was occupied- as a prison or guard- ' house. This discovery explained the whole mystery of the periodical rattling if the chains and the roaring noises ; but, alas ! it could not restore the happiness of poor Marian, or wake the deadfram their graves ! George Roberts. — George Roberts and myself were fellow sailors with Paul Jones, in his expedi- tion against the British in 1773, when he terrified the commerce of that country, by constantly hovering about tlie coasts of Scotland and Ireland, though having only a ship of eiglifeenguns. When Joneslandedon the coast of Scotland, and took away all the family plate of tlio Earl of Selkirk, ; Roberts was one of tho sailors who marched into the castle while that strange deed was done. I remaining on board tlie ship. The plate was all brought on board, and safely disposed of, though as it turned out, much to the Commo 1 i dore's loss, at he had afterwards to buy it up in Paris to f' return it to the owner, lie intended to capture tlie Earl '1 and delain him as a hostage ; but being absent from homd at the. time wc landed, it was prevented. ; / In the next year, 1770, Roberts and 1 sailed again wit!, ' our brave commander from Brest, in France, in the frigate Good Man Richard, carrying forty guns, and four hundred 1 end twenty men, or thereabouts, as near as I can recollect I She was an old ship, not fit for tlie hard service we put her" / to, as it afterwards came out. On the 22d September off Flamborough Head, which is a high rock that overlooks' tlie sea, wc fell in with tlie Baltic fleet, under the convov of tin, 1 frigate Scrapie, of fifty-eight guns, and the sloop Coimteu I of Scarborough, a very heavy ship, but I do not recollect Is having heard how many guns she carried. Justas thcinno,. I rose, at eight in the evening the enemy fired his first broa.l ' side, when within pistol shot of us. And now a mno \ murderous scene began. The action raged with horrid 1 violence, and the blood ran ankle" deep out of the shin' I scuppers. Our rigging was cut up to atoms, and finally boil! ships took fire-so that friend and foe were obliged to Z from fighting, that they might extinguish the flames. T. ' / Richard being old, was soon shot through, and began to sink. In tins awful condition, Jones' voice, like the roariiw of a lion was heard above the din of the battle, ordering to grapple w.th the e„,mv..» Weaccordingly made our shj fast to the Serapis : and it was easily done, as the two wer so near to each other, that when I drew out the rammer" the gun I belonged to, the end of it touched the side of th, Serapis ! Being thus fast and safe, wc fought without , resting, until nearly all our guns were burst or dismounted the ship nearly full of water— our first lieu'enanf, Grubb shot dead by Jones' own pistol, for hauling down the colors without orders, and which happened only at my own elbow 4 w"" ""d d'i"6' "" -'"p | While in this awful and desperate situation, my friend 1 Roberts, seeing how near spent wc were, jumped on the main f yard of our vessel, which projected directly over the decks i of the Serapis, with a bundle of hand grenades. These hi P contrived to throw down upon the Scrapie' deck, and sue. F ceeded in blowing up two or three of their powder chests . the explosion of which killed and wounded a great manv / men. 1 he Captain of the Serapis, perceiving his activity I ordered some shot to be fired at Roberts. One of them '> struck a rope by which he supported himself, and caused him to fall upon the gunwale of the enemy's shin which 1 1 observing caught holdofhimand pulledliim aboard He ' immediately got upon the same yard arm again, witli a fresh supply of hand grenades, and made such dreadful havocon the enemy s deck, that in a few minutes they surrendered For tins great bravery, Paul Jones publickly thanked him on tlie quarter deck ol the Serapis, the next afternoon ward/ " double the a,lowance of grog for the week after. It was near midnight when the action terminated. The /' top of Flamborough H cad was covered with people watching t f the engagement, and no doubt the sight must have been it grand. I lie next day our ship sunk, being fairly battered W to pieces by the enemy's shot, as they poured a shockingly 1 murderous fire into us all the while. Commodore Dale, 1 who died in this city about two years ago, was Jones' second I lieutenant, and was badly wounded about the middle of the battle. He was ordered to go below, though he still wished to fight upon deck. After he went down, he was very useful iu taking care of a largo number of English prisoners we had on board. We bad 174 men killed, and / nearly as many wounded and missing. Tho Serapis had 135 men killed, and about 60 wounded. Conversation betw Ten the Duke 0/ Wellington and Sir Edward Codrivgton, at a dinner party.— At dinner I happened to get nest to my old friend, I' Lount -j , and in the course of the evening, Wl \ chanced to be talking in one of the window recesses, in German, when the Duke of Wellington and Sir Ed- ward Codnngton passed near us in earnest converse- tion. Of course I did not move, and was taken for a se- \ cffl«j0igner, who did not understand English , Sir Edward Codrington," said the duke, " I am $ happy to inform you that I am making arrangements to £ give you a pension of eight hundred a year for your f services f " Indeed, your grace ! then I cannot at- pt it. " Oh, but indeed you must I it comet from j the kmg, aud is the most handsome thing possible." ' ' I cannot see how the king, my lord duke, can reward - my services, after what has passed, in this manner. I hope there is not a more loyal subject in his majesty's dominions than myself ; but I must, in this instance, consult my own feelings. You will recollect, you have ! as yet given me no answer to the memorial which I sent in, requesting that the men might be remunerated for the clothes which they lost at the battle of Navdrin; | neither have you taken any steps towards giving us a J grant for the action j and can your grace imagine that " I will receive a pension, when my men are thus allowed j to go unrewarded, and the action has been so misrepre- j seated! Your grace has commanded an army, .andl | have conmanded a fleet — a combined fleet — and your ? grace is very well aware how much the men look up to a ? commander-in-chief for protection and the rememberance ! of their claims. No; if his majesty wishes to reward j me for the action, let my officers and men, who shared i in the action, share my reward." " You mistake, Sir f Edward," replied the duke, " the met it of the battle has never been denied ; besides, the treaty at Alexandria is sufficient to establish your reputation. But, with regard to a parliamentary grant, tho law is against you." " Yes, your grace, I know it is, if you choose to make it so ; but we have as much right to it as Lord Fixmouth ; the circumstances are the same." " No : in that case war was declared." " I know it; Lord J Exmouth was instructed, if he could not obtain what | he demanded, he was to declare war by firing on Al giers. He did so, but, in my case, the Turks first fired on us : thus virtually declaring war ; and because we were the defendants instead of assailants, we arp to < loose our grant !" " Will you not accept the pension, then?" inquired the duke, rather chagrined. Most decidedly not, my lord duke,"— when they bowed and separated. Good heavens? my dear sir, do you actually mean I to say that the whole of this took1 place ! I can hardly i believe such a thing. That may be very likely ; I will not swear to every syllable, not perhaps to every phrase ; but of this lam \ most positive, I have given you nothing more than the f sense of their conversation, and nearly all the wording ofiti Well, it indeed seems monstrous that a ministry could be found silly enough to attempt patching up their v by such a paltry bribe ; and if anything were wanting to prove Sir Edward Codrington's noble , ness of soul, and the opposite quality oj the other, it ' is this transaction. Dr. Franklin quoted against Himself Dr. Franklin, Sir Joseph Banks, Doctor Lettsom, Lord Laughhorougli, and Doctor Rolander, once went in a party to Spithead, to try the expeiiment of smoothing water with, oil. A laughable scene took place between Dr. Franklin and an officer on board the siiip, on the properties of thunder and lightening. The officer continually contra- ' dieted tlie Doctor with saying, ' Sir you are quite wrong in your opinion ; Dr. Franklin says so and so ; tlie Doctor ami you are quite contrary in your ideas: I uever will allow that Dr. Frauklin is wrong. I am certain he is right and you are wrong, begging your pardon." \ ' Edited, Printed, and Published by Horatio Wills, an Australian, joint Proprietor with the Executors and Executrix of the late R. Howe, at the Gazette Office , George-street, Sydney, 