HOBART TOWN: SEPTEMBER 17, 1833. Lot.it be impressed upon jour minds, tot it he in- stilled into your children, that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. JUNIUS. IT seems by a notice in the last Ga- zette, that the Government propose an important alteration in one point of their domestic policy, it being intended to de- part from a principle now tully recognized as to the diffusion of knowledge, and to impede this benevolent object in the most essential manner possible, by charging a postage upon newspapers. We really had a better opinion ol' the good sense of His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, than to have believed, for one moment, that he could ever have listened seriously to so injurious a suggestion- injurious, not so much to the immediate interests of those who have their capital engaged in the public Press, as to society generally, by the check that will be thus put to the only mode in which nine-tenths of the inhabitants of the Interior are ever able to acquire a knowledge of passing events. But perhaps we may have it said to us, that this will not be the case, as the scale intended to be fixed will be too moderate to produce any of the effect we speak of. In this part of the subject, however, we fully and entirely agree with the Courier of Saturday. *' It is upon principle," says that Journal, " that we are deci ¡edly opposed to the exaction, as whether it be called postage or duty is the same thing; it will still operate as a gtievous tax upon the diffusion of knowledge, and of course upon ali the springs of intelligence, mo- rality,- and religion, that ouse out of if, atjd disperse themselves among the com- munity, through the medium of the weekly Journals."' What makes the thing the more extraordinary ut the present mo- ment, is, that every account which reaches us from the mother conn try, exhibits as plainly as can, be, the anxiety with Which its rulers -are placing every possible faci- lity in the way of that very object, which ours, on the contrary, are desirous of im- peding. Look at the cheap penny publi- cations with which England is now inun- dated 1. Look al>o at «the important re- duction recently made in advertisement duty; and yet, although lhere is this «ide difference between England and ourselves, that the> demands upon her public purse occasion every shilling thatcan be scraped together to be exacted from the public, we, on the other hand, have a large sur- plus revenue, still we see upon what very opposite principles the two are proceed-' ing.- There is one point, upon which we apprehend, the Government are much un ' informed, connected with the suggested postage,.and this is, they fancy that,the prices at which newspapers aie published in this Colony, exceeding, as it does, lliut in England, leaves an ample fund from which the postage could be levied " with-, out,"'to use the words of one of its sub-, ordinates, "its scarcely being felt at all." Softly and gently, however, say we in reply: -It is tiue that newspapers are charged to the publie, higher here than in England ; but, in the first place, the cir- culation of the latter, upon an average, is to the foi mer, as a pound to a penny ; an the man must be a dolt, indeed, who does not know that the principal expense attending all piinting, lies with the Com- positor ;for, his work being done, the rest is comparatively trifling. Secondly; the price of labor, materials, &c.;, is fully in proportion higher than the same things in, England, as the relative pripes, of the newspapers; and thirdly, in the one place1, newspapers, advertisements, Sib., are al- ways ready money articles, whilst here, on the contrary, few think of paying under a year or two, and many, very many, never pay at all. We merely mention these considerations, by way of removing an error into which some fail, when view- ing the subject ; and which, we appre hend, as we have before said, has had no inconsiderable share in inducing the pre- sent intention. We would fain therefore, urge upon the Members in Council, to con sider the question well, in all its bearings, before they are hasty in coming to a deci sion. They will do well to seek evidence from persons competent to give it. It the result be such, as we are confident it would, that more harm than good would arise from the measure, we trust they will show themselves sufficiently alive to the interests of the Colony to reject it, al though it comes to them sanctioned by the high authority under which, it has been introduced. It should ever be borne in mind, that nothing is more dangerous than experimental legislation. There is another clause in the New Post-office Act, to which we wish to also call attention. It is section 22 -'*-Con veyance of letters by private individuals." Now, although we do not exactly know what is thus intended, it is easy to guess that the object is, to prevent letters from being sent otherwise than through the Post-office. It should be remembered however, that there are but two post days a week, and it may frequently happen that occasions of infinite importance may arise upon the intervening days, when it may be absolutely necessary to commu- nicate between parties in any way that may be practicable. It is reported about town, that one day last week, a discussion took place in the Legislative Council, as to the propriety of rating the ad valorem duty on imported goods, not as heretofore on the original invoice price, but upon the value of the commodity, in the market at the time of its importation. This new invention, it is believed, originated with Mr. Proctor, the collector of customs. Our local Government is most certainly an experi- mental Government; we are always hear- ing of new theories started, or rather, we ought to say, of old exploded theories being rummaged up from nearly worn out encyclopaediae; we have had immigration experiments, in fact, experiments of all manner of kinds and description--and now forsooth, because the old system of rating ad valorem duties on invoice prices was. found to answer well, we must needs try the experiment, whether duties levied on the market price of the article, when, imported, will; not answer better ? But we will put a case or two to the Mem- bers of the Legislative Council, in order to point out tlie fa lacy of the intended measure:-We will suppose a mer- chant imports a cargo of sugar,- -at the present time, the price, wholesale, is about four pence a pound; but the large importation with advices, as to an exten- sive supply coming, reduces the market price to two pence. Of course, the mer- chant must pay so much per cent, on the 4d. per pound. To morrow, we will sup pose, another vessel arrives also with a cargo of sugar, and down falls the price to three half-pence per pound ; the first merchant will have to pay duty, valued ou the sugar at four pence, although he can only obtain three halfpence, and the second cargo will be rated at two pence, whilst- three half-pence is the highest price obtainable. Besides, who, let us ask, is to lix the market price of the articles imported? Is Mr. Proctor, or are tradesmen to be questioned, as to what is the price, of such and such articles ? and how will the question be decided ? \- one tradesman will name one price, and another, another ! All foreign articles aro to pay ad valorem duty--now, suppose a jar or two of chow chow were imported, would not it puzzle even our sage Legis- lative Counsellor, the collector of customs, Mr. Proctor, to come to a right conclu- sion as to its value. Mr. A-- would give but 3s. ajar, whilst Mr. P---, of haut ton corner, would gladly give a guinea ; and so will it be in almost every case where duties are to be levied, should such a ridiculous plan be adopted, there will be one series of difficulties follow; dissatisfaction there will be on both sides -the customs and the importer will be always in hot water- and most probably, favoritism and frauds, to a considerable extent, will be practised, in order to save the high rate of duties. It is not as if the Local Government were in want of funds, then perhaps the plan might be less objectionable, but we have already too much balance in hand, and therefore why wish to encourage the size of the mill-stone, which is fast sink- ing us. It is no doubt argued that the duties are to be reduced - poob, non sense ! The people of this Colony are too old to be caught with chaff -reduce the duties' indeed - reduce:the balance in hand ?-trash ! ".. Thejt_d ia lot em duties, it ¡was perhaps intended,' should lie »omi ¡nally reduced just W pacify some'b now loudly complaining, but in what man ner.?~reduced one-third, perhaps - and then, instead of levying the impost on the invoice price, rate it on the actual value on arrival of the commodity. Why, the reducing the ad valorem duty one third, and then fixing the duty on the current market price, would be, in fact, adding very considerably to our revenue; instead of reducing it - and, we have little doubt in our minds, but that such was the intention, and that the talking about re- ducing the duties was a mere finesse to pacify. Heavy goods on sale in our market are, generally speaking cent per cent above the invoice prices-reducing the duty on an article one-third, and sup- posing that according to our present rate that article would be taxed fifteen per cent on the invoice, tbe reduction of the one-third would bring it to ten per cent ; but then nitud the ni voice, is to be thrown on one side, and the commodity to be rated at the market price, which we bave before asserted is generally cent per cent above invoice price - the consequence would theil be, that, the at tides which are now charged htieen per cent, would, by the reduction of the duty, and the change in the method of valuation, be increased to twenty per cent. N We now come to the Members of the Council. We were nearly terming it our Council, but we conceived it would be much more appropriately nominated the Governor's Council. It appears, if we are to believe current reports, for the Council-room door being hertnetncally sealed to the public-in due difference to the opinion ot a certain legal Membei of the Council-we are unable to publish statements which can be implicitly relied upon-that a difference of opinion took « place with respect to the change in the present method of levying the duties, and in consequence of this diffeience ot opi- nion, " the House divided." The Members of the Council present, were His Excel- lency the Lieutenant Governor; the Chief Justice Pedder; the Acting Colonial Treasurer, Captain Montagu; the Co lonial Secretary, John Burnett, Esq. ; the Acting Attorney General, Alexander M'Dowall, Esq. ; the Colonial Chaplain, the Rev. William Bedford ; the Collector of Customs, W. Proctor, Esq. ; J. Kerr, Esq ; Captain Swanston ; C. M'Lachlan, Esq , and R. Willis, Esq. Our readers will observe, that the number is ten, with- out including His Excellency the Lieu- tenant Governor, and strange as it may appear, five of the ten were pro, and the other five contra, when His Excellency, strangely as we conceive, gave the casting vote in favor ot the proposed measure. Mind reader we only assert the above on the authority of public report. Our readers can have little trouble in naming those who voted for the mercantile inte- rest, and those who voted tor the Go- vernor-but we may as well publish them : For rating ad valorem duties on the market price of articles Captain Montagu, Esq, Government Officer William Proctor, Esq , Ditto. Alexander M Dowall, Esq, Ditto J L Pedder, Esq, Ditto. Rev W Bedford, Esq, Ditto. Against the proposed measure J Burnett, Esq . Government Officer. C Swanston, Esq., Bank Director. C M'Lachlan, Esq , Merchant. J Kerr, Esq , Ditto. R. Willis, Esq , Settler. Thus do we find on the one side, only Government Officers, all of whom, with the exception ol one, can know nothing about mercantile aflaus - and opposed to them, are régulai men ol business-men, ali ot them, brou.ht up us it were from their childhood to cominetce \\\ e leave our readers to decide which' paity are most able to judge of what is the best to promote the mer anttte interest, and will reset ve the subject tor a lew further ob- servations. It appears, and were it not that we have beheld it ourselves, we should hardly give it credence, that Mister Muster Master Mason has chosen for the site of his Mansion House, under Hog-en dorf Castle, the very identical spot where once the " Gallows" stood ! ' ' On reflection we certainly do not know where Mister Muster Master Mason could have selected a more appropriate situa tion, in order to fit him for the unbending: offices of Muster Master and Assistant Police Magistrate, so as to fortify his mind against any foolish or tender feelings which might arise in the discharge of his all important duties. If such was his motive, we must say he has most aptly placed himself. How de- lightful his recollections-how pleasurable his reminiscences when his fanciful imagination depicts Pearce, the man eater, together with the other monsters, swinging from the fatal tree, where now his magnificent bed-posts rear their proud heads, ornamented with costly chintz, festooned drapery, and suitable fringes ! How cheering it must be to a finely cultivated mind stuffed with classic lore, the idea of re- posing in peace and contentment over the bones of the gibbetted ruffians, who have ex- piated their sins at this Gallows some few years since. It certainly requires a stout heart to be able to bear up against the shock which such association must give. It is well for Mister Muster Master Mason that ghosts have not yet made their appearance in this Colony, otherwise the clinking of chains, and the screams of the apparitions, dressed out in their winding sheets, would totally prevent him enjoying that sweet repose which his ar- duous and manifold duties throughout the te- dious day, so urgently require. At all events, we should suppose, he can never ring for his " valet de chambre" to undress him and put him to bed, until some of the neighbouring cocks crow-the signal for these unpleasant genty (the ghosts) to retire, should they have commenced playing their midnight freaks around the " Gallows." It gives us great pleasure to announce, that a most important alteration, will shortly he made in the Survey Department. In all probability within twelve months from the present time, there will not be one single Sur veyor now in office, holding a situation in that department. The public will no doubt be highly delighted with the intelligence, and the greater part of our jobbing Surveyors, having already feathered their nests, will not feel the loss of a paltry situation of only a few hun- dreds a year. It is the intention of the Home Government forthwith, to appoint as sur- veyors, officers, who have formerly belonged to the Royal Engineer corps-half pay Cap tains; men who have not only received the education of gentlemen, but men too, whose past services will guarantee their being regular men of business - some score it is said, are already nominated, and may shortly be ex pected-to arrive in the Colony. On their land- ing, the troop of " slow goers" will be under marching-orders, and right about and double Quick time, will be the words of command. The most expensive and worst conducted of all our public departments, is that of the Survey, and it appears the Home Government are at length convinced of this; fact, otherwvise the changes now in contemplation; were not likely to have been enforced. Goosey Goderich, is out of power and out of patronage-and what becomes of his proteges in Van Diemen's Land, is not yet ascertained, but we do hope and trust the real merits, if they have any, of these minions, will be discovered; and that they will henceforward be reduced to their proper sphere -their proper level in society.; This the world says, is a reforming age-we in Van Diemen's Land, have however hitherto only talked of reform-we must wait patiently for reforma- tion. The impolitic clause in the Post-office Act, respecting the postage on Newspapers, we can scarcely yet believe, will ever be per- mitted to pass into law-surely the Council will never strike such a blow at the private property of individuals, who have most un- questionably very materially assisted in ren dering the Colony what it now is, without con- sulting them. The Press of Van Diemen's Land, has never yet been in such danger as it is at present, and it is the duty of every man, be he Legislative Councillor or otherwise, to oppose the intended tax upon knowledge. Far better would it be, to have a stamp duty, than a Post-office charge-the townspeople and the up-country settler, would then fare alike, but now ignorance is to be patronised in the country, and parties scarcely able to pay their subscription to a weekly Journal, are to be taxed, for its conveyance. In England, such a plan would not be listened to for a moment. We trust in Providence however, that either one or two of tbe independent Legislative Council, who are now either absent or ill, will be in attendance at the Council, before the law passes-for as the Council is now con- stituted, the Press and the Proprietors of the Public Journals, stand but little chance-Capt. Montagu, we have to thank for the introduc- tion of this pet Act, and of course," he will vote for every clause of it-on his side will no doubt, be the usual Government force, and on the side for the people, the minor strength : but we refer our readers to another article in to days Journal, wherein they will plainly see what chance the people have with a Council, so constituted against any measure brought forward on the part of Government. ' We beheld a Government Order, ap- pointing Messrs Montagu, Hone, and Wilson, to the task of collecting the pew rents, so long ago as when the Venerable-the Archdeacon was pleased to honor us with his visitation. Wonders were then to have been done, but, as usual, where the affairs of the Church are concerned, we find nothing but delay and dis- appointment.-Nothing is fixed or determined upon but the salaries, and all the nice pickings of marriages, christenings, funerals, &c.; &c.; These, all these, are most scrupulously ex- acted, but, that the public should be served in any way, is rather too much to expect. We have never yet been able to comprehend why Mr. Hone, of all people, who has already more places than any other man in the Colony, why he should be allowed to meddle with the affairs of the Church. He has been one of the church- wardens for years, and what has he done ? We answer, nothing-so it will remain to the end of the chapter. It is mortifying in the extreme to see the Church and all its concerns, so dreadfully, so perseveringly, mismanaged. The Archdeacon, so far like Caesar, came and saw; but that he conquered,is another affair! When he compels the churchwardens todo their duty, we shall then say he is a most wonderful per- sonage, when he turns them out, and appoints those who will perform the work, we shall then exclaim-" Thou art the man." Is it true that little - Master Sutton holds the situation of Clerk to the Caveat Board-one requiring little or no labor to per- form its duties-at the amazing salary of one hundred and fifty pounds a year, while others are obliged to drudge from one end of the day to the other, for one hundred ? It is really sickening to the last degree. It would appear as if the ornamental was studied more than the useful, in the department of clerks, otherwise we should not be disgusted daily at beholding a parcel of dandified puppies flirting about in sun-shine, who seem to forget that those whom they look down upon with scorn and con- tempt, are compelled to administer to their wants and luxuries, by contributing to the revenue, out of which they derive every shil- ling they possess in the world. They should consider that a breath has made them-that they are humble dependants for their daily bread-and, if they have any feeling left, they should be thankful to have arrived safe in a penal settlement, and receive with humility, not what they earn, (for that is nothing) but what is handed to them by way of charity. On Sunday last Mr. Pinker's store was broken into and robbed of a few articles of trifling value. It appears the thief had opened a hack window, and forcing up with a log of wood one of the iron bars, had thus made suffi cien I room to creep through. He then lighted a candle, and went most leisurely over almost every room in the house. A young man, sleeping in the front shop, was awoke by the light of the candle, and' seeing a man assisting himself at the till, gave the alarm, at which)the robber decamped with all possible speed, and made his escape by running up the town ditch. On examining, it was discovered that he had placed outside the door several articles which he intended to have carried away-among others were a chest of tea, a ham, and a cheese; an empty writing-desk, which was for, sale, and which the thief no doubt considered a prize, is missing, as are also several French schawls ; but we deem it prudent not to give too full . particulars.-The man left behind bim a hat, a pair of shoes, and a bag. On Saturday last, some thieves at- tempted an entrance, at the stores of Mr. Askin Morrison-finding the walls-two foot thick of stone, they gave up the side entrance as hopeless, and procuring a ladder, placed it against the side of the store, which is three story high, and began to unroof the house they unshingled a large patch, but whether the number of rafters and their close posi- tion, thwarted them, is not known : they gave up the attempt after having lost much time and trouble; there is scarcely a night passess, but we hear of robberies of all kinds and des- cription : people cannot be too guarded-those who have firearms, should keep them loaded with small shot, so as to tickle the legs of the robbers, if they have opportunity-in Hobart Town, were parties can be so soon traced, a man thus wounded, would be sure to be, de- tected immediately. We lately heard of a vessel arriving from the Isle of France, whose captain, in order to save the enormous wharfage tax, lashed several bags together, so as to call four or five bags of sugar one package - by the bye, we ought here to mention, they were put on board his vessel so bound together, and described as so many packages in his manifest. On his ar- riving in this port, he was told by the Col- lector of Customs, that every bag would be charged as a packet, upon which the owner ordered the vessel to Sydney at which place the sugar sold well, and, as a matter of course, landed and wharfage paid thereon, according to the manner in which it was shipped. Per haps our next collector may discover that every grain of sugar is a distinct package, and that it ought accordingly to pay nine-pence per grain wharfage. Really we have about us, a wonderful set of master geniuses. We were rejoiced on witnessing the ar- rival in town of Assistant 'Surgeon and Colo- nial Apothecary Russell the other day, from a long tour of inspection, not so much to examine, we should suppose, the hospitals throughout the interior, as there areé none, but where they may be built with convenience at some future time, when Dr. Russell's valu, able opinion as to their fitness, could not be so conveniently obtained as at present, he being on his way to India. We say we were rejoiced to behold him, because on that day ended the charge for travelling expenses. The old pro- verb says, "He who hath but one egg for his dinner, had need of a cunning cook"-and so it must be now with the Colony-none must travel at the expense of the public, when they may as well be at home for all the benefit de- rived from their services. By way of Sydney, we have received the third letter of Joseph Hume, Esq., M. P. (No. 3) .March 24, 1833-r-the contents are'of that description; that it would scarcely be pru- dent of us; were we to' insert that which Mr. Hume has Written-suffice ;it~ thathe asserts; be ,is narrowly watching our interests, and be promises -to bother- Ministers in the- House, the very first opportunity he has, when the affairs of this Colony may be brought before them for discussion. We beg to request Mr. Hume, when next He writes to us, to address his' letters direct to; Van Diemen's Land, and not via Sydneyr-pe'rhaps however,' Mr. Hume , thinks Sydney,- Hobart Town, New, South ? Wales, ; Van, Diemen's Land and Botany. Bay, . all one and the same. ; We beg however to re- mind him, that we are a long way from Botany Bay. it is discovered, that there is a possi- bility of so cutting and contriving,' as to make another good, berth, to be paid for by the Co- lonial fund- Orders have been received from Home, that an inspector of public buildings, is to be appointed-rvvhether Colonel Arthur, or the Home Government, will have the no- mination, is yet uncertain ; hut we suppose it will be too good a thing for, the Home Go vernment to allow any one to interfere with the patronage-the salary it is said, will bs four or five hundred ptr annum, and; most pro- . bably some Captain, either BX., or in full pay, will be appointed" protera," till the wishes of the Secretary: for the Colonies, may be made 'known. We have been informed that Mr. Gil- bert Robertson, the Ex Editor of the Colonist, has received a letter from Joseph Hume MP. acknowledging the receipt of the first Numbers of the Colonist newspaper, and informing Mr. Robertson, that it is his intention to recommend the reduction of all useless offices in Van Die men's Land; and to aid the Colonists to govern and represent themselves.-We shall be able to give a list, before the Eliza sails for England, of the names of those in office which shall be forwarded to Mr. Hume for reduction ; at the same time, we are informed that our particular friend Mister Muster Master Mason, will ap- pear at the head of the list. We observe a very extensive sale of land advertised by the Government. It ap- pears a certain surveyor had marked nearly the whole of it but as reserved for purchase, and that his stock took the liberty of wander- ing over the land intended to be purchased by their master-some; little eclaircisement having taken place, the whole its put up for sale. 'This same surveyor states that he has upwards of 6000 sheep - land houses, sheep, and all, made since he has been one of the troop of slow- goers. The individual had better resign, or the regulars will soon march him right about. On Thursday, a sad accident happened at the New Jetty. As the chain gang men were at supper, one of the blasts at a con- siderable distance rent the stone with such amazing force, as to cause a piece of stone about two pound weight to fall within the en- closure, when, most unfortunately, it fell upon the head of one of the prisoners. The man was immediately taken to the hospital, where he died within a few hours after the accident happened. We are requested to announce, that one of our leading ladies of ton has lately im- ported a large assortment of haberdashery, which she has now on sale at reduced prices. Any ladies wishing to purchase, may first look at the articles - then be permitted to ask the shopkeepers at what price they are selling the same description, of goods when the lady trader guarantees that her prices will be found 14½ per cent under those of any other haber- dasher. Captain England has been appointed Captain to the Mounted Police, with a salary of £300 per annum, and £135 forage money for three horses. Captain England's income, paid by the Colonial chest, is now £800 per annum. Considering it is necessary that some Captain must have these good pickings, we know of no objection why Captain England should not be the lucky Captain - he is, gene- rally speaking, as much liked as any Captain belonging to the Van Diemen's Land regiment. Mr. J. P. Deane, having determined in his great desire of affording innocent recrea- tion to the inhabitants of this Town, by getting up delightful Concerts, and having fixed his "Soirees'' for the evening - we understand that Mrs. Davis, that second Catalani, intends for the future to entertain her company, by hold- ing her "Soirees" in the morning, in order that their interests may harmonize. Mrs. Da- vis, comes from a part of the world, called Sligo. We are requested to state, that some of the Merchants of Hobart Town, are most desirous of offering the Collector of Customs, some token, whereby to express their heartfelt sentiments, for his late support of the mer- cantile interest. It is recommended, the token of thanks should be offered him on the old jetty near the crane. What the token in- tended to be offered, is, we know not! The townsfolk are beginning to cry out about the impurity of the water, in our Town- ditch, which they are still obliged to drink - In Colonel Sorell's time three mile of water pipes were sent out, to form an aquaduct for the town - what has become of the three mile, nobody knows; we have lately seen landing, another large supply of water pipes from one of the convict vessels; will that also disappear Mr. Smails, whom Mr. Bedford asserts he has always treated with kindness, painted the Rev. senior Chaplain's house in March last and although proceedings were instituted, against Mr. Smails in the little go, and a ver- dict given to the shopkeeper who sold Mr Smails the wherewithal to paint the said house, Mr. Bedford did not pay the debt, in- curred till the latter end of August, although he was well aware of the expense and incon- venience Mr. Smails was labouring under. We understand that a young gentleman, well known among the fashionables-of course not Mr. G. M. Stephen- is getting up a lottery, and is going about from house to house, in order to dispose of shares. (The prizes are: a silver tooth-pick, a gilt watch-key, a pap saucepan, and a tooth-brush, nearly new. It is a pity this young gentleman cannot find something in or out of Court to occupy his time! The Town is in a dreadful state, as re gards the inefficiency of the'police- there are not one half sufficient number of night con stables; the consequence is, that nothing but robberies are heard of every morning-we have most unquestionably to thank Dr. Turn bull and the Immigration Committee, for a great portion of this curse-for when the paupers arrived, the robberies commenced. Is it true, that a certain mighty Coun cellor, applied to the Board of Assignment, for an iron Shoemaker, for his sons establishment, and is it true, that the Board discovered, that all he wanted, was a snob for his own sixteen horses. Is it true that the Richmond petition has been forwarded to the Colonial Secretary, enclosed In a private letter fron the petty pub lican who sometime ago engaged to report to the Colonist, Richmond affairs, to be paid at the rate of a penny per line. Quere will the Colo- nial Secretary condecend to return any answer. We have received files of a Journal up to 24th April, published in Agra, by our celebrated Dr. Henderson, whom it will be remembered not very long since visited us. The Doctor has chosen for his Journal, the most unchristian-like name we recollect seeing for some time- the Mofussul Ukhbar. The grand causeway, at Bridgewater, will, we can assert on authority, be finished within 6 months from the present time. The grumblers, who argued that this grand un ertaking would never be completed, have latterly been very silent. Now that the Market-place is being fast completed, we suppose an Act of Council will be passed to prevent hawking in our streets. Unless an Act of this description is passed, it will be useless to attempt the found- ing a market. We were asked the other day, " how many assignments and loans, were equal to a vote in the Legislative Council?"-The num- ber may be pretty correctly guessed, on refer- ring to last week's Gazette. Printing paper, it appears, is Very scarce at Sydney. We observe two papers are past- ing : the Herald and the Monitor. Our supply on hand is very considerable. 