PERSONAL SKETCHES OF HIS OWN TIMES, st stn jovan badminton. A Barrister Besieged. Corran and Barrington were on a visit to a clergyman near Carlow, who had invited a party of jovial spirits to meet them. Dinner was appointed for five pree'Hlj, as Curran always stipulated for punctuality." The clock struck the guests were 'assembled avery thing bespoke a joyous banquet but the Counsellor was not to be found : six, seven same-day departed, and twilight approached ; people were sent in rusty direction, but no tidings of him could be heard, except that he had been seen in the garden at four o'clock. Yet every now and then a messenger came in to Announce that " an old man had been a counsellor, as he verily believed, walking very quick on the road to Carlow." Another reported that "a woman who was driving home her cows met one of the coun- sellors going leisurely towards A thy, and that he seemed very melancholy that she had seen him at Allie sizes that blessed morning, and the people told her it was the great law preacher that was in if" Another woman, who was bringing home some turf from the bog, declared before the Virgin and all the Saints that she saw " a little man in black with a stick in his hand going towards the Barrow ;" and a cullough, sitting at her own cabin door feeding the childer, positively saw' a " black gentleman going down the river, and soon afterwards heard a great splash of water at the said river; whereupon she went hot foot to her son, Ned Coyle, to send him thither to see if the gentleman was in the water ; but that Ned said, sure courT nothing natural would be after going at that time of the deep dusk to the place where poor Armstrong's corpse lay the night he was murdered and he'd see all the gentlemen in the county to the devil (God bless them !) before he'd go to the said place till morning early." The matter became too serious to admit of any doubt as to poor Curran having met his catastrophe. I was greatly shocked ; our only conjectures now being, not uh<".h*r, but how, he had lost his life. As Curran was known everyday to strip naked and wash himself all over with a sponge and cold water, J conjectural, as most rational, that he had, in lieu of his usual ablution, gone to the Barrow to bathe before dinner, and thus unfortunately perished. All agreed in my hypothesis, and hooks and a draw-net were sent for immediately to Carlow, to scour the river for his body-. * . It was at length suggested by our reverend host that his great Newfoundland dog, who was equally sagacious, if not more so, with many of the parishioners, and rivalled, in canine proportion, the magnitude of his master, was not unlikely, by diving in the Barrow, to discover where the body lay deposited- and thus direct the efforts of the nets and backers from Carlow. This idea met with universal approbation and every body took; up his hat to go down to the river. Mary, a young damsel the only domestic who remained in the house, was ordered to call Diver, the dog but Diver was absent, and did not obey the summons. Every where resounded, " Diver ! Diver !" but in vain. Mary, the maid, was not desired to search all the rooms and offices for Diver, while we sat pensive and starving in the parlour. We were speedily alarmed by a loud shriek, immediately after which Mary rushed tottering into the room, just able to articulate : " O, holy Virgin ( holy Virgin ! yes, gentlemen the counsellor is dead, sure enough. And I'll die too, gentlemen; I'll never recover it! and she crossed' herself t wen tv times over in the way the priest had taught her." Well now Docked round, and asked her simultaneously bow she knew the counsellor was dead 1 Crossing herself again, " I saw bird ghost, please your reverence !" " Where ? where 1" cried every body, as if with one breath. " In the double-bedded room next your re- verence's," stammered the terrified girl. We waited for no more to satisfy us either that she was mad, or the robbers were in the house : each person seized something by way of a weapon : one took a poker, another a candlestick, a third a knife or fire-shovel, and up stairs we rushed. Only one could go in, conveniently, abreast; and I was among the first who entered. the candles had been for- gotten ; but the moon was rising, and we certainly saw what, in the opinion of some present, corroborated the statement of Mary. Two or three instantly drew back in horror, and attempted to retreat, but others pressed behind and lights being at length produced, ''an exhibition far more ludicrous than ter- rine presented itself. In a far corner of the room stood, erect and formal, and stark naked (as a ghost should be John Philpot Curran, one of his Majesty's counsel, learned in law trembling as if in the ague, and scarce able to utter a syllable, through the combination of cold and terror. Three or four parties in his front lay Diver, from Newfoundland', stretching out his immense shaggy carcase; his long paws extended at their full length, and his great head lying on them with his nose pointed toward the ghost, as true as the needle to the pole. His hind legs. were gathered up like those of a wild beast ready to spring upon his prey. He took an angry jQctioe«f the first of us that came near him, growled, and seemed disposed to resent our intrusion; but the moment his matter, appeared, his 'temper changed, be jumped up, wagged his tail, licked the parson's band, cast a scowling look at Curran, and then a wistful one st his master's much as to say, " I bars done my duty, now do you yours i" he looked, indeed, as if M only waited for the word of command, to seize the counsellor by the throttle. A blacker was now considerately thrown over Curran by one of the company, and was put to bed with hair a dozen more blankets heaped upon his tumbler of a sectarian punch was administered, add a second works miracles: the natural beat began to circulate. said he was in . MM »*.. enabled to rise, and tell as sfoiy/frbicb no hermit even telling his last beads sould' said leaf bias of Related by my cue,' h would have been as a bit Mlold byÇsrisiSjWitfc biajsajr*f§ rfjftsarfptiwf and" oTiMioUrístio humour, was 'i«per*szo«11«nt ;-, I and we had to thank Diver, the water-dog,' for the highest east of the whole evening ! The fact was, that a little while previous to dinner time, Curran,' who had omitted his customary ab-; lution in the morning went to our allotted bed-! chamber to perform that' ceremony,' and having, stripped, had just begun to apply the sponge, when Dr Van, strolling about his master's premises to see if all was right, placed by chance his paw against the door, which not being fastened, it flew open, he entered unceremoniously, and observing what be conceived to be an extraordinary and suspicious, figure, concluded it was somebody with no very honest intention, and stopped to reconnoitre. Curran's unaccustomed to so strange armies, retreated, while Diver advanced, and very Bignificwr'ly showed an intention to seize him by the naked-throat ; which operation, if performed by Diver, whose tusks were a full inch in length, would no doubt have admitted an inconvenient quantity of atmospheric air into his oesophagus. He therefore crept as close into the corner as he could, and had the equivocal en tisfaction of seeing his adversary advance and (turn the meditated assault into a" complete blockade stretching himself out, and maintaining his position' with scarcely the slightest motion, for the counsellor was rescued, and the siege raised. " Curran had been in hopes that when Diver had had satisfied his curiosity he would have retired and with this impression, spoke kindly to him, but was answered only by a growl. If Curran repeated his blandishments, Ever showed his white long asks if be moved his foot, the dog's blacklegs were in motion. Once or twice Curran raised his hand : but Diver, considering that a" sort of challenge, rose instantly, and with a low growl looked significantly at Cufrah'a windpipe. Curran therefore, stood like a model, if not much like a marble divinity" Athenaeum. ENGLISH POLICE. Queen-square. Penny Theatres. A youth, named Thomas Pearse Cook, was brought before Mr. Gregorie, charged with disorderly con- duct and creating a great disturbance in the Broad- way, Westminster, to the great annoyance of the whole neighbourhood. For some months past a number of theatrical exhibitions have started in different parts of the town, to which the charge of admission is one penny. The performance of play and farce generally lasts from 30 minutes to half an hour, and the company perform from four to six times in the course of the evening. One of these theatres has lately been opened in White Horse yard, an out of the way place near the Broadway, which has met with great success, being crammed every night the company performs. A soldier, named Harcourt, belonging to the Coldstream Guards, a theatrical as well as a military genius, determined to start an opposition Penny Theatre, and accordingly took an empty place at No. 7, in the Broadway, for which he agreed to pay four shillings per night, which was only a few yards distant from the old Penny Theatre, which be opened with a company of girls and boys. The nuisance to the inhabitants has been intolerable on each side of the place there is a butcher's shop, and the crowds of thieves going in and out have been so great, that it was quite impossible for the tradesmen to do their business; as respectable tradesmen Could not get near the shops. On Thursday last a deputation of the inhabitants waited upon Mr. Gregory to represent the circumstances to him, and to ask his advice how to put down tbeuuisnnce for it was not only the gang of thieves that surrounded the place, but there was one continued din of two trumpets and a great drum, which made such a noise that they could not rest in their beds. Mr. Giegorie advised them to apply immediately to the police, which was accordingly done. The prisoner was taken into custody by Phillips, one of the constables, and on being placed at the bar, he presented a most extraordinary appearance, being partly dressed in some rusty armour, and part of a soldier's jacket travelled over. Phillips said, that about nine o'clock on the previous evening, there were about 300 persons assembled at the doors of a" Harcourt's Subscription Theatre," most of them thieves, young girls, and sweeps, and the prisoner was standing outside in the strange dress be was in at present, blowing a trumpet, shouting, and calling in persons to witness the performance, at one penny each, as they were just going to begin. With some difficulty he got hold of him, upon which a row began. The theatre, as it was called, was nearly filled with such character as he had described, and the audience and actors scampered off as fast as they could Many of them demanded back their money, but that was quite useless, as the treasurer was the first to run, and he escaped with the receipts of the house. Mr. Gregory asked the prisoner what he had to say in his defence. The prisoner said he was out of employment, and he accidentally met with Mr. Harcourt, who asked him if he could "not inn play."- He replied that he thought he could, as well as here and there one, but it must be in tragedy, for be thought that was his line. Mr. Harcourt engaged him. He did not think there was any harm in it. Mr. Gregorie-said; that he could not allow him to disturb the neighbourhood and collect such a mob of persons in the street ; he should,' therefore, require' him to send for his friends, and find bail for his good behaviour. Phillips said that the drum and trumpets were taken to the station-house. The prisoner was then removed. A letter was picked up in the theatre by one of the constables after the clearance, of which the following is a copy :-' " ' ' ' "To the Governor of Mr Harcourt's Theatre. " This comes hoping u as well to inform u ise got a nostrum as I can he as well as most pape!, and I shall like to have at by more theatre if u pieces. has been teeming Hamlet for the last nine months, an I think in 3 or 4 more weeks as I shall be quite perfect, and I will call on a Su a for days an refers to a the part of Hamlet, an thinks a wil engage me in a minute, so no more at this time from your humble sur vant, to command,' ' " ARGUST MORTIMORE. " Postscript to this letter-This his not my rule name has 1 ausent want my friends to no can Fact I til after I days back, was seen Mr. keen back an thinks as I can do it has been an i has a better voice and can speak more tender." . " ' 