THE THEATRE. 1 The drama's laws the drama's patrons give." Lewis's play of The Castle Spectre was produced, for the first time at the thea tre on Saturday evening last. This is one of those sickly, sentimental, super- natural productions, the existence of which serves to mark the decline of the legitimate English drama. We have a ruthless tyrant, a distressed damsel (of course), and a most chivalrous lover of the damsel aforesaid; we have a long bearded old gentleman who has been confined for fifteen years in the cellar of the house, (we heg pardon the Castle) of which his daughter is an inmate, without her having the slightest suspicion of the same; and, above all, we have - a ghost! a proper ghost, in a white sheet, as all ghosts ought to be, who amuses herself o' nights, by singing "lullaby" to frigh- ten a drunken, cowardly old friar, and a chattering old woman. Such, with a proper seasoning of black-visaged gen tlemen, are the ingredients of The Cas- tle Spectre. We must say, that Mr. LEVEY seems to have spared no expence in getting this piece up, and it is a pity that his exerti- ons were not seconded by those of his performers, none of whom were perfect in their parts. Osmond, (Mr. Cooper) displayed far too much of that strained and unnatural vehemence of speech and action, almost necessarily resorted to by actors in the overgrown theatres at home, in order to fill the area of those build- ings, but is quite out of place in this little theatre. Such violence is destructive, at once, of the harmony and repose of na- ture, and diminishes, in one propor- tion, the agreeable effect which is pro- duced under opposite circumstances. "Pray you," Mr. Cooper, " avoid it," as you hope to succeed in the higher walk of the drama. Mr. Mackie per- formed Percy. There is a sameness in this gentleman's acting. Mr. Palmer (we believe) performed Hassan, and was the life and soul of all that is tragically ridiculous. Mr. Meredith's Father Phillip was amusing ; and Mr. Bucking- ham's Reginald respectable. Of the ladies we have little to say : we "will not blame and cannot praise" Mrs. Love's Angela; but she certainly wore a very handsome dress. Mrs. Weston would have been more like Alice if she could be prevailed upon to appear a little older, but that, we suppose, she will not do as long as she can help it. Mrs. Ward looked awful in the ghost. However, the au- dience seemed well pleased, and we have no doubt that The Castle Spectre will continue to draw full houses — at least we hope so. The farce of Fortune's Frolic, in which Mr. Meredith did not play the part of Robin as well as usual, concluded the evening's entertainments. We understand that another robbery was ctmmitted near the toll-gale, on Saturday night, under rather aggravated circumstances. A decentlv dressed mechanic, whose business had called bim a little wuy out of town, was returning to Sydney, and when within o short distance of the toil-gate, was accosted by a female appaientlv in great mental agony, who requested bira toaccompany bor a little way in the bush where her husbnnd lay, having been robbed and maltreated by bushrangers. He, good-natured young mun, readily complied, happy, no doubt, to have it in his power to render assistance to a fellow creature. He, however, no sooner reached the spot which the apparent female had pointed our, than he was pounced upon by three ruffians, one of whom was the pretended female aforesaid, and robbed of his apparel, watch, &c; - the cash about his person at the time, amounting to nearly ¿T, with which the vill.iins made off. Notwithstanding the numerous com- plaints that have ht-en made regarding persons stopping up the publio tboroughfaies with materiel for building, Sec. that practice is still persisted in, to the great injury of the public generally. A cart wus overturned by coming in contact with a heap of bricks, which, for some weeks-past, has lain in a cer- tain btreet in Sydney, for the purpose of erecting a house ; 'when," the horse received so much injury as to render him useless hereafter. 