MISCELLANEA. Court Patronage.— It is to be regretted that so many foreign artists are employed in the highest quarters, while native talent is ' withering in the shade.' The King is at this moment having portraits painted of all our troops by a Frenchman, who will receive 800 guineas for about 8O.small pictures ! Why does our English Court prefer the employment of foreigners, while our poor English artiitt are left to starve? rvi the Kino's arrival at Br%hton, it Is Baid that between the two manias of cant and presumption, the parochial clergy of Brighton went so far as to order that on Thursday the shops of the town should be cloied, the churches being by the same higb ordinance opened, witb a view to tbe formal celebration of a thanksgiving for the exemption of Brighton (by name) from the cholera ! The King, as became him, felt and acted like a man of sense, and as a hater of hypocrisy, and officious cant, or ostentatious folly would do. His Majesty loudly declared his displeasure at the usurpation of power by these groundlings of the church. He forbade the projected ser vice in his own chapel, and ordered that nei ther the Royal Household nor the troops on guard should attend it elsewhere. The activity observable in the French dock-yards far surpasses even that in our own. The number of ships of war which will be on the stocks by the end of the present year will amount to 70, Among these may be enume rated twenty-one ships of tbe line, twenty seven frigates, five corvettes, and five steam vessels. Hotaltt Excelling. -George IV. was the incarnation of true vulgarity ; a mixture of the butler and the bully i but be was incom parable in a procession— he beat the Beef eaters hollow. [So says Mr. Bulwer.] 'Cmcle des Strangers.'— We under stand the above Club has been eminently suc cessful since its formation, that there are alrea dy many members enrolled on its books con si6ting of many of the haul-Jon of England and the whole of tbe ' diplomatique corps.1' Wednesday a dinner was given by Le Prince Cinchetella to Le Comte de Aceto and mends, when they pronounced the Cuiiinitr to be ex cellent and equal to Monsieur Ude, when be reigned the undisputed ' JDieu de la Cuitine,' Incentives to Patriotism.— It is said that the house of Messrs. Baring, Brothers and Co., who were mainly instrumental in concocting the City Philo-Dutcb Meeting of Tuesday, hare large consignments of coffee in the ports of Holland 1 A Word on ' Gossip.'— It is surprising how much the practice of gosaippiog has in creased wilhin the last fifteen years. To ex cel as a practical gossip, requires, however, a rare combination of talents and excellence. Universal knowledge of places, men, and things— fluent phraseology,— clear enunciation —vivacity tempered by tact — and shrewd ness softened by good temper. A pro//* got sipper, like Sir Charles, is a bore ; a tautolo gical gossipper, like the Lord of L ? , is a bore ; a dictatorial gossipper, like the Duke of S ? , is a bore;— a commtntatorial gossip- per, like Mr.*——* ? » is a bore ;— a myi ferioui goasipper, like lady S— , is a bore ; —an indecent gossipper, like Lady A ? , is infinitelr worse than a bore :— a maliciom got sipper, like Lady G ? , is evidently worse than Lady A ? ? The tilly gossipper of the Court Journal is a bore. But there are, at this very moment, about town, several anec dotic gossippersof the first excellence.— Bell's Messenger. A Dialogue ? Master—*1 You d— d rascal I Why don't you answer the belli I have rung it seven times )'— Servant— ' Lord ! Sir; I only heard it ring four I' The Mother of Napoleon.— ' It is, no doubt, by means of tbe Newspapers that yon learnt that all my family had assembled around me. The news is as true as that of the mil lions of money with which the editors endow me, and which they make me dispose of in so straDge a mode. I am as isolated as you were at home. The Cardinal only comes to see me whenever his health will allow him. All my children Bra removed from the town in which Hive; and as to the immense fortune which is so generally attributed to me, sensible peo ple might believe that, if I were the mother of a banker or a gambler on 'change ; they will never believe it when it relates to the mother of Napoleon. It was to embellish and enrich France, that the Emperor employed the millions which he acquired by victory, and not to gorge his family. My health is still very delicate, and I continue to keep my chamber. —Your affectionate ' Rome, Oct. 4.' ' Lrtitia.' Expense of the Russian Navy.— The expense of supporting the Russian navy, scarcely ever exceeds 45 millions of rubles. The pay of the officers is so extremely low that the Government make them a handsome allowance in the shape of table-money. The pay of tbe stilor is about half-a- crown a month and their rations are on ? most economical scale : when afloat, they receive doily a pound and a half of biscuit end a glass of brandy. They receive further once a month, 14 pounds of salt beef, five pounds butter, three pounds of peas, twelve pounds of oatmeal, end one pound and half of salt, and their ordinary be verage is a fermented liquor called quass. Robbing the Parson.— Sunday se'nnlght [Nov. 4) a wedding took place at Iffley, near Oxford. After the ceremony, on the fees being demanded, tbe husband refuiedpayment, and told the clergyman that he bad no mouey For him, and be might unroarry them if he thought proper. A similar circumstance oc curred a few months since at a church in Ox ford, with the addition that the man ordered breakfast at a public-house, and, under pre tence 01 COlUg out to gel i*hu6«:, a«m»p. 4, leaving the clergyman, clerk, and landlord unpaid. Gonpowoer Plot.— The city legislators, who glory in their liberality, and expunge from the monument an inscription which was of value as recording opinion while it falsified fact, do themselves, for the sake of opinion, falsify the same fact, by causing their youth ful historians to parade, not a Spanish Catholic incendiary, but an English Protestant bishop, as the Guide Faux of the pseudo plot. A plot formed, we are told, to blow up that Parlia ment of which the Protestant bishops were the member;, most aimed at by the mine springers. This, as a proof of the Intellect of the age 1 How much wiser would it be to let the absurd and invidious custom fall to the ground, as many wise and worthy customs have been lately made to fall, than to pervert it into a political sgent for the moment, mys tifying the young mind, and acerbating tbe old one ? Atlas. Tubkisii Bnvot.— We have been informed that a distinguished individual .connected with the Ottoman Porte, named Jean de Manrojeni, has arrived in this country, charged with a special mission, to solicit the mediation of the British Government, tnjconjunctiou with that of other European powers, in the war betwten the Sultan and the Pacha of Egypt. Sib Waiter Scott's CRBDiTom/There was a meeting held last week at E-*burgh, when the whole of the demands on J* Walter Scott were cleared off; £22,000 cjhe by in surance on the poet's life, and jtxt family brought forward £30,000: £HO0Q were accounted for as in the hands of lie trustees. A whole of £63,000 was thus mjae, and the creditors assembled gave a discttrge in full, on payment of the allotted dfidends. At the same time, passing a resolnpn to the fol lowing effect :— ' And, while tk meeting state their anxious wish that everycreditor who iB not present may adopt the feme resolution, they think it a tribute justly |ne to tbe me mory of Sir Walter Scott, to express in tbe strongest manner their deep seise of his most honorable conduct, and of tfe unparalleled benefits which they have deri^d from the ex traordinnry exertion of bis ufivalled talents under misfortunes and dtfficulfei which would have paralysed the exerlfonsbf any one else, but in him onlyTfarther prover the greatness of mind which enabled him to rise superior to them.' — Atlas, Not 11. Contemporary Historv— We are apt to look with great reverence fa the authority of men who ' wrote at tbe tine' 'id which the events they describe occurret— for instance :— The John Bull says Sir Walfcr Scott married a lady, a Miss Charpentier, diughter of a Swiss emigrant ; ' Miss Charpentiir, daughter of a gentleman of Jersey,' says Allan Cunningham; Miss Carpenter, daughter bF a merchant of Lyons, according to Clumbers ; and Miss Charpentier, a Frenob emigre, if we believe the Atlas. So mucfe for the accuracy of eon temporary writers. American Doe Law.— The operation of the Dog Law is now at an end for the present see. son. Between the 1st of April and the 1 5th of April, ope thousand eight hundred and fourteen do/s were taken, killed, and buried. At least nhe-teuths of these must have been worthless iurs, most of them masterless, and the rest, witb few exceptions, troublesome to their owners aod vexatious to every body else. — Pun.AjCLPHiA Paper. SuicincAL Club. — Six months ago there existed in Prussia a club of suicides, every member of which had taken an oath to destroy himself within a given period. Twelve per sons hare been mad enough to join this most singular association, which, though tbe statutes enjoin them to endeavour to make proselytes to supply tbe place of those who took them selves Sato another world, has become extinct ; the latt member, faithful to his oath, having blown out bis brains. Nev Readings of Old Authors— Suaks- feare. No. 1. Romeo and Juliet.— 'Thou teatl (he prettiest babe that e'er I nursed,' is addressed to an elephant of a fellow by a crocidlle of an old woman. 'Be aiill, still, be still, my fluttering heart,' is the so liloquy of a cockney at half cock, taking aim at a sparrow. ' Wisely and slow— they stum ble tDBt run fast,' is exemplified Id a sack race. ' But my true love is grown to such excess,' is remarked of a mountainous wife by her manuakia of a huibaud. 'What devil art thou that doit torment me thus ?' is asked by a sleepless watcher of the night, who is eagerly searching for tbe iusect rendered fa mous by the Lord Chancellor in an apostrophe which showed his intimate acquaintance with Us back-biting, blood- sucking abilities. « Give this ring to my true knight, and bid him come to take his last—' is said by Mrs. Knight, the cobler's wife, to an imp of a boy whose n»«» the trringt with one band, and holds up Knight'* latt with the other. ' This is as ft should be,' is tbe exclamation of a delighted alderman contemplating his third remove. « The mangled Tybalt' is taken literally, and the flattened figure of the captious Capulet is drawn from the manglt by a startled cnlleo dreis and a honor-stricken charity-school boy. A fat cook has with his tongs seized the soli tary kitten of a maternal mouier, and casting it into tbe shovel of the kitchen wench, ex claims contemptuously, 'Put this in any 'quid thing thou wilt.' ' I know that voice/'— says a sleeping linker to his braying donkey— 'Its magic sweetness wakes my tranced soul,' and be is taking off his night-cap. These are the subjects. Tbe lithographic drawings, by Madeley, are welt executed on colored paper. These New Readings are nearly as rational as many others that we hear nightly on the stage, and about as amusing.— Atlas. GOSSIP OF TBE THEATRES. Blue Beard has been revived at Drury Lane ; but not in a very effective maoner. There is no elephant t Wby did not Capt. Polhill give the gods an elephant t The blue beard is erey, and the Hue chamber a most undenia ble error, there being no blue one in tbe es tablishment. Harley (who, by the by, nses a Spaninh guitar in the character of a Turk,) had the vulgarity (not a customary fault with him) to exclaim, in reference to the length of Vm Cawse's hair 'what a long loll our eat. h-e°l ?' a piece of slang worthy to pair wK'* Hom: by's « What b shocking bid ?''''*' reported in a former number. _ . „ . , KEAN.-Whe-«*« Sean's limbs are weak est, and hie -oemory most deficient, his « im proved «tate' is loudly proclaimed by the ms mrity of the critics. The fact is he can neither kneel nor rise without asiistance, in most cases detractive to tbe illusion of tbe scene, in Uicbard he calls opt In tbe b»ttle-»cene, 'Upon them! charge!' and slowly baits off, using his sword as a erutch or walking-stick. The Laughing. Ghost.— tn the stupid opera of the Doom Kiss, at Drnry Lane, a female ghost desoends from a picture, to bBUg a ro sary round a sleeping lady's neck. One night last week, Mrs. Penley was not recumbiug Sufficiently close to tbe point on which the spectre alights, and tbe unearthly visitant was therefore obliged to stoop forward and endea vour to jerk tbe talisman round tier neck. She Wat, however, only close enough to deal her proteg6e a violent blow on the chin with tbe barm-warding charm. Nothing dispirited at the badness of her aim, she took a second ; but alas t only reached bo much farther as to bestow a similar favor on her protegee's note. The spectre was so amused at tbe joke that, haviug simply jerked the rosary on tbe lady's face, it joined heartily in the laughter of tbe audience, and shook its sides as it ascended in a manner that made the audience tremble for itsgbostship's safety. At the close of thft Drury Lane season Power proceeds to America*— Bell's New Mfcs SENDER, NOV. 18. ? ? ^^^^ LArJN0B8T0N:-P»tior«o *» ??*'«?? 'L5S5SS DOWIIKO. tfe ProjuhWt. or »nfl»t t»M-rtttrm Owwtn. Qtttg* 8*t«t [?] 