NEW SOUTH WALES. Fkem Tat Srmnr Momma. I Post. — We have received communications | regarding the country Post, and the disBatis I faction of the country Post-musters, as to their [ timing pay. We beg to assure the latter, I that when we sun no provision made in the | estimates for their better payment, we were i both chagrined and surprised. We remain to [ the tame opinion. We continue to disapprove I to the strongest manner of starving the country [ Post-masters, ard rendering it inoperative, es. I peclslly when we cee sums appropriated to -pensions, zoology, astronomy, s botany, ; which are the mere ornaments of a country, and Quite soperflous, or rather extravagant In ? nwr otic. Bnt what «o we do ? We believe the present Government to be a good Govern ment, and therefore support it in general, notwithstanding this and other drawbacks on our satisfaction. It wonld be waste of time to dwell on (he advantages of a Post f It would be like proving an axiom. The most ignorant, as well as the most enlightened, ail believe in the paramount importance of a Post ; We know of none, save the Government, who holds it in cheap estimation. It would be easy to shew tlie vast inconveniences of with drawing a Post, where the current has once set in. Yet we expect such will be the re sult ; and the effect of (hat again will be, (he annoyance of every man of buisness end pro perty in such Cost-abandoned districts ? Sep- tember 25.— [Quoted,* at' not inappiicabeUn F. D. Land.] The Weatheu.— The wheat fields are giving up the ghost every day. Every twenty- four hours the present drought destroys an indefin ite number of acres of wheat. Even the barley begins to b* in danger. We recommended the Settlers to plant a double quantity of maize this year. Our merchants ought to have sent a month ago for two or three cargoes of wheat and rice. The wheats at Bong Bong in Argyle still hold out ; but that beyond seems irrecover able. The vast downs (very high hills, some rocky but without a tree) of JWaneara, beyond Limestone Plaint, in Argyle, ere a desart,— not a blade of grass on them.' The cattle and sheep are in the scrubs and look well, generally rat. Where they get theirjat from appears to the traveller surprising, as the country through which the high road passes, seems destitute both of grass and water. We advise all corn on the banks of rivers and ponds, to be regularly watered with the watering pot, till rain come.— Octo- ber 16. Both the Judges in the Supreme Court, sla ted from the Beneh on Saturday last, in the course of some arguments respecting fees, that they would be extremely glad if (here were no fees of Court at all recognised in this colony but by act of Couucil, they were bound to see the same fees paid herejas in the Conrts in England.— Ibid. The accounts received of the ttate of the crops in the Agricultural districts, we regret to say, continue to be more and more alarm ing. For want of rain, the wheat and raaiff Bidds are absolutely burnt up ; and one settler in the neighbonrlinod of the Nepean, was observed by a gentleman, a few days ago mowing several acres of wheat, for the purpose of sending it to market as hay, which he con sidered much more likely to yield a profit than the quantity of grain he looked forward to reap. If the districts of the Hunter present an equally unfavourable appearance to those of the Nepean and Hawkesbury, the colonists may jook forward to a season of very great scarcity, unless cargoes of wheat and maize should pour in from the Southward. Our merchants, we hope, have looked to this: they have already had timely notice. Cattle and sheep we are glad to learn, continue to keep up well. Seeep certainly do subsist on very meagre fare, and make (he most of what little vegetation they may find ; buc we own it does surprise us how cattle can preserve their condition \a such a 'droughts* has now bo long prevailed. Bnt ( we are fis sured that it in so. The vine, also, which, when there is no blight, thrives best in a hot end^ arid climate, is in a most flourishing btaie at present. Sir John Jamison's vineyard at Itegeiitville, we are iuformed, it is well worth a journey thither from Sydney to be hold.— October 19. Ocm neighbours at the Southward are still making loud ocmplaints respecting the under stood intention of the Government there to impose a rate of postage on newspapers, which have hitherto been transmitted free. We are of opinien that in young- colonies like these, the peoyle have a right to complain of any such lax. If it b» of importance, in great countries like England and America, that pub lic intelligence should be widely circulated, why should it not be of importance here ? Why should there exist or be imposed here, that which is, in fact, a tax upon knowledge, at the very lime when the people of England are loud in their denunciations of any suxh taxes there f We should have thought it the part of a liberal and wise Government in either of these Colonies to provide in the most ex. tensive manner for the dfftition of intelligence among the people, insted of clogging the means whereby it is diffused by the imposition of a tax. The money paid yearly for postage bv the nronrietor of neweoaDerB in this colony amounts to a very large sum, and is a very serious deduction from their profits. Thus a heavy tax is exacted from a few individuals— the Post Master must be paid his monthly or quarterly bill, and the nnwspaper proprietor may late his chance whether a great propor tion jiif the individuals, for whose accomdoation he (hus doles out the '? pennies' will ever ' come np to the mark.' The Post Master makes no allowance for subscribers who never pay, or for the length of time which some of those who eventual! do, take in ' considering about it.' We hope, therefore, that the Go vernment in Van Diemen's Land will' impose no such t»x, and that the Government here will place the proprietors of newspapers^ in this colony on a similar advantageous, footing by taking off the- postage now charged for their transmission.— Ibid. We have hitherto inadvertably omitted to notice, that the 'Petition' adopted at the last public meeting, was presented to the Governor on the day of the Paramatta Fair, by Sir John Jamison Bnd Mr. Wentworth. His Excellency received those gentlemen in a most courteous manner, and expressed. bis in tention to lay the petition before the Council at its next sitting.— October 15. Tub new moon has set in sultry and hot, and the dews, which had saved some of the wheat-fields on this side the Mountains, have disappeared with the old moon. There is now every prospect of a total failure of our wheat crop, and of consequent distress arising from want of bread. We again exhort thp Settlers to plant abundance of maize; Never mind its being eaten by the grub before the rain fall. If it be, plant again. The planting season extends to Christmas. Do all thlngB happen by chance t Is there a God ? If there be, does he trouble h|mself With the affairs of men? If he do not, why do we give j620,000 ft year to our Clergy and School Corporations to preach the contrary. If he do, why do they not deprecate the Divine judgment!, now so heavy on the| Colony! Either »vay our Clergy are to blame in the first instance, for accepting1 . money to preach- what (hey do not themselves believe ; second, for not acting up to their belief, with a doe regard to the national faith and public decency. Their prayers are nowi,too late'as to the present crop.— October 19. The weather Is daily finishing) the work of destruction. Nothing but arid windsfrithout rain. We have however been happy to |parn, that while the late-sown wheats all over the county are gone, the early. sown wheats are likely to produce on the average two thirds of a crop. We havejno means 'of ascertaining what proportion the early. wheats (now mere faded stalks) bear to the whole of the wheat sown last winter); butj it must be'very large. We are therefore of ^opinion, that all the wheat which the sister Colony^may be able to spare us next autumn, will not be sufficient to keep down the price 'of wbeatj below ten shillings a bushel. The wheats of Argyle, and the upper parts of Hunter's Rive^beyond Maitland), may de calcnlated to be totally^ unproductive, 'unless rain fall immediately. The wheats uu this side the mountains, and on this side Maitlnnd will produce, it is now generallygaicertained two thirds of a crop evtn if rain do not fall ? October 23. Australian Steam communication. — Notice to passengers for Hobart Town ,and Sydney ? a Steam Vessel of unusual power, and specially constructed for trading to the remotest parts, will shortly be fitted out at an. outport, and be dispatched from the Eng lish Channel, direct for Hobart Town and Sydney, wilh passeuijers only. The accomo elation, w|||]be found of a decidedly superior order, and a limited number only will be taken. Skilful engineers are engaged for the voyage, and parties*wishing to proceed,^will require to make early application to the a pen ts ?'?London, William liobertson,^38, Crutched friars, and John Mason, 5, Lime-street-square, from whom terms of passage may be known. — Ibid. It is reported, that Government has at last determined on buildingfa number of soli tary cells in every township in the colony. we are afraid the news Is too good to be true. Our Council wouldjjmuch rather Ispend the public money ?' pensions and jobs of other *°rts, than in improving Gaols, Courts, and '-e means of justice generally.— Ibid. Tut. Judges visited the prison on Wednesday, fhia periodical visitation is very|becominfc ; it '« worthyfof British Judges. We cannot ap. piaud the custom loo highly. We are hippy to state, (heir visitation has been regular tor a series of years. We would rrcoromend, at a great improvement, that the gaoler be ordered to give notice in form to all the prisoners the day before the visitation, that such visit will take place, assembling (hem in the different yards for that purpo8e,-.iBtD: His Excellency the Governor has intimated to Mr Levey, his intention or attending the Theatre to morrow evening. A trowed house is expected in consequence.— Ibid. rron-}Tm Stdwt -H«tt». It is confidently reportedgtbat Hit Excel lency the Governor proceeds to the new coun try in the early part of this month on a tour, accompamedjby his staff.— October 1. Ma. Petit, of the Pultney Hotel, is making very extensive preparations for the Aericultural (Society's dinner, which is to take place on Thursday next. The members of the Society are to be honoured with the company to dinner of His Excellency the Go vernor and bi» Staff Officers. This is the first occasion of the members of the Agricultural Society, since its formation, dining in Sydney ; and s numerous attendance is expected. —Ibid. Dk. Lhotsky's intended lecture on the political stale of the colony, which was to have been delivered in the Saloon of the Royal Hotel on the evening of Saturday last, was postponed to a future occasion, in consequence of the few persons who were present at the hour appointed. — Ibid. In addition to Mr. Wilson, a Mr. S. F. Mann has commenced a starch manufactory. Such speculations will, unquestionably, drive the imported article out of the market—IBID. Price Sheep.— We are requested by Mr. William Ri'ey to state, that the two large silver medals for the best Saxon ram* and ewes, were awarded him by the Agricultural Society, on Thursday last, merely as the re presentative of his father, Alexander Riley, Esq.— October 8. What does the proprietor of the Sydney theatre mean by that which he designates -h his advertisement, the'a(' dresscircle' of boxes. Prom whatwe have heard, there were gei.tle men there in all sorts of areas, except full dmss. Then why keep up such humbug T It is almost as bad as ' Theatre Royal,' and ' His Majesty's Servants' I ! A Botcher, in the Market-place, of the name of Thompson, has, during the last week killed some 'cry large bullocks, averaging from 1000 to H00 pounds each. The meat exhibited by him for sale was certainly «ir prisfngly nne, and men as is seldom to be seen in this colony._iBiD. . Tub want of rain, ~we|are sorry to learn, is very saverely felt in the agricultural districts of the colony ; and apprehensions are enter tained that, to the wheat cropB, the result will prove most disastrous.— October 10. A Notice in yesterday's Government Gacette confirms what we stated some time since— namely, that after the expiration of the year 1 835,' the mercantile resources of the colony will be relied on for supplying the public de partments with those articles which have hitherto been obtained direct from England. - Ibid. Tut! Sydney constabulary mounted, yester day, for the first time, their new uniform. About 1 o'clock six of them marched up George-street in military order, headed by one bearing, under his right arm, a musket. They wore blue jackets, and round their middle a belt, to which was appended a sword or cut lass. Their appearance seemed to attract considerable attention from all parties passing. This arrangement, we learn, has been carried into effect on the same principle as the police in London.— October 15. 