Sydney intelligence! We have received by the Blackbird, our files of Sydney papers ; from which, we make the following extracts: — " We have seen with much pleasure a new map of the Colony, published by Arrowsmith,, containing all the discoveries of Oxley, Cun- nigham, Sturt, Hume and Hovell, Major Mit- chell &c.;, copied, by permission of Lord Goderich, from the latest manuscript surveys in the Colonial Office. The map is dedicated to His Lordship by Mr. Arrowsmith, and it embraces the outline of the counties and probable courses of the unknown rivers, whose waters have been discovered at certain points by those who have conducted exploring parties in the interior. The whole is got up in a style of excellence, much superior to that we have been accustomed to witness in the general maps of the Colony. We were particularly struck with the course and bearings of the Murrumbidgee,- which flows in a direction nearly across the country, and pours its Waters, drained from the interior, into Lake Alexandrina, which is fifty miles long and forty miles broad, while a small channel bursting through sand-hills, carries off its stream into the sea near Spencer's Gulf. This discovery of Captain Sturt, is unquestionably .the most important that has ever been made in New South Wales; and we have only to look to the map to be convinced, that if an opening is found to the sea sufficiently large to admit vessels of some size, the batiks of tbisstream will become the most populous, HS well as the most commercial portion of this country. From the various exploring journies laid down on this map to the north of Port Macquarie, it does not appear that any large rivers exist in that quarter, nor to the west of Liverpool Plains; though it cannot be questioned that the surplus waters of these regions must find sotae outlet to the sea, either on the east or w£st coast of the Island." [We should like to see a similar map of this' Colony : it would be a valuable addition to our Tasmanian stock of Literature and" the Fins' Arts.— Ed. Tas.] The trial of Brown v. Dixon came on at the Civil Side of the Supreme Court,' on Thursday, the 2d of July last—when a verdict was given for the plaintiff for j£333 15s. -8d. Our readers will Recollect, that this case turned upon the validity of a receipt, said, by the defendant, to have been given by him for £300 by the plaintiff, who is the Manager of the Australian Company.. The following example of Colonial gentility occurred during the trial:— Mr. R. Cooper examined by Mr. Norton.—I had considerable dealing with the Company in Scott's time ; I had to settle some dealings with- Inglis; the books did not shew my credit; there was a transaction with Mr. Warren and what Mr. Scott had ; I came into this Court, and Mr. Inglis agreed to take J&400 instead of 'j£l,100, and cry quits. Cross-examined.—I,am as good an| accountant as you; 1 make mistakes sometimes;. no man is infallible ; there was no mistakes With Mr. T. Walker ; I swear that he , swore false that day, and you and hitn ought to blush. Mr. Norton.—I do blush, Mr. Cooper, but it's for you. A large exportation of horg^s is about taking place to Hobart Tojvn. The Jane met with a melancholy misfortune a few weeks before coming in, having,- it is supposed, lost two boats with their crews, which unfortunately, whilst in pursuit of whales, lost sight of the ship ; and although she boxed about the spot for a week, in hopes of falling in with them, she was at length obliged to bear up for Sydney. It is hoped that'they have made some of the numerous Islands lying to the eastward. Tenders for salt beef have been accepted by the Commissariat, at the rate of £28 and £30 per ton. H. M. S. Imogene brings an acconnt of the loss of the cutter Lord Liverpool, at Tongataboo—all hands saved. She belonged to Mr. Robinson, which gentleman was on board Ihe Schnapper schooner, when she was lost on her last trip to the Islands. It is said the Marina- Assurance Company have sustained a loss by the wreck. The Natural History of this Colony having excited much discussion in the Mother Country, we present the following extract from the A sialic Journal, containing some observa- * ions on the Water-mole or Platypus, by the Hon. Lauderdale Maule, of the 39th Regiment. They will be read with interest, as they have not appeared in this Colony :— " In September last, Dr. Weatherhead communicated to the Committe of the Zoological Society, extracts from a letter which he had recently received from Lieut, the Hon. Lauderdale Maule, of the 39th regiment, now in New South Wales. They referred to the habits and economy of the ornithorhynchi. " During the spring of 1831," writes Lieut. Maule, " being detached in the Interior of New South Wales, I was at some pains to discover the truth of the generally acitpted belief, namely, that tbe female platypus lay eggs and suckles its young. By the care of a soldier of the 39th regiment, who was stationed at a poston the Fish River, a mountain stream abounding with platypi, several nests of this shy and extraordinary animal were discovered. The platypus burrows in the banks of rivers, choosing generally a spot where the water is deep and sluggish, and the bank precipitous and covered with reeds, or overhung by trees. Considerably beneath the level of the stream's surface is the main entrance to a harrow passage, which leads directly into the bank, bearing away from the river (at a right angle to it), and gradually rising above its highest water- mark. At a distance of some few yards from the river'sedge this passage branches into two others, which, describing each a circular course to the right and left, unite again in the nest .itself, which is a roomy excavation^ lined with leave*, and moss, and situated seldom tnore than twelve yards from the water, or less than tlvo feet heneatli the surface of the earth. Several of their nests were, with considerable labour and difficulty, discovered. No eggswere found in H perfect state, hut pieces of a substance resembling egg-shell were picked out of the debris of the nest In the insides of several female platypi which were shot, eggs were found o<" tbe size of a large musket-ball and downwards, imperfectly formed, however, i. e. without the hard outer shell, which prevented their preservation." MILITARY CHANGES; — The detachment of His Majesty's 17th Regiment, now doing duty in this command, are on the eve of being relieved hy a company of the same corps. Major Croker commanding, and Lieut, the Hon. D Gordon remain with us, to the unequivocal and special satlsfactiou of the inhabitants of the district. Captain Deedes and i-ieut. Finch have succeeded Captain Chetwoodg dnd Lieut. Lonsdale in the Military charge of No.-2 Stockade at the Junction. Lieut. Darley, J. P.,continues in command of the First Division of Mounted Police. LICENSE MEETING.—Two years ago a single public-house was all that Bathurst fcould display to the traveller, iiirt on the present occasien the number of applications amounted to thirteen, nine of which were approved of. On the new . line of road frorii Mount Victoria, H decent sprinkling of houses of entertainment for inan and horse, will render the once terrifying journey to Bathurst easy and agreeable of accomplishment. EATHER.—Half the winter season lias elapsed with scarcely one hour's rain J the waters are as low as in tlife midst of siimmer, and clear bright skies at each sun-set, promise a continuance of the biting frosts, which have seldom been exceeded in intensity since Bathurst Was first inhabited. Tiie Henry PorcMr hdvbaulcd alongside thfe King's Wharf, and commenced disfcharging- cargo. . . . WHALING JJSEWS.—'The Jane spoke the Tigress on the 1st of June, with 1,000 barrels of oil—out six itaotitUs ; arid the Caro tine, Tregiirtha, in the middle of May, with 700 barrels. The Lady Wellington, which arrived from the whaling grounds on Moiiday last, frepdrts the following Vessels spoken with :— MarCli—Harmony, 700 bafrels ; Normuhul, 40 • barrels—five, months out; Elizabeth, Finnis— three months and a half out, 180 barrels ; Sir William Wallace, 500 barrels; Fame—three ' months out, 200 barrels ; and the JQaroline, *Tregurtha, twelve montlis out, with 700 barrels bf oil. ROBBERY, ILL-TREATMENT, AND pEATH, OCCASIONED BY RUNAWAY CONVICTS — Last week, as a person of the name of John- ." stone, a carpenter, was travelling with his. wifte on the road to Captain Bunn's farm, in Argyle, he was 'Stopped by some bushrangers^ anfl . robbed of his tools, and other things. Before leaving him, the ruffians beat the poor fellow j n such a brutal manner that he has sincfe died. MEETING OF MECHANICS AT SYD- NEY.—On Tuesday evening the 9th instant, a ' meeting was held at the long'room of the "Edinburgh Castle," by a number of mechanics, to take into consideration, the means to bS adopted to remedy the distress (if any) that existed amongst the 'Mechanics of Sydney. Prior to the commencement of the* business.of the evening, a desultory conversation was by tae various partizans carried on for nearly an hour ; on the conclusion of this very interest ing soiree, a Chairman was appointed, who on making his appearance, was challenged as being more like a ghost than a Chairman ; the worthy Chairman acknowledged he was rather thin,hut assured the company he teas not a ghost; he then ip due form " put the question" to the meeting, whether any distress existed amongst the mechanics of. Sydney ?—and if so, what would be the best method to remedy the evil. To this appeal no answer was returned by the assembled people; but a most confounded noise arose, occasioned by SL wordy war respecting free and convict labour. At this juncture the Voice of one of the tradesmen of Sydney became perfectly stentorian, and he " broke loose" in the following style—" Many free emigrants have come to my shop, and have received my goods and have never paid for them ; and others have served mfe such tricks, that, my tricks, \- not half so bad, have sent me a prisoner to New South Wales.' 1 (hurra, Bravo, hurra, hiss, hiss). Al ter this ebullition of sounds had subsided, Mr. Onions arose, and said, there was no distress ; he would immediately employ four good blacksmiths at 50s. per week; and would give £5. bounty to any person who would -bring him a good workman. Mr. Rooke followed, and declared he would readily give 7s. per day to good cabinet makers ; and if required he would pay in advance. Several ungenerous individuals at this stage of the proceedings said, "that high wages might be given, hut they thought Messrs. Onions and Rooke would expect the wages to be taken out in -rum." This insinuation was met by the Masters in question with a flat denial; on this order was once more restored. Mr. Moffitt, the bookseller, arose and said, several gentlemen who held tickets-of-leave, had not attended the meeting, they havingunderstood it was a meeting exclusively for free emigrants, who were to assemble to endeavour to carry such measures that would be injurious to ticket-of-leave mechanics. This was disavowed by the Chairman, who said it would be desirable to endeavour to raise the standard of wages of "every class"—"Convict labour," " Tickets-leave labour," and the labour of " free Emii j ; | i I grants."—This proposition was instantly answered by " bravo, hurra, the 4est speech made to-night, &c.;" On this an adjournment was proposed to give those persons holding "Tickets of-Jeave an opportunity of attending." The adjournment was then announced, and accordingly another meeting on the subject will take pUce at the " Edinburgh Castle," on Wednesday evening next, at 6 o'clock precisely. As might naturally have been expected, the various parties at this meeting looked solely to their own interests : the Colonists in general will only find their interest supported by the thousands of industrious emigrant mechanics who are on the point of embarking for our shores .—Ed. of Sydney Herald. 