IRELAND. Dumin, Arnir. 27. A new plan of agitation is now spoken of at the " Free and Easy" in the Corn Exchange. It is said that Mr. O'Connell is about to take a house in the neighbourhood of Liverpool, to which place it is proposed that a few of the old Volunteers should take an occasional trip during the summer, to get up meetings, in order than the speeches delivered at them should be published in the newspapers. Without the trouble of crossing the water, that object, if it could be of any possible utility, has been already accomplished for the Morning Register published, a few days since, what purported to be a report of a meeting of the Volunteers, announcing the receipt of rent, letters, etc, and giving to each of the members who usually speak a reasonable portion of oratory. There was, of course, no meeting held ; but the report, which was a lively jeu oV esprit, deluded many a Volunteer, enraged many a Conservative, and, when the joke was known, set the town laughing for two or three days at the ghost of the defunct society. The triumphant rejection of Mr. M Attwood's currency-mongering scheme has produced great satisfaction on this side of the water. Ireland has already suffered too much from parties produced by a depreciated currency, to permit her to regard without alarm any tampering with the present standard of value. There are, of course, immense numbers here, as well as in the other parts of the empire, who, having nothing to lose, are favourable to a change, which would be deeply injurious to the owners of property, although it might give a temporary and fictitious impulse to trade. Any one at all acquainted with this country will repudiate the notion (which is one of the most prevalent fallacies) that want of capital can be classed amongst our evils. There is much more capital than can be judiciously rendered available. It is a fact, that the amount of stock in the Irish funds has increased 12 millions within the last 15 years. In 1921 the amount vested was 21 millions; it is now 33 millions. It is stated that trade has suffered very considerably in Kilkenny since the issuing of the proclamation under the disturbance bill in consequence of some monopolists taking advantage of the limited hours of transact- ing business, as the farmers coming from distant parts deem it necessary to return home early. There was no market at all on Wednesday. The shopkeepers complain that there is almost a total suspension of business. You will observe by the newspapers that the Term Grand Jury have found true bills against Richard Barrett, Esq., proprietor of the Pilot newspaper, for publishing the first of Mr. O'Connell's last series of letters to the people of Ireland. The third of the series has not appeared, and I have reason to believe will never be published. The bills were preferred at the instance of the government, but the printer of the paper is not proceeded against. It is said that the object of the government in instituting the prosecution was to put an end to this new species of agitation. The charge amounts to a misdemeanor. State or the Country-The Agitation Press The " Organs of the Agitation" are waxing mighty wroth at the return of the country to a state of public tranquillity. Nothing can exceed their mortification at finding the cause of order triumphant, in spite of all their efforts to perpetuate discord and discontent. Finding that the protective bill has worked, within the already brief period of its operation, much of the good for which it was enacted finding that the example of its effects in the county Kilkenny has already produced in the surrounding districts a return to tranquillity and a cessation from outrage-finding that the prompt and vigorous application of the law to Kilkenny, and the admirable manner in which it is administered there will go far to render its extension to other places unnecessary thus baffled at every turn the " mob oracles" are writhing in the last agonies of despair. It was a common and oft-repeated sophism of these gentry, that if you put down what they called the legitimate expression of public opinion-the safely valves of popular indig- nation-that you would immediately produce a substitute for these useful societies in Dublin in the legislation of Capt. Rock in the provinces. Repeatedly have we been told that the agitation in the metropolis, by holding out prospects of relief, rendered unnecessary any recourse to 'a wild justice" in the country. The present, compared with the late condition of the whole state of public feeling, exhibits pretty strongly the decisiveness of this kind of reasoning. But a little time ago we had our political societies at full work in town, and an abundance of assas- sinations, robbery, and burning in the country. Vigorous measures have been taken to put an end to these patriotic proceedings, both in town and country proceedings which went on so harmoniously together and we are happy to be able to congratulate all good and peaceable citizens on the successful result of the experiment. To he sure the Pilot informs us, that the present calm is but the preparation for a mighty outbreak, but his silly threat in no way disturbs our pleasure. We do not believe the threat of the Pilot, and even if we did, we should feel no alarm. If it be really so, it must and shall be cared for- that's all Dublin Times. The term of the imprisonment of Wm. Poole, Marcus, Costello, and Thomas Reynolds, Esqs., expires this morning, when they will be liberated from Kilmainham jail. \- Dublin Times of Saturday. The grand jury of the county of Dublin have returned a true bill against the publisher of the Pilot newspaper, for a libel contained in the first of Mr. O'Connell's late letters to the people of Ireland. This prosecution is instituted by the government, for the purpose of putting an end to the new system of agitation. The Roscommon Journal announces the murder of an expected witness at the petty sessions of Raharna, two days before he was to be called on to give his evidence in a serious affair, in which two persons were concerned. They have absconded. We received New York papers to wv 10th April, from which theîollowing^re the of extracts. We copy from the Washington Globe the following :- ' " Fire at Washington-Destruction of the Treasury building -We regret to announce the total destruction by fire of the Treasury building, but we are happy to add that, as far as can now be ascertained, all the public accounts and vouchers relating to the receipt and disbursement of the public monies have been saved. It is understood the fire was discovered at about half-past two, on Sunday morning, by a person accidentally passing. The flame was first seen issuing from the windows of the room on the upper floor, adjoining the centre projection, on the north front. The alarm was immediately given, and by great exertions on the part of the secretary and other public officers, as well as on the part of the citizens generally, who seemed to take an equal interest in the matter, the most important part of the public papers were preserved. The public records and documents being the chief objects of solicitude, the principal and earliest efforts were made for their preserva- tion. The manner in which the fire originated, has not been ascertained. The necessary measures have, however, been taken to obtain information on the subject, and as soon as the result is known it will be communicated to our readers. It appears that the messenger whose turn it was to watch was absent from sickness and that the person who usually sleeps in the building was not aware of the fire until he was awaked from the outside. The secretary has engaged several contiguous houses for the use of the Treasury ; the public books and papers have already been removed to them and the business of the department will be transacted there to-day as usual.''' Daring Outrage,.- Yesterday (April 30 three waterman, Hawkins, Freeman, and 31illet,-anà a youth named Coggan's, were charged at the Thames Police-office with riotously assembling before the house of Mr. James Cook, landlord of the Swan Tavern, at Fulham Bridge. Mr. Cook said, that four years ago he bought the good, will of the Swan for £190 and ever since he had been persecuted by the prisoners and other watermen, because he refused to allow them to play at unlawful games in his house, or act in a disorderly way. They had entered into a combination to drive away his trade in favour of a rival publicans and they not only endeavoured to prevent his customers from landing at the Swan, but annoyed and threatened him in every possible way. On Thursday week the prisoners bored a hole in a large piece of timber which had been washed up by the tide, and having filled it with gunpowder, discharged it like a cannon before the Swan. One piece of timber entered the house, but fortunately no damage was done. Blake, while ramming down the powder, told Mr. Cook, who is en- clients, that he would send her and her babe to the flames of-. If the wood had been dry, great loss of life might ensued. The magistrates said the persecution was disgraceful to human nature. All the prisoners, who denied the charge, were ordered to find good bail to keep the peace for six months. A long official notice of the operations of the army of Don Pedro appears in the Times of this morning, for which we regret we can find room to-day. It gives a most satisfactory account of the carrying of Monte Covello, to which we alluded yesterday, the fortifications of which were destroyed, and the materials employed to construct a redoubt, which was effected with great skill and dispatch. Colonel Pacheo, under the orders of the Duke Terceira, conducted the attack with much gallantry, and effected the service, with a loss of 21 killed, including one officer, and 74 wounded-that of the enemy being estimated at COO. Admiral Sartorius appeared on the 19th of April off the bar with his squadron. Several French soldiers have recently been landed, and the blockade is deemed very ineffective. The proceedings of the army of Miguel are stated to be extremely languid, few shots having of late been fired at the town, whether from change of plan or want of ammunition is not known. The manly conduct of Sir John Hob- house, in resigning at once both his office and his seat for Westminster because he could not reconcile his promise to vote on a particular measure according to the wishes of his constituents and in consistency with his own opinion of the tendency of his vote under the circumstances of the crisis at which it was demanded, claims universal respect. At the same time, believing as we do that the country will have to regret the loss of Sir John Hobhouse both as a Minister and a member of Parliament, we feel that the implied necessity of thus acting affords an additional proof of the impolicy of requiring such very unconditional pledges that a member cannot even venture to in- fringe the letter while he is conscious of preserving all the spirit of his engagement. It is quite obvious, that had Sir John Hob- house voted with his colleagues last night, he would not have been comprised as to a repeal or modification of the house or window duties whenever a further repeal of taxation rendered it practicable. We say not this as deciding that under the circumstances Sir John Hobhouse has not taken a step most congenial with a man of honour, but simply as matter of fact and a subject for regret, and to show how awkwardly the custom of implicit pledging may occasionally operate upon the legislative functions. We have not heard how the electors of Westminster will behave on this occasion ; but it is not difficult to decide upon that which would do them the most credit and honour. 