-J — mtmmm — SONG OF THE DEPARTING SPIRIT OF TITHE. (Supposed to be written by Moore.) 'It is o'er, it is o'er, my reign is o'er; 1 heard a Voice, like that of yore, 'Which-over the eartih its waitings spread, Crying aloud, 44 Great Pan is dead I"— Such Voice I iiear, from shore to shore. From Ounfanaghy to Baltimore, And it saith, in sad, parsonic tone, " Great Tithe, —and small,— are dead and gohe'!": Even now 1 behold your vanishing wings, Ye tenths of all conceivable tilings "Which Adam fiist, as Doctors deem. Saw, in a sort of night-mare dream-, After that feastof fruit abhorred ; First indigestion on record I Ye decimate ducks, ye chosen chicks, Ye. pigs, which, even when Catholics, )r of Calvin's most select depraved, In the Church must hare your bacon saved ; vYe fields, where Labour counts his sheaves, And, whatsoever himself believes, Blust bow to th' Established Church belief, That the tenth is always a Protectant sheaf;— 1 Ye calves, of which the I\Ian of Heaven Takes Irish tithe, one calf in seven Ye tenths of Tape, hemp, barley, flax, Eggs, timber, milk, fish, and bees' wax ; Alt things, in short, since earth's creation, Doom'd by the Church's dispensation, To suffer eternal decimation, ' Leaving the whole lay world, since then, Reduced to nine parts out of ten ; Or, as we calculate thefts and arsons ; .Just ten per ceul. the worse for Parsons I Alas, and is all this device 'For the saving of souls thus gone in a trice ! The whole put down, iu the simplest way, By the souls resolving NOT to pay ! And even the Papists, thankless race, Who have had «o much tne easiest case, To PAY »or our sermons doom'd, '(is true, But not condemned to hbar thbm, too, (Our holy business being, 'tis known, With the ears of their barley, not their own,) Even thby object to let us pillage, By right divine, their tenth of tillage, And, horror of horrors, even decline To find us iu sacramenta 1 wine ! I t It is o'er, it is o'er, my reign is o'er ; Ati nevtr shall rosy Rector more, \ Like the shepherds of Israel, idly eat, I ' And make ofhisflock "a pray andmeat." No more shall be his the pastoral sport Ofsuing liis flock in the.Bishop's Court, Through various steps, Citation, Libel, Scriptures all, but NOT-the Bible, 'Working the law's whole apparatus To get at a few pre-doom'd potatoes, , And summoning all the powers of Wig, To settle the fraction of a pig ! Till, parson and all committed deep in the case of " Shepherd versus Sheep," ' j The Law usurps the Gospel's place And, on 'Sundays, meeting face to face, While Plaintiff fills the preachers station, Defendants form the congregation, i So lives he, Mammon's priet, not Heaven, 't (For TENTHS thus alt atSlXES and SEt EN-3, I Seekiug what parsons love no less A . Than tragic poets, a good distress. Instead of summoning St. Augustine, "flregory Nyss, or old St. Justin, (Books fit only to hoard dust in) His reverence stints his evening readings To learn'd Reports of Tithe Proceedings, Sipping, the while, that port so ruddy, "Which forms his only Ancient study : Port, so old, you'd swear it's tartar Was of the age of Justin Martyr And, had the Saint sipp'd such, un doubt His martyrdom would have been, the gout. And is all then lost ' alas, too true, Ye tenths beloved, adieu, ndieu ! My reign is o'er, my reign is o'er, Like Old Tom Thumb's ghost, ,rI can no more." ' -f A reverend prebendary of Hereford, in an essay on fthe Revenues of the Church of Enaian t, bas assigned tbe origin of Tithes to " some unrecorded revelation made to i Adam." i t "The tenth calfis due to the parson of common right ; ; ; and if they are seven, he shall have one." — Kees's Cyclo. petdta, art, Tithes. Among the specimens laid before Parliament of the sort . i .<sf Church Rates levied upon Catholics in Ireland, was a charee of two pines of port for sacramental wine. 