:>*M*t- 'WA'LTE-R SCOTT. . * AN fA-MBRIEA-N TRAVELLER. * ABBOTSFORD. .(¡Brtm the Littiary ¡Gattttr.) The writer, after nome preliminary mat- ter, says : " On talcing leave of Southey, at the "foot of Skiddaw, after a day's ramble, he-said to me, ' Have you a letter for Sir WalteT Scott?' I had not. A letter to his daughter, winch your mother had received from Mrs. Hebet, was our only introduc- tion. He replied, " You shall be the bearer ot one from me ;' end on reaching the house, the letter was written and handed to me. It was a sealttl one, but judging from the reception it brought u-», wrs kindly, per- haps warmly written. Three days after- wards we stopped,at theiouter gate of Ab- botsford, looking down with somewhat of owe as well as interest on its turrets, as they rose above the intervening wood. Unwil- ling to trespass where I thought we had so little claim, the letter was despatched by a servant in envelope, with a card, and the unwelcome answer returned, ' Sir Walter Scott is not at home.' ° The stranger then drove to Chief-wood, the residence of Mrs. Lockhart, to whom their first letter was ad- dressed, but were equally -unfortunate. The letters, however, were left ; 'and'thcy sought ¡the juins of Melrose Abbey. " On approaching them," (continues the writer, " we met,nn open -barouche return- ing, in which*,, nyilil a glance,:I recognised the great object of our -search, Sir ¡VTahei rand his family ; but I feared to intrude by so unceremonious an introduction, and we passed, taking, as we feared, our first and last look of the Shakespeare of our age. An hour glided quiokly away, amid the mouldering ruins. Among some modern monuments at their feet, we met with one erected by Sir Walter to the memory of a faithful domestic ; but the ancient memo .ïials were the fullest of poetic associations, ' nnd we only regretted our inability to.com-! ply with the poet's injunction : If thou wouldst view fair Melrose aright, Go víbiI it by pale moonlight. Hither Mr. Lockhart returned to invite the party to Abbotsford ; but they could only accept it for a future day ; and accord- ingly, on returning from Edinburgh a fort- night afterwards, they met the author of Waverley at Chiefiwood. The letter con , tinues: " As we approached we had a glimpse of Sir Walter at the door; but when we di ove up, he had retired, and Mr. and Mrs Lockhart alone lemnined to wel- come us. On entering -the" drawing-room, lie was standing with his daughter, Miss Scott, leaning somewhat, as I found was his wont, upon his cane. -His appearance-but I will not speak of that, for I had no time to scan it. AU that I saw was the face of the ' Great Unknown,'-all that I felt was the pressure of that hand which penned the Antiqua) y and the Lady of the Lake,-all that 1 heard were the mel'ow accents of that northern tongue which now, with courtesy mid kindness, welcomed me to Scotland. " Sir Walter's great delight is in his daughter's harp, and the ballads of the olden time, which she sin»s with a most winning grace. Thus passed our evening ; and on parting for the night, we received and ac- cepted an invitation to Abbotsford ; so that, es you may suppose, with gay hearts we returned to our inn. Now, if you ask me the impression of this day, I must confess, in regard to Sir Walter, it partakes some- what of disappointment. He was kind and courteous, but did not say much ; and when he did speak, I missed somewhat of that precision of thought and power of language, which had so recently charmed me in his Southey and Sir Janies Mackintosh. But further acquaintance has enabled me to see that I was then in the heresy of ignorance. X was bringing to the measuiement an inap- plicable standard. It was like measuring weight by length-it was requiring in a boundless scene of natural beauty the polish land proportions of a Grecian temple. The next day being Sunday, we attended service at the kirk, occupying Sir Walter Siott's pew, which was very near the pulpit. * How did you like the preacher V said Sir Walter, when I again met him. . I con- fess,' I replied, ' I did not hear a single sentence.' ' You must not complain,' said lie ; ' you have heard as much as any of his heaiers for ten years past.' This voiceless preacher, as I aftei wards found, was the father of the original Dominio Sampson. Had delicacy permitted it, the father would himself have made no bad 'study.' " On approaching Abbotsford a second -time, we paused not, as before, at the gate ; tut driving down through the rich young .woods that embower it, and passing through an arched anti tunetted gateway, found ourselves in a noble couit or quadrangle. On our left rose the mansion, in its rich and irregular architecture, bearing in some parts the choice remains of an eaiher chisel which Sir Walter had rescued from the contiguous juins, but genei ally the result of native genius, working tinder his eye, and passing rapidly, as he told me, ' from the models of art to those of n lofty Gothic scieen separated the court from the gardensj-happily attaining what Sir Walter said he had almost despaired of 'doing, . distancing without hiding them,' while on the right runs an aicade or cloister, embanking the rising ground behind it, and ?forming a sheltered walk nearly around two sides of the court. On this occasion Sir "Walter met us at the door, again welcomed us to Scotland and Abbotsfoid, and, taking your moiher by the hand, led the way to the library. But of that way I must give a little description. " The entrance is through an octagonal turret, raised but a step from the giottnd into a hall, occupying the central front of the building ; such a hall ns transports you at once into the regions of romance, and the days of baronial chivalry. Its walls and veiling are of dark oak wainscoting. At either end, on a rai"ed pedestal, stands forth a mailed knight, with visor down and spear lo reit, like sentinels to challenge all who enter,-these are formed of complete suits of-ancient armour ; one of steel, inlaid with ?gold/the sams which was borrowed by the > clmmpion of England -at 'ti« ¡coronation of; George IV. ; ,it cost Sir W. 1000 guineas. Along'the walls hang ' shield and spear and partisan,' intermixed with horns of the bison and the elk, and the skins of beasts of prey, as if to mark its lord equally ready for the foray or the chase. The windows, too, through 4 a rich and storied light,' being ol' stained glass, bearing the armorial escutcheons of the whole clan of Scots, the Laird of Buccleuch, as I think, standing at their head. Around the circuit of the walls, near to the ceiling, run those again of the Bolder famil.es, richly carved in oak, and under- neath them the following legend, in the old Gothic letter-. These be the armour coats of thae who, in times of auld, stood up for the Marches.,of Scotland; thae were men of might and fought stoutly, and God did defend ,them.' From .this hall you have access to the other "parts .of ihcdiottsc, and pass en suite through the following rooms : Miss Seott's boudoir ; the breakfast and dining room '; thearmoury ; the withdrawing room; the library ; and, lastly, Sir Waller Scott's study,; which brings you again to the front of the house and end.of the build- ing.' , "40f these rooms the most splendid is the library; the .most interesting! need not add is the study, into which .last 'tve entered not but under its master's guidance. The library, with its noble'dimensions and costly furniture;' itSjbpok-casesi and cabinets of odorous, cedar,-; its . ceiling of the same, panelled and carved after the model of Melrose ; its well-filled shelves ; its beauti- ful oriel wnidow, projecting and spreading out over the Tweed ; .its curtains of crimson damask with heavy gold fringe ; its varied articles of use, curiosity, and luxury,-all combine to make it a most splendid room. Of these articles many are presents. Here, for instance, stands a massive chair, once a cardinal's, the carving of which ranks it among the productions of Genius,-this js from Rome. There, too, hangs r lamp, a relic of the majesty of Venice. Here, in a corner, stands Dean Swift's, .walkingcane; and,that splendid silver sar- cophagus, ornts* low pedestal, is the gift of the unfortunate Byron. How many asso-' ciations does even that one awaken ! Within, it are the bones'tof ancient heroes-for over their tombs were built the old walls of the Pirotis-yet who can name them? The lines inscribed, 'Expende Hanibalem,'&c.; feelingly convey this lesson,--while the name, of Byron, which the donor -would not put, but which Scott has added, brings touchingly to mind the danger and the misery of earthly genius unsanctified by religion. The letter accompanying this gift has been purloined from its sacred resting-place. When shall such a theft dare to be shewn ? Sir Walter deeply regrets its loss ; for of Byron he often speaks—sometimes with high admira- tion—always with tender feelings. ' Poor Byron,' is his familiar appellation : which words, uttered in his deep tones, go to the very heart. ' But with all its splendour, the library yields in interest to the room beyond-his private study ; for there stand his table and his chair, calling up tho visions of his past labours-and there lie his pen and papers, the evidence of his present ones-. and there, too, his unoorrected yet hasty manu- scripts which shew from what a rapid fountain his thoughts must have poured forth. That which lies upon the table I dare not read ; but from what be ears, conclude it is upon tbe superstitions of the Highlands. Around this room, at the height of ebout ten feet (for the ceiling is a high one), runs a light gallery, which gives access, by a private door, to his bed-room, so that be can nt all times command privacv. In addition to oases made from wood that once formed the Heart of Mid-Lotbian, filled with books of more frequent reference, the walls of his study are covered with portraits and scenes of Scottish end Border story. Among them those of Claverhouse and the unfortunate Mary seem his especial favourites. This first day we bad company at dinner and until near bedtime. His style of living is with considerable state. The buildings are very extensive, and lighted through- out by gas, prepared in one of tbe remotest paris. Two servants in livery, and his own gentleman in black, are in regular attendance. Of the embar rassments arising from the failure of his publishers, with whom the law adjudged him to bo a partner, I here learn but little The impression given me by Mr. Jeffrey, nnd others in Edinburgh, was, that these engagements, amounting originally to near ,£lCO,000, wereinagreatmeasure liquidated; partly bv a beary policy on his own life of (I understood) "£40,000, and partly by the sale of his subsequent works. But to proceed with my story. Monday, 26th July, shall be niarkad by us henceforth with a 'white stone,'as having been spent with Sir W. Scott alone. Then, indeed, fur the first time, tv is I made fully aware of being in the presence of . the mighty master;' for, as with other magicians, tbe spell increased as the circle narrowed. The truth ia, Sir W. Scott is not to be judged of in general society ; he never argues, never dogmatises, and never talks learnedly ; his head and heart seemed filled with better thoughts and things ; an over flowing benevolence, sympathy for all breathing things ; an imagination that teems with all images of natural loveliness ; fetdinga that tremble with every touch of natural affection ; a memory that so lives in the records of the romantic past, that a me- taphysician might well doubt to which century its possessor in truth belonged ; and a sweet simplicity and unassumingness of manner that adds the attrac tiveness of childhood to the words and thoughts of genius ; these are the elements of his strength, and when seen in private they are overpowering in their influence ; then, a book, a portrait, or a chance word, unlocks, us it were by magic, some hidden fountain; then-comes forth at once the splendid train of thought and feeling and imagery, the Border story, the touching ballad, and the heart- rending incident ; in the meanwhile his eye lightens up, often Buffuaed with tears, aud his voice deepens to a tone that thrills through the nerves like the deep notes of the organ.. In this I can liken him to no- thing but his own picture of the awakened minstrel, when The present scene, bia future lot. His toils, his nßaU, were all forgot. Butin all this his true-hearted modesty never for- sakes him. In ail hi« poetic recollections, which, on such occasions, came swelling like a tide into his mind, I never once beard him repeat a line of his own ; and whenever the subject of his poems was alluded to, he avoided it with simplicity which al- ways left me in doubt whether he understood .the allusion, The old adage of ' genus irritabile,' ap- plies not to bim ; a sneer is as foreign to his nature as it is to the expression of his countenance : and, as far us words and manners go, be certainly knows not whatenry it Of the race of his contemporaries, lhere is ataree ono of whom we did not speak ; and not one of whom be spoke otherwise than with res- pect and kindness ; and what at any time was want- ing in praise, wat euro to be made up in kindness of manner. On his repeating one evening a sea-song of Allan Cunningham's,' beginning, ' A wet sheet and a flowing sea,' &c.; which he did wiih great power, I expressed my surprise at its beauty, and said, ' Does Cunningham often write such?' He re- plied, ' My friend Allan is like a boy that shoots many arrows at a mark, some of them must hit.' Of Coleridge, Wordsworth, and Southey, he spoke often ; and his all-powerful memory was ever prompt to bring forth their choicest passages. On mention- ing to him Southey's desponding views of political affairs,-' Ah !' said he, little aware how much the past had blinded his own eyes, ' Southey is a retired and bookish man.' On expressing my agreeable dis- appointment in Jeffrey's character, whom before personal acquaintance, I had regarded as a cold and cyitic credit, he replied with warmth, ' You never did man more injustice-his heart is all tenderness ;' and of his own family affections you may judge bv I his warm oxclomation, when tho conversation tin noll to «noli themes,-« I bless God,' said be, . that he has given me good affectionate children.'" ('Hie writer next relates^ a conversation respecting Sir Walter's incognito," not now necessary to ropeat.) " On asking bim hero the metaphysical question, whether imagination had ever furnished him with materials not traceable to experience, he replied, after a moment's pause, that his characters were always drawn from nature, and many of them indi- vidual pictures, but slightly altered. ''This like ness, on one occasion,' said he, ' betrayed my se cret ¡ the original of Oldbuck was an old friend of my father's, -whom I well remember as a boy. It was too faithful a copy not to be known. Mr.-, on its publication, meeting me, said, as he clapped me on the shoulder, ' Ah, Scott, you wrote that ; no one could point our old friend to the life but you or I.' " ?Upon my moniioning.some other wild surmises as to iheirauthorsb-p, after answering them, he concluded with a,smile,as il'-in -isfereno* to--ray [pertinacity, ' In truth, I find that 1 have,kept the secreteo-long, and so well, as now,lo find some difficulty improving my own.' " On Monday morning, Sir Walter rose as usual .aboutflix.o'clock; ¡wakened, as.he rngtjltirly is, by his favourite dog, a large stag-hound of the nnoient breed, given him, as he tells me, by Damlio Din-' ] mont himself. This dog, bj (lie by, is his constant oompanion. At meals, he watts behind his master's chair, and not ¡infrequently puts his paw upon lils shoulder, to* .remind bim -of his presence ; follows him through the,day in his drives and walks; dozes at his side while he writes ; and completes his tour of duty by guarding him while he sleeps,-his 'bed being a bear-skin couob. At break of day, be again arouses his muster with a gentle paw, knowing well tbat'be has work to do, in which the Whole world is interested, and ,not the least the canine race, of j whose virtues'he himself has so often sat as the model. In truth, 1 look upon this dog with equal respect and ktukness, ns 'part and parcel' of the novelist himself. Until breakfast-time, that is, for. about two hours, Sir Walter writes, and nabout an' equal time after it, which brings bim to 11 o'clook ;"' otter which, he calls himself a free man, writing no more that tlav, unless peichance in the long evenings of winter. On leaving his study this day, he im-1 mediately proposed ,to your sisters a drive through j his plantations, of which be is justly proud, and as ' fur as Melrose ; to which they, as you may suppose, ! well pleased, acceded. His morning dress aocordsi with his sfmple rural habits; a well-worn £reen' bunting-coat, with ample ¿flaps and pockets, a flataloth cap, nud an oft-used whistle pendeutirom bis bulton-holo,agree with the large frame and manly figure, though slight stoop, of whom you might fake to be a Sootisb laird of high degree, aud siirfple ¿tates,-of one who.was beginning to'feel the wetglit of years, without having lost the taste or enjoyment ' »f the more ocuive jjpotts of-youth. lu rlus guise I' jeehim,uow setting .forth¡in his low- wheeled open barouche, accompanied by your sister, and followed 'by his deep- mouthed favourite and two others of minor breed. On visiting theiscarcely perceptible ruins of the early Melrose on the heights,'he ex patiatsd, they tell me, good.humouredly on tbo jaste of the lazy monks, who could prefer the lot lance of the valley ,to such heart-stirring scenes ; and on passing ata little distance a Scotch lassie, knee-deep in the river, fishing, be said (whether io joke or earnest)/. There stands my ,Die Vernon.' But I must not "defraud them of the pleasure of telling of their drive, which tbey describe as all delightful from his attentive kindness and his unceasing flow of anecdote and ballad, in reference to every spot they visited, or individual of note of whom tbey chanced to speak. " On his return I met him in the library ; as be approached, lie handed me from among a packet of letters just reoeived, a small hard roll of parchment tied with cord and secured by a lump of raw wax. ' Open at, '"'said he; 'it- will be something to tell, that a republican dared to break tbe seal of a writ of the king;' 'at the orders,' I would have added, 'of one whom kings delighted to honour;' but his modesty awed me, and I dared not. It was a writ for the general election. Parliament being dissolved by the king's death, and «as addiessed to him as high sheriff of Selkirkshire,-the style and form of it have continued unchanged, be tells me, from the time of the earliest Edward : and bonce its rude accompaniments. A reformed Parliament, however, will no doubt order all that much better. " Remembering tbe dash of superstition which he invariably gives to his fictions, and winch always seemed to me to be ex animo, I took ocoasion to ask, after several surprising narratives given by bim of individuals possessing the power of second sight, whether he had in the course of his life met with any such which could not be rationally explained. Ho paused some moments before he answered, 'I cannot say that I have.' Still, Lowever, whether by natural or early association, a lingering respect for such fears, not to say belief in them, often appears in lum. And how, indeed, could it be otherwise, with a mind oi such preponderating imagination, of which ciedulity (I mean it in a poetic sense) must Im one of its highest elements 1 That mind must believe in the reality of its own creations, or it cou d not give them life, and cannot therefore judgo harshly the illusions of other men. Of Coleridge, he quoted with applause the answer, ' That be had seen too manv ghosts to believe in them ;' and then, in reference to that wayward writer, said, * He is never ending, still beginning: could be be tied to his chair, and lo a water diet, be would be the greatest genius living.' " One evening as we sat in the library alone, on some mention of a present be had received, he opened a cabinet mid brought out a store of them,-. rings, seals, snuff-boxes, miniatures, etc., without number-each hat* its own little story. On shewing us a splendid gold snuff-box presented to him by the King, GeoigelV"., with his likeness on the lid. be said, ' A princely return fora little book which the king bad requested of bim.' But on one trifle he seemed to set u peculiar value: it was un antique stone ring found in the Highlands of Scotland, be- lieved lo be of Carthagin-ao' origin, and commolny called the adder's atone, of which ha said there weie but three known, whose owners be then enumerated, to each of which by popular superstition rare virtues were attributed, and more especiallyjio, drop ¿na from the band portended ' some great misfortune to its owner. To guard against such an event, to this one was attached a small silver chain, which was to be slipped over ibe fingers as a security. Ile took tbe precaution, I observed, in his case ; and as your sister received it from him, be said, in an apologetic way, as bo pul the chain on ber fingers, ' Permit me,' before untwisiing it from his own band. " Upon my introducing ihe subject of tbo printed editions of bis works in America, he spoke of literary property as a literary man cannot but speak, viz. as one of the most sacred forms-and I in turnspokel was sure the feelings of mv countrymen, in saying tbat in proportion lo our admiration ol bis works,was our tegret at the inadequacy of our laws to secure to him his rightful returns. ' On one occasion,' said be, 'after trying in vain to preveut their bri- bery of some one having access to the press, in order to remind the publishers in your country that they weie trespassing on other's property, I sent to my printer a sheet utterly unsuitable, as the conclusion to one of my novels just publishing-which sheet was imuv-diately cancelled as soon as I had reason to believe the surreptitious copy was sent oil'. Now this,' said he, ' I call a fair trick ; but seriously,' he continued, ' I think it is but just and becoming that n common language should make common copy- right, as is now tbe cane by treaty between the Prus- sian and Austrian dominions ' " As we bad just returned from a tour to Loch Katrine and the abode of the M Gregors, with Rob Roy and the Lady of the Lake in our bands, ns our most faithful guide-books, this was an obvious theme ; he entered upon it freely, and when bis heart was warmed, it only wanted that I should have had (as~ Boswell says) ' a short band ora long hand,' to have added another tala to those of Old Mortality, or with but slight a addition of melody, another oanto to the Lady of tie I.aVo. Rob Roy I is, after all, one of Sir Walter's choicoit heroes ; he ptidet himself in shewing in bit armoury the light abort gun of that far-famed free-booter. On our 'mentionidg the inn at the Trosncbs ; < Then,' said he, 'you saw my friend Stowart (the bott), the çrandaon of that Ewan.of Brigands, who paid witb his life for his tender heart towards poor llob Hoy ; be out the belt and let him slip ; ho was my autho- rity for the fact.' But details I must reserve for our long winter evenings." The writer speaksof the great kindnoss he mid his family received, and thus con- cludes : " The remembrance of it will be enduring ; it hat added love to veneration, so that in my luture recollections of Sir Walter Soott, the virtues nf-tbe man will como to my heart before his merits as an author. On the third day of our stay at Abbotsford we look leave, Sir Walter returning to your sister, as he parted from her, a littlo book in which on a blank leaf, be had written these words To meet und part is mortals' lot : You've seen us-pray forget tis not; Such the farewell of Wulter Soott. ; ., 