DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION, We insert for the information of the Public, an Abstract of all the Public Sales which will take place from this day's to our next publication. THIS DAY. JOHN PAUL—At his Spacious Auction Rooms, George-stree, at 11 o'clock, Cloths, Calicos, Stuffs, Household Furniture, &c.; MR. S. LYONS—At the Wharf of Messrs. Campbell & Co., George-street, Double Brown Stout and Bottled Porter. MR. BODENHAM—Upon the Ground, between the properties of Thomas Barker, Esq., and the late property of Mr. John Dickson, at 12 o'clock, Lease of Building Allotments of Land. TO-MORROW. MR. S. LYONS—At the Stores of the Australian Company, at eleven o'clock, Glass, Irons, Fen- ders, &c.; ; and at one o'clock, Madeira, Sherry, and Port. WEDNESDAY. MR. BODENHAM—At his Rooms, at eleven o'clock, Slops, Hats, Bottled Porter, and Wine. MR. S. LYONS—At the Stores of Mr. C. H. Ebden, George-street, at eleven o'clock, Cape Ale, Pontack, Frontignac, &c.; &c.; MR. A. POLACK—At his Rooms, No. 2, Park-street, Hops, Slops, Jewellery, &c.; One of those events which mark the progress of a country, more perhaps, than any other, took place on Saturday, being St. Andrew's Day, in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Presbyterian Church, named after the Patron Saint of Scotland, and situated in Upper Kent street, in the parish of St. Andrew. About 12 o'clock, a large concourse of most respectable per- sons assembled to witness this interesting ceremony The military band of the Fourth, or King's own Regiment, was on the spot, and added greatly to the effect. The Honourable Colonel Snodgrass, C. B. member of the Executive and Legislative Councils, &.c., &c;, soon after appeared on the ground in full uniform, wearing the insignia of various orders. To this distinguished officer was consigned the honourable duty of laying the first stone of the building, which he performed most ably, being also assisted by the minister and trustees of the church. The ceremony commenced by the band playing the beautiful Chorus from " The Creation." The Reverend Mr. McGarvie, minister of the Church, offered up a prayer, and invoked a blessing on their endeavours to raise a building dedicated to the ordinances of religion, and to the promotion of virtue and morality: Colonel Snodgrass then most ably delivered the following most appropriate address, which was listened to with profound at- tention. "Having been requested to preside over the work in which we are to be this day engaged, I feel much pleasure in complying with the wishes of the Trustees, in laying the Foundation Stone of this Church. I am fully aware of the importance and influence of such Institutions, in any Country, and particularly in young Colonies, where many difficulties must be encountered in promoting such objects. These difficulties are not lessened in number or magnitude in this infant portion of the British Empire, which promises, under favour- able auspices, to shine forth as the Gem of the South- ern Hemisphere. Convinced, as I am, of the efficiency of the Church of Scotland,—of the excellency of her doctrines and principles,—and of the loyalty of her ministers and people, it is my opinion, that every accession of a Church in her communion adds a fresh check to vice, and a stimulant to virtue, and tends to promote the great object of moral reformation, and of civilization, in which the members of other forms of worship are so strenuously engaged. That this rising City will exercise a powerful influ- ence over the Islands in the vicinity, cannot be a subject of doubt. It is daily increasing in wealth and population, and requires an increase of Churches to keep pace with each. Our countrymen carry with them into the land of their sojourn the religious pre- dilections they have imbibed in their youth. Where kindred Institutions are in force, their former habits flow in the same channel, and their predilections are confirmed; but where these are wanting, the reverse of this too frequently takes place. It appears to me, and I believe all who hear me will agree with the sentiment, that it is an act of sound discretion to provide the means of religious instruction and edu- cation for youth and for age, and it gives me pleasure to see that, from a conviction of the correctness of such views, the Trustees connected with this under- taking, have met with cordial support from Govern- ment and from the Public. I trust this structure will be an embellishment to the town, and will promote the welfare of all those who shall confirm or awaken their piety by attending to the ministration of religious ordinances within its walls. I now proceed, therefore, as Hiram the Grand-Master did in laying the foundation of Solomon's Temple, to lay the first stone of this edifice,—and may God bless and prosper the undertaking." The Trustees having brought forward the bottle with its contents, a list of which was read by Doctor Wallace, it was placed in the foundation stone, and the upper stone being then lowered, and adjusted by a level, &c;, and having poured oil and wine on its surface, Colonel Snodgrass said "May our Bountiful Creator ever abun- dantly supply this City and Colony with Corn, Wine, and Oil, and all the necessaries and comforts of life." He then struck the stone three times with the mallet, and proclaimed this to be the first stone of St. Andrew's Scots Church, Sydney. Three hearty cheers were given, in which the whole assemblage joined, and the band struck up the national anthem "God save the King." The following inscription, deposited in the bot- tle placed in the foundation stone was then read, after which the band played " Rule Britannia," I, (Kenneth Snodgrass) have this day, being the thir- tieth day of November, or Saint Andrews Day, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty three, in the 4th Year, of the Reign of our Most Gracious Sovereign William IV,, King of Great Britain and Ireland , and in the Second Year of the Admini- stration of His excellency Major General Richard Bourke, C. B., Governor-in-Chief of this Colony, in due form, laid the Foundation Stone of Saint Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Sydney, founded by Private Subscription, as a place of Worship for the Presbyterians and others, in the southern parts of this City, that by private enterprise, Religion and Virtue may be promoted agreeably to the Customs & Institutions of the mother country. This Church is founded that it may be made a House of Prayer, in which may be taught Love to God Charity to Man—Obedience to the Laws—Loyalty to the King and constituted —and that the present and future welfare—and eternal salvation of the Christian community, may be promoted. May the Supreme Architect of the Universe bless and prosper this undertaking for the purposes for which it may be erected,—may he pour forth his holy influence on the Reverend Clergyman who has been chosen by his countrymen to perform the important duties of Pastor in the New South Wales St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, that in it, Religion and Virtue, Peace and Good-will to Men may be disseminated that its walls may be named Salvation, and its Gates Praise." Mr. Thomas Barker then, in the name of the Trustees, delivered the following observations: HONORABLE SIR,—It affords me particular plea- sure, that I have been deputed by the Trustees of this intended Church (of which you have done us the honor to lay the first stone) to express to you, Sir, the high sense we entertain of the favour you have con- ferred upon us, by presiding over the work in which we have now been engaged. If it is a cause of satis- faction, and commendable pleasure, to have merited the highest rewards of an honorable profession by splendid actions in the field the promotion of reli- gious institutions and moral instruction, must accord well with such achievements in a time of peace. Your attention this day Sir, testifies your approbation of our proceedings. It will, therefore be to us a source of satisfaction of no ordinary kind, that the exertions we are making to establish this Church, meet with so cordial an approval, on the part of those, best qualified to judge of the value of the objects we have in view. Hitherto we have been conscious only of individual satisfaction, but having now secured the favor of the public, the exertions of the trustees shall be redoubled to place this House of Prayer, (under the blessing and guidance of the Supreme Disposer of events) on a basis of stability. We know of no work that presents a more pleasing prospect to a well regulated mind than that connected with the promo- tion of religious and moral instruction. It would be a want of gratitude were we to permit this opportunity to pass, without expressing how much we are indebted to His Excellency the Governor, for the kind, prompt and generous manner in which he has attended to our requests when within the range of his power. From the representations already made by His excellency to the Home Government, it is nearly certain that a still more substantial token of His Excellency's approval, will be obtained to assist in the completion of the work you have so auspiciously begun. To the Honorable Mr. McLeay, Colonial Secretary, and to Major Mitchell, Surveyor General, our thanks are also due in an especial manner, for the support they have given us. When the splendid improvements proposed by the latter distinguished and skilful officer, to be effected in this part of the town, shall have been completed, we flatter ourselves that our Church will be considered one of the many pleasing objects of which this rapidly improving town can boast. Our unqualified thanks are also due to Mr. Edward Hallen, Architect, who being informed of our intentions to build a Church, Schoolhouse, &c.;, came forward in a very handsome manner, by offering his services to conduct the buildings gratuitously; he has been ever since most unremitting in attention to the com- mittee, by preparing plans, making estimates and giving them his valuable advice. I beg Sir, in con- clusion, on the part of the Trustees, to thank you and the friends who have taken so lively an interest in this day's proceedings, and pledge ourselves to per- severe to produce efficiency to the objects in view, and to merit the distinguished honor you have this day conferred upon us. After Mr. Barker had concluded, the Rev. Mr. McGarvie offered up a short prayer, and the meeting dispersed, the band playing "Scots wha hae wi Wallace bled." Among the numerous assemblage of Civil and Military Officers, Merchants, and others, we ob- served the Hon. Alexander McLeay, the Hon. C. D. Riddell, Colonel Shadforth, Sir John Jamison, Major Mitchell, W. Macpherson, Esq. J. E. Manning, Esq. A. B. Spark, Esq., John Busby, Esq. Rev. H. Carmichael, of the Australian College, W. H. Keir, Esq. Edye Manning, Esq. John Maughan Esq. Ambrose Hallen, Esq., Mr. Thomas Shepherd, and many others of the first res- pectability. The Rev. Mr. Pinkerton, of the Scots Church, was prevented from attending by severe bodily indisposition. Seldom have we witnessed in this Colony so large and respectable a Meeting conducted in so harmonious and pleasing a manner. The solem- nity of the proceedings, the interest and attention that seemed to pervade all present, and the decorous and orderly manner in which the Trustees had arranged the proceedings, reflect great credit on all concerned. When the School, which we under- stand it is the intention of the Trustees to erect, shall be completed, the Southern part of the town will derive considerable benefit. ST. ANDREW'S DAY.—On Saturday about 120 gentlemen met together at the Pulteny Hotel, to celebrate the return of this anniversary. His Ex- cellency the Governor honored the company with his presence, and appeared to participate in the hi- larity of the evening. Major Mitchell was presi- dent and circulated the wine freely, which was good. The usual toasts were drunk, and the party sepa- rated at a very late hour, much pleased with the dinner, and the excellent anangements made by the Stewards. THE THEATRE.—The opera of "Inkle and Yarico" was performed on Tursday evening last, to a respectable audience, and with some few ex- ceptions was well received. Between the pieces a comic dance, by a stranger, was introduced to the manifest delight of the audience by whom it was encored; Mr. Mackie's Scotch Dance was also well received. The "Lying Valet" closed the even- ing's amusements. Mr. White's Sharp was loudly applauded, and certainly says much for the humour and taste of this actor, who is an invaluable ac- quisition to the stage in that line. The music was not so effective, as could have been desired. The audience departed at a late hour highly de- lighted with the evening's entertainments. BUSHRANGING.—It is reported that another Gang of men have commenced the work of plunder on the River Hunter. Much inconvenience has been felt by the Police Magistrates, of late, in the despatch of business, owing to the non-attendance of constables, who happen to have prisoners in custody, who should be brought forward on what they call their own day—the day on which they are relieved from a previous forty-eight hours duty. Mr. Windeyer has signified to them, that in all such cases in future, such fine will be imposed, as to induce them to allow their personal convenience to give place to their public duty. Our Sydney curers of beef, must feel a little abashed, on reading the cutting remarks from the Sister Colony, on our bony pieces. It must be confessed, that too many of our butchers salt the bones instead of the flesh ; and not content with a perfect cure—leave strong marks of their careless incision. We hope, however, that the wound in- flicted by our Southern wits, will soon yield to a better knowledge here, of the healing art ; and that the boast of " stall-fed" bloaters in Tasmania, will not be allowed to scoff at the better fed in the bush of Australia. We have heard many complaints of the facilities afforded to Bushranges in leaving Hunter's River, by not having constables at Wiseman's and on the Old road, where these marauders could be inter- cepted with case. The office of Under Sheriff is again vacant, by the appointment of Robert Stewart, Esq., to the office of Police Magistrate of the district at Camp- bell Town. An enterprising individual has it in contempla- tion, it is said, to build, for the accommodation of the inhabitants of Sydney, a Floating Bath, from a model of one which lies in the river Mersey, at Liverpool, and which will be in readiness for the public at the commencement of the next season to be moved at the most agreeable and convenient part of the harbour. Such an undertaking will be at- tended with considerable expense, but there is little doubt of its success, under moderate charges and judicious management ; as at present, it is found nearly impracticable to enjoy the luxury of sea bathing. The north shed in the market is now finished and is very creditable to the Builder. On Friday last, slips of wood, reaching from one pillar to the other, bore in chalk, the names of the intended occupants ; and here, at the Antipodes, that trading " commoonity," the Israelites, taking a striking lead almost to the exclusion of the Gentiles. These fine buildings must no longer be called "Mar- ket," being perverted into "A Fair." Markets have generally been intended for the sale of pro- visions and agricultural produce in the Mother Country—but here, like too many others, it is an illegitimate child. The following Publicans were fined on Friday last, in the penalty of twenty shillings and costs for allowing tippling in their houses on Sunday the 17th ultimo.—Christopher Flinn, of the sign of " Help the Lame Dog over the Stile," Parra- matta road, six persons found in his house ; he stated that his man servant having met with an accident, he was carried into the house by the persons present, whom he treated for their trouble. John Bates, "Coach and Horses," Parramatta road, five persons found in the house ; G. K. Bryant, Brickfield-hill, three persons found in the house ; Thomas Lindsay, " Black Horse," King- street, ten persons found in the house ; numerous other informations have been filed against other individuals for a similar offence. The allowance of spirits at present given to the Military, it is said, will be abolished, and an addition of one-penny per diem, will be added to their pay in lieu thereof. This proposed inno- vation has not given satisfaction to the troops. The troops per Lord Lyndoch, embarked on board that vessel on Saturday last. In consequence of a fracas which took place at the Royal Hotel, between some of those gentlemen who profess the Histrionic Art, a demand for satis- faction arose, which produced a meeting of the aggrieved parties on a spot, which will, no doubt, be selected hereafter as a place in which to decide all affairs of honor. It may be injudicious to name the parties concerned in this rencontre at present. There can be no doubt, however, that the honor which has followed the victors will induce them hereafter to supply the Public with every interest- ing particular. On Wednesday morning last, a meeting took place at a very appropriate spot on account of its seclusion ; the parties of course, desiring to conduct the matter as genteelly as pos- sible. A Son of Apollo, being, as he thought, attacked in an improper, unwarrantable, and dis- graceful manner, demanded satisfaction. On find- ing that the parties who offered the supposed insult were horridly ignorant of the laws of honor, he challenged them—not singly—but severally, and en masse, to meet him as a gentleman. These knights-errand looked at each other " unutterable things ;" but at length their courage being brought to the sticking-place, they articulated rather tremulously, " We will meet you, Sir !" " Where, and when?" the hero replied " Near the intended, and now building Catholic Chapel."—" At what hour, Sir ?"—" At seven," rejoined Don Quixote. Awfully they met ! The whole phalanx fired at the redoubtable son of Apollo. The shots whizzed by his ears, but he stood, like Hamlet's Ghost, un awed—because he knew his own immateriality. There was fortunately in this prodigious affair, neither manslaughter, sudden death, nor felo de se; and, therefore, happily for the good of society, the Coroner's services were not required—neither had the limbs of the law an opportunity of preying on the exhausted capital of any of the parties to this unique engagement. EXECUTION.—On Thursday morning last, John McLaughlin, convicted at the present Criminal Sessions, of assaulting with intent to murder Thomas Melbourne, at Port Macquarie, suffered the extreme punishment of the law, pursuant to his sentence. The unhappy man was attended in his last moments by the Rev. J. J. Therry, R.C.C., and met his fate with a becoming firmness. When on the drop, he averred that some of the prisoners who were tried with him for the same offence, were innocent of the crime of which they were convicted, not being near the place at the time. The awful preliminaries having been adjusted, his spiritual adviser took a solemn leave of the un- happy culprit, and he was launched into eternity. On the falling of the platform, the unfortunate female, Mary Cartwright, who was exposed in the pillory for perjury in this case, and who was con- fined in a cell near the gallows, rent the air with her lamentations, and remained in a state of the greatest mental suffering, bordering upon delirium, during the remainder of the day. Ship News. The Children, it is expected, will not sail before next Sunday, for London. The Rubicon has been taken up for the con- veyance of the oil per Elizabeth. The Katherine Stewart Forbes, has been laid on again for these Colonies ; she will bring prisoners. The Governor Bourke, it is said, will go in quest of the wreck of the Deveron. The Sydney Packet has returned from New- castle, where she had gone to put her oil on board the Lochiel, now loading there with wool for the London Market. The Lord Lyndoch, and the Aurora, take a portion of the troops to India. The Isabella, now at Hobart Town, has been taken up to convey the remainder. It is understood that the Byron on her return from New Zealand, intends to proceed to Curtis' Island with a party of Settlers, and a small flock of Cashmere goats to improve those on the Island, which are innumerable. The Byron then proceeds to the new Southern Continent. Accidents, Offences, &c.; A man named Murray, was very severely in- jured in York-street, on Friday evening last, between the hours of ten and eleven o'clock, in an attack made upon him by two large dogs, while proceeding on his way home. Parties who are in possession of dogs of ferocious habits, should find means of confining them within their own premises, and not subject the Public to be worried in quietly walking along the streets. It is said that the Chief Police Magistrate, while surveying the market-place on Thursday last, had his pocket picked of a £5 note. Coroner's Inquest. On Saturday an Inquest was held at the "Cur- rency Lass" Castlereagh-street, on an infant about three months old, the daughter of a servant of Mrs. Howell, in that street, named Frances Harrold. It is supposed the mother overlaid her child, as it was found dead in the morning. The distress in the poor woman is indescribable. The Jury with- out hesitation returned the Verdict "Accidentally overlain by the Mother." 