LITERARY SELECTOR. ANTONIO Dl CARAKA. [Continued from our last. ] Carara stood entranced at this sight of un earthly beauty, when he was startled from his vision by a Bound as if of remote thunder ; lie looked to the cloud that slill lowered on the Brenner, but it it was as leaden and solid ns ever. No flash broke fiom its mighty womb. If the thunder lay there, it was still to be born. The whole hemisphere lav in this same quietude. The gusts had fallen, and the tem pest seemed to have gone to rest with the snn. Again the sound rose, but it was now not the low growl of distant thunder, but the roar and dashof ocean, heavy, hoarse, and continu ous. He turned to the Hungarian for an ex planation of the cause. ' Probably some new fall of snow among the hills,' said he ; ' but at all events, let us not slop where we are. The road descends a few hundred yards for ward. Biidnny where we shall be lest exposed than here.' He started with the words from the summit of the ridge, and hastened down the steep. Carara followed ; but when he found himself in the spot thus selected for safety, he could not conceal hie surprise at the selection. ' I altogether give way to your knowledge in these matters,' said he, as the Hungarinn turned to watch the progress of the storm ; ' but this spot strikes me as exposing us to be either buried in the first snowfall, or to find our road totally closed up.' The Hun garian fixed on him a look which, even in the twilight, he could discover to be singularly different from his usual calmness of philosophy. It was a smile, but whether it were more of contempt or fear, more of resentment at being thus questioned, or of that embarrassment which the sight of overwhelming danger some times produces in the haughtier minds, was difficult to define in the shade; bui the im pression was there, and his respect for the philosopher's firmness suffered no slight dimi nution for the time. But the time for these things was short. The darkness had suddenly become complete, as if a cloud had brooded on the little valley. The sound which before arrested the ear, had now returned, but louder; the storm rapidly grew wilder, and more appalling still. It be gan with a broken and unusual report, like the roar of a signal-gun ; it swelled in a few minutes to the roar of battle ; it was now the peal of a hundred cannon, of thousands to gether, of millions. The atmosphere shook ; the earth heaved ; Carara instinctively sprang to a rock which projected over the side of the valley, and as he sprang, seized his fellow traveller's arm to drag him with him to the place of safety ; but, to bis utter surprise aud dismay, the Hungarian was immoveable. The grasp which he gave was even returned by a more stubborn grasp. ' Do you want to die here ?' exclaimed the count, still attempting to shake him from his strange insensibility— ' Or do you want me to die along with you ?' The Hungarian made no answer ; but, bb if paralyzed by fear, still firmly clung to the arm that be held, and his countenance exhi bited the same strange smile. A crash of the trees, a scream of the eagles and falcons, an universal commotion of the air, announced that some extraordinary devastation was at hand. ' It ts an avalanche,' shouted Carara, laboring at once to rush forward and rouse his frozen friend. But he was evidently devoted to ruin— he grasped his band only the more violently, ' It is an avalanche,' he repeated, with a low internal voice, aud with a laugh which could be attributed to scarcely less than sudden idioiism or insanity. But now all struggle was UBelesE, for now came this terrible instrument of destruction. From the side of the mountain, some thousand feet above, came a dim and mighty mass, itself like a loosened mountain, rolling, bounding, crashing, and at every bound increasing in speed and size. The largest trees snapped before it like willow-wands ; the solid crags, which bad resisted the torrents aud the thunder of winters innumerable, Hire torn from their ancient fixtures like feathers, and whirled down into the ravine. The light of the snow, or the rapidity of its course, threw a strange aud melancholy gloom around, and rendered it drearily visible as it rushed along. The air was filled with the roar, crashing, and inces sant; the valleys seat it back; every sur rounding mountain returned it, like the echo of a thunderburst. At length an immense cloud of mingled dust, stones, snow, and wrerk of all kinds, rushed into the valley, heralding its W8y. Carara, in blindness, and utterly bewildered by the snow, still felt him self grasped with what he thought the convul sive hold of death, by his companion ; but he felt, at the same instant, the ground quiver nnd heave under his feet ; be in vain attempt ed to cling to the rock ; he was caught by the whirlwind, and flung forward, where he knew not. A hollow roar still sounded in his ears; he still felt himself tossed and flung like a wave ; at length a blow, a sensation of in tolerable chill, and a sudden plunge, as he thought, ten thousand fathoms deep, extin guished all sounds and sensations together. How long he lay in this state of insensibility, he could judge only by the scene that pre sented itself to him when he agaiu opened his eyes. All was silent, the storm had passed away, or left its only traces in some scattered clouds that Uy on the remote sky like rem nants of a routed army. The avalanche had run its fearful course, a course which was still to be traced in the stripping of the mountain's side of every sign of vegetation, and plough ing it into immense rents and chasms. It lay with all its devastation quiet in the valley, at an almost sightless depth below. Not a sound disturbed the expanse, alt was virgin white, a world ofsnow. The moon in ber meridian was pouring down floods of glorious light upon tbe scene, from a heaven as blue and solid as a vault of lapis lazuli. Carara's feel ings were suspended in awe at this majesty of night aod nature. Tbe sense of his own extra ordinary preservation too came upon his heart with an influence which surprised himself. If he had known in what words to pray, he would almost have prayed ; bis original habits had not taught him more than the rest of his class, and superstition, when he was inclined to com ply with the ceremonial of the land, or phi losophy, as the beaux esprils called it, when lie was inclined to tbink that ceremonial trou blesome, had made up the sum of his percep tions on the subject. But he was now, as any man might be, at once appalled and grateful, at once shaken by the consciousness that there was something more than die worldly creed had told him conrprned in the government ol things : and awakened by the feeling that ho had been, however unaccountably, the object of its care. Hp had obviously been saved by what, fit another time, he would have pro nounced a most singular accident. Tho whirlwind raised by the avalanche had swept hint down some fathoms of the moun tain's side, and when he was on (he point of being flung into the valley, where he must have been dashed to pieces, the rough root of a broken oak had checked his descent, and the violence of the shock, which rendered him insensible at the moment, had tossed him like gossamer under a huge projecting crag, which fortunately lay a few paces beyond the direct descent of the snowfall. The ground close to the spot where hp lay, had been torn up, as if a hundred thunderbolts had rifted it ; fragments of the crag had been evidently splintered off by the concussion ; the whole surface of the mountain above had been hurled into the ravine. If he had been flung but a few paces nearer, he must have been by this time in eternity. When his recollection had completely re turned, the state in which his friend had been seen for the last time recurred to him. What must have become of a man who had been palpably deprived of all power to help him self, even if he had not stood directly in the road of a devastation that might have torn down a pyramid or buried a city ? Carara looked round in vain, he was nowhere to be seen ; he shouted his name titl the precipices reechoed it on ever side ; it was equally in vain, no voice of man answered ; he even tried his way along the shivered and Tailing masses left clinging on the face of the preci pice, to the spot where they had last Mood to gether ; but all search was in vain. The whole aspect of the hill was altered; a power be yond man had been there; and what was man, in such contact, but the dust of the balance ? Carara, almost subdued, gave a. final look to the spot which must be considered as the grave of his eccentric, yet zealous and sincere friend, and dejectedly took his way up the little mountain road. The cascerne of the Mittenwold, a post house and place of rest for travellers, had been visible for some hours before the fall of the avalanche, aud it was to this spot that the count now directed his steps. The cascerne had its occupants even in that rough season ; and three or four stout peasants from the Hertzcr valley, and a nondescript figure, who, on his own authority, had the courage of an Alexander, and every virtue under the sun besides, but whose shorter Fe rarese sword, rusty pistols, and weatherbeaten visage, strongly marked him for either the con trabandist or the highwayman, or both as oc casion might serve, had takeu up their quar ters with the old soldier and his wife who were stationed in this winter-buffeted dwelling. Carara's first proposal was, that they should go back with him to look for his friend, alive or dead. But the peasants declared this to be totally impossible, the veteran acknowledged it to be next to hopeless, and the contrabandist pledged him by all the ghosts of the moun tains to be beyond the power of man or fiend, if the nvalanchp had but touched a hair of his unfortunate associate. The project was on all hands pronounced utterly impracticable, and the count had no resource but to wait until day-light should enable him to continue his search by himself. Daylight came, but the attempt was now more hopeless than ever. The clouds, which had lingered so long on the northern range, had during the night moved forward over the whole extent of the hills, and flooded them with snow. The cascerne was covered almost to the roof, and ell the rest, as far as the keen eye of the mountaineers could reach, was an ocenn of white surges. Another day passed in this lofty dungeon. Slill the tempest was unabated. A week passed ; and Carara's im patience could suffer this confinement no longer. He determined to attempt the pass at all ha zards. The peasant* declined his largest offer for their services as guides ; and he prepared desperately to set out alone. He felt that his anxiety was wearing away his strength; that the emperor might be gone from Inuspruck ; that his enemy might anticipate his appeal ; that chance, or bardarlty, or subtlety, might be exposing his family to the last miseries, while he was lazily wasting his dayB in the wretchedness of a mountain hovel. He had already given his farewell to the old soldier, and was forcing his way through the snow, when h-s found himself followed by the contrabandist. Tin's hardy fellow, a na tive of the Tarentaise, had waited until he saw the count's resolution wrought to its height ; the solid purse which had been ex hibited during the treaty with the peasants appeared to him a matter which should not be carelessly considered, and with the inten tion of sharing in it, amicably, in the way of service, or if not, in any other way that might be effectual, he now proposed to join the count as a guide. Carara was glad to find a companion, rough us he might be, and the tra vellers pushed forward vigorously. Two day's toil at last brought them within sight of the famous pass of tbe Brenner, and as his guide pointed it out to him in the distance, rising sharp and boldly among a wilderness of pre cipices, that seemed less a part of this world, than the wojks of a former one, he felt a new pulse or hope beat high in his bosom. Night fell again ; and sleeping on the snow with no other canopy than a shelf of the rock, and no other shelter than the stunted foliage of a wild pine, be felt a delight in the rest, a keenness of enjoyment even in his couch of snow and his pillow of stone, that he had never experienced in the Carara Palace. Real hunger made the simplest food a banquet, real fatigue made the rude6t resting place a conch of down. He had discovered what the Roman tyrant sought for in vain in all his silken luxury, a new pleasure. He was on his feet by dawn, and prepared to scale the mountains with a foot ss elastic as their own chamois. But the contrabandist hung back. ?« We had better not be too much in a hurry this morning,' said he, pointing to the pass, » for the old brute there is angry, took, how he raises up his bristles like a wild boar, and ir we were but a league or two nigher, we should hear him howling and gnashing his teeth. We must stay where we are till the old savage is quiet.' The count's comprehension of this metaphorical displea sure was not aided by any further discussion. The contrabandist either would not, or could not explain farther than by pointing to the pass, which now certainly appeared lo pulon some resemblance to the ridgy back of a wild boar, a phenomenon not uncommon in the mountain atmosphere, and which is understood universally to predict a storm. ' The weather promises ill. But my business admits of no delay. What is to be done in case of a tem pest f' asked the count. *' Return to the cas cerne — what else could be done '?' answered his companion sullenly. ' Another league,' said Carara, ?' end your pay shall be doubled.' His guide hesitated, but surveying the count's face of determination, and seeing him already striding onward through the snow rifts, he at length made up his mind and followed. As they reached the next ascent, the prospect was still more gloomy, tbe wind had lulled, and except now and then a sharp short gust, there was a death like silence. Man, beast, and bird, had equally deserted the region. Above, the sky stooped almost to the ridge of the hills, as if unable to bear its burden of snow and tempest. A single vulture, that started from a pile of grey crags far above their heads, and continued sailing and wail ing over them like an evil omen, made the scene of desolation still more desolate. Sleet began now to cover the few points of the rocks which the gusts had stripped. The air became intensely cold, and the wind rose, and blew in bursts, hollow and melancholy. The guide again remonstrated. But Carara was not to be deterred by the elements, much less by the selfishness of a hired guide. He still strode onward, leaving the contrabandist to complain to the winds. The tempest now palpably moved down the huge ravine, and its roar was heard long be fore its violence was near enough to be felt. The heavens and earth were rapidly darkened by a livid and sepulchral shade as it came. Every thing seemed to quiver through the dense air, and the pinnacles, trees, and mountain paths, shifted their places to the eye, as they wavered on the storm. The sleet now thickened into snow, and the air became a fleecy cloud, through which it was impossible to see further than a few yards. Carara felt estrange mixture of despondency & determination filling his mind. How or where to advance he knew not, he was possessed of something approaching to a melancholy con viction that the night and the hour were to be his last ; yet the origin.il vigour of his soul was roused, and he resolved never to return but successful or a corpse. Tbe contraban dist, however, thought otherwise. He had formed his determination too, but it was to return to the cascerne, and yet not to return without being a richer man than when he left it, Tbe count was still within his reach, though wrapped in a snow-sheet, that swept round him like a shroud. The contrabandist, was not a man to suffer any embarrassment where his object lay straight before him. He had no appetite for the hazard, and was not in clined to use any unnecessary ceremony on the occasion. He struggled forward to where Carara stood gazing through the storm, and demanded tbe double pay that had been pro mised . 'Complete the league,' was the answer, or guide me to the summit of the pass, and you shall have every ducat in my possession.' 'And that is to be your last speech to me?' interrogated the fellow, with a ferocious look. 14 My last only one,' said the Count, ' and now onward.' ' Your last, then, be it !' exclaimed the ruffian, and plucking a pistol from his bosom, fired it at Carara's head. The shock stunned him, and he fell. The contrabandist conceiv ing that he had effected one part of his pur pose, proceeded to accomplish the other with out loss of time, and springing forward, be gan to rifle the supposed corpse. But his vic tim had fallen on a fragment of one of the rocks disengaged by the whirlwind, the foot ing was slippery, and while the assassin was engaged in the double operation of steadying his 6teps, and searching the Count's pockets, Carara returned to his senses ; hie quick ap prehsnsion comprehended the whole at once ; he started on his feet, and flung his entire strength into the blow which he struck his in tended murderer. It was given with good intent, and was tremendous. The assassin sprang upward with the pain, reeled a few feet backward to the edge of the precipice, found the ground giving way with him, ottered a roar of despair, and threw himself at his full length, grasping the ground. The effort was convulsive, but it only prolonged his agony. The snow yielded with every grasp more and more ; at every new struggle he ap proached closer (o the dreadful declivity, un til a last despairing bound loosened the whole mass, and he went headlong. His yell rang in the air as he shot downwards. All then was silence. He was shattered into atoms. The blood trinkling from Carara's head re called him from gazing with horror on the depth where this miscreant had plunged ; and told how nearly he had run the chance of lying beside him. But, BBif all the evils ot the day had parted with the last breath of the treach erous guide, the air began to clear, the storm visibly slackened, and by one of those changes so frequent in the Alpine tracts, the clouds rolled off, and a broad burst of sunshine glad dened earth end heaven. Even the violence of the wind had prepared his route, the road had been partially cleared to the summit of the pass, the wild' bare back of the Brenner had lost its ominons elevation ; and a long line of silver sparkling among its piles of eter nal granite, showed where the celebrated cas cade of the pass poured down those waters, which so singularly divide themselves to the extremities of Europe, one-half of the stream splitting off to the Adige and the Adriatic, end the other lo the Danube and the Euxine. The pasB was reached. Carara stood on the summit of the Brenner, and when his eye glanced back over tbe frozen region, the king dom of winter through which he had toiled, the impression on his heart was gratitude and wonder. But here his toil was at an end. The Austrian Government had provided for the remainder of the road. Soldiery wera sta tioned from point to point to clear the way for the Imperial couriers, on the occasion of the monarch's projected visit to his Italian slates, and in three days he entered the time-worn, and heavily- flourished portalB of the ' ancient and noble inn of the Stcartz Adler,' at Inn tpruck, which he found crowded with aids de-camp, dragoons, chamberlains, and valets, enough to have driven silence and sleep from the cavern of Morpheus himself. Carara threw himself on a couch, which would bave defied hiBfmost dexterous slumbers in other days, but which nov was to bis wea. ried limbs a bed worthy of a Sybarite He slept with the clamour of five hundred voices ringing in his ears ; he defied them all, and slept. The sun blazing through his low cham ber at last roused him. But where was the clamour of the night before ? All was hushed. No rough dragoon roared a camp-song over his flagon. No rattle of the dice-box in more po lished bands was heard. No charger champed and pawed' in tbe courts. The count rose to investigate the miracle. It was soon developed, to his infinite dismay. The crowd of imperial attendants were gone. Dispatches from France had reached the emperor but twelve hours be fore. A council had been instantly held, and the result was, that the whole establishment was on the road by daybreak. This was b bitter blow, and no man could feel it more keenly than the husband, the father, and tbe noble, united in the person of the unfortunate count. He began to think that fortune took a peculiar indulgence in crushing him, and that he had better have perished in tbe Pado vine dungeons, or in the Alpine snows. Another day of despondency succeeded. He wandered through empty streets, which, but the dftj before, were glittering with the train of a monarch. He gave a look of bitter disappointment as he passed the proud old council house, where, but the day before Francis had given audience to all, and receiv ed the petitions of every rank of his subjects, with the fatherly kindness which had already so distinguished the reign of the ' good, Urn peror.' Night fell on liis contemplations and he returned to the Sicartz Adler with a spirit as dark as that sable emblem of the House of Hapsburgb. But as he sat at his solitary meal, a new surprise was prepared for him. A stranger wrapped in a cloak, whose em broidery showed that its wearer was a man of rank, entered to discharge some of the no countB remaining after the departure of the Emperor. His voice struck Carara's ear. He looked up and, even under the enormous hat and plume of an officer of the Imperial staff, lie recognised the friend whom he had given up for lost in the Tyrolese snows. The Hun garian stood before him. The enthusiastic and astonished Count in stantly rose and threw himself into his arms. But the astonishment was equally great, if more gravely demonstrated, on the side of the Imperial officer. He gazed on Carara's countenance with a look of fixed incredu lity. However, the recognition was at last complete. The friends sat down to table to gether, and their singular escapes formed a topic which kept them in conversation for half the night. The sudden departure of the Em peror was now explained. 'The Republican French had exhibited symptoms of renewing their attacks on Lombardy, of which the Monarchical French bad in every age been so fond. The time pressed, an insurrectionary movement had been organised In the north of Italy, for the open purpose of assisting a new invasion, and the Emperor had gone at full speed to Milan, to smite the conspiracy, by the promptest measures in the power of the sword.' ' But thiB dress,' be added, ' may tell you iiiy connexion with the Court ; you must come with me to Milan ; yonr memorial will be forwarded with increased influence, by being pot into the Imperial hands through me ; and I shall have the satisfaction of repay ing, in tbe amplest manner, some portion of that debt of hospitality « hich I owe to the Count Carara.'' The Hungarian's narrative of himself was succinct. Be had been carried down by the avalanche, bnt had, like his friend, been cast into a cleft of the rock, which preserved him, though actually burled under some fathoms of snow, until the pea santry, in digging away the wreck, had found him still breathing. Care, an Alpine cottage, and the absence of alt doctors, had restored him ; and having accomplished all the par poses of his Italian tour, lie bed returned to his former station of one of the. staff, and Colonel of the Royal Hungarian Guard. At day break the friends were on the road to the famous capital of the Lombards. If Carara's spirit hBd not been so deeply ab sorbed by the momentons nature of his mis sion, his eye might have revelled long and richly among the landscapes that lay before him as he hurried along the Milanese. The flatness of tbe territory enfeebled it to tbe spectator who had but just descended from the grandeur of the Alpine amphitheatre. But the joyous profusion, the exuberance of co lour, and produce of harvest anr^ fruitage, and the almoBt extravagance of fertility, that co vers the Lombard plains, the whole outpour ing of the cornucopia of corn, flowers, wine, and oil, makes tbe approach to this noble citj one of the most delicious banquets ever offered to the gaze of man. It was now in the full glow of the harvest, robed in its autumnal glory. The land, from east to west, from north to south, was a vineyard. Thousands and tens of thousands crowded every road to tbe capital, with tbe produce of one of the most luxuriant harvests evei known eveo in those fields of plenty. Carara, little accus tomed as be was lo the language of that mag nificent oriental devotion, that high personifi cation of feelings and impressions, which, in scripture, makes the mountains heave with joy, the dew drop sweetness, and the valleys laugh and sing, yet acknowledged the power of nature over the human heart, and won dered anew at the singular disregard of de light which had made him know the difference of summer and winter, only by his lounging on the Corso during the one, and bis lounging at the Opera during the other. [To be continued.] 