We have heard it slated, that Colonel Arthur was not aware, we mean, that His Excellency said he was not aware, of the people on this side the Island being in want of a Commissioner of Affidavits, to save honest creditors the time, danger, and expense of travelling to Head Quarters, a distance of two hundred and forty miles, to swear before the Chief Justice, in time to prevent the eseape of dishonest-debtors. We shall next be told that His Excellency is not aware of the whole colony being ln want of bankrupt and insolvent laws, the law of foreign attachment, and many other useful enactments, and the abrogation of some rather objectionable statutes, When the devil was sinking, he blamed the water; and much upon a par is the mistaken zeal of Colonel Arthur's assumed friends, who, to screen His Excellency from the blame so justly attached to neglect of duty, actually assert his total ignorance, which may be likened to jumping from the frying pan into the fire.'—it is a pity that Colonel Arthur has no real friend to tell him some home truths which be appears to be unac quainted with. It is indeed a pity, in justice to the people so well as to His Excellency. In our last we mentioned that his Excellency arrived here, on Friday evening. On the following.Monday he left us on his return to the favoured side of the Colony —favoured by. bis Excellency we mean for nature has not given it the ghost of n chance of bearing any comparison, with this side.—We have heard of some projected improvements—but we remember the shepherd and the wolf,' 1 or as chil dren say, " promises are like pie crust, made to be broken." However, we will just name the things talked of— First, we are to have wholeseme -water—the female factory—the new barracks, in which will be the magazine—and other much needed buildings are to be erecited~hut when ? aye, that's the ruh!" The present Custom-house, Police-office, Court- house. &c.;, disgrace the administrators of our affairs. And.while, the people are so supine, and the publlcservants sovery callous, they will continue to be a disgrace to them and U*.- We have just received the second bomber of that interesting work " The Itobart Town Magazine," and in addition to its lithographic embellishment, representing with fidelity the Jetty at HobaalTown in days of gone-by happiness ; namely, in the representative reign of ever beloved Sorell, its literary Oonlents exhibit'a decided superiority over those ef No. 1— and even they were decidedly be'.vond mediocrity. The second number recognises the best interests of Tasmania .-—Friendship !—Foots\—Juvenile dramatic literature ! —-Adventure I~-Bushrangers i-— . ,. t-o«ry .-wooes.y • -Antique, manners , worthy' pf jnode^ emulaUon i-r Lines to ,a Vine.!—The, w^r? rior's billet 1—Filial porrcsponderice. ( bow dear, to parents.).!-.^., ic,, &c.;, and much more than.fifty «ignsjof c/ia ^ould lead a stranger to imagine- He who is callous lo the finest -sensibilities of man : might^better amuse -himself at Crockford's, than in a library which-includes Tasmania's monthly offspring ; but to the man of feeling, to the piatriot, to the parent, ana the youthful ornament's of our adopted land, the Magazine furnishes spirit without pqison; and utility, withpleasure. The Ball.—At length the cimmarian cloud which so long lay like a funeral pall, on the social feelings ofthe Colonists, has commenced its flight, and festive sunbeams, beauty's recreation, and gallantry's display, have alertly succeeded it. On Tuesday evening the first Subscription Ball, under the auspices of Capt. Boyd, and Messrs. Lyttleton, Cox, Henty, and Gilles, took place at the British Hotel, and was attended, by more than a hundred of our respectable fellow townsmen, their ladies and daughters. The arrangements reflected" much credit to the parties con cerned, the band was the best to be procured, the dancing graceful, the refreshments excellent, and the company highly gratified. We are particularly called upon to notice the above entertainment in more lines.than mere .cynics may consider to be due to wreathed smiles and lovely .ringlets; but we love, nay almost adore Eve's fas cinating daughters, and are never so happy as when they are blest. Tuesday night most certainly exhibited a more numerous galaxy of elegantly -attired and beautiful witches than ever 'we remember at any former period to have tripped on the light fantastic toe, in the to-be-hereafter celebrated Capital of Van Diemen's Land. Preliminarily to the formation of a Cricket Club among the gentlemen of Cornwall, a marquee was fixed on Wed nesday morning in, the centre of the Launceston Race Course, and two games contested for by some of the most respect able inhabitants. We observed that some of the competitors were not quite Mercuries in speed—but then every allowance was justly -claimable, they having toiled with aealous perseverance at the over night's assembly, to win the approbation of their lady loves by elegant activity. On the whole, however, the affair went off satisfactorily, the proposed Club was afterwards established, and the foundation of an innocent, manly, and healt-invi gorating.game securely laid, amidst the British acclamations of an extensive com- pany who; although fat away from, the land of their birth, cannot forget to de light in its legitimate and gentlemanly recreations. \- . i Te present week has been particularly rife with accidents. On Monday night a free man, named So- lomon Farr, was returning with a bullock cart from this town to Norfolk Plains, the cart was driven with some violence against the stump of a tree in the neighbourhood of Muddy Plains, by which means the unfortunate man was thrown from the cart, and falling upon his head, died a few minutes after. On Wednesday night a truly lamenta- ble accident, through the gross misconduct of some bullock-drivers, happened to Mr. J. E. Cox's carriage, whilst on its passage to Town with the Attorney-General, Mr. Sutton, Captains Gibbons and Neilly by which means not only was the vehicle nearly dashed to pieces, but we are sorry to add, the Attorney-General broke his collar bone, and Captain Gibbons received some severe contusions and Mr. Sutton was slightly injured. Full particulars, however, have not yet reached us— the offenders are in custody, and Mr. Cox, whose skill and steadiness are by every one acknowledged, is spoken of in the very highest terms by his unfortunate passengers; and unequivocally exonerated from the merest shadow of blame. In our next we shall resume the subject. We are deeply grieved to learn that on Thursday afternoon, as the afflicted widow of Peter Lette, esq; was returning home in her gig, she had not proceeded far when the horse became unmanageable, and Mrs. Lette, by jumping out of the gig, severely fractured her leg. But we are happy to add, that through the timely assistance of Dr. Garratt, she is doing well. Though the general salubrity of our climate does not yield a very rich harvest to medical men, yet from accidents the surgeons manage to pick; up a.fair living; and from occasional disease, to which we poor mortals are subject in every zone, from the arctic to the antVrclic, the physician becomes a welcome resident, and a welcome visitor , when needed.—Dr. De Dassel, of whom we have heard most ho nourable mention, has lately, arrived from Sydney; the warmth of that latitude not agreeing with his health. He purposes remaining here and giving us the benefit of his practical skill. The Bushrangers.—These wandering terrors to the Settlers have been again purloining for their winter stock. On Thursday night they were at Norfolk Plains, where they paid visit to Mary Smith's dwelling, and stole from her a quantity of tea, sugar, and tobacco. They took some spoons, but having no particur lar occasion for them they returned them- They also went to a Settler's place, named Darby, but took nothing from him that we have heard of. In one of our morning rambles this week, we were much pleased upon looking ing at a Coffee Shop, in Wellington Street, the first of the kind ever established here, to perceive with what neatness it was fitted up, and the regular manner in which every thing was conducted. In fact, it is a London Coffee-house in miniature. The affray Oatlands, between the people, the civil ahd military powers, shall not be overlooked, so soon as we csn gct authentic material we will show up the parties inculpated. The first stone of the Female Factory was on Saturday last laid, in the presence of the Lieutenant Governor. By an advertisement in another part of this page, we perceive with pleasure that a Tradesman's Ball is about to take place. and will, we understand, be got up in a most spirited manner. We never remember to have seen so much preparation for the ensuing winter season by the inhabitants of Launceston, as at the present time; stacks of hay, toge ther with immense piles of fire-wood, are to be seen rearing their heads in every part of the town. The Launcestonians, like the "burnt child," dread the coming winter. Attempt at Burglary.- On Wednes day morning about five o'clock, Captain Friend, R.N., our esteemed Port Officer, discovered a man in his room, and after some severe scuffle got him secured. The villain proved to be Capt. F.'s prisoner clerk, named Francis Wright; he is fully committed for trial. It is supposed the theif had secreted himself for the purpose of purloining Mrs. Friend's jewels, which she had worn at the ball on the preceding evening. The two drivers of Mr. E. Bryant's carts who were the cause of Mr. J. E. Cox's carriage being upset on Wednesday even ing last, as coming down the Cock'd hat Hill, and mentioned in our 2nd page, were this day found guilty of being on the wrong side of the road, and sentenced to one month each in the road gang. Consider ing the serious injury to the gentlemen who were in the carriage, to Mr. Cox, his vehicle and horses, the punishment is ex tremely lenient, which these men may at tribute to the good character their master gave them. We hope this will operate as a warning to all drivers, who will in- variably find themselves liable to punish ment, and damages can, under every cir- cumstance, be claimed of the proprietors of such vehicles. The building of the Scots church is being gone on with great rapidity; we perceive the roofing is in progress. The Camilla form Sydney is reported to be in the river. 