FARIETIES. Barney Mahoney's First Appearance in a London Kitchen.—The powers of speech bad quite .departed from Barney. Inspiration itself', bad nc.n l; failed him: when, under tlie protection of Jaiiiiis, the foutuian, lie was ushered into the sparionV cheerful,, and well-furnished errvanlViiall. A boarded floor was tbefirtt object (bat attracted tiiV notice; and his awe inrreased us he perceived, that, excepting at (lie ^des of the apartment, It was covered by a handsome carpet. An ample' grate, occupying a tpace equal to (hat of his father's turf-rick, when made up for winter consumption, and Glled«i(!i« blazing coal lire, nexi attracted bis eye. From the numerous assemblage of ladles and gciitltuien (as lie could not but consider them) collceted around the fire, some stitching, some reading, others idly reposing, lie modestly turned lilswbservatina towaids the interminable shelves, upon which were ananged plates, dishes, and other implements, in such incredible confusion, that Barney rubbed bis eyes to convince himself that all was real. The first faculty restored (o him was (bat of mastication; atid, without knowing exactly bow, or by whose meant hit exertions had been developed,' hefouudhimself seated ata side table, discussing the merits of a huge plate of cold href, which, ever and anon, he was urged to liquidate by " doing justice." as it uas expressed, to the porter. Whether there was a systematic intention of penetrating to his ideas, by opening bib month, end the farther, and somewhat sinister attack upon his bend, in the application of Meux's " heavy wet," is not for me to declare. I think it, however, quite possible, that in (his age of refinementand mental march, "the native"was looked upon by the menials of Filiroy-sqnare, as a fine study offered to their especial examination and amutamcnt. In proportion as Harney's jaws began to relav in their operations, lie fouud hie curiosity awakened respecting th« finely-dressed company In which he saw himself placed. Gold lace, and evenepauIetleSj he had seen in Cork; lie, therefore, was at no less in assigning iaqklo James at d th> portly coachman. But who the fine ladies could be, who ao condescendingly allowed theapproachesaud conversation of the men in livery, puziled Barney completely. One of them, to be sure, "might" be a servant ; she was large, coarse, and red-faced, and wore an apron. Our notice felt he could look upon her without awe. Not so boldly, however, did be venture io dirtci his eyes towards a youngerand prettier damsel, who occupied a place at the table, on whioh was placed her work-basket, with some fashionable fallal or other she was preparing. On tlie head of (his lady—no, I beg pardon, not on lie! head, but at some considerable »distance above it, perched ppon a large square comb, was a fly-away cap, of gossamer-like ma terials, decorated with a profusion of cherry colored gauze; beneath this, and falling ou each Mdeof the face, reaching nearly to tie shoulders, were two immense bunches of ringlets, of Ross's orTruefitt's most superb polish. The eyes were not so entirely concealed by these appendages, but that she stole, trom time to time, a glauce at Barney, who, at length, had the mortification of bearing her, iu an audible whisper, address the red-faced female as follows :—" My stars, cook I where can master 'are picked up auclia liobject as this ?—and what, in the name of all that's savage, can'e mean to do with him?" "Object! indeed," tboughtBarney, and his admiration vanished at oncc. "Her masther. too! Oh, (ben, she's uothin' but a tarvint afiher all. So, who's afraid, says Kelleher? whinhetukde bull be de hoins.'"—Croflon Croker's Adventures of Harney Mahoney. ? ? Fortune telling and Credulity.—A respectable looking man, named Phillips, applied at Union Hall for a warrant against Mr. Stiff, who gains a livelihood at astrology, and "is considered the first man in the land at the science." Applicant, some time ago, having lost a valuable book, ap- plied to the reader of the planets to discover the thief, and the wise man, after consulting some books, exclaimed, "I have it;" and forthwith described the person and dress of a young lady to whom applicant had been paying his addresses- was struck with amazement, and his ar- dent love was changed in a few moments to dis- gust and he broke off all acquaintance with one whom he had such goad reason to know was a pilferer. He paid Mr.Stiff his fee, and then became so enamoured with the dark science that be asked Mr. Stiff to adopt him as his pupil. Mr. Stiff was nothing loth, on receiving ten pounds, and he gave the aspiring astrologer several learned books to study. Applicant did read and reflect, but the more he did so, the more he found himself in the dark, he was, after some time, as wise as when he began, and so be ap- plied to Mr. Stiff to have his ten pounds back, as he had not fulfilled his engagement. This Mr. Stiff refused, and now applicant wanted a war- rant against him. The Magistrates pouted at this and the folly of the applicant in believing the astrologer's information respecting the young lady. He had no doubt known that the appli- was courting the female in question, which had enabled her to describe him so accurately, but appeared indisposed to believe the applicant could, on such slender grounds, have broken off with one whom he intended to marry ; but appli- cant assured him that the fact was as he had sta- ted. The Magistrates, however, refused the war- rant, but declared that Mr. Stiff's career should be stopped, and orders were given for his ap- prehension. An Emigrant and a Sheriff's Officer.—A person from Barrhead, tailed in the brig Albion, hound (at America, from Broomitlnw. He had < mitted to say farewell to his creditors, end one of them, in consequence, toukoul n,/ti*a? warrant at Paisley, and armed a Sheriffs officer with it. He jumped iuto a fast crtiizer, and as fortune willed it, overtook the Albion, whipli had grounded off New8bot Isle. The officer dashed boldly alongside, and, seeing bis prey trembling on the forecastle, chockled over his good fuitune. But, heigh bo I miirh happens between the cup and the lip. The officer not being ao expert at grasping the brig's man-ropes, as at seizing the skint of a knave's doublet—lost bold, and as the boat at tlie same moment gave a heel and a yaw, lie ^dropped into tb^faabltation of Davy Jones. The emigrant cheered at this catastrophe, bnt alas! the mate bearing a faint cry of " a man overboard," sprung into the water, caught the officer by (be collar, and kept his head above water (ill aid arrived. Tbe exile once more trembled, but luckily fur liim oue lonp-bole «iill remained. He was on board a sea going vessel, and (he warrant was not conntersigned by a water-baillle— this was a poser to the officer, who was constrained to abandon bis prize. Before tbe signature of a water-baillte eould be obtained, (he tide flowed, the top and ton-gallant sails of the Albion were chock-a-block, and sheeted home, tbe o r- o-ey sung at the bawling of her bow-lines, and away sbesboved past the Cloch 'Lighthouse, wilh her ensign at the mizen peak flapping defiance to all the land-bailies and water-bailies of Caledo- nia.— Paisley Advertiser. . A Deccitful Loter.—Mrs. Daly, about S feet high, with a back similar lo Kicbard tbe Third's, and a " lead us not into temptation" sort of countenance, charged ona Tom Kennedy, a real '' broth of a boy," with promising her marriage, and jobbing her of 2$ " golden soveteign>." It would appior tbat tbe widow fell in love with Tom, and Tom with the widow's money; and, notwithstanding Master Kennedy bad a " rale wife"living,.be promised Mrs. Daly to take her for " bett'-r Or worse." The bans were accord qly published at St. Pancras, but Ibe artful Irishman took especial care logo tu the Chuicli for the celebration of tbe ceremony at a time tthen he knew it could nnt he performed. Tliif apparml act of siuceiity totally set aside all the scruples of the widow, and she at once took oui her money from the Savings' Bank, and placed it in her affianced husband's handr. Tbey then acre id to »pe»d a few days at Brighton, and have the nuptials celebrated on their (urn. Off' they started, and Tom so insinuated himself into the good graces of tbe fair dame, that they made one bed serve them both. One morning, however, her dear Thomas Kennedy was missing from l.cr ride. At once (lie dreadful trnth flashed upon her mind, and she exclaimed, with heartfelt sorrow, " Now, indeed, I am undone." She, however, hastened to town, and after stricl search, found out (he violator of promises. Her rage was Mich that she charged him wilh robbery, and upon her statement Mr. Kennedy was remanded for a week. The above facts at length came out, and'the prisoner was discharged, much to the cbagriu of tbe widow Daly*—London Ob- seiven ? ? Paying the Jury.—The following scene occurred in the Court of Exchequer, Guildhall, after the Lord Chief Baron fLyndhurst) had left (he Court, between the Jury, which had determined some cases, and tbe Usher of the Court. Foreman of the Jury—Usher! Where's oui pay? " Usher--I hive not got it, Sir. Foreman—But you tnuct get it Sir. Usher—I can't pay you to-day, Gentlemen. Foreman—Why not, Sir, pay us^ Usher—Because I have not money Foreman—That •won't do, Sir, for os 5 there are now two days due (o some of us ; and we'll not leave the box until you pay us. Usher—Ecod! Gentlemen, I can'l help ye [laughter from the bystanders]; if il was to make a Lord of me, I have nol (he money (0 pay ye. Foreman [in a rage]—You must pay us. Sir ! —All. Ton must pay us ! Usher—O Lord ! O Lord! Foreman—Come, Sir [Here Mr. Morris aiid Mr. Walters, Clerk of the Court entered, and inquired the cause of the great rlamout and hubbub that prevailed ; and were answered ty a monotonous volley of voices from the Jury box, " Our pay !" [muc/k laughter ] Mr. Morris—Your pay, Gentlemen [/ovg/i(«r.] Foreman—Yes.' (wo days to me; and I'm determined to have theui! This affirmation was followed by other voices —" And I," " And I," "Soam J," &c..; Sec. Mr. Walters—You must have il Gentlemen. I be money was produced, and tbe July being satisfied, departed in peace. Fortune Telling, Desertion, and Bigamy.— At Worship-street, Thomas Trevor, alias Gieenwood Ilaylett, an Irishman, was brought up on a curious charge of bigamy, and of desertion, 16 years ago, from the SOih regiment of foot. A derent looking woman, about 40, stated that she had cohabited with a " very nice" man for II yean. She had six children by him, and be had been veiy kind to Iter, having put her into a comfortable way of bnsinrss. She was as happy as tlie live long day till about eighteen months ago, when a neighbour put it into her head to go 10 a wise man" in High-street, Milt-end, in oid«r to ascertaiu if she would have a husbaud. She saw a very old looking personage, who told her she would, and that he would be fair-haired, and named Trover;" and rure^nougb, your honour's worship," said tbe witness, in less tbanafoitmght,the fait-headed man at the bar,ran>e to my bouse, lo lodge. He professed love to me, but he liad a short courtship, which he excused on the ground that I was not a giggling girl, anil that he was not a beardless boy. We got married, and he has since hehaved very profligate, and tpent all my mouey. I now know he has got a fiist wife, and lie often told me so, as well as that he was a deserter." The prisoner said wilh tnncli " sang frold," that he had enacted (he part of tbe wise man, and when he saw complainant was a derent little woman, he made up a story, and he afterwards went to her house as the fair-haired man. He lived with tier two mon(hs before marriage, and when he did mafrj, lie candid,ly (old her that be had . only " spoused" her to relieve her character. As to the chaige of being a deserter. be bad only to say that the had had him already before tile Magistrates at Bow-stteet, where he was discharged. The Magistrates then remanded the prisoner npon the charge of bigamy, until ihe following Tuesday. Ertraordinary Hctvrrcclion at. an Jnquest.—The Coroner for l'orlland summoned an inquest to, meet on the road about tuo miles frcm Port Antonio, on theinfoimation b'f some negroes going to town early on that morning, llfat iliey had seen a corpve on the road. About eight o'clock lbe ; Coroucraud Jurors proceeded to the spot, whrre they discovered Ihe body, and examined it in due course, to ascertain if any act of violence bad been commilti d. After some very rongh hnhdlings, signs of life were petceived, and Ihe supposed defunct arose, ami beheld in peifccl amazement Ihe assembled crowd. Hamlet's astonishment at the appearance of his father's ghost could nut have been grrater than thnt of the Jurors at ?o unexpected a resuscitation. Ponr blarkey now convincedtliem that hi wan not rea dj to occupy Ills last narroii lioufc. Ilwasas- cerlained that tlio nrgroc had Vcn at iliethrine of the Jolly God the night previous, and not be-v ing a member of the teinpeiuuce oociety had freely indulged himself wilh grog. Ill bis attempt to reach home sleep had got the belter of * his faculties, and trum-fixtd him to the spot where he fell, end was discovered in the moruing ap- n parniily Uie\e>s.— Jamaica Paper. Singular Case of Bigamy.—John Pearman,S3, labourer, was indicted at the Essex adjourned session* for in'ermxrryiug wilh Catherine M\ Caithy, hiB firm wile being at (hat time alive. Freeman, paritli clerk of Chiugfurd, proved (he marriage o( the prisoner on (lie 28tli July, 1831, wilh Catherine Connor. Catherine M' Carlby provedhermarringewiihdieprisoner 1st Ang.,l83l.-\ The Jury found (jbe prisonerjfKi%, and Ihe learned chairman then addressed liim as follow* : " Of , all the cases of (his kind I ever heard of, iliit ig tbe «ror<(, for it appears from (he document*' that while the bans were publishing for your «e- x cond w by license, just three days b-fore your second N marriage. This argues a deliberate seduction of two women at the same time. It is a case of cutn-'S plicated wickedness nnd vice, and is a rtime against the laws, against religion, against decen-v cy, and against morality. What effect punishment may have upon yon 1 canno t tell, but it may have an effect as an example toothers.- The sentence of the Court is that you be transported for seven years." Thank you, my Lord," said s (he prisoner. Mary te-Bone.—On Saturday an individual, \ who said liis name was Eleazer Kees, and that he was a Clergyraaa, having been ordained by \ the Bishop of London, was brought up for being' drnnk on Sunday evening. A policeman stated^ that the prisoner stood at (lie bouses in Grafton street, Fitzroy-fquare, at about six o'clock in the evening of Sunday, beckoning to the ladiea N at (heir uiudowc, and kissing his hands over (bo railings toihem. Several Indies,in consequence, \ retreated from (heir parlour windows. When ha was detiied 10 go on, he nof only at once refused ^ to go nway, but attacked bim (the policeman) with great violence. He was intoxicated at the' time. This evidence was confiimcd by Mi. Kingston, of CirunceMer-plarc, Fiizroy-sqnare. The defendant, on beinn called yn by the ma- > gistrate, said —I have been deprived of my livelihood, and moreover 1 have been disastrous in luve; and yet the ladies gave cncourajment to me, or I never should have beckoned to them. N The Magistrates fined bim 51., aud ordered him to lie taken careof, as ho hardly appeared hilii* ^ right mind.Hesaidhewasformeilyof St. John's College, Cambiidge, aud that he woswell kuown v to Archdeacon Cambridge. _ Lord anel Lady Conyiigham,—Lady Coninghnm was very elegant, took great careof h»r beauty, > dreesi d well, and carried tbe care ot her person solar as to remain in bed the whole day until she dressed (o go tqaball. She was i f opinion that this preserved the freshness of her complexion, which she feid wss always more brilliant when she>* did not risetillnine at night. She was abcamiful idol, and nothing more. I-ord Cotiynghani, her N hnsband, might be called uglv. The Duchess ot Gordon, who, in her frightful language, seine- n times uttered smart things, said of Lord Conyngliam, " thnt he was like a <•< nib, all teeth and ^ hack."— From the Ahiucires de lu Duclia.se iC All- rattles. ' Matrimony.—A very slngularncrnrrenre happened lately in llie bounds of the liev. Thomas Dugall's congregation, of Vinccnsh. Mr. 13u- * gall had risen to marry a respectable couple, and meettl. spread that the young lady hud left her father's house, and fled tu theobject of her firsttfue, who , happened to be iu a field adjacent toTlie bouse. In about two hours after, Mr. Dugal! ww beckoned away, and told that liis services were required in a neighbouring house, where he united this respectable young If male, not to (he person who came to her father's house lo be inanicd, hut to Ihe young man who had gained her affections. It is very rtmarkahle that this is the thiid caseof nearly a s'milar kind which has happened within the last oine months in the tame town laud.— Bel- fast A cws Letter. Thames Police.—A Scvtimrnlnl Pot Girl.—A young Irish Girl, named Kitty Snhiicu, vliosaid she was a pot gill, was charged with attempting to drown herself. The love-sick damsel had been slighted by hei luvir.a lallbrawny roal-whipper, named Maloney, who never mt I her at chapel, according to mutual appointment ; she therefore wort from Ihe chapel to Stone sit-irs.Hatcliff, and threw herself into the iivpr. When, however, the w ater had.Te:n hid her chin, her courage cooled, and she called nut for lulp. which fortunately was at hand in Ihe rhape of aThamis I'olice officer. The poor giilseum'd nslmmed «f lu r wutery trick, and w as di.-dimgcd al'ler an admonition. A Present to F.tu I Grey from South Shields — There was shipped on b"aid the steamer King of Ihe N'otbeilands, at Newcastle Quay, for Earl Grey, a irmarkably fine baron of betf weighing 14-slones, which was sen( by Ihe Reformers of Smith Shields as a testimony of their regard lor (bat Nobleman's public services.— Ca- ledonian Mcrcury. Temperance is the best preventative of cholera. It is stated that not one of the membcrsof lha Tempcrance Societies i» England, Scotland, or Ireland, have died of the cholera ;aud that mora p; inters have died of this tumble scourge than of any 2Maccles- field Couritr. . .1 ProriVon for Lifc.—k laborious special pleader, being constantly inteiruplpd by tb« mewinj of bis farourite cat, at length (resolving to get rid of it) loid his clerk to lake and place the disturber where it might remain in safely, but still where il never could get out. Tbe clerk instantly walked off wilh poor puss in (he lawyer's bac; end on returning, being asked by his masKr whether the noisy animal had been so disposed of that it could not come baek, Ihe cai-cairier drily answered—"Certainly, I have put him where he cannot get out—in tire Court of Chancery!"— Frederick Beynolds's Life and Times. In Spain, before any barrister, attorney, or notary is admitted to piactice, he is obliged to »wear thai he will defend the poor gratis. That this gratuitous labour may he more equally divided, SO are every year appointed fromeachclass to defend llie fioor in civil cases, aud every one is acrounlrd poor who can swear himself worth less than 4,000 reals (401.1 I" criminalcates the accused iseuliilrd to make choice of any barrislerIn Madrid to defend bim. Conundrums.—Why is it more dangerous to bo in a foiosi at this period of the year than any oilier? Because just n«w all the trees ate shooting. Why are you justified io refusing to pay a cowardly hackney coaclmiaiv his demand ? Rec»nso "none but the brave deserves the fair." tfare). —When does a inan resemble a tliin piece of wood? Wh-iihe's a-shutiny. Why is a'sentincl goinpoff Cuard like a tiveiu spring? Because be is relieved (re leaned.) PHIKTlin MD Pl'BLlSIIRU BY . SAMUEL BiII,F.Y D O IPS ETT, of and at THE INDEPENDENT OFFICE, Briibane Ulrtef, Launcifton, fan Uicmen's Lond. 