JSytlney intelligence. The manner in which landlords dis train and sell for rent, is a generally complained of evil, whicli.is, in most instances, injurious to. the labouring classes. The market place, each week, exhibits spectacles that would move any heart oi' a less softer texture th:m marble. A poor man becomes two or three weeks in arrear with his landlord. A keeper is put in, and thekeeper generally proves to be some one or other of the discarded bailiffs of the Court of Requests. The poor man and his family follow the bailiff auc tioneer to the market place, where one or two persons, generally emissaries of the bailiff, buy in a bed worth a pound, for eighteen-pence; and his trifling articles of furniture at the equitable price. The poor man is ruined ; has no means of redress ; and, the general termination of such a scene is, that the oppessed man knocks down the bailiff for his villainy, and gets sent to gaol for the assault. There is no appeal in such cases. The bailiff acts under authority of the landlord, as is presumed ; by this means he escapes from the consequences. [We know no remedy Mr. Re porter for this evil, but thai tenants should leave off drinking half pints. — Ed.J Judge Burton observed in the Supreme Court, on Wednesday, that he wished some one of the profession would bring an action against witnesses, who, after being duly subpoenaed, clid not attend. He should be happy to see such an action brought, and they would be sure of a verdict, where any 'damage had been sustained. Such was the law of England, and it would be acted upon here. Where the costs of the day had been incurred, through the a.bsence of a witness, they could re cover them from him. — Australian. The public are greatly indebted to Mr. Justice- Burton for his zeal in trying to purify our Courts of Justice, as well from the evil of perjury, as from other im pediments. The wheats at Bong Bong in Argyle still holds outj but. that beyond seems irrecover able. The vast downs (very ? high hills some rocky ' but' withou a' tree) of. Maheara, beyond Limestone Plains, in Argyle, are a desert, not a blade of grass on them. The cattle and- sheep are iiv'the scrubs and' look well, generally fat. Where they get their fat' from appears to the traveller surprising, as the country through which ;the high road passes, seem destitute both of grass :and water. We advise all corn on the banks of rivers \\\\\\\\-\ ponds, to be regularly watered with the watering pot, 'till rain come. - Fat cattle are scarce; and sheep for the most part but in low condition ; the black leg lias again made its appearance, and committed extensive ravages in some places; and -ve have heard several instances of considerable quantities of sheep dving with a' disease very/similar in its vhuruiter.! : :1 ' '?''-' ' ',''; . , , . ..-.?:..; .''? -r' .-.?.- chest has been refused for it. People ought to use a substitute, in order to pay off the monopo lists who thus command the market, and rise or lower the price of this commodity, to suit their convenience. . The number of negro slaves in the West Indies, is computed at 800,000. The average value of the negroes, young and old, male and female, throughout the West Indies, is computed at £20 a head. Crown Lands to the amount of about eighty acres, situate at Mrs. Darling's Point, R.iish-rMittino- Rjv Pnit .lar.kson. was sold vpstpr day, at the°rate of from £.2.5 to j£60 an acre — average of the whole, j£39 lls. Id. per acre. Whoever proposes to contract with our Dep. Com..(_ien. for grain, bread, or flour, will act the part of a gambler ; such is the state of the crops owing to. the drought;, unless he;ask £2 a hundred for his flour. - TJb-e wheat fields are giving up the ghost every day.. 'Every twejity-four hours the present, drought destroys an' indefinite number of acres of wheat. Even the barley begins to be in danger. '.?.::? ? The sheep-shearing season has com menced, and it is. anticipated that our . next year's exportation of the' fleece, will very greatly exceed that of the last year, although upwards of 1,000,000 pounds. ? A. further advance of £2 per ton has taken -place in flour, and it is anticipated that the price of that article will be extraoidinarily high in the course of a few weeks. Never trust a; married man with a se cret who loves his wife—for he will tell her — and she will tell her sister— and her sister will tell everybody.-'' : :? ''}'' We recommend the Settlers to plant a dciuble quantity cjf maize' this year. Our mer chants ouglit to havesent a 'month ago for two or thiee cargoes of wheat and- rice- The Curler has been laid on for Lon don-direct. .Part of her dead weight is already engaged, and she possesses superior accommodation. tor passengers. : The news of the burning ; of the Hi bernia, not very old news in Sydney, has again arrived here, via : Salem, in the United States of America.- ? . ? A fine deer, with prime fat haunches, was to be seen at Mr Sharpe's, the butcher, last Monday, it was shot on the Liverpool road. JPrice of flour at Sydney, on the 16th ultimo; from. 17s. to 19s. per cwt. ; wheat from 5s. 3d., to 6s., per bushel. . ? In the Supreme Court on Thursday, Mr. Justice Burton committed no less than three of the witnesses for Wilful and corrupt perjury. Why are' Printer's bills' like faith ? Because they are the substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of things not seen. The new Post-office arrangement for the daily transmission.. of letters and papers, be tween Paris and' .London, has been completed. ? The news from Bathurst respecting the crops are alarming. Vegetation languishes'. Wheat. -The early sown well culti vated fields still, to the astonishment of every one, retain a fine colour and healthy appearance; Dut, if the present weather holds, the crop cannot fail. to be short and light ; as it is impossible the ears can fill without further moisture: the late sown crops have gone off within the month, or have made but slow progress, and little return can be expected' trom them. The price of wheat con tinues to rise' in the interior. At present, at Goulburn Plains, the current price is 9s. per bushel, and many buyers, as most of the graziers begin to find their stock of grain fail short of their wants. , Female Convict Servants. -This class of persons positively find, business sufficient to occupy the whole time of the Magistrates, and the reason assigned by an attentive observer, is the inadequacy of the punishment of their delin qiiences. A much more rigorous measure is about being adopted, which we hope will have the desired effect. In Van TDiemen's Land, where punishment is severe, there is much less occasion for the exercise of it. ['If the women are worse in New South Wales than in Van Diemen's .Land, God help their mistresses. ? Ed. Col.] Extract of a letter from Philidelphia, dated January 4, 1833 : — A strange society of enthusiasts, .called JMa/mon ites, has been formed iri Ohio, and the principles of this sect have spread into this state:: new neophytes are made continually. Jvlarmonism is, in one respect, like St. Simonianism in France: its believers adopt the idea that a community of property is the right thing; therefore all their moveables, chattels, ' latids, and tenements are resolved, into common stock. Their religion is about two years old. The founder . of it, who rejoices in the name of Smith, to which he affixes the baptismal of Joe, declares that he found certain gulden plates, con taining the characters from which the 3ible called ' The ' Marmon Bible' has been translated, in the side of a hill, in the county of Ontarip (,N. Y.) These, through divine unction, (he is ari ignorant tin-pedlar,} he caused to be rendered, by dictation 1 Thus he has laid the substratum of his- new gospel standard, to which hundreds of deluded people have flocked — and continually ' more come flock ing, not with looks down-cast and damp,' but full of hope in Joe's promised revelation. He has called together a fine lot of fanatics in Paines ville, (Ohio), who believe all his testimonies, and are as devoted to their leader, as ever were the followers of Johannah Southcott or Jemima Wil kinson. One of their sayings (taken from the golden plates) is, that the world is coming' to an end at the close of the present ceivtury, and that every portion of it will vanish into chaos, except America ! The Editor of the Courier says : — ' We have had the pleasure to receive a very gratifying letter from our interesting friend, Mr. Holman, the blind traveller, accompanied with the very acceptable present of a copy of his amusing and instructive travels in Kusia and Siberia, and of his tour through France and Italy. At the time of writing his letter, he was residing at Windsor, preparing his travels in these countries for the press. A beautiful print of him has been published, drawn from life on stone, by the emi nent M. Gauci. He is represented holding in his hand the figure of one of our native chiefs, and in the back ground is a view of Adam's peak in New South Wales. -A.N Iron Collar. — Sarah Wallace, lately charged with, drunkenness, gross insolence, using obscene and profane language, wilfully de stroying her master's goods, and outrageous abuse of Mrs. Campbell, was sentenced six calender months in the crime class female factory ; fourteen days in solitary confinement- to wear the iron collar, and to have her head shaven. ? Review. Cape of G-ood Hope. ? An expedi tion, under the auspices of the Governor Sir G. ii. Co)e, has been formed for exploring Central Africa..- , . .... ?? ' ' '????.'? 