NOTES OF SCOTTISH AFFAIRS. FROM THE YEAR 1630 to 1701. The following memoranda, which tend to connect our subjects, may serve for notes to the history of a period as well known as any in the annals of Britain, or as characteristic facts of the manners of the age, are extracted from Lord Foun- tainhall's diary, a very limited edition ( 120 copies) of which was only printed. The original manu- script of the volume is preserved in the Advocate's Library at Edinburgh. It is merely necessary to observe, that the author (Sir John Lander, a distin- guished Judge in the Court of Session, called in courtesy to that station Lord Fountainhall), was a constant, close, and singularly impartial observer of the remarkable events of his time; and while his rank and character gave him access to the best in- formation, he displayed much shrewdness in di- gesting it, and appears to have had the habit of committing most remarkable particulars to writing, The Duke of York (says Lord F.) took leave of his brother, King Charles II., the 20th October, 1630, at Woolwich on the Thames, and, after a great storm, landed at Kirkaldie the 26th ditto, with his Duchess. Thereafter he went to Leslie, till the 29th ditto, free thence to Holyrood House, thence went and saw Edinburgh Castle, where the great cannon called Monns Meg being charged, burst in her off-going, which was taken as a bad omen. A Mr. William Wishart, minister at Wells in Annan, turned papist. It is observed in England, that in the space of twenty years, the English changed oftener their religion than all Christendom had for 150 years; for they had made four mutations from 1540 to 1560\. King Henry VIII. abolished the Pope's supremacy, suppressed abbeys, but retained the bulk of the Popish religion ; his son, King Edward, brings in the Protestant religion; Queen Mary throws it out ; but Queen Elizabeth brings it in again. Royal Injunction.—King James ordered the Du- chess of Portsmouth [not] to leave England till she paid all her debts, because she was transporting £500,000 sterling in gold and jewels, which was seized by the collectors of the customs. Costly Coronation of Queen Mary.— Queen Mary, wife of King James VII., was not crowned with the Imperial crown of England, but there was a new one of gold made on purpose for her, worth £500,000 sterling, and the jewels she had on her were reckoned to a million, which made her shine like an angel; and all the peeresses were richly attired, with their coronets on their heads. The King and she were crowned 23d April, 1685, being St. George's day. Nota.— The crown of Scotland is not the ancient one, but was casten of new by King James V, There was a poem made on the coronation by Elkena Settle, formerly the poet of the Whigs, wherein he mentions Gibby Burnett's reforming pupils, as Shaftsbeare, Essex, and Russell, to be gnashing their teeth to hell at the news of King James' coronation. Political State of Scotland.— The state of parties in Scotland, the clashing of personal and political interests ; the barbarous tortures ; and the executions of their opponents as the different sides prevailed ; the ramifications of the Rye-house plot in this country ; the conflicts of episcopacy, presbyterianism, and popery ; besides private concerns, from many of the illustrative paragraphs of our miscellaneous records. For example, in 1634, we have A Parson fined for getting Drunk.— Mr. Hunter, second minister of Stirling, staged for drunkenness, in spewing after he had taken the sacrament. Kennedy, provost of Stirling, and Mr. Munro, the first minister, were his accusers, 6th April, 1684. He after turned a buckle-beggar, and was suspended if not deprived by the Bishop therefore ; and married in his old age a daughter of Ann Stevenson, a gardener at Habaye Hall. A Hedge Alehouse, or Road-side Inn.— The following semi-burlesque description of a road-side inn, is, in fact, more amusing than consistent with truth— though some resemblance is not altogether incorrect at some distance of time among the bleak and thinly populated mountains. Arrived at mine host's, early or late, " if you are wet, the fire will be lighted by the time you are dry ; at least, if the peat is not wet too. The smoke of wet peat is wholesome ; and if you are not used to it, the inmates are, which is the very same thing. There is neither poker nor tongs ; you can stir the fire with your umbrella ; nor bellows, you can blow it, unless you are asthmatic, with your mouth ; or what is better still, Peggy will fan it with her petticoats."— " Peggy, is the supper coming ?" In time come mutton, called chops (Qu. collops), then mustard; by and bye, a knife and fork ; successively a plate, a candle, and salt. Wben the mutton is cold, the pepper arrives, and then the bread, and lastly the whisky. The water is reserved for the second course. By this time the fire is dying ; Peggy waits till it is dead, and the whole process of the peats and petti- coats is to be gone over again. " Peggy, is the bed ready ?" By the time you have fallen asleep once or twice, it is ready. When you enter it is damp: but how should it be dry in such a climate ? The blankets feel so heavy that you expect to get warm in time. Not at all; they have the property of weight without warmth ; though there is a pulling mill at Kilmahog, You awake at two o'clock, very cold, and find that they have slipped over on the floor. You try to square them again ; but such is their weight they fall on the other side ; and, at last, by dint of kicking and pulling, they become imme- diately entangled, sheets and all ; and sleep flies, whatever King Harry may think, to take refuge on other beds and other blankets. It is in vain you try again to court the drowsy god, and you get up at five. Water being so con- temptibly common, it is probable that there is none present ; or if there is, it has a delicious flavour of stale whisky ; so that you may almost imagine the Highland rills to run grog. There is no soap in Mrs. Maclarty's house. It is prudent also to learn to shave without a looking-glass ; because if there be one present, it is so furrowed and stripped, and striated, either crossways, perpendicularly, or dia- gonally, that, in consequence of what Sir Isaac Newton might call its its of irregular reflection and transmission, you cut your nose if it distorts you one way, and your ears if it protracts you in the opposite direction. The towel being either wet or dirty, or both, you wipe yourself with the Moreen curtains, unless you prefer the sheets. When you return to your sit- ting-room, the table is covered with glasses and mugs, and circles of dried whisky and porter. The fire-place is full of white ashes. You labour to open a window, if it will open, that you may get a little of the morning air, and there being no sash line, it falls on your finger, as it did on Susannah's. Should you break a pane, it is of no consequence, as it will never be mended again. The clothes which you sent to be washed, are brought up wet, and those which you sent to be dried, smoked. The Bagpiper. — In the last volume of the " History and Decline of the Roman Empire," Mr. Gibbon observes, that " Experience has proved that the mechanical operation of sounds, by quick- ening the circulation of the blood and spirits, will act on the human machine more forcibly than the eloquence of reason and honour." Of this remark, the following anecdote, from a Tour in England and Scotland, is a remarkable illustration : " Beyond all memory of tradition, the favourite instrument of the Scotch musicians has been the bagpipe, intro- duced into Scotland at a very early period by the Norwegians. The large bagpipe is the instrument of the Highlanders for war, for funeral processions, for marriage, and other great occasions. They have also a smaller kind, on which dancing tunes are played. A certain species of this wild music, called pibrochs, rouses the native Highlanders in the same way that the sound of the trumpet does the war horse ; and even produces effects little less marvellous than those recorded of the ancient music. At the battle of Quebec, in April, 1760, when the British troops were retreating in great con- fusion, the general officer complained to a field officer of Frazer's regiment of the bad behaviour of his corps. " Sir," answered he, with some wrath, "you did very wrong in forbidding the pipes to play ; nothing encourages Highlanders so much in a day of action : nay, even now they would be of use." " Let them blow then like the devil" replied the general, " if that will bring back the men." The pipes were ordered to play a favourite martial air. The Highlanders, the moment they heard the music, returned, and formed with alacrity in the rear. — In the late war in India, Sir Eyre Coote, after the battle of Porto Nuovo, being aware of the attachment of the Highlanders to their ancient music, expressed his approbation of their behaviour on that day, by giving them fifty pounds to buy a pair of bagpipes. The following (more recent) anecdote is related of Serjeant Alexander Cameron, Piper Major of the 92d, or Cameronian Highlanders, whose merits as a performer on the Highland bagpipes were ge- nerally acknowledged to be of the first wind, though they could not be duly appreciated but by those who felt the inspiring effects of his animating strains on the toilsome march, or amid the thunder of the battle. He served on the Peninsula, during the whole of the late war, and, by his zeal, attracted the notice of several officers of high rank. Lieutenant General Sir William Erskine, in a letter to a friend, after the affair of Rio del Molinas, says, "the first intimation the enemy had of our approach, was the piper of the 92d playing 'Hey Johnie Cope, are ye waking yet?" To this favourite air, from Cameron's pipe, the streets of Brussels re- echoed on the 15th of June, when the regiment assembled to march out to the field of Waterloo. Once, and once only, was this brave soldier missed in his accus- tomed place in the front of the battle, and the oc- casion strongly marks the powerful influence which the love of fame had upon his mind. In a London paper, a very flattering eulogium had appeared on the conduct of a piper of another regiment. Our gallant musician, conscious that no one could sur- pass him in zeal or intrepidity, felt hurt that he should not also have gained this flattering distinc- tion, and declared that, "if his name did not ap- pear in the newspapers, he would no more play in the battlefield !" Accordingly, in the next affair with the enemy, Cameron's "bellows ceased to blow" — his pipe was mute ! Some insinuations against tbe piper reached his ear. The bare idea of his motives being misunderstood was torture to poor Cameron, and overcome at once the sullen resolu- tion he had formed of remaining silent in the rear. He rushed forward, and not content with gaining his place at the head of the regiment, advanced with a party of skirmishers, and, placing himself on a height in full view of the enemy, continued to animate the party by playing favourite national airs. For the last two years of his life his health sensibly declined. He was afflicted with an asthma, which the blowing of the pipes tended to aggravate. Not- withstanding be could not be induced to relinquish his favourite employment, but continued to play, within a very short time of his death, "the gather- ing," for the daily assembling of the regiment. He died at Belfast, October 13, 1817. His remains were attended to the grave by several officers, all the non-commissioned officers, and the grenadier company, to which the deceased belonged. A Ghost Story — Spirits. — There is perhaps no nation or clime either in the civilized or savage state of society, where that very ancient and fan- tastic race "of beings 'ycleped ghosts, is not, under different terms and characters, more or less familiar to the inhabitants ; but particularly to the brave mountaineers in the Highlands of Scotland. Unlike, however, the present puny, green, worm-eaten effigies that now-a-days stalk about our premises, and, like the cameleon, feed upon the air, the ancient race of Highland ghosts, were a set of stout, lusty, sociable ghosts, " as tall as a pine, and as broad as a house." Differing widely in his habits from those of his posterity, the ghosts of antiquity would enter the habitation of man, descant a lee long night upon the news of the times, until the long wished-for supper was once prepared, when this pattern of frankness and good living would invite himself to the table, and do as much justice to a bicker of Highland crowdie as his earthly contem- poraries. Indeed, if all the tales be true, many centuries are not elapsed since those social practices of the ghosts of the day proved an eminent pest to society. With voracious appetites, those greedy gormandizers were in the habit of visiting the humble hamlets, where superabundance of store seldom resided, and of ravishing the grasp of a starving progeny the meagre fare allotted for their support. Beyond their personal attractions, how- ever, it is believed, they displayed few enviable qualities, for, besides their continual depredations on the goods and chattels of the adjacent hamlets, they were ill-natured and cruel, and cared not a spittle for woman or ohild. The truth of the above remark is well exemplified in the history of two celebrated ghosts, who, " once upon a time," lived or rather existed, in the wilds of Craig Aulnaic, a romantic place in the district of Strathdown, Banffshire. The one was male and the other a female. The male was called Fhua Abhoir Bein Baynac, after one of the mountains of Glenalvon, where at one time he resided ; and the female was called Clashneckd Aulnaic. But alhough the great ghost of Ben Baynac was bound by the common ties of nature and of honour, to protect snd cherish bis weaker companion, Clashneckd Aulnaic, yet he often treated her in the most cruel and unfeeling manner. In the dead of the night, when the surrounding hamlets were buried in sleep, and nothing else disturbed the solemn stillness of the midnight scene, oft, says our narrator, would the shrill shrieks of poor Clashneckd burst upon the slumberer's ear, and awake him to anything but pleasant reflections. But of all those who were in- commoded by the noise and unseemly quarrels of two ghosts, James Owie, or Grey, the tenant of the farm of Balbig of Delnabo, was the greatest sufferer. From the proximity of his abode to their haunts, it was the misfortune of himself and family to be the night audience of Clathneckd's cries and lamenta- tions, which they considered anything but agreeable entertainment. On one occasion, as James Gray was on his rounds looking after his sheep, he happened to fall in with Clashneckd, the ghost of Aulnaic, with whom he entered into a long conversation ; in the course of which he took occasion to remonstrate with her on the very disagreeable disturbance she caused him- self and family, by her wild and unearthly cries : " Cries," said he, " which few mortals could relish in the dreary midnight hour." Poor Clashneckd, by way of apology for her conduct, gave James Gray a sad account of her usage, detailing at full length the series of cruelties committed upon her by Ben Baynac. From this account it appeared that her cohabitation with the latter was by no means a natter of choice with Clashneckd ; on the contrary, it appeared that she had, for a long time, led a life of celibacy with much comfort, residing in a snug dwelling, as already mentioned, in the wilds of Aulnaic, but Ben Baynac having unfortunately taken it into his head to pay her a visit, he took a fancy, not to herself, but her dwelling, of which, in his own name and authority, he took immediate posses- sion, and soon after expelled poor Clashneckd, with many stripes, from her natural inheritance ; while not satisfied with invading and depriving her of her just rights, he was in the habit of following her into her private haunts, not with the view of offering her any endearments, but for the purpose of inflicting on her person every degrading torment which his brain could invent. Such a moving story could not fail to inflict a deep wound in the generous heart of James Gray, who determined from that moment to risk life and limb in order to vindicate the rights and revenge the wrongs of poor Clashneckd, the ghost of Craig Aul- naic. He therefore took good care to interrogate his new protégée touching the nature of her oppres- sor's constitution, whether he was of that killable species of ghost that could be shot with a silver sixpence, or if there was any other weapon that could possibly accomplish his annihilation. Clashneckd informed him that he had occasion to know that Ben Baynac was wholly invulnerable to all the weapons of man, with the exception of a large mole on his left breast, which no doubt was penetrable by silver or steel ; but that, from the specimen she had of his personal prowess and strength, it were vain for mere man to attempt to combat Ben Baynac the great ghost. Confiding, however, in his expertness as an archer — for he was allowed to be the best marksman of his age — James Gray told Clashneckd he did not fear him with all his might, that he was his man ; and desired her moreover, next time he chose to repeat his incivilities to her, to apply to him, James Gray, for redress. It was not long before James had an opportunity of fulfilling his promises. Ben Baynac having one night, for the want of better amusement, entertained himself inflicting an inhuman castigation on Clash- neckd, she lost no time in waiting on Gray, with a full and particular account of it. She found him smoaking his cutty, and unbuttoning his habilaments for bed ; but, notwithstanding the inconvenience of the hour, James needed no great persuasion to induce him to proceed directly along with Clash- neckd to hold a communing with their friend Ben Baynac the great ghosht. Clashneckd was a stout sturdy hussy, who understood the nack of travelling much better than our women do. She expressed a wish that, for the sake of expedition, James Gray would mount himself on her ample shoulders, a motion to which the latter agreed ; and a few mo- ments brought them close to the scene of Ben Baynac's residence. As they approached his haunt, he came forth to meet them, with looks and gestures which did not at all indicate a cordial welcome. It was a fine moonlight night, and they could easily observe his actions. Poor Clashneckd was now sorely afraid of the great ghost. Apprehending instant destruction from his fury, she exclaimed to James Gray, that they should be both dead people, and that immediately, unless James could hit with an arrow the noble mole which covered Ben Baynac's heart. This was not so difficult a task as James had hitherto apprehended it. The mole was an large as a common bonnet, and yet nowise disproportioned to the natural size of his body, for he certainly was a great and mighty ghost. Ben Baynac cried out to James Gray, that he would soon make eagle's meat of him ; and certain it is such was his inten- tion, had not James Gray so effectually stopped him from the execution of it. Raising his bow to his eye within a few yards of Ben Baynac, he took an important aim ; the arrow flew — it hit — a yell from Ben Baynac announced its fatality. A hideous howl re-echoed from the surrounding mountains, responsive to the groans of a thousand ghosts, and Ben Baynac, like the smoke of a shot, vanished into air. Clashneckd, the ghost of Aulnaic, now found herself emancipated from the most object state of slavery, and restored to freedom and liberty. Overpowered with gratitude, she fell at James Gray's feet, and vowed to devote the whole of her time and talents towards his service and prosperity. Meanwhile, being anxious to have her remaining goods and furniture removed to her former dwelling, whence she had been so iniquitously expelled by Ben Baynac, the great ghost, she requested of her new master the use of his horse to remove them. James observing on the adjacent hill a flock of deer, and wishing to have a trial of his new servants sa- gacity or expertness, told her those were his horses — she was welcome to the use of them, desiring when she had done with them, she would enclose them in his stable. Clashneckd then proceeded to make use of the horses, and James Gray returned home to enjoy his night's rest. Scarce had he reahced his arm chair, and re- clined his cheek on his hand, to ruminate over the bold adventure of the night, when the Clashneckd entered, and with her breath " in her throat," and venting the bitterest complaints at the unruliness of his horses which had broken one half of her furniture, and caused more trouble in them than their services were worth, " Oh ! they are stabled then ?" en- quired James Grey. Clashneckd replied in the affirmative. " Very well," rejoined James, " they shall be tame enough to-morrow." From this specimen of Clashneckd the ghost of Craig Aulnaic's expertness, it will to be seen what a valuable acquisition her service proved to James Gray and his young family ; of which, however, they were too speedily deprived by a most unfortu- nate accident. From the sequel of the story, and of which the foregoing is but an abstract, it appears that poor Clashneckd was but too deeply addicted to those lushing propensities, Which, at that time, rendered her kin so obnoxious to their human neighbours. She was consequently in the habit of visiting her friends much oftener than she was i-n vited ,and in the course of such visits, was never very scrupulous in making free with any eatables that fell within the circle of her observation. One day, while engaged on a foraging expedition of this description, she happened to enter the mill of Delnabo, which was inhabited in those days by the miller's family. She found the miller's wife engaged in roasting a large gridiron of savoury fish, the agreeable effluvia proceeding from which perhaps occasioned her visit. With the usual enquiries after the health of the miller and bis family, Clashneckd proceeded, with the greatest familiarity and good humour, to make herself comfortable at the expense of their entertainment. But the miller's wife, en- raged at the loss of her fish, and not relishing such unwelcome familiarity, punished the unfortunate Clasbneckd rather too severely for her freedom. It happened that there was a large cauldron of boiling water suspended over the fire, and this cauldron the beldam of a miller's wife overturned in Clashneckd's bosom ! Scalded beyond recovery, she fled up the wilds of Craig Aulnaic, uttering the most melancholy lamentations, — nor has ever been heard of to the present day. THE BILL FOU ESTABLISHING COURTS or LOCAL JURISDICTION.-The object of the Bill is well stated in the preamble-that it is expedient the means should be afforded to the people of this realm of having their suits tried as speedily and as near to their own bouses as may be, whereby ex pence, vexation, and delay may be avoided, and the administration of Justice may be placed ona sure foundation. The piovisions of the Bill may be brought under the following eight heads ?: 1\. Enabling all ordinary causes to be tried imme- diately and cheaply. 2\. Facilitating arbitration, without the expence and delay now incident to it. S Giving universal jurisdiction by consent in all causes. 4\. Introducing the process of cesiio bonorum, and preparing fortheabolitionofimprisomentfordebt. 5\. Establishing Courts of Reconcilement 6\. Extending the new .system of bankruptcy to the country. 7\. Improving equity process, by taking viva voce evidence on the spot. 8\. Giving the general superintendence of the Local Courts to the Superior Courts, for the pur- pose of preventing misdecision, and for keeping the law uniform. 1\. The Bill empowers his Majesty to appoint a Serjeant-at-Law, or Barrister of ten years' standing, for any countr or counties, to be called the Judge in Ordinary of the same, and who shall enjoy all privileges of a Judge of a Court of Record. j The Judge and all the officers of the Couit to be ¡ paid by salaries, not fees The fees to be paid by I suitors. Attorneys to he fixed by a schedule set forth in the Act. The jurisdiction of the Court to bo limited to sums of ¿£"¿0, except by agreement between the parties, in which case it may try actions of any amount. An appeal to be allowed to Puisne Judges who shall sit in Westminster Hall, out of I erra, for the purpose of bearing such ap- peals. The plaintiffs and defendants in all actions may meet before the Judge, and examine each other previous to trial. If the parties desire it, the Judge made decide without a Jury. When a judgment has been recovered, there'may be immediate execution, with leave ot (be Judge ; or if the defendant-fails to discharge such judgment willan ten -days, bo is liable to b* examined on oath by the Judge as to his property, and if "he refuse to answer, to be Committed to gaol until he shall answer, and all bia property of every des ciiption shall be applied to the payment of the debt, after which his person shall be free. The Judge may order the debt to be paid by instalments. Any person mav cire another on whom he has a demand to appear before the Judge, where the mat- ter in dispute mav be heard, being a " Proceeding for Reconcilement." The Judge, on hearing both parties, shall deliver his opinion, which it is optional with them to agree to or dissent from. If they egreei it shall be entered in the " Reconcilement Book,' und have the full force of a deed under hand and zeal. Jurisdiction in Bankruptcy is also given to the Judges, with an appeal to the Lord Chancellor, It is understood that the new Courts, for the pre- sent, will only be established where ibey are most wanted. ANCIENT SHIPS.-A most striking discovery has lately been made, no less that of the long-anticipated Port Pompeii, with its vessels overthrown on their sides, and covered and preserv- ed by eruptive volcanic matter which has thus I sheltered them for so. manv ages. About thirty masts have been found. The obance is, that they will prove to be merely navis oneratit, or ships of burden, which present comparatively few subjects of disputation ; but if a navit longa, of a second or third rate, a biremeor trireme, were found, aome problems which have long exercised the ingenuity of the learned might be «olved.-Scotsman. v, _-.fut, U iii ' . ".ii¡,< ' i ->Ù- 1l«W *'- j" FERMENT IN THE WEST INDIES.--It appears by the tate accounts from Jaraaioa, that the popular ferment has reached a most alarming height ; but the Governor proceeds willi bis measures as re- solutely as if no danger was to be apprehended. Colonel Hilton, of the St. Anne's Western Regi- ment of Militia, has been removed from his command by Lord Mulgrave, foi having, as Choiiman of one of the Colonial Unions,signed Resolutions reflecting on him, in consequence of which a declaration had been signed by all the non commissioned officers and privatos of thal regiment, in'whicb thov characterize the Governor's conduct as unjust tyrannical, and oppressive. Several afterwards resigned. At a meeting of ihe Commissioners of Public Accounts, it II said ihey passed a roBolution not lo assign any funds for the payment of the Governor's salary, on account of his attempts to put down the Colonial Unions. It appears that some timo since the dele- gates of the planters addressed a memorial to the Mi- nistry, claiming secunlyfrom future iuteiferencowitb the slaves, alterations in the Revenue Act, so us to revive the prosperity of the colony, and also that the sectaiinn missionaries might be left to the operation of the laws which governed-the colonists. In the event of a rejection of these demands, they called upon Government for compensation. " And should that be refused," they coniiAued1 " we require that the island of Jamaica: be separated from the parent oountry, and that, being absolved from her allegi- ance to the Briiish Crown, she being free either to assume independence, or to unite heraelf to some State by whom she will be cherished and protected, and not insulted and plundered," Lord Howiok, in a reply dated January 15, simply expressed the re- fusal of Ministers " to discuss with them a series of propositions, which not only involve au avowed in- tention on the part of the British colonists of Ja- maica to resist bv all means in their power certain measures which; it is assumed, that his Majesty, by the advice of Parliament, mny be pltased to adopt, but which also require from his MAJESTY a dismem- berment of bis MAJESTY'S dominions." 