EMIGRATION. "One of the most glaring of all human races -HsistencieB is now in full operation in the mother country. Experience they say teaches fools, and we presume it will be no less in-j Pat instructive after a year or two's trial, to the rush up and unthinking who are now seeking" a remedy vc dy for the sores of public distress at home, in at the very means that must aggravate the dis- this case, it is as clear as noon day that the chief an cause of the misery among the poorer classes throughout the kingdom, is the gross accumulation and misdirection of capital in the hands of a few. Adam Smith has well drawn the distinction between individual and national wealth. Labour is the grand-the primary capital that enriches all countries and where industry is not left free distress must proportionably prevail. If those who have the means in their power, if the government would adopt such measures as would give employment to the labouring poor, distress would soon vanish, the bugbear of over-population would be put to flight, crime would decrease and plenty and contentment cover the land, But riches are justly styled the parent of evil-the more wealth a man possesses, the more he often wishes to possess-he becomes narrow minded, and incapable of taking any enlarged, generous or just views of the condition of his fellow creatures. Thus we see that men of power and influence at home instead of projecting schemes to improve their country-to call into operation the mass of dormant labour of stagnate capital that every where lies like a nightmare on the country-are striving all in their power to get rid of the real sinews of the state, to urge the best and most useful of the people to quit the kingdom, while at the same time they are contriving plans to keep at home in over- grown penitentiaries, instead of banishing them as heretofore, the worst characters that England can produce. Can anything be more preposterous, more contrary to common sense . than such a measure ? Let them send out at once all those convicted of crimes deserving such a punishment, and not keep and accumu- late them at home, committing and recommit r ting them over and over again to gaols until all hope of reform is lost. A writer in the last number of the Quarterly Review chimes in with the general error and proposes a scheme of emigration on a grand scale. The absurdity of the thing however is that these people evidently in the full enjoy- ment of the good things of life themselves in commend those only to emigrate who possess nothing-whereas if but half a dozen large capitalists of half a million each were themselves to emigrate, England would be twenty times more relieved than by the loss of as many hundreds of honest labourers. Labour is as much wanted in England as in any other part of the world, but the property holders prevent it from being put into action. The existence of the evil is very generally acknowledged, but they who chiefly produce state unwilling to confess that they are the cause, and the only permanent or rational remedy must proceed from them and begin by removing that cause.' We have ourselves, says the reviewer, before this expressed an opinion that a great and permanent scheme of colonisation, worthy of this enlightened country, whose resources for the purpose so greatly exceed those here before enjoyed by any, might be founded on the principle of removing annually the excess of labourers which may show itself here, by means of a fund raised through a duty on the employment of these same labourers in the colony, thus taking the cost of the supply of labour where it is so much wanted directly out of the profits made upon its use, and so avoid- ing all expense whatever to the mother country. This however is applicable only to Australia and the Cape, not to the Canadas and anxious as we are that such a scheme should be eventually adopted, and confident of its success, we yet consider the bill now before parliament the fit and proper step to be taken at the present moment, The pressure of the actual redundancy is severe, and requires an immediate remedy and the relief afforded to parishes by this bill will be great and effectual, notwithstanding their being subjected to the full expense of the removal of their papers. This plan will afford a fair trial of the principle of emigration, and pave the way for its future extension, if it be found to produce the advantage which we anticipate from it. (How did the writer know his scheme was applicable here and not to Canada. It is applicable, we suspect, to neither, most certainly not to us. We do, therefore, earnestly hope, that neither prejudice nor party spirit will throw impediments in the way of this most benevolent measure. The evils under which the labouring classes have long been suffering are acknowledged by all and here is a practical proposal for affording them relief, which can do harm to 210 one, since it is left to the option of all the parties concerned to avail themselves of the facilities it affords, and which must, as far as it is possible to anticipate its consequences, be beneficial to all to the parishes and landowners, who will be enabled by it to reduce their rates, and get rid of a great and increasing burden to the colonies, which will gain an accession of the article they so much require labour; to the emigrants themselves, who will exchange pauperism and want for high wages and independence and to the labourers remaining at home, whose condition will be improved by the removal of that excess, which, by its competition, now keeps wages permanently below the fair remuneration for a life of toil. That the country generally will also gain by an improvement in the morals of the lower classes, by the diminution of crime, and the greater security of internal tranquillity, seems equally certain." ' Port down Fair The following graphic description ofjPortdown fair, taken from Capt. Swan tyrant's sketches of the navy, in the last number of the Metropolitan will be amusing at least to some of our native readers, who have never had an opportunity of seeing anything to this kind with their own eyes. It is suppo 5 ft to be related by Mr. Peter Simple, a young midshipman : " We all had leave from the first lieutenant to go to Portdown fair, but he would only allow the old ters to sleep on shore. We anticipated so much pleasure from our excursion, that some of us were up, and went away in the boat sent for fresh beef. This was very foolish. There were no carriages to take as to the fair nor indeed any fair so early in the morning; the shops were all shut, and the Blue Posts, where we always rendezvoused was hardly open. We waited therein the coffee room until we were driven out by the maid sweeping away the dirt, and were forced to walk about until she had finished, and might have taken ouxbreákfagt comfortably onboard my and then to have come on shore, especially as (any we had no money to spare. Next to being too the late, being too soon as the worst plan in the a of world. However, we had our breakfast and we paid the bill, then we sallied forth and went call up George street, where we found all sorts of sig vehicles ready to take us to the fair. We got him into one which they called a dilly. I asked did the man who drove us why it was so called, ' this and he replied because he only charged a shil- on ling. O'Brien, who had joined us after break- of fasting on board, said that this answer remind- the ed him of one given to him by a man who at- A so tended the hackney coach stands in London. per Pray,' said he Why are you called Water- as men?' « Watermen,' replied the man, ' vy, gen sir, cause we opens the hackney coach I mi doors.' At last with plenty of whipping be and plenty of swearing, and a great deal of th laughing, the old horse, whose back curved co upwards like a how, from the difficulty of ve dragging be manis arrived at the bottom of ea Portdown hill, where we got out and walked in up to the fair. It really was a most beautiful by sight. The bright blue sky, and the coloured ( ov flags flapping about in all directions, the grass the so green, and the white tents and booths, the sun shining so bright, and the shining gilt gingerbread, the variety of toys, and variety of noise, the quantity of people and the quantity of sweetmeats ; little boys so happy, and shop people so polite, the music at the booths, and the bustle and eagerness of the people outside, made my heart quite jump. There was I was Richardson, with a clown and harlequin, and with such beautiful women, dressed in clothes all J!! over gold spangles, dancing reels and waltzes, and looking so happy There was Flint and Gyngell, with fellows tumbling over head and heels, playing such tricks-eating fire, and drawing yards of tape out of their mouths. Then there was the Royal Circus, all their ses standing in a line, with men and women standing on their backs, waving flags, while the trumpeters blew their trumpets. And the largest grant in the world, and Mr. Paap, the smallest dwarf in the world, and a female dwarf who was smaller still, and Miss Biffin, who did every thing without legs or arms. There was also" the learned pig, and the Hereford- shire ox, and a hundred other sights which I cannot now remember. We walked about for an hour or two, seeing every thing we determined to go and see the inside. First we went into Richardson's, where we saw a bloody tragedy, with a ghost and thunder, and afterwards a pantomime, full of tricks, and tumbling over one another. Then we saw one or two other things, I forget which, but this I know, that generally speaking the outside was better than the inside. After this feeling very hungry, we agreed to go into a booth and have something to eat. The tables were ranged all around, and in the centre there was a boarded platform for dancing ; the music was so lively that I felt very much inclined to dance, but we had agreed to go and see the wild beasts fed at Mr. Polito's menagerie, and as it was now almost eight o'clock, we paid our bill and set off. It was a very curious sight, and better worth seeing than anything in the fair ; I never had an idea that there were so many strange animals in existence. They were all secured in iron cages, and a large chandelier, with twenty lights, hung in the centre of the booth and lighted them up, while the keeper went round and stirred them up with his long pole at the same time he gave us their histories, which were very interesting. I recollect a few of them. There was the tapir, a great pig with a long nose, a variety of the hiptostomass, which the keeper said was an amphibious animal, as couldn't live on land, and dies in the water however, it seemed to live very well in a cage. Then there was the kangaroo with its young ones peeping out of it-a most astonishing animal. The keeper said that it brought forth two young ones at a birth, and then took them into its stomach again, until they arrived at years of discretion. Then there was the pelican of the wilderness, (I shall not forget him, with a large bag under his throat, which the man put on his head as a night cap ; this bird feeds its young with its own blood-when fish are scarce. And there was the laughing hyena, who cries in the wood like a human being in distress, and devours those who come to his-assistance-a sad instance of the depravity of human nature, as the keeper observed, There was a beautiful creature, the royal Bengal tiger, only three years old, that growden inches every year, and never arrived at its full growth. The one we saw measured, as the keeper told us, sixteen feet from the snout to the tail, and seventeen feet from the tail to the snout ; but there must have been some mistake there. There was a young elephant and three lions and several other animals which I forget now, so I shall go on to describe the tragical scene which occurred. The keeper had picked up all the animals, and had commenced feeding them. The great lion was growling and snarling over the shin bone of an ox, cracking it like a nut, when by some mis- management, one end of the pole upon which the chandelier was suspended fell down, strik- ing the door of the cage in which the lioness was at supper, and bursting it open. It was all done in a second; the chance her fell, the cage opened, and the lioness sprung out. I remember to this moment seeing the body of the lioness in the air, and then all as dark as pitch. What a change! not a moment before all of us staring with delight and curiosity, and then to be left in darkness, horror and dismay ! There was such screaming and shrieking, such crying. Si fighting, & pushing a fainting, nobody knew where to go to find their way out. The people crowded first on one side, and then on the other, as their fears instigated them. I was very soon jammed up with my back against the bars of one of the cages, and feeling some beast lay hold of me behind, made a desperate effort, and succeeded in climbing up to the cage above, not however without losing the seat of my trowsers, which the laughing h} seas would not let go. I hardly knew where I was when I climbed up ; but I knew the birds were mostly stationed above. As soon as I gained my footing I turned round, with my back to the bars of the cage ; but I had not been there a minute, before I was attacked by something which digged into me like a pickaxe, and as the hyena had torn my clothes, I had no defence against it. To turn round would have been worse still ; so after having received above a dozen stabs, I contrived by degrees to shift my position, until I was opposite to another cage, but not until the pelican, for it was that brute, had drawn as much blood from me as would have fed his young for a week. I was surmising what danger I should next encounter, when to my joy I discovered that I had gained the open door crawled myself very fortunate; andthere^«at very ( quietly in a corner during the remainder of the noise and confusion. I had no Been there but a few minutes, when the beef eaters, as they were called, who played the music outside, came in with torches and loaded muskets. The sight which presented itself was truly shock- ing ; twenty or thirty men, women, and children, lay on the ground, and I thought at first the lioness had killed them all, but they were only in fits, or had been trampled down by the ' crowd. No one was seriously hurt. As for the lioness, she was not to be found and as soon as it was ascertained that she had esca 1 ped, there was as much terror and scampering away outside, as there had been in the menagerie, It appeared afterwards, that the and I nial had been as much frightened as we had been, and had secreted herself under one of the waggons. It was sometime before she could be found. At last O'Brien who was a very brave fellow, went a-head of the beefeaters, and saw her eyes glaring. They borrowed a net or two from the carts which had brought calves to the fair, and threw them over her. When she was fairly entangled, they dragged her by the tail into the menagerie. ~*B>l<tt Snakes eat lizards, and generally gorge the head of the lizard and its fore feet first, in which case you see the tail and hinder legs projecting out of the snake's mouth ; but it sometimes happens that the snake seizes the lizard by the tail, when its head, with its bright eyes, will be seen peeping out of the destroyer's mouth, quite alive, and struggling hard, but in vain, to get away. It is well known how slow the serpent tribe swallow their food and as the lizard is very tenacious of life, its lower extremities are pretty well digested before the head and upper parts are dead, or nearly swallowed. There is a number of forest academics in central Germany. The principal branches taught in them are forest botany, mineralogy, zoology, chemistry by which the learner is taught the natural history of forests, and the mutual relations, &c.; of the different kingdoms of nature. He is also instructed in the care and chase of game, and in the surveying and cultivation of forests, so as to understand the mode of raising all kinds of wood, and supplying a new growth as fast as the old is taken away. 