PREFACE To Hood's Comic Annual, 1833. . -after-- . -j For the fourth time I come forth with my volume, which, thanks to mild Critical weather, has now stood through three winters and may therefore lay claim, by Mr. London's permission, to the designation of a * Hardy Annual.' Those only who have been pressed to death by a newspaper, and made to walk through a Valley of the Shadow of Death, haunted by printers' devils, can estimate the ghost-like pleasure I feel in thus appearing again in sheets. Owing to an obscure sentence in the Comic Offering, partaking rather of Burke than Sheridan, my literary, if not bodily departure, was prematurely announced in the Herald, the Atlas and the Metropolitan. " Thrice the Benshce cried." But I have no inclination to be passively tied neck and heels, and thrown into the Lake of Darkness, like the Ganger at the command of the Santipore wife of Rob Roy. I have seen but 35 swimmers, and with regard to my Constitution am strictly a Conservative. As Wordsworth says of a little child, I feel my life in every limb, and indeed I know on high authority, that I am as nearly related to the undying one, as Miss Sheridan herself. That Lady must, therefore, be content to live and let live a little longer and if other parties have wilfully persisted in throwing the pall over mc, they will find by this volume that they have neither gained their end nor mine. To pass to a death which I heartily wish could be contradicted, as easily as my own, the reader will find some verses which allude to One, who has now left both Mortality and Immortality behind him. I feel it necessary to state that the poem was composed some months before that event, and in a tone of pleasantry, which would not now accord with my feeling in writing of the Master Genius of the age. Farewell, Sir Walter Scott, secured From Time our greatest of Inditcrs! No Author's fame's so well assured. For all who wrote were Under writers. Amongst other favours, I have to thank S. te- Gibbons, Esq. to whose kindness and con ist nexion with the East India trade. I am in debt he ed for the specimen of Chinese humour which lid is figured at page 43. It was drawn by an will artist of the name of Hume native of the srB Celestial Empire. it- The beautiful frontispiece I owe to the or- kindness and pencil of Harvey's name to ;xt which my blood and my book owe equal acknowledgment. One Harvey discovered my of ' circulation, and the other will assuredly in he j crease-it. so- I feel bound in extra boards and common in justice to state that a Gentlemen who has ever used the papers relative to the Farm of the-] Zoological Society, assures me, on the honour of a Fellow, there is no such person as Stephen Humphreys on that establishment. " Perhaps it is also due to Sir Francis Free lines to declare that, however kindly he regards this work in general, I am not indebted to any of Hit at connivance on his part, for the unusual number of strictly private" letters, both Foreign and Domestic, which transpire in the following pages. 