New South Wales Intelligence- Sydney Journals to the 23d October, have reached us during the past week, from which we give the following extracts. Of the weather, and the prospect of the crops, they write thus — "The early-sown well-cultivated fields still, to the astonishment of every one, retain a fine colour and healthy appearance; but, if the resent weather holds, the crop cannot fail to be short and light, as it is impossible the ears can fill without further moisture: the late sown crops have gone off much within the month, or have made but slow progress, and little return can he expected from them. The .price of wheat continues to rise in the interior. At present, at Goulburn Plains, the current -price is 9s. per bushel, and many buyers, as most of the graziers begin to find their stock of grain fall short of their wants."—Sydney Gazette, 12th October. Whoever proposes to contract with our Deputy Commissariat General for strain, bread, or flour, will act the part of a gambler ; such is the state of the crops owing to the drought; unless he ask 40s. a hundred for his flour."— Monitor, Oct. 12. The wheat fields are giving up the ghost every day. Every twenty four hours, the present drought destroys an indefinite number of acres of wheat. Even the barley begins to be in danger. We recommend the Settlers, to plant a double quantity of maize this year. Our Merchants ought to have sent a month ago for two or three cargoes of wheat and rice. The wheats at Bong Bong, in Argyle, still holds out; but that beyond seems irrecoverable. The vast downs (very high hills some rocky but without a tree) of Maneara, beyond Limestone Plains, in Argyle, are a desart,—not a blade of grass on them. The cattle and sheep are in the scubs and look well, generally fat. Where they get their fat from, appears to the traveller surprising, as the country through which the high road passes, seem destitute both of grass and water. We advise all corn on the hanks of rivers and ponds, to he regularly watered with the watering pot, till rain come.—Ibid Oct. 16. Quotation of prices the same day was, fine flour, 19s.; seconds, 17s. ; best heavy bright wheat, 6s.; inferior,5s. 3d.; average,5s.6d. The new moon has set in sultry and hot, and the dews, which had saved same of the wheat fields on this side the Mountains, have disappeared with the old moon. There is now every prospect of a total failure of our wheat crop, and of consequent distress arising from want of bread, We again exhort the Settlers to plant abundant of maize. Never mind its being eaten by the grub before the rain fall. If it be, plant again. The planting season extends to Christmas.—October 19. The weather is daily finishing the work of destruction. Nothing but arid winds without rain. We have however been happy to learn, that while the late-sown wheats all over the country are gone, the early-sown wheats are likely to produce on the average two-thirds of a crop. We have no means of ascertaining what proportion of the early-wheats (now mere faded stalks) bear to the whole of the wheat isown last winter; but it must be very large. We are therefore of opinion, that all the wheat which the sister Colony may be able to spare us next autumn, will not be sufficient to keep down the price of wheat below 10s. a bushel. The wheats of Argyle, and the upper parts of Hunter's River (beyond Maitland), may be calculated to be totally unproductive, unless rain fall immediately. The wheats on this side the mountains, and on this side Maitland will produce, it is now generaly ascertained, two thirds of a crop even if- rain do not fall.— October 23. Tea has risen in price.—£7 10s. a chest has been refused for it. People ought to use a substitute, in order to pay off the monopolists who thus command the market, and to rise or lower the price of the commodity, to suit their convenience. We have been informed (although we are somewhat inclined to doubt our authority), that H. M. Store Ship Buffalo, now in Sydney Cove, is the same vessel that visited this distant part of His Majesty's dominions, during the administration of Governor King We have, therefore, been induced to refer to the Sydney Gazette for information respecting this vessei, and in a file of that paper now before us, we find in vol. 1 No. 7, dated 17th April 1803, the following paragraph, which we insert, and we trust it will not be unacceptable to our readers, as it shews, that at so early a period of the Colony, public entertainments were given in a manner that would not disgrace it at the present day:—"On Tuesday last a grand fete was given on board His Majesty's ship Buffalo, by Captain Kent, at which were present, His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. King, Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Paterson, with several Officers. Civil, Military and Naval, and the wives of those who are married. The Buffalo was dressed with colours, and the yards manned; and on the Governor's going on board, he was saluted with 15 guns. The ladies were received by Mrs. Kent, who did the honours of the table. At 4 o'clock, the company sat down to a hospitable and plentiful dinner. In the evening the Band of the New South Wales Corps was introduced, dancing took place, and at a late hour after supper, the company withdrew, highly gratified and amused with their entertainment." The Sydney Monitor of the 12th ult, gives the following account of the new Colony at King George's Sound : — The Buffalo arrived at the Sound on the 13th of September, with Sir Richard Spencer the new Lieutenant Governor; Lady Spencer, and nine children, and eleven servants, chiefly agricultural labourers. Sir Richard brought out some live-stock from England with which to stock his own Estate, and other requisites for a settler who sits down on his farm, which is to be his future stay, and that of his family. On his arrival, he found 36 souls forming the Settlement at King George's Sound, composed of two or three settlers and their servants, and the officers and troops sent there for their protection. The Government at Swan River had neglected to send the usual supplies for the iroops, and when the Buffalo arrived, their rations had been reduced to four oz of-peas and half a pound of flour a day, for each person ; they had, however, abundance of vegetables, fowls, eggs, pigs, &c.; Previously to leaving England, Sir Richard had stipulated with the Government, that no prisoners should be sent to the Settlement. Great numbers of Emigrants were preparing to embark for the Sound. Sir James Stirling, who is daily expected to resume the Governorship of Swan River, had purchased a large tract of land at the Sound, and was to bring out large supplies of stock, &c.; This shows that Captain Stirling is at length convinced, that his first representations of the fertility of Swan River were erroneous; or at any rate, that the latter is inferior to King George's Sound by many degrees. Colonel Arthur had also taken up a large tract of land at the Sound, and was about embarking a large capital in the speculation. A company of Quakers had also purchased land there to the amount of £30,000 and were expected to buy more. The capital of the Quakers was raised by shares of £500 and several of the company were on tbe eve of embarking with their families to settle there. In consequence of the supplies for the troops not having been forwarded from Svran River, the Buffalo supplied the Colonists with provisions, but not with any live stock. The live stock landed, was the property of Sir Richard Spencer. The harbour is one of the finest in the world. The entrance to the Sound is defended by two islands, which break the force of the wind. The bottom is of fine sand and shells; and there is safe anchorage for any number of vessels in the Sound itself. The harbour of Port Royal is situated to the left hand, as you enter, and at the head of the Sound. It is completely land locked, and affords secure anchorage in four fathom water, for almost any number of vessels. The Settlement is situate on the East side of Port Royal. On the right hand of. the Sound, as you enter, is another extensive harbour, called Oyster Harbour. The entrance to this harbour is destroyed for the entrance of vessels of large burthen, by a bar; which extends across the entrance, and which has only eight feet water on it. For small vessels, it affords secure anchorage; and the fine sandy beach offers every facility for landing. This harbour is also completely land locked. During his stay, Doctor Hamilton explored the country in the vicinity of the Sound; he describes the soil as being of good quality. He made a collection of plants, which have been pronounced by Mr. Cunningham, to embrace a greater variety than can be found here. This, however, proves nothing as to the goodness of the soil. The harbours abound with the finest fish and the country with plenty of Kangaroo, which latter forms a.standing dish with tbe settler. The vegetables are abundant, and of superior quality, and grow luxuriantly without expensive cultivation. One settler had put in a small patch of wheat for the next year, but until the arrival of the Buffalo, the settlers had been deterred from cultivating with spirit, being in ignorance of the final intentions of the Government as to keeping up the Settlement. A farming or farmer settler had a fine little patch of barley wh'ch he was now determined to transplant, to enlarge the crop. The merchant ship Governor Sterling had arrived at the Sound previously to the Buffalo leaving, with stores and settlers. She brought an account of the Brilliant being at the Cape with stores, sent out for the Settlement by the Government Several settlers and their families were in the Brilliant. The settlers were sanguine as to their prosperity. A river of goodly size, empties itself into Oyster Harbour from the south-east, up which boats of burthen made their way a long distance, and as far as they had explored, met with no impediment. The land on each side seemed of very superior quality. Shoplifting is now a favorite pursuit with the light-fingered gentry of Sydney ; several cases of which, occurred during the past week. One man called at Mr. Streets, the watch-maker, on Thursday last, and having been shewn a watch, which he said he wished to purchase unceremoniously ran off with it, and was lost sight of. Mr. Weiss, haberdasher of King-street, discoved on Friday last, that a pane of glass which had been put in the shop window on that morning, had been removed, and a quantity of shirts, a bonnet, and other articles stolen therefrom Mr. Weiss, and others, were in the shop during the time, but so dexterous was the thief, that no notice was taken of the occurrence. A woman named Mary Ann Franks, was given into the custody of the Police by a publican named Donnolly, on the rocks, charged with having stolen several articles of wearing apparel, whilst being served with some spirits, for which she had called, on going into the house. Several of the articles were found on her person. CORONER'S INQUEST.—On Saturday last, an inquest was held at the Wheat Sheaf, on the Parramatta road, on the body of a man named Richard Whyle, who had been admitted, some days previously, into the benevolent Asylum, and died about ten o'clock on Saturday morning. It appeared that he had been living on the Brickfield Hill, and was in the habit of going to the house of one Richard Carter, opposite his residence. On the night in question, the son of Carter had come to his father's house at a late hour, and endeavoured forcibly to obtain admission at the front door; in this he was foiled, but he contrived to gain admission attlie back of the house. Upon getting in, he retired to the front room, in which his father and the deceased were in their beds; and he seized the latter (who was 68 years of age) by the collar, dragged him out of bed with great violence, threw him on the ground, and with his knees and all his force, jumped on his belly, having previously kicked him three or four times. The old man was subsequently taken to the Asylum, where he lingered in great pain until Saturday, and then expired. After a minute investigated, which lasted half-past twelve o'clock, until a late hour in the evening, the Jury returned a verdict of Wilful Murder against W. Carter, Junr. The culprit, who is a prisoner of the' Crown, and about twenty-eight years of age, absconded, and no tidings have, as yet, been heard of him. 