East India Intelligence. A report is in circulation at home, that the Marquis of Anglesea will be appointed Governor General of India. Benjamin Heath Malkin, Esq. M.A. late Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, has been appointed Recorder of Prince of Wales Island, in the place of Sir John Thomas Claridge, Knt.; removed by order of the King in Council. We understand that Government have positively refused to sanction the formation of the projected Camp in the Upper Provinces, and that rumour speaks of several of the independent Prin- ces having already begun to arm, deeming that such a force could only be assembled with a view to ultimate conquest and extension of territory. The Bishop of Calcutta was to leave England so as to reach India by the latter end of October or beginning of November. The Great Gun at Agra, has been or- dered to be cut up and sold in pieces of about 10 seers at public auction; the lots not to go for less than 14 annas per seer. AMERICAN NAVY.—The number of seamen belonging to the United States is 103,000; of whom there are in the foreign trade 50,000; in the coosting trade 25,000; in the cod fishery 10,000; in the whale fishery 5,000; in steam vessels 1000; in the United States Navy 6000. EAST INDIA COMMERCE.—The num- ber of vessels which are reported at Anjeer passing the Straits of Sunda in 1831 out and home, was 238\. Of these 50 were Dutch out, and 54 home; American 29 out, 29 home; English 28 out 27 home; French 2 out and 1 home; Russia 1 out; Swedish 1 out, and Danish 1 home. CHARACTERISTIC.—"I hope to see the time," said Lord Brougham, "when every poor man in the country will be able to read Bacon." "It would be much more to the purpose,” observed Cobbett, if he could give every poor man the means of eating bacon. CURRAN’S INGENUITY.—A Farmer, attending a fair with a hundred pounds in his pocket, took the precaution of depositing it in the hands of the landlord of the public house at which he stopped. Having occasion for it shortly after- wards, he resorted to mine host for the bailment, but the landlord, too deep for the countryman, wondered what hundred was meant, and was quite sure no such sum had ever been lodged in his hands by the astonished rustic. After ineffectual appeals to the recollection, and finally to the hon- our of Bardolph, the farmer applied to Currran for advice. "Have patience, my friend," said the counsel, "speak to the landlord civilly, and tell him you are convinced you must have left your money with some other person. Take a friend with you, and lodge with him another hundred in the pre- sence of your friend, and then come to me." We must imagine and not commit to paper, the vocif- erations of the honest dupe, at such advice; how- ever, moved by the rhetoric or authority of the worthy counsel, he followed it, and returned to his legal friend. "And now, Sir, I don’t see, as I’m no better off for this, if I get my second hundred again: but how is that to be done? "Go and ask him for it when he is alone," said the coun- sel. "Ay, Sir, but asking won’t do, i’ze afraid, without my witness at any rate." Never mind take my advice," said the counsel; "do as I bid you, and return to me." "The farmer returned with his hundred, glad at any rate to find that safe again in his possession. "Now, Sir, I suppose I must be content; but I don’t see as I’m much better off." "Well, then," said the the counsel, "now take your friend with you, and ask the land- lord for the hundred pounds your friend saw you leave with him." We need not add, that the wily landlord found his had been taken off his guard, while our honest friend (whom one would almost wish to have tried two the second time) returned thanks to his counsel exultingly, with both hundreds in his pocket.—Legal Adviser. LORD AND LADY CONYNGHAM.— Lady Conyngham, since she become so celebrated in England, was then in the bloom of her charms. In this respect she was entitled to a brilliant re- putation; but I confess, I could never admire beauty so totally devoid of expression. I am not surprised at the Venus de Medicis not returning my smile, because she is a statue, and nothing but marble; but, when I approach a beautiful woman, I expect a look and expression of ani- mated nature. This was not to be found in Lady Conyngham. She was very elegant, took great care of her beauty, dressed well, and carried the care of her person so far as to remain in bed the whole of the day, until she dressed to go to a ball. She was of opinion, that this preserved the freshness of her complexion, which she said was more brilliant when she did not rise till nine at night. She was a beautiful idol, and nothing more. Lord Conyngham, her husband, might be called ugly. The Duchess of Gordon, who, in her frightful language, sometimes uttered smart things, said of Lord Conyngham, that he was like a comb, all teeth and back.—From the Me- moirs de la Duchesse d'Abrantes. WILL OF AN EARL OF PEMBROKE.— Imprimis. For my soul, I confess, I have heard very much of souls, but what they are, or whom they are, or what they are for, God knows, I know not; they tell me now of another world, where I never was, nor do I know one foot of the way thither. While the King stood, I was of his his religion, made my son wear a cassock, and thought to make him a Bishop; then came the Scots and made him a Presbyterian; and since Cromwell entered, I have been an Independent. These, I believe, are the kingdom’s three estates; and if any of these can have a soul, I may claim one; therefore, if my executors do find I have a soul, I give it to him who gave it to, me.—Item. I give my deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know will preserve them, because he denied the King a buck out of his own park.—Item. I give nothing to Lord Say; which legacy I give him, because I know, he will bestow it on the poor.—Item. To Tom May, I give five shil- lings: I intended him more; but whoever has seen his History of the Parliament, thinks five shillings too much.—Item. I give Lieutenant- General Cromwell one word of mine, because hitherto he never kept his own.—Item. I give up the ghost. PEMMEKIN.—Does the reader know what Pemmekin is?—Should he be not so far in- formed, we will tell him, that Pemmekin is a name given to the previously innominate mass formed for the nourishment of the sailors who, went under Captain Parry’s command to the North Pole—a concentration of the nutritious qualities of meat, so powerful, that fifty pounds of beef, make about a square inch of it—as much of it, scraped, as will lie on a shilling, will feed a fellow six feet high and four feet broad, for twenty-two hours; and its great merit is, of course its portability; and its utility must be evident to the most inveterately prejudiced landsman, when he comes to consider that Jack can carry a quarter of a bullock in his tobacco-box, and stow away half a dozen hams and a fillet of veal, in the fob of his trowsers. MADAME LELITIA BUONAPARTE.— By the death of this lady, nearly 70,000,000 of francs will be added to the fortune of Lucien Buonaparte. Madame Mere, who was enriched by the gifts of her son, and still more by her own economy and the prudent management of her for- tune, never seriously assumed the elevated part which unexpected events assigned to her.—When she had been urged to increase her household es- tablishment, she has been heard to say—"I must be economical; one day or other all these Kings will be coming to ask me for a dinner, and I must manage so as to have something to give them." She was one of the most beautiful women of her time. CATCHING TURTLES.—The turtle-fish- ers, on the coast of Cuba and parts of the South American Continent, at night wait until the turtles come upon the sands, when they turn them over upon their backs, and leave them in that helpless position to be removed next morning. It some- times requires two or three men to turn them over when large; and if it be not done quickly, they will beat up the sand with their fins in such a manner as almost to blind their assailants. The shells on the backs of the large ones are so flat as to render it quite impossible for them to recover their upright position. CHOLERA AT LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 6.— New cases, 31; deaths, 11; recovered, 41; re- maining, 179. 