w k Emu \wt\:n. CHOLERA MOUNT, lying Place for Patients who have died .¿*'"*'«/? Cholera ;, Orpleasant eminence in Sheffield Park. BY JAMES MONTGOMERY. ' (From Blackwood's Magazine.) students divided from their dearest kin, ' This is " a field to bury strangers in :" fragments lie here of families bereft, the limbs in battle-grounds by warriors left A sad community whose very bones Might feel, methinks, a pang to quicken stanes, "? And make them from the depths of darkness cry, " Oh is it naught to you, ye passers by ! 4 When from his earthly house the spirit fled, Our dust might not be a free among the dead V Ah why were We to this Siberia sent, Doom'd in the grave itself to banishment V Shuddering humanity asks-" Who are these 1 ; And what their sin V-They fell by one disease I ' (Not by the Proteus maladies, that strike Mnn into nothingness not twice alike ;) By the blue post, whose gripe no art can show, No force uriwrench--out-singled one by one ! ''When, like a timeless birth, the womb of Fate * Berea new death of unrecorded date, "And doubtful name. 'Far cast its race begun, Thence round the world pursued the westering sun The ghosts of millions following at its back, "AVboBO desecrated graves betrayed their track On Albion shore, unseen, the invader steps ; 'Secret, and swift, and terrible it crept At noon, at midnight, seized the weak, the strong, Asleep awake, alone, amidst the throng, Killed like a murder fixed its icy hold, , And wrung out life with agony of cold ; "Dor story's its vengeance where it caused the prey, 'But set a'raark.like Coin a, upon their clay, And this tremendous seal impressed on all, "" Bury me out of sight, and out of call." Wherefore no filial foot this turf may tread, Ko kneeling mother clasp her baby's bed ; No maiden unespoused,Avith widow's sighs, Seek her soul's treasure where her true-love Hob j still stand aloof, and garing from afar, \ Look on this mount as on some baleful star, Strange to the heavens, that with bewildering light, Like a lost spirit, wanders through the night, Yet many a mourner weeps her fallen estate, In many a home by them left desolate ; Once warm with love, and radiant with the smiles Of woman, watching infants at their wiles, Whose eye of thought, while now they throng her knees, . Pictures far other scenes than that she sees, For one is wanting-one, for « whose dear sake, Her heart with very tenderness would ache, As now with anguish-doubled when she spies ' In this his lineaments, in that his eyes, . "In each bis image with her own commited. And there at least, for life, their union fix'd ! Humanity again asks-" Who are these 1 And what their sin IV-The fell by one disease"! But when they knocked for entrance at the tomb, Their fathers' bones refused to make them room ; Recoiling Nature from their presence Bed, As though a thunderbolt had struck them dead ! Their cries pursued her with the thrilling plea, * " Give us a little earth for charity !" She lingered, listeners all her bosom year's The mother's pulse through every vein return'd 5 Then, as she halted on this hill, she threw her mantle wide, and loose her tresses flew. "Lived" to the slain she cried, " My children, lived This for an heritage to you I give ; Had Death consumed you by the common lot Ye, with the multitude, had been forgot ; Now through an age of ages ye shall not." Thus Nature spake - and as her echo, I Take up her parable, and prophesy : Here, as from spring to spring the swallows pass, Perennial daisies shall adorn the grass ; Here the shrill skylark build her annual neat, And sing in heaven, while you severely rest j On trembling dewdrops man's first glance shall shine, Eve's latest beams on this fair bank decline, And oft the rainbow steal through light and gloom, To throw its sudden arch across your tomb ; On you the moon her sweetest influence shower, And every planet bless you in its hour. With state her honours still, in Time's slow round, Shall this sepulchral eminence be crowned ; Where generations long to come shall hail The growth of centuries waving in the gale, A forest landmark, on the mountain's head Steudiiig betwixt the living and the dead ; Nor, while your language lasts, shall travellers cease To say, at sight of your memorial. "Peace !" Your voice of silence answering from the sod. " Whene'er thou art prepare to meet thy God !" 