THE TORIES, THE WHIGS, & THE COURT. From Tait's Haoazihe. There are no men in the world comparable to the Tories in resignation, excepting always the resignation of places, for which they are by no means remarkable-. The Catholic Relief Bill was pronounced by the sage Eldon, the extinguisher of the sun of England. Reli gion was to cease with it ; idolatry to begin. The Pope was to take possession of Lambeth Palace; O'Connell to seize the crown; and martyrs to be broiled in Smithfleld,— but hold; let us not falsify the prophet— it was not 0' Connell who was to seize the crown, but the Duke of Wellington, then charged with keep ing George the Fourth in duresse in Windsor Castle, for designs of ' the loftiest and the most atrocious ambition,' in which he was said to be seconded by the arch-apostate and arch-traitor Peel ! Who can forgrt that memo rable day, when one Mr. Halcomb set off for Windsor, with the orthodoxy of the empire in u glass coach, and the hope of comforting and encouraging the enthrallpd monarch to save the Faith and the Constitution! But even that grand effort failed ; the champions of Pro testantism look nothing but the dust of Ihe road by their motion, and the Faith and the Constitution were in due course destroyed. Vet the Tories survived I and what is stranger still, three short years after the utter demoli tion of the Faith and the Constitution, they took to themselves the name of the Conserva tive Party, and set at their head the des rov ers Wellington and Peel. When we look back to the vaticinations of 1829, it is wconceiva able what the Conservatives of the last year can have proposed to preserve. Having be wailed the ruin of all things, what pretext had thev for concerniiic themselves de qwhus iamaliUm peril. But this is their genius. One day they cry all is lost, and the next mo ment they are full of zeal to preserve. Before the passing of the Reform Bill, chaos would follow it. Instant anarchy and revolution were in its train. A wild democracy wus to sweep away property and institutions. Nothing, it was affirmed, could stem the devastating rush of those most dangerous of human beings, the Ten Pound Householders. But hardly had the Bill become law, before we had again occasion to admire the resigned mood, the accommo dating temper of the Tories, who, instead of reckoning od the coming together of heaven and earth, coolly began to speculate on the next election, and to promise themselves all sorts of advantage from it. Instead of sup posing, now, that the new law must prove a besom of destruction, they calculate on mak ing it a very convenient tool for their peculiar purposes. Thus, after the consummation of the alleged revolutionary measure, fraught with inevita ble ruin, we find the Tories as active and con fident as ever, and exerting themselves as if the world would last their time, notwithstand ing the Ten Pound Franchise. The Court is not so ensily reconciled to the authors of the change as tue Tories are to the change itself. The King's refusal to give the royal assent in person to the Reform Bill sufficiently denotes his disposition. Had he given the assent in person, it would not have been a conclusive proof of his approbation, it might have implied no more than the policj of making a virtue of necessity,— but the de. nial of the acceptable act of grace which pru dence would have dictated, indicates a deep seated aversion, which has its vent in petu lance Bfter the will has been compelled to submission. With this bitter tide Lord Grey will have to struggle. Long have the more knowing Tories seen, that the Reform Bill was the Whig's tenure of office. Long, among themselves, have they remarked, that, until the Bill should pass, there was no prospect of turning out the mi nistry. They are now full of hopes. Let us nni deceive ourselves. Lord Grev is haled at Court. He will either retire in disgust upon the passing of the Irish and Scotch Bills ; be dismissed ufter a series of petty compliances with the dictation of the Court and the exBC tions of favourites ; or he will be Minister in ipite of the King ! If he retire, the Ministry must be patched up with Tories or Radicals; for an unmixed Whig Government there is not the material which would have the support of the country. If it he soldered with Tories, it will be the figure of clay with claws of brass which cannot hold together. The great ma jority of the Tories, the great majority of the Whigs, and all the Radicals, will be against it: If it recruit from the Radicals, the ex treme party will soon absorb the middle, and we shall in a short time have a fair trial of the democracy, without any sudden transition. But suppose the second case, that Lord Grey continues in power, hoping to avoid rupture with the Court, by opposing himself to the reform of abuses in Church and State. The only effect will be that he will lose the sup port of the people, and fall when he his help, less— friendless and disgraced. The Whigs should see that their policy is to stand and fall, if fall they must, on popular ground ; in which case they will be restored as before by the efforts of the people. They have kept office for monttiB against the Court, and they may continue to keep it against the Court, and only because they have made a handsome point of difference with the Court. They will be flung out the moment they cease to have a nnnnlnr mmrrel with the Court. A bill for Triennial Parliaments, an extensive Church Reform, a sweeping plan of retrenchment, would renew their lease. The moment the Court has them without a national object, it throws them out. There is no reconciliation for th«-m,— the Tory courtiers will take care of that, aided by the tenacity of resentment, which lias been remarked in the breasts of Kings from the time of Homer to (lie present day ; and whenever they think they can pro pitiate, they will surely destroy themselves. Carrying on his present popularity, Lord Grey may be minister in spite of the Court. The po sition may not be a pleasant one to a roan of the aristocratic reverences ; but he will have to consider that by holding it on such terms, he prevents the infatuated from precipitating things and rushing on destruction. No good citizen desires extreme changes to be sud denly made ; but those who would attempt to oppose themselves to the easy but irresistible progress, will be hurled to a destruction they would not be brought to in the course of the movement they madly endeavour to stay. There is no anchorBge in rapids ; and, in all streams, steerage is obtained by going faster than the current. The Threatened Revolution.— We were said lately to be in the very jaws of a revolution : if so, the monster has not such sharp teeth as has been said ; for he has let us down with out breaking the skin, much lees a bone. The truth is that a revolution, like other bugbears, Is a more dreadful thing at a distance than close at hand : we are always in a slow revo lution, and it only requires the pulse of events to beat a little quicker to bring on the real political fever. Testimonials of various kinds might be quoted, to shew that people, at the time, seldom know that they are actually in a revolution : that it is only on looking back that they discover the greatness or importance of the event. Even so Bhrewd a politician and philosopher as Dumont, was not aware, in the very heart of the French Revolution, of the nature of the changes taken place. He declares that he would tinve put down memo randa of every thing going on under his eyes, if he had had an idea that the tjmeo possessed the extraordinary character which has signal ized them for ever. To be in the heart of great national movements, is like watching the hour hand of a clock— it moves, but we can not perceive the motion. _ While the eye is upon the pointer it seems still, but on recurring to it a few hours after, we perceive the im mense strides that have been made. A decree that silently changes the whole condition of a people toundB like the vulgaresl proclamation. On looking back, the period seems crowded with important and striking events ; it seems as if persons must have fell in a tornado-no such thing, it is an eddy here and there; the stream of occupation proceeds noiselessly. Besides, the events on which almost every thing afterwards appears to turn, are very Ire quentlyin themselves on the spot, and to the actors themselves, nearly i..o.fi...i.v.auv. »..™». are two modes of looking on an event— as if it was performed, and in its consequences. Now the former is the general habit of the eyewit ness, and rarely the latter ; unless indeed there happens to be blood spilt, and then accidents and consequences are all exaggerated grossly. When ordinary persons look back at the French Revolution, all they turn their memories upon are the execution of Louis and the massacres of September ; the least essential point of the epoch, and which, had they been avoided, as they might easily, events would have run pretty nearly the same course, less prejudice would have been created, and that is all. When men cry out about revolutions, they rarely know what they mean : many revolu tions, of the most essential Kiua, »»»,«?»? out a king'8 removing from a palace m one country to a palace in another.— N. Monthly Magazine. . ., A Govehnment, carried on in conformity with the wishes of the mass of the people, will not, in the present state of knowledge, be a perfect fiovernment,-but, at all events it cannot be worse than the oligarchical Go vernment from which we have just effected our deliverance— and it carries in Us constitu tion the seeds of perpetual improvement. At each point of the advance of knowledge, a Government of the people must become bet ter—and, let it be remembered, that the rul ing passion at the present moment of the humbler classes of this country, is the passion Tor political knowledge— and that the exercise of the elective franchise is sure to feed it. Let it be remembered, moreover, that the very anoyances, to which the ignorance of the electors might expose their representatives, would operate to the production of ultimate -™nrl— inasmuch as it would furnish these re presentatives with an interest in the diffusion of sound knowledge among all chases, and lead to the establishment of a system of uni versal education— education, not terminating where popular education now does, but com prehending branches of knowledge, which are now confined to a few retiring worship pers of truth. ? The public will never, willingly, conspire to injure itseU: It must, however, be permit ted to ascertain, by a somewhat slower pro cess than suffices for the enlightened few, how its essential interests are to be promoted.— Examiner. The Dead and Alive.— Some few years ago, a very respectable gentleman, much loved in his immediate neighbourhood, and honoured by all the world— declined in health, and resolved to call in the doctor. In fact he was become old, and had all the outward and internal signs of age.— He had ' a moist eye, a dry hand, a yellow cheek, a white beard, a decreased leg, an increasing belly'— and in spite of all remonstrance, the doctors he would have: he took their prescriptions, and, as many of his cronies had predicted, expired. The preparations were made for his interment. Several orators made the Most touching ha rangues over the body. The undertaker was desired to screw down the coffin lid, when, to the amazement of all, up rose the alleged deceased, and. with an admirable appetite, fell to his own funeral baked meats. Thrice within a few years had the grave been dug for this old gentleman, and thrice had he dis appointed the undertaker. Within this last week or two it was given out that he had yielded up the ghost ; mutes were placed at his door, and all things were ready for the funeral ; when it appeared that he whom it was they wished to bury, was never in such robust health from the day of his birth. This circumstance was more fully impressed upon us by a glance at the names of some of the candidates for the new parliament. It will be remembered how many of them gave up the constitution as totally defunct, and now we see them, having hurriedly cast off their hat-bands ana mourning-cloaks, having left the undertaker's wine and cake untasled, cap in hand, begging to be again considered the hum ble servants of his thrice-raised Lazarus! All we hope is, that the people will Keep an eye on these prophets. As for the English Constitu tion, it must be a vulgar error that attributes its origin to the will of the barons operating on the weakness of King John— that must be quite a mistake. No, if we may# judge from events, the English constitution is nearly the eldest born of Grimalkin, the king of the cats, its lives multiplied to a right royal number.— Monthly Mag. BnucKon— Heberle— Taglioni.— At this moment, there dance in London three forms of perfection; each differing from the other, each excelling the other ; but all, in their re spective aerial paths, unequalled, unrivalled —perfect. The three Graces are no longer mythological— the dream of a Greek poet : they are now co-existent, tangible, nnd palpa ble, (as we believe and trust) in London itseii —the land of reality— the capital of ' work and labor done.' Dancing is an art hitherto of confined limits: it has not been conceived what the human form was capable of, till shown of late by certain gifted individuals after years of study— study heightening, not destroying, the beauty descended from Eve in Paradise. The names of the three Poetesses of Motion, whom it is the good fortune of rich and luxu rious England to possess at this season, are inscribed above. Of Brugnoli we have spoken before— she is the impossible Grace; Heberle is the goddess of elegance and art ; Taglioni of clastic joy— of grace in ecstasy. None can equal Brugnoli, for her muscles are at once composed of ivory and Indian-rubber— she is a creature of vegetable gum and elephant's tooth : prior muscle never had its equal either in energy or vigour. Heberle is a creature of the most refined art, her exquisite powers seem to transcend mortality i and yet we fancy we can discover their origin, progress, perfection, in the traces left behind. But it is like looking in the Pyramids for marks of masonry. Attitude is the forte of the divine Heberle ; she is great, too —ye gods, how great 1— in the graceful ex ertion of power she seems to do those exqui site movements that dazzle while they delight simply as if they were specimens only of the gifts that had been given to her. Could an apothecary so commingle essences that he might make up our prescription for mental disease, we should say— Recipe, the power and the grace and the form of Heberle : mix them in some vase of witchery; let lights innumerable, odours inexpressible, and tones inconceivable, fill the air and impregnate it with delight ; anil at some favorable moment or returning spine, draw up the curtain. Such a vision floating behind it ! If music can cure the bite of a tarantula, then is Heberle a spe- I cific for the cholera. I Ah ! Taglioni! thou art for moments of bliss I and .joy, and seemest altogether an anomaly I in this dismal age. Can there be death in the I world and thou here i This is not dancing ; I this is the rejoicing of an ethereal creature, I that has known, can know no sorrow. Here I she comes, bounding like a stag in the forest, all wildness and joy.- But her movements are music. Ay, this is a reach beyond even the most graceful of wild nature's beings. Here is the beauty of art as well as nature— of the luxury of civilization combined with the exu berance of the virgin soil. Peasant joy may bound as high— simplicity may appear as in* nocent — the soul of music may animate beau tiful creatures beyond their own notions of man's capability of inhaling delight at the aspect of tbem : but here is a gay, bounding girl, whom no education could have produced, no care prepared, whose movements are a spe cies of revelation. Poets have dreamt of such; but we live in days when the dreams of poets are often surpassed) — Spectator. 