POLICE INCIDENTS. MONDAY_Edward Gearing was charged with burning his master in effigy, the said effigy being composed of his bedding and slops, through which he had been left with nothing in the shape of covering ; to prevent his feeling the want of clothes for the 14 days next ensuing, the Bench sent him to Murray's warming pan for that period. Harry Littleworth, worth nothing at all, and bearing a striking resemblance to the ghost of a scrag of mutton, was placed at the bar on charge of eating, drinking, dancing, singing and smoking with a variety of other pleasant and genteel accom- plishments, but as to work, heaven save the mark, that was quite out of his way. Harry who exhibit- ed symptoms of obesity and had nothing to allege in his defence but that he was much astonished at the charge, was sent to reduce his system at Mur- ray's regulator for seven days. Samuel Larkin and Samuel Ralph were charged with making themselves scarce, neglect of work, and all that sort of thing, for which, ten days amusement on the mill was ordered. John Dudley, with a chamelion phiz, and a bottle nose, was charged with the following strange con- duct :-The preceding day he was observed reeling from a public-house, and seeing a soldier of the 17th Regiment he went up to him, and exclaimed, " here goes one." His fist flew at the soldier's carotid, and down he went ; on rising, " here goes two," said Harry, and again the soldier was floored, and similar treatment was resorted to a third time, when some constables coming up, the fellow was secured after a desperate tussel. In defence, Harry alledged that it was merely a trial of muscle between him and the soldier for a pot of heavy, this, however, was denied, and not appearing very likely the Bench presented him with a cheque for fifty. TUESDAY.-Thomas Smith, an epitome of the statutes at large, was placed at the bar on charge of thrashing master, because he did not give him sufficient grog. Bench-What defence have you to make. Thomas-Why, all I know is, that according to the legal signification of the words grub and bub, I opine that I am entitled to a glass of grog per diem ; sec 3d Barnwell and Cresswell 184--that's what I call argument. The Bench sent him with an order to Jack Ketch for fifty. Margaret Burns was charged with having been allowed to go to Church on Sunday evening, and so devotional had she become, that she remained there till Monday night, at least so she said, but having been found reeling under the influence of the sublunary spirit through the streets, at an un- usual hour the Bench doubted her veracity, and therefore sent her to the third division for 14 days. Rose M'Alister, an old bag, dressed lamb fashion, was charged with being found smoking an old pipe in the market, up and down the middle passage of which she was walking, soliloquising, and at times singing a stave, and then whirled round on her heel. The charley was petrified for a moment, but soon recovered his flexibility, on observing her to be an old chum on his boat, very fond of a lark. Fourteen days 3d C. 