I THE PAINTER'S REVELATION. I cannot paint it !" exclaimed Duncan 'Weir, as he threw down his pencil in despair. The portrait of a beautiful female rested on his easel. The head was turned as if to look into the painter sjace, ana an expression of aencium cuiijwcmg and love was playing about the half-parted mouth. A mass of luxuriant hair, stirred by the position, threw its shadow upon a shoulder that but for its transparency I you would have given to hys, and 'the light from which j the face turned away fell on the polished throO t with the rich mellowness of a moonbeam. She was a brunette ! i her hair of a glossy black, and the b.ood melting ; . through the clear broum of her cheek, and sleeping in 1 ' her lip like the colour in the edge of a rose. The eye was | unfinished. He could not paint it. Her low ex \ pressive forehead, and the light pencil of her eyebrows, I and the long, melancholy lashes were all perfect ; but f: i ' ' he had painted the eye a hundred times, and a hundred i ! times hehad destroyed it, till at the close of a long day, at his light failed him, he threw down his pencil in despair, and resting his head on his easel, gave himself up to the contemplation of the ideal picture of - his !i fancy. , 1 wish all my readers had painted d portrait, the ' j portrait of the face they best love to look on— it would i j -bt Such a < chance to thrill them with a description of the : if / painter's feelings. There is nothing but the first ' ' - timid kiss that has half its delirium. Why— think of 1 it a moment! To sit for hours gazing intothe eyes you dream of! To be set to steal uway the tint of the hp ! and the. glory of the brow you worship! To have 1 beauty come and sit down before yon, till its spirit is | -breathed into your fancy, and you can turn away and \ pair, tit? To call up, like a rash enchanter, the smile f ;l that bewilders you, and have power over the expression < of a face, that, meet you where it will, wrups you in 1 Eksium! — Make me a painter. Pythagoras ! A lover's picture of his mistress, painted at she exists' in his fancy, would never be recognised. He would make little of features and complexion. Nono— ho has not been an idolater for this. He has seen her j oj wo one else has seen her, with tha'illumination of love, I | which, once in her life, makes every woman under heuven an ungtl of Vght. He knows" her heart, too— ! its gentleness, its fervour ; and when she comes up , in L it is not her visiblejorm passing before j his mind's eye, but the apparition of her invisible ' ' 'virtues, clothed in the tender recollections of their ' i discovery and deuelopement. If he remembers her r v features all', it is the changing colour of her cheeks, I f d ivopafhtr CM ved lathes, or the witchery of i | \ the smile that welcomed him. And even then he was intoxicated with her voice — always a sweet instrument when the heart plays upon it— and his eye was good for nothing. No — it is no matter what she may be to others— the appeurs to him like a bright and perfect being, and he would as soon paint St. Cecilia with a wart as his mistress with an imperfect feature. Duncan could not satisfy himself. He painted with his heart onj ire, and he threw by cauvass after camuss till his room was like a gallery of angels. In perfect despair, at lust, he sat down and made a deliberate copy of her features— the exquisite picture of which we have spoken. Still the eye haunted him . He felt as if it would redeem all if he could give it the expression with which it looked back some of his impasssioned declarations. His skill, however, was, as yet, baffled, and it was at the close of the third day of unsuccessful effort that he relinquished it in despair, and, dropping his head upon his easel, abandoned himself to his imagination. « « -o Duncan entered the gallery wilh Helen leaning on his arm. It was thronged with visitors. Groups were collected before the favourite pictures, and the low hum of criticism rose confusedly, vuried, now and then, by the exclamation of some enthusiastic spectator. In a conspicuous part of the room hung, " The Mute Reply, by Duncan Weir." A crowd had gathered before it, and were gazing on it with evident pleasure. Ex pressions of surprise and admiration broke frequently from the group, and as they fell on the ear of Duncan, he felt an irresistible impulse to approach' and look at' his own picture. What is like the affection of a painter' for the offspring of his genius 1 It seemed io him as if he had never before seen it. There it hung like a new picture, and he dwelt upon it with all the interest of a stranger. It was indeed beautiful. There was a hewitching loveliness floating over the featm es. The figure and air had a peculiar grace and freedom ; but ' the eye showed the genius of the master. It was a large lustrous eye, moistened without weeping, and lifted un, as if to the face oj a lover, with u look of indescribable tenderness. The deception was wonderful. : It seemed every moment as if the moisture wt.uid gather into a tear and roll down her cheek. There was a strange freshness in its impression upon Duncan. It seemed to have the very look that had sometimes beamed upon him in the twilight. He turned from it and looked at Helen. Her eyes met his with the same — the self -same expression of the picture. A murmur of pleased recognition stole from the crowd whose attention was attracted. Duncan burst into tears— and awoke. He had been dreaming on his easel ! 9 " Do you believe in dreams, Helen 1" said Duncan, as he led her into the studio the next day to look at the finished picture. — I llll I !! I The following scene we copy from Schiller's Ghost Seer-: — We were desired to go into another apartment, and wait until he called for us. At the same time he ordered all the moveables to be taken from the hall, the windows to be taken out, 'and the window shutters to be put close to. He also ordered the landlord, with whom he. had already been conniving, to bring in a vessel filled ivith hot coals and to put out all the fires in the house carefully with water. Before we returned, he made us all promise that we would observe a profound si« lence during the wholeoj what weshouldseeor hear. All the doors of the rooms behind us leading to this apart ment were fastened. The clock had struck eleven. A deudly silence prevailed through the whole house. Before we went out, the Russian said to me — "Have, we any loaded pistols with us V "Why?" said I; " It is at all events convenient," answered he. " Wait a minute, and I wiltgo and see ajttr some." He went out, and the Baron and myself opened a window which looked toivards another room, und we thought we heard people talking together, and a noise as if they were placing a ladder under it ; but as t hat might only he a conjecture, I dared not give it oat as certain. The Russian returned wilh a brace of pistols, ajter being absent about half an hour. wesaw him load them. It was now near two o'clock when the magician appeared again, and announced that he war prepared. .Before we returned, he ordered us to pull off our shoes, and to appear in our shirts, stockings, and under garments. The doors as before were all fastened. We found ,tuhen we returned into the hall, a large circle made with coals, in which we could all stand very con veniently. Round about the room, and by the Jour walls, the hoards were token away, so that we seemed to stand as it were upon an island. An altar, hung wilh black cloth, was erected in the middle of the ciicle, under which was spread a carpet of red silk ; a Chaldean Bible lay open near u death's head upon the altar, and a silver crucifix was fastened in the centre. Instead of candles, spiri s weie burning in a siher vessel. A thick smoke of olire wood darkened the hall, which almost extinguished the lights. The conjurer uas clothed as we were, but barefooted. On his bare neck he wore an amulet suspended by a chain oj human hair. Upon his loins he wore a white mantle, which wa> decorated mith magical characters and mysterious figures. 'He made us join hands, and maintain a deep silence. Above all, ne recommended us not to t.sk the apparition any questions. He requested the English man and myself (for he seemed to entertain the greatest suspicion of usj to hold two drawn swords, steadily and cross's ise, an inch above his head, as long as the ceremony should last. V/e stood in a half circle around him. The Russian officer pressed near to the Englishman, and stood next to the altar. 'J he magician placed himself on the carpet, with his face towards the east, sprinkled holy water to the four points of the compass, and bowed thrice before the Bible. A quarter of'an hour pass'd in ceremonious acts, perfectly unintelligible to us.; at the end of which, he gave tho-e a sign who stood behind him to hold him fast by the hair. Struggling apparently With dreadful con vulsions, he called the deceased by name three fi nes ; at the last, he stretched cut his hand towards the crucifix. We instantly experienced a violent shock, which separated our hands. A sudden clap oj thunder shook the house to its foundation ; at the same time the window shutters rattled, and all the doors were burst open. The apparatus Jell in pieces, and as soon as'the light was extinguished, we observed distinctly on the wall over the chimney-piece the figure of a man clothe i in a blood v garment, with a pale and livid aspect. Who exiled me?" cried a Jaint, hollow voice. "Thy friend," said the conjurer, "who ventrates thy memory, and prais for thy soul'' At the same time he mentioned the name of the Prince. " IVhal dees he want?" continued the ghost, after a very long pause. " He wishes to hear your confession to the end, ivhich you began in this world but did not finish." " In a cloister upon the borders of Flanders there lives — " Here the house shook again , the door opened of its own accord, and a violent clap of thunder was heard, as a Jlash of lightning illuminated the room, Immediately another figure, bloody and pale like the first, appeared at the threihold. The spirits in the vase began to burn ugain, and the hall was as it first appeared. 44 Who is among us?" cried the magician, looking with horror and astonishment at the spectators. " I did not much wish for thee." The ghost immediately walked with a sloto and mxj'slis step to the altar, and tood upon the carpet opposite to us. It seized the crucifix, and the apparition instantly vanished. " V/ha is that hat called me 1" said the second apparition. The magician begin to tremble. Fear and astonishment almost overpowered us. I now seized a pistol — the magician wrested ir from my hand, and fired at the ghost. The ball rolled along the altar, and the figure remained amidst the smoke iinhui t. The magician immediately sunk down in a fit. " What have we here?" exclaimed the Englishman with astonishment, as he endeavoured to strike the ghost with his sword. The apparition arrtslei his arm, and the sword Jell to the ground. Here the sweat of anguish stai ted from my forehead, and the Baron confessed to us afte< wards that he employed himself in praying. Alt this time the Prince stood fearless and unmoved, with his eyes riveted upon the figure. "hYes !" said he at last, pathetically, " J know thee: thon art Laony — tkon art my friend. From whence dost thou come?" "1 cannot divulge the mysteries of eterniti). —Ask me any .question that relates to mn existence on earth." " Who lives in the cloister," said the Prince, "of which yon gave me notice at the hour of your death?'' " My daughter." "IIow! Have you -ever been a father ?" " I would thai I hud not been." " Are you not happy, Laonv?" " Gudis my judge." " Can I not render you any service in this world ?'' " None ; but think of yourself." " How must I do that ?" " You will learn it at Rome." " ' Immediately a clap of thunder was heard — a thick smoke fitted the room; and when -it cleared up, the figure had vanished. I pushed open a window-shutter —it was day-light. The cmjurer soon recovered his senses. " Where arc we?" he cried, when he saw the day-light. 'Ihe Russian officer stool close behind him; and looking over his shoulder, " Juggler," he said, with a piercing frown, " this is the last time thou wilt ever hov it in thy power to summon another ghost to appear on earth." The Sicilian turned hastily round ; and, looking sledj'astlu in bis face, uttered a loud shriek, and fell senseless on the ground. Immediately the pretended Russian was discovered by ihe Prince to be no other pel son than his mysterious friend th ' Armenian. Laughable Mistake.—" L was asked to dine with a Sir Dixie flick son, a stiff, bluff, beef-eating sort of a man, who was under some obligation to me, or I to him, I don't know which. 'Well.' I forgot name, residence all but the day — came home in a hurry, looked into the Court Guide, found a Sir Hicks Dixon, drove tu his house found a party u-sembletl, bowed- to a fat woman in a turban who sailed jorward'k la maitresse de inaison, and simpered an analogy, for 'Hicks', or Sir Dicks', or whatever he might be, ' unavoidable absence ;' Ifo- got why, ' bat did not like to pat off the party, and hoped to look inrin the evening.' ( Mind I had never s'eti the femrne Hickson.') Down we went f to dinner ; a guest hcul jailed, so there u-as a place fc me ; did - not know a soul of the party ; such a- sit of creatnres were never before assemhled on God's earth. Well, I ate. drank, and talked with the savages, told them some of mn best lies, and t vas growing immensely popular, u-'nen in drops Sir Hicks from the country. : You should have seen us ! we set each other like two' pointers hacking in a st-ihble, with a covy between them, while thetemme Dixun kept / ussing wiih an introduction' — Sir Hicks, Sir James — Sir James, Sir Hicks At la>t the light broke in, and 1 explained, and we laughe-l about it for a whole hour, I was afraid when all was over I should have h id to pay my debt of dinner to Sir Dixie ; but the best of it is. I have net seen or heard wore of either him or Sir Hicks. It would have served me right if th y had asked me to dinner once a week for ever visiting such people. It is nut likely that you should know them." — Sir James. Berwick. Killarney Legends. — Mr. Croker is a most amusing writer. I his Volume is divided into chap ter, buL those who take it up will be uisposnd to read it on and on, till they come to the last page.Aud hear Mr. Croker -saying to them, ' So making now our final bow, And checking all your blarney, We'll bbl aiiieu gond tolks to you And likewise to Killarney. Then if your eye, all wearied out With reading trash like mine is, Content yourself— no more's to. coma For here, you see, is ;FiN'.S." 'If every traveller thai visits Ihe lakes of Killarney were to meet wilh guides anil bnatmen equally amusing with which Mr. t'roker is here represented as meeting with, it would be enough to tempt many a party to visit those ma- jesiic mountains, and these lovely waters. We were ready to imagine tint these said guiues and lioitmen were among the ' Legends" of tne lake ; but Mr. Croker assures us that lie had "-the good fortune" to meet with audi persons, and that they may saff ty be regarded " as faith. tfl prototypes of their fellows"."—' Wl y then we must say that they are a most interesting race of beings. By their marvellous fond ness for whisky we should suppose that they flourished be fore the introduction of Temperance Societies. Almost every spot about Killarney, as indeed almost every spot in Ireland, has some legendary tale attached to it. We pre sent one interesting specimen i— »'r. Cmkcr says, " Advancing through a pretty plantation, we soon reached Clongh na Cuddy, a large stone with two capsular hollows in it, which we-e half filled wilh water, A f w stunted trees and bushes grew around it, upon one of which several rags were hung, as is usual in Ireland, near places that are co.-sidered holy. Whilst I was occupied in looking at the st'iie.an old woman, who stood near ji. exclaimed— " Oh, then, is'nt it the blessed s'one iiself! and there are the two holes down in it, to be sure, where the holy friar knelt at his devotions.' And site began to scatter some crumbs upon t lie ground, to which the little hirds, from the neighbouring bushes, immediately flew with all the fear lessness of conscious security.' " Ah. then,' said their feeder, 1 ye're a blessed race, and 'lis good right ye have to know this place, and it would be a mortal sin to hurt or harm ye-but what are ye to the lit lie bird tliac tang to the holy friar for as goad an two hundred years !' "' That, indeed, wns a wonderful bird,' said I, ' and, my good womau, if you have uo objection, I should like to know all about it.' " 4 No objection in life, your honour. Well then, many years ago, there was a very religious and holy man, one of the mouks of a convent hereahnuis, and he «as one dat, kneeling at his prayers in the garden of his monastery, wheu he heard a little bird sin ing in one of the rose trees of tne garden, and there never was any 'hat lie had hiartl iu the Wf rid so sweet as the song of that little bird. ,4 4 And the holy man rpse up from !m knees, whetehe had been kneeling at li s prayers, to listen to its song, f r lie thought lie never in all his life heard any thing so heavenly . 44 .\nd the til tie bird, »Ver singing for 6i»me time h>n- j — r in the rose ttce, flew away to a g-ove at some distance trout 1 1, e monastery ; and lite holy iiiau fallowed it, to lis'e.itn its singing; for he felt as if he ueverculd be tired of listening to the sweet song which it Wl tiuging out ofit little th;oat. #.; And the little bird, nfter that, went away tosnMU distant tree, and sung there for a while, and then agai ! another tree, and so on in the same manner, but ever fart / and farther away from the monastery, and the holy man,!;,! I following farther, and farther, and farther, still listening, R . lighted to lis enchanting jong. 0 f " But at last he was obliged to give up, as it was i? ing la c in the day, and he returned to the convent- and " lie approached it in the evening, the sun was setting' in ii": 1 west with all the most heavenly colours that were erf I seen in all this world, and when he came into the convent 'J was nightfall. , ,4<; 44 '.And he was quite surprised at every thing he t . for tlfey were all strange faces ahnuthim in the monastery I that lie had never seen before, and the very place itself and I every tiling about it, seemed entirely different 'from I ' what it was when lie left it in the morning.; ami the gardev f - was not like the garden where he had been kneeling at li&f; ' devotions, when he first heard the singing of ihe |j,ti. j.' j bird. J 4 ' And while he was wondering at all that he saw onj 1 of the monks of the convent came up to htm, and the' hob 7 man questioned Ititn— " Broiltcr, what is the cause ofa«f tiiese strange changes that have taken place, here since th. I morning!" ' . <4 And lite monk .that lie spoke , to seemed to wonder I greatly at h'is question, and asked him whathe meant'by '1 changes since mot ningj for sure there was no change, flm J all was j ust as before ; and then he said, 44 Brother, w'hvdo I you ask these strange questions, and what is your name! fir ' 1 you wear the habit of our order, tLougli We have never teen 'if -you before." >J| ' 4 So, upon this the holy man told his name, ami that he -|1 had heen at mass in the chapel in the morning, before fce , | had wandered awav from the garden, listening to lit son jl of a little bird, that was singing among the ro3e.trees neat fll where he was kneeling at his prayers. J'vl ' <4 ' And lite brother, while he was speaking, gazed at hint #3? very earnestly, and then told hint that th, re was in the con. I -t vent a tradition of a bro'her of his name who had left itl«o i : hundred years before, but that what had become of him wu I'-1! never known. I j 44 4 And he kneeled down that very moment, and said, \ 1! 44 Brother, take my confession, and give me absolution, f«r .->! my soul is departin.'." i : <4 And lie made bisconfession. nnd received his absolution j -'-S and was anointed;- and before midnight he 'died, & -Ij "'Tlii little bird, you see, was as angel, one of the f 1 cherubim orscrapbim ; and that was the way; of the Al. '? mighty. Ajra? pleased in.his mercy, to take to himself the soul ' 1 of that holy man. ,c 'Ami there. before you is the slone where he knelt, all 1'| the lime of tiis s'epp, or his enchantment, or what ever it ! was; and there are the uriutsof that !ml« mili'u Irnopt In ' Jl \- - J IU .M the stone" : jjg We shall probably furnish another specimen in a future num. !M her. Nte scenery ofthese lakes which will be read with inter. est. 1 here ate some highly finished engravings by Byrne, || from sketches hy Alfred Nicholson, -aud the music of severs S/j: native melodies. a.|. Bold language of Patrick Uenery.- », | When Patrick Henery, who gave the first 1 impulse to. Ihe ball of the American revolu- I ' - tion, introduced his celebrated resolution on rO the stamp act into the House of'Burgesses, p of Virginia, May, 1763, while descanting on pf that hateful act, he exclaimed, " Caesar had his Brutus ; 'Charles the First had his Cromwell; and George the Third" dl (" Treason'!" cried the speaker. "Treason! Treason !" echoed from; every part of the house.) It-was one of those moments which | ; are decisive of character. Henery faultered f not for an instant; but rising to a loftier N: attitude, and fixing on the speaker an eye i;- flashing with fire, lie continued, "and Si George the Third may profit by their m example. If their be treason in this, make i the most ofit." |L Doctor Byles and the Selectmen. — Di- '| rectly opposite his house now standing at the I angle of Nassau Street, in Boston, there was | formerly a very bad slough in wet weather. -| It happened one day, that two of the se- f lectmen who had the care of the streets, | driving in a chaise, stuck fast in this hole, | and were obliged to get out in the mud to jfi endeavour to extricate their vehicle. Dr. | Byles came out, and making them a respect- | -ful bow, said.; " Gentlemen, I have otten | complained to you of this nuisance, without | any attention being paid to it, and I am very j glad to see you stirring in this matter now. j The Dark Day. — In 1760, a most ex- | traordinary obscurity pervaded the atmos- f phere on a particular day, which is always designated as " the dark day." A lady who was a neighbour of Doctor Byles, sent her son with compliments to him, to know if he could account for the uncommon appearance of the day. His answer was, "My dear, you will give my compliments to your mamma, and tell her that I am as much in the dark as she is." New Lights. — A ship from London brought out 300 street lamps, for the town of Boston. It chanced that a woman of weak mind and whining manner, who be longed to the sect called " New Lights," made a visit to Dr. Byles, on the same day that these lamps arrived. Wishing to rid .himself of her company, he asked, in a tone calculated to excite curiosity, if she had heard the news? "Oh, no! dear Doctor,— what news ?" " Why three hundred new li-t/Us have come over in the ship from London." " Bless me, I had not heard of it." " Yes, and the selectmen have ordered them to be put in irons immediately/' His visitor at once hurried away to make further inquiries. Amulet was the name of a charm made of wood or oilier materials, and on which was engraved particular words .slid characters, and worn about the nock, io subvert the machioa ions of l lie Devil and hisnents. Tiiey were hc.d high iu e.ileeiu by the Arabs, Turks, aud aud par- ticularly amount the Catholics. 