Select Poetry LORD BYRON'S VERSES ON SAM. ROGERS, IN QUESTION AND ANSWER.* Question. Nose and chin would shame a knocker; Wrinkles that would puzzle Cocker; Mouth which marks the envious scorner, With a scorpion in each corner, Turning its quick tail to sting you In the place that most may wring you; Eyes of lead-like hue, and gummy; Carcase picked out from some mummy; Bowels (but they were forgotten, Save the liver and that's rotten); Skin all sallow, flesh all sodden,-- Form the devil would frighten God in. Is't a corpse stuck up for show, Galvanized at times to go? With the Scripture in connexion, New proof of the resurrection? Vampyre, ghost, or goul, what is it? I would walk ten miles to miss it. Answer. Many passengers arrest one To demand the same free question. Shorter's my reply, and franker,-- That's the Bard, the Beau, the Banker. Yet if you could bring about, Just to turn him inside out, Satan's self would seem less sooty, And his present aspect--Beauty. Mark that (as he marks the bilious Air so softly supercilious) Chasten'd now, and mock humility, Almost sickened to servility; Hear his tone (which is to talking That which creeping is to walking, Now on all-fours, now on tip-toe); Hear the tales he lends his lip to; Little hints of heavy scandals; Every friend in turn he handles; All which women, or which men do, Glides forth in an inuendo. Clothed in odds and ends of humour-- Herald of each paltry rumour, From divorces, down to dresses, Woman's frailties, men's excesses, All which life presents of evil Make for him a constant revel. You're his foe--for that he fears you, And in absence blasts and sears you: You're his friend--for that he hates you, First caresses, and then baits you-- Darling on the opportunity When to do it with impunity: You are neither--then he'll flatter 'Till he finds some train for satire; Hunts your weak point out, then shows it Where it injures to disclose it, In the mode that's most invidious, Adding every trait that's hideous-- From the bile, whose blackening river Rushes through the Stygian river. Then he thinks himself a lover-- Why? I really can't discover, In his mind, age, face, or figure: Vapour broth might give him vigour,-- Let him keep the cauldron steady, He the venom has already. For his faults he has but one,-- 'Tis but envy, when all's done, He but pays the pain he suffers, Clipping, like a pair of snuffers. Lights which ought to burn the brighter, For this temporary blighter. He's the cancer of his species, And will eat himself to pieces,-- Plague personified, and famine,-- Devil, whose sole delight is damning. For his merits, would you know 'em? Once he wrote a pretty Poem. 