Domestic Intelligence HOBART TOWN MAGAZINE No. 9— It is with much pleasure we notice the Hobart Town Magazine for this month; still visibly improving, we hail the appearance of the pre- sent number, and give it the hearty welcome it deserves. The varied character of the con- tents, the excellence of the view of the Trea- sury, decidedly the best specimen, of Colonial Lithography we have yet seen, should be sub- jects of praise, and we doubt not the many readers of the Magazine will, like ourselves derive much amusement from its perusal. " A few words on Bathing," is a very excellent article, and besides being elegantly written, contains some really useful and pleasing information relative to that delightful habit, coming at the same time very apropos at this season of the vear. "The Extracts from the diary of a Young Physician" are continued with spirit ; and a tale entitled "Rob the Red-hand," pro- mises us no little entertainment. The "Notes of a Reader," are good, and "the Incendiary," with a short tale entitled "Ellen Seymour," are very pretty love stories. "The Journal of an English Gentleman," we relish much, he gives us a plain historical narrative of his tra- vels, at the commencement of the last century. The "Day in the Supreme Court," is the first in the book, and is a very fair illustration of the learned members of the bar of Van Die- men's Land. The "Chapter on Ghosts," is among the last, and before closing the book we turned to it, and had a second laugh at the ghost seeing propensities of the author. The Poetry of this number ranks with its prede- cessors and before we close our review will make an extract from it. We think the Government ought to give some encouragement to the rising Literature of the Colony, and although the New Post Office Act stares us in the face, we do hope that greater facility will be given to the cir- culation of this work: make the Colonists a reading people, give them useful and enter- taining books, and their minds will not be drawn away by the misrepresentations of Op- position Journals, but while there is nothing but a newspaper to be had, a newspaper's arguments will carry away the opinions of the majority of readers, and we would suggest that a postage similar to that laid on by the Sydney Government would not be objected to by the proprietor: the extract we intended to make is a song, entitled "And shall we forget them." And shall we forget them, the shores Of our own native island ?—oh never ! [now, The clouds may be dark that o'ershadow them But we cannot say, farewell for ever! In place of the freedom that smiled, The chain may be darkling our hearth ; But our lips oftentimes will exclaim with a sigh, 'Twas the land, the dear land of our birth ! Then shall we forget them, the shores Of our native island—oh never ! [now, The clouds may be dark that o'ershadow them But we cannot say, farewell for ever ! We are riding upon the blue sea, With freedom around and above us, [path ? But where are the eyes that once glanced on our And where are the bosoms that love us ? Oh far we are leaving behind The light of each beautiful brow, [the skies, But perhaps, in the prayers that they breathe to They are naming the wanderers now ! Then shall we forget them, the shores Of our own native island ?—oh never ! [now, Tbe clouds may be dark that o'ershadow them But we cannot say, farewell for ever ! The following handsome letter, has been trasmitted to Captain MALLARD, by the Passengers of the ship Persian. Ship Persian, off Van Diemen's Land. Nov. 3, 1833. DEAR SIR,—We gladly avail ourselves of the opportunity afforded us, by the approaching termination of our voyage, to express to you our sincere thanks for the invariable attention and kindness which, during the whole course of it, we have received from you. For this obliging disposition on your part, exhibited as it has been by efforts at all times to promote our comfort, we feel indeed bound to tender you our warmest acknowledgledg- ments more, so, because we are sensible, that to it we must attribute, a large portion of the agreeable and frendly intercourse enjoyed by us on board the Persian, not only with yourself, but with each other. Trusting that this expression of the unani- mous sentiments of all your cabin passengers may not be unacceptable to you, we remain, dear Sir, your's very faithfully. VIRGINIA STEPHEN, HENRIETTA DOUGLAS MARTHA REEVES MARY SELBY EMMA MACKENZIE SHOLTO DOUGLAS ALFRED STEPHEN H. P. HICKS E. S. V. BEDFORD ALFRED UNWIN THOMAS E. EWING WILLIAM MAXWELL H. R. OAKES TO Lieutenant MALLARD, R. N. l 1615 The Launceston races, which are ad- vertised to take place early in December, are expected to better managed than were the races of last season. Some of the two year olds are spoken of as very promising; among the favourites, is the sister of Saladin. The sport- ing gentry of this side the Island, will not now have to complain, that the Launcestonians have the advantage of first proving the best in the field, and then sending them to the Hobart Town races, to compete with the ordinary racers; for, as more than three months will elapse, the best horse of Launceston will not, during that time, be kept in condition. How- ever, we should be sorry to witness races at New Town, without some of the Cornwall sporting gentry, and as these are not likely to come without horses, we should rather than otherwise, wish to see some inducement held out for them, to contribute towards these an- nual amusements. Among the late importations, are several of such dubious character, that we are com- pelled reluctantly, to caution the tradespeople and others, how they deal in their customary manner, lest paradventure, they should he "picked up" as the Colonial expression terms it. A little Jew, who has only been some week or so in Hobart Town, has been attempt- ing tricks of a most extraordinary nature: happily however, he was checked early in his career by the Police, but as the matter will re- ceive consideration in the Court-house, we need not further allude to the transaction— suffice that, he contrived to purchase a house of one party, and ground of another, to the tune of some £800, the impudence of the fel- low is beyond belief, but more hereafter. We are happy to observe, that a man has been taken up, before the Police Magis- trate charged with riding furiously along the public streets, and that he was deservedly punished :—On Tuesday last, a most dreadful accident occurred, in consequence of a but- cher's boy galloping along Argyle-street: when opposite Solomon's Store, he rode over a fine healthy child, which was knocked down and killed on the spot. The Colonial Times, is wrong, in say- ing that Mr. Hall of the Australian, has been appointed Precis writer, to the Colonial Treasury Department—the gentleman ap- pointed to that situation is Mr. Hayes, late Editor and Proprietor of that truly indepen- dent Journal. The late favourable rains have fresh- ened the country to an astonishing degree, and rendered the air extremely cold. Yesterday and this morning many people took again to fire when but a few days since it was so op- pressively hot, that it was scarcely possible to walk in the streets. A rather queer story respecting the conduct of one bank towards another, in which a £20 note is the principal and interest of the affair has reached us, we shall perhaps give it publicity in our next. The oil market in London was im- proving, the black oil sent by the Cathrine Stewart Forbes, had realized £26 per ton, and the Princess Royals cargo, was expected to find a ready sale. Sperm oil was £62 to £64 per ton, and bone £120. It is very currently said, that either a new charter for the Colony, has arrived by the Isabella, or that a charter may shortly be ex- pected. It is added that three Judges will be constituted, and the much respected President of the Court of Requests, will be appointed to the third Judgeship. It is said that Major Douglass, is to be appointed Sheriff—this is hot correct we be- lieve it is probable that the Major may succeed Major Fairtclough, as Commandant of Laun- ceston when the latter gentleman leaves this Colony for India. Two new Indian Bishops, are to be appointed, (such is our information on autho- rity by private letters) one for Bombay, the other for Madras. We are sorry to observe the failure of the old established firm of Fairlie and Co., London. The outstanding debts, it is said are enormous, and many firms eere expected to follow in the wake of this extensive establish- ment. The Van Dieinen's Land Almanack, this year, will we understand, more resemble an Annual; besides the other useful and cus- tomary information, that work has hitherto exintained, it will this next year, be embellished with a score or so, of Lithographic views of Hobart Town and the interior. At the sale of Mr. Burnett's, on Mon- day, land, which that gentleman purchased a few years since at £150, realized no less than one thousand and eighty five pounds—the al- lotments fronting on Macquarie-street, sold at £7 per foot. A new trial has been granted, in the case of Meredith v. Lord and Hepburn: we believe it will come on for trial, the sittings after the present term. The King has been pleased to appoint Major General Sir Benjamin D'Urhan, K.C.B. to be Governor and Commander in Chief of the settlement of the Cape of Good Hope.— Ga- zette, July 4. A report has been circulated that the bushranger Britton, had shot one of the or- derly's, sent out in search of him. We beleive there is no truth in the assertion. Press of matter this week has prevented our inserting a whole page full of advertise- ments. Arrived on the 14th November, the barque Persian, Lieutenant Mallard, R. N., (400 tons) from London, having on board a general cargo. The passengers are—Cabin, A. Stephen, Esq, family, and servants, Major Douglas and family, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Ewing, Mr. Bedford, Miss Reeves, Miss McKenzie, Miss Selby, Mrs. Unwin and Mas- ter Oakes.—Middle Cabin, J. Edmonds, wife, and 4 children, P. King, H. Pelly, A. Ken- nedy, — Brown, — Stringer, — Russel. Steerage passengers 21, besides wives and fa- milies. Arrived on Sunday, the 10th instant, the ship Sir John Rae Reid, 326 tons, Captain Hay, from Sydney 6th instant, with goods.— Passengers, Mr. and Mrs. Dumaresq, Miss A. Kemp, R. W. Loane, Esq., Mr. Murray, Mr. Burn, Mrs. Solomon and son, Mr. Figg ; also, Rachael Norris, James Clark, J. Bouch, J. Lakenby, John Reid, David Hayes, Patrick Carey, W. Johnson. She brings 10 horses, 25 head of cattle, and 50 sheep. Arrived on the 14th November, the ship Isabella, Captain Brown, from Plymouth 28th July, with 300 male convicts.—Passenger, Miss Moriarty.—Guard, Captain Caldwell, 37th, Ensign Furneaux, 17th, and 29 rank and file.—Surgeon Superintendent, Dr. Sproule. Arrived on the 14th November, the barque Wave, Captain Goldsmith, from Lon- don 29th July, with goods.—Passengers, Mr. and Mrs. Carter, 6 children, and 3 servants, Mr. and Mrs. Coak, Miss Daniels, Mr. Scott, (lawyer), Mr. inkersole, Mr. Smythe, and 28 others. The Wave, arrived early yesterday Morning in port, but the greater part of the mail was not landed till late this afternoon ; many persons hearing that a large mail was still on board that vessel, went off in boats, and helped themselves to their own letters free of postage. There is something very shameful, in the manner the ships letters, are ma- aged—whose duty, it is to bring the bars to post office? We trust, that as Mr. Hardinge appears to have much spare time on his hands, he may be appointed to that useful employ- ment. The Forth, Captain Robertson, ar- rived in port, from London and Circular Head, yesterday. We have only space to give the names of passengers this week :—In the cabin, Miss Maria Head, Miss Mary Solomon, Messrs. Robert Massie, Philip Oakden, John Main, Mervyn Mann, W. Fletcher. In the steerage, Robert Bell, W. Williams, Marianne Williams, Harriet Lloyd, Jonathan S. Waddel, William Boden, Elizabeth Boden, John Henny, Fre- derick Wigan, August Lackmenn, Barnard Lloyd, Thomas Lloyd, Fanny Lloyd. Twenty- seven passengers were landed at Circular Head.—Launceston Advertiser, Nov. 14. Mr. C. S. Henty, is a candidate for the post of Managing Director and Cashier, to the Cornwall Bank; and Mr. Kennedy, fpr that of Accountant.—Ib. A memorial to the Legislative Council has been prepared and numerously signed in this town, praying local enactments for securing the better observance of the Sabbath, in the Is- land of Van Diemen's Land.—Ibid. 