HOBART TOWN: DECEMBER 24, 1833. Let it be impressed apon Your minds, let it be in- stilled into your children, that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. JUNlUS. tn the last number of the Tasmanian we observe.an article respecting the Go- vernment printing of this Colony, by which we learn, that the Local Govern- ment has entered into a contract for a cer- tain period with an.individual, who conse- quently claims the whole of the printing. The writer observes, that about two years since, orders from Home were received in the Colonies, to throw open for public tender the whole of the various de- partments. " At Sydney, it was of course immediately acted upon, but here no attention whatever was paid to the instructions, and to this date, the same monopoly which has caused the Home Government, to desire the various depart- ments to send home for their several printed forms, still exists as heretofore. We might here en passant, observe, that it is not probable the English Government would have sent out such instructions as we have named, h id the expense of print- ing been but moderate, it was the enor- mous charges whioh compelled them so to do, nor did such second orders arrive till more than fifteen or eighteen months after instructions had been received tu throw open to public tender the Go- vernment Printing. Whether the Home Government has been misled or not, we cannot pretend to determine, but we can imagine that it was supposed, the orders from Home had been obeyed, and that the continued high charges: for print ing, were made by the party obtaining the contract for printing, and that in con- sequence thereof, it was deemed advi- sable thal tho Government Printing of the whole Colony, or all such part of it as were possible, should be provided from Home. The injustice of such an order, must be most apparent. In this Colony printing can be, and generally is done at a much less expense than in the Mother Country ; and therefore the sending Home for the printing, is not only likely to be much more expensive, but we say it is unjust, inasmuch, that printers as well as every other class of men, deserve encou- ragement, and by the forwarding such printing from Home, the master printer will be considerably injured, and the work- men thrown out of employment. At Sydney, we hear of no complaint made by the Home Government, respecting the ex- pense of printing-there, the Home in- structions have been attended to, the printing is there no more a monopoly : and had the positive orders received by our own Authorities been attended to, we fancy, there would have been no such instruction sent out as those to which we have alluded. It will be perhaps, asked why then, has our Government not fol- lowed the Home orders—why has not the Government Printing been openly tendered for ?" To this question the an- swer is, that a contract still exists be- tween the Local Government and a pri- vate individual. By what authority such a contract could be entered into, we know not-certain it is, that a contract or agree- ment of some kind or description does exist—certain it is, that the positive orders from Home have not been attended to— and certain ii is, that subsequent mstruc tions have been received, ordering all the printed forms required by the Colonial Government to be sent for from Home. If a contract has been made between the Local Government and the private indi- vidual alluded to, might there not, with equally as much reason, be a contract between the Government and any other contractor?, Suppose,,for instance, some one was to start up and claim the privi- lege of supplying the whole of the meat or the bread required by the different de- partments,—at a very, high charge for the same-claiming, we say, such privilege under some agreement, either real or imaginary, made years back by the Go- vernment and the contractor, would such a claim be listened to by the Home Go- yerment?—would the authorities here be indemnified, for having, without orders, entered into such an arrangement?-and then, if the position does not hold good with respect to meat and bread, why should it with respect to printing? The printing, for years past, has been a very conspicuous item in the expenditure of the Government ; and had it been thrown open to public tender, a reduction to a very considerable extent, .would, in all probability, have followed. But no ! the monopoly is allowed to exist in printing, and month passes after month, without any alteration — "without any attention being paid to the instructions received, when at length the Home Government, finding the cost of printing so enormous, are determined to have 'it performed at a cheaper rate, and believing the price charged by the contractor in the Colony too high, resolves to have all the work printed at home by the King's printer, and forwarded here for the public service. In the present case therefore, the non compliance with, the home instructions, has worked an evil of considerable ex- tent. In the first place, a waste of money has unnecessarily taken place, which might have been saved, had the printing been performed by contracts, and lastly, the continuing the monopoly has deprived us of the printing altogether, and I that which ought to be done, and could be done cheaper than in England, must be imported to the detriment both of the Colony generally, and the printers io particular. During the last Term, an action was brought by a publican, against a settler, to recover a certain sum of money for goods sold and delivered, and board and lodging. Besides the debt proved to be owing, it appeared that the defendant, his wife, and servants, were in the con- stant habit of calling at the public- house, and taking refreshments, both in the eat- ing and drinking way ; but from some cause or other, it was considered that the law would not allow the recovery of any debt due for wine and sprirituoiis liquors retailed in this manner. His Honor, however, observed, that he saw no reason why a publican should not recover pay- ment for his wines and spirits in the same manner as any other tradesman might recover for the sale of goods in which he dealt. The Counsel for the plaiii'iff ob- served, that he was sorry, after what had fallen from His Houor, that the wine and spirit account was not included in the bill. It has been, for a length of time, ruled in the Lower Court of law, (that is, in the Court of Requests,) that grog scores are not recoverable; and numerous are the instances where plaintiff's have been non-suited, because proof has been ad duced that the money owing was for wine and spirits. We should be far from wishing to allow the recovery of debts run up to extravagance by parties when in a state of intoxication ; but we cannot conceive how the equity of the case will first compel a man to pay some twenty-five pounds for permission to sell wines and spirits, and yet not allow a man so licenced to sue for debts incurred by the sale of such liquors. Why this exception should be made, we cannot imagine, or why a pub- lican should be more fettered than any other description of trader in the first instance, in selling the articles in which he deals, and then not be capable of en- forcing payment, we say, we cannot pre- tend to determine ; but, it appears to us, one of those inconsistencies, which Van Diemeu's Land may boast as being more particularly appertaining to herself. There are regulations in abundance, and fines and penalties without number, by which a publican, if he keeps a disorderly house, can be checked in his career; and only let him once infringe one regula- tion, and he will lind plenty of constables ready to enforce the fines aid penalties therefore, the legally (that is, legally ac- cording to the rule laid down in (he Court of Requests) depriving him of the possi- bility of enforcing payment from his cus- tomers of wines and spirits, which may have been doled out from time to time, appears an inconsistency, and a very great hardship on the publicans generally, and, in many instances, fraught with the worst conseseqiiences. A publican, as the case now stands, could not go into the Court of Requests to recover such a debt as we have been speaking of-although he might prove that the wines or spirits were sup- plied in reasonable and proper quantities; and although compelled to keep his house open at all hours, and afford refreshments to the traveller, yet, we say, he cannot enforce payment for his goods and trouble. The manner in which this system works badly, is this :-the publican's (that is, a few of them) care little to what extent a labouring man, of good circumstances, expands his money in drinking, and in supplying others with drink; a grog score is run up, and never mind how unrea- sonable the charges may be), the man, to avoid prompt payment, gives a note of hand for the full sum, thinking that the term of three or six months is an inex- haustable period- but time flies by, and the bill has changed hands-presented for payment-the answer, no effects re- turned -and away goes the holder of the bill to the Court of Requests, when, as a matter of course, after the proving the hand-writing, &c;, a verdict is returned for the plaintiff. Thus do we find the same Court, which refuses to acknow- ledge the propriety of customers paying a fair and moderate price for their re- freshments, enforcing, by means of the acceptance alluded to, the payment of grog scores of the most exhorbitant and improper description. ( It would, unques- tionably, be far better were the Court to allow, on such cases, what was reasonable and proper, and whenever the case was brought forward, and the items proved to have been delivered, for the Court to strike off such portion of the bill as might be deemed improper ; but the allowing a man to legally act dishonestly, is ridicu- lous ; but so it is, for there can be no question about the dishonesty of a man running iuto debt with a publican, and putting him at defiance, because he knows the publican cannot sue him and recover the just amount due. It is with considerable feeling of regret that we announce the execution of Aspi- nal and Robinson, who were convicted at the last Criminal Sessions, of stealing in a dwelling-house, and who were also, more than suspected of plundering the Mail. That these men richly deserved their fate, there cannot be a question ; it is not, therefore, on their account that we regret the severest sentence of the law should have been carried into effect, but it is on account of such an occasión as Christmas time being ap- pointed as the period at which two miserable wretches should become sacri- ficed to the laws of their country. A more fitting time might certainly have been chosen-why, then, name such a day tor the terrible example? The an- cients offered sacrifices on their festivals, and from the circumstances, it would ap- pear that with us tho greatest festival of the Christian church could not pass by without some similar sacrifice being of- fered ; for, be it remembered, this is not the first Christmas that we have made similar observations. We cannot imagine that the execution was appointed for this morning purposely because it was the day before Christmas-we are willing to be- lieve it arose by mere chance, and that the poor guilty wretches were allowed a certain number of hours to prepare them- selves for Death after their doom had been sealed by the Executive Council. Be this as it may, it does not alter the tacts of the case. At this season, when evary Christian is preparing to welcome the birth-day of his Saviour, and wishing to keep the day as a holy festival, there appears something terrible in appropriating the previous morning to the execution of two human beings; and, however richly they merited their fate, the feeling of the community might have been considered ; and, although the culprits could have no claim to demand an extension of life for a few days, still we conceive the aulho- rities might wisely have delayed the exe- cution, and not mixed up with the festivi- ties of Chiistmas the awful tragedy of executing a couple of miserable criminals, in England, we never recollect executions taking place so near Christmas, even when most atrocious crimes have been committed -the feelings of the people are there studied, and they are supposed,_by the Authori- ties, to be sensitive as to the awful and necessary example. Here, however, it would appear that the people are con- sidered more hardened, and that an exe- cution is merely a matter of trivial impor- tance : whatever might have been the case formerly, we are happy in saying, it is not so now-the few instances of the severe sentence of death being enforced has had the best effect ; and in lieu of many individuals witnessing executions as a matter of ordinary importance, the rarity of them has made them to be con- sidered what they really are, or what they reallv ought to be, an example to others, and not a punishment inflicted only on the wretched culprit. [t cannot be presumed that such a punishment, unless inflicted as an example to others, can be proper -for to deprive a human being of life foi the purpose of chastising him, would be worse than ridiculous. If, then, the se- verest sentence of the law be carried into effect, let it bear with it all the pomp and solemnity necessary, to impress the public with the awful consequences certain to follow the infringement of the law laid down for the protection of the community. Therefore, we add, that appointing an execution as an example, during the fes- tivities of the Chiistmas week, was incon- siderate and hurtful to the feelings of all thinking men, who consider the birth day of our Saviour entitled to that reverence and devotion, which all good Christians are taught to believe. In one of the last A fad's we have re- ceived, we find the. following well written and excellent paper on '* .Modern Chari- table Amusements." Our society is too limited to allow its application to fix upon any of our community as a lesson, al- though there are several that might receive a benefit from its careful perusal: "The charitable disposition of Great Britain must needs lay under some imputation with foreigners, who find that little benevolent money is now forthcoming, except What is col- lected at masquerades, balls, and fancy fairs. We may trace the whole round of human ca- lamity, and find no argument so persuasive upon the purse-strings, as one recommended by either ot these tangible shapes. If devour- ing lobster salads, chattering with handsome girls, and driving about in open carriages, be the way to accumulate virtue,-the path to heaven is indeed " primrose," The ingenuity of the nineteenth century is at least as ad- mirable as Its ethics; -it reconciles seeming inconsistencies-puts on a harlequin's vest for the indulgence of sympathy ; dances for the benefit of the broken-legged and bed ridden in hospitals ; and feeds the plethoric to keep the poor from starving. Provided the public get the amusement, they care little who gets the proceeds ; whether Paganini or the Poles, It has been argued that an appeal to the general selfishness for the purpose of raising charitable funds, is a course fully justified by its object, and that we must not be over particular in the manner of raising money; provided money be raised. This appears to us very questionable policy, or, at least, to be resorted to only in extreme and urgent cases. What must be the inevitable conséquence of our expecting some- thing as a set off- to every shilling,we give away in charity, if not that in the end we shall hardly have a " doit for a lame beggar" without a quid pro quo f According to Rochefaucault, the root of all charity is selfish ; yet in some forms it is, it must be allowed, a kind of selfishness that might well become angels. A Howard and a Mrs Fry, made uneasy by reflections on the pain and misery that exist in the world, re- lieve themselves by visiting prisons and dun- geons ; the commiseration of a modern young lady or gentleman carries them to Beulah Spa. In old-fashioned alms giving, sympathy was held to be something as well as money. There may be even a grace in bestowing a penny on a helpless fellow-creature, who would certainly rather have it dropped into his hat, than thrown contemptuously in the dirt. But the result is all that is looked at in these utilitarian times ; provided the wretched receive relief, the idea of conferring it in the most,delicate and accep- table manner, never enters the head. It is too absurdly sentimental. One cannot attend a, charity sermon for a Sunday school, at which the poor children are not made, in some hymn or other, to belaud their benefactors in terms that would put any modest individual to blush. The praises, however, are all swallowed, and Muggins never feels the force of the satire, which represents him as an angel of mercy for subscribing a pound, and putting a shilling a year into the plate. He goes home, therefore, and eats a great deal of roast veal, in the thought that it ali the world were like him-! It must be conceded, as a high proof of civi lization in this most charitable age, that the virtue is exercised without any of the disagree- able shocks which used to attend it. No bad sights, sounds, or odours annoy the mind or body : all are removed. It is the province of Mr. Birch, the confectioner, to remind us of " the icy fang and the seasons' différence," not of rags and squalor. less thus appear to exercise a moral influence, and improve the heart, while they spoil the teeth. Doubtless the charitable should enjoy themselves, and a good conscience ought never to be without a good appetite. The proceedings oí those pa- trons of public institutions, who assemble an- nually to exalt their hearts, and stimulate their philanthrophy over a good tavern dinner, are therefore perfectly comprehensible. Sweet reflections on the past, and good resolutions for the future, are both heightened and improved by a moderate libation, which puts the mind in a genial frame. In-the glow of his libera- lity and corporeal satisfaction, our charity diner finds within himself some emanation of the divine benevolence. He has no pity for him- self, hut a superabundance at the service ot the world. His extremest wants are bounded by the decanter-port adds poignancy to his feel- ings, and his over-fraught heart, at last vents its excess in tears. But we must remember that the good has been done, which warrants this festive indulgence ; whereas in most of our balls, masquerades, &c;, the good is still to do-and it is certainly an anomaly in chari- table conduct, which makes the sufferings of fellow-beings the motive to enjoyment. Whether the present epidemical rage for playing at shop-keeping, under the name of fancy fairs, be becoming to the sex, is matter for grave consideration. An amateur of the ideal of the female character (not without a proper admiration for the substantial graces) would perhaps assert, that an elegant woman was never so attractive, as when most like her- self. Acting is good upon the stage-but it should be confined to the professors of the art. If the ambition of common people to ape the style and manners of their superiors in station, be a proof ot vulgarity, the result is the same, when the relative positions are inverted. There is a low life above stairs, as well as a high life below stairs. A shopman out on a fortnight's holiday, placing the man of fashion at a water- ing place, has been long esteemed a proper subject for a farce; but there is nothing in this low ambition a jot more ridiculous, than in a duchess presiding at a stall in a bazaar. The latter has the advantage, we confess, of a benevolent motive, but great ladies must still practice the virtues, with reference to what their sphere in life demands, or where is the line to be drawn ? What pranks may not be played, and how is society to be kept unvulgar and respectable, when each may change places at will, and the Duchess become the milk maid, and the milk-maid, the Duchess ? If the House of Lords were to put on aprons, and stand in Newgate-market for to sell bacon, butter, and cheese, for the benefit of the poor, it is probable that they would get a great deal of custom, but the proceedings would not be dignified. A monarch cutting capers on the tight rope, might raise a fund from the spectators, sufficient to pay off the national debt-but who would ap- prove of such an exhibition ? It was rather an unreasonable fit of laughter, in which Philip of Macedon indulged, when, entering a tent sud- denly, he caught a poet in the act of frying a conger. He might have reflected that, though the business of a poet is poetry, and not cookery, yet poets have stomachs to satisfy, and ser- vants are not always at hand. The bard, had however, compromised his dignity, and raised a ludicrous association of ideas, to which no- thing contributes so powerfully as the sight of mean employments, assumed by persons of dig- nity. We laugh heartily for the hundredth time, when, in a certain chapter of an old French romance, which treats of the occupa- tion of illustrious men deceased, in the nether regions, we find Themistocles a looking-glass maker, liueus a miller, Drusus a money-taker at the playhouses, Hannibal, a kettle maker, and Launcelot of the Lake, a costermonger. This is descending from the heroic with a ven- geance. If a lady of rank command serious admira- tion by her skill as a shopwoman,it is probably the situation in life for which she was intended ; she has, perhaps, discovered her forte. But it seems that, with all the boast of the high edu- cation of the sex iii this country, their intel- lectual resources are too frequently insufficient for happiness. Accomplishments, certainly, can be worth little when poetry, literature, and the arts, are relinquished to play the sbopwo- man in public, 'or to tell fortunes' and imitate the gypsies. ' The truth may perhaps be, that young ladies are so mischievously overtasked in the acquisition of accomplishment, that when they quit their tedious instructors they are ready to fly to any extremes of levity. It is only on this princIple that we can understand the rational of those very irrational congrega- tions, called fancy fairs." A useless Slab, of a very useful Board, was exhibited at the Police-office, the other day, by a "Villainous Convict Constable,'" who stated, that he was on duty, with ano- ther constable, on his rounds, ahout one o'clock in the morning ; that opposite Wood- land House, where a party were enjoying them- selves on the light fantastic toe, he found a woman and child sitting waiting, as she said, for some of the dancing dolls, and finding she was free, he passed on, but shortly after- wards heard a screaming ; he returned to the spot and found the Slab with the woman, who accused it of having offered her " a holey dollar for a kiss," which she had indignantly refused-which rather roused the ire than cooled the courage of the Slab-and the " Convict Constable" was induced to remon- strate upon such nocturnal caterwauling, and, to his surprise, the Slab was not only dis- guised as a man, but was, also, gifted' with speech, and swore death and destruction by all the pistols it carried, to the Convict Con- stable and all his villainous fraternity, for daring to interfere, at that early hour, with a gentleman To the further terror of the Con- stable, up started a ghost, cased in parchment, which so menaced and astounded the Con- stable, that he was glad to fly from such phan- toms, but the next morning reported the mysterious shadows to the Chief Constable, who ordered him to relate the doleful tale to the Magistrate, who, by his mode of enchant- ment, caused a second exhibition at the Police office, when both Slab and Ghost appeared and maintained their disguised characters, with all the self-importance imaginable-the Slab tn particular, by minuting down what " was best upon certain points," but his point failed, and he was discharged upon payment of the costs ; and the Ghost returned to the Parchment Chamber, on the first floor The first Meeting ot the Cross Marsh Agricultural Association took place on Wed- nesday last, and was numerously attended by breeders of stock, as well as by other highly respectable individuals, from distant parts of the Colony. There were not so many prize cattle on shew as had been expected, but we have reason to believe, from what has been said by some of our most eminent agricultu- rists, as to their future intentions, that this will be amply compensated by the next Show day Mr Stokell was the successful candidate for the gold medal, for the best fed ox, which was afterwards sold by auction to Mr Bayn- ton for thirty-seven guineas The silver medal for the second best was won by Mr Axford, of the Clyde The auctions commenced soon after the prizes were awarded, «hen some of the stock produced handsome remunerating prices-on the whole, however, considering how very well the sale was attended, the prices realized did not meet the expectations of the sellers. We are happy to observe the first Meeting of the Agricultural Association was so well supported, and we hope that the one spoken of will be but a prelude to the formation of others at Pittwater, New Nor- folk, Sic &c; We have great pleasure in directing the attention of our readers to an advertise- ment in this day's paper, announcing that a public meeting will be held on Monday even- ing next, at the Independent Church, for the purpose of forming a Van Diemen's Land Home Missionary and Christian Instruction Society. The necessity and importance of such an In- stitution to support and send forth preachers, in a Colony where provision for the diffusion of religious knowledge is so sparingly provided for, must be felt and acknowledged by every one. Too much praise, therefore, cannot be given to the Reverend Mr Miller, for direct- ing his attention and that of the public, to this important object great is, and has been, the zeal and solicitude of this gentleman upon every occasion connected with the great cause of Christian knowledge, and the moral and reli- gious impunément of his fellow creatures. We sincerely hope the meeting upon this inte- resting occasion will be numerously attended, and that a zeal and liberality will be manifested, not merely by the supporters of any particular church, but by all who feel the importance of Divine truth, and who love that Saviour who went about doing good. It is rumoured, that one or two actions for libel have been instituted against Pub- lishers and Printers of newspapers. We cannot vouch for the truth of this report-indeed, we trust that such report may be without founda- tion, for we rarely find either the libeller or the libelled gain anything by such actions- the lawyers are the only persons who benefit thereby, and thev certainly do so to a great extent. Next to a chancery suit, the most to be dreaded is an action for libel, but either the one or the other puts us in mind of the lawyer opening the oyster and eating it, and giving each client one half the shell of the fish, remarking that, that is the equity of the case Some few weeks since the attention of the authorities, was directed to a man who is frequently seen parading the streets, and who gives evident proof that he is a fit inhabitant for the invalid hospital of New Norfolk, no at- tention has however been paid to the suggestion, the consequences is, that the safety of his Majestv 's subjects is much endangered. We do trust this hint will not require repeating, and that those parties, whose duty it is to at- tend to such matter, will forthwith cause the man to be removed to a place of security, where he can be well attended to, and if pos- sible cured of his insanity. We are requested to state, that the Reporter of the Tasmanian was in error on the late trial of Clarke v. Pressneil. It was Mr W J T Clarke who was plaintiff in the case, and not Messrs Clark & Ladds, as represented in the report-the verdict was a general one, and given for the defendant. The last error arose in consequence of His Honor having (after the verdict was returned) stated, that one of the Assessors believed there was no contract, whilst His Honor and the other Assessors be- lieved there had been a contract between the parties. There was some little confusion in the Court, when the verdict was returned. We understand that Colonel Leahy, of the twenty-first Fusileers, is extremely fond of field amusement and drill husbandry generally, and has imported a quantity of an exotic called the "New Orleans Scarlet Runners" The rapidity with which they ran along over hedge, ditch, and paling, in that part of America, in- duced, it would appear, the gallant Colonel to try their amazing powers in other quarters of the world, and the attempt has been made here, by several of them having been planted in various parts of the Interior already, . We copy the following, addressed to the Editor of the Launceston independent, of Saturday last -The Lighthouse on the Low Heads, at the entrance of this Port, being now completed, it is lighted (pro. tem ) by a num- ker o/ «mall oil lamps, each having a tin para- bolic reflector. The lantern is placed about ia5 feet above the level of the sea, and has the : following magnetic bearings :-Hebe Reef, N. 85" E.; West Head, N. 71* E j Windmill, 1 George Town, N. 32° 30 W. ; Barren Jose, or Tenth Island, S. 41Q 30 W.; Five-mile Buff, S. 49p W. His Majesty's 63rd regiment's depar- ture from this Colony is fast approaching; in. a few days the greater portion of the troops will be on board, and before the expiration of another week, we shall, perhaps, bid adieu to oaa~of the best disciplined regiments in His Majesty's service. It is with no trifling feelings of regret, that we shall witness the departure of the regiment, for we have become so ac- customed to the officers and privates, that the inhabitants will miss them for much longer than they may, at present, imagine-the offi- cers, as a body, have become so mixed with the society of the place, that a gap will be left open for a space of time. On the regiment first arriving in this Colony, we must own the manner in which the military movements were ' performed, were anything but creditable ; but, owing to repeated drilling and thorough good exercising, under the judicious and excellent discipline of Colonel Logan, we now conceive them to be one of the best organized set of men under His Majesty's command ; and, as far as regards the rapidity of the movement of the light companies, it would, perhaps, be impos- sible for any commanding officer to show a regiment that would equal them. As to the officercommandmg.Lieutenant Colonel Logan, J we are, indeed, very sorry he is about to leave 'us : he has, by his mild and gentlemanly con- duct, obtained the best wishes of all classes ; and whether as an officer oras a private gentle- man, Colonel Logan is equally esteemed by all that know him-nay, we may go further and say, that ill-natured, backbiting and slan- dering as is a great portion of our community, we never heard Col. Logan, even once, spoken of disrespectfully-an exception which we had scarcely conceived possible to a man holding situations of such importance as have been held by the Colonel.-Tasmanian. The last review of the 63d regiment, took place on Friday, His Excellency Colonel Arthur attended, as also most of the officers of the 21st regiment. The morning was ex- ceedingly fine, and every thing looked gay and pteasent. The troops went through their various manouvres with a precision and accuracy truly astonishing, reflecting both credit on the men as weil as on the officers. A large concourse of fashionables were present, who seemed highly delighted with the grand spectacle of the military movements. The shew of meat this Christmas is far superior to anything of the kind before witnessed in the Colony. The prize ox, pur- chased by Mr. Baynton, is one of the finest beasts ever brought to Hobart Town ; in- cluding the fat, it weighs verv nearly 15 cwt.-many beasts have been killed, the weight of which exceeds 1,000 lbs. each. Besides the supply of beef, veal, of the very best descrip- tion, is in abundance ; the town is, also, well supplied with pork, poultry, and the other luxuries of the season. Last week, some of Mr. Abbott's men whilst mowing a piece of English grass on Jiis farm, discovered a partridge nest, with twelve eggs in it. Every endeavour was made to re- place the grass, but it was without effect ; the birds forsook the nest. This we believe is the first partridge nest that has been discovered in the Colony. The partridges, it is presumed, are those- turned out by Captain Briggs, who imported them from the Isle of France. Our readers will recollect, that this evening the Theatre opens, it is needless for us to say, the house will be well filled-the no- velty of the first performance will be quite sufficient to ensure a bumper house. In our next, we shall give full particulars of the per- formance, so that parties that may not he able to attend, may judge whether or no the Theatre is likely to succeed, as a place of amusement and entertainment. We promise a faithful critique both of the performance and the per- formers. We perceive the 21st Fusileers, are fast falling into the comfortable little civil appointments of their gallant predecessors, the 63rd. Is it true, that one of these newly ap- pointed Military Magistrates, sentenced a man to one hundred lashes in the new fashion, and two years imprisonment and hard labor also, for an offence which should properly have been tried in a superior Court? We are rejoiced to find that Mr. Gre- gory, our new Colonial Treasurer, does not intend dabbling in lands, tenements, and he reditaments. neither in Usury, nor suth like abominations, but in the solid substantial goods of this life, having advertised last week ia the columns of the Courier, for a good Cook. This, to use the words of the great Leviathan of the Press, " is as it should be." We congratulate our friends and pa- trons on the occasion of another, we hope, happy Christmas. Ever since this Journal has been established, the festival never seemed more anxiously expected by the inhabitants and now that it has arrived, one and all are determined to forget their past sorrows, and give themselves up for a season to mirth and jollity. Is it true that the Master Genius has kindly offered himself to the stage manager, tending his services as ballet master ? and is it true that the Genius himself performs a pas-de deux, in a most exquisite manner ? We should have thought a horne-pipe more calculated for a post boy, than any gim-crack French dances. Owing to the extraordinary encrease of patronage this Journal has lately received, the Proprietor has the pleasure of intimating to the subscribers of the Times, that he is ena- bled to very considerably enlarge the paper ; and which enlargement will take place in the first week of 1834. It is well worth while for any person just to call and look at the supply of all de- scription of dairy and garden produce, now exhibiting at Mr. O'Hara's, Elizabeth-street. The shew puts us in mind of a booth in Covent garden. It is with regret we have just learned, that Mr. Nichols, of Brown's River, an old settler, has been murdered, and his boat plundered of a large quantity of provision, on his passage to his farm outside the heads. Is it true that a public writer, who once conducted the editing department of an influential paper, has lately become a penny a liner, to a gratis paper? How are the mighty fallen ! Is it true, that one of the women of the sixty-third regiment conceived herself to be a match for the first man in the twenty-first Fusileers, and actually made a field officer of him in a twinkling, at the same time, putting a tinge of black into his blue facing? The twenty-first regiment have made a capital beginning here, certainly-two of their number having been already fully, committed to gaol for highway robbery. We have to request that our friends will not give any Christmas boxes to the men employed in this establishment, for printers are such a set of fellows, when they have money in their pockets. Is it true that a certain Police Magis- trate, has for a wager, offered to eat his own weight in hard eggs, within the space of twenty four hours ? 