INSUBORDINATION. To the editors of the SYDNEY HERALD. Goulburn Plains, Argyle, Oct. 5, 1833. GENTLEMEN, HAVING observed, with much concern, and no less indignation, the attempts which have been made, through the medium of your Paper, to represent the prison population in Argyle, in an outrageous and dangerous state of insubordination, I conceive it but justice to the Magistrates residing in these Districts, as well as to the prisoners themselves, that such vile assertions, or rather I should say, downright falsehoods, should be immediately and unequivocally contradicted. From my knowledge, as a member of the Goulburn Bench, of the conduct of the assign ed servants throughout this county, I can most positively declare, that no-such thing as insubordination, or Rockite threats, either exists or has existed amongst the pri soners within the last two years, and cer tainly not during the present Colonial Ad ministration. It is, indeed, difficult to comprehend how, or for what purpose, such a report could have been framed. So utterly untrue, and even destitute of the remotest shadow of probabi lity is it, that although at all times averse to publicity of any kind, yet I unhesitatingly affix my name to a contradiction of these reports, and fearlessly challenge the reporter of them to declare himself, and come forward with his proofs. As to the Rockite notices, as they are termed, meaning, I sup pose, threats of personal violence, I never heard but of one occurrence in Argyle, which could be tortured into such a designation, and although I am at a loss to guess whom your immediate reporter may be, I perceive at once, by some of the words "quoted," that it is from this occurrence he has conjured up his Ghost of Incendiarism and Rockiteism:- He alludes to a paltry placard which was put up on my own farm, some six or eight months ago, the only one which was ever heard of in this part of the country, - but which alluded solely to the conduct of two Magistrates, and had not the slightest reference to Incendiarism, systematic revenge, or any kind of intimida tion from servant to master. As a matter of course, the assigned servants on the farm were blamed for it at the time, yet to this day it has never been proved to have been the deed of any convict; on the contrary, a re cent discovery leads to the supposition, that it had emanated from a free settler, whose con vict wife had been sent to the Factory by the Bench for a misdemeanour. Although the present extraordinary outcry which you have circulated against the conduct of prisoners in Argyle is somewhat mysterious, there is perhaps, too much reason to fear, that it had its origin in some factious motive or party feeling. That some insubordination has existed here of late, I am not prepared to deny; but that this has arisen from the defects or from inefficiency in the Local enactments, I have never heard any Settler in Argyle as sert. Indeed I believe every one in it will agree with me, in ascribing it to other causes, and amongst them to the progressive increase of our free and prison population, dis persed over an immense tract of territory, far from the control of Magistrates; also to an inefficient and badly managed constabulary; & to many other circumstances which it is un necessary for me to enumerate here. I have certainly witnessed an increase of insubordi nation on my own. farm, but I ascribe it entirely to drunkennesss, and the facilities afforded to my government men of obtaining spirituous liquors from illicit dealers. From what I now state, I am not without the hope that you will perceive the imposition that has been put upon you; and candidly retract the false rumours inadvertently disseminated by your Journal, which cannot fail to be inju rious to the advancement of these southern districts; and what is worse, from the publicity which you have given them, may at length be come realised; and when too late, cause you to repent that you gave the first lesson to the ruthless and daring among the Convicts, how to take a sure and ruinous revenge on their unfortunate employers. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, ANDREW GIBSON, J. P. 