POETRY. SELECT. THE BLISTER. Mrs. Tabitha Waddle, of Billinsgate Ward, Was woefully troubled with fits, And with midnight vagaries would oft wake her lord, Mr. Deputy Waddle, of Billingsate Ward, And scare him clean out of his wits ! Mr. Deputy Waddle, though fond of his spouse, Thought this nightly disturbance a bore, And once ventured to say—" I'll not sleep in the house For you know, Mrs. Waddle, I'd not give a souse To snooze less than two hours, at a snore !" Waddle, hopeless of rest, took his wife to a quack, Told her case, and begg'd Puff would assist her : Puff, nobly disdaining the regular track But just taking a hint from the lady's broad back, Said—"I'll send Mrs. Waddle a blister !" Night came,—and the blister came too, which full close On Dame Waddle's' broad shoulders was spread. Mr. Waddle retired to his downy repose ; Mrs Tab. lagg'd behind,—took her comforting dose,— And, then, follow'd her Waddy to bed ! The dearies were soon sound asleep,—and the bell Of the neighbouring clock had struck four !— When the Deputy jump'd out of bed with a yell— (You'd have fancied he suffer'd the torments of hell!)— And roll'd, writhing with pain, on the floor ! Up rose Mrs. Waddle in fluster and fright,— Seiz'd the rushlight,—and shook like a jelly : She started,—she scream'd,—for lo !— horrible sight ! The blister had slipt from her back in the night, And stuck fast on the Deputy's belly ! — We find in a lately publithed work, entitled Personal Sketches of his own times, by Sir Jonah Barrington, the following interesting anecdotes. The first exemplifies the practice of surgery;—the latter is a mere personal sketch. The Farrier and the Whipper-in. The preliminary part of this story may be very briefly told. Tom White, the whip- per-in of Blandsfort, in his eagerness to pull off the scut of a hare, leaped into a gravel pit and broke his back. The faculty conceiving him past all hope of a cure, he was handed over to the farrier:— "The farrier first stripped Tom to his shirt, and then placed him on the great kitchen table, with his face downward ; and having (after being impeded by much roaring and kicking) tied a limb fast to each leg of it—(so as to make a St. Andrew's cross of him) he drew a strong table-cloth over the lower part of the sufferer's body ; and tying the corners underneath the table, had the pleasure of seeing Tom White as snug and fast as he could wish, to undergo any degree of torture without being able to shift, a quarter of an inch. "Mr. Butler then walked round in a sort of triumph, every now and then giving the knots a pull, to tighten them, and saying, 'Mighty well,—mighty good ! Now stand fast, Tom.' "Tom's back being thus duly bared, the doctor ran his immense thumb from top to bottom along the spine, with no slight de- gree of pressure ; and whenever the whipper-in roared loudest, Mr. Butler marked the spot he was touching with a lump of chalk. Having, in that way, ascertained the tender parts, he pressed them with all his force, as if he were kneading dough— just, as he said, to settle the joints quite even. * * * * * * " The operator, having concluded his re- connoitering, proceeded to real action. He drew parallel lines with chalk down Tom's back—one on each side the back-bone ; at particular points he made a cross-stroke, and at the tender parts a double one : so that Tom had a complete ladder delineated on his back, as if the doctor intended that something should mount by it from his waistband to his cravat. " The preliminaries being thus gone through, and Mr. Butler furnished with a couple of red-hot irons, such as maimed horses are fired with, he began, in a most deliberate and skilful manner to fire Tom according to the rules and practice of the ars veterinaria. The poor fellow's bellowing, while under the actual cautery, all the people said, they verily believed was the loudest ever heard in that country since the massacre of Mullymart. This part of the operation, indeed was by no means superficially performed, as Mr. Butler mended the lines made them all of a uniform depth and colour, much as the writing-master mends the letters and strokes in a child's copy-book : and as they were very straight and regular, and too well broiled, to suffer any effusion of red blood, Tom's back did not look much the worse for the tattooing. In truth, if my readers recollect the excellent mode of making a cut down each side of a saddle of mutton, just to elicit the brown gravy, they will have a good idea of the longitudinal cauteries in question. On three or four of the tended places before mentioned Mr. But- ler drew his transverse cross bars, which quit took off the uniform appearance, and gave a sort of a garnished look to the whole drawing, which seemed very much to gratify the operator, who again walked round and round the body several times with a red- hot iron in his hand, surveying, and here and there retouching the ragged or uneven parts. This finishing rendered the whipper-in rather hoarse, and his first roars were now changed to softer notes—somewhat as an opera singer occasionally breaks into his falsetto. "'Howld your bother,' said Mr. Butler, to whom Tom's incessant shreaking had become very disagreable: 'howld your music, I say, or I'll put a touch on your nose as tight as yourself did on Brown Jack, when I was firing the ringbone out of him : your are a greater beast yourself nor ever Brown Jack was.' " Mr. Butler having partly silenced the whipper-in through fear of the touch, the second part of the process was undertaken —namely, depositing what is termed by far- riers the cold charge, on the back of Tom White. However on this occasion the regular practice was somewhat varied, and the cold charge was nearly boiling hot when placed upon the raw ladder on the whipper- in's back. I saw the torture boiled in a large iron ladle, and will mention the ingre- dients, just to show that they were rather more exciting than our milk-and-water charges of the present day :—viz, 'Burgendy pitch, black pitch, diaculum, yellow wax, mustard, black resin, sal ammoniac, bruised hemlock, camphor, spanish flies, and oil of origanum, boiled up with spirits of turpentine, onion juice, and a glass of whiskey ; it was kept simmering till it became of a proper consistence for application, and was then laid on with a painter's brush, in the same way they calk a pleasure-boat. Four coats of this savoury substance did the farrier apply, each one, as the former began to cool. But, oh the first application, even the dread of the touch, could not restrain Tom White's vociferation. After this had settled itself in the chinks, he seemed to be quite stupid, and tired of roaring, and lay completely passive, or rather insensible, while Mr. Butler finished to his taste ; dotting it over with short lamb's-wool as thick as it would stick, and then another coat of the unction, with an addition of wool ; so that, when completed by several layers of charge and lamb's wool, Tom's back might very well have been mistaken for a saddle of Southdown before it was skinned. A thin ash board was now neatly fitted to it down Tom's spine by the carpenter, and made fast with a few short nails driven into the charge. I believe none of them touched the quick as the charge appeared above an inch and a half thick, and it was only at the blows of the hammer that the patient seemed to feel extra sensibility. Tom was now untied and helped to rise : his woolly carcase was bandaged all round with long strips of a blanket, which being done, the operation was declared to be completed, in less than three quarters of an hour. "The other servants now began lo make merry with Tom White. One asked him how he liked purgatory ?—another, ' if he'd stop thieving,' after that judgment on him ? —a third, what more could Father Cahill do for him? Doctor Butler said but little : he assumed great gravity, and directed 'that the whipper-in should sit up stiff for seven days and nights, by which time the juices would be dried on him ; after that he might lie down, if he could.' "This indeed was a very useless permission, as the patient's tortures were now only in their infancy. So soon as the charge got cold and stiff in the nitches and fancy figures upon his back, he nearly went mad, so that for a few days they were obliged to strap him with girths to the head of his bed to make him ' stay easy ;' and sometimes lo gag him, that his roars might not disturb the company in the dining parlour. Wallace the piper said that Tom's roarings put him quite out ! * * * " When the poor fellow's pains had altogether subsided, and the swathing was off, he cut one of the most carious figures ever seen : he looked as if he had a stake driven through bis body; and it was not till the end of four months that Mr. Butler began to pour sweer oil down his neck, between his back and the charge, which he continued to do daily for about another month, till the charge gradually detached itself, add broken-backed Tom was declared cured : in truth, I believe he never felt any inconvenience from his fall afterward." A Barrister Besieged. Curran and Barrington were on a visit to a clergyman near Carlow, who had invited a party of jovial spirits to meet them. Dinner was appointed for five precisely, as Curran always stipulated for punctuality. The clock struck - the guests were assem- bled—everything bespoke a joyous banquet —but the Counsellor was not to be found— six, seven came—day departed, and twilight approached, people were sent in every direction, but no tidings of him could be heard, except that he had been seen in the garden at four o'clock. " Yet every now and then a messenger came in to announce, that 'an old man had seen a counsellor, as she verily believed, walking very quick on the road to Carlow.' Another reported that 'a woman who was driving home her cow. met one of the counsellors going leisurely toward Athy, and that he seemed very melancholy ; that she had seen him at the 'sizes that blessed morning, and, the people told her it was the great law preacher that was in it.' Another woman who was bringing home some turf from the bog, declared before the Virgin and all the saints that she saw ' a little man in black with a stick in his hand going towards the Barrow ; and a collough, sitting at her own cabin door feeding the childer, positively saw a ' black gentleman going down to the river, and soon afterward heard a great splash of water at the said river ; whereupon, she went hot-foot to her son, Ned Coyle, to send him thither to see if the gentleman was in the water; but that Ned said, sure enough nothing natural would be after going at that time of the deep dusk to the place where poor Armstrong's corpse lay the night he was murthered ; and he'd see all the gentlemen in the county to the devil (God bless them !) before he'd go to the said place till morning early.' * * * * " The matter became too serious to admit of any doubt as to poor Curran having met his catastrophe. I was greatly shocked ; our only conjectures now being, not whether, but how, he had lost his life. As Curran was known every day to strip naked and wash himself all over with a sponge and cold water, I conjectured, as most rational, that he had, in lieu of his usual ablution, gone to the Barrow to bathe before dinner, and thus unfortunately perished. All agreed in my hypothesis, and hooks and a draw-net were sent for immediately to Carlow, to scour the river for his body. * * * "It was at length suggested by our reverend host that his great Newfoundland dog, who was equally sagacious, if not more so, with many of the parishioners, and rivalled, in canine proportion, the magnitude of his master, was not unlikely, by diving in the Barrow, to discover where the body lay deposited— and thus direct the efforts of the nets and hookers from Carlow. This idea met with universal approbation ; and every body took up his hat, to go down to the river. Mary, a young damsel, the only domestic who remained in the house, was ordered to call Diver, the dog;—but Diver was absent, and did not obey the summons. Every where resounded, 'Diver ! Diver !' but in vain. * * * "Mary, the maid, was now desired to search all the rooms and office for Diver, while we sat pensive and starving in the parlour. We were speedily alarmed by a loud shriek, immediately after which Mary rushed tottering into the room, just able to articulate:— " 0, holy Virgin ! holy Virgin ! yes, gentlemen ! the counsellor in dead, sure enough. And I'll die too, gentlemen ! I'll never recover it !' and she crossed herself twenty times over in the way the priest had taught her. " We all now flocked round, and asked her simultaneously how she knew the counsellor was dead ? "Crossing herself again, ' I saw his ghost, please your reverence ! "'Where ? where ?' cried every body, as if with one breath. " 'In the double-bedded room next your reverence's,' stammered the terrified girl. " We waited for no more to satisfy us either that she was mad, or that robbers were in the house : each person seized something by way of a weapon ; one took a poker, another , a candlestick, a third a knife or fire-shovel, and up stairs we rushed. Only one could go in, conveniently, abreast; and I was among the first who entered. The candles had been forgotten ; but the moon was rising, and we certainly saw what, in the opinion of some present, corroborated the statement of Mary. Two or three instantly drew back in horror, and attempted to retreat, but others pressed behind ; and lights being at length produced, an exhibition far more ludicrous than terrific presented itself. In a far corner of the room stood, erect and formal, and stark naked (as a ghost should be), John Philpot Curran, one of his Majesty's counsel, learned in the law, trembling as if in the ague and scarce able to utter a syllable, through the combination of cold and terror. Three or four paces in his front lay Diver, from Newfoundland, stretching out his immense shaggy carcass, his long paws extended their full length, and his great head lying on them with his nose pointed towards the ghost, as true as the needle to the pole. His hind legs were gathered up like those of a wild beast ready, to spring upon his prey. He took an angry notice of the first of us that came near him, growled, and seemed disposed to resent our intrusion ;— but the moment his master appeared, his temper changed, he jumped up, wagged his tail, licked the parson's hand, cast a scowling look at Curran, and then a wistful one at his master,—as much as to say, 'I have done my duty, now do you yours :' he looked indeed, as if he only waited for the word of command, to seize the counsellor by the throttle. "A blanket was now considerately thrown over Curran by one of the company, and he was put to bed with half a dozen more blankets heaped upon him : a tumbler of hot potsheen punch was administered, and a second worked miracles : the natural heat began to circulate, and he was in a little time enabled to rise and tell us a story which no hermit even telling his last beads could avoid laughing at. Related by any one, it would have been good ; but as told by Curran, with his powers of description and characteristic humour, was super-excellent : and we had to thank Diver the water dog, for the highest zest of the whole evening. " The fact was, that a little while previous to dinner-time, Curran who had omitted his customary ablution in the morning, went to our allotted bedchamber to perform that ceremony ; and having stripped, had just begun to apply the sponge, when Diver, strolling about his master's premises to see if all was right, placed by chance his paw against the door, which not being fastened it flew open, he entered unceremoniously, and observing what he conceived to be an extraordinary and suspicious figure, concluded it was somebody with no very honest intention, and stopped to reconnoitre. Curran, unaccustomed to so strange a valet, retreated, while Diver advanced, and very significantly showed an intention to seize him by the naked throat ; which operation, if performed by Diver, whose tusks were a full inch in length, would no doubt have admitted an inconvenient quantity of at- mospheric air into his œsophagus. He therefore crept as close into the corner as he could, and had the equivocal satisfaction of seeing his adversary advance and turn the meditated assault into a complete blockade —stretching himself out, and ' maintaining his position' with scarcely the slightest motion, till the counsellor was rescued, and the seige raised. "Curran had been in hopes that when Diver had satisfied bis curiosity he would retire ; and with this impression, spoke kindly to him, but was answered only by a growl. If Curran repeated his blandishments, Diver showed his long white tusks ; —if he moved his foot, the dog's hind legs were in motion. Once or twice Curran raised his hand : but Diver, considering that as a sort of challenge, rose instantly, and with a low growl looked significantly at Curran's windpipe. Curran, therefore, stood like a model, if not much like a marble divinity." — The Dule upo' Dun.—This phrase is the brief description of a design painted on a sign, which at the present moment, we believe, waves over the door of a public house in a small village not far from Clithero. In this rude work of art is represented the sable King of Terrors himself, mounted on a scraggy dun horse, without saddle, bridle, or stirrup, whilst in the distance a figure, which all the world would forthwith recognize to be a tailor, is seen in the attitude expressive of the most unbounded joy, evidently at the rapid flight in which his Satanic majesty seems to be engaged. Tradition assigns the first idea of this curious group to the history of a real tailor of the village, who, being impressed from practical experience with a knowledge of the miseries of wanting money, and indulging in the most exaggerated visions of the bliss of possessing it in abundance, had, in an evil hour, the hardihood to sell himself, body and soul, to the arch enemy of mankind, for a valuable consideration. When the appointed time for fulfilling his part of the contract was approaching, the tailor naturally became more alive to the horrors of his fate. In the midst of his despair, he had recourse to the councils of a holy man, who dwelt in a neighbouring solitude. This wise advocate, having heard the whole details of the transaction, bade the trembling defendant to keep up his spirits ; and being profoundly skilled in all the intricacies of ecclesiastical law, he gave such instructions to his client as enabled the latter, at the critical moment, completely to baffle the dule, and ultimately to send him out of court, in the rapid and compulsory style which we see so graphically recorded on the sign-post. The ludicrous catas- trophe is so well described in Mr. Roby's Traditions of Lancashire, that we cannot withhold it from the reader. " The time now drew near. The very week— the day—the hour was come ; and when the sun should have climbed to the meridian, Michæl knew that he should have to face the cunning foe who bad beguiled him. His wife would have tarried ; but he promptly forbade. He would not be disturbed in his intercessions. All that morning, without intermission, he supplicated for wisdom and strength in the ensuing conflict. He had retired to a little chamber at one end of the house, and here he secured himself to prevent intrusion. " Noon was scarcely come, when, true to the engagement, a loud thunder-clap announced the presence and approach of this terrific being. " ' I am glad to find,' said he, 'that thou art ready.' " ' I am not ready,' replied the trembling victim. " ' How ! roared the sable chief, with a voice that shook the whole house, like the passage of an earthquake ; "dost thou deny thy pledge ? darest thou gainsay this bond ?' '" 'Time enough," replied the debtor, 'I signed that connect ; but it was won from me by base and dishonest practices.' " ' Base, equivocating slave ! how darest thou mock me thus ? Thou hadst thy wishes ;—the conditions have been fulfilled—aye, even to the very letter.' " ' I fear me,' again said the victim, who felt his courage wonderfully supported ; ' that thou knowest I should never be a pin the richer or better of thy gifts ; and thine aim was but to flatter and to cheat. It is not in thy power, I do verily believe, to grant me riches, or any great thing that I might wish ; so thou did'st prompt, and in a wicked manner, force me to those vain wishes, unthinkingly, by which I have been be- gulled.' " ' Dost thou doubt, then, my ability in this matter ? And that thy most unbounded wishes would have been accomplished, else I release thee from this bond.' " ' I say and will vouch for't, that all thy promises are 'dying cheats ; and that thou could'st not give me a beggarly bodle, if thou wert to lay down thy two horns for it ; so I demand my bond, according to thy pledge." " 'To show thee that I can keep this bond, even comfortable to the terms of my own offer just now, and thy pitiful carcass too boot, I'll e'en grant thee another wish, that thou mayest be satisfied thou art past all hope of redemption. Said I not, that if I could not fulfil any wish of thine, even to the compass of all possible things, and the riches of this great globe itself, I would release thee from this bond ?' " ' Yea,' said Michael, with an eager assent. " ' Then wish once more; and mind - that it be no beggarly desire. Wish to the very summit of wealth, or the topmast pinnacle of thy ambition, for it will be given to thee.' "' Then,' said the tailor hastily, as though fearful the words would not come forth quick enough from his lips, ' I wish thou wert riding back again to thy quarters, on yonder dun hoase, and never be able to plague me again, or any poor wretch whom thou hast gotten into thy clutches!' " ' The demon gave a roar loud enough to be heard to the very antipodes, and away went he, rivetted to the back of this very dun horse, which Michael had seen grazing through the window, grazing quietly in the lane, little suspecting the sort of jockey that was destined to bestride him. The tailor ran to the door to watch his departure, almost beside himself for joy at this happy riddance. Dancing and capering into the kitchen, where his wife was almost dying through the terror, to whom he related, as soon as he was able, the marvellous story of his deliverance." The Disadvantages of Knowledge, or the Dictionary at fault !—" A little learning is a dangerous thing," says Pope, and a great deal of learning is very often found to be a very troublesome thing :—I was never more convinced of this truth, than I was the other day, when, whilst waiting in the coach office of the White Bear, Piccadilly, to take a place in the Dover coach, I overheard a conversation that convinced me that a man might become a foreigner in his own country, more easily than a native in any other; and, by too intimate an acquaintance with the Dictionary, render himself more unintelligible to the multitude, than if he were entirely ignorant of it. The interlocutors, in this instance, were, a short fubsy gentleman (who looked like a duo- decimo edition of Dilworth), and a thick, heavy, carotty-polled countryman ; a porter, whose arrival, with a large trunk, the gentleman had been apparently waiting with much impatience. " Dilatory fellow !" said the lexiographer (for such, by his conversation he evidently was), " where have you been loitering, defalcating in your time so egregiously !" " What did you say, measter?" replied the countryman. Lexi. Did you meet with any casualty in your way, that stopped you so ? Coun. Na, he wur an old acquaintance that stopped me—Jemmy Hancock ! Lexi. Hum ! and so you procrastinated with him, eh? Coun, Na, I did'nt ; —I went to the "Goat in Boots" wi him' Lexi. And had your dinner in the interim ? Coun, Na, we had it in the tap-room ! Lexi. Blockhead !—the terms are synonymous. Coun. Are they ?—I thought 'em, very dear ; —ten-pence for eggs and bacon ! Lexi. Confound the fellow !—how does this amalgamate ? Coun. Oh, I never stopped. Lexi. Ah! totally abstracted from the consequence, —fell into a reverie on your road, I dare say. Coun. Na, I didn't—I fell into a ditch though ; —ale were so strong ! Lexi. And came out covered with chagrin ? Coun. Na, but there wur plenty o'mud ! Lexi. Impervious dolt! Chagrin, I said. Coun. Green !—ah, I know now ; we call it chickweed in our parts, Lexi. I shall lose all patience !—you were born incorrigible ! Coun. Na, I wern't ;—I wur born in Yorkshire, —High- street, Wakefield. Lexi. Again mistaking !—do you never deviate? Coun. Na, I only goes out portering. Lexi. You want common ratiocination, fellow ! Coun. Na, I don't ;—I only want you to settle my account—one-and-eight-pence ;—that can't be dear,—such a load as this ! Lexi. I am foiled with my own weapons. Can you not discriminate even in a common case ? Coun. Na, can't take any less ;—it's more nor three mile, and case, as you call it, be heavy. Lexi. I must succumb ;—there is your money, fellow—go your ways, and let me thank Heaven, I am released from the purgatory of your obtusity ! Coun. I will, sir ; but you be very welcome to it, I can assure you ; and any other time, I shall be happy to serve you in the same way again, 'cause I sees we understand one another, and there an't not any mistakes ; and so, sir, as you have settled wi me, I'll go and get a drop o' summat short. The Invention of " Irish Blackguard."—LUNDY FOOT, six-and twenty years ago, had his premises at Essex Bridge in Dublin, where he made the common-scented snuffs then in vogue. In Preparing the snuffs, it was usual to dry them by a kiln at night, which kiln was always left in strict charge of a man appointed to regulate the heat, and see the snuffs were not spoiled. The man usually employed in this business, Larey by name, a light boy of cork, chanced to get drunk over the , cratur, '(i. e. a little whiskey), that he had gotten to comfort him, and, quite regardless of his watch, fell fast asleep, leaving the snuff drying away. Going his usual round in the morning, Lundy Foot found the kiln still burning, and the guardian lying snoring with the fatal bottle, now empty, in his right hand. Imagining the snuff quite spoiled, giving way to his rage, he instantly began belabouring the shoulders of the sleeper with the stick he carried " Och, be quiet wid ye, what the devil's the matter master, that ye be playing that game ?" shouted the astounded Larey, as he sprung up and capered about under the influance of the other's walking cane. "You infernal scoundrel, I'll teach you to get drunk, fall asleep, and suffer my property to get spoiled," littered the enraged manufacturer, as each word was accompanied by a blow across the dancing Mr. Larey's shoulders. " Stop! stop ! wid ye, now! sure you wouldn't be afther spaking to ye'r ould sarvant that way,— the snuff's only a little dryer, or so, may be," exclaimed ' the boy' trying to soften matters. "You big blackguard you, didn't you get drunk and fall asleep?" interogated his master, as he suspended his arm for a moment. " Och, by all the saints, that's a good'un now— where can be the harum of slaaping wid a drop or so ? besides—but hould that shilellah—hear a man spake raison." Just as Lundy Foot's wrath had in some degree subsided in this serio-comic scene, and he had given his negligent watcher his nominal discharge who should come in but a couple of merchants. They instantly gave him a large order for the snuffs they were usually in the habit of purchasing, and requested to have it ready for shipping by the next day. Not having near so large a quantity at the time by him, in consequence of what had happened, he related the occurence to them, at the same time, by way of illustration, pointing out the trembling Larey, occupied in rubbing his arms and back and making all kinds of contortions. Actuated by curiosity, the visitors requested to look at the snuff, although Lundy Foot told them, from the time it had been drying, it must be burnt to a chip. Having taken out the tins, they were observed to emit a burnt flavour any thing but disagreeable, and on one of the gentlemen taking a pinch up and putting it to his nose pronounced it the bent snuff he had ever tasted. Upon this, the others made a similar trial, and all ageed that chance had brought it to a degree of perfection before unknown. Reserving about a third, Lundy Foot sold the rest to his visitors. The only thing that remained now was to give it a name ; for this purpose in a facetious mood, arising from the sudden turn affairs had taken, the master called his man to him who was lingering near, " Come here, you Irish black- guard, and tell these gentlemen what you call this snuff, of your own making." Larey, who did not want acuteness, and perceived the aspect of things, affected no trifling degree of sulky indignation, as he replied—' And is it a name ye'r in want of, sir ? fait I should thought it was the last thing you couldn't give; without, indeed, you've given all your stock to me already. You may even call it ' Irish Blackguard,' stidd of one Michael Larey." Upon this hint he spoke, and as many a true word is spoken in jest, so was it christened on the spot. The snuff was sent to England immediately, and to different places abroad' where it soon became a favourite to so great a degree, that the proprietor took out a patent and rapidly accumulated a handsome fortune. Such are the particulars connected with the discovery of the far-famed Lundy Foot, or Irish blackguard—for which we are indebted to a member of the Irish bar, who was a resident in Dublin at the time."— Miller's Nicoliana. 