[From the SATIxtIsr of July 15th, 1,832.] LTu!tUr-(Gezn RAL It. D)..)arIto has sent to us a copy of Iis " Letter to lMr. Hume," together with the following note : "' The Editor of the Satirist will see by thie n closdc, how Mlr. HIume ihas bcee imposed upon. IHe will, perlnps, be glad to be apprised, that the individai:i who appear to have fiurnishcd him with inforima:tion, are identified with the part'ly who have misled Mir. Ilutac.-l Ithl July, I? :2." Now we beg to reminil General I).rling, that neither tih people of 'lEighlatd iii geiier:l, nor we of The .Satirtst iii particular, care a straw for such testiibmoiels A?S in this Ileter lie has exhibited in his liehalf, friom his ull,ordi iilite ojjiiai's ill I''wv loulth llm les. ''stilimo nials fromi thie ,liliciali of thll lirqui-ition, in behl.lf of the l (Grand Iqullaisitor," or of the * Supetinitendant of the llack," would, of cillrse:. lo equally trustl-\ ortih y. (t tlhe:e Oflicials, (Ii mL t lt, 1).t mml. o; hias himiself stamlped the character ; for in thI's lter, he calls M1r, ?1.L,r,, who is the Editor of the .Sydtnm llonArtour, aud naturally one of the iokst ienlightened men ini the colony, " Iiumlan liuj Editor;'' of coiurse, lie is hiimielf, " It late Iloainy bd/A Governor,"' and his oti cials are " DBotuayl/ 1t10 ollicials.' But, perhtips (J'neral Jl)Amt.L?i also re ccived an aihllress of gratitude, iffection, and regret, from the por' and( the .vufet'rint, of these colonies. If so, that is the very thlin fir him to publilsh on this oceason. That will form hlis trioutiphant vhiidication. The people of Eiighiluid have libegon to distinguish Ibetweei the interes:s of the man?? , andil those of the b'w. Soime odd notoiu s about " the greatest good of thie grantest numitber" have got imnto their lheads. "' The mob and the ;political unions," as the General's friend, tY/h,pping" W\r 'N)I.itA calls them, have, sonic how or other, got an i iilnlence over pulllic ophiion This is, therefore, tile very time for the General to lshow, that the inmanv, stllo are always the poor and tihe s.tuffel'ing, were actually thIlis whio displayed thle deepest gria. tit uhi', ,fl',.etion, uand regret, it his return to EuI s*IIl .tla lFoir our palrts, \\\'e hiiave uo doubt that the whili colnlu mioiiourned thl i, h ntvclenit C? .n1 - rail's di pirui';i that old ii ::`i 1.'!-l- , ~vllio is, biv piuire mistal:,? w t' ou king it. i :miiat Ith: l?eiial settlement of lloreton 3Il\, fur tIhe eirll iI his natul ral life," Eltud i fllo d of i earsi ocvr his chains ; that the velry hiurlril -hli?e vhich the (eiti'toll with ,idi I't i:ii thi I , L il.:u :'jl I: wife, (Ih:ubtli'ss lt. h'y sibo iui ii..!m.m' to \ilt'i j Li ) themr 1º'"i''V' i) tilithl : ols~ ·-,+: lhi,?Lk witll gritf, that even the. innee of the ohi womanI, who ce?,sequentlfy died of starvation in the streets of Sydney, rang a muffled peal upon her cfltin-that mourning was assumed by the amiable and accomplished wife of EDoWADns, who, for .havi?g in joyous eager ness left his station thie moment he heard his pardon had arrived, but before it was formally issued, was banishelt to a penal settlement, & hung himself on the night of his nrrival, and wat:, wihout an inquesr, converted by the surgeon itito anatomical preparations,-that. the ghost of Jos'ux?tSDnuS appeared, not clothed in a white sheet, but in black crape, thron;h t hich could be distinguished the beautiful set of irons, and the iron collar rivetted round his neck like a stock, with spikes about eight inches in length projecting therefrom, and chains running from the collar to the rings on the aneles, which, it is said, were " conveyed to the Government-house for General DAnLINo's inspection and appro. val, and in which poor Sous, though near his end and without medical attendance, was arrayed in the presence of the garrisol troops ;-all, all doubtless mourned the Ge neral's departure !-lt must, therefore, be a malignant calumny, that the (lay of the Ge neral-s leaving was celebrated as a Jubilee throughout.New South Wales ? To be serious then, (for we regret our dis position to butdinagfe and joke,)-to be serious; the General must mend his strategems and tac. tics upon this subject ; he must assume a new line of defence. .We would, therefore, in pure friendship, just whisper in his car. ' Dear General: you have been sulmonedl to England at a time by no means favourable to what you yourself would cull, I a Botany Bay or Convict Governor ;' for that thick-headed follow, John Bull, has just discovered, that like the slaves in some West.India Islands, he and his wife, after being beggared, are, undter the term emigrration, converted into the Government's breeding Catttle for such colo nies as Botany Bay; and your conduct, to say the least of it, has terribly alarmed him " We shall iceur to this interesting subject in our next, and endeavour to suggest something useful othl to the public and to the General. lWe are not clear as to the analogy between this case, and that of Governor n Wall of Gorse but it may be wortbhythe General's attention 