Domestic Intelligence We are assured, that the case of Mr. Macarthur, was under reference to the Court of Chancery at the time we published Observer's letter, and that it will again be brought before the same tribunal as soon as a feasible mode of so doing; shall present itself to the Committee. We shall therefore abstain from making any further comment on the question, as our object has only been to cause enquiry before proper authorities, not needlessly or wantonly to allude to a private case. We hope for the sake of all parties that in the investigation about to take place, the Committee will employ a Counsel on both sides to have free access to allI parties and papers. Ninety-nine in a hundred of our readers will hear with satisfaction that there is every prospect of Mr. M'Leay retiring shortly from Office in this Colony. His official residence it is decided upon is to be given up, and as his mansion at Elizabeth Bay is progressing, we hear he proposes leaving the Secretaryship and adjourning there, to enjoy his pension and beautify his grounds with the for- tune his ample salary and pickings have enabled him to accumulate, His Excellency the Governor visited Sydney, on Tuesday last.- to attend the sittings of the Legisla- tive Council ; he returned to Parramatta the same evening. The Supreme Court was adjourned on Saturday last. The Chief Justice sat in equity on Monday last, to hear arguments in the cause of Hayes et rex (v) Cooper, but, an objection being taken by the de- fendants Solicitor, that there could be no Court without a second Judge, the case was postponed upon that ground. The Court of Chancery has by no means changed its character, by emigrating to New South Wales. Mr. Cotton was endeavouring to effect an ex- change of his Oilice as Collector of Customs, but had not been able to carry his wish into execution. He may be expected out ere long, most probably as a Benedict. We are sorry, to learn that some hundreds of blankets have been purchased by the Government by private contract & net by public tender. The market is well supplied with these articles, and it is the first departure from the wholesome principle of tenders, that we have heard of since the days of General Darling, The Legislative Council assembled yesterday, but was adjourned until Monday next, from the absence of some of the Members. The patent slip building by Lieutenant Fother ingham, R. N., at the lower end of King-street will soon be in operation. Mr. Samuel Lyons's building; at the corner of George-street and Charlotte Place, will shortly be finsihed. Mr. L. has expended upwards of £8,000 on this splendid edifice, which is an ornament to the town of Sydney. General Darling, during his residence in Lon- don, resided in lodgings over an ironmongers shop where he was seldom "at home, ". His Excel- lency appears to have strong misgivings upon the probable proceedings of a Reformed Parliament, and has accordingly crossed the water to Boulogne where he can hear the news without experiencing that nervous excitement which every knock at the»' door occasioned him in England. He has enjoined his Solicitor not to accept service of process for him in any action at law. Patrick Thompson, the comrade of Sudds in living, and in safe keeping; notwithstanding several attempts to smuggle him away. Mr- Maurice O'Connell has taken charge of him. A gentleman now in England, who formerly held office under General Darling, has volunteered to produce evidence that the chains which were the instruments of Sudds's death, were destroyed and another set forged in the Lumber Yard t0 exhibit before the Council. If this be true, it is certainly safer for General Darling to reside in - France than England. Colonel Despard enteitained a select dinner party yesterday evening; the band of the 17th Regt. were in attendance. The trial of Mr. John Dickson for alledged for- gery is postponed until the next Criminal Sessions. The Tea imported in the Elizabeth has been purchased in equal proportions by Messrs. Bunn, R. Campbell, jon., Jones, Mohtefiore, and S. Lyons. The price at which it is expected they will commence retailing will be about £7 or gui-' neas the chest, and we venture to predict that it will be a long time before it falls below that price. Sugars are gradually on the rise notwithstanding the late large importations, and there is no chance of their falling this year. We have been obligingly favoured with some late Madram papers from which however we can glean little or no intelligence. The 39th Regt. was en route on the 13th of February to Banga-' lore, of which station Col. Lindesay is to have the Command. We beg to acknowledge the receipt of these cond number of the 'Hobart Town Magazine,' as also a pamphlet published by Mr. Barton res- pecting his dispute with Sir E. Parry. As soon as we have leisure to read them we will make such extracts as may prove interesting to our Readers. We are requested to state that the paragraph in Wednesdays' Monitor of Mr. E. Manning's Stores being entered and an iron chest abstracted. is without foundation. A large quantity of Salt Beef which was export- ed from this Colony to the Mauritius we are sorry to say has been condemned as totally unfit for use. The meat was well cut, and of good quality, but the salt was not of the right sort. An allotment of land in Upper Pitt-street ,was sold about seven weeks ago by. Mr. Bodenham to Mr. Mace for £400. the same piece was again sold in small parcels by Mr.B.-on Saturday last for 73½. A cabbage was cut yesterday by Mr. Sandwell upon his garden ground on the Surry Hills weigh- ing thirty pounds. A detachment of the 4 th Regiment 'King's Own' marched into Sydney from Parra'rnatta yesterday. to the sound of the 'merry fife and drum.' A Levee will be held at Government House on Tuesday next. The adjourned sittings of the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions, will commence on Wednesday next, the 29th instant. Several vessels have been driven on shore at Wollongong. DRAMA. — On Wednesday evening Colman's Comedy of Inkle and Yarico with the farce of the Spectre Bridegroom, were performed for Mr. Mere- dith's benefit ; the house was crowded to excess and the pieces were well received. A variety of songs and other amusements were introduced be- ween the plays. — An Amateur in Nicodemus was sufficiently sepulehral and grave. He looked just like such a personage as might be expected to ' re- visit the pale glimpses of the moon' either for recreation or resusoitation. Meredith was excellent in Dickey ; the horror and surprise with which he announces the re-appearance of the departed; and his quaint apology for the delusion. — that a ghost is a spirit and that spirits are apt to get into his head were a farce in reality. Buckingham was ex- cellent in Squire Aldwinkle, and contributed greatly to his share of the amusement; Mrs. Love and Miss Bland in Gcorgiana and Lavinia were arch and lively. The Castle Spectre and the farce of Love, Larc, and Physic, with the duet of Polly Hopkins by Mrs. Love and Mr Cooper; Dindin's song of The Bay of Biscay O, by Mr. Levy, formed the evening's amusement. Last night the house was thinly attended. Two ladies fainted at the Theatre yesterday evening, under the influence of ' Cooper's Ennis- killen,' some gents administered a restorative in the shape of real Jamison, which soon revived their drooping spirits. On our last pape will be found a letter which has appeared in most of the Englibh newspapers upon the subject of Transportation. It is the pro- duction we understand of Mr. Walker. The Mounted Police with the exception of a corporal and three privates have removed, to Jer- ry's Plains, about 45 miles from Maitland; that being considered the most central position for the Depot. Mr. Saxe Bannister after his marriage, with the daughter of Mr. Lambe has taken up his residence at Paris, where he intends practising his profession as an agent for English claims in the French Law Courts. The third Monday in June will be the next Licensing day. A Ticket-of- Leave man having been pronounced Not Guilty in the Supreme Court on Thursday, was ordered by the Attorney General to be re- manded to Jail, when his Counsel (Mr. Therry) moved the Court for his removal to the Barracks, and not the Jail, that being the proper recepticle for prisoners not under committal for trial. The Attorney General replied that, in a case exactly similar Judge Burton had directed the man to be removed to Jail until the Governor had determin- ed from the depositions whether he was a fit person to hold a Ticket-of- Leave, and that course he should adopt in this case. Judge Dowling de- clined making any order as the matter rested with the Executive. The Dryade and William are announced for London direct on Sunday next. Thomas Horton James has purchased a vessel of 350 tons which is loading for this Colony, and in which he comes out ; expected to sail in February. Mr. M'Leod of Luskentyre has in conjunction with Mr. P. M'Queen formed a Company for Whaling, and also Banking on the Scotch system Four ships were to be purchased immediately, and Mr. M. was to embark as the Managing Director. — Thus says the Baron ! A Correspondent in the Sydney Monitor, who styles himself anti humbug, is informed that if he does not choose to read the ' Australian' at its present price, he may leave it alone. Great complaints arc made oT the non attendance rwHnessesnt the Supreme Court, several trials ,r been postponed inconsequence; during he Cit week the Attorney-General was compelled r»nn«nt to an acquittal in one case. rSters has again scaped from the Gaol, he cut Lr S' & although confined in the condemned iKLnSed to escape the vigilance of the sentry. E I' iSeSy of the present Sydney Gaol has been E Sly pnin'ed out to the authorities, with what S, thi« is another example, lid was taken 6irIdeacdonySco.t was residing at Ins Rectory in ,1C North of England, whither he had retired o ov the contemplation of his. controve,s.on with £ Times on the subject of the Colonial Chap 'S^S« spoke a vessel named the rlkehn bound from JJuenos Ayres- o/Livei pool. A tie (7th of January. She had Newspapeis : on detaining accounts of the Falkland Is „ shaving been later, possession of by I he Lng. S Government, who had despatched a Manof fr there for that purpose. . The Authorities, at no' Ayres were highly incensed at this proceed, land Had directed a Court Martial upon the ?JKn of a small Sloop ol-VVar for not firing Jtelhe British OJ/cer who was charged with KutV of superceding the Argentine Flag by the ? ion Jnck. The plate however *;as quietly ded. and the inhabitant* appeared pleased wiih n change, but a remonstrance from the Govern ,cnt of Buenos Ayres had been forwarded to ?'execution.— On Monday morning, William ?irn'ev, who was convicted for the wilful murd. r ? John Keith, underwent the utmost, pena ly ul ,o law atlhe usual placeof execution, in , Sydney ?no! The culprit addressed the persons assem - led at some length, dec.larinu' his innocence. Tl.i* ?ev Mr M-Enroe attended him. This is another ?stance of the fatal effects which arise from ? Execution.— On Thursday morning Nanglp, ?uliins, and Jones, convicted of the robbery ol r Jaques, on the Liverpool Road, met an igno tinious death at the drop in Sydney Jail. On einir brought out Nangle confessed that he was uilty of the robbery for which he was about to ifl'er, and thai the comb produced on the trial as the property of Mr. Jacques, further that he as the principal in the robbery of Mr. Slanmnr's ouse at Jack the Miller's Point, and that the lood on the premises was caused by his having it his fingers with Hie glass, and that the bat and nrnps produced at the Police Orifice- on that occa on belonged to him. Mullins denied being con rned in the robbery for which he was about to Her, but admitted lhat he' had been concerned in any. Jones acknowledged his guilt. On the oi- falling life was extinct almost immediately. lie prisoners being, of the Catholic persuasion ere attended by the Rev. Mr. M'Enroe, A number of persons were fined at the Police dice on Friday last for using deficient weights and easures the Inspector realized £27 as his share o: e lines. A runaway from an Iron Gang w-s apprehended ; Mr. Robert Johnston, near Ann; ndale, on Sun y last, he was lorwarded in safe custody to rdnev. 