MEE TING of MECHA NIC S at S YDNE Y. On Tuesday evening, the 9th instant, a meeting 1 was hold at the long room of the " Edinburgh Castle," by a number of mechanics, to take into consideration the means to be adopted to remedy the distress (if any) that existed amongst the me- chanics of Sydney. Prior to the commencement of . the business of the evening, a desultory conversa- tion was by the various partizans carried onfornearly an hour; on the conclusion of this very interesting soiree, a Chairman was appointed, who on making his appearance, was challenged as being more liku a ghost than a Chairman ; the worthy Chairman acknowledged he was rather thin, but assured the company he UNI* not a ghost ; he then in due form " put the question" to the meeting, whether any dis- tress existed amongst the mechanics of Sydney ?_ and if so, what would he the best method to remedy the evil. To this appeal no answer was returned by the assembled people ; but a most confounded noise arose, occasioned by a wordy war respecting free and convict labour. At this juncture the voice of one of the tradesmen of Sydney became perfectly stentorian, and he " broke loose" in the ' following style-" Many free emigrants have come to my shop, and have received my goods and have never paid for them ; and others have served me such tricks, that, my tricks, not half so bad, have sent me a prisoner to N. S. Wales." (hurra, bravo, hurra, hiss, hiss). After this ebullition of sounds had subsided, Mr. Onions arose, and said, there was no distress ; he would immediately employ 4 good blacksmiths at 50s. per week ; and would give £5. bounty to any person who would bring him a good workman. Mr. Rooke followed, and declared lie would readily give 7s. per day to good cabinet makers ; and if required he would pay in advance. Several ungenerous individuals al this stage of the proceed- ings said, " that high wages might be given, but they thought Messrs. Onions and Rooke would expect the wages to be taken out in rum." This insinuation was met by the Masters in question with a flat denial ; on this order was once more re- stored. Mr. Moffitt, the bookseller, arose and said, seve- ral gentlemen who held tickets-of-icave, had not at- tended the meeting, they having understood it was a meeting exclusively for free emigrants, who were to assemble, to endeavour to carry such measures that would be injurious to t¡cket-of-leave mechanics. This was disavowed by the Chairman, who said it would be desirable to endeavour to raise the standard of wages of every class- Convict labour, Ticket-of Itave labour, and the labour of free Emigrants. This proposition was instantly answered by "bravo, hurra, the best speech made to- night, Sec." On this an adjournment was proposed, to give those persons holding Tickcts-of-leiive an opportunity of attending. The adjournment was then announced, and ac- cordingly another meeting on the subject will take place at the " Edinburgh Castle," on Wednesday evening next, at 6 o'clock precisely. ¿As might naturally have been expected, the various parties at this meeting looked solely to their own interests : the Colonists in general will only find their interest supported by the thousands of indus- trious emigrant mechanics who are on the point of embarking for our shores,^-ED.] 