ENGLISH MISCELLANIES. CHOLERA PANIC!-A ludicrous in- stance of the force of imagination, in connection with the alarm respecting cholera, so prevalent at present, has been mentioned to us on excellent authority-and na we oro as much averse to excessive fear as to rash security, we publish it with a view to correct unnecessary apprehension in the timid. On Sunday last, a respectable grocer, who resides in the neighbourhood of Chapel street, while enjoying his hebdomadal recreation of a walk, was attracted townrds a crowd of persons, who seemed to be en- grossed by some object of painful attention, and on approaching be fouud it was a poor man laid upon a door, and writhing and groaning under some severe personal affliction. A single view was «un- dent to sa'isfy him that the unfortunate man wa« suffering the hopeless agonies of cholera, and be shrunk with horror from contact even with those humane petsons who were about to bear the patient to an'hospital. He was a nervous mon, and all the 'rightful descriptions he had bear j of the ravages of cholera presented themselves to his mind wilna feaiful vividity, and he returned home depressed by the gloomiest reflections. J le felt himself grow suddenly unwell, and in a short time he was in 8uob a state as to excite great alarm in his family. Medical advice was resorted to, and the gentlemen of the faculty were surprised to find a case present- ing some of the most striking characteristics of cholera, but without several of its essential symp- toms, in a man of a full and healthy frame, who at- tributed the tortures he experienced to contagion. Some remedies were of course administered, but withe ut affording any decisivo relief, while the despondency of the patient tended considerably io aggravate his feelings.. At length H shrewd prac- titioner enquired into the nature of the contagion by which the disease was supposed to be commit* nicated ; it was described to him ; he followed up his enquiries by visiting the hospital to which the first patient was conveyed, and lie found him under the hands of a surgeon, in the difficult operation of setting a compound fracture of the leg ! The fact was commuuicHted to the hypochondriac- need we say that he did not find the/rorfur«./ leg contagious, and that he speedily recovered 1-Dublin Morning Register. SILVER HORSE-SHOES.-It is menti- oned by Beckmann, that when the Marquis of Tut« cany, one of the richest princes of his time, went to meet Beatrix his bide, about the year 1036. his whole tiain were so magnificently deco'ated, that his horses were BIIOI!, not with iron, but with silver. The nails even were of tho name metal ; and when any of them dropped out, they belonged to those who found ihem. it is well known that an ambassador from England to France once indulged in a similar extravagance, to exhibit his opulence and generositr, baring had bis borse abott with silver shoes to «lightly attached, that, by purposely curvetting the animal, they were shaken off, and allowed to be picked up hythe populace.-Chtilner's Edinburgh Journal. GRATITUDE.-John Brognier, bishop of Geneva, w.ts a swineherd in his youth. Being one day at Geneva, he went to the T.uconnerie to purchase a pair of shoes, but found, upon examining ins scrip, that he had not sufficient money. The shoemaker observing his crnfusion, took compassion upon his poverty ; " Go friend," said he, " you sholl pay me when you become a eanlinnl." Not long after a cardinal taking a liking to Brognier, car- ried him to Avignon, and made bim a learned man. He came at last to be in reality a cardinal, when he made tho kind-hearted shoemaker his house-stew- ard .-Olio. ANECDOTE OF ANIMAL SAGACITY. The day being very fine, I toole a stroll into the Zo- ological Gardens, in the Regent's Park, wrh my friend, and going up to the cage that contains two ravens, my friend threw in two pieces of bun, w' e« one of the dark-feathered inhabitants immediately jumped from his perch, and before his comrade could re.ich- either ol' them, he bad both secure in his beak, and rega'ned his former position on the perch, holding them uutil be saw his comrade at the further end of the coge. He then fle v down, buried one of the pieces, and covered it with gravel, and jumping up to his perch with the other piece, de- voured- it. He then jumped down for the second morsel, and regaining his perch a second time, con« sumed that, much to the annoyance of his compa- nion. This veryartl'ul and cunningdevtceserved to amuse a circle that bad by that time collected round the cage, and proved, I should say, something more than we understand by common animal instinot. Literarii Gazette. PERIODICAL TITLES.-Titles of vory curious description have lately been quite the fashion on the other side of the Channpl. 1'he Volet.r, or " Robber," was, we believe, 'the first ibat boldly avowed the system on which the editor collected his materials ; but, as the right of primogeniture is not recognized by our neighbours, it bas recently sunk in circulation-half of its customers" being pirated by Le Corsaiie. It has also another formidable rival in catching the pence of the Parisians, by name Le Fi- lou, or " the Pickpocket." Perhaps, after all, the whole gang are indebted to EnglUh ingenuity for the idea of their ti.les. Eight or nine years ago Ox berrr, the actor, started ¡t miscellaneous periodical with the motto, Exranta viuens (living on plunder), and under the name of " The Freebooter."-Lite- rary Guardian. " Cavaire to tho Multitude," is as good a smile as Shakespeare ever made, for where is the artisan, lut after having ta.ted it, began to spit and splutter as though he had; been poisoned, while the aristocrat, the one in a thousand, licks his lips after it, as the greatest delicacy. This article ia the roe of the sturgeon, salted down and pressed, and, is imposed into this country from Odessa.-Mirror. GAZETTED AND IN THE GAZETTE.-i These terras imply very different things. The son of a nobl&man; is gazetted as a cornet in a regiment and all his friends ? rejoice. John, Thomas is ja th« Gasttte, and all bis friends lemont»- Economist. A LONÖ ¡NAME.-In Crawfwd'i Em bussy to Siam on individu»! ii nïentiqïnd by the natue of " l'rab-maha-rajakro-pufiB-guru. AFUMIGATION FOR INFECTED AlR. Take murimic acid and nitrous ncul, of e»oh half an ounce ; put them into B quart bottle ; add of mng tiesia on ounce «ud a half; coriv »hi» about the room for a few minutes ; a powerlul smell will then be peroeived, which will be suffioiont ; then lei the bottle be closely stopped till the air begins to be offensive, when the sam« method must be repeated. Thia will last for months.-TA« Mother's Medical Cuida, VITALITY OF SEEDS.-On boring for wa'or lately at a spot near Kingstonupon Thames, some earth was brought up from a dopth of 360 feet ; this earth was carefully covered over with a hand glass to prevent the possibility of any other seeds being deposited upon it ; yot, in n abort time, plants vegetated from it. If quick lime be put upon land, winch from time immemorial has produced nothing but heather, the heather will be killed, and white clover spring up in its place. Jesse. Otto of roses, when pure, appears thick, as if congealed, and if dropped on whtte paper will not be visible when dry ; whereas, if it be mixed with oil. the paper wi 1 remain soiled. NATURAL HISTORY.--The earliest account we have of the singing of the cuckoo in the neighbourhood of the metropolis this season Was at Wimbleton Park, in April last; and the first fl">;orded song of the nightingale was heard from the royal gardens ut Kow, on the night of the Sad.-Athenäum CROSS READINGS.-Cross readings used, some yenrs ago, to be a source of amusement in the journals, and still we occasionally find enter- tainment in what feay be called stiaiUreadings. For ?xnmple, in-a Into" oratorio bill *we discover, "0 Lord, grant the King a Vorig life,1' followed by " Great Queen, be calm!" Then comes "Mr. Phillipa, the last «an," and " Miss Pearson, in infancy ;° and Mr. Templeton with ." The eyes of my love are as blue as the sky, composed expressly for him," which we consider to be lucky for him. Literary Gaselte. WONDERFUL EFFECTS OF THE CHO IEIU.- When it was announced in the Hall of the Four Courts lately that O'connell and his fa- mily had been earned off by the cholera (or appre- hensions of it), one of the long robe declarad that tho newa was incredible, inasmuch as Dan was the lart man in Ireland like to turn his back tine collimation --Dublin Times. NEWSPAPER DESPATCH.-At no pe- riod within our recollection do wo ever remember witnessing so much political excitement, aa the discussions on the second reading of the reform bill, in the House of Lords, produced here last week, and nevor was any excitement BO spiritedly allayed, as it was on this oocasiou, by the proprie- tors of tbe Crwrïer London evening paper, who reported the debate at full length each night up to the adjournment, and transmitted an express to their agent, Mr. Willmer, of Chuioh-.street, Liver- pool, whore it ni rived ?every evening at eight o'clock, and was received by a multitude of persons unxi ously waiting to leam the fate of their favourite measure. The Coirrifr express of the last day's debate, however, surpassed all the others : it left the Strand, London.'atei^'it o'clock in the morning, and arrived here at ten Vie same night, performing the 207 railes in fourteen hours I We are, informed by Mr. Willmer, who brought the last express the last 54 miles, that thousands of persons had assem- bled at different towns, wb i, upon learning the majority of .nine, expressed their satisfaction by long nnd hearty cheers.-Liverpool Courier. THE MAIL COACHES. It has been stated in some of the papers that it was the intention of the mail-coach contractors to discontinue running the mails with four horses, and that in their place a light carriage with two horses would be substituted. That arrangement, however, if made, cannot be carried into effect until the expiration of the ensuing three years, when the contract with Mr. Vidler will expire. The contract is renewed every seven years, when the contractor is required to find sureties to the amount of 20,000 to keep the mails in a proper condition to perform the various journeys, and for which he is paid at the rate of threepence per mile, an extra allowance, of course, is made for new carriages when they are required. The contract with the coach proprietors for working the mails is renewed every three months, and the Post- office stipulate to pay ninepence, and on some roads, where the mail travels at great speed, tenpence per mile for the conveyance of the letter-bags. Repre- sentations have for some time past been made to the Post-office by the coach proprietors, that the sum they receive does not sufficiently compensate them for the expense tbey are compelled to incur in con- sequence of the rapid manner in which the mails proceed ; but hitherto those representations have been ineffectual. The Chester mail was taken off the road a short time ago, in consequence of the pro- prietors being unable to work it with the Post-office allowance ; and it is expected that the coach pro- prietors will refuse to enter into fresh contacts for some of the other mails, unless more liberal terms are offered them. The Chester bags are now conveyed to Litchfield by the Liverpool mail, and from thence conveyed in a cart to Chester. There are said to he in England and Wales 50 000 public-houses and 30,000 beer-shops. The salary paid by this country to the governor of Jamaica amounts to about 7 000/. per annum, but the total emoluments of Earl Mul- grave, arising from the munificent allowance of the House of Assembly, w-'ll, it is understood, augment hu Lordship's revenue to 18.000Í, per annum. ALIIAKEM THE CRUEL.-Fron this moment, Aliiakem, who acquired the surname of the Cruel, was torn bv incessant remorse. His imagi- nation was continually haunted by the spectres of his murdered people. Solitude was intolerable, and sleep almost impossible. In the dead of the night he called his singers au-i dancers, and sometimes even his ministers and judges, as if some public af- fair of the utmost urgency were to be examined. After making the gaping ministers listen to the music, or witness the dancing of his female slaves, he coolly bade them go home. In 821 this whim pical trrant breathed his last.-Lardner'* Cyclopedia, History of Spain and Portugal. THE LATE SIR THOMAS BERNARD. The active zfal of this worthy baronet, like every other circumstnnce which exceeds the ordinary fclondard of cur conduct, or becomes prominent from the rarity of ¡is occurrence, called forth the wit as well as the admiration of his contemporaries. One of those modern travellers who delight in astonishing their auditors by incredible tales and marvellous anecdotes, happenning to be in company with a noble lord, as much distinguished bv the playfulness of his wit as for the profundity of his learning, told the following improbable story :-That, in a sequestered part of Lhly, when pressed by hunger and fatigue, he sought refreshment and repose in a wild dwelling in the mountains, and was agreeably surprised at being offered a pie, but, horror of horrors! on ex- amining its contents he fourni a human finger! - " Nothing more probable, Sir," interrupted his lord abip, " and 1 well know the person to whom the finger be'enged-to SirTliomns Bernard, Sir; for he had a finger m every pie."-Li/e of Sir H. Davy. ' At Pompeii, in the year 1775, a sub- urban villa was excavated, at the entrance to which, from the road of the Tombs, was found the skeleton of an individual holding a purse containing many coins, and medals, and a key. In a subterranean passage of the same building, amid large earthen- ware vases, ranged in order against the walls, were discovered twenty-three other skeletons, with ear- rings, bracelets, and various orniments, the bones of the fingers of some vill adhering to trifling articles they had wished to preserve. It is presumed thev dieri from suffocation, since the volcumo powder was ?o fine that the forms of their persons and apparel remained impressed on the indurated matter. Tho mould of the bosom of one is yet shown in the Mu- seum of Nuples. Zinc pipes are now employed for cold and hot water, and plates of this metal are substi- tuted for leada and sletes in roofing houses, both in Britain and on the Continent. The advantages of these plates are in their lightnass, being about one-sixth part of the weight of lead, and their not rtuting.-The Lan. Mcd.und Surg. Journal. INSTANCE OP THK BAD EPFECTS PRO DVCKD' nv Mxnounv.-In 1810, a Spaniih Temi laden with quicksilver, was driven on shore near Cadiz, the boats of U.M.S. Triumph, were sent to her assistance, and »bout 130 tons of quicksilver were convoved on board the Triumph, ami the boxe* containing it wore principally stored in the breaxl rnom. The wnatber being very hot the bladders which confined the mercury was diffused over the ship, and in the space of three week» two hundred men were severely affected with ptyalism. On being removed to the transports thov speedily recovered, bul freih cases nccuning, the Triumph was sent io Gibraltar, and thoroughly purified every articlo down to the b illast being removed. Notwithstanding this every man employed in restowing the hold was again attacked, and this state of things continued till the vessel's errivnl in England. Besides the company the eff-cts appeared upon »11 the animais on bonni, the decks won- covered with a black pow- der, the brass «nd iron work of the ship, watches, gold and silver, all shared the ¡nfluonoe of the mer- cury. Three men died of pthisis pulmonalis. No ram rd v proved effeoiunl THE SWELL MOB -" The gang com- monly known hy the sobriquet of tho ' swell mob,' have flourished for years with comparative impu- nity, which is to be a'trihuted solely to their very consi lernble resources ; and the following anecdote, though it may be considered rather irrelevant to the subject, will prove the correctness of the fact : One of the fratornity, named Page, had long been what is tormeJ, in the slang of the police ' a fiist rate cracksmen,' a-id was one of three «ho, in 1827, robbed the Glasgow Bank to a very large amount. A months ago he was arrested at Hammersmith, by the Solicitor of the Bank (from whom the author bad this information) accompanied by a police officer, and conveyed to Bow-street. On bis woy to the office Page expressed his conviction that nothing could save him if he was tried, and aftted to this gentleman that, if he would allow him to escape, he should reooive "£2,200. Al may be supposed, the offer was rejected, and he was lodged in prison. The next day he was examined, and remanded for further evidence : the dny after be escaped from the cell attached to the office, about four o'clook in the afternoon !''-Lauris on Grand Juries. . Within a dozen years, not less than 10,000 houses bave been built in an about Stepney fields. Some years since a builder, remarkable for wealth, parsimony, and meanness of appearance, was erecting a great number of small houses ; and being examined before a oommittee of the House of Commons in regard to . projected water company, he was asked, " how many houses he bad in the neighbourhood 1" He replied " he did not know !" " Hav.f you three or four 1" " More !" " Have you twelve 1" Moro !" " Have you twenty ?" " Mote! " Have you fifty V " I'll tell you truly," replied the builder. " I know exactly how many I had when I came out this morning ; but I can't tell within fifty how many I »hall bave when I return !"-The Ori- ginal. TURNIP BREAD.-A very good bread may be made of tuinips, br the following process ; \- Let the turnips be washed clean, pared, and boiled : when they are soft enough for being mashed, the greater part of the water should be' pressed out of them, and thev should then be mixed with an equal quantity in weight of course wheal flour. The dough may then be made in the usual manner, with yeast or barm, salt, water, &o.; It will rise well in the trough, and after being well kneaded, may be formed into loaves, and put into the oven. It requires to be baked rather longer tbau ordinary bread, and when taken from the oven is equally light and.white, rather sweet, with a slight hut not disagreeable taste of the turnip. After it has been allowed to stand IS hours, the taste is scarcely perceptible, and the smell has quite gone. After an interval of 24 hours it cannot bo known that it has turnip in its compo- sition, although it has still a peculiar sweetish taste. It appears to be rather superior to bread made only of wheat flour-is fresher and moister, and even after a week continues good. The carrier pigeon was employed by the Turkish government to convoy intelligence, in the time «f Sir John Mandeville," who travelled in the 14th century, »nj is alluded to by Baumgarten, who was nt Alexandria in 1507. At a later period, there was a «gular cbnin of posts, kept up bv high towers, between 30 and 40 miles asunder, provided with pigeons, and spnlioels stood there, constantly on the watch, to «acure the intelligence communi- cated to each, and triinsmit ii along. The notice was inscribed on a thin slip of paper, inclosed ina gold box of small dimensions, end as thin as the paper itself, suspended lo the neck of the bird : the hour of arrival and departure were marked at each successive tower, and. for greater security, a du plie »te was alwiys despatched two hours after the first. A GHOST. - GEORGETOWN, AME- RICA.-Part of those fine buildings knowu as Fox all's row, in Bridge-street, have been some time un tenanted, much to the injury of the proprietors, ss well as to the regret of all who wish prosperity to the town. Two of these houses are occupied as a board mg-house, but the lady who keeps it having no use for »be back buildings attached to both, one of them was intended and supposed tobe fastened up. Lat terly, strange sounds, like groans were heard by the inmates of the house-some thought it proceeded from one place, sorre from another, each perhaps at- tributed the noise to hu neighbour-the sarvant« were terrified at the idea of witches, ghosts, and hobgoblins. But no one dreamed of mnking search or injury into the matter. A few deys since the lady who keeps the boarding-house bad an applica- tion to rent the back building which she did not use, and ma le un agreement therefore. Hie sub-tenant proceeded to take possession, and on endeavouring to open the door found it forced back by something on the inside. She (it wes a female) rptreated in affright, but hsving procured reinforcement, and summoning courage by having company, the pertv i made their WHy into the room,-when, lo and behold! , " an unfoittiDatec w" was found stretched upon the floor" dead Î It is supposed she strayed in there, while following her netuial propensity in sesroh oi food, and having by some means closed tLe door, was unable to gr-t out, nod literally starved to death. When the offair wai known the owner enme forward end identified the cow, saying that as soon as he missed her he had searched in almost every direction to find ber ; he thought her absence the more Btrsnge, as she bad a_calf not more than two or three weeks old. - Kew York Paper. IRELAND.-Cork Assizes.-The case of Kearney v. Sarsfield, Collins, and Verling began on Friday The trial of this important case was instituted to tiy the tule to an estate producing nearly .£12,000 o year. The fiist logel talent in Ireland wns en- gaged ia the case, and the formidable array on both sides, together with the vast importonce of the in- terests depending upon the issue, which was to decide the validity or invalidity of the will of the late Thomas Itocbfort, of Gsrratstown, in the County of Cork, Esq., gove the record the charac- ter of very great novelty, and rendered it the ob- ject of much public interest. It was an ejectment on the title for recovery of the demesne lands of Garrettatown, in the county of Cork, with the mansion-hou e, out-offices, stables, Sec. fice. There wa» but a single demise in the name of Thomas Cuthbert, Esq., which was laid upon the S9th Dec. 1831. Several witnesses were examined, who proved that the testator wai of sound mind when he be- queathed his property, subject to some legacies, to the plaintiff, to whose sister he had been married I he case forthe plaintiff 'having closed, the Court adjourned till Saturday morning, when the trial was resumed. The Court was crowded to suffocation, as Mr. O'Coiinell was to have opened the deft-n dent's case. However, as soon as the Judge had tuken his seat, Mr. O'Conn-l! interrupted the reading of the will and codicils, and said, .' My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Juiy, it is unnecessary to proceed further with the reading of these documents; there was a prosecution of a criminal kind instituted against the defendants here. 'I hat prosecution has, in the spirit of generous feeling, boen abandoned ; and, in conseq'ience of such abandonment, we yield to our conviction of the plaintiff's rights, and shall give neither your Lordship nor you,' Gentlemen, any further trouble." The suit thus suddenly termi- nated, with a verdict for the plaintiff. 