Domestic Intelligence. —✣— Six hundred acres of land, at Brisbane Water, were sold last week for £365, by Mr. Bodenham. A small piece of ground, next Major Druitt's land, also pro- duced £102. Pease are not a common crop in Cum- berland, the climate being, from long ex- perience, as unfavourable to them as to oats, for a crop. Pease have done very well in Argyle this year, notwithstanding the dry weather. Pease will stand drought better than sun. The thunder-storm rains to the west, south, and north of the Blue Mountains, have saved the grass of those distant parts of the Colony, and have fa- voured the potatoes just planted. Our old friend Grono will never cease doing something in the jack-tar line, as long as he continues to have the full use of his very active body and mind, hitherto exercised in labours the most useful to his adopted country. In about two months, he will launch another vessel, built by him at his farm, in Pitt-Town. The Eliza Frances, English whaler, was forced to put into port on account of a mutiny which broke out amongst the crew, who refused to work the vessel on her whaling voyage. Immediately on the arrival of the vessel in Sydney, the mu- tineers were handed over to the police. Captain George Lawson, of the British whaler the Eliza Francis, prosecuted ten of his sailors before the Sydney Bench on Monday. After his deposition had been read to and signed by him, it was dis- covered on his cross-examination, that half of it was information which he did not know of his own knowledge, but what he had believed on the testimony of his officers. All this part of Captain L.'s deposition therefore had to go for nothing, and the further examination was put off till the officers could attend and depose severally to what they knew of their own know- ledge. Skippers are bad lawyers. We are happy to say, that the "Theatre Royal," as it is called, was in request on Saturday, and that the "corps dramatique" exhibited still further improvement in the profession The dark coloured stone now laying on the Sydney streets, is worth putting on. The white is an extravagant mode of lay- ing out the sum appropriated by the Council for repairing the streets. We hope to see none but the best materials used in future. There is plenty of the best at Pennant Hills ; the best, though dear at first, is the cheapest in the end. As the overseer of Captain Bunn was rapping at the door of a friend on the night of Saturday, a passer-by came up to speak to him ; he bid him good night, but at the same moment, and while his face was directed to that of the quiescent rapper at the door, he introduced his two fingers into the opening of the rapper's fob, and in an instant drew forth the contents, a silver watch, and immediately ran. Un- luckily for this man of brass, he was met by the constables who were going their rounds, and they not liking his flurried manner, took him into custody, and kept his watch. The owner came up and de- clared how the fellow had come by it. He was sentenced by the Charleys to the watch-house, until taken before the Police. On Christmas Day, a fire broke out in the kitchen of Mr. Chisholm, of George- street, owing to our worthy old Colonist's extraordinary preparations for the festivi- ties for the day. Fortunately, it was got under before it extended beyond part of the roof, which, though a shingled one, was not so combustible as is most other timber, such as pine, cedar, &c.; It created intense anxiety and alarm among the spectators, until it was got under. Captain Biddalph has hired Mr. Street's wharf on a lease of two years, for the convenience of his Steamer, the Sophia Jane. Before the Mail proceeds to London, she will go to and return, from Hobart Town. On Sunday, an inquest was held at Phillips's Tavern, Windmill-street, on the body of a ship-carpenter, who, in a fit, fell over-board, being employed at the time on board the Albion Whaler.—Verdict accord- ingly. Monday and Tuesday were holidays at the Banks, as well as at numbers of shops in Sydney and elsewhere. A fellow named Kennedy, contrived to place a shawl which lay on the counter of a publican, in Castlereagh-street, in his bosom, but not without being seen to do so. Committed to take his trial for the offence. A contemporary is noisily indignant at a private gentleman preferring to give his news to one paper in lieu of another. This is not fair. Every gentleman ought to be at liberty in this respect, and not hoisted into a public paper on such imper- tinent grounds. It is said, that a house in Sydney has bargained already with certain houses in Van Dieman's Land for 10,000 bushels of wheat. We doubt this. It is a very hazardous speculation. Our harvest has turned out much better than was expected, notwithstanding the smut and rust. A great deal of wheat was sown last season, and where much is sown, much will be gathered spite of drawbacks. Mr. Beveridge, we perceive, has an- nounced the re-opening of his very useful Academy, at reduced prices, agreeably to the custom of the times. Mr. B's industry, and of course, means of support, have been greatly injured by the Australian College. It is good to see competition in teaching " the young idea, &c.;," as in trade and farming, but how far it is either politic or liberal, for the public to subscribe to an A B C's. hool and an A B ab, College, to destroy such working school-masters as Captain Beveridge, we care not to inquire. A College should be supported. But that is not a College such as plain men under- stand by the term, which teaches not only the higher departmen's of learning, but also crosses the path of the humble in structor of the rudiments of learning. The William the Fourth Steamer re- turned safely from Windsor, and brought down a good lot of wheat. There is a talk of a Monthly Religions Magazine. A Miscellaneous Magazine will not answer in New South Wales for years to come, much less a religious one. He must be a novice who undertakes such a work. The Lady Leith (brig) has come round from George's River, where she was built by her spirited proprietors. She wants some matters done to complete her. She makes a good figure. Mr. Prout, we see, has started as an auctioneer. Having had no small share of experience in the art of wielding the ivory, we dare say he will pick up a good many crumbs which fall from the tables of his veteran competitors. The Agnes, Millins master, which left this port six months ago for the Isle of France, was wrecked in Torres' Straits a month after it sailed. Crew saved by Captain Friend of the Persian, save one man. We should like to know whether the Commander of the Agnes had on board a copy of Captain King's instructions to sail in the inner channel ? To shew what a Church Establishment, even a Reformed one like that of the Church England, will do in the way of mammon, its Head appointed as Bishop of one of his Provinces (Hanover) a field- marshal in the British army ! known, in- deed, as a merry, good-natured soldier, but by no means notorious for chastity, sobriety, or devotion. The requisition, now signing, request- ing the Sheriff to call a public meeting some market-day in February, to petition the King and Parliament for a House of Assembly, has not yet, we believe, been transmitted to the Sheriff, as mentioned by a contemporary. A man of the name of * * * * * * *, a freed man, has never ceased to annoy a lady of the name of Campbell, who resides on the Liver- pool-road, because the Supreme Court and the laws required her to be instrumental in bringing a brother, vagabond to public justice. He has been bound over to keep the peace. It is a pity, looking at the animus of this man, but that he could be punished in a more efficient way. A lanthern, it is said, is to be erected on Nobby's Island, at the entrance of the Hunter, in lieu of lighting, or rather pre- tending to light the anxious mariner in stormy nights, when the rain puts out the fire which is at present lighted every evening for that purpose. A constable, named Smith, has been committed to take his trial for an assault with intent to ravish a female prisoner of the Crown, who had been committed to his custody by her mistress, residing in Bringelly (Mrs. Lowe). " Competition good for trade" On this principle, Mr. Hyland, carcass butcher, and one of the pleasantest to deal with in the colony, as well in manners as in zeal and punctuality of all sorts in his busi- ness, it is reported, is about to overthrow the veterans Aspinall and Mackie in soap- boiling and candle-making. A new powder Magazine is to be built on Goat Island. A Mr. Bennett, of Druitt-street, has lost some property, by his house being forced on Friday last, while he was away from home. Mr. Lyons, wishing to make the most of his castle-like foundation at the corner of Church-Hill, proposes adding another story to that fine structure. Tobacco and Wool Presses are now ma- nufactured by Mr. Bayles. Mr. B. deserves encouragement. The Church and School Corporation is about to prosecute a person for carrying away one of the orphan girls, thirteen years of age. We hope they will do so, if the party be guilty. Two of the men under sentence of death for the murder of the late Mr. John M'Intyre, have been pardoned the capital part of the sentence, and are now on board the Hulk. The other two still remain in the condemned cells, namely, M'Grath and Daley. Counsel, it is said, is allowed by Mr. Rossi against a prisoner, but not for him. If this be true, it is extremely unjust, the law to the contrary in any wise not- withstanding. It is also said, that the Sydney Bench refused the other day to hear a money complaint, on the plea of its being a civil affair. Swindling, whether in money, bills of exchange, or pro- perty, is not a civil, but a criminal affair. We know that our Country Justices have improperly interfered in civil disputes, and even acted the part of Sheriffs. But swindling, such as obtaining money, or obligations to pay money, upon or by false pretences, are acts of a cri- minal nature, and ought to be heard and determined by the Police. Sir Richard Birnie heard a dozen a week of such cases, and committed thereon. It is calculated, that half the number of prisoners who debark annually in the Colony, embark annually for the Penal Settlements—a proof of incorrigable love of thievery in the penal population sent hither. The weather still continues very droughty, malgré the showers which fall here and there. Lieutenant Blackburne, it is said, has resigned the command of the Mounted Police, in favour of Lieutenant Daley. Some of the Mounted Police are acting the part of Magistrates, as well as Police men, i. e. of drunken Magistrates. This it is reported was the case last Wednes- day night at the Cherry gardens, where a Police-man, in disguise, proceeded ex- officio, to ransack the house. Another of these self-appointed, Justices, also drunk, acted Purtell ovex again, (knowing no doubt that the Suprme Court has laid it down as law, that the Police must be supported) and took the man from his own door in another direction, coolly saying he was a d—d rascal of a bushranger !" The schooner Friendship is loading (among other property) with colonial horses for sale at V. D. Land. We are sorry to hear, that that old Eng- lish custom, at once cowardly and cruel, is coming gradually into fashion in this Colony, namely, bull baiting. But to make it still more cowardly among our Australian " Fancy, ' the latter select old worn-out oxen ! Poor Price, the ticket-of-leave Jockey, being given to liquor, was for his mis- conduct in his cups, sent to a road-party, where he lately ended his mortal race. He was a lively well-behaved man, and a favourite with the swell Fancy. Charles James, who has undergone various examinations at the Police Office respecting his confession that he himself murdered the late Mr. John M'lntyre, has been forwarded under an escort to Newcastle, to make good his statement, by the production of the watch, which was hidden in a stump. The brig Bee proceeds to Newcastle for a cargo of coals, with which she will sail for the Derwent market. The barque Agnes, Captain Thomas, which vessel arrived on Wednesday from China, has brought a good supply of tea, which article was rather scarce in our market. On Wednesday last, a Coroner's Inquest was held at the " Coach and Horses," Cumberland street, on the body of Ann Smith, a child two years of age, who died suddenly, without apparent cause. Verdict—" Died by the visitation of God." The band of the 17tn Regiment attends the Theatre in plain clothes. The privilege granted to them of attending the Theatre, is a favour done to the public, as it would be scarcely possible to muster a decent band without them. Mr. Lewis has been appointed to the command of the Governor Phillip. Editorial candour and modesty. " Our object in these remarks, is not to sow the seeds of disunion between England and the United States.'' Sydney Herald, 31st December, 1332. This explanation is certainly necessary, for whover reflects on the vast influence which this journal exercises over the affairs of England and America, will acknowledge, that the ex- planation given with so much candour, is necessary to keep peace between these nations. Seventy more prisoners have been for- warded from the hulk on the Governor Phillip to Norfolk Island and Port Mac- quarie ; those to the latter place are special convicts, sent there under express regulations from home. By the Duckenfield and John Craig, which arrived on Sunday last from Eng- land, via Hobart Town, sixty-eight me- chanics, with their families, have been added to our colonial population, and will contribute to bring wages lower. On Sunday last, a Coroner's Inquest was holden at the " Sailor's Retreat" pub- lic-house, Darling Harbour, on the body of a man named Daniel Ciggan, who was drowned on the previous Thursday. It appeared that the deceased, who was a native of Scotland, was subject to fits, and on Thursday he was employed on board the Albion, in consequence of her crew leaving the ship. He was seen to fall overboard, and to sink immediately ; nor could the body be found until the fol- lowing Sunday. Verdict—" Accidentally drowned.'' The William the Fourth steamer is now worked with a coal fire instead of wood, which, seeing that she can ship her coals at the Australian Agricultural Company's pier without having recourse to boats, would seem a cheaper way of keeping up her fires. Several robberies have been committed during the week upon luckless wights, who suffered their heads to be overcome by Christmas revellings, and thus became an easy prey to the sharks, who are al- ways on the look-out at such seasons. The harvest is nearly over in the low countries, and the crops have agreeably surprised the growers, from the goodness of the grain. The wheat that comes to the market is heavy, plump, and, what is more surprising, clean. Mr. Singleton is about to dispose of his horse paddle-boat the Experiment. It will require, at least, eight good horses to propel her at a proper speed ; and the ex- pense of keeping the horses can scarcely be expected to be covered by the proceeds of a Parramatta packet. The vessel, if fitted with an engine, might answer up the Hawkesbury and at Illawarra. By the Norfolk, four hundred tons of sugar have been brought to market. On Tuesday last a new piece, called " Fortune Frolic," was introduced at the Theatre. The house was literally cram- med, and the performance well received. 1 ue plot is very amusing, and evidently a satire upon the British Peerage. Robin Rough-head (Mr. Meredith), a country clown, employed by Lord A.'s steward Snacks), upon the death of his Lords hi-, becomes heir to the title and estate, which he is determined to share with his sweet heart, Dolly Mayflower ( Mrs. Jones). But Snacks, the old steward, is determined, if possible, to effect a marriage between Robin and bis daughter Eliza (Mrs. Ward), to secure the estate to his own fbmily ; but Lord Robin remains firm to Dolly, who is, of course, not a little elated at the prospect of becoming Lady Dolly A. Lord Robin, in taking posses sion, determines " not to have a. poor man in the village, for he! will iijn»ake' them1 nil rich ; not to have a widow iff'thc piifiih; for he wilt marry ph-an, for he will father them allj'arid, coining to this resolution, he proves him self a capital Lord A. for the poor. Rattle , a London Exquisite, without a sixpence, is betrotned to Eliza, old Snacks' daughter; he had amassed no less than <£26,000 in the service of bis late Lord, determines to possess himself of the daughter and the twenty-six thousand both together. Ac cordingly, he gets secreted by Eliza in the- castle, ttnd, by working upor. Snacks (who happens to be mortally afraid of ghosts),. he makes hini sign transfer of the five per cents, to Eliza. Lord Robin discovers- ilu villainy, and at the same time finds hi? dear Dolly and her mother Maigery (Mrs. Laverty) secreted by Snacks in the custi$. 1<> prevent their crossing his expectativtx of uniting hi daughter Eliza to his Lord ship. The piecb concludes, by Lord Robin marrying jus Dolly; Rattle Eliza ; anil Prank (bid Snacks's nephew' who h is a wife and huge family, greatf neglected by Snacks, suceeds bis mK.le j the stewardship. The whole village V made,- of course, " very happy ever after wards." The pari s were pretty well sus tained ; and Mr. Meredith, a- Lord, Robin,, kept the house in great merriment, by his ludicrous notions of nohilitv. The following transfer of licenses took place on Wednesday last: — The " Globe Tavern," Castlereagh- street, from John Kin to Thomas Wat- kins , the " London lavem," George- street, from A. Poiack to John King; the " Royal Hotel," George-street, from George tsippe to J. M. Beruer; the " Hope," Gonlburn-streef, from Thomas Reeves to John Ilall ; life " Rising Sun," Cambridge-street, fircim W. N. Palmer to Thomas Reeves ; the " Fortune of War," George-street, .frdm Thomas Fieivers to W. N. Palmer; the " Wood-cutters'. Arms," Sussex -street,' Tropi Hugh Noble to Wifs. Btfch ; the " Governor Bourke,'' Market- street, from N. M'Culh.ch to Benjaniin SingletM "The " Custom House," in. Argyle-strett -from Francis Bean to Charles Williams the " New Inn,'' George-st reel, iVotn' .'James Slade to. James Styles; t.he Spread Eagle," Harrington-street, from Thomas Weedon to Wdliam Laycock ; the R Cherry Gar dens,'' Parramatta road, -from' Leth Hawkerto Thomas Weedon ; the Hope," in Harrington-street, from George Welsh u> John Clayton ; the " Waiermau's Arms." Essex lane, from Joseph to Win. Milling; the "Highlander," 'Clarence- street, f'om James Malady to Peter M CoriVvtck ; the " Rarrossa -Tavern," from VI iiliam Cook to William Dargin-; the "Currency Lass," Castlereagh-street, from Edward M'Cabe to Thomas Hand- ley; the " Bee-hive, Campbell-sereet, from George Payne to John Rubson. ; CKICKCT MATCH, FOR :£->0 A SIDE. The match between the Amateur ('Tub and t?ie Australian was decided on New Years Day fn favour of the Currency , to the great joy of the latter. It is, however, to be remembered, that there are Currency Lads among- the lhe Amateurs, and En glishmen in the Australian Club, so that this match is n6t altogether a riatiouuL triumph. It belongs chiefly to the Club. The following was the result of the inni-RgV: — AMATEURS.—1st Innings. R. Tress, B by Rickards ................. 10 G. Guet, B by Rickards .................. 6 M. Clarkson, C. by Gardener ......... 0 J. D. Nichols, C by Stephens ........... 9 J. H. Ward, C by Rickards .............. 1 C. Roberts, B by Rickards .............. 0 W. Roberts, B by Rickards ............. 0 H. S. Green, B by Rickards ............ 13 J. Earl, B by Wall .......................... 1 J. Savles, B by Rickards ................. 2 S. Ashford not out ........................ 1 Byes ........................................... 5 48 The Australians fielded admirably in this innings, and went in with confidence of beating, whereas the Amateurs were not a little damped by the small tally, and to add to their ill- luck, Mr. Ashford received a blow, which obliged them to substitute another player. AUSTRALIANS.—1st Innings. F. Stephens, C by Guest ................ 44 D. Hill, C by Raynor ..................... 26 G. Wall, C by Nichols ................... 24 T. Broughton, B by Roberts .......... 22 W. Brewer, S by Guest .................. 14 G. Cavenagh run out .................... 11 J. Rickards, C by Earl ................... 11 J. Carney not out ......................... 9 W. Hill, B by Roberts ................... 6 Cunningham, B by Green ............ 0 Gardener, B by Roberts ............... 0 Byes .......................................... 22 189 The Amateurs were ready to give up the game, and went in chop-fallen. AMATEURES—2nd Innings. G. Guest run out so M. Clarksou, B by Stephen. . 30 J- H. Ward, B by Rickards 26' J. D. Nicholls, C by ltiekards. ...... 13 J. Sayles not out 9 S. Ashford, B by Stephens 3 C. Roberts, B Rickards 3 If. S. Green, C by I). Hill .. | J. Earl, C by Rh kards — R.TreSs, C by Stephen a.... ;. E-y W. Roberts, ;C by Ridkarda.u . . . ; 5 ' lives v . . i:;.,. 5,1.1. (fr.; _ 5 -1 " : ' 122 Irv this innings,' tin® Amateurs played well leafed had their firbt innings been any hingjiafear the mark, would have stood ® chatitjjr of taking the game, as ihey were improving every minute. The total notches gaimgj by the Amateurs was now I70, whilsjl' the Australians were 1S9, leaving themltibp victors .in only one innings bv 19 n<(fi:hes; Another match was made on the ground between the same parties, the Amateurs thinking this match won by mere good luck. Mr. M'Kaeg, of the Hulk, hes been ordored to superintend fifty men from the jail in preparing a piece of ground at Goat Island for the erection of a powder Imagazine, the men being, of course, worked in irons. We suppose Mr. M. will be looking dut for an advance of salary for his extra services. ' We have seen a certificate by a compe tent judge, of the success which has at tended the Boarding-school of Mr. Ham mond, near Campbell Town, in the rapid improvement of his pupils since he com menced his establishment, so very useful in that quarter. Ticket-Men, — Great consternation was excited in the town on Monday morning among the Ticket-men, their relatives, and, above all. their creditors, by the pro- mulgatiom in the Government Gazette of a government order, annulling all those go vernment orders on which Ticket-men received their tickets, The order, however, is not retrospective-, i. t , it does not say that present Ticket-men are to return to go vernment service- We advise the Ticket- men not to talk. They are at the mercy of government. It is not only therefore common tense, but good policy, to trust to the forbearance and kindness of govern ment. At the muster of Ticket-men on Monday, no intimation was made to them that their tickets would "be taken from them. 