DOMESTIC INTEX.XIGENCH. ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION We insert for the information of the Public, an . Abstract. of. all the Publie Sales which will take place from this day's to our next publiealion. THIS DAY. .JOHN.PAUL-At his Rooms, George-street, at 11 o'clock, Cloth, Looking-glasses, Furniture, &C;&C.; MR. MACLEOD-At his Mart, next door to the British Standard, at 12 o'clock, Wine, Tea, Brandy, &c.; &c.; TO-MORROW. MR. MACLEOD-Behind theBritish Standard, at 12 o'clock, Boat, sails, &c.; ; and immediately after, at his Auction Mart, sundry Merchandise. His Excellency the Governor, will, next Wed- nesday, being New Year's Day, lay the first stone of a new bridge at Prospect Creek, or, Bowler's Bridge. The present bridge is of wood; it is to be substituted by one of stone. The arch is to be 120 feet in the span. Mr. Lennox is the chief engineer in the construction of the new bridge. Mr. Lyons was under the necessity of postponing for a v/aek, the Book Sale which was to have taken place on Thursday evening last, in consequence of his having been engaged the whole of that day in removing to-his New House, There is a prospect of the most abundant crop of grapes ever known in this Colony, and of a size and quality never yut surpassed, if equalled here. Who can survey this rich abundancy, obtained almost without labour, and not feel neglect at the negligence of our Settlers in this profitable branch of trade? Are there any causes of climate or soil, to prevent as good wine being made here, as at the Cape? If not, why is not the vine cultuied ? THEATRICALS—The first attempt ever made in this Colony, to introduce the drama of the immor- tal Bard of Avon,, was made on last Thursday evening, by the representation of " Richard the Third ;" the announcement of which, attracted one of the most crowded houses we ever witnessed. Long before the rising of the curtain, it was found necessary to refuse admittance to some scores of persons, who were consequently obliged to submit to the disappointment and return to their homes. On the entrance of Mr. Meredith, in the character of " Richard," the deafening cries of the gods for Mr. Palmer, rendered it for some time impossible for Mr. M. to proceed ; having however, obtained a hearing, he intimated, that Mr. Palmer had with- drawn himself of his own accord, and certainly would not appear. From that time forward there was an incessant roar in the house so that the speeches of the actors as they proceeded could but be imperfectly heard. Mr. Meredith's alto voice was certainly more prominent, sufficiently so as to give us some room to judge at his merit in acquitting himself of this great master-piece of histrionic art. His voice and action are anything but faithful in- dices to the workings of the soul of " Richard ;" but the ghost scene was one of the most unpar- donable absurdities ever witnessed. These sepul- chral gentlemen had arrived before their time, and on the rising of the scene decamped leaving their cerements behind them; and then the tent was entirely left to the imagination, a few yards of calico being carelessly suspended from the stage. Some stranger appeared in the character of Rich- mond, and he will do well not to appear in that character again, being by far better adapted for that of a ghost, his voice best suiting the character. Between the Acts the utmost confusion prevailed in the Pit, and from the conduct of many of the blackguards towards the females, many of whom were obliged to take refuge on the stage and were conveyed out of the Theatre. The Musi- cians were absolutely forced out of the Orchestra in the early part of the evening. The Pantomine was even worse than the Tragedy ;—such a piece of ridiculous buffoonery was certainly never in- flicted on an audience ; those who had never seen Pantomine in the Mother County were certainly best off as regards the feelings. The transforma- tions which should have the appearance of magic were performed, by the Actors deliberately strip- ping off their upper dress on the stage, which subsequently lay about under their feet. The audience departed at a late hour, after having en- joyed a vapor bath of several hours' continuance, heated to the highest temperature of human en- durance. Mr. Grove succeeded after a hard stug- gle, to announce " George Barnwell," with this precious Pantomine, for Saturday evening next; his repeated bawlings of Ladies and Gentlemen, being mimicked by the boys who had clambered on to the stage, to the infinte amusement of the gods. The fire balloon was badly managed, being half burned before it reached the front of the Hotel. All the appointments connected with the execu- tion of the two culprits, Hitchcock and Poole, were of the most negligent description. The Steam- boat Sophia Jane, did not arrive at the Green Hills until late on Friday, and it was half-past 4 o'clock before the cavalcade could pass on toward Patrick's Plains. No official person was present to meet the Officer of the guard. On that night the pri- soners and the guard had to bivouack in the bush. The time named for the execution was 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, and the party arrived soon after that hour. But here a difficulty arose as to knock- ing off the irons of the prisoners. No person had been provided for that purpose. At length a fellow servant and friend of the prisoner, Poole, volun- teered to perform this office ; but after several at- tempts, found it could not be accomplished without an anvil. The prisoners were then marched more than a mile to the blacksmith's shop where the matter was completed. The prisoners were then taken back to the drop, which was situated in a paddock about a mile from Castle Forbes. It is said no clergyman was provided, and the last pain- ful religious ceremony was performed by a school- master. The prisoners were so much fatigued and exhausted, that they died without a struggle. They made no observation while on the drop. Most of the servants at Castle Forbes were present, but no ebullition took place. All passed off quietly, as such an awful scene should do ; and we trust that other misguided men will, from these examples, avoid such an untimely end. Accidents, offences, A.c. A wnter carter named Lynch, residing near the . Race Course,_attempted on Monday evening last, self in his stable. The unhappy' mail having' attached a rope to his neck suspended from the rafters, had just kicked a chair ft oin under his feet, went a person accidentally went in, and dis- covering his situation, cut bim down. A stugeon was immediately sent for, who discovering that life was not extinct, opened a vein, and put bim to bed. On recovering a little, the unfortunate man ascribed the rash act to his having had some dis- agreement with his wife. Ile is now pronounced out of danger by the surgeon, and is gradually recovering. Several butcher's shops were broken into and robbed on Christmas eve. One person at the bottom of Brickfield-hill, had his shop entered by some thieves burrowing under part of the building, which enabled them to carry off two sheep, and a pig, from the premises. Every thing is concurring to make this the most secure and choice spot in the world to dwell in ! William Carter, the baker, on the Brickfield hill, who appeared to prosecute his son at the last Criminal Sessions for wilful murder, was attacked near his own residence on Wednesday night last, and so dreadfully beaten, that during the whole of Thursday his life was despaired of. He was lay- i ing in a ditch groaning most piteously, when a neighbour hearing his cries, went to his assistance, and conveyed bim to his residence. Several par- ticles of brick-bat were subsequently taken out of his head, which is most dreadfully bruised It is conjectured that being intoxicated, the parties who attacked bim expected to derive a considerable booty, it being supposed he carried his money about his person, in consequence of his having had words with his wife a few day3 previously on pecuniary affairs. One of the most sanguinary affrays we ever re- member to have arisen out of Christmas revels, took place on Christmas Day last, on the Parra- matta road, at the public-house called the " Spin- ning Wheel," kept by William Fitzgerald. A fight had taken place between an Englishman and an Irishman, when a general row commenced, which terminated in the death of a man named John Hughes. Another individual was so dread- fully beaten by sticks, that he was conveyed, to- gether with the body of the murdered man, to the Hospital, where he now lies in a most dangerous Stale. Two porecno named Shfillclo, »nil Cnrrol, were committed by the Coroner for the wilful murder of the deceased ; and William Fitzgerald, the landlord of the house, who is accused by the man in the hospital, with having inflicted the injuries on his person, together with Stephen Fitz- gerald, his brother, Michael Quigley, Henry O'Brien, and Edward Lynch, have been appre- hended as aiders and abettors in the transaction. The above named parties were taken before the Bench of Magistrates on Saturday last, when a partial investigation took place, but in consequence of the absence of some material witnesses, they were remanded for three days. Four men belonging to Dr. Wardell were brought before the Bench on Thursday last, for highly insubordinate conduct, and were sentenced to be worked in irons on" the roads for twelve months. The Doctor applied for a copy of the depositions taken on the occasion, for the purpose of transmitting the same to the Secretary of State, in order, as he observed, to shew the state of the prison population of New South Wales. 