ADDRESS TO THE MUMMY IN BELZONI'S EXHIBITION. AND thou hast walked about (how strange a story l) lu 'lh.l's's stre' ts fire thousand years ago, When the Menunouninni was in all its g11ry, And time had not begun to o'er thr'' Those teimples, palaces, anmd piles stupendous, Of which the very ruins are tremendous. Speak ! for thou long enough hast acted Dumtmy 'I lion ist a tongue-conic let us hear its timl i. Thon'rt standing ont thy legs, above ground, Mum Revisiting the elitimpses of the mooin, Not like thin ghosts or disembodied creatures, But with thy bones and flesh, and limbs and fea tures. Tell us-for douhtless thou caust recollect; 'l'i wrhomn should we assii n the >phinx's fame ? Was Cheops or Ciphreues aichitect Of either pvir~id that bears his name Is Pomnpey's pillar really a miisnOimel ? Had Thebes a hundred gates, as sung by Homer ? Perhaps thou wert a miaso , and forbidden By oath, to tell the invstei'ies of thy trade Then say, what secret melody was hidden tu 1letunion's statue which at sunrise play'd ? Perhaps thou wert a priest—if so, my struggles Are vain, for priestcraft never owns its juggles ! Perchance that very hand, now pinion'd flat, Has hob-o-nobb'd with Pharaoh, glass to glass Or drnpp'd a halfpenny in Homer's hat. Or diitid thine own to let Queen Dido pass Or held, by Solomon's invitation, A torch at the great Temple's dedication I need not ask thee, if that hand, when arm'd, Has any Roman soldier mantId and knuckled, For them wiert deal, and huimel, and enmhliin'd, Ee iomnulis and Iliemus had been suckled : Antiquity appeai's to have he:iii Long after thy p'-ineval race was run. Since first thy form was in this box extended, We have albove ground seen su:ne straige imuta tiiols; The Rimaii empire has begun and ended, New worlds have risen-we hate lost old na tions, And countless kings, have into dust been hunmbcd, While lint a fragmuncit of 'mry flesh is e'rinimcled. Didst thui not hear the pother o'er thy head, When the grand l'ersian coiiqueer, e aihvses, Itlareh'd armies o'er thy tomb with thundering trenil, O'erthrew Osiris, Oi'os, Apis, Isis, And shook the pyramids with fear and wonder, When the gigantic Meni ioin fell asunder? if the toimh's secrets may not le comfess'ch, Tlhe nature of thy i'liva'irs: lit untitihid: A heart has thrchb il ceneati that leathern breast, mid trais adown that dusky check have roll d: Have chilcren clini'd those knees and kiss'd that thee ? What was thy name and station, age and race ? Statim of 1l sh-ininirtal of the do'd! ii perishable type of evatesi encei' Posthlimnous mait, who unitt'st thy narrow bed, And stanlderst undecav'd within our presence. 'l'hou wilt he'r outhingi till the judgment niorning, When the great trumnlp shiall thrill thee with its Wtali ng. Why should this to'rthles tegument endure, It' its inilving guest he lost trir ever ) let us keep the soul e'iimbli'd and prtle in living virtie, that when both mist se'er, Althouiiet corruption mat o'i frame coiintle, The immortal spirit in tfie skies uiay blooti. New 11nothuil M uc 