CRUDITIES OF THE " COLONIST," Extracted from that ably-conducted Journal— " passim." " In reply to 'A BACKWOOD'S MAN,' who enquires, why we don't give full Police Reports, like other papers, we have merely to state, that in consequence of the very irregular hours, at which the business of the day is transacted by Gaptain Forster, we find it impossible to have our reporter (!) at the office, unless, indeed, his whole time (precious lamb!) were devoted to this one purpose." Hi is is a text", upon which we could preach (after the mouthy manner of our contemporary), a most impressive and edifying sermon. As to the' " Backwood's Mun," this is, of course, absolute humbug; and as to " why we don't give full Police Reports, like other papers?" we will tell our readers, why, in truth, this is : simply and only, because tiie Colonist people cannotget these Reports. This they know —this they feel; and, although they hare tried to bribe our reporter, they have not succeeded- Hence all their spleen—hence all their innoxious venom —" EX-OFFICIOS AGAIN!" — Hie- diddle diddle/" And pray, why not? Mr. Gellard orhis contributor, hasescaped by alegal quibbleonce— and we see no reason, why he should hot be noosed, if he can be caught Seriously speaking—can these people imagire, that they may perpetrate libels with impunity, relying upon the quirks and quibbles of the law for escape ? " This," quoVh our contemporary, " is the third Bill filed at the suit of Government, against the Colonist, for the same article!!!" And this, say we, is a strong presumption of tiie three-fold sinning of our contemporary. We are told, that " there was a monkey trick attached to this, which we (that is, the \Colonist), shall expose." There'tras, indeed, a "monkey trick." wh eh we, too, shall expose," and that speedily. " Our readers have heard, that Mr. Gordon has communicated to the Secretary of State, his resolution hot to meet Colonel Arthur in Council"—so says our "patriotic" contemporary. But we sincerely hope there is no truth in thisj Were the Council deprived of Mr. Gordon's able, talented, and most disinterested services, we do not know what might be the result to the Colony: surely, a Colonial bankruptcy would be the most favourable event; but, God forbid, that Mr. Gordon should persist in his 'desperate resolution!—If so, we sincerely say, as our friend Falstaff has said before us$" .there is then no faith in man !" " We object to Military Magistrates: we do so in (on) principle, because the habits and discipline C/f tlie army are sdeh as to be almost incompatible with the proper feelings of a Civil Magistrate;"—WHY ? " An English paper, in noticing-the effects of -the atmosphere on the human body, urges the necessity of additional covering for the neck, hands, and feet, in winter and spring," &c.; &fc.; Quere.—Is this-" English Paper" called " The Tasmanian ?" (See oifr miscellaneous matter of last week.) " With reference to the report, so pertinaciously adhered to by one of our contemporaries (meaning ourselves) respecting Mr. De Little having offered eight shillings a-day to mechanics, and could - riot obtain them (!) we have only t'o ; state, that we have communicated with Mr. De Little (poor little gentleman ! the visitation must have sadly awed liini!) and as 6ur contemporary has given the words of his informant, we will gite the words of (alas! the . while'!) Mr. De Little!!!" And here they are: —' What appeared in the Tasmanian~ was a gross and palpable falsehood.' This was said (Heaven sar'e the mark!) with so much honest indignation," &c.; Sic. Now, was there ever such a specious specimen of special pleading as" this i We (for it was the writer of these cursory observations who wrote the article in dispute), will take upon ourselves to swear—if necessary—for we do not like t9 take an oath, or make an affidavit, heedlessly—that, on a certain day, which we could accurately specify, Mr. Lee Archer told us, in the presence of two other gentlemen (for we rank ourselves, of course, as one), that lie had commissioned Mr. De Little; if there be such « person, to engage as many (not mechanics,- but) carpenters and stonemasons, as lie could obtain, at eight shillings per day. If this be not the case, why did Mr. Lee Archer say so? But this gentleman never has denied it,, and the Colonist knows it First "of all, it was "tlie Government did not authorize the civil engineer/' and then poor Mr. De Little did not authorize himself! Away with such shameless shufliing! It is too disgraceful to bear. On the present occasion, if we have offended Mr. Archer, by thus dragging his name into this silly discussion, he must thank his zealous friends, or rather enemies, of the Colonist, for urging us to do so. These officious scribes may rest assured, that we shall never sleep over such malicious attacks ;—we well know the use of our weapons, and how to apply them. "It is said (by whom?) that COLONEL AR- THUR will, for certain reaisons, which does (!) (do) not require much consideration to discover, {indeed!) take his departure from this Colony, some time previously to the arrival of the new Governor (Tom Thumb, to wit) so anxiously looked for (!) by every man (!) wotnan (!!)'and child (!!!) in the whole Colony." The " certaiin reasons which docs not require much consideration," are just these :— Colonel Arthur, as the Colonist coloquially calls His Excellency, the Lieutenant Governor, is determined to do his duty as the supreme authority here, with manliness, justness.integrity, and impartiality. Hence the bad grammar and ill-will, the spleen and spite of our silly contemporary : but who will hearken to him?— none, no not one^—" charm he never so"— spitefully! " We regret being under the necessity of again deferring the report (!) of the Sydney Meeting, owing to the pressure of important correspondence! We shall, however, considering the vital interest of the subject, for which the Meeting was called, insert it in our two succeeding numbers." Gentle reader! — this "report of the Sydney Meeting" was inserted at full length in the^ Tasmanian of the Kith of August; only a fortnight ago !—and we do not dbiiht but that these " sly pilferers of all our sweets" will, after all this fuss and flourish, avail themselves of the passage inserted i» our own paper:—let therai—thev are welcome ! "SIR.—1 believe it will require no ghost to rise from the grave to inform you that*tlie Independent iiewsp«:per has changed masters. Even, under the influence of Mr. Melville, it never displayed such fulsome trash, such twaddle, as is contained in the No. of the 3rd instant, the first, as the Editor designates it, of a ' New Series.'" So! the shoe pinches, does it ? Because, it was.wisely seen that the silly course formerly adopted by tlie Independent was highly objectionable—nay, more—perfectly disgusting, the new Editor is. to be abused for effecting a thorough and salutary reformation! Really, things are come to a pretty pass, when people cannot follow the dictates of their own judgment. But the Colonist is savage, supremely savage, at finding no journal base and bad enough to combine, with itself, in the indulgence of indiscriminate abusfe. But no —Tlie public are getting wiser, and, of course, better. They will not be satisfied with scurrilous invective, nor will they be contented with personal abuse : they want a more wholesome arid invigorating- entertainment j and, as far as we are concerned, they shall have it. "The following is from the Tasmanian Police Report:—' Air. Roberts appeared to complain that he had hir£d a liofse of Mr. Marsdeii for the day, J or which he .was to pay 10s., but before he could have tlie horse a sovereign was demanded of him, which lie gave, and on returning the horse in due time, lie requested iiis change, which was refused him, but tlie horse 1 was offered him the; next day; to this he objected, aiid prayed reiiress. The Magistrate regretted that it was that sort of a horse-jockey trick, that he could nqt interfere with.' ("This, if true, is as good a trick as we have heard of: —ED COL."] Is it?—Now let any honest man form a proper opinion of this "trick," and whtt will tie think ? Shall we tell the erudite Ei>. COL.,?—We will. He must think, as every honest man must think, that any horse jockey trick, however " good," is very bad—who wiil deny or gainsay this ? "'In the Government bazrite of the 3rd inst.,- appears the glaring (lyj admitted fart of John Venton, &c.; 'fee. &c;„ having absconded, ' while in cluiige of the schooner Hadger, in or about the 29th .uliimo j ! /"'—What then ? " Mr. Lazarus's Illuminatc-d Dial is" found to be' a great convenience to the public at night. Why does not .the Government haw illuminated dials for the Church clock ? Most of the English Metropolitan Ch.urcbes Kfive these clocks, which are found extensively useful to the public." We do not know who is the Dominie Small- text to our contemporary,- the Colonist; but this, we do know, that in the above paragraph this very "-useful" young .gentleman has w'efet glaringly exposed his ignOran,ce- What does he mean'by prating about "Metropolitan Churches" ar.d their illuminated dials ?" Can he say that, iiV all the " Metropolitan' Churches," there are' more than four of these.illuminated dials ? If lie can, we will, then, conccde to him a most amazing penetration : as it is, we advise liiiii W be quiet, and not expose his most " glaring" ignorance. " On Friday last, n young man,, named RO- BERTS, apparently in good health, dropped down suddenly}*! the corner of Collins-street, and expired ! lie was conveyed to the Man of Ross, public-house, where an inquest was held on th'e body (could'it be held on Hjs boots ?) on Saturday,- and a verdict-returned of—"Serious ('•).apoplexy." May we ask the learned scribe of litis " serious" paragraph, what he means by " serious apoplexy ?" Heaven defend us :—but tiiis is a strange*place! A few days ago, a poor fellow died ot " cerous apoplexy," and now another goes defunct of " serious apoplexy!" Seriously speaking, however, is the medical profession in Van Dieinen's Land so perfectly astute (at least, a certain portion of it), as not to be able' to write the prosper title of a common disease ? If so, we can only say— " Prohpudor !"—which, for the benefit of the medical gentlemen alluded to, we thus translate—" Fig, for shame !" For this week we have done with the Colonist. Its " Crudities" press so heavily upon us, that we shall have no lack of matter for our next; What a pity it is, that so much popular talent should be thrown away and wasted upon so unprofitable a concern ! 