N a r r a t i v e o f I s a d y G ra n g e - (Continuedfrom our last.) ' On the western side of the former district, in the wide spreading county of Inverness, there stand the remains of a very old Scandinavian castle, placed on a rocky eminence nearly surrounded by the sea, and close by the influx of the river Sheal. It is named Castle Tirim, but when or by whom it was reared, is now impossible to ascertain, not having been inhabited for many centuries; and the lonely situation of it, haB given rise to many absurd chimeras, of ils being haunted bywitches, and hobgoblins innumerable. In every part of Scotland, where the remains of old castellated habitations are seen, the most improbable and frightful stories are told, and credited by the surrounding peasantry; for we cannot suppose, that any person of education, even at the period of our narrative, could have entertained such erroneous notions. To this desolate find dreary mansion was Lady Grange conveyed, and some of ita gloomy and decaying chambers, being yet sheltered by their arched roofs, the best of them was chosen for her, and seemed lately to have been occupied, as they found in it some fnel, and straw for a bed. A fire was quickly made, and some wild fowl the servants had shot by the way, were speedily cooked, and formed a repast; hut Lady Grange felt so ill, that she could not walk, and begged to lean down, which being readily permitted, the gentlemen retired to the next apartment. The secrecy and loneliness of this castle, rendered it a convenient receptacle for smuggled, and contraband articles of trade, and as such, it was often resorted to by the illicit trafficker. At this time it was taken up by a party of these men, who being away when oar travellers arrived, were astonished on their return, to find it occupied. Thinking they might remove those within by the subterfuge of witchcraft, the smugglers deformed themselves in the best way their invention suggested, and went boldly forward, the best spokesman taking the lead. They entered, and surprised the man who guarded the passage, as he did not look for visitors; bat he quickly asked “ who they were, aud what they wanted ?” To which was replied—“ We are sisters of the moon,— this is oar abode on earth,—remove from it in haste,—we desire.” This language, addressed to a Higblandtnan, savoured rather unseemly, and he returned,—(< If each of yoa were your master, the devil, here you shall not enter.” They insisted; and being fonr in number, judged they might overcome this sentinel, end stepped forward with such an intention; but he, drawing a pistol from his belt, told them to “ keep off, else be wonld soon see whether his lead or their skin were hardest.” But this threat did not seem to intimidate them, and the man who had spoken pusheJ on, daring any one to oppose hint; but the Highlander fired and shot him dead. The report of the pistol resonoded through the empty halls of the castle, with load echo, and awoke Macleod, and Macdonald, and the other vassal, and they were by lhe guardsman’s side in an instant. They soon discovered that lhe spectres wrra of flesh and blood, like themselves, as each of them, with his dirk unsheathed, laid hold of one, and soon made them declare who they were,and wliai had brought them to the castle. They were on a etiiuggliug expedition, and their vessel lay near the shore. The sun, on the following morning, had no sooner illumined the skirls of the surrounding mountains, than Macdonald was out to examine the place ; and possessing a taste for the antiquities of bis country, was gratified by the Inspection of so ancient a fabrich as (his building presented. It ii » square tower, with walls of great thickness^ erected, as it seems, to Iasi for^ ever t yet time has partly conquered its stability, and dilapidated a considerable portiou of the battlements. It is a very old Norwegian structure, end front its firmness, sppears one of those strongholds raised at an early period in the history of the Highlands, when that country wa9 first invaded by horde of northern barbarians. Although none of our party believed in the many absurd fancies that are current throughout that division of the kingdom, of ghosts, and lhe incantations of invisible spirits, they yet heard such unaccountable sounds reverberating along the dark dismal passages of the building, that in a 1great degree, staggered their belief, especially that of Lady Grange, who averred, that •he saw a figure in the costume of an armed warrior, pass through her room in open day, followed by a woman in lha dress of a non:—But the unhappy Stale of her mind, joined to the fatigue she had sustained, without doubt, excited such ideas, aggravated by the effect that those unhallowed screams seemed to have on her unbelieving companions. (To be continued.) 