H IG H W A Y S A N D B Y E W A Y S ’; 011, t h e a u t o b i o g r a p h y o f m r . JONATHAN W ILD , THE YOUNGER. (From the HJartlhlti Magazine. ) 1 now passed over a lapse o f frigh, busy year*, during which time* 1 winlrived'fo acquaint tnysell irnh every creditable ..p.rsdve shout town. My f.;it» in burglary alone were Unpre- • cdcnird ; the walr.linun csptr ia lly envied Omni • and on W'lind. 1, they were far above the reach k.I their Inferior eupeeiiic,. Among the number ..f m yd i.eip les-lor like my cel,braied gvamlfA licr,. 1 was the captain uf as choice a gsn<" r.f ojitila'as .v er'd id ei.dii to it.„l;i, pillorr, or -ruHuld— w o a ginll h"Jiii'g fellow naumd Atkins. This man occa'i'ind me a wtnhl of unnorance. lie was a singular ontnpomid of die eutliubiast and inurderyt, .villi black,.dialled hair.' fnirosvtd (brt'ln :ni, yellow, bloodless' cheeks, curorshed evtth a convulsive ”gifn, n liuritp.hack, nud a* sioistcr, glooinv, dull ere, whose mired expression of ruiuiing, penitence, and ferocity, I nev. r yet saw •quailed. Aling.'thei he made aa clo-e 011 approximation m l ure rliaholiam oe tiro imperfect limits of boninii naioic »ll| permit. This in,hi was mv licutci:- nnt, undrr whose allspice" 1 first wilhdren my nltention from subuiban to sylvan Sperulaiioiis ; from the west end of tile melrnpolis'to the high ways nud bye-way? of the country." And this I lake to be the perfection uf a Cont'fvaneer's existence. During ipring'lie practises iiis vailing in toVvn, but when fashion begins to migrate, lie migrates along with i t ; by which niram lie not only improves^ bis health, shattered by the necessity of keeping late hours, but enn enjoy the pastoral beauties o f the country, be talkative ns n mute, tnd metry ns an undertaker by dny, tnking his sleep, like a watchman, by night, and employ iiis leisure in the diligent following up of lii.s profession. For myself, I w as always fond of llio picturesque, .and shall never forget one lovely moonlight night spent proiessiona'ly with Atkins on HounslowMead,. The hour was somewhat lute, just twelve •'■flock, nud tlie clouds, (whose health 1 never omit to drink,) wore massive enough to disk the Boons rays without ubaolulcly throwing night upon tlie landscape. Around us on all sides, Nature wh6 fast asleep—an awkward predioamta! for the old lady, bail she been animsled and worn pockets—aed die south wind alone was abroad, if you.xcept six owl. who were partners with as malty bull frogs in a dm t liy no means to be despisrd. Aa I stood beside nty lieutenant, whose sensibilities were ‘ousrd by the imposing awe of the hour, u pleasing tiaiiqnility etole over me. 'i he spirit of poetry pollinated iny mind ; I became clheleal—imaginative—romantic. Just at this crisis, llio sound of wheels was heard ; in an instant my dream was ended; fimn a poet I descended to a foot pad, and had barely lime to conceal myaclf behind some adjoining tiees, when ft post chaise came rattling towaids me. Dtawing a pistol from my licit, while Atkins did the same, I raslitd up to the vehicle will] the usual highway anathema; but dFcoveiirg Hint there were only two females inside, I modu'ated ray voire to its most agreeable tones, ami hoping that I did not inti tide, requested die gentlewomen's purses, and whatever other properly they might have about them. My request was indulgently acceded to, upon which, wislfu g (lie ladies a good night, and cautioning them to beware of highwaymen, I contented myself with tying Hie post-boy with bis head to tlie horses’ tail, and set mil with Atkins towards the Woodcock and Sugar-Tongs, M e worth. H ere, while wo were dividing our booty, my confederate grasped me suddenly by tbe arm, and putting on an oii of devout seriousness, " l am sorry. W ild," said he, “ to find you so addicted «u sweating. Had you operated on the ladies without an oath, I had said nothing, it i 9 purest professional; but how con you expect tho blessings o f ------- —” At this momenv ao uncontrollable drowsiness came over me under the influence o f which I threw myselfon a bench io the tap-room,. fell fast asleep, and dreamed o f tbe devil. By day.break weael out for Batb, where we bad appointed our gang to m eet us. On the' wBy Wt> m et a horse, which 1 forthwith eppro- |>TiMeU| for >vhicli l slionid certainly bavc been banged, bad not a flaw in the indictment Jet me loose— I quote tlie Judge’s Insultingremark— once ngain on society. About six mouths subsequent to this accident, tbe good folks o f Hounslow aud its vicinity, wiiiclt we invariably made our head quarters, having b. en kept I'i constant alarm by our depredations, beg-n to put Jn force eveiy stratagem against us, (one gentleman in particular, named Evans a magistrate of Twickenham, was pa.tioularly aolire,) the consequeuoe of which wa«, that tlm majority or my gang, one after (he other Were taken up, convicted, and executed. There ia nothing mote distressing to 0 feeling heart, than day by day to witness lire *1Topping off of its dearest associates. .-This was nty cbsc ; every Succeeding assizes diminished the number of illy’confederates, until at last Atkins aud my6elf wi re the only two that remained. Ami here I Would c-tuion nty readers from running away wiiii a nution that because I am sentimental, I SOI u f nrecsaily weak in action. Nothing is fu r­ ther from the fact. True, I have a feeling soul, but I »||| a lio ju h aii, and one (hat knows how’ to nvenge a ^ n a u lt. Acting upon this impulse, I • hi'ii"lii' nml after talking the m ailer over from time 10 time widi A kins, resolved one fatal night to attack his lluusc, and liave there n memorandem o f our visit, by doing as u.ueh mischief as wc could conveniently cunipai* « jih;„ the night'. Punctual to Ibo hour, >v Si t our, our minds ini Homed with brandy. i t was a dark, suil.n night, with ju at sufficient moon to ih. justW to my companion's countenance. As we reached •lie Magistrate’s house, I chanced to -tu n , my • yes toward* Atkins, and saw Iiis lip comulacd with a Mraogo Satanic smile. My blood caml d at tin; sight, hut a spell nevertheless harried ,„L. onwards, and tog ther wa ascended tow ard*' our victim’s cli miber. All was silent, except now and then when the ?tairs creaked beneath our footsteps, or lliecrikel chirped Horn behind tlie kitchen fire. When we reaclird’tlic first landing place, we faw a tight shi.ihg down from ;l /,,! lasirade above 11*. Wc hastened iminediai, Jv toward* it, tuic it fr.ini t(. tijohe, anri piorecleij svhb it to^Evau*’* apattmeiit. F o rau insfuot we ■ paci>cd, then stood ti fiind our victim * ■ Wlnlo Ailtin'a Ai«w a knife from Iiis pockft* A ldus awful moment Evans awoke ; hut was his alTriglit when he saw scowling full upon him the dull grey eyes of Atkins! He pra ed not for pity, instinct was lost in stupefaction ; hut lie m ined imploringly to me, who did all 1 could to save him.' Vain were my exeiiiuu-- ooolly and deliberately the asSav-in bared ins victim's tliroai, and drew the deadly'steel across it. J fai,. (bed accomplished, ive hastily quitted die house, ovcil.o king, in (lie t.nr.y „ f e.cape, a b y who, rinsi eu. liad wa’chvd our movements, and cutting across (lie high road, spent (bo niglit among some meadow, at the foot of Richmond llill. For my own part, 1 wa* too£much e x ­ cited to think o f rust, -but Atkin, soon fell asleep, while 1 kept watch hesidehim. It was an appalling hour ; a'lc'liuah of the grave was around m e; and in whatever direction 1 turned myeyes, I saw but tho lazy sjirritig of tbe trees, whose motions, rendered indistinct by distance, locked like ghosts, nnviug to and fro tlicir gaiint arms, euddeiily a scream burst on my ear,an d turning toward Atkins, 1 beheld him sealed bolt-upright, aud niff os a eoiptc; his •V ........ l"h " l, 1'i.i Idea lip) r.-.i'v.,l«e,l. Lilt ids 'ruse) fast I, eked in deep. " Hark !'’ lie ex claimed.^ <• there i» u>. o iip in tlie pn- ssci—- hi* •veil. T lie dead cannot rise against m". Can- »ol? Iftiii! hal'l hah! I.nok Vnn ih c p - lie comes— lie ,.„,„e,_ |,e wit), j,j, arm toward) me. NYw lie J* stniidine rigid oppnsite m,— |,is Imt Inenih seo..|„.» im ,ny vein.— I feel it |,n ,-------- t , - i M ,,,1 1 ', and wifli a sell of Ire'iii ti-leos n,-„nv ............. den e Slatted lo'lii* feet. This flute of excite ’ moot e,.1,tinned r , |„)S il,r„ „ c|ln„, night, lilt towaids rlav-1.re.lt. A.Hill* Lori in some degtee resinned Ids composure, and i,i- Statr d , (airunge infniuatinn!) ell our immediate te'intl to Twiekonlinm, . No mad a scheme nf eeieS? proved our ruin, nui* ncrordinirlv wc were b«ili ifl^rn up within less IIimii tix hoilrfl mi cu^picioti. where c»fcninfrlanfcH having Arisen In OiDifinn Ilic |ir.jniiii*t'S in, \vc were fuJU •n»,ini(| *A fur (rifil. How Atkins kopf Iiis npit i■s. I f,nniv hm, | nt Insist w a^ misfrabte t for tl.c first thne, with horrors that hvitv ha^ 'fill »*■«• tept down, calling (n niind my mv chihi. ami cvep fancying nt times (hat ( was nrrom* patHHi hylhn Hpiril of Kvnni*. In thta nofKli«i"n I rvmamcH upwtirH« nf n M wl.V n one ing, lifter his1! conviction. I was s\ininjnm*rt hv the jrtllcr into .\lkin*s prison. * horn I. found an altered oliHfiicter. A« I cm* r«( his thm^eon. *< M ust I imicH he Im.ijr.fl1?*' lie unit!, 0^ rnlhcr bhriekeiJ, in a iiaVbh, I>ra«ing tuiicof voice. 0 “ O G .m)! r cannot di.. - I nht Tit ; mv «'•<] Y yei i.ot with hlond,"-—tjnfll h isfv r tank'd lioirdilv \vhiu». A f lu's f’Rrnent vnlrcRtii uu<( hy prrniibSJOn nf ih* fllritkev. f rrfnftiiicd with Inin thn ugliout t|ii* hi? la n» on occessoiy, having liy suns iidotinalilv ill the mdietmeut. Iieiu postpon'd to the next assizes, and Atkins having precluded the neopesily of olio, bv a frink and unreserved eoidessi,iii. At ten o ’olork the jailer quilled us, and we sat down nlflrif at sn,,ak.m lalile, lit bv a dim laifip end garnished will, flfi, odd volume of trai l. Until midnight Alkin* renlsined tV.ivisl'dv 00mpnsed; hut when nil nt last wa s si!,.„,'in prison, its awful solitude struck chill and damp to l.is sou! ; his teeth chattered, ouhl drop* mood upon ins forehead, he pared tlie flftor. like n ntadiuao, and cimkcd id* ehaio* t.lad even ..f ?uoll no opportunilv <0 burst Mo tioldd slillncs). Just at this inoineol, tlw waleiiman . f die jail passed elos* limeal!. tlie wiinlior. es'.l'mt- ti e hour, in 11 tone which ae.im d te *a., “ ,ou hear it ftn llio last 'ime mi eailli i ’ Jls efl'.ct ou A ik'os was leirifio. (Tit be concluded in our next.) 