The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 27, 1834. The practice now so general of allotting and selling off pieces of land in the neighbour- hood of towns is rapidly effecting a very be» neficiiil change ina large portion of the com- munity. For a comparatively small sum, an industrious man may now piocurc to himself a piece of ground in an eligible situation, on which he may erect a cottage for his family and form a garden. Industry is tims stimu- lated in a high degree-a principle of saving and economy is immediately induced-and a spirit of honest or rather honourable independ- ence which invariably accompanies the sense of property gradually springs np. The mo- ment a man, instead of wandering about from place to place a tenant or a lodger at will (and the present system of tenantry in Van Die men's land is of the very worst kind), becomes a proprietor-fixes himself in a position and erects his standard, as it were, where he may be found at all times by friend and foe-by debtor and creditor, his character is changed -he rises into a higher aud better state of existence. The practice ought, therefore, we conceive, to be encouraged by government, I the authorities of which, whether at home or » abroad, never stood more in their light than by the Into cessation of grants of land. In a young country like this it ia altogether pre- posterous to clip the local government of this essential principle of colonial improvement. Wc do not, however, despair to see it again adopted by the government. So far fiora such a desirable measure deteriorating the genera] value of land, it would materially augment it. From the great prices recently obtained in some very eligible spots, many people conjec- ture that a mania for possessing land and al- lotments is raising'the price beyond its proper value. We are far, however, from entertain ing this opinion. For tbe value of-real pro á ! perty has increased and is increasing in a ' ' steady and regular progression, and must con «¡nue toincrewe M loaf M -the «Uancjmtnt of the colony is consulted by the government &.à the welfare of the people at large is an object j h next the heart of the person at the head of the la administration. It cannot be denied, that the r sale or value of farms in the interior has been in t a degree paralysed by the terms injwhich some of the grants recently issued have been word« ed. This objection, however, we have rea- son to believe will shortly be obviated, and we see before us nothing but the same steady pro- gression in colonial .improvement which has been going on for so many years. It is need- less here to revert to the important fact how much this improvement dcpends&is; accelerated by rendering the roads and streets convenient- ly passable. At the corner of Harrington street, opposite the Freemasons' tavern, where the Btreets are made, a small piece of ground was sold the other day for the sum of 2001., which was at the rate of 5,5001. per acre, And if we look at other new countries we find a similar advance steadily going on, far beyond of course any thing at which we in our infant condition have yet arrived. Mr. Stuart, in his recent work on Ameiica, mentions a house and garden in Boston, consisting of an acre or an acre and a half of ground, which was va valued in 1830 at200,000dollars, and no lesB a sum than 3.G50 dollars was paid for a year's use of one of the wharfs at New Yoik, afford- ing accommodation for only two steam boats at a time. ' Real property of all kinds at New York, this writer says, brings great prices. The site of a house at the corner of two cen- tral streets) 29 feet in one street and 150 in another, was lately Bold for 38,100 dollars.' The pure spirit of liberty-i-of the free and unshackled exercise of reason, never appear- ed in a more enviable light than in one or two instances which have recently occurred in the United Slates of America. We should not indeed forgive ourselves if, in our capacity of editor, we were to omit laying the following most gratifying intelligence before the reader. In several of the States it appears a law exists compelling millers to grind all grain brought to them for that purpose. In one of these, a miller to whom some gvain was brought to be ground for the purpose of'dis- tillation, though it involved a breach of human law, refused to do so, for he considered it would be contrary to the principle he had adopted as a'member of a Temperance So- ciety, The owner of the grain, however, persisted, and the miller was in consequence prosecuted and fined for the refusafc Upon this he applied to the legislature, and at' the very next assembly an act was passed as fol- lows, viz:-"It is hereby enacted, that an act intitled-« an act relating to mills and millci'B,< shall not be ' so construed as to make any owner or occupier of any mill liable to the penalty therein named, who shall refuse or neglect to g. ind any grain brought to such mill to be ground for the avowed or apparent purpose of manufacturing such grain into distilled spirits, nor liable to any suit or action for refusing." Thus, an individual, though in the humbler walks of life, by resolutely obeying the dictates of a well informed con- science, has been the means of amending the legislation of states and empires, and stamped himself a benefactor of mankind. The other instance is the abrogation of the law which, as in Van Diemen's land, em- powers magistrates and. others to grant li- cences for the retail of spirituous liquors, In several of the states where this measure has been effected, the debate upon the subject, as might be expected, was of the most animated description* but the advocates for the aboli- tion (an abolition in our opinion equal or superior to that of slave emancipation), affirmed (and affirmed most truly), that the legislature had no right to authorise the grant- ing of licences for such a purpose. We are aware that our viewB on the subject, so oft repeated before this public, have by many been considered extravagant and Quix- otic. What is to become of the revenue, it is asked, and how are the necessary expenses of the government to be defrayed if £you de- prive us of the spirit duties ? But if the go f vernment itself, and sure we are the authori- ties, feel no apprehension on that score, it is eertainly not, for the people, more especially not for an unbiassed advocate of the public t welfare, which every public writet is or ought i to be, to ask such questions. He knows little of political economy,-of the resources of a state,-of the wholesome interchange of re- venue and expenditure, who docs not see that every possible colonial expense will be far more easily and readily defrayed, by a sober,' 1 moral, and industrious people, freely and fully enjoying the fruits of its industry, than by a miserable set of topers and drunkards. Take Wellington bridge as the centre, and draw a sweep of only 50 yards, and we hesitate not to say, from the immense number of publie houses, you will enclose a space in which more money is annually spent on ardent Bpirits than on all the government expenses put together. And yet thiB is licensed, authorised, and sanc- tioned by ».bench of magistrates,' acting' under an. act of legislative council t ,The icntiment however, above recorded, so boldly avowed & adopted .by the American legislature, in, our readers may depend upon it, shortly destined to be the opinion' of the* world-and an opi« nion which we do not wholly despair our own legislative council, now about to meet, will entirely disregard. We observe with much pleasure the grati- fying result of the public meetings af Oatlands and Campbell town, to consider the merits of Mr. Robinson in removing the hostile blacks. At Oatlands, Mr. Anstey in the course of his address in moving the first resolution, men- tioned the appalling fact that in his office of coroner for that single district, he had held no fewer than 28 inquests on the bodies of that number of persons, men, women, and children, murdered by the blacks. A very handsome sum was subscribed at both places, which it was expected would be more increased by the donations of the several landed proprietors who are not resident in the district, and other settlers who were prevented from giving their attendance at the meeting. We confidently trust to see the example followed in every district of the colony. A numerous meeting of the subscribers to the New Theatre was held on Monday at the Freemason's Tavern, when it was resolved that all persons holding 3 shares should have a free admission not transferable - but trans- ferable if they held five shares - that the in- terest on the capital expended be augmented to 10 per cent, and that the conveyance of the land in Campbell- street which has been pur- chased for the building be made in trust to Messrs. J. Q. Briggs, W. Bunster and P. De- graves, members of the committee. We re- joice to find that this spirited undertaking is in so forward a state, and that the Theatre is likely to be ready for the reception of the per- formers before the return of Mr. Cameron's company from Launceston. We return our thanks to our correspondent with his able critique on theatricals. The subject however requires some consideration, for though of conrse we have from the first commencement of their performances in Ho- bart Town 6cen many things to criticise, amend and comment upon, wa considered it would he invidious and illjudged by any re- marks however just, to damp or discourage attempts so well meant for the public amuse- ment. We are glad to find that so clever an actor as Mr. Mackay has returned to Mr¿ Deanc's boards. We have the pleasure to present the reader with another portion of our very intelligent cor- respondent's communication on the jury ques- tion. The subject we fear, however, is not very generally interesting to those who have not taken a part in the recent discussions, and we may safely ask both them and our corres- pondent what benefits they expect from agi tating the matter at the present tn unent. The vary striking lessons to be di awn from such awful events as the miserable end of the three unhappy men executed last week, has made tis more than onie regret that the Rev. Mr. Bedford has latterly omitted the very in« Btructive discourses which he used to deliver in St David's church npon those occasions. We would entreat the Reverend Gentleman to renew so wholesome a practice, and trust that he will not allow Sunday next to pass with- out availing him«elf of the opportunity to do good which providence seems thus to throw in his way. The Lieutenant Governor proceeded on a tour to the Macquarie and Bothwell dis- tricts on Wednesday-His Excellency, it was expected, would lay the foundation stone of the new church at Hamilton yesterdny The funeral of the late Mrs. Garrard,whose premature death is so universally deplored, took place at New Norfolk on Thursday His Excellency and a large concourse of the friends of the deceased from Hobart town and elsewhere where present on the occasion, and the service was performed by the Rev, Mr. Bedford. As a mark of respect ("gratifying at once to the disconsolate widower and as indi- cative of the laudable feeling prevalent among the inhabitants of the place, and the good un- derstanding subsisting between them and their religious pastor) the shops of the town were closed during the ceremony. We have received a very intelligent letter from a correspondent on the subject of the present high price of provisions as contrasted with the regulated allowance to prisoner ser- vants, pointing out in particular that their al- lowance is now considerably beyond that served out to soldiers, even when on active duty, namely 14 oz. of flour, and lib of meat. We have on former occasion! expressed our regrct'that so little regard is paid throughout the colony to the wholesome use of vegetables, and pointed out to the government that the present regulation was made at a time when such a thing as vegetables hardly existed on any farm. Weare far, however, as long as there is plenty in the land, from wishing to pinch the stomach of any man more especially an assigned servant, and have always been an advocate for fairly feeding and clothing both, and then insisting on a full and faithful dis- charge of duty and labour, and on this account we have looked upon the regulation more in the light of a protection to be held as it were in abeyance, against what we are sensible is of rare occurrence in the colony, the infliction of hardships or ill usage by masters. At the same time we are sensible that much might be done at the present time by care and economy, for it cannot be denied that much more animal food is daily consumed than either nature or health requires. The waste of sugar also in- most huts is very reprehensible, and when it is considered that there are now many both in the higher and lower walks of life reduced by necessity to very scanty and short allowance. it borders on a sin of no small magnitude to exceed or be wasteful in any shape. The use of the word patch as applied to tlte mending of the" roads, has, we observe, given great offence to the advocates of the advance system of road making. We regret, on these persons account, that our conscience will not allow us to retract the word, which instead of withdrawing we consider it more our duty to reiterate. We say again, let our road loree be applied in the first instance to make the main roads passable by mending and repairs, & then when you have obviatedjthe chance of fatal accidents or absolute obstruction, go on with the proper and permanent construction of the principal roads and thoroughfares. We are as much an advocate as any one for the maxim, that when a thing is done it should be well done, but surely became a man cannot I obtain the bett garment poisiblo-the mott eipenaïre'and ftishíonablj.made lupêrfine coat, he is not on that account to go naked or in rags, or not even to wear a fustian jacket and trowsers until time and circumstance enable him to acquire the other. Is it consistent with common sense in a new country like this, that e, gang of 50 or 100 men should be employed on a line of road which cannot be opened for years, within sight perhaps of the old and only track which can be used for that time in which carts and passengers are obliged to flounder and drag through mud and holes or entirely break down, wrhile a few days of their labour would put it iii safe and passable condition ? He must know little of the economy that should regulate a new country who recommends such a plan as that. It argues besides a lamenta- ble indifference and disregard of the comfort and convenience of the community, who for- sooth must comfort themselves for their losses and sufferings of the mean time, by the dis tant prospect of a beautiful piece of road or an elegant bridge, which they may not live to tra vcf over. Mr. Cox, the contractor for the con- veyance of the mail, has, we learn, submitted to the government the difficulties he now la- bours under in travelling between Hobart town and Launceston, and had the season proved a wet one these difficulties would in all likelihood have been insurmountable, and the island would have rung still more than it does with the outcries of the settlers. Surely we are not to be told we shall have no road at all until weean have a properly levelled and mac- adamised one, What would have become of England if such had been the received maxim, for ages before Mr. Macadam was born? and even when macadamised do not the most per- fect roads still stand in need of continual fin tching or repair ? Let no one conclude rom these remarks that we do not advocate the formation of good roads. All we say is this-let us have something that we can wear in the meantime. The lunar eclipse on Saturday evening took place at Hobart Town, in the most beautiful and striking manner, affording a high treat to the observers of the heavenly bodies. As we overheard some discussion on this occasion, as to the cause of the reddish appearance of the moon during the period of the total im- mersion, we take the liberty of saying a few words in,explanation as well on this account as for the sake of our younger readers. It is certainly a cause of interesting inquiry, that the moon which is an opaque body and emits no light of its own, should thus be so distinct- ly visible in the very middle of a total eclipse. If the actual intervention of the body of the earth between the sun and the moon, occa- sioned the eclipse, the moon would of course be wholly invisible. But the truth is that owing to the earth being so much smaller than the sun, the cone of shadow which the former produces arrives at its point or apex before it reaches the moon, and the obscuration in an eclipse is occasioned by the intervention of the earth's atmosphere, which being round as it were, and acting as a lens, refracts or bends all those rays that pass through it, namely the red, orange and yellow inwards like a focus on the moon, thus occasioning the dusky red appearance which the moon has even in a total eclipse. As soon however as a portion of the disc is exposed to the sun and reflects the rays of light to the earth, so great is the difference, that the reddish appearance on the eclipsed put entirely disappears. The Gazette contains the definition, agree- ably to the act of council, of the ports of Ho- bart town and Launceston, viz. The port of Hobart Town comprises the coasts of Van Diemen's land extending half a league from any part of the shore, all harbours, roadsteads, and creeks, lying be- tween the North head of Macquarie harbour and Cape Tourville, and situate to the South of those ports, respectively including all de- pendent islands lying south of latitude 42 de- grees south. The port of Launceston comprises in like manner within half a league of the shore ali harbours, roadsteads, and creeks lying between the North head of Macquarie harbour and Cape Tourville (near the Schoutens) and si- tuate to the North of those parts respectively, including all dependent islands lying north of latitude 42 degrees south. A pound has been erected and Mr. John Allen appointed pouudkeeper at Great Swan Port. The session of the criminal court at Hobart town is announced to be held on Tuesday the 5th of August, and at Launceston on Tuesday the 19th of the same month. The road from Richmond to the Carlton river as advertised in the Gazette of the 16th January, and the branch road recommended by the sub committee of Brighton, advertised on the 16th May, have both been approved and confirmed. The notice of the roads at the South E«»k will be inserted in our next. The Quarter Sessions for Launceston are to be held on the 7th July. At Campbell town on the I4tb,-and at Oatlands on the 17th July. Dr. Chalmers, in his last introductory lec- ture to his course on Thelogy at the Edin- burgh University, remarked that the study of the Christian evidences and a certain acquaint- ance with its doctrines,are not merely confined to the theological student, but are considered an essential part of the scholar and the gen- tleman—that though infidelity has been ban- ished from the higher walks of literature since the days of Hume, and perhaps of Gibbon— yet it has now descended to lower circles. But injury to one imperishable spirit is as much, to be avoided as to another, and that he knew nothing more suited to the present exi- gencies than to spread abroad a good religious education, and for the laymen to study sys- tematically the evidences of the Christian faith. Dr. Chalmers thinks that unless uni versity learning be properly kept up in the present age, we shall shortly degenerate into a race of little men, an opinion which we trust the supporters of a college in Hobart town, or rather the colonists at large will not lose sight of. The eminent divine remarked that, an accomplished infidel professor of one branch of science might inoculate with his deadly virus thousands of his students even by weight of his influence and name in litera- ture. It is only theology that has been held as a common for every one to tread on ; it is in virtue of this error that none in modern times has turned his name to a more pernicious course than La Place. But though eminent in astronomy, he has no authority in theology, which he never studied. There is now abroad, he continued, a most unpriestly domination, which amply retaliates for the priestly domi nation of other days. In seasons of popular affectation, a daring spirit of irreligion is apt to get abroad, and ought to be guarded against. This, of all ages, is the age of ad- venturous speculation,—the minds of men have, as it were, broke loose,—our very news- papers teem with an eloquence and force that were not surpassed by the Spectators and Ramblers of another day. But we should re- member that it is in an age of diffusion, with- out depth, that infidelity is apt to gain ground. It would be well if the voice of Butler and of Bacon would be heard, and their philoso phy more widely spread abroad in the land." A Correspondent has favoured us with the following extract from a prayer delivered by Dr. Chalmers, at St. George's Church, Edin- burgh. It contains sentiments which are deserving of publicity:—" In the days of restlessness and conflict, may Christianity nobly accredit itself to be the salt of the earth —the great cement, as well as sweetener, of human society ; and may no weapon formed against the Church of Scotland ever prosper ; but do Thou save it alike from the evils of a reckless and unprincipal patronage, and from the hostile machinations of those who, repre- senting it as a bane and a burden on the com- monwealth, are bent upon its overthrow. Endow its ministers with the spirit of wisdom, the spirit of a holy devotedness to the objects of their sacred profession, and, if need be, with the spirit, at once of uncompromising principle and unshrinking fortitude, that we may never consent to surrender the best in- terests of families, the Christian good of our hitherto unprovided and neglected population, whether to the clamour of deluded, or to the insensate demands of ungodly men." —— 'Do you really believe, Dr. Johnson, said a Litchfield lady, in the dead walking after death ?' ' Madam, said Johnson, I have no doubt on the subject ; I have heard the Dead March in Saul.' ' You really believe then, Doctor, in ghosts?' 'Madam, said Johnson, I think appearances are in their favour.' The doctor was notoriously very supersti- tious. The same lady once asked him if he ever felt any presentiment at a winding sheet in the candle ?' ' Madam, said John- son, if a mould candle it doubtless indirates death, and that somebody will go out like a snuff'; but whether at Hampton IFick or in Greece must depend upon the graves.' The Doctor and Boswell once lost them- selves in the Isle of Muck, and the latter said they must * spier their way at the first body they met.' . Sir, said Johnson, you're a scoundrel-you may spear any body you like, but I am not going to ' run a-Muck or tilt at all I meet.' ' What do you think of whiskey, Dr. John- son ?' hiccuped Boswell after emptying a sixth tumbler of toddy. ' Sir, said the Doctor, it penetrates my very soul like ' the small-still voice of conscience,' and doubtless the worm of the still is the worm that never dies.* Bos- well afterwards inquired the Doctor's opinion of (illicit distillation, and how the great mo- ralist would act in an affray between the smugglers and exise. . If I went by the let- ter of the law, I should assist the customs, but according to the spirit I should stand by the contrabands." East India Company is the worst of ali company. A lady fresh from Calcutta once endeavoured to curry Johnson's favour by talking of nothing but howdahs, doolies, and bungalows, till the doctor took, as usual, to tiffin. * Madam, said he, in a tone that would have scared a tiger out of a jungle 'India's' very well for a rubber or for a bandana, or for a cake of ink ; but what with its Bhurt pore, Pahlampore, Barrackpnre, Hyderapore, Singapore, and Nagpore, its Hyderabad, As* trabad, Buadlebad, Sindbad, and Guzzarat badbad, it's a poor and bad country altoge- ther." Caleb Whitefoord, the famous punster, once inquired seriously of Dr. Johnson whe- ther he really considered that a man ought to be transported, like Barrington the pick- pocket, for being guilty of a double meaning ? . Sir, said Johnson, if a man means well, the more he means the better.'-Hood's Comic Annual 1831. The ex Sultan of Johanna (Anjouan), the particulars of whose expulsion we inserted in a late number, has taken up his residence in Cape town, where he is living in considerable splendour. By the projected improvements in the city of London, upwards of 20 old and venerable churches are to be pulled down and the church yards attached to them removed. A splendid panorama of Boothea, or the frozen regions, lately visited by Capt. Ross, has been produced in London by that indefa- tigable artist, Mr. Burford. It was daily attracting immense crowds of the Londoners, who were delighted with the singular scene. 