O'CONNOR AND O'CONNELL. That these two gentlemen will one day hold high office in the administration of the Government of their country, be the nature of that Government what it may, any man may venture to prophecy. In our last we inserted the opening of "a very powerful letter from Mr. O'Connor to Mr. Stanley, which had appeared in all the Irish Journals. We now insert its conclusion, and we solicit particular attention to the passages printed in italics. We also give our readers an important extract from the letter of Mr. O'Connell to bis constituents of the County of Dublin, to which we lately alluded. *It is full of interest. From it may be seen what Ministers have to expect at {he opening of the next Parliamentary Campaign. The cause of Repeal daily gains strength, both in England and Ireland It is by no means impossible, that a resolution declaratory of its expediency may obtain a majority in the House of Commons. A counter one repudiating it, will, of course, be passed by the Lords. Thence another collision between the two " estates". The evidence of history proves abundantly the certain consequences of all this. The Aristocracy are unquestionably in a very perilous state. It lias been suggested to \is by a very intelligent friend", the probability, that, considering the large interest in the funds, possessed by so great' a portion of the middle classes, the estates of the higher classes, may be rendered a little available when the time comes for making an equitable adjustment of the debt. That the time will come, aud very speedily too, none but those who will neither see nor hear, can doubt for a moment The following are tlie letters which have elicited these remarks. First, Mr. O'Connor. We gave the opening of his address to Mr. Stanley. Thus he concludes :— "All your laws and reformations hitherto have been too scientific for the lower orders ; they have not benefitted one jot by any change that has taken place. I look to their wants and to their comforts. If your inclination is to see Ireland happy—that is, happy as she can be until we assemble; in College Greendo us justice. Let no man persuade you that we are people hard to be pleased and delighting in confusion; no, Sir, never was there an instance of a people so oppressed and yet so brutally treated; so insulted and yet so servilely tame; so powerless and yet so magnanimously forbearing. The time is come when neglect of the people will be fatal. Begin in earnest, abolish tithes; give us cheap law, a Court sitting in each County the greater part of the year, presided over by a barrister of ten years- standing, chosen by the judges, akdwlmshall not practice in any otlcer court, and from whose decision there shall be no appeal. ' Let all matters betweenlandlord and -tenant* and all minor cases of .equity between, parties be decided in this Court, without expence of stamp duty or improper fees. Do not alhw cither lawyer or attorney, upon any account, to spt foot within hearing of the Court-house. Give' iis an honest independent Magistracy ; dismiss the Parsons from the commission of tlie peace; do something to render the tenure oflandmor<3 certain in Ireland; give us a system of agricultural premiums; do those things—they are very easy, and then make a tour through the country with Lord Wellesley, and tlie people will receive you as you would deserve. You have now an opportunity of doing justice to Ireland; you have an abundance of time for informing yourself upon the 6tate of the country ; pray do not waste one moment; he is a foolish man who cannot now read thesigne of the times. Party spirit is, thank God, dying away—men of all classes are beginning to unite in one holy union for the regeneration of their country.* * * * * Take care, Sir, that your Government is not too scientific for the people. You are called upon to rule. You must depict to yourself millions of persons whose circumstances are often regulated by events which in other countries would be surely remarked? You must imagine a people governed exclusively by the will and temper of a feudal Lord; you must think of potatoes, of rags', and of farthings, not of feasting, of tinsel, of gold. Sir,—I have now discharged my duty to my constituents of the West Riding of this County. If you do us justice I shall be gratified—if you do not, I shall regret to think myself a true Prophet. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient humble servant, FEAUGUS O'CONNOR." Fort Robert, October 19. Now Mr. O'Connell. After a splendid review of the miserable trickery of which the nominal reforms of the Whigs, during the last Session were composed, and which has excited equally the contempt and -reprobation of the most powerful British journals, he concludes as follows :— " I began with my gratulations on the departure of Lord Anglesey; I conclude with expressing a hope—a fervent hope—that the administration of his successor may have in it something propitious to Ireland. 'The corporation inquiry is working well—extremely well. The total dereliction of the principle on which corporations are alone justifiable— namely, the good of the inhabitants of the-citv or town, has been proved to be complete every where m Ireland A sweeping reform of corporate abuses is inevitable. The franchise will be restored—so much is manifest—to the resident housaholders. Shall it be the .£10 householders only, or shall it include £5 householders ? That is, after all, the only question. It must certainly be as low as £10. Shall it come down to £5 ? "I am quite convinced it ought, and I trust it will. Nay, I deem it the duty of every body to struggle to extend the franchise to the occupier of every house worth £5 per annum. It is comical to see the zeal with which the present race of corporators contend for raising the franchise under the coming reform bill to £20; although the present community consists in the open places of freemen, very many of whom are not householders at all, and amongst whom are to be found the poorest persons in the country. But thus it is always with the oppressor of the people—they use the poorer classes to work their iniquity when they have that class in their trammels—they exclude the poor when they find that the bad principles is most predominant amongst the more wealthy orders of society. I do entertain hopes of the present Irish administration. • There is one advantage winch it possesses over any recent govoramfint of this kingdom—it is to be found in tlie unity of purpose of the Lord Lieutenant and his Secretary. If they do ill, it will not be in .opposition to each other, but in concert . If they chuse to do well, they will have double power to do good deeds. As yet there can be nothing to complain,of, and although there is, indeed, little to -applaud, there is still less td censure. The speeches of Lord Wellesley at the corporation dinner were not absolute models of wisdom'—but still less did they denote any thing absolutely hostile to the people < «f Ireland.- Let us, then, hope for better days, and above all things let us recollect that it is the duty of every one of us to assist the .government in every measure useful to Ireland, and to applaud the government, as well as to support it; in carrying into effect every such measure. Lord Wellesley does not seem to understand that there is no longer two parties in Ireland. The divisions which existed between the two denominations of the Irish, when Lord' Wellesley was here last, no longer' exiists.. There is no longer a Catholic partyopposed to a Protestan party. The Catholics have got all they wanted as a particular body or ' persuasion. The ascendancy party,"however, continues," or rather its ghost walks abroad in the likeness of human existence. There is ho secbhd.party. The fading remnant of the ascehdancyis at the one side—the universal people at the other. The government^annot stand neutral without deserting its very duty. •. It should treat the remnant of the faction with examplary whenever their is occasion to act; The-Somers, Paynes, as" well 1 asthe Carters;" sIibifidL be that there is no longer: impunity"^for over again after getting abundaht praise for £ dismiss-Words ^ no longer do. ; ; ^fthesfr poor Anglesey had, Eeaveii knows, more thkn enough. We miistbave deeds. It may be gaid thaVthie support' given .to government iri measures useful to ,Ireland implies anib^dpimepLt of^.greai'quc^tabn.. of 'the Repeal.', Inhere. never vpas a greater or moreabsusdmistake, On.the cantrary, nothing can tend more to demonstrate the neces- = sity of ' the Repeal' than the little good, which the best intentioned administration can do for Ireland, under existing circumstances. 'The Repeal' is winning its way securely and i'rresistably. Even the North, where pur weakness once lay, is adding daily to our strength. There, are—how I rejoice to say it—already two newspapers in" the North full of patiotism and talent, supporting on principles ' the Repeal.' The one at Newry, called the Examiner '—the other at Belfast, called the Herald. Then there is the powerful advocacy of Sharam Crawford—believe me that when men of his rank, fortune, talents, and high character take the lead in seeking for ' the Repeal/ the national restoration is at hand,' and we shall achieve national independence, as a portion only of the Irish nation achieved Catholic emancipation—that is—without violence or crime, without causing one tear to flow, and without incurring the possibility of shedding one drop of blood. For my own part, I do not want the stimulus of recollecting that every single individual of my constituents would be immediately and personally beriifitted by ' the Repeal.' It suffices for me to recollect the passing of the coercion bill to declare that no man can possibly love Ireland who can possibly forgive the haughty, the insolent, the atrocious passing of this bill. It was passed without one single particle of necessity, and without palliation. It was the insolent presumption of Stanley, adopted readily towards Ireland by Lords Grey and Brougham. I for one, will never forgive that crime, until I see the Irish Parliament seated in College-green, and tlie recurrence of such an atrocity towards Ireland, rendered for ever impossible. In the mean time, let us aid the Government in every useful measure, but let us not forget the constitutional agitation necessary to to carry the abolition of tithes, and the repeal of the Union.—I have the honor to be your faithful servant, DANIEL O'CONNELL." 