Domestic Intelligence. A certain Magistrate lately called at an Inn, somewhere near Bothwell, and ordered dinner for himself at four o'clock.— " By the by," said he, " I overtook Mr. B—— and Mr. D—— and Mr. T—— on the road, they were coming slowly on, so I passed them— perhaps they intend dining here." " Oh !" says Boniface, " those gentlemen always dine here, Sir, when they return from Hobart Town,"— and this the police magistrate was perfectly aware of. " Shall I provide dinner for them," added Bonniface. " Oh !" says the great big official man, with his influential cousins, " I dont know for certain they are coming here, they may perhaps pass the house."— " Oh I am sure they never will— they never will do so," said the landlord, " and therefore I shall provide for them accordingly." The cook was instanter seen in the yard, running down two young cocks, and a stick brought heter skelter, a turkey into the hands of the landlady— a round of salt beef was taken out of the harness tub, and grand preparations for a dinner party made by all parties. Four o'clock came, and the little magistrate walked up and down— half past four came, and no additional visitors, when Bonniface entered and asked whether Mr. —— the great man, with the influential cousins would not mind waiting a little longer for these gentlemen on the road " five minutes or so" was the answer. Five minutes passed, and ten minutes passed, when the great man rung the bell, and said bring me my dinner ! Dinner for six had been provided, it was there- fore all brought in. The eyes of the Magis- trate were like those of a cat when a mouse is within its paws. As the waiter was leaving the room, he just heard the Magistrate exclaim as he sat down, " Oh ye gods and little fishes, what's a man without ten dishes," and so it turned out, as regarded himself, for when the waiter had drawn the cork of the pint bottle of cape ordered, and returned to the dining room, he saw that which astonished him— seven dishes clean cleared out, and before he could cry out, Jack Robinson, the other three all vanished. So much for a Van Diemen's Land method of providing a dinner for a voracious appetite. We need scarcely add, that Mr. B——, and Mr. D——, and Mr. T—— were quietly engaged on their farms, at some thirty miles off, and that they had not been away from them for months. We were at the Police Office the other day, when Mr. Roberts, the brewer, a highly respectable and well-behaved young man, applied to the magistrate for a permit, having been refused it by the two clerks in that office in consequence of his having neglected to pull off his hat before them, when he was informed that it was his duty to stand uncovered before gentlemen, for one of them was the brother of an officer in the 63rd regiment, and the other was a German cousin of a baronet. We certainly thought the refusal strange, for if Mr. Roberts moved his liquor without a permit, (he having been refused it,) who would suffer, if it had been seized ? Surely not Mr. Roberts, common decency teaches most men to shew proper respect in a public office, but from what we know of Mr. Roberts and his manner, he no doubt entered the Permit Office as care- lessly and inadvertently as he would have entered his own brewhouse, or any warehouse or stores, where such strict etiquette is not required. If, Messrs. Russell and Tomlins think they have arrived here (however under pecu- liar circumstances), to demand humility from every person who has business before them, they will find themselves much mistaken— for it is quite enough for the Public to be burthened with the expense of such pin-makers as the ex-Military Assistant Surgeon's brother, and the cousin of the petite Baron, who, if they think themselves such important personages, had better have remained at home than have come to a penal settlement to seek a live- lihood. As an action for damages is likely to be the result, we shall abstain from saying more, further than that we think Mr. Russell ought to be debited sixpence, the King having sustained that loss by the delicate feelings of Mr. Russell. We also beg to recommend at the next meeting of the Council that an Act should be passed, making all persons offend- ing in manner like Mr. Roberts, liable to a heavy penalty, and that the moiety of all such fines should accrue to Messrs. Russell and Tomlins, who alone should be privileged to receive hat money. We understand that Mister Muster Master Mason has of late had the horrors respecting anything in the shape of " Green wood," and has in consequence disparked his park at " Hanging Wood" by stripping it completely of every twig, branch, and leaf, so much so, that it now has the appearance of a desert ! ! ! It would also appear that a huge fellow has been stalking about the neighbourhood of Mister Muster Master Mason's mansion, and particularly about the gateway of Mr. Hackett's distillery, for several nights past. The latter gentleman has, we are informed, called upon the Rev. Mr. Connolly, to come and render him all the assistance m his power to lay the ghost, who is determined thus to annoy the neighbours. The Reverend Father is of opi- nion, we are told, it is no ghost, or he would soon settle his turnips, but has a shrewd guess the fellow is all alive in the shape of a constable too ! ! ! We are happy to add, that the Chief Police Magistrate yesterday, with one stroke of his pen, allayed the ghost in question. The Town Surveyor daily appears at the Police-office as prosecutor against the defaulters of the Police Act, and in aid of his prosecutions, always prescribes a " Leech," as the most effectual mode of sucking up and destroying the filth of the town. We have been informed that a new firm of informers are immediately to be incorporated, and the constables for the future are not to be allowed their moieties in this line of traffic, the new firm having resolved to give all their moieties in aid of charities, and not as heretofore to pocket them. In the event of any, or either of them, becoming liable to actions for their repeated annoyances on their removal of nuisances, a bill will be passed to blend the whole firm without betting forth their numerous names, which delicacy and respect now forbids, being composed chiefly of minor demi-officials, but who, no doubt, will appear in their res- pective characters and situations in our Police Reports, in their daily operations. We regret to perceive that the Tas- manian, although the fashionable Court Ca- lendar, had not received the most accurate information respecting the departure of His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor for Port Arthur, and know not how to account for it. It is certainly very extraordinary that the great Editor should not have had even one " official friend" on the occasion. Will it be credited that Mr. M'Dowall, His Majesty's Solicitor General for Van Diemen's Land, could have been one of His Excellency's suite to Port Arthur, without such an occurrence having been recorded by the Tasmanian? But so it is. We, therefore, have to record the fact, that Mr. M'Dowall did proceed in His Excellency's suite on Tuesday last. But, of course, as the Editor of the Tasmanian has now been informed of the circumstance, we shall have a very full and minute report of all the proceedings at Port Arthur in the next Tasmanian. We are extremely happy to inform our readers, that the unfortunate man Buchan, for whom so much interest has been excited, has been pardoned by His Excellency. To have adopted any other course, although unques- tionably the Government could have done so, would, we consider, have been the very es- sence of cruelty, after the dreadful mental punishment he has undergone. We are also given to understand that it is intended to send him forthwith to Sydney. We have heard it rumoured also, that the Government have obtained from him some important information, relative to the disposal of the property obtained by himself and his unfortunate companions. Fervently do we hope that the rumour may be true, as by such information alone can the heart of bushranging ever be successfully at- tacked. We have lately heard of a most novel decision which took place in a Court of Re- quests, within twenty-five miles of Hobart town. The plaintiff sued a man for the re- covery of a debt, and obtained a verdict, but the Chairman ordered the defendant to pay the amount due by his own note of hand, payable at twelve months after date. The de- fendant, we learn, has since left the Colony, and the plaintift holds the note of hand, which, of course, is not worth the fees changed by the officers of the " Little Go." This is, we say, a novel mode of administering justice for instead of the plaintiff's proceedings in the summary court benefiting him, it was the means of cancelling the debt altogether. Wc have all heard of the lawyer and the oyster- shell, but this decision even out does it, inas- much as the ghost of the shell was not awarded by the talented Commissioner. We have had a continuance of dry wea- ther truly astonishing, and yet the bush grass is much better than could be expected. The beautiful warm weather has very considerably assisted the growth of herbage since our last partial showers. Wheat is now quoted at ten shillings the bushel, but we are fearful these high prices are only a scheme on the part of interested persons. If, however, the settlers can sell, they had better do so, and recollect the good old Dutch maxim, " Sell and repent." A great deal of wheat, and a large quantity of flour, are expected from Valparaiso, as well as other foreign parts ; and we should be sorry to see imported wheat arrive, so as to injure the sale of our own produce-therefore, set- tlers, sell-sell and repent-it is the best advice we can give. A Correspondent has requested us to inform him what are the duties of Mr. Stephen Frederick Tunbridge Augustus Adolphus Fitz- hardinge, and also what are his office hours. In reply to our Correspondent, we must plead ignorance as to the knowledge of the nature of his duties-but as to his office hours, we believe the young gentleman is not at all tied to any stipulated periods, and this accounts for his being seen walking about the streets nearly all day long. It ia impudence on the part of our Correspondent asking such questions, when it is known that the young gentleman is en- deavouring to obtain an increase of salary for his arduous duties. Some men have the knack of earning money when they are asleep -perhaps Mr. Hardinge is one of these for- tunate individuals. We understand that Mr. Rowlands, the attorney, has commenced business as a mer- chant-that he has purchased the brig Amity, which he is now despatching forthwith to New Zealand for a cargo of timber and flax. Capt. Rowlands gives as a reason for this change, that as merchants are likely to turn lawyers, it is high time for lawyers to turn merchants. We should be most happy if all printers and editors of newspapers were to have a spell as lawyers ; it is the only profession-nay trade or whatever else it may be termed in Van Diemen's Land-which returns a profitable in- come. Vide every thing that is good now belongs to the gentlemen connected with the bar. We regret to announce that Mr. Burnett, the Colonial Secretary has been again at- tacked by afit of the gout. The duties of his office are so multiplied and various and of such paramount importance the whole corres- pondence of the Colony passing through it, that any interruptions, even for one day, is of signal loss, and indeed annoyance ; every cir- cumstance, in fact, occurring in the Colony, having reference in some way or other to the Government. We hope sincerely Mr. Bur- nett's illness may not be of long continuance, otherwise delays of the most serious conse- quences must inevitably follow. We have to thank " Philo Police" for his friendly caution, relative to the dreadful castigation about to be inflicted on us by our young '" friends." Forewarned-forearmed we shall therefore be prepared, and carry about our person a pop-gun, which will soon level the Don with his mother earth. The little Irishman, notwithstanding he swears by St. Patrick, he will cut the biggest shillelagh in the wood and crack our skull, for saying he and his horse had their ride over the water, " rint free," having laid a snug little infor- mation of the value of five shillings, shall have a bellyfull, a circumstance which seldom occurs in Paddy's land. We were much pleased the other day at the urbanity of Mr. Tomlins, the Cart License Clerk, at the Police Office, in a case of his assigned servant, a chubby little boy, who ap- peared in full dress livery, charged with steal- ing an ounce of tea, and a quarter of a pound of coarse sugar. The anxiety of the master upon this distressing occasion was remarked by every one present, particularly in taking off the little fellow's laced coat, on which the master seemed to set more store than on his servant, for fear it should be soiled at that contaminated and filthy place, the Prisoners' Barracks. We understand that a "circular" has gone through the offices, insisting upon the "broad arrow" (horrible figure) being not only put upon every hoard, plank, timber, log, &c;, the property of the Crown, but also the humiliating operation is to take place of every public officer having the " broad arrow" burned on some part or other of his perron ! ! ! Pretty work this ! We understand that Mister Muster Master Mason, the Master Genius, little Master Sutton, and Don Pedro the Se- cond, feel excessively sore on this occasion, particularly so, from their sedentary occupa- tion. On Friday last as Mr. Degrave's ser- vants, were felling a tree at the Cascade, one of the men was busily occupied in wedging, so as to make the tree fall in a certain direc- tion. It however, most unfortunately hap- pened that the tree in falling, swung in a contrary direction to what was intended, when the iron wedge coming in contact with the man's leg, absolutely wrenched it off, just above the instep. Such was the force, that the torn off part was carried some yards from the unfortunate sufferer. Every medical aid which could be obtained, was immediately procured. We find wc were in complete error, relative to the pedigree of our Treasurer, Mr. Gregory. He is in no way related to " Pope Gregory"-nor has he ever made so rash a vow as that of remaining in the state of "single blessedness." We have to beg a thousand pardons for being so very inaccurate in our former statement. We now have to announce the intelligence that Mr. Gregory is about to lead to the hymeuial altar, a highly accomplished and beautiful young lady, lately arrived by the Jane. His Excellency Lieutenant Governor Arthur returned by Richmond, and laid the first stone of the church about to be erected in that township. Lieutenant Bayly, of the 21 st Fusiileers, commanded the guard of honor, who attended upon His Excellency on the occasion. The day was extremely fine, and the inhabitants and residents of the neighbour- hood assembled to witness so imposing a ceremony. His Excellency having laid the stone, the Rev. Mr. Norman delivered a very impressive and appropriate discourse. Our new ally, Don Pedro the Second, has already commenced enlisting troops for his service, having obtained one young re- cruit, who wears the Brazilian uniform. It would appear this young soldier has been al- ready trained to the predatory system, of fo- raging without purchase, and commenced im- mediately by abstracting an ounce or so of tea and sugar from the commissariat of the Don, for which he was tried, found guilty, tied up to the triangles, and punished by the Provost Marshal, as a terror to other recruits. The twelvemonth journal of a District Surveyor, upon consideration, we dare not publish. The fact is-for murder will out our assistant Editor has put chafed a bit of land, not yet measured, and if we were to in- sert such a document in our Journal, he is afraid he would have his land measured over the hills and far away from where his location order points out-from where, in fact, the land is which he purchased-to wit. Miss B - and sacred music. It shews how exceedingly dangerous it is, for unskilful sportsmen to meddle with fire arms. One evening last week, some young men went over to Kangaroo Point to kill opossums, when one of the fowling pieces being over loaded, burst, and shattered the hand of one of the young men, in a most dreadful manner. He was removed to the hospital, where amputation was found absolutely ne cessary. Can it be possible that the feelings ofso heroic and valiant a character as Don Pedro, are so susceptible, as to induce him to waste four hours of Government time in concocting mat ter that consumed four sheets of, no doubt, Government paper, in defence of himself in a case reported in our Police report of last week, and then to be so disgusted with his own com position, as to destroy it, and afterwards to so- licit a certain loyal doctor of literary talents to advocate his cause. Why, it is enough to astonish the nephew of a King, much more the nephew of a Baronet On Saturday last, several of the lamp posts and other public places, where affiches are ordinarily seen, were graced with the name of a magistrate, whom the notice said had not acted as one gentleman ought to do towards another. We purposely abstain from men tioning any names, or more particulars, as we understand the affair is not yet finally ended. We shall probably give further particulars in our next. ¡I ( " Fear not," said the witches to Macbeth, !| i until Birnam Wood comes to Dunsinane Hill. £ i BO lion-hearted, pioud, and take no care who i j chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are, our í Mason shall never vanquished be, said his J ; guai dian constable, until Green wood hangs at \ , tiie fatal tree ! ! ! That will never he, said Mister Muster Master Mason, who can make the dead wood green ? Sweet bodements, good! Our Kangaroo Point (we beg Mr. Frank- land's pardon, Bellerive) correspondent informs us, that there has been no less than three high- way robberies, committed within the last week, between that village and Mr. Bignalls, of the Crown Inn, Richmond-among others rob- bed was Mrs. Wade of Sorell. It is generally believed, that these robberies have all been committed, by some runaways from Grass Tree Hill road party. We are requested to state, how many days in the year the Police Magistrate of New Norfolk, and his friend, the District Surveyor, spend in Hobart Town. Really to answer this question would puzzle us. In our turn we beg leave to ask, how many days they reside on duty in their district ? Our question, we fancy, will be more easily answered than the one given us. Is it true that Mr. Dumaresq employs the Government constable in cutting down peoples' fences? and is it true that the time the man is not so occupied, Mr. Dumaresq makes him cut fire-wood on land which does not belong to him ? Oh ! this is very strange but Mr. Dumaresq's kitchen fire required a great deal of wood ; it has as big an appetite as its master ! Is it true that Mr. Dumaresq, not being satisfied with two thousand five hundred acres, location order, for a cousin of his, said to be n existence, of the name of Anley, has ahso futely applied for fifteen thousand acres reserve for General Bombastes Furioso Dumaresq, a sixty- ninth cousin of his cousin, Mr. Anley, said to be Kah Kah of Siberia ? Surely this cannot be true. We have been requested to draw the at tention of the Authorities to the present dan gerous state of O'Brien's Bridge. There are eight or ten holes on the bridge, through , which a horse's leg would pass, which, if such were to happen, might endanger the safety of His Majesty's liege subjects. We are well aware that we have only to hint the necessity of repairing the bridge, and it will forthwith be attended to. Is it true that a memorial is now being signed by the inhabitants of Hobart Town, praying the Colonial Government will forth with remove a certain friend of ours, who holds an important official situation, but who has made himself so remarkably obnoxious and unpopular, as to compel the public to adopt such a measure in self defence. More of this anon. We were at the Police-office when a quantity of Colonial gin was condemned, the property of one of our Colonial distillers. Matters here differ very much from Home it i for there, when a mau loses his_ spirits, he , ' becomes melancholy ; but upon this occasion, I'* the lois created strong excitement, and the ¡\ ) defendant made his exit, declaring he knew '»> ' law better than the Magistrate. We promised in this number to give further particulars, relative to the circum- stances connected with the prisoner, wife of Mrs. Bridgers, gardner, from certain informa- tion which has since reached us, we think it prudent, not at present to publish the parti- culars promised. The big screw loose at New Norfolk perplexes some person to make all tight again. It's no go ! He may screw and screw, but the more he does so, the looser will the screw be- come. The thread of the screw is all gone, and a clenched nail it is said will be necessary. It is proposed, that as we have magis- trates of all sizes and descriptions, that the next one should be unique, in order to keep company with one of the most unpopular of these gentry. It is positively'asserted that the poor constables who have been for a long time studying the Acts of Council, have petitioned each for a suit of mourning, their occupation now being,gone, being superseded by the gratuitous exertions of clerks in office. The black whaling season is now about commencing. One or two parties haye al- ready proceeded down the river to their sta- tions-and we hear all parties interested in this profitable fishery will be in active opera- tion in the course of a week or two. , We perceive by advertisement elsewhere inserted, that Mr. Wintle has opened his splendid new shop in Elizabeth-street. It is certainly one of the handsomest in Hobart Town, and is remarkably well stocked with the very best description of goods. The execution of Greenwood has created universal disgust on this side of the Island. Every voice is raised, in disapprobation of so merciless an act; where, but in Van Die men's Land, would it have been permitted ! Here, is an unfortunate being, who, (not re- lishing the mode adopted under the loudly ex- tolled Prison Discipline), escaped from it-is apprehended, and sent to prison ; a Magistrate awards him 100 lashes for absenting himself, and mercifully sends him to trial for using means to prevent his capture, knowing that he must be found guilty upon the evidence against him, and hung. We abhor the inhumanity exercised against him. The Magistrate who devoted the unfortunate man to the degrading torture at the triangles, could (any one would suppose) with as much satisfaction to himself, have sent him at once to trial for the greater offence. Examples are needed sometimes but the case of Greenwood afforded none. Spectotors shuddered at the spectacle, which was presented in his mangled and lacerated person, when led to execution. We shudder at the recital of the butchery. The course of the law could not be checked after the case had come before the Judges, consequently they cannot be upbraided ; but the Magistrate, who so inhumanly suffered a fellow creature to be mangled, knowing that his committal to trial for the major offence would subject him to public execution, Ave cannot hesitate in say- ing, subjected his country to a stain for inhu- manity and studied cruelty, that time can never eftace. We trust His Excellency will mark him with his displeasure, by immediately discharging him from the Commission of the Peace, and thereby prevent a recurrence of so disgraceful an act.-The Independent. Our Brother Journalist asserts, "mo- destly," that the circulation of his Journal is well known to be extensive. Do we deny it ? We may yet declare our's greater, and not be guilty of untruth. Talk about being nettled, indeed- the Proprietor of the Advertiser is so nettled, that he does not know what he has sent forth to the public. What means he, in his infinite wisdom, by his " paid advertise- ments ? " If he means that his number of this week contains six Impounding Advertisements and six Sheriff's Advertisements (which is proof enough of the prosperity of the Colony), and about eleven or twelve real advertisements (the -whole of the rest being.), then, we understand him ; but his advertisements have nothing to do with his circulation, and surely it will not appear much to his credit, when it is explained that he is inserting the Sheriff's Advertisements at a charge, less by two thirds, than private advertisements pay. Of course, this is supporting the trade ; and Mr. Adoertiser deserves- the thanks of ali persons connected with it, even the poor printer's devils ; excepting, however, the poor devils whom the Sheriff claps his iron paw upon, be- cause they are charged the full sum, we dare believe, for advertising their lost property. AVe cannot, however, help thinking the Proprietor of the Advertiser " nettled" suffi- ciently "to the quick" to affect his reason; for he says, " it is always better for the sake of a reputation for veracity, that proofs should accompany injurious assertions ;" and yet, immediately under this remark he says, in reference to the phantom letter of " Verax," that the naked statement will amply suffice. Why are not "proofs" needed to upset the statements of " Nauticus," published in this paper, and the knowledge of every ship master, unbiassed inhabitant, and merchant in the town, relative to the mismanagement of the port duties ? We can explain : because they are true-too true !-Ibid. 