LATEST ENGLISH NEWS (From the Satirist. August 2, 1834) uioe , i. «„ evident change for the better in, t tone oi Mmistersin both Houses of ParlSi^* tho retirement of iiurl Urev. TliamS *?? of truckling to the Conser/ativea b.SSK^ I*' ul.'nn'tlonpcl. T.o'rrl IM^ik-.. _..„-? .-. . . lo I1.l're Men : cimuenges.tno Opposition Peers to do their ,vn«, y to turn him out. if .tW co^to possVvoteT sure on , his loretgn mid domestic policv, if tW da '' Lord Althorp reminds tho ennin-cd ?liLl y m? rc- leiidera th«t 'they nnd 'Makers 'l \L n&J; 'f House of Common, to deal with : Z ROOd eat Z Jias no longer, tlie fenr of JJurl Grey ami liia tl.r of rt-sigmuion before Ins eyes. SL&13 .ululates Mr. O'Connell; tm^Sir J^n iS*1* once m'ore avows- l.imselftbe disciple of nfe Uelorni. Another good symptom is the fabrtffi of the clever and pojiular Jiurl of JlulgraveroS (pubhely) mefficient Whig Lord Cnrlisle; AH fe is proof thnfthe movement lms gained by the »,?! nntiou. of the Into Premier. Tlie CottwhmlT5' convinced ol' it j^nnd hence their unbridled rnj'aml momficmion, cqmbmed with rogret at the ^rerio' blunder they committed m Unvarting nnd huruS the only mnn who stood between theni arid th™nPn° pie. ^venrlwd.Lord Melbourne the inclination1 |,e -?h.uf[«»pt.*l;op.«»»'er-to do them thut temporary si-rvice t 1 he principal, event in the Purlinmentury hiaicSV of the weok .confirms tins view of the altered posj. tton of the.I\rinistry. The inviolability of 'ChtnS. property, and the right of ?Parlinmrut to nnplyT surplus afler providing for the real whti'a of U establishment, were topics tenderlyhandled during the reign ot Grey. Ministers refused boldlv tn assert either one or the other, and endeavoured « stave oft' the evil day of speaking out.. Dut t|,» Melbourne b inistry is not a month old before all tha ' scruples, renl or pretended, aro 'blown- to' atoms 1 Iiey permit a motion to bo carried in the Hotwo of Commons, which confiscates two- fifths of tho' Irish tithes nt. a blow; und thus abandon tho ground which ' thejvhnve striven to.mnintain by every kind'of effort nnd artifice through this session nnd the last TlVe right of- Parliament to deal with Clmrcl] rpropt-rtyiis it thinks .lit, is recognized nt onco by the vote of Weclries'dny. ' ' ? . ; ;,;? *rd make this clear, let us remind otir remlers that the annual value of tho Irish tithes wns fixed by tho Commissioners under Mr. Stanley 'sfithe Com position Act at £045,703. This' lithe oomtiosition is to be converted into n fixod'land tax ; nnd in Sir Litileton^s new Tithe Hill, it was proposed lo'allflw tho liitid owners n bonus of from 20 to -40 percent.',* provided I hey took upon themselves*the pnymwitof the money before the 1st of November- next, collect ing the same from the tenants that theypnitl the tillie owners. In case thoy refused to come: into '.this nrmngement, the land tax was to bo n.coraniiljory cpmposition nt Ihe end of. iivo years, with a deduc tion of only 15 por cent. Tnero were also soraeotlier parts of the plan, -which wo fully explained when it ?was first proposed, and whicli- rendered the operation of it difficult and dilatory, nnd liable to mnhy serious objections on the score of partiality. But ull'these were removed by an amendment to the third clou're of tho bill,' proposed by Mr; O'Connell. 'Hy this r.mpndmeht, u deduction from the titlie' composition ' of .two- lifths(/or ££.58,000, is to bo mado at once; the landlords' aro to pity the remaining three-fifths' and all the tenants nnd occupiers of land are to be freed at once from all future payments- of tithe. Thus, at last, this complicated question is simplified. Lord Althorp gave a feeble opposition to the'nracnd nient, which Air. Littleton, Mr. S-iriiig Hice.'iiid ' ftJr. Aborcromby almost supported. It was nn uii derstood thing that Ministers were ' willing to b'« beaten;' and as inostof thoii* wishes aro gratified in the I loueo of Com i ons, thpy had tlio satisfaction of voting with Messrs. Slmw, Lefroy, nnd othcrpolilj. ciahs of the same stamp, in a minority of 33 to 82. ?The iijtcrntiort thus- effected rendered tho greatrf part of tht-rbill superfluous; so, on Thursday niglit, more than n liuuured .clauses were expungVd.'rad twenty-two new ones inserted by the Corotujttee. Ltist night the discussions in Committee werebrbuglit to n c'ose; and the report is to be considered' oa RJondny, ' .-v,1. .'?MK' ' Tho Irish Tithe qur-sion^tLcn, is settled initliis way.: instead of tibortive nttompts to collect between six and seven 'hundred, thousand pounds fromUho : occupiers of land, tlio landowners will lie compelled ; to pisy,thret--lif!ha of that amount, to be repaid thoiii by' .their tenan'ry in tiiu shapa of rent, if 'heycnil get it. ISut us?, in gunernl, tlie. landlords. already screw out of their miserable tenantry nil they- cut possibly yield in .tho way of rent, tlie paymrnt^of , tJiB tithe i ill form a deduction from tlieir present income, us it n ght to do. TJie appropriation of tin's pn; msut in lieu of aithes must be the subject of early' legis'uticn. In tho mean time, about £3S0,C03 ??? per annum is saved out .of the clutches of the (?rasp. ii»g Irish landlords, and will form, a fund fur futera.* . . pnrposBs of jiationnl benefit. .:. The Coerciou Jiill was read a second time- in Ilia House of Peers on M^ondny, a third time on Tuesday, tind receiyed the itoytil Assent by Comniissmn 6h Wednesday, — just in time, for tho old bill expired yesterday. There wns a good deal of sparring nmoag ' their .Lordships oh the third rending. Lord liroug hum was sadly perplexed in the unsuccessul attempt : to reconcile his former advocnov of the omit/ed .;? clauses with his support of the mulilnted bill.i^lle , would have done far better had he followed lord' Melbourne's prurient example,. and con'entcd himself , with the very sufficient excuse of innbility .to carry the original bill through the . House of Commons.' Itut instead of this, tlie Chancellor floundered in u muss of contradictions nnd declamation, and super?, fluous talk about a certain correaponden.coheisin the- ';. . habit of carrying on with Lord Wellesley, nnd which; he declares, truly enough we doubt not, is .quite . unfit for production. One or two facts, however, tuft:. Chancellor let out, which nro. worth notice. ^He.i stated, that during tho past year Earl Grey mnda ' ';? no fewer thnn six attempts to resign ; nnd thnt hp:^ ? had himsolf suggested to Lord Wellesley the possi-*; bilityof governing Ireland without the odiotisclnu|e« ? for the suppression of public meetings. Tliisquiir. rulous stiitcsmnn also informed the Peers, that it had v been the constunt endeavour of Earl Groy'scolleagtici, to snvo him ns inu'eh trouble as possible— to -smooth the asperities of office, and to make the old gentle.? ?. man comfortable ; in other words, they did as muck,'; business ns they could behind his back.TliisisTcry characteristic, nnd we dare say, quite true.- -J'v ? Great progress has been made with tho Poor-Low1.' Bill in the House of Peors this week : indeed, MV;: both Houses legislation has been goingat fallgiulop.r; Uishop Philpotts mado a lunge at the /bastardy- ' clauses' but it was parried successfully by i Lord ? llrougham end the Bishop of London.. The; mm* '.- bers on the dirjaion were wrongly reported in tlie ? newspapers as 14 and 13, instead of 3U and 14; and though the newspapers hastened to correct the mis^ inke next day, the unsatisfied Chancellor also took Ihe trouble to correct it from the Woolsnck, and to idd, thut tho opponents of the bill were leaten hollow aoth in argument, and on the division. 'i'he.Timtr ^ lid not permit this boast to pass; but proved satis-. pnctorily enough, that whatever might be the generel merits of tho argument, the Lord Chancellor had- ? jriovously misrepresented the law of the lund on tlie ^ loint he wus discussing. ? _ ? : ? ;? : The bill for ndmitting Dissenters to the privileges' )f the English Universities, whicli passed tho House if Commons on Monduy bvn mnjonty of Iti4toraf, vns thrown out Inst uight in the House of Peers. I'lie supporters of the measure, among whom were ieven Cabinet Ministers, mustered only 38 Pfesen1, tnd 47-prosy votes, -ngninst 35 present and 109 ,roxies :Pthus tl.e mnjority was 102. In the minority vere tho JJishops of Merry nnd Chichestrr— only w6 out of the thirty night Reverend occupants of he Episcopal Uench. The Duke of Sussex, true to ,is principles, also supported the measure by hi* ''This rcBiilt is not of much importance as it regards ndyinitimVe, ™& perhaps speedy ? success ^s 0ButDio the Peers themselves, the coasequence^cf 3J!fS^--aSf(j3MWs^|.' 3 the general wishes or the Country, as *e8»»eV£. ha i votes of its Representatives, nnd their dctermi aHo^i to resist the most moderate measures of jus ice to several millions of their f-'1.lo-v.?1ubJefc,ts;,loJea lie Pcew elected by tho Nntion.it will no^edon »d bat the result would have been. very different, it would liavo harmonized with that to which the IIousi ,,r Commons has arrived. This stute of things mus urecipitate the re-modelling of tho Housa of Peers In those days/ men ^proceed rapidly from thought: and words, to. deeds; nnd it is not impossible- thai tbequostion of the lloreditary Peerage mny.be seri ously discussed in the next Session of Parliament. Lord Brougham then rose to nddress the house, but llm reporters of the Times declare that ho was frenuenlly inaudible, owing to the rapid and conver aitionid mode of. speaking lie adopted ; he frequency ' left their sentences they say half finished. ? Jl« pro ' cee'ded to defend himselt from the attack of Lord Wicklow. He had not abandoned his opinions relative to tlio clausas alluded lo. It had been air wn'dy stated by Lords Mi-lbourno and Lunsdowne, nnd lie should repeat the same thing, that Govern ment wns obliged to admit those clauses, whether it ?would or not. Under existing circumstances, Earl (jrey himself had declared that he would adopt the same course. (No, no0 Yes, ho had heard it with his own ears, and could trust his recollection ? iihplicitlr. [Lord Lansdowne -here snid, 'Karl Grey said be would have advised' it.'] Well, that was all the same ; Earl Grey would of course act liimsolf as he would advise othurs to act. Lord llrou-'hsim then referred to iho imputation upon the present Ministers that they had betmved tho lato i'temier, and to Earl prey's direct, denial, of the -clr.if'e. In tho lute 'difficulties, Air.' Littleton and ? jill parties noted with' the 'beat and kindps*. intentions to Karl Grey. '?--.? ?'',.' .. . If there was nny motive more than another which : operated on 'those who had acted in the manner, which their Lordships had' heard described more ; than once that day, it was tho desire to smooth the i ?way of Karl 'Grey, fo ;makelthb Gbvernmen£ easier ; to him, and to' prevput ? that event , from happening ?which all persons both in the cabinet and out of the cubiuet equally deprocntpd — he meant the retirement of his noble friend from the head of tho . adminis'ra tion. Ho appealed to his coiloagties — he appealed ?to Karl Grey himself— -whether inore assiduous ef forts — nay, whether moro rope'nted efibrts hnd ever been made by 'one'' set. of meri connected with another in the some cabinet to.' retriin' that, man : amongst them and to prevent him from resigning, tlinii had been made by the members' of the present administration within the last iwi'lve mouths to pre vent the resignation of the Into Premier 1 Lord Brougham recounted no less than sis at tempts which Earl Grey had made in tho last'yenr to resign. ,- .;.-.-? On f his point he oould speak with some certainty, for in five out of six of the cases in which attempts liad lieen made — and they had all succeeded but the last— to dissuade Earl Grey from his intention, ho liad taken a foremost part. Ho knew, that n rumour, a very nhsurd rumour, had gone abroad, that tho Chancellor of the Exchequer and himself had long wanted to destroy .the late Government, nnd that they had directed all (heir efforts to remove it3-head from it. Now, why' was Earl .Grey so anxious to reliro upon this late occasion? Uecuuso he. hnd mude up his mind that he would retire at tho close of the session, in the session, in. the course of a couple of months, or it might be of a fortnight. Hut then it was said, as soon as Earl Grey wns out presto the ministry was mado up again. Enrl Grey himself, however, had given a somewhat dif ferent account of the proceeding. He doclared that ho rejoiced that Lord, Althorp returned to office ; though he would not return himself, having ,for several months made up his mind to quit it. Lord Hrougliam also denied .that Lord .Althorp could be said that to have authorised Mr. -Littleton's commu nication to Mr. O'Connfill. For himself, ho entirely differed with- Earl Grey in thinking that there should lie no communication with thut eloquent nnd dis tinguished personage, who wns hold in reverence By » large portion of bis countrymen, nnd exercised so much influence over them. It would not bo possib'o to conduct the business of Government if all com munications with the leaders of opposition wero interdicted. lie had never hesitaled to mnko n .statement of Iiisopinions when they differed from those of the dis tinguished person to whom allusion had been mndo so often (hat night; and if any of their Lordships should charge him with dreading that individual, pr those who acted .with', him, he would only say this, thut ho did not know any man who hud expressed himself more strongly against that individual and his supporters than himself, -when ho had felt it to bo his duty; nnd a pninful duty he could assuro their Lordship* ho hnd always found it to be; lie trusted 'flint their Lordships knew sufficient of him to bo mviire that he would not truckle to nny individual ; tut he would net call it truckling to individuals, or abandoning his duty, to hold forth to them such concessions ns were just, and to adopt such couises as were conciliatory, provided that such concessions nnd micIi conciliatory' courses were for the safety ?of Ireland ntnl the trsinqxility of the empire. He held such concessions' lo he wise anil MntcsniHii Ji^c; nnd it would be no argument to deter him friim tdk'rg thrin, to cay that l-y planting them lie should favour and exalt any one given man. His duty was to consider 'men only ns they were con nected uiili the. subject ; his duty was to view the Milijcct in all its bearing'*, mul to fling all person alities, whether of odium or of favour, to the wind.-!. J I chart vpry sanguine hopes, notwithstanding the otni«s;on of these clauses, that' ilia bi!l would he sufficient for its purpose ; and did he not eiiii'VUin these linpi's, it never slinuld have hnd h's sanction. Jliit if, after liavins made this concession -to feel ingi which prevailed elsewhere, the Government khould find that agitivtinn was renewed in the centre ?if the sister isle, and that the flame there rekindled «'as spreading to the. more remote' parts of- the country i their Lordships might lie assured thut they would iul\i.-ie th-! re-assembling of Parliament, for f lio purpose of applying a remedy to the then ascer tained necessity of the case. ?After alluding to Mr. Littleton's correspondence with Lord Wpllrslpy, Lord ISroughani said — - He wasliimsc-lf nUu in the fieqiient Iiabit of cor responding with the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Me had communicated with him on ': every subject interesting 1:11 this or the; oilier side of the water; and distinctly remembered ;h iving asked Lord M'lllesley, in a private letter, whether, as the Court martial clamps had been flung over, he could not do with still lets of the hill? He never received nn nnswer to' that inquiry from Lord Wellesley ; but Lord Wellesley wrote a letter to Earl Grey, 'in which an answer was, given by anticipation to tlmt Inquiry, — for he believed t hut the Lord Lieutenant distinctly s»id that the question he hud put ha-l not given i be to his letter. A gieat misunderstanding prevailed with respect to the cause of the omission of the meeting clauses. It had been said to bo the letter sent by the Lord. Lieutenant to Earl Grey. J his statement had been repeatedly made, and as often denied. The letter sent to Karl Grey was not the cause of the omission of those clauses, for after Us receipt a Cabinet Council was held, the subject was discussed, and the ministers came to the unani mous conclusion not tu give up those clauses, lint lie would tell their Lor-l.-lii|is what wns the cause of the omission of those clauses : it wns the communi cation to Parliament and to the . people of that letter, which showed that nt one time at least, a doubt existed in the minds of those bust capable of judging on the subject as to the necessity of the meeting clauses, that convinced every member of the Cabinet of the perfect hopelessness of carrying them. Lord Wicklow said, that no doubt ministers Mere very anxious to keep Earl Grey amongst them : they had even offered him the privy seal [' No, no f' from Lord Brougham.] ' Well, It Was currently believed that such was the ca«e. He thought still tl.nt the correspondence ought to be produced. If agitation did not immediately prevail in Ireland, its cessation would not be owinsi to the present bill, but to the bargain made with the base part of the country. Lord Brougham rejoined, tlmt such a bargain wns the mere creation of Lord Wicklow's imagina tion. As he had mentioned tho correspondence which ind taken place between him and the Lord Lieute nant, he trusted that, in justice to Lord Welles ey, the production of that coi respoijdence would not be called for. If the letter to Lord Grey wus tnfit for publication, the correspondence which md parsed between him and Lord Wellesley, was :ei tainly not less so, (?' Hear !' and Laughter.) It related to piivnte and domestic sulijecls, nnd would je perfectly uniutelliuiblc to tlie public at large. Some of It was in pro«e, nnd some not in prose — lomc in Latin, ind a small part in Greek : and he lelieved Ilia t a more motley correspondence had lever betbie been produced: (Laughter) It was bis literary intercourse, which he carried on with inch n truly classical, accomplished, nnd great man is Lord U'ellesley, that formed tlie chief amusement if his moments of relaxation fiom business, lint 10 repeated, that the le'.ter sent by Lord Wellestey o Eurl Grey, was uot occasioned by nny thing vritlen by him. Mr. Gilbert Abbott a Beckett,, proprietor an editor of. Figaro in London,' llm VVug. Evangeliet Penny Magazine, Dibdin'a Penny Trumpet, tli Thief, Poor .Richard's Journal, the People's- Perm Picture's, Terrific Penny Magazine, Ghost/ Figar Monthly Newspaper, 4e'c. and lately lessee of th Fitzroy Theatre, came before tho Court on Wednes day. He had been. unsuccessful in his apeculuttoi at the Fitzroy Theatre, nnd was not opposed on hi application for his discharge. , Mr. Cooke, for th ? insolven', observed that h'i3 client hnd graatly'con tribuled to the mirth of the public. Tho Chio Commissioner admitted that such had been tho enso .but it had been done at some expense to his creditors Air. Cooke said, the creditors ' wero certninli hitighing on the wrong side of their inoiiths.' Th'i Court, nfter asking a few more questions and receiv ing satisfactory answers, declared tha insolven: entitled to tho benefit of tho act, and ordered him t- be discharged forthwith.' At the Mansion House, on Saturday, two paupers belonging to liishopsgate parish, wore committed tc the House of Correction, for outrageous conduct or being refused relief. They had: been offered env ploymont, but they would not work ; and they 'con- ducted themselves most insolentlv before the Ma gistrate. - . * ' ' . At tlie Mnrlborough Street Office, on Thursday, a boy twelve years of ngei, -was charged with picking a gentleman's pocket -of his handkerchief. A lady v ho saw the theft, nnd n person who picked up the handkerchief, which th'o tljfef thre\v uway when he wns pursued, were not present.' The prisoner nt : first blubbered nnd told u piteous'story ; but, seeing that he wns about to bo committed, stood stoutly on .his defence, as will bs seen by tho following urofes sional harangue : - ? '-''?' '' ' ~ . . B03*— ' Vot am I a going .to bo committed' for; *I ax you? There nint, no charge-ngin me vich makes nie legally liable- to be convicted by a Jury: Tho lady. nint. here as said she seed me pick, up tlje gen tleman's vipe.' ' ' * ' Mr. Dyer— ' Her evidence is not necessary.' : ' Boy-^-'SBut on a pint of sitch himport.nice ven a mnn's caroter'a at stake, its tho duty of overy lady to show her face. Then there's another link vonling : the gentleman ns piclc'd tip the hundcheenft' hasn't come forward — so vot is the wiilly of the evidence'! Nobody seed me prig, the handchecuff, so.tlmt takes off the felony ; nobody is here -vot picked it up^ thnt takes off the misdomenner ; and there nint nu/fin left for n jury to conwict on, or else, a man's hnbus corpus nint of no use, thnt'snll.' ' ; A vacancy for the borough of Cirencester has occurred, in consequence of the ejevation of Lord Apsley to the Peeruge, on tLe death of his father, Earl linlhurst. At the Lewes wool fair dinner, ou Saturday last, the Duke of 'Richmond stated it as probable, that tho French Government 'would reduce the rduty on English wool to 10 per cent. ; and he expressed a hope that by the next nnnuul dinner he would see French buyers in the room. [Very 'few-; French buyers will make their appearance at Lewes until the common sen^e and common interest of Englis'i men compel nreductioji Qf the duties on French corn und wine. The French cannat buy our wool unless ?ve takoin payment what they b'aye to offer for it.] Tho Goodwood lloces commenced on Tuesday.-— Tho company was numerous and fashionable,, includ ing the Marquis nnd Marchioness of Worcester, Enrl and Countess of Wilton, Earl of Jersey, Earl and Countess of Chestor'fiold, Sir Mark' Wood, Counts Mntcisclmvitz and D'Orsny, Colonel Peel, &c.; Tho running on Tuesday for tho Irinkoeper's Plate; was very good; nnd was won by the Duke of lUchmond's Ketchup, benting Fannus'nnd Adelaide. The race for the Drawing-room Stakes wns indiffer ent. It wns- won by Sir .Murk Wood's Charivari.— r- Lord Chesterfield's Sultan won tho Levant Stakes ; und iVlr.Greyille's Marmoset boat the Duke of ?Rich- mond's colt byMwnelike in u match for tn-enty-fi.ye sovereigns. ' ' On Wednesday, SirF. Johnstone'a. filly hy Merlin, won the Verulam Stakes, mid Air. Forth's Uobin lloughbeiuTthe Goodwood Stakes. , The only race of iuterest on Thursday wnsifor the gold cup, which was won by Lord Jersey's Glencoe, beating Lord , Chesterfield's Colwick, i.'.lr. Forth's Famine, and saveral others. The odds wert 5 to SJ rgninst Col wick, 12 to 1 against Famine, nnd 4 to 1 against the winner. Air. Charles iinthurst has offered himself for 'the oflice, Vacant by thedealhof Sjr VV. Guise, of one of the four Verderers of the Forest of Dudn, the election to which is vested in the freeholders. Between 200 and 300 tons of the bones of the horses, and amongst them some of those of tho men, which were lost in Napoleon's retreat from Moscow, have arrived and are nrriving nt Grimsby. Those are the remains of the 30,300 almost famished horses, nnd the miserable men, who, us history relntns, perished through cold in one nightulmoat ut the commencement of his retreat ' from Moscow. — Stafford Neus. [Are the bones of .these borses and heroej Xo manure the Lincolnshire fens I] The Roman Catholics have purchased six acres of lund between Hustings and St. Leonard's close, to the son ; and, are, .it ia said, going to expend £3Q,00 in building a College, Chapel, 6cc. Some of the works are already commenced. A i'a\v days ago, Mis3 Eccles, a young lady, the heiress to a large fortune, took the veil ut the convent of Aiount Carnsel, ijear' Durlington. The ceremoay excited great interest, nnd ngraiid bighmass was cele brated on the occasion by tlio (light lteverend Dr. Briggs, assisted by several of , tua liomau Cutliolic clergy of the northern .district. ' Tii'e London mail to Cnrlislo was ovexturoed nenr Brough, the horses being struck by lightning. The flush was so vivid and powerful, us to, drive tl|G animals right. into the ditch ut the rond side. The coachman was ilirowu off before the coach upset ; and though ho received no serious injury, hnuanurrow escape from being killed, the' wheels having passed over the brim of his hnt. The guiu-d wns tilso thrown, oil'; but he too escaped serious harm. There were three passengers inside who were not in the least; hurt ; two of them (a ludy und n gentleman) were so much frightened that they walked buck to Brough, where they remained. We have good reasons to believe that one of the projects of the Melbourne administration is to pro vide for the Earl of Munstor in India.' The Gover nor-Generalship has long been the object of the Karl's ambition, and lie is now sedulously preparing for it. Need we suggest to nil who huve an interest in, the well being 01 our Indian possessions, to be on the alert for preventing an appointment thnt would in all probability be attended with the moat disastrous results') — 'Irue Sun. [This cannot be true : no Minister would venture on so odious nn appointment. Lord Brougham muy huve promised it, without consulting his colleagues : but tlie Chan cellor is not remarkable for keeping, his promises, nnd he is not yet Premier.] Earl Grey, it is said, is about to commit to paper some memoirs of his own political life and times. — . Herald. [He should get Lord Urougliani, .',' much meditating,' to write a chapter, or at least to add a postcript, on the intrigues of tho last four years.] The income of the society of the Inner Temple is stilted to be nearly £t!O,OOQ a yo«r, and that of the Middle Templo £l-,000 a year, with upwards of £?10,000 in tne Funds. Joseph Uonnpurte, with his brothor Jerome, hnve taken u house near Uxbridge, culled Denhutu Place. . '' ' M.. Ctcsai- JMoronn, the founder of tho Universal Statistical Society of Franco, has arrived in London on u special mission of that Society ; und * Dr. Bow ring has again left London for Paris. Sir John Milley Doyle has been restored to his rank in tbo Portuguese service. Tho recent convic tion of General liucon, on the charges preferred by Marshal Saldanha, led to the revocation of the order which deprived Siir John of his post. Tho banking-house of Kinnears, Smith and Co., of' Edinburgh, stopped payment on the. 23rd J uly. Their debts are stated to amount to £350.000, the assets to £201,000. The responsible editor of tho National has been found guilty of a libel ngaihst Louis Philip, and con demned -to the mininum ponulty of 500 francs fine and six months' imprisonment. Tho article incri minated professed to attach individual responsibility to the King on account of his participation in the deliberations of tho Cabinet Councils, nnd therefore in tho measures of the Govemmint. [Louis Phillip is snid to bo popularity hunting at present. Suppose howero to remit all the sentences imposed upon editors and printers of newspapers : this would be a direct and eusy road to find his game.] The session of tho French Chambers wns opened on Thursday, with n speech from the King. It is just as vngue as speeches from the throne usually are. Louis Phillip reminds the Legislature of tbe liberal and moierato policy adopted by previous Chambers, and rejoices in the triumph which the nntionnl cause has uniformly obtained over criminal attempts. The fruits of this triumph are risible in tho increasing prosperity of the country. I he revenues will, it is hoped, be sufficient to meet ib expenditure, especially as His Majesty declares lhat ho has reason to congratujato himself in 4 regard 'to his relation's with 'foreign! powers. ' Alwnys in timately united with -England,' lie is', engaged in considering the state of Spain, ' where new diffi culties have' arisen, which cull for serious attention oii^the part of the Powera^ which sighed the treaty ol the 22nd of April.' Tho atate of the oust is tranquillizing, nnd the prospect of continued peace ill Europe vory encouraging. ' ? This .speech was received with cbeer3. ' The Deputies each took tlie usual onth, holding forth his right hand, und say ' Jo le jure.' It is snid tlmt the royal procession to and from the Chambers was greeted with ncclnmntions. At the Bourse, the tone of tha speech wns. considered as pacific. The speech of tbe Queen Regent nt the opening of the Spanish Cortes was published to-dny .in the lll-miing Chronicle exclusively iit a late edition. It is somewhat, pompausinnd verbose. The necesity of using energetic measures for the suppression of the Ciirlist' rebellion is dwelt upon at.len.gth ; tjie alliance with England, Frnnce.', and Portugal, is referred to in terms of great satisfaction ; and the fidelity of the army is course lauded. Strict economy, the supervi'. sion of the Cortes over the nutionul expenditure, hhd ?' an arrangement 'of the whole foreign debt, compa tible with the nctual menns ' of the coun'ry, 'are also promised ;'and the, queen concludes by declaring thnt she shall alwnys remember that she is the motherof Isabella ihe secon 2, and granddaughter of Charles the ..Third, - ... i It is repor'ofi that n conspiracy was discovered in Madrid on the night of the 24th, and that several persons were arrested, nmong-.whom wns the noted General Van Hnlen.' Tbe.nume of Palufox, crented Duke of Saragossa, is nlso mixed up .in these ' pro ceedings. The object of the conspirators was said, to be the establishment of the' Constitution of 1812,' nnd^tha deposition of thejlegent. .-?;''' Tjie Ai'STnAi.iAV Colonv IliLt. — At the sittting of the House of Commons this morning, the South Australian Colony Bill passed through the .Commit tee. \f-; -. . - - - - ???'.,?: Mr. Tower -moved nn amendment to one of tho clauses, with n view to restrict emigration, in the first instance nt least, to the Irish. He contended that emigration wns not wanted in England, ns wo had not k sufficiency of agricultural labourers ; but Ihnt it would boa great blessing ,tO;Ireland.;;. He thought emigration a good thing ; but Objected .to the' particular plan then under consideration : adding that he was not surprised that n number of political economists, who wanted to defraud the agricultural ists by repelling the Corn Laws, should advocate a plan which would deprive them of thoir best labour ers. ' ,.?-.--..?: Mr. Hughes Hughes stated, thnt ha. hnd formerly opposed the bill ; but that - he hnd subsequently stu died Ihe plan with great care, nnd he wns now con .vincod, that a mofa disinterested nttompt to benefit ' all classes of society was never made. He had seen several of tho intended emigrants', nnd hnd hnd much conversation with them, -He understood there were 150 families, of icspcctable capitalists, with some hundreds of labourers, ready to go, out. One gentle man whom he had conversed with, was prepared to go to the colony with ten thousand pounds ; ho was a very intelligent, prncticnl man, and well acquainted . with our Australian territories. Some ulterations hnving been consented to by the promoters of tne bill, it should receivo his decided support. Mr. Iluthven made a rambling, incoherent speech, parts of which onlyt ware'.nudible in the. gallery. It contained much on the subject of Poor Laws- in Ire land, but very little about 1I19 Australiun Bill ; which however, lie appeared to oppose.. He .professed to trent with indignation, Mr. Tower's scheme'of bene fitting Ireland, by S3lec:ing tho poor emigrants ox clusively from that country. ? ' . ; . . .. -fl/r. Tower replied shortly to Mr. Ruth ven ; and his amendment wns rejected. Tho remaining clauses of tho bill wero then, carried without opposition; and the raport was ordered to bo brought up on Jllonduy. 