Australian Literature. A FEW days ago, a youth of an open and ingenuous countenance introduced himself to us, with something in his hand which looked like a small portfolio. He said, "he came to ask our advice." He described himself as a native of Wind- sor, that is to say (in the language of Ma- jor Goulburn), a Currency Lad, and said, he held in his hand a play of his own com- posing ; and not a play only, but a tragedy ; and not a tragedy only, but a tragedy composed in blank verse ! We endeavoured to suppress our astonishment, but at his re- quest, promised to read his production, and to give him our opinion on it ; assur- ing him, however, that our opinion was of little worth, as we did not consider our- selves in the least qualified to judge of dramatic compositions, much less of a tragedy, written in blank verse. Feeling quite confident that we should have to condemn the work, so far as our inferior judgment might guide us, we considered it only charitable to prepare the ingenuous and modest youth for the endurance of those pangs and throes, which a condemnation of his maiden production would, as of course, bring upon him ; and accordingly we began in our tenderness, to inculcate the necessity for his preparing himself for disappointment, and to discourse to him with freezing kindness, on the policy of his bending in future his attention and talents (for talents we felt confident from his physiognomy he pos- sessed) to something more substantial and profitable, than writing blank- verse trage- dies ; informing him for his comfort, that it had so happened he had, of all the paths to literary fame, chosen the most rugged, steep, and devious. The ingenuous youth bore our icy but parental counsel, with that modest but firm steadiness of feature for which the young men of this extraordinary coun- try are remarkable ; so that we were vastly encouraged to pour in our cold water in still more copious drafts ; but we at length finished our benumbing polar lecture, with a promise, that we would certainly read his play, and tell him can- didly what we thought of it ; and finally we invited him to call again in a few days. On opening the portfolio, there stood revealed a good quire of foolscap, stitched together, the leaves of which were full of writing of a very neat de- scription and plain, divided into acts and scenes with all the precision of a printed play-book, the titles and headings being transcribed in text and large italic hands, so as to make every part nearly as distinct, as if it had been in type. This displayed such great industry and preci- sion, that we were encouraged to look at the title. The word Donohoe struck a damp on our kindling expectations. "Do- nohoe ?" (we exclaimed internally) the low vulgar Donohoe ? a man without heart, soul, or understanding, and above all, of doubtful courage ? This must be altered. It must be Walmsley or Webber ; these banditti were men of intellect and generosity ; there was something about these men a little heroic ; but as for the mean stupid animal Donohoe, the very name is enough to damn the piece. Changing Donohoe for Walmsley, in our own mind, we sat down to peruse the first tragedy in blank verse composed on this side the equator, which we ever heard of. On going through the work, we felt very considerable interest in the tale, the scenes, and the characters generally. The judg- ment at which we arrived on a hasty per- usal, was as follows :— 1\. That the attempt at blank verse should be abandoned; because, if the style were not confined to measured lines, the sen- tences would admit, in their construction, of a great and ready improvement. The play abounds with sentences, which, but for their being divided into lines of equal measure, and thereby twisted and tortured, would be full of force, & many of them, we think, not deficient in pa- thos and beauty. 2\. There appears some plagiarism in intro- ducing the witches & ghosts, and a little, we suspect, of language and ideas, but the scenes are Australian, and the said witches and ghosts are made as much Australian, as by a wrench of the imagination and judgment, such exclusively Shakesperean creatures, can be made Australian. 3\. The work will not pay for publishing ; but we think it would pay both the Au- thor, and Messrs. Levey and Simmons for performing. It is superior to half the stuff that "His Majesty's servants of the Theatre Royal Sydney," have performed there, and will continue to perform there. 4\. For, when our Currency lads & lasses up the country, come to learn, through the newspapers, that a play, and a tragedy too, is to be performed by "His Majesty's servants," of which Walmsley and Webber (Donohoe may be chucked in as a make weight,) are the heroes, and of which Windsor and Richmond are the scenes, and our Colo- nial O'Bryans, and Rileys &c.; &c.; are the other characters, and (above all,) their own countrymen, a Native too of their own dear Hawkesbury, the Author ; and that by patronising this first humble attempt of youthful New South Wales genius, they may perhaps raise up and encourage a writer who may be stimu- lated to do or write, what may attract ap- plause out of the Colony as well as in it ; we think, that not only will the Currency lads and lasses flock down from the in- terior to Sydney by scores, but they will drag down their parents, and uncles and aunts, and godfathers and godmothers along with them, and make bumper houses for half-a- dozen market-eves res- pectively ; to wit, Wednesday-evenings ; out of the nett proceeds whereof, the youthful Author (of course), would take his share ; and thus receive encourage- ment, of a kind somewhat more sub- stantial than "the unbounded applause" which we hope will be going on inside "the Theatre Royal" while "His Ma- jesty's servants" are cutting and stabbing and shooting each other, in true Dono- hoe style, and to the hearts' content of the youthful Currency present to behold the astonishing and sublime spectacle. We have written this, unknown to the youthful Author. We propose, if it meet with his approbation, to give in a subse- quent number, a sketch of the tale, and of the scenes, with specimens of the dia- logue. In case we should be permitted to do this, we deprecate severe criticism on the part of our Contemporaries, and hope they will give our young Tragedian the encouragement which his inexperienced modesty, & unaided & unencouraged youth, so imperiously demand at their hands ; and not at their hands only, but also at the hands of that public, before whose awful presence, this scion of the Hawkesbury is about to appear. "With the exception of Mr. Mudie's establishment at Castle Forbes, the whole of the assigned servants on the farms of the Hunter, are in a quiet and orderly state."— (ONE OF THE TWO PRISONERS' JOURNALS.) In conformation of this statement, we have to notice, that the small number of thirteen bushrangers, runaways from the Hunter's River Settlers, lately made an attack on the farm of the Rev. Richard Hill in that quarter of the Colony ; and because a con- vict lad there had been reported to the marauders as having done his duty to his overseer by giving information respecting them, or some of their friends, they treated him in a most brutal manner. 