actuated by philanthropy in hit importations from Oporto. So that when we see a flourish ing establishment like the Derwent Bank in creasing: its capital, we bail it' with satisfaction as another proof— one more than the many already assignable—of the signal prosperity which the Colony is enjoying at the present period. But at nothing more. While upon this subject, we cannot refrain from noticing ft very prevalent idea' that has got into rather general currency, — namely,— to uBe the. energetic phraseology most com monly in use,— -that ' if it' were not for the Banks, the Colony would goto pot in no time.' And in support of this position, one's ears are assailed with the interminable array of general isms in such case made and provided ; — but the great and manifest advantage asserted to be derived from the agency of the Banks is, that the Colony would ~be in the predicament of having no money at all if it were not for their magical powers in the creation of that commodity. ' In geometry,' said Voltaire, 'thereare no sects; all men are agreed upon a. truth which is demonstrable,' It is lucky that po litical economy is at length entitled to the tnrm of an exact science ; and the man who ' should dispute the known properties of the triangle would be received for a being not a jot more unintelligent than he \vh6 should * assert that national wealth. consisted in bank notes, and that money could not always be procured with money's worth. The Banks furnishing the Colony with money! Suppose the Banks all dissolved. Where would the capitals go to ? Would they vanish into thin air '—or would not the part ners of the defunct concerns take their re spective dividends of capital and profit and do with them as they saw fit? Of course they would ; and money capital would remain the same in solid amount, — Banks or no Banks, — though it is to be conceded that sundry con veniences now for sale at the Bank Shops would be then out of the market ; but as these conveniences are sold at a rate so as to realize ? a pood living profit, the step now taking by I ' the Derwent,' and the new English scheme, m displays how little chance there is of the I Colony being unprovided with abundance of I Banks- ? Where does all the profit come from now ? realized by the Banks — is it of self creation ; — K these handsome half-yearly dividends of which K one has no occasion to play Paulus Pry to be ? apprised? Money makes money — and the ? money made certainly came from somewhere ; ? and surely it requires no ghost to point out (he m pockets of the community as the mine of the ? occasion. A corollary to this is, that where a ? people can afford systematically to deduct B from their profits so much as they do in this K Colony, as payment for the ' accommodation ' B afforded by Banks, those profits must be high ^K — as they are in fact known to be by other ^ft and more direct evidence. Hf It is an acknowledged principle of nature, B&\- that matter is indestructible. So in a country |B|, fertile by nature and overwhelming with sale Wm able produce in proportion to its population , — lip many men may Sourish upon the ruin of their H fellows, — and generally the fat of the land K may be unequally divided ; — yet nevertheless B is it impossible for the country to be otherwise K than wealthy in (lie aggregate. It is thus K with us. However many may be ruined indi m viduolly, their ruin is only the token of greater ? gain to the prosperous. Whatever combina m tions enter into the possession of property, the B gross result is an extraordinary amount of pro ? duce for home consumption, — and so extra m ordinary a sum total of exportable produce, B that, in return for it, our community obtains ? more luxuries of all sorts, than, in proportion ? to its numerousness, we will venture to say, m was ever before possessed by any community ? in this mortal world. And when it pleases— ? and when it wants it— any given portion of ? exportable produce can command a return of H money, as it can of four-wheeled carriages B and Cbampaigne wine. ? When the reader is told, therefore, that the H Banks are the prop, the main-stay, the qnly K. support of the Colony, — let the answer be, that K the Island, which is the prop and the main B stay and the support of the Banks. And B divested of all clap-traps, who does not see in B the thriving banking establishment a precise K parallel to every other scheme of traffic — the B- device of its originators, asmuch as any liuck ?1 ster's stall is that of its owner, to come in for B* dividend at the general cutting-up.of the !^B|aggregate profits of stock' throughout the glBtountry ? » We see it remarked in the Hobart Town K Courier, ' that the attention of the Legislative R Council is at present devoted to the passing of ?| tlie Fencing Act. ...andthat a mass of in ?r formation, and the general sense of the settler* B on the subject, have been for some time before B the Council.' So we presume that this measure B. will be shortly added to the acts of session. B It would be tiresome to our readers to re ? iterate all our objections to the proposed law m — a law to compel people to do that which, ? upon all fair presumptions, we contend they ? would do for the most-part without compulsion, E whenevertheirinteregtshouldieadthemtliereto. I But we cannot allow the Council again to I resume work in a matter of such great colonial I interest in entire silence. And we would I therefore lay before ihem in brief the sum of I ' our objectiona against the contemplated mea - I sure. .'?-?? — ?\T *i .-?? I jA. Feocing Act,-nra law having, a general I tendoncy,-4n «vecy%ense ajpublic measure, — I ? should,-iris conceiredi (be 4;lie result of some I 'undoubted -public necessity.1 And were it the I caw, that *he icolbmsu'-at: large were at I mortal feud on-die -subject of fencing, bu that, notwithstanding, to fence were always more advantageous to the settler than to leave it alone, — such public necessity might be said to exist. But what is the case? For ho it many who are willing to fence when prudence and good feeling demand it, how few are re fractory — blind to their own interest — or in clined to take mean advantage of thetr neigh bours ? Surely they must be uery few, taking the colonists generally : and is it wise, then, we demand, to make a general law to coerce them in particular —a law of such a nature that no matter how modified or mollified, will place in the handsof the wealthy a means of annoy ing the poor? Is it wise, we ask, to take exceptions as the rule of guidance in legisla tion ? Would it be held justifiable to tie all men's hands behind them because some might be maniacs ? But it will be hastily said, the Act will be inoperative as respects all those who would fence of their own free will — touching only those who would prove them selves refractory neighbours. To which the answer is, that there can -be no satisfactory degree of certainty that the law would work thus diBcriminately ; but that on the contrary, while things remain as they are, self interest tends to promote combination in fencing to the greatest desirable extent, the very circum stance of fencing hereafter being compellable at law will originate bad blood, and be sug gestive of opposition and counteraction, among neighbouring settlers. No: upwards of a year's reflection confirms us in our original opinion, that it is not a Fencing Act that the Colony requires : — let the bad neighbour find his correction in an amended Impounding Act. Let specific evils be met by specific remedies; and in a law of the latter nature, let the refractory trespasser have a section to himself. And that a sugges tion be not wanting, be it enacted, ' that in ' every case of a settler holding land occupied ' by authority of government for years, ' refusing to fence with any neighbour holding ' land contiguous, being thereto invited, his ' stock shall be chargeable with heavier pound ' age fees [according to scale to be annexed] on 1 every case of trespass on sucli neighbour's ' land ; and thai after [a certain] number of ' distinct impounding?, such neighbour may ' fence along the boundary line common to him ' and such settler, and recover one moiety of ' the expense by application made to Justices ♦ in Quarter Sessions.' Let the lawyers see that acoach-and-fouT cannot bedriven through the above, and we warrant it to work better than the threatened'Fencing Act. Having been obligingly favored by the Agent of the Rhoda, with the latest newspaper re ceived by that vessel, which left England late in July, we are under the necessity of giving our readers a Supplement this week — desirous of rendering our journal in every way worthy of the patronage it is favored with throughout the Colony. Our own files tire not later than June. Among other things, it will be seen that a project for the colonization of South Australia is again brought forward; and as we have reason to believe that a sound new of the principles upon which emigration should be carried on is entertained by the parties origi nating it, we trust it may meet with more countenance from the Ministry than the scheme of 1832. From Mr. Rice, indeed, we are led to expect as ranch as may be reasonably looked for from any Minister enlisting under the aris ? tocratical banners of Wliiggery. For from the certain information we have of this gentle man, he is a manof business — of solid, though not brilliant parts — and one who, in his past capacity of Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury, has shown to the present Adminis tration the value of business-like habits and a ready mind on all occasions requiring clear detail. As to his being, by the bye, a ' pupil of Pitt's ' — as has been observed somewhere — it happens that Mr. Rick came into being in the year of grace 1790, (in May,) and Pitt died, if we remember aright, in 1805. Whence it occurs that on the death of Pitt, Rice was only fifteen years of age — a tolerably young political pupil. But the fact is, Spring Rice has the general reputa tion. of possessing liberal principles and inde pendence enough to act for himself— of being in truth as little like a Pittite as a man may well be who is not absolutely a radical or a jacobite. The Rhoda has brought us all our Reviews and Magazines to June ; but we have not yet had time to examine them thoroughly. The Westminster Review has set an example to its aristocratic brethren, the Quarterly and Edin burgh, by lowering its price to 4s. but without any abatement in the talent, with which this valuable work has ever been conducted. Tait has also lowered its price to Is. — a price which a most numerous subscription list can alone enable the publisher to stand. The Morning Chronicle correspondent, O. P. Q., is now an established contributor to Tait— And we shall, we doubt not, see occasion to add to the luminous letters from this clever writer which have already appeared in our Journal. Har riet Maetineau also distinguishes herself in this work, and the author of 'Corn Law Rhymes;' so that it promises to be the best as it is the cheapest of the Monthly publications. The New Monthly we consider lacks Bulwer, who, notwithstanding all his affectations, is a bold and original thinker and a forcible and eloquent writer; but it is still clever. And Blackwood has revived his Noctes^Chnt topher North and the Ettrick Shepherd having 'made it 4ip.' In the first pane of our paper will be. found the Memorial to the Lieutenant Governor resolved on at the Public Meeitng of the 39th of September ; Report from the-Commiilee appointed om Uic same oc casion to collect information us to the slate of ilic River; the reply of the Government ; and a ' Protest' by the deputation in consequence of such reply. The roost important part of the whole proceedings is un doubtedly the Report of the Committee ; and, as far we can judge, a satisfactory document it is as respects the information it embraces; but it seems to us a matter of some regret that this information could not have been imparted without a fling Wing had at the 'many persons' who dread 'drawing down upon themselves the displeasure of the Local Government, See.' However, — and be all that as it may, — it is highly gratifying to witness the result. An official Committee— from whicli of course the Local Govern ment cm alone ostensibly receive information as to the exact state of the River and what is required to render its navigation secure-^is promptly ordered to assemble on the spot; and the presenters of the me morial are to be communicated with directly lhat the report of such Committee sliall be received. It is still manifest — and it is still to the credit of all con cerned — lhat die actual information given by the Committee of a Public Meeting is the origin of any steps which Government may ultimately decide upon taking for the security of the Port. We confess we do not see very clearly the reason of the grounds alledgetl by tlie Deputation for their protest against the appointment of Lieutenant Friend, the Officer of the Port, to be one of the Government Committee. In the absence of any inculpatory charges against this Officer— -and indeed until such should be clearly substantiated) any being preferred, — we should say the Port Officer is the most pro per person of all living men for the Government to nominate to their Committee. The fact of his being a competent witness is the oxact thing that makes him a valuable Committee mun ; for it is to be held in mind that the Committee can report what it knows of Us own knowledge as well as what it ascertains from the evidence of others — in precisely the same way that the nautical men of the Meeting's Committee have doubtless established facts by the authenticity of their personal experience. Under this view of the case xve regret that it should hare been held advisable to enter any protest against what is only a preliminary de termination of the Government — a determination which should be judged, and judged rigidly too, by the fairest of all criteria — its results. , LAUNCESTON, Octobeii 30, 1834. If I might give a ?JioVt hint to an impartial writer, it I would be to tell Mm hit fate. If fie ruofuei to wntun H upon the dangerous prtcipiee of Jelling unbiassed truth, B let him proclaim uiar irith mankind i la mode le paii B de Pole— lieitfter io giii nor to tokejuarter. If he it IU H tht crimes of great men, they fall upon him with the ?{ iron *and» 0/ the Una: (f he telU their virtues, uAn jjj then have any, thin the mop attacks htm with slander. 91 But if hi regards truth, let him eipert martyrdom m H both tides, and then he may go on fearlea ; and tht* it IK the course I take myself.— Dt Foe. M Several friends having given us reason to mini uiu as the continued insertion of the paragraph which has for g some time past appeared in this portion of our paper it ? lating to the deceased Jaues Pike, may do ham It I*' fl Colonj/,— however much the Government »re blameablf ? for allowing weft ft paragraph to be published twice ina ? public journal ; we have been induced lo withdraw it. ? But on no eardily account shall we lose sight of the cir- ? cumsUnces which gave rise to*its insertion; ofahich n» ? are now fully apprised. ? We see by advertisement in the Hobart Town ? Courier, that the Derwent Bank are raising ? their capital to £100,000; and what we are ? much pleased to see, they intend granting cash ? credits on the Scotch principle. We believe ? this is to be the plan of the Tamar Bank-at ? least we have in mind that when tU establish- ? ment was agitated some months ago this was ? partof. its specifications. So that a new fea- ? ture will distinguish the banking transactions ? of the Colony, North and South; and « ? make little doubt that all the banking cod- ? cerns of the two towns will be seen adopting ? ' In a country where the practice so uniyer- ? sally obtains as in this, of buying coromoa-li« ? by a ' proniise to pay '. in three months time, ? *i._ „-„». «„ a ..nm;nlint inn nt the bank is to ? ' fork up ' to the vender the amount at once, n always dedncting.be it never (otpMzWf- M tein portion by-way t)f interest, and taMj* M the said promise-to- pay as security. So tow m the aggregataamount x-f all tlie bargains and ? sales presenay-foing onintbe Colony beings ? remain always unsettled, for tfcattime, the in- ? habitants voluntarily inflict upon themselves-- m (but for many considerations not now destrepie h or necessary to *nter into, an infliction »1w» ? may well be^ttended with overbalancing a£ ? vantage)-' perpetual ta« .to the money tel ' ? for such prompt accommodation. t«wlllJ?. ? haps be^seen that any consideration of w ? paper-money system would onlv perplex un q necessarily the subject we have in hand.] j« ? cotdingly when banks are seen^eKtending «« ? capitals, itfainfaUibly because «fl^»T I the bankers that transactions are ♦»*»» ? crease-f»temal-rode, togiveit^goodoamf ? -and ihatAe capital in possession »s no ? enough fo valise all thfe pronttltat mxght ae ? crue from accBmmodfttbg all in quest -* « | commodaUon. HUM«eitamly «*».?»«* I an advised influx of Port-wine is a nevetj m ? ing token of a4enumdte the community lor ? thi purd»asei)f.ti«it»ushv ?^?**fiK! I cry that iindet the cireumstwloes **»«£ I banker was increasing his capital for the public good, instead of for his particular proﬁt, were 