Greenwood again! The True Colonist of last Tuesday contained some home truths, in which the name of the Chief Police Magistrate appeared rather conspicuously, and most opportunely the ghost of the bleeding and lacerated Greenwood was conjured up by the worthy Assistant Police Magistrate, to take vengeance on the Editor. The Paper was published at three o'clock on Tuesday ; and, at three o'clock on Wednesday, the Editor was served with a summons, at the suit of Mr. MASON, to appear on Saturday before Captain FORSTER. Poor Mr. MASON!! How gratified he must feel with any thing that recalls GREEN- WOOD!!!! to his recollection. We sympathise with Mr. MASON ; and, that he may never forget GREENWOOD! he will, next week, find a correct historical painting of GREENWOOD'S story, exhibited for his special gratification, in a print shop, in Collins-Street. The Public are indebted to Mr. MASON, for reviving the story, which ought never to have been forgotten by any portion of the Press of this Colony. Our Readers will recollect that Mr. LASCELLES was originally held to bail for publishing some remarks on GREENWOOD'S case. But it is not Mr. LASCELLES or Mr. ROBERTSON, that is the eyesore ; it is the Conductor of the PEOPLE'S JOURNAL, under whatever name that Journal may appear. Buy, as the fate of ONE, may be the fate of MANY, some persons may call to mind the unceasing persecution which has been directed against Mr. ROBERTSON and his family for the last three years ; in which, both Captain FORSTER and Mr. MASON have been no idle agents. Connect this with the remarks in the True Colonist, on Captain FORSTER'S new dignity; and we must think that there is something out of the usual course of Press-gagging Prosecutions, in the present case. But we are glad to find that Green- wood's case is not allowed to sleep. The agitation of the case will do good; though, of course, the victim will suffer inconvenience, as we understand he is determined to protest against answering before Captain FORSTER, for good and Sufficient reasons; and also to protest and "stand mute" if brought to trial before a Military Jury. He will, of course, be convicted and sentenced. But trial for libel before a Military Jury and conviction are almost synonimous terms; and, although the prosecution, considering the time that has elapsed, since the date of the alleged offence, and the impossibility of connecting Mr. ROBERTSON with the Journal, or any of its con- tents at that period, is in itself so flagrant an act, (independent of the horrid transaction which it will recal to the public mind) that even here the Attorney General could hardly file an information, or even a Military Jury convict, if the defendant would submit to the form of a Trial by a Military Jury. It is better considering that he has made himself a public character, that he should suffer, than compromise the rights for which he has been, and still is contending against the arbitrary acts of power; and as the persecuting powers appear determined to finish what they have so well begun—the ruin of himself and family—if they are determined that he shall be, crushed, it is more creditable for him to suffer that crushing, in defence of an important public fight, than in any of the various ways by which the ruin of any man must be effected, who speaks so plainly as he has done against public abuses. Trial by Jury is now the law of the land by Act of Parliament ; which declares that it shall be the law so soon as it becomes the King's pleasure to grant it. The King has declared his pleasure to grant us Trial by Jury. The Royal Assent has been given to that clause, and it is therefore in full force; It is the law of England, as much as the clause which empowers Colonel ARTHUR'S Legislators to vote his estimutes; and his Legislators cannot alter it. Mr. STANLEY has declared in the House of Commons, that we have Trial by Jury. And we are all obliged to Mr. MASON for bringing before the Courts, a person who is willing to suffer the worst that can be inflicted by those who would deprive us of what our King and his Parliament have given us, rather than compromise that right. We hope that Captain FORSTER will not deal with the present case in his secret Tribunal. Mrs. MACKAY'S Benefit, at the Theatre, Argyle Rooms, takes place to-morrow evening.— We agree with one of our Contemporaries, that this lady is a great favorite with the Public, and that she will, no doubt, have a bumper house—at least we hope she will. As the pieces are selected with taste, we are satisfied that those who do patronize Mrs. MACKAY, will be much delighted with the entertainments. We beg to refer our readers to her advertisements, inserted in this evening's Horn Boy. 