ANECDOTES AND REMARKS RELATIVE TO THE ABORIGINES AT KING GEORGE'S SOUND. (From an Original Manuscript by a Resident at King George's Sound) [continued.] Next day, however, a native came in who had been some time in the bush, and who said he had not met with any of Nakina's party,—and the following, or day after, two or three little boys, generally in the Settlement, returned with Talwin, a young man, who had been much indisposed. By them, Nakina sent his English dress, having appropriated to himself half of a blanket which I had given to Talwin a day or two before. The latter native I have before mentioned as servant to the Commandant, whom he had left at the commencement of winter. He had been seve- ral times in the Settlement since, and from his first return (only a short time after his leaving his master), he was always more or less sick, and became more and more emaciated. Indeed, for some time before Mokkaré's death, he was danger- ously indisposed. I urged him to stay in the Set- tlement until perfectly recovered, and had I once seen that he was inclined to abide by this rule, I would have assisted him still further with medi- cine; but, as Mokkaré had evaded my good in- tentions, and by his conduct tended to throw great discredit on the whites, I determined to administer no more medicine to my black patients until I thought I might trust to their observance of the requisite injunctions to keep within doors. This, however, Talwin would not do, for no sooner did he recover a little, by remaining in the Settlement, than he betook himself to the bush bivouac of his native advisers, to whom he did not fail to attach the whole blame, especially to the recommenda- tion of an old uncle, Koolburn, who, in addition to his authority as a relation, assumed that of a descendant of Æsculapius. He was one of the doctors of the tribe. When Talwin returned after Mokkaré's funeral, the older natives departed to some distance, and he was now but, alas! too late, left unsolicited to exposure and unnoticed, to take his chance among us. The Commandant and his lady most humane- ly and most praiseworthily undertook to nurse him, and, at their pressing request, I made a hopeless trial of medicine. It was much too late, and he died, after a lingering and painful illness, on the morning of the 24th of August. We buried him near Mokkaré, there being only one native lad and two boys in the Settlement to superintend the native ceremonies, for which they shewed any thing but laudable emulation. Whatever are the superstitious notions enter- tained by these rude tribes, there is the utmost aversion and horror at dead bodies, so much that only the intimate friends will take part in the funeral ceremonies. And, even after death, the name of the defunct is most sedulously avoided being spoken; even the mere hearing of it pro- duces an appalling shock of trepidation and the most suppliant entreaties to desist from uttering so direful a sound. It was some time after this, before Koolburn re-visited the Settlement, and when he did, it was said he exhibited great feeling on being told of Talwin's death; but this exhibition of tenderness did not come under my observation. I found great fault with him for having taken his nephew to the cold native bivouacs, and thereby caused his premature decease; and I had also the same reason to chide him for similar conduct he was observing to Charlie Brown, a young boy, before mentioned, now considerably indisposed. My ad- vice availed not. The old man continued to visit the Settlement from time to time, and, during these visits, contrived to get the other to accom- pany him a night or two each time at or near his native hut, causing a repetition of relapses to the invalid until his constitution was completely under- mined, and he also fell a sacrifice to his own thoughtlessness and the perverse obstinacy of his old counsellor. This boy lingered a considerable time and suffered much: he refused medicine, un- less under a paroxysm of pain, and until too late. Every care was taken of him by the kindness of a most humane lady, but nothing could overcome his occasional inclination for the bush. One of these nights as the sun was disappearing, he came to me to beg permission, or rather countenance, to pass the night in the bush. I repeated and strong- ly enforced every argument I had ever used be- fore, and, for one night, succeeded in keeping him in the Settlement, two other natives, Gyallipert and Tatan, having seconded my efforts, credit to whom credit is due. The dark motives of my swarthy friends were unblushingly exposed, imme- diately the little boy turned to go to the house where he lived, "bicket:" "Me wangker (tell), Charlie Brown; top" (stop.) "Kai (yes), me wangker plenty;" "me very good." This concise and urgent appeal made laughing, shewed me at once that the hypocritical heartless rascals, for whose sense and humanity their advice had raised my temporary estimation, were jesting with the sufferings of the poor boy. Their too great eager- ness wholly defeated their purpose, for I instantly shut the door upon them, and it was ridiculous enough to hear the other (for it was only one who made the so abrupt appeal for biscuit) protesting his sincerity and upbraiding his companion for having spoiled the trick. I am not at all certain that the little sick urchin himself was not a party to the deceitful roguery. If he was, he played his part à merveille, for he went away with tears in his eyes apparently at the impression made upon him so contrary to his inclination, by my admonition and strenuous advice. How far the sick are attended to and taken care of in the bush, I had no opportunity of knowing. They do not appear to be entirely deserted, but the mere obligation of the family to which they belong remaining for any period at one station, must be very inconvenient, as for the feeding of a sick man that has no appetite cannot impose a very laborious duty, and this I imagine is all that is required or afforded. The boy just mentioned took a great fancy to cray fish (kyelkè), which are found in considerable numbers in the small pits of water in the swamps close to the Settle- ment, and begged his former comrades to catch them for him. They could catch as many as would serve him for a day in a few minutes, but the frugal supply was generally withheld unless they were promised biscuit or rice from us. This boy, for some time before his death, lived in my kitchen, where he expired one evening as the twilight was setting in Nakina and some others were at my fire when the servant announced that he was dead, but they burst into no heart-felt grief—only drew close round the fire—assumed a lower tone of con- versation, as if conscious that some demon, spec- tre or ghost was hovering round ready, like the eagle, to pounce upon them as its victims. One of them whom I obliged to go and put the corpse into position, would not stir without a lighted stick— their protecting divinity on such occasions, although one on whose omnipotence they seem to have some misgivings, as none of my party would venture the greater distance of the houses where they were lodging, but all remained in my room for the night, putting a curb on Nature's laws till the light of the ensuing day. It was about a month after Mokkaré's death, that Nakina had returned to the Settlement; other persons as well as myself had strongly urged the impropriety of going out to spear some innocent and unsuspecting person on the death of a relation or friend, to which I had added the inducement of jackets, trowsers, biscuit, &c.; Nakina now made a virtue of having returned so soon, and strongly protested that neither he nor Waiter (a younger brother, who also came with him,) had speared any person. He wore the half blanket which he had taken from Talwin: had an air of gravity and reserve that might well be sup- posed was the effect of the sorrowful recollections called up by his re-visit to the spot where his bro- ther had so recently expired. His figure, which is imposing in the native robe, was much reduced: not so much from the effects of inconsolable grief as of precarious and laborious subsistence. He examined the clothes which he had left at the Set- tlement, but they had been little cared for and sent up no agreeable effluvia to his nostrils, which for the past month had snuffed any thing but confined air. I ordered them to be washed, and he, after getting some pounds of biscuit to eat and carry with him, retired to his native quarters close to the Settlement, saying that he would get washed and shaved before he changed his dresses. Waiter returned to the service of, and acquitted himself to the satisfaction of his master, displaying more intellectual qualities and fewer animal propensities than any other of his tribe whom I knew. For several weeks after his return he must have found himself in a perfect elysium. Some vague reports of the disaffection of the natives had gained great credit, and Nakina's return and stay had a power- ful tendency to quiet the anxious suspicion that had been unfoundedly created. Every one was ready to share with him part of their meals, and such gifts were duly appreciated by a half-famished native. Two or three meals a-day were nothing to his measure. The whole of his time was occupied in eating and sleeping. The families breakfasting and dining at very different hours the one to the other, afforded him a delightful opportunity of obliging all his unsolicited but not unserved pre- sence. I was generally among the latest, and al- though he had gone through the Settlement before, he always came prepared to make an enormous meal, fully three times what would satisfy any common appetite. This he continued until, as I expected, and, indeed, wished, he brought on indigestion, and ultimately rheumatism, and eager- ly demanded "physic," and as I saw he was alarmed and inclined to adhere to my prescriptions, I complied, and after a medical and surgical treat- ment for the two diseases, he recovered, but hav- ing now, no active exercise, the bulimia fortunately did not keep equal pace with his returning health, and has never since reached the all-devouring mag- nitude of the preceding weeks. If we had entertained any idea that the natives had the least suspicion, superstitious or real, re- garding our conduct to them, more especially to those who had died in the Settlement, Nakina's anxiety for medicine and surgical treatment was perfectly sufficient to remove it. This I failed not to impress upon the timorous, in order to remove a causeless alarm that had acquired such force as to call forth the exclamation one day on its being surmised that Nakina and Waiter had left the Settlement, "Then we shall be all murdered!" No part of the medical or surgical treatment was so readily submitted to, or I should, in his case, say, received with so great pleasure as sca- rification and cupping; for the apparent reason that among themselves they exercise the scarifica- tions, and that my lancet and the exhausted glass, for I had no cupping instruments, were so superior to the native substitute,—an angular piece of flint or kangaroo's tooth. Raised scars are observed very common on the bodies of the natives, the re- mains of these scarifications, and perhaps, too, of incisions made in the observance of some common custom. They are generally thickest set on the breast. The Æsculapian art appears to be only dawning on the inhabitants of this part of the world, for, in addition to what I have mentioned, friction on the diseased parts, softening them at the same time with the local vapour bath of heated air expired from the lungs, was the extent of their chirurgy that fell under my observation. Their ars medica seems still more confined, as I could not learn that they employed any drug whatever, and their medicines are certainly very few. During the winter (Mokkar of the Natives) scarcely any of them came into the Settlement. They appeared for some reasons already adduced to obtain their food more easily in the interior; and I may also mention that the floods at that season of the year, and more particularly when the waters of the rivers retire in the spring, afford great opportunities of procuring fish by means of wares. As the spring advanced (in the native season of Mamungúll), our visitors became a little more numerous, and among the first was Winnawar, the person suspected of having trespassed on the farm in May. He had also at that time been in dis- grace with part of the tribe for having walked off with another's wife. Now, however, Nakina gave him a good character and he recommended himself by his activity and smartness, so I thought it pre- ferable to let his former delinquency sleep. Tal- mamundy was also residing at the Settlement with the Commandant and gaining the good will of al- most every one, servant and master, by his unal- terable good nature and his facetious and innocent mimicry. Over and above these, among the ladies of his own hue he was the Prince of Lo- tharios; there was scarcely a husband who either had not had cause to revenge on him his injured honour, or to be highly jealous of his intrigues. No hostile feeling, however, between him and of- fended parties displayed itself to any extent until some time after they had disposed of his body un- derground. This horrid act of deceit and murder, although surmised by some at the time, did not come to full light for some weeks after. The cause which I have assigned, and I have not been able to discover any other, never seemed sufficient for all the parties who assisted in the crime. The closeness to the Settlement at which it was committed long made me hesitate to believe the rumour. At last, however, it was openly pro- claimed by all the blacks—the circumstances at- tending and the actors in it promulgated. The answer that had been given to our inquiries— "when Talmamundy would come back?" "where he was?" (by and bye come mat tittle)—i.e.; he had only gone a little way into the interior and would be back, by and bye, was no longer repeat- ed. No subterfuge was now offered, but each en- deavoured to shift the guilt of being an actor to the innocence of being an absentee or spectator at most from his own shoulders on those of the others. These mutual recriminations, combined with other intelligence, shewed that in one of the last days of October, a party, consisting of Winnawar, Wad- déwokin, Metyalwin, Wong, Toolungatwallé, Na- kina, Waiter and Munknar, having, at the entice- ment of the last-mentioned, got him to accompany them out of the Settlement a short mile, fell upon, speared, killed and buried him not 60 yards from the path that leads to the farm. One of the na- tives shewed me the place where he ineffectually struggled against his assailants, and the grave, about fifteen yards distant, where they had igno- miniously buried him without any well-formed cresentic ridge, to shelter him on the south; with- out any spears or throwing sticks, emblematical of his exercise in hunting. No fire had been lighted to temper the chill of his cold house; no tree had its bark circularly chopped round to point out to the wanderer of the wilds, that here his fellow man lay buried. A few branches, withered when I saw them, alone concealed the narrow surface denuded of its vegetation, and might readily be passed by unobserved—an obscurity, no doubt, in- tended by the diabolical murderers. Talmamundy's natal ground was, I understood, on the borders of the King George's Sound (Mon- galan) tribe, and either for this or some other un- known reason the natives who arrived from a dis- tance at the Settlement, soon after his murder, ap- peared to wish to revenge him, and constantly put the perpetrators of his murder into the greatest terror for their lives. The latter had either dis- persed into the bush, kept close in the Settlement, or sought the protection of some white person at no great distance, until the dreaded visitors had retired. (To be continued.) 