Domestic intelligence. (From a Correspondent.) In the Colonial Times, of Tuesday last, appears a copy of a circular from Messrs. Buckles, Bagster, and Co., of London, stating that in consequence of a sale of 900 hales Co- lonial wool, imported per Mountaineer, at Li- verpool, having gone off at prices fully 20 per cent, below those obtained at London only a fortnight previously, the reduction of price established there to a certain extent, had had a prejudicial effect upon the market generally. As this statement from Messrs. Buckles has had a very injurious effect here, by throwing a damp upon the purchasers of wool in the Co- lony, to the great injury of the grower, it would only be fair to publish in your next number, a list of the marks, nos., and prices of the Mountaineer's sales, as copied from the Sydney Herald, of 28th November, to enable the public to form their own conclusions of the correctness of Messrs. Buckles statement, and hearing in mind that the shipment, per Mountaineer, consisted principally of the ordi- nary wools of the Colony, whilst among the previous London sales, were the finest wools of New South Wales, from the highly improved flocks of Messrs. Macarthur, Cox, Riley, &c.; The accompanying list is that of the sales, per Mountaineer, above referred to. J ML, 9 bales, 2s. 4Jd. to 2s. 7§d. ; DTN, 8 bales, 2s. 6d. to 3s. Id. ; N, 9 bales, 2s. 3$ to 2s. 9d. ; 1R It, 6 bales, 2s. Gd. to 2s. 7§d ; E R, 2. bales, 2s 7£d. ; W C C,' 9 bale;,, 2s. 7d. to 3s. Id. ; Mville, 59 bales, viz., 28 bides, 3s. to 3s. 3d., 28 hales, 2s. 7d- to 2s. lid., 3 bales, 1 lOid. ; MK, 27 bales, viz., Í5 bales, 3s. to 3s. ljd., 10 bales, 2s. lOd. to 2s. l(Hd., 2 bales, 2s. l¿d. to 2s. 3d. ; CSC, 10 bales, 2s. Id. to 2s. 7id. ; C B, 49 bales, 2s. to 2s. 8id. ; S S, 10 bales, 2s. 14d. to 2s. 8d. ; S S, within a diamond, 1 bale, ls."i)M.; RHS', Shales, Is. 9d¿. to 2s. 14d. ; M, 77 bales, 2s. 2§d. to 2s. 8Jd.; M, 1 bale, 2s. 2d. ; P R, 2 bales, 2s. 4¿d.. to 2s. Gd. ; WS', 15 bales, 2s. S'id. to 2s. Sid. ; P\V, 21 bales, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 6kd. ; G T, 12 bales, 2s. 2d. to 2». 9|d.; WJSBÄ, 25 bales, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 8d. ; F R, 44 bales, 2s. 2d. to 3s. 0£d. ; H P, 43 bales, 2s. 4£d to 2s. 11 id. ; W L, GO bales, 2s. 4d. to 2s. lid. ; C B, 8 bales, 2s. 3§d. to 2s. 7d. ; S M, 2 bales, 3s. 3Jd to 3s. 4d. ; W D, 10 bales, 2s. Sid. to 2s. 8id. ; WM Wf 34 bales, 2s. 3d. to 2s. lOd. ; R P, 4 bales, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4M ; H B, 4 bales, 2s. to 2s. 7id. ; W, 8 bales, 2s. 7d. to 2s. 8id. ; C, 4 bales, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d. ; IM, 2G bales, 2s. 6d. to 2s. lLjd. ; A, 3 bales, 2s. to 2s. 3d. ; AT, 12 bales, 2s. 7d. to 2s. 8d. ; T,s' 43 bales, 2s. Ojd. to 2s. 7d. ; G I, 10 bales, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3¿d.; A. G. 1 bale, 2s. 10Jd. We have been favoured, upon good authority, with the following particulars of the capture of the four bushrangers—Newman, Ward, Buchan and Lindsay:—On Wednes- day last, it appears, they went to the house of Connell, near Jacobs's Sugar Loaf, and di- rected him to prepare breakfast for them im- mediately—at the same time representing themselves to be gentlemen recently arrived from England. They were furnished with a considerable sum of money, principally sove- reigns, with gold watches in their pockets, and dressed like gentlemen. Breakfast was pre- pared for them, and dinner also, the best that could be procured, according to their order. About eight o'clock in the evening, three of them retired to bed, and left the other, who, it appears, is nick named " Scotch Jock"—no doubt for the purpose of keeping a look out. Connell, however, had his suspicions aroused, by observing one of the men, early in the af- ternoon, converse for some time with a pri- soner, living in the vicinity, and accordingly despatched a messenger to the residence of G. C. Clark, Esq., of Ellenthorpe Hall, for assistance — a constable being constantly sta- tioned at the residence of that gentleman. Both Mr. Clark and the constable were absent at the time the messenger arrived. The con- stable, on returning, went over in the evening to Mr.Connell's, when they immediately began to question the man who remained as watch. He affected surprise at their presuming to question a gentleman in such a manner ; they however were not to be " bounced," and almost immediately secured him. They then obtained some additional assistance from among Mr. Connell's servants, and went up stairs to the room occupied by the three other men, when a desperate fight ensued, which fortunately ended in the capture of the whole of them. The bushrangers were all armed with short knives, which they used unspa- ringly, although providentially without any fatal consequences. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Mr. Connell, for his brave behaviour in the capture of these men, and we sincerely hope, that not only himself, but the prisoners who assisted at the capture, will all be well rewarded by His Excellency. A most extraordinary spectral appear- ance has lately created great alarm, in the im- mediate neighbourhood of the Catholic Chapel. A few nights ago, a little before midnight, two short thick set personages with rubicund countenances, were discovered in a state of the most dreadful agony, having fallen into a fainting fit under the wall. "Proof ! Proof !" exclaimed one of them, " I have now proof positive. I tell you it was M'Shane's ghost, or may I never empty another naggin." "Hould your tongue, and be aisy, darlant jewel, or shure you're not your honoured Mother's son." " Aisy, indeed, is it, aisy enough for you, who has got it all in your bag, but not so for me to be frightened out of my life again, as I was about ten years ago by the two fire eaters, who, if I had not hid myself in the pratie gar- den, would have swallowed me alive." " Is it that what you mane,"says the t'other— "shure, did not I go afore the Court for you, and do my best for you." " Bad was your best, by my shoul," says the other," for shure the soger boys turned them up in spite of your blarney, and then, shure enuff, here's M'Shane come again to play the devil with us both. Och ! honey, what a mess you're in, but take hould of my coat tail, and I'll drag you through the mud as I have done others into the back door, and a drop of the cratur will make you a man again." We think it a disgrace to our Legis- lature, that no laws ave enacted, to counteract the pernicious evils that daily occur, and are felt so generally by all classes, through the scanda- lous and unlawful mode of regrating and fore- stalling, now so systematically practised in all trades in this Colony. Look at the Great Go- vernment Mill — look at the Government con- tracting miller. You can only have flour ground at his price. He dams up all the water, in violation of the Darling Police Act, and every other Chistianlike Act, until he thinks proper. He then lets loose his floodgates, and the water issues with such force, that no Mill but his own, the " Government Mill" can operate, and thereby he drowns all the other Millers ; for neither will Luckman or Mannington's (the latter he has smothered altogether) hear such a force of Water. Then people send to Sydney for flour, and that is instantly bought up by forestallers, regraters, monopolizers, and Government Contractors, and by these means, the poor in particular suffer. In our blessed Mother Country, heavy fines and long imprisonment, and sometimes a taste of the pillory, is the reward for such prac- tices, and here such punishments are doubly necessary. We perceive by the great Trumpeter newspaper, that the people of Launceston, have had a great accession of strength lately to the Survey Department, a brown paper parcel having arrived to W. Dawson, Esq. Assistant Surveyor General- The refuge for the destitute, at the Survey-office in this Town, can only boast of having the Surveyor General in person, together with his subordi- nate, the Collector of Internal Revenue, and a host of clerks, &c.; Already had the North, two officers high in rank - Captain Boyd, As- sistant Surveyor General ; Thomas Scott Es- quire, Deputy Assistant Surveyor General and now appears, W. Dawson, Esquire, another Assistant Surveyor General ! ! ! Be- fore his announcement, it was well known that all documents were referred to the De- puty Assistant Surveyor General for informa- tion. He was therefore the active Member. The Assistant Surveyor General, not being called upon to transact any business, had be- come & passive Member, and from the notable manner in which the Department is managed, no doubt W. Dawson Esquire, will remain al- together neuter. Happy ! lucky ! Launces- ton ! to have three such efficient officers Happy ! lucky ! trio ! to enjoy three such com- fortable places ! ! ! There has been a tremendous uproar among the Pew Sitters in the Court Cathe- dral. That worthy gentleman, Mr. Sexton Bryant, has been very active in endeavoring to keep pace with his brother collector, Mr. Moore, in collecting the rents. A Pew Pro- prietor feeling a little annoyed upon this sub- ject, wrote lately to Messrs. Stephen & Hone, the Church-wardens, the former gentleman returned for answer, that he was not a Church- warden - Mr. Hone therefore is sole lay-im- propriator. In the mean time another Col- lector has taken the field, in the person of Mr. Gregory, Colonial Treasurer, who, in these " collecting" times, is determined to shew his activity, and has accordingly written to Mr. Hone, demanding all arrears of Pew rents in his hands. The worthy master of the Court, Church-warden, &c.; &c.; has accord- ingly sent for his bank book, in which no doubt, the whole of the holy money is kept separate and apart from all the other large sums therein contained. Cash up is the order of the day at present. I We have been given to understand that the Honorable William Talbot, addressed the Chair at the Catholic Meeting, the other even- ing in a " sitting," posture, for which unce- remonious conduct, the Chairman reproved him in a most becoming and dignified manner. So unusual a course in any gentleman about to speak his sentiments, has given rise to va- -^--E-?--^I-MM» rious speculations, and his having declared that nothing under proof would satisfy him, the Assembly were induced to suppose that the honorable gentleman, found it much more convenient to remain securely seated, than run the risk of standing on his legs, even for one moment. It is said, with what truth we know not, that the honorable gentleman in- tends to offer himself for the Borough of " Inishowen," on his return to " ould" Ire- land. How happy it is for the small toll and Quit-rent Collector, that the 63rd Regiment are gone - no more lack of mess invitations, nor Head of Department scrutiny. The 21st Fusileers are not so fastidious. Happy day, Wednesday last, remarkable henceforward as the area of the small toll shop. He really did dine at the mess of the 21st, and sat next to his friend, the Muster Master. It has been remarked that owing to the late windy weather, he has become so inflated, that he has been compelled ever since, to walk in the middle of the street, so as to prevent any unforeseen ac- cident, for such will happen even to the best regulated corporation, not even the City of Dublin excepted. Mr. Mulgrave of green baize door ce- lebrity, arrived in Town, on Friday last, at Mr. Laughlin Reynolds's fashionable hotel, the " Shamrock," in Melville- street. We un- derstand the object of his visit to this Town, is in consequence of the intention of the Go- vernment to abolish the offices of Commis- sioner, Chairman, &c; &c.; held by Mr. Mul- grave, who is to retire upon a pension ade- quate to his undoubted deserts, the whole of the duties hitherto performed hy him, having been offered to be got through on the first Tuesday in every year, in one hour and forty minutes by Mr. Lyttleton ! ! ! We have much pleasure in making known, that in consequence of the production of the Gazette, at the Catholic Meeting, on Monday night last, measures have been taken, by which the land so handsomely given by the Government, to that numerous and respec- table body, and upon which the Roman Ca- tholic Chapel has been erected by the liberal contributions of all classes of Christians - will be secured to the Catholic body, by a grant from the Crown, to certain trustees on their behalf. Irish Introduction.- If an Irish gentleman wishes to become acquainted with a lady, the shortest method of avoiding the tedious ceremony of an introduction, is to write to her, requesting she would take for granted, that having made his bow, and she her curtsey, they might therefore pass an hour or two in "innocent recreation" of an even- ing, when the family were abroad. Short work this!!! and quite at variance with "Mal- thus's Essay on Population." The Legislative Council, in its wisdom, recommended an increase of salary to the Reverend Mr. Conolly, of £100 per annum, for his verv arduous duties as Catholic Minis- ter. His flock, however, seem to entertain very different notions of the matter, and have had the hardihood to come forward and avow them - of course, they cannot be the best judges of their spiritual affairs, the Council being of so contrary an opinion. Some one had the impertinence to ask Mister Muster Master Mason the other day, we understand, whether he was not related to "Monk Mason." "No," replied his Worship, with greater energy and determination than we have ever yet witnessed, "I am too great an admirer of the fair sex to be related to any old Monk or Friar in existence." ! ! ! Bravo ! Mister Muster Master Mason. We applaud such manly sentiments. " The Emperor Nicholas seems deter- mined to cut off the Poles," said a friend of ours the other day ; " there will be a revolution among the Barbers then,"replied Mister Stephen Tunbridge Augustus Frederick Fitz Hardinge, with the utmost simplicity. " Party contention is curried on at a high rate at Home," observed the same friend ; " the whigs are sure to be at the head," s>agely prophesied the Master Genius. 