^"j-u *A««rï«rx»a yxxmivti. V'» Il'cantar, che noll AVIMV, si sente."-Prrruncir. '"This must be spirit music, good my Lord!' TEMPEST . What traveller who lins ever visited " Genos la Superba" can forget the Strada Balbi, with its marble palaces, its bright frescos, and hanging orvnge groves ? Who can forget that clear blue sl{yf whose tints are reflected in the Mdditeranean, and whose heat is tempered by the " aria marina" .which there BO gratefully refreshes the southern atmosphere ? Bright and sunny 718 the picture is, still, like all others, it has its reverse ; and some of the narrow lanes, "which lie in the vicinity of this magnificent street, present, as if by way of eontrast, scenes of dirt, desolation, and wretchedness, unequalled in any even of the Italian cities. In one of these miserable byways, in 1810, the period at which our story com inences, Nicola Paganini, the violinist " par excellence," whose name has since been borne upon the wings of Fame throughout all Europe, and who has been deemed, in the judgment of the masictil world, unrival- led and supreme in the arcana of his art, dwelt in poverty, unnoticed aud unknown. He was the inhabitant of one of the poorest shops in the " vicolo," or narrow lane, and barely «obtained enough hy working as a musical instrument maker to support himself and his aged mother, who for many years had been his sole companion. For some time past their circumstances had been gra- dually declining, and the little patrimony bequeathed to Paganini by his father lind been dissipated and exhausted, so that the poor Genoose had been reduced from com- parative independence to obtain his daily bread by his daily labour. This had not always been the case. The little shop of Papanini had at one time exhibited an ap- pearance of comfort and even wealth ; he and his mother Brigitta had been decently elad ; and as theie weie not many trades- men in Genoa who followed the same oc- cupation, he had obtained a tolerable live- lihood. At that pei iod he might regularly "have been seen working cheerfully at the door of his little habitation, gaily humming some of the favourite airs of his native city, and repaying with interest the good humoured jokes of the Génoise damsels, -.who often raised their veils in passing to gaze upon his thin, ungainly figute, and wild, spiiit-like face. Rut all his bright prospects of independence had been clouded; and one unfortunate calamity seems to doom him to continued melancholy and to hope- less poverty-he had become the victim of monomania ; a devoted prey to one un- changeable idea, which haunted him night and day, and whose impulses he blindly followed, regardless of the privations he might suffer or give rise to. His poor mother, deeply afflicted at seeing him thus dissipate his substance, in vain entreated him not to reduce her to misery. Her sup- plications were disregarded, sometimes unheard, and her son continued to neglect his ordinary occupation ; so that by degrees all his savings, his stoik in trade, his fur- niture, and even his clothes, were swallowed up in the expenses inclined by the futile experiments which his monomania induced bim to make. It must, however, be con- fessed, that if there had been any chance of his attaining his object, Paganini had hit upon an excellent speculation. Having in his possession a violen of the celebrated Mantuan maker, Tartini, for which several amateurs had offered him extravagant prices, the idea of imitating the excellen- cies of that maker suddenly flashed across his mind. He calculated, fairly enough, that if he could produce a violin, copied from his model with mathematical exactness, formed of a similar description of wood, and coloured and varnished in a similar manner, his instrument would fully oqual the oiiginal in tone and value. In spite, however, of all his endeavours, he always discovered some trifling differences between the copy and the model-some indefinitely slight distinctions which rendered it necessary to commence the work over again. Thus the poor instrument-maker seemed destined to the endless task of enns'ructing new violins, and of making infinitely slight close ap- proximations to, without ever reaching, the perfection which he aimed at. At last, after many experiments, Paganini's original idea became somewhat modified ; he had completed a violen which, nevertheless, was so wholly inferior to it, that Paganni began to suspect that some element of a superior nature, some intellectual essence above his rench, existed in the composition of that chief d' ouvre of violen«. " Who knows," said he, íaising his tall, thin figure, and fixing his dark unearthly eyes upon a Ge- noese professor, who endeavoured to solve his proplem by some new application of the theory of sound,-" Who knows whether 1 should not seek out of the pale of this,gross material world, the solution of my doubts ? Words are the representatives of ideas, are they not ? Well then, when I speak of the soul of music which dwells within my violen, perhaps I may have unwittingly mentioned the obstacle which retards me ; /perhaps there may be a soul of music ? What think you, Signor Í" The Professor, with an inward conviction of the madness of poor Papanini, only answered by shaking his head in that oracular, Lord Burleigh style, which means every thing or nothing, and left the shop, while Paganini continued soliloquising. " Aye, the soul of music ! but how is that spirit to be invoked, and to what incantations will it prove submissive ¿, I have heard of one Mozart, a German, who has effected wondrous music with a zauber flote, (a magic flute,) why should there not he also a magic violin ? Let me consider now." His head sunk en his breast, and he only became the more deeply buried in his speculations. One day a customer, who brought him a fiddle-bow to have it repaited, forgot in his shop a book, which remained there unre- claimed for some time. Paganini, in his hours of leisure, which were rare, (for when his hands weie at work,) turned over the leaves. It was one of those respectable monuments of Florentine patience which the press of Messer, Gïulio "Aliberin produced in the seventeenth century, the prototype of the modern Encyclopaedias and Societies for the Diffusion of Knowledge. The author of the work, which thus fell into. Paganini's hands, modestly professed his intention to treat " de omnibus debus, and also of many other things," and certainly did his host to fulfil his profession by making his book, like Lord Brougham's head, a universal repertorium ! There a chapter upon the best form of government was to be found beside one upon the Eleven Thou- sand Virgins of Colonge ; and a receipt for making Cyprus wine was followed by a dissertation on the Council of Trent. As Paganini indolently turned over its leaves, the words, " Transmigration of Souls" suddenly met his eye. He staitcd up in ectasy, feeling that his hour was come, and that the great secret which he had so long sought, and sought for in vain, was on the point of being revealed to him. He de- voured the chapter, which contained merely an account of tho Indian doctrine of the Metempsychois ; and conceiving that a new light had burst in upon him, occupied him- self in making preparations of the great physiological experiment, which he hoped would soon crown his efforts. Three months after Paganini had perused the volume which had so deeply attracted his attention, and had become imbued with the idea of the eternal transmigration of souls, through animate and inanimate bodies, thus convincing himself of the possibility of animating an inanimate violin, the interior of the ' little shop which he inhabited pre sented a strange and unusual scene. It was one o'clock in the morning ; not a sound was to be heard in the devoted streets of Genoa ; and then, in a small apartment be- hind his shop, whose darkness was only ren- dered visible by one small lamp, lay Brigitta Paganini, the mother of our artist, in the pangs of her last hour, upon the very same black leather bed on which thirty years be- fore, her son Nicolo had been brought into the world. We would not however insinu- ate for a moment, that Paganini had mur- dered his mother for the sake of establishing his theory. No ; he had notas yet reached so high a degree of apathetic philosophy. The respectable old lady was only dying of a cancer, which she had rendered inveterate by copious doses of rosolia. There she lay, a prey to all the agonies which that torturing disease inflicts upon its victims, speechless, and only giving evidence of her exigence by deep and painful groans ; and beside the bed stood her son Nicolo, pale but deter- mined,- -unnerved by the pangs of which he was a witness,-not one tear glistening in his eyes-not one muscle of his face exhibi ing in his eyes-not one muscle of his face exhibiting an expression of sympathy. No : all his facuties, were absorbed in watching the expiring woman,- while he applied to her dying lips a long leathern tube connected with the violin lying upon the table. At fifty two minutes and some seconds past on the respiration of poor Brigitta sud- denly ceased ; her pulse stopped.-her eye became fixed :-and her son, almost shout- ing for joy, having received her last breath in the tube hermetically stopped the entrance in the tube, and forced the dying sigh down the leathren passage, into the body of the violin. This, it is hardly necessary to inform our readers, was the experiment, however, which Paganini had so long pondered. This was the impious attempt which, with the hartlessnesss of ambition, he made to im- prison the soul of his respectable mother in the bowels of a violin. Happily, however the superhuman experiment was frustrated. The Indian philosophers, who fanced the last sigh , the anima ultima, to be synoni- mous with the soul, had misled him through their false system of metaphysics. The hu- man soul has other modes of reaching the legions of eternal misery or bliss through the medium of human respiration ; and the result of the experiment was to imprison, not the soul but the ghost, the surviving hu- man breath of the estimable Brigitta, in the fiddle of her son. It must not, however, be imagined that such audacious tampering with the things of the invisible world were unattended with evil to the bold experimen- ter. At the moment when the great effort was accomplished, and the ghost was heard fluttering for freedom against the sides of the violin, Paganini, exhausted by the ef- forts which he had made, and the emotions which he had experienced, sunk lifeless upon the floor, and remained there until the sun was already high in the heavens. When he recovered, it was only by slow degrees that the transactions of the night weie presented to his mind. With a slow and trembling step he approached the bed upon which his mother lay. He closed her eyes, which seemed to regard him with a melancholy and reproachful glance; and then, throwing aside all thoughts of repent- ance, rushed in ecstacy to the table on which the violin lay, and gently touching the strings, ascertained, from the soothing sphitual sounds which issued from it, that his expe- riment had not been without effect. His violin had at length become a something more than human ! Gradually, and by awful degrees, did Paganini venture to make use of the magic power which he had thus acquired. The place in which the incantation had been per- formed grew hateful to him : he quitted Genoa, where he had become an object of suspicion and envy, and went to exhibit his magic violin upon the more extensive thea- tres of Rome and Naples. Every where his music produced the most astonishing effects ; every where he was heard with the deepest rapture, his performance striking even the most jealous of his rivals dumb with admi- ration. At Rome he had the honour of a private audience with the Pope at the Qui linal Palace, and had the incredibly religious audacity to pei foi m upon the spirit of his mother for the entertainment of Pius VII. and a select conclave of Cardinals. The Pontiff, after consulting Cardinal Gonsalvi, pronounced the music to be heavenly!-a judgment which the reader must needs re- gard as a striking proof of Papal fallability, as the spirit of Brigitta was not in heaven, and, at best, was subjsct to all the tortures of a musical purgatory,-now groaning in the de profundis of a bass, and now hurried aloft in the aerial wailings of B in altissimo. Her voice is particularly observable in his E flats. However Paganini departed from Rome covered with honours ; and at Naples his success was still more remarkable. The King assigned a suite of apartments in the Caserta Palace for his use. The Lazzaroni, awakened from their usaal " dolce far niente," pointed him out to each other in the streets, .' Ecco il gran sonatore ;'.' and, better than all, the Opera house was crowded to suffo- cation every night of his performance, and crowns and sonnets were showered upon his head. Little did the Roman Pontiff, or the amateurs of the San Carlo, think, while tin y listened to tlie unearthly tones of the en- chanted instrument, that it was spirit music sounded in their ears,-that it was the in- jured spirit of the imprisoned Brigitta plead- ing in plaintiff tones for her release. At length, thanks to the newspapers and M. Laporte, the fame of Paganini reached the good city of London, where higher re- wards than even those in the Arabian tale await the inventor of a new pleasure, anil where novelty calls down a golden shower mote surely than the conductor attracts the electric fluid. Money was all-powerful in the soul of the Italian, and to London he went ; passing, however, through Paris, where he had the good fortune of" assisting" at a grand review of the National Guard by Louis Philippe, one or two "enemus," and about a dozen concerts. At London Paga- nini at last arrived ; and there is unhallowed thirst for fame and gold was doomed to experience some fortaste of its punishment. It is true that his concerts were well at- tended ; his name was the topic of every tongue; enterprising booksellers puffed his pseudo-biographies ; grave physiologists wrote essays upon his physical organisation ; his face and figure disfigured every print shop ; and sentimental young ladies (lhere is no nation more romanesque than the English) laid their bewitching selves, and still more bewitching fortunes at his feet ! Even the harriers of the exclusives fell at his approach 1 He was feted at Lady Y-'s and the Duke of D-'s ; and, to crown the triumph of his soul, managers vied in offering him the hugest engagemets ! " Sed medio de fonte leporum Surgit amari aliquid, quod in ipsis floribus angat. *' Amidst the roses fierce repentance rears her snaky crest." While the triumph of the violinist was a' its highest, the cup of pleasure, for a time» was dashed from his guilty lips. At his last concert in the Haymarket, an old Genoese, the butler of the Sardinian Ambassador, happened lo be present. He had known " dans, les beaux jours de. sa jeunesse," under the bright sky of Italy, Brigitta Pa- ganini ; he had known and -passionately loved her ; and the recollections of his early attachment had never been obliterated from, his susceptible bosom. When the first sounds of Paganini's violin reached his ears, he started in amazement ; a thousand íecollec tions of youth, of home, of happiness, of the smiles and tears of former years, were excited by the plaintive tones of his early love issuing from the fiddle. Human nature could not support the shock, and old Pietro fainted. Some of his fellow domestics, it is true, accused him of having swallowed at dinner too large a portion of that pernicious potation, so pleasing to Londoners, called gin : but Pietro stoutly maintained the next morning (for on the fatal evening he had been carried to bed in the most affecting state), that his emotion had not been occa- sioned by any earthly spirit, but by the heavenly spirit of his long-lost Brigitta. He immediately proceeded to 22, Regent-street, demanded an interview with Paganini, ap- proached him with tottering steps, and in a hollow voice demanded, " Where is thy mother ?" This question overcame the shattered nerves of the conscience-stricken fiddler. He glared unutterable things. struck his forehead frantically,-rushed from the room, with his fiddle case under his arm ; locked the door upon the astonished Pietro,-ordered post- horses instantly, ' and quitted England never to return. Such, at least was his intention ; but the love of gold is stronger than the love of r.ne's mother or even the dread of her ghost. At any rate, all the Genoese think so, and some few Englishmen ; otherwise so many good lessons in childhood and one's copy- book would not be so so .n forgotten by the dealers in bank-notes and fiiddle-notes. News was brought to Paganini that Pietro, not many hours after his interview with him, had died of a locked jaw, and that his notion oí the maternal spirit had been looksd upon by the incredulous English as the fancy of a disordered brain. Paganini sighed ; looked at his strong box ; gave a few ducats to the church of St. Siri for th ? repose of his mother's soul ! (so inconsistent is super- stition ;) and set off again with that very soul in his fiddle-case for England. " With this sauce," says the Almanack des Gourmands, speaking we forget of what exquisite condiment, " a man might eat his father," " With this temptation," quoth Paganini, looking at a fresh draft on a banker, with a groan betwixt rapture and remorse, " aman may, and must, play the devil, with the ghost of his me:her.-New Monthly, for Oct. ADVICE TO THE YOUNO.-I would advise you to read with a pen in your hand, and enter in a little book short hints of what you find that is curious, or that may be useful.; for this will be the best method of impi ant- ing such particulars in your memory, where they will be ready, either for practice on some future occasion, if they are matters of utility, or at least to adorn and improve your conversation, if they are rather points of curiosity. And as many of the terms of science are such as you cannot have met with in your common reading, and may therefore be unacquainted with, I think it would be well for you to have a good dic- tionary at hand to consult immediately when you meet with a word you do not compre- hend the precise meaning of. This may at first scorn tioublesome and interrupting ; hut it is a trouble that will daily diminish, as yon will find leas and less occasion for ' your dictionary, ns you become more ac- quainted willi the reims ; and in the mean time you will read with more satisfaction because with moie understanding.-Ftanh lin's Familiar Leitet s. 