Ships ron London.— The Norval cleared yesterday at tho Custom House, as will bo seen on reference to our Shipping Report ; and having gone down to George Town, will, it is supposed, be the first vessel to sea. Sho carries passengers— Mr. and Mrs. Furlong, (of Kcnilworth, near Campbell Town,) Mr. Burnley and family, and others. The brig Man, Richards, will dropdown the river to-day. Although this vessel was laid on at so late a period of the shipping season, she carries hence nearly 400 bales wool, besides bark and wood ; and the excellent accommodation she has, will, no doubt, secure her passengers. The La- vinia, Cains, also leaves this week— presenting the last opportunity for passengers and freight from this port, until next wool season. X - — THEATRICALS,— Mr. Cameron, and the company of comedians under his management, intend visiting Laun- ceston in a few weeks. The large room in the British Hotel is already engaged; and will be immediately put in readiness for the intended campaign. The great ex- pense necessarily attendant on a journey from Hobart Town, and conveyance of the necassary baggage, con- taining dresses &c;, required by the company, will not be met without very general support from the community. \\\\- have received information, that Hurnjs, the bush- ranger, has hi'cu pardoned ; and stands a prisoner on his original sentence. He is, howaver, to besent to Sydney. Cmler all thu circumstance* of the case we do not see that the Government could have ended better. PoiitofLai'Nrkstov. — Some few years ago no vessel of any great burden came within 39 miles of the town of Launceston, und now ships of 300 tons tike in great part of their cargoes at the wharf.amJ complete them at no treat distance therefrom, in thu at ream; at most but afew hundred ards from the Town. Since the commencement of llie present year, the short spare of 4 months, 9 vessels have cleared for London — that is, including the Luviniu aud Mars now on tbe point of leaving, l'lit following is a list of their name1; and register tonnage : Leslie Ogilhy, Hogg, 193 tons ; Countesr Dnumore, Wilier, 230 tons; Surra, Veale. 362 tons ; I'i'ujin, Stephciison, 360 tons . Forth, James R©l-erlson, 3G!) tons ; Curler, Hunter, 372 tons ; Nnrual, Coltish, 294 tons ; Jl/i7rj, Uichards, 227 tons; Lahhiia, Cains, 201 ions. These, vessels will have taken away 3,200 bales of wool, besides bark, oil, and other articles of export. By the 77-i-tiV. from Sv,an Rivi r, we have ihe Perth Gazette, to March 1st, hut too lalj for extracts iu this number. KANGtnnn. — Some conception may be formed by our friends ' at home,' of the great number of these animals to he found in this colony, when we state that no less a number than 32,500 skins have been exported from this Port, to London alone, since January. A match of cricket was played on Friday last in the Barracks between eleven members of ihe Cornwall Club and eleven of the military, which concluded in favor of the civilians. The return match will be played to-day. Tn.mr *vn Siiii-pino. — A distressing accident hap pened on Saturday to Mr. Tarrent, a young jrentluman lately arrived in the colony liy ihe Persian, who, while out shooting, sn sliattere'i his left livid (--- the burstinir of )is pun, that iir. Scott was obliged to amputate it. — II. T. Cimrier. The above appears in tho Courhr of l;ist week. Doubt was had, at first view, whether ttiis was not one of the many instaiicesof excessively bid arrange ment for which the Courier is so famous. Hut spcond thoughts pointed out llie proiiriety of Mr. Tarrent's misfortune coming under thi1 head of Trade. Dr. Scoit was obliged to amputate Mr. Terrant's hand. This thoroughly explains the Incidtis ordo of the Courier. PRIVATE LETTERS from H'igoon state, that the King continues in the same state of seclusion and melancholy as that under which he has been labour- ing for the last two years — and the Queen's brother, Men-ta-gyen, is in fact the person wlio now governs the empire, — but great hopes are entertained that His Majesty will be roused and ' be himself again' owing to a singular circumstance which has lately occurred, — While a cart was lately going into the old city of Amrapoora on a dark night, the driver heard the footstpps of some animal following it; he struck at this animal once or twice, but could not succeed in preventing its entering the city with him, and in the morning this ' Fakenham Ghost' turned out to be a very young while Elephant, which had apparently lost its dam, or been deserted by her in consequence of his unnatural colour. The carter had mentioned to several persons in the night that some strange ani- mal had followed him into the city, but in the morn- ing when the animal was caught and proved to be a white Elephant, the carter could nowhere be found, and every enquiry to trace him subsequently has failed, probably from the man being fearful of the consequences of his declaration that he had struck this animal. All the Burmese however firmly believe that the Taagi/u Xiit, or the Codlndra, has assumed the disguise of a carter to bring this white Elephant to their beloved King!— Bxxxd Chronicle, Oct. 5. 