ANECDOTES AND REMARKS RELATIVE TO THE ABORIGINES AT KING GEORGE'S SOUND. (From an Original Manuscript by a Resident at King George's Sound.) [concluded.] On the 1st of April, Toolunggatwallé and Twattum, two of the proscribed party for theft sent in a mission offering to purchase their pardon with fish. I admitted them to a rather formal au- dience, lectured them (with what effect I say not) on their improper conduct, warned them of the risk of being shot on any repetition, extracted a promise with the greatest ease not to steal again, (its observance is quite another thing), and hav- ing made them present their fish, a double quanti- ty of which I desired them (but to no purpose) to bring next day, to the person who had suffered by the theft, I told them to go, and steal no more. That it is a punishment to be excluded from the Settlement, and undoubtedly so if the exiles are afraid of the other Natives, is thus shewn. The extent of it appears less when we know that many more fish had been caught that day than the natives could use, and perhaps the following occur- rence may have been anticipated, although I think not:—Before daylight next morning, an alarm was spread, and a gathering of forces (Nakina was hastily called out,) took place among the natives who frequented the Settlement. When I got up, at sunrise, there was a noisy contention at a grove on Mount Melville, where two parties were sometimes advancing, sometimes retreating, and threatening each other. Manyat, a native, who had lived sometime in the Settlement, came in with his nose abraded, and in a high state of ex- citement. Others, chiefly women and old men, brought in, as usual, some fire wood, and were distributing it among the settlers in order to get food in return, when Waiter came down at full speed, much agitated, and spreading evident dis- may and exciting to battle or revenge. He him- self urgently and earnestly demanded a gun, which of course he was not permitted to get. The other men seized their spears and throwing sticks, struck them against each other or the ground, and all, including old women and young children, burst into wild uproar and rapidly hastened to the scene of contention. Imagining a murderous strife was going forward, I caused a few of the military detachment to be sent, to awe, if possible, the combatants to desist, without personally interfer- ing. Waiter returned with the soldiers, who found a crowd of old men and wonen at a greater distance than was supposed, still noisy, but seem- ingly recovering from their alarm. By them stood Twattum pensively leaning on his spear, wounded in the shoulder. The rest of the young men were in pursuit of the intruding and now flying foes, or foe, and not appearing after some time the party of soldiers returned escorting Twattum and the bulk, if not the whole of the party of old women and children. The wound was only skin deep, the spear having glided off. Soon afterwards, those who had pursued the fugitives came in, and all displayed their noses more or less abraded, their cheeks torn, and their hair (this was only some of the women) plastered with blood. The assembly of women, children and old men, was greater than ever before witnessed in the Settlement. They appeared deprived of every idea of safety beyond the precincts of our houses. In the afternoon, re- covering a little courage, they ascended the brow of Mount Melville to spy around (as I had it from them) to see if the smoke of the enemy's camp ascended in the neighbourhood, so that they might either expect a repetition of the nocturnal attack, or lay themselves down to sleep in securi- ty. They procured some roots, and returned to pitch their tents, rather light their fires, within the boundaries of our dwellings, where they passed a noisy night, and broke up with a quarrel among themselves in the morning. The origin of all this consternation and danger was a native named Moollungul, or Waitawurt, who had come, on ac- count of the natural death of a friend, Yoong-it, to sacrifice to his manes or ghost, (dyannik, as they call it), by spearing the first that came to hand. Twattum proved to be the dovoted though slight sufferer who received his enemy's weapon, as he either was concealing himself or lurking for an opportunity to disable his opponent. The latter had no cause to be elated with his fortune, as he received two spears in his thighs, one from Ma- rinyan, one from Botup, besides being obliged to disencumber himself of his cloak, which Manyat was lucky enough to pick up, and pride or vanity to assume. It appeared, too, afterwards, that Moollungul lost one of his wives, (two were with him a short time before in the Settlement,) for one came in, in a few days, spreading the report that her husband was dead—that she had searched for him in vain. Perhaps she was too glad of his crippled state, to make her escape. She went un- der the protection of another man who said he was her father. He had no wife or family at the time. Moollungul belongs to the Mongalan or King George's Sound tribe, and his ground lies three or four miles on this side of Mount Barker or Pwakkenbak. He was not killed, but visited the Settlement in the end of June, proclaiming that it was he who wounded Twattum, and shewing the still open wounds he had received on that occasion. I shewed him no favour or countenance, but only marked my disapprobation, by telling him that black fellows who speared each other received no biscuit at King George. Towards the end of April, Gyallipert was punish- ed, by loss of skin (cloak) and expulsion, for hav- ing wantonly killed two private parrakeets, which he strenuously denied until confronted with the wing of one of them. And Waiter, who endea- voured to conceal his friends delinquency by lies, and to rescue him when seized, was ordered to leave my board and lodging—an order, however, that he was in no haste to obey; and in the evening he planned a scheme that, if successful, might have turned to his double advantage. Se- veral strange natives had arrived during the day, and a little after dark he came to me with a story that some of them would steal potatoes from the gardens unless prevented, and he had seen them there, but if I would give him a musket, he would keep watch and shoot them. This zealous proffer of nocturnal service I took at the time to be a contrivance to regain my favour and his domicil, and I dismissed the application, deferring till next day, the verification of the falsity of the alleged trespass. I was, however, partly, if not altoge- ther mistaken in Waiter's motive, which I soon learnt to be a cautionary measure of his own safety and the protection of his friends against the new comers, who, in addition to the funereal smearing of countenance, betrayed other, to us less dis- tinct, but to their own countrymen, more marked and decisive indications of their murderous intent in the ireful eye and frizzling beard. The suspect- ing and suspected, however, slept, with what anxious watching will be readily imagined, at the same fire, and so sharp must have been the lookout, that no opportunity could have ocourred of sacrific- ing to unrelenting superstition or immemorial custom. In the morning, I took Waiter to the garden to confirm or confound his evening's tale by the ab- sence or presence of footsteps on the surface, and, to his utter discomfiture, he could not discover the most distant trace in any quarter, and as little did he succeed in, although he shewed every inclination to, the passing off of his own tracts, in his second traverse, for those of the pretended depredators. During the day, the inconfiding parties seemed to lay aside their distrust, and in the afternoon, the one eagerly availed themselves of an oppor- tunity of giving unequivocal proof, that they enter- ed into the spirit of destruction that actuated the other, by uniting in spearing a defenceless, un- suspecting youth who arrived that day at the Settlement. He had been expelled for stealing, some time before, and I, having met him at some distance with others (Pandong and Naien), told him he must not go into the Settlement. He pro- ceeded, however, with his companions for some way, and towards evening, when I was returning by the farm road down the S. W. brow of Mount Clarence, accompanied by a young gentleman, we heard the shrill calls of a native interrupted by hurried respiration as in the act of running, in the hollow to our right. We saw two or three na- tives passing the bushes in different directions; one, from whom the cries apparently proceeded, was supposed to be making for the Settlement, but he soon stopt, and the cries (koo-ees) became sta- tionary and faultering. Nakina, Waiter, and Wow-er-nung (a native surgeon, who had come in with the infuriated party), informed by the calls of the boy of what was going forward, hast- ened, with cautious speed, to the spot whence they proceeded, where we soon joined them, and found the victim pierced, yet not transfixed, with spears in nine places, two in front, the rest be- hind, sitting on his knees and nates, writhing with pain and streaming with blood. Several barbless and some broken spears lay around and two still stuck in his back, one of which the Æsculapian artist was in the act of extracting. He deferred to me, but I would not further interfere than giving him a knife to enlarge the puncture, the more readily to admit the extraction of the barb; but this was not his plan—and he gently twisted the spear, first round one way, then the other, continuing till the barb, that is only fastened on the spear by a little sinew and resin, had its at- tachment sufficiently loosened to permit the pull- ing out of the shaft without it, which was thus left in the wound. The pain of the operation was born without a sound, although the general in- jury excited occasional and plaintive wailings. The spears being extracted, I was again applied to, for the next stage of the chirurgical process, which when I also declined, not being provided with any effective curative means, I was not a little surprised, not at the novel, but ancient, commodious, and quiet application of a stream of tepid fluid that was poured down the sufferer's dorsal and lumbar regions, and over the greater part of the wounds. On our return to the Settle- ment, the boy accompanied us emitting loud and dolorous cries, and was admitted into any of the houses, where the final application of warm ashes was made by himself to the punctures, sitting as close as possible with his back to the fire-place. Next and every succeeding day, he moved from house to house for food; had little fever—never anorexia. The punctured orifices, which were at first covered with a bloody crust, soon poured out a small quantity of a greenish sanies. Recovery was sufficiently advanced to allow of his leaving the Settlement the first week in May, in company with two or three of his own colour, who, accord- ing to information, completed the sufferings of the ill- fated being, by putting a final term to his ex- istence. His body was seen floating in a pond! This, to us, was the extreme of deceit and barba- rity, yet the natives spoke of it as an occurrence of no uncommon nature. What were the general motives, first or last, which led to these cruelties, and much less the individual reasons which in- duced the otherwise inimical parties to unite in the destruction of the feeble and helpless, and the very companion of that day, for Pandong embued his spear in his comrade's blood, still lie hidden in the obscurity of mutual ignorance of language be- tween us and them, in their habitual but here un- intelligible deceit. In the end of May, Nakina always indisposed to exertion, being actually indisposed in health, I took Manyat with me on an excursion to the in- terior. As an interpreter I did not require his services, for I did not meet with one native during the whole of my march of ten days, and to the distance of 65 miles from King George's Sound. On him devolved the office of fireman—not for extinguishing, but for carrying and lighting up. This he did with the barren spikes of the banksia serrata (or mungat), the seeded cones of the banksia grandis, or the bark of the mahogany eucalyptus. The first and last require no pre- paration, but the second is made to undergo torre- faction, by being placed in the fire till the outer surface be a little burnt, is then buried in a hole scraped in the earth with the pointed handle of the native knife (taap), or of the tomahawk (koit.) The excursion seemed to afford him con- siderable pleasure; it certainly supplied him with abundance of food, as he had, besides the same rations as the other persons of the party, whatever he could pick up of his own natural victualling. Of this sort, the animal kingdom chiefly supplied him with kangaroo rats (wö-ail), which our dogs either caught for him, or having chased into the hollow of a tree, he skewered them with his spear—bandicoots (quoint) (perameles nasutus and ecaudatus), the latter perhaps a new species —opossums and crows. The vegetable kingdom oc- casionally furnished light and highly relished morsels in two sorts of fungus totally different from our mushroom or the French truffle. They are species of boletus; the one growing out of trees, of a beautiful crimson colour above. Its native name is numar. The other grows out of the ground, of a greyish colour, and globular form: it is named mord. They are both eaten raw, are very juicy, and have a slight flavour of the chestnut. The tail-less bandicoot being new to me, I was proceeding to skin it, at which Manyat seemed non-content, and not having leisure to skin it, I only kept the cranium and claws, returning the body to him, without, however, dispelling the seriousness of his discontented visage. I soon understood that the reason of this was not that I had deprived him of parts very valuable in them- selves, but that the body shorn off them was no longer looked upon as in a fit state for cooking. This led to the information that the natives never eat such animals as bandicoots, kangaroo rats, and opossums, if by any means previously de- prived of their skin, unless when made by us into soup, or something else by our culinary process. Manyat's sole delight must not be supposed to have consisted, after all, in animal grarification. He received and duly appreciated the mental treat of travelling over unknown and far distant ground, seeing, touching, and even collecting and preserv- ing portions of trees which he had hitherto only known to exist in name. His vanity revelled in the idea, that he had penetrated farther from King George's Sound than Nakina, or any of his acquaintance, and he treasued up in his memory a detailed recol- lection of the various incidents and scenery, ar- ranged in the form of a Dairy, where each day was designated by some leading distinctive mark, in place of numerals, as the killing of a kangaroo (1st day), shoot white cockatoo (2d day), cow meeal; see a bullock (3d day), and such like. And after his return the rehearsal of the whole to his curious and eager countrymen, crowned his joy, and afforded no little amusement to the dingy groups which assembled round him. His name will be handed down as another Bruce to the rising generation. How the gentler sex will look upon such exploits, we little know,—but not long after his return, a party came to the Settlement and told him there was an opportunity of getting a wife, and he left with them as perfectly delighted as any more civilized bridegroom could well be at such a joyful prospect. He came again in three or four days with his wonted tranquillity of manner, and, I think, also of mind, although he had been something very like what we call jilted, the fair one, as he said, having preferred walking to waiting, was not to be found. He had taken his skin cloak and blanket with him, intending one as as a matrimonial present; but, disappoint- ed in that, there wanted not candidates for the suit, and he returned with blanket only. Nakina, and every native, besides Manyat, left the Settlement in June, yet he seemed well satis- fied in remaining alone. In the middle of July (end of Mokkar), he went with me, for a few days, to between 20 and 30 miles from the Settlement, and at our first night's bivouac, about 20 miles on the Swan River road and near Mount Barker, he was saluted, after dark, in a clear moonlight, by some of his countrymen, whom, although he perfectly recognised their voices, yet he would not trust to meet, without the protection, perhaps, only ceremony, of having his spears in hand. There was nothing but amity between them; and on their approach I was not a little surprised to see Marké, whom I have already spoke of as being killed. He was completely recovered, and acknowledged that he had had plenty to eat at King George's Sound when mendik—the strongest testimony of gratitude he could have shewn. And what was most uncommon, he did not now ask for anything. On inquiring of Manyat how the false report had circulated and stating that black fellows had "told a lie," he said—"lie—No." That Toolunggatwallè had seen a dead body in a pond, and supposed it to be Marké. Another native of the party, (there were four in all,) although roaming within 20 miles of the stranger's settlement for five years, said he never before saw a white man, and in proof of the veracity of this assertion, he displayed much curiosity in examining our dress,—the form and stature of our persons, and the flavour and gout of our viands. 