English Extracts. The metropolis was on Tuesday visited by another tremendous storm of wind and rain, and its effects on the river were very serious. It blew very fresh all the morning from the south-west, but about half-past twelve o'clock the atmosphere suddenly became darkened, and immediately afterwards the rain fell in torrents, accompanied with dreadful gusts of wind. The wind and rain swept along by such fury, that it was scarcely possible for the strongest man to keep his footing, and for a few minutes the leading thoroughfares of the City were completely deserted. on the river several tiers of shipping in the Upper and Lower Poola broke from their moorings ; numerous collisions took place, and extensive damage has been done, particularly among the colliers. Every thing floating on the Thames became perfectly unmanageable and the people on the decks and seats of the barges, lighters, and wherries, were compelled to through themselves on the bottoms of their vessels to save themselves from being blown into the river. The spray rose so high that it dashed over the ships at anchor, and in many cases washed every thing off the decks. The sails- of various ships which had not been furled, were either carried away or torn to ribands. The ensign on the top of Greenwich Hospital met with this fate ; it was torn piece- meal from the flag-staff, and when the storm abated, the only remains of it left were a few rags, and the Union Jack was made to supply its place by a few veterans after the storm had abated. About the same time two ballast lighters, heavily laden, went down off Dept- ford, and the ballast-men only saved themselves by jumping into their boats and cutting the penters. During the hurricane a large open barge, the property of Messrs. Todd, of Red Lion wharf, Thames-street, laden with a cargo of provisions, in barrels, was driven against New London-bridge, and her side stove in. She soon filled, and went down off Billingsgate. The cargo, which is valued at £1000, is lost. The watermen have suffered much by the loss of their boats ; not less than one Hundred having been blown over or broken in pieces while the storm was at its height, and the few wherries which had not time to seek shelter were tossed about the river at the mercy of the wind and waves. A skiff, containing three persons, one apparently a boy, who were lying crouched in the bottom, was lifted out of the water, turned over, and instantly disappeared. This incident occurred in Limehouse Reach, but it was impossible for any one, during such a storm, to put off to the assistance of the unfortunate creatures, and they all perished. A laden coal barge, belonging to Mr. Pugh, of Salisbury wharf, went down off Bankside, in consequence of the waves dashing over it. In the Strand the wind tore away the sign-board from the front of Webb's lottery office, next to Northumber- land-house, and on reaching the pavement it smashed in the shop- front of Mr.Sliicld's pro finish and jeweller, next door. Fortunately no person was hurt The State, 11th January. HURRICANE AT LIVERPOOL. December says-We have had for some weeks past a succession of gales which have scarcely ever abated. They have been slightly intermittent, but. never have ceased, except to return with redoubled fury. Several hundred vessels were in consequence wind-bound for a considerable time, very greatly to the distress of the poor sailors, who receive no pay except when on actual duty. About 10 o'clock a singular phenomenon was noticed. Two ridges of foam and spray were observed to be proceeding rapidly up the river, the one about the centre of the stream, and the other nearer the shore. With the suddenness of a tropical hurricane, the storm came on, carrying every thing before it. The waves literally had their crests torn off by the wind, somewhat in the manner so graphically described by Tom Cringle in his Log. The vessels in the river we can say as yet nothing of those outside- were all, without exception, driven from their moorings, and their fates were various. The Robert Isaac, which had put back and had not got into dock, dragged her anchors until she was within half her own length of the pier, and a crowd of at least a thousand or fifteen hundred spectators were looking on, expecting momentarily to see her dashed in pieces against the solid granite of which the docks are constructed. At this crisis she hoisted her fore staysail, but this increased her danger, and it was speedily hauled down. They then hoisted her fore trysail, and were enabled to wear the vessel round, so as, with the aid of her anchors, to prevent her from losing further ground. The brig Liverpool, from Limerick, was driven into the slip at the Prince's Dock, carrying away her figurehead and part of her bowsprit, and crushing to pieces a considerable number of boats which were sheltering there. The Vale of Clwyd steamer, which plies from this port to Rhyl, in North Wales, and belongs to Mr. John Richardson, the agent for the Post-office packets to Dublin, Miss driven from her anchorage against St. George's pier head, and was so severely injured by the concussion, that in a few minutes she went head , foremost as if diving. Fortunately the crew got upon the pier and were saved Ibid. TITHES IN IRELAND-In. Sheil has addressed the landlords and tenants of Tipperary, in a long letter, principally on the subject of tithes, and the small value of the relief which will be actually afforded by the Government measure for their commutation. He dwells with great force on the unfortunate position of the landlords ; who, he says, will become the tithe collectors of the clergy : " Every one of you will be responsible for tithes, either where your leases have expired, or where no lease prior to the act has been made. On every new lease you will be liable and if you make none you are equally chargeable. You are to pay the clergy, by levying their demands on the people. The ties are to be raised by you. You are to see to distrain to eject for tithes. While the tenants alone were affected by the old system, by the new both classes will be almost equally embarrassed. A collision between them will be inevitable. The landlords, pressed by the clergy, will turn to their tenants, and apply for reimbursement ; a struggle will ensue and the alienation between the gentry and the people, which has been one of the chief calamities of the country, will be materially augmented. It is, then, a most erroneous notion that the occupiers of the soil have received from the Government any sort of relief : they have been only handed over from one set of actors to their substitutes and the latter are condemned to the performance of the most obnoxious of offices, for the purposes of saving the Church the pain and odium of gathering its tributes; and Lord Althorp had the amiable simplicity to express a hope that the gently of Ireland would willingly undertake this honourable and advantageous task. A receiver is to be put on the estate of the de- faulter. Howl-by bill in Equity?- No such thing. The delay is not to be granted to the debtor of the Church, which is allowed in almost every other instance. The clergyman has but to file a petition, and a receiver is at once appointed. I cannot avoid passing here, and, in the earnest familiarity of common dialogue, inquiring of the Tipperary landlords, ' How do you relish this?' A receiver for fillies, and on petition ! Look to it in time. Do you imagine that the receiver is to get in the tithes only? He is to gather the rents and profits of your estates, and defray his percentage and his costs ! Are those costs nothing ?" I IMITATIONS OF MACPHERSON-On SIAN.-Wenable's Ossian It's werry fine to feed ! Rich is the taste of turtle. Vanity is west ! It likes to want of virtue. Wicw the glorious Moloch of the East ! It shed its lustre o'er the soul, dispels the vapour what makes wacuum venomous, and variegated the wasty vegetable sale of witches! Moloch shines victorious ; his wrist west, vermillion : wife is the wife of theatres I Yet how werry well ! Sound a voluntary wo] ley of women possess; the wind implements rescued The whisper of veracity still vibrates on the ear. Sweet is the volatile voice of the votaries Not a vestige shall perish. Peace ! Peace ! Peace to the souls of the winners 1 Their deeds are deep in drink. Let them voyage on the clouds. Let them hark! what wocal volume of a word is that What vigorous wision is that ere ? 'Tis Michael ! the wonder of what. he rides like a wampire. The volcano is his vehicle. Weemently he wows ? Rapid is the ghost of Michael ! He loves to get drunk at the Rainbow, and smiles through the tears of the sky ! He now descends. 'Tis done ! He comes to fill up the word with witches, and Wenables with volubility is cast in victory but werry voracious ! Wellington's Ossian War ! War ! War to the throat! 'Tis Arthur calls for war! His deeds are great in fight ! Again, behold him riding o'er the slain ! For civil war he calls ! He pants for power, sighs for dominion, bleeds to be restored to rule ! His trumpets sound : his party bray : his myrmidons cry " blood and anarchy!" On! On! Arthur, on! To arms ! To victory ! We'll stop by cutting, all rebellious throats. Through rough rebellion only can we rise ! March on ! 'Tis glory, interest, power call Arthur obeys. Prepare ! Rebellion is our game ! Gloucester's Ossian The night was dark. St. Paul's was snoring twelve ! Consumption seized the fire. The lamp with its hectic blush gave tokens of decay. Nox had thrown his black veil o'er the face of nature. All was silent as a brick! No sound disturbed the harmony of peace, but life itself was imitating death when Gloster's axle-boxes closed their lids ! Serene is the sleep of the brave ! Ecstatic the dozen of the souls of the, noble. He slept. Securely rapt in the embrace of Sam nus. Mab was in rapture contemplating mirth ! Troops of auxiliaries rose at her will. The mountain vermin commenced the attack. Painful the act of clandestine phlebotomy. Soft as the head was the skin of Gloster ! Keen was the nocturnal scourge. He awoke ! Har Passed with animated myriads. Without sword or shield he struggled with the enemy. Vain were the efforts of Gloucester ! He called aloud on the name of his colonel. Arm'd Cap- a-pie he rushed to the field. Gloucester roared like Baltic follows. He arose. The enemy laid in ambush. They were hotly pursued. The heroes looked after them sharp as a halfpenny knife ! The retreat was effectual. No trace could be found. The mangled, of sweet-scented savour, remained. The dead and the bleeding were left on the field. Tri Humphris were the heroes! The-trumpet of victory sounds ! Completely vanquished were the foe, and the victors retired to roost ! Eldon's Ossian,-Dark-dark was the face of Nature. The Heavens sobbed with long continued throes. The surcharged clouds bursting with sorrow, wept ! Ethereal tears in torrents flowed. Dim were the eyes of the Tories I The deed was done : be it registered in black oblivion ! A constitutional paralysis ensued. Dark were the prospects of England ! Rebellion's chord was struck. It vibrates still! The tocsin, hark! it sounds the rude alarm ! Fixed was the doom of the nation when Toryism fell. And will she rise again ? Again ? Again when prostrate-stuck irretrievably in the gulph of revolution ? Never ! Doomed is Albion-doomed, so help me God ! 