'.EXTRACTS. '* " A LisvoN roa YOUNG PEO IM I ABOUT IO in MAUHII n.-At Bow-stieetonThuis d i\ Riclwud Jones, a diows), besotted-look- ing vou"iginati,wasdi irgcdwithh nmg de ti uided GeoigeSt uiley -Thecompl.iinant, asheepish-'ookmg ltd, h wing in ide nji his nuud to t ike unto himself a wife,'entrusted the de tend mt with 5s (x1, for the pmpose of haung the bans of his intended marriage pub'ished in St. Dunstan's Chinch, i-i 1 lect-stieet, and fully expecting that his wishes ni th it îespett li id been complied with, he went last Sunday lo the church, auonipanied In the )oungwoininwhom he intended to ni ike his bude, .nul a numerous retinue of multi d filends, in order that tho deig\min might tie the indissoluble knot, when it was disimeied that his futhless fiiend had beda) ed the s in ed trust lie liad leposcd in him, having spfnt the 5s. Oil. in beer and tobicco, inste id of bins. The consequence was tint the \,aiding was of necessity postponed-The defendant, in .uiswei to the elm gi, admitted tint the inoiiev, vv is spent ni i pub'ic-housc, wheic the ( oinj)'un mt, he snd, p-ntook of the cheei, and hiving (bunk sucioss to his liiitiitnonnl speen! ition, foigot how the mone> liulbccn sptnt 13ofh the tomplain aiit and the >oun« woinin whom be intend- ed to ni ike his w ife, weie so sin , th i< fhc> told hun thal thov, tou'd no1 beal the notion of going to the ihuuh to gel the bins pio c! min d.-The patislt ilcik here (anio forwaul, ind hoped the nngisttate would punish the defendant is he desuvod, foi the bise pul he had acted m d sappoindng ,u\ innotent )oung toup'e, and jmttnig the c'eigjnnn and himself to unueiessary trou- ble It was positive') the most scandalous, (nek ho had e\ei heird of (lining all his iv) eucnie m such matter.. lie reilly pitied (he young couple, the} seemed so nil up.-Mi. Halls said he hid no puis dictiou in the case, and íeíerred the coni p' unant to the Court of Requests.-Sunday Tunis, Dei. 8. Mi I TING or Ni ws\ENDrns.-On Wcd nciihi} night a nuinetous meeting of the newsvendeis of the metiopohs. was held at the Lyceum Tavern, Stiand, foi the pur- pose of taking into cons dei ittoti the hard- ships to which thal respect iblc class of of ti adivinen aie subjected lu the law of hoe', as it stands, m at le ist is supposed to st nul, as regards them.-Mi. A\ ooler liai nig been cilled to the than, the leport of a comm ttee ippointed at a formel meeting was re id, together with other document!, iel iting to the object of the meeting. rl ho n Unie of the case will be better understood bv the fo'lowmg short statement, put foi waid b\ the nevwendiis themscScs - " In Sopteiubei, ltii,^ a pai lgraph ap pi ned in the Sain ist newspipei reflecting on ti e chai itter of an attorney of the name of Dins, who brought an action against the propneois of tint piper, and rearmed -fcJOO d images, with costs. In .lum, 1SJ3, the same indniduil brought another act on for the sime libel against a news\ender of the name of Wai ne, who had sold a copv, of the piper in the iisin' course of his tride. Hie p aintifi obtained a leidict of 110 dun ige», but the costs, wine li are added, amount! d to no less th ni iS3 ' The same p' until! brought anothci atfon ag mist another new s\ entrer named Goldwin for picciseh the sime thing-, which action was tiled at the last ass/es at Cro> don, when the pi nulli! recoveied asecond A ci diet,with to daimgcs-, ind tS3 costs ' Ile has su ce sen ed notices of trial on se\cral othei newsvendeis, and it is st it ed thal he has no fevvir than eight)-foin actions in prepaia tion |n-In the couise of Ihe pioceedmgs it w is stated that the pon.l had not .is ) et been fair!) brought to tri ii, oi decided upon b> a ]iir>, inasmuch as in the two cisCs of Wai ne and Gold« m, the \erdicl was t ikon b> consent. Mr. Onwh)n, of Catherine slieet, another uews^endei, was late') sen ed with notice of trial foi selling a pipei containing the smic libel. That gentleman expressed a determination to res-st the action, and the consequence is, as staled at the meeting, that Mr. Dicas countermanded Ins notice of trial.-Mr. Fellows,, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hall, a d seveial of Inn i espectable members of the trade, in pio posing and seconding the resolutions, com- mented \ci) forcibl) upon (lie injustice and hardship of making a meie vender of a new sp iper responsible for its contents. It appeals that the iinfoitunale man Wai ne is now in prison for the damages and costs, sufloung in health, and ruined in business. Resolut'ons were agreed to, c\pressm0 the opinion of Ihe meeting upon the pieaont construction of the libel law, and for laismg a fund by subscription, foi bunging fan iy lo trial the actions now pending, .ind for the liberation of the two newsv. enders now in confinement. Subsciipliont, wete im- mediately entded into, and several liberal sums weie contributed.-Sunda// lonies, Dec. 8. Somo light has been thiown upon the hoi i id circumstance of Ihe murdei of Mrs. Jeffs, in Montague-place, some) ears since. This hoi lid deed was attributed to some íelation of the murdered lady, and for winch a mau mined Jones was tucd at the Old Balle), and at quitted , but, foi anothei oflence, ho was lianspoitcd, and lately hanged foi a new crime ni Van Diemen's Lind. The ni_;ht befoie his execution he sent for the sheuft of the co'ony, who is now in England, and confess«' himself guilty of many cuines, and among others of the murdin of the unfortunate Mrs. Jeffs.-Sunday Times. 1 he unfoi lunate Gaspei Häuser, of w hose melancho') hie we ga\ e some account about six months ago, died on the I7th of December last, of a wound,made by Hie blow of a diggei, which he received on the same d iy from an unknown assassin. II'c lived at Anspadi, wheie he he'd a small situation in the Registiar ofhee, though his support was well piovided for hy Lord Stanhope. It is presumed that the assiss m is Ihe same poison who had a'icady made an attempt on his life, and who Jiad been the means of his dreaiy confinement for so many >ears. On Hauser's return at mid-diy to his office, he was accosted in the street by a person who promised linn important revelations, and appointed a meeting in the park. Instead of imput- ing tins incident to his ft ¡ends, he main- tained silence, and went after dinner to the place of assignation. The stranger was waiting foi bun. He took bun aside and gave linn the fatal b'ow. A member of the society of ruends,\vas on the grand jury at Exeter in January. His Hat was lonioved by an ofheer, and he made his affirmation as directed by (lie last acl. WAU On ICE, JANUARY IO.-Thud Reguuent of Pool.-Staíl-Assistant-Stu i,con David Dycc, B1. D., lo be Assistant Smgeon, vice Andiew Gib 0.1, whose appointment li.is not taken p'ace. Ibth Toot.-Smgeon J une-, Pateison, B1. U., fioin die leith 1 oot, to be Surgeon, vice Bimi u, who exchanges.-Ttmts. The i em mung foin officers on the st.ifl I appointed to "a pirttcu'ai seivice" in I Ire'and aie Completel} withdrawn, not one of thom h mug piosidod at a tourt rnaili ii undei thoCoeitiou ]ii\\\\.-Ltmoiik CID ona le. Ihe Liiuteniniy of Bla}0, vacated by the Bl irqms of S 1,0, has been con fe ned upon Domuuclv Browne, Esqj one of the nienibeis foi d10 count}.-Gula ay Adiei ttst). ' An lnte'hgont met Innic, of Canterbury > Ins neatly read} for the road a steam-car- nage, w th m engine on the lotatory prin- ciple, in whu h íespett it will be different from ciei} otliLi th it has }et appeared. MuhuniLs'1 ^Magazine. TompV-bar, the most abonunible nui- sante, with the c-xcoption of Smithfield muhet, th it now exists 111 the City of Lon- don, is, we understand, at length locóme down, and a noble gale of enhance ti oin (he west to be elected 111 its steid. Child's banking-house, one of the most ancient 111 the nicliopolis, is to be icbmlt upon a scale worthy of such a depositing of lnuneasuio able wealth.-Sunday Tmus. AM-IDOII 01 mc KING.-We cm .vouch for the ti nth of (he following - Some time after His BIi]est}'s accession to the tin one, he was w tlknig, attended by one or two members of his suite, lie met b} accident au oki gentlcinin, who was obliged to have the suppoit of a stick, 111 conséquente of a wound he had retened min) years before. His Blaje¿>ty, who lecogni/ed bim immediately, tiled out " Hollo comrade, doift )ou knosv nie?" 'I lie old gentlem in staled, and was em ban assed. " Win -, don't you re- member, when you was a lieutenant, the day )ou sent me, Pi uno William, to the mast-head for disobedience of ordeis. Heic he is before )ou , I was a midship 111111 then." The old gentleman attempted some excuse, when Ils BLijCaty cut lum short by exclaiming-" Don't you mind that. W e have not met since, but though I am a King now, I am not a bit altered, come and dine w iib nie at the Pa'icc to- day-no ceiemony." Ihe old gentle nun was punctual, met a kind andwaiin-heaited reception from His Bla|est\, who leiiued that he had not risen beyond the rank of lmutcnant. A situation was speedtl) pio curtd foi the \ et( ran.-Sunday Times. 1\\\L Ami de In Chuilt of Nantes has the follow in., -"Tie A sin a frigate took fiom Bel'e Isliiid tluce bundled tom lets, to be come) ed to Altneis. It îppeirs that 1 tonspir icy was fonned amongst them for seizing the ship and emung her into 1 isbon. They communicated this project to the pilot, hoping to induce lum to join in their Athene, but he immediately 111 ide the Captain acquainted with it, who in- stantly put foi ty of them mirons .'-Times. Extract of a pin ite letter of the 1st of Janiraiy, fioin I ans nine -"Notwith- standing the oflttnl statements to the con- trary, the Swiss Reg tinents m the seivice of Naples aie on the eve of being dis- banded The 3rd Regiment, which was supplied by the Valais, ha», it is said, a considérai) e aneai of pty due, and it also tomp1 uns thal 111 other îespctts the clause» of the capitulation hate not been fulfilled 'Ihe leio'ution which is preparing 111 the Catholic cantons, will probably occasion (he dismissal of (he Swiss regiments which aie m the sen ice of the Pope. His Nuncio in Swit/eiland complained seieial months ago that a great many Piotestant so'diers had been enrolled in those Regiments, to the gieat scandal of the faithful inhabitants of Romagiia."-Ga/tgiumi's Jtícssingci. BlAnuMOMYL SrArihiicb.-In Glas- gow, in IS2I, 1 out ot each 100 lnhibitants took <i wife, 111 1831, 1 out of each 103 did likewise, and in 1S33, 1 out of each SO tasted the lcihtics of wedded bliss. In the Now Town, Edinburgh, 1 out of each 131, and in the Old Town, 1 out of each 190 inhabitants, were married, littlemore thin one-half the number 111 Glasgow. Wo would humbly recommend that the fair Ethnburgensians do not permit this stale of things to continue, but should forthwith institute a Committee of inquiiy, before which all obstinate bachelois should be hauled o\ei the coals.-Scotsman. Deni, left by the Judges at the late Lew es Assi/es, for execution, for attempt- ing to drown his infant daughter at B'etch ington, has been repneicd. His sentento is commuted to 1 ransportahon for life. Sunday Times. A poor ill-clad little boy was placed at the pohce-bn on a charge of stealing a mat from a door 111 St. Andrew's-sqiiare. To the question, " how many times did } on steal the mat?" he replied " four times." He had sto'en it from one person and sold it to another, stolen it from the person to whom he sold it, and disposed of it to anothei, stolen it from the second purchaser, and sold it to a thud, and sto'en it again, and detected. Baillie Bluir oidered linn to be sent to his pironts. 'I his is doing 1 good deal of business with a very small stock.-Glasgow Joui nal. A number of notices of outlawry arc at this time affixed to the door of Clerkenwell sessions-house, (he greatei part of which arc at the suit of one fashionable tailor.-? Sunday Tones. DLATH or Tim REy. DR. INGLIS. The Re\\. Dr. Inglis, one of the ministers of this city expiicd at his house in George squaic. His demise was unexpected, as he had been indisposed only about two weeks, and had preached so lecently as a fortnight. The disease which carried bim off was fe\ei, accompinicd with severe stomach affection. Dr. Inglis was a natue of Perthshire, and aged 71 01 72. He was oidained in 17S0, when he succeeded his father m the par.sh of Tibbeunmi, whence in 1790, he washanslated to the old Gray fnars' chinch, Edinbuigh, wheie he be- came the colleague of Di. Erskine, and successor of Principal Robeitsou.-Cale- donian Mci airy. It is generally credited 111 the circles of the United Service Clubs that flic Secretary at War had solicited the concurrence of the General Commanding 111 Chief to his plan for the abolition of the offices of Adjutant and Quarlermastei Generals, respectivel) held by Su W. Gordon and Blajor-General Blacdonald. It is proposed, howeier, to retain an assistant in each of those depart- ments, to be under the control of the Sec îetary at War.-Sunday Times. IMITATIOXS or MACPHCKSON'S OSSIAN. -Wenable's Ossian.-It's worry hue to feed1 Rich is the taste of tui tie ' Wa nity is vvasd ' It likes to waunt of wir tue. Wiew the glmious Moloch of the East ' It shed its lustre o'ei the soul, dis- pels the wapoui what mikes wacuuni ve- nomous, and wai legates, the nasty wegofable wale of whittles ' Moloch shines wictori ous , his worn ii west, weimilhon wale is the wiie of the wilals ' Yet how weu> womal ' Sound a wulundry wolle> of wohiptousncss , the wiaud niip'eniênts îesoimd ' The wesper of woiacil) still wibi at es on the eir. Sweet is the wo'atile w oice of the w otaru s. Not a w estige sh ill pensh. Po ice ' Peace ' Peace to the sou's of the wmtneis ' Their deeds aie deep in dunk. Let tbein wo)agc on the clouds. Let them-Ii.uk, what wita' wo' unie of i woice is that ? What wigorous wisiou is that eic ? Tis Michael ' the wendei of wea!. He i ides like a wampire. The wokano is his w elude. Wieinent) he w ow s ? Wapul is the ghost of Mu bael ' Ile loves to get di mik at the Rainbow, and smiles tluough the liars of the sky ' He now descends. 'Tis done ' He comes to fill up the wold with wittles, and Wcnab'es with wolubihth is wast in wictory but weuy woricious ' Wellington's Ossian.- Wai ' Wai ' War to the tluoat ' 'lis Atthiu (alls foi war ' His deeds aie gieat in fight ' Again, behold Jinn nding o'ei the siam ' Foi CIMIWU he calls' Ile pints foi powei, sighs foi dominion, bleeds lo bo îesloredlo me1 His ti limpets sound his part) bra\ Ins ni) rnndons ciy " b'ood and anarchy '" On' On1 Ailhur on' To anus1 To victor) ' We'll stop, bv culling, ill re- bellious thioats. Through lough rebellion only can we rise' Maich on ' 'Tisgloiy, interest, power call ' Aithnr obe)s ' Pré- paie ' Rebellion is oin gnnc ' Gloucisla's Ossian.-The night was daik. St Pan's was snoring twelve ' Consumption sei/ed the fire. The lamp with its hectic blush gave tokens of decay. Nox had thrown Ins black -veil o'er the f.ice of -nature. All was silent «is a buck ' No sound distuibcd the hannon) of peace, but life itself was mutating di it h when Gloster's ogle-boxes closed their lids ' Seienc is the sleep of the hi ave ' Ecstatic the do/e of the souls of the nob'e. Ile slept. Securely wrapt in the (munee of Somnous. Mab was in raptme conteni p'ating mirth ' T loops of auxilíanos lose at hei will. The lnonotiur vermin com- menced the attack. Puiiful the act of clandestine phlebotoni). Soft as the head was the skin of G lester ' Keen was the nocturnal scourge. Heawoke' H irrassed v iib aninntcd ni)iiads. Without swoid oi shield he stmgglcd with the cncinv.' Vam weie the efloifs of Gloucester' He cilled aloud on the name of his colonel. Arin'd cap-a-pie he rushed to the field. Gloucester roucd like Baltic bil'ows. He arose. The enemy laid in ambush. Thev weie hotly puisued. The heroe« looked after them sharp as a half-penny knife ' The letieit was effectual. No trace could be found. T he mangled, of sweet-scented sivoiu, lemained. The dead and the bleeding w eie left on the field. Triumphant weie Ihe heiocs ' The trumpet of Mctorv, souncU ' Comp'etel) v anqiushed w eie the toe, and the victors retned to roost ' Eldon1 s Ossian.-Dark-dirk was the fice of Nattne. The Heavens sobbed with long-continued throes. The o'er chaiged clouds biusting with sorrow, wept1 Ethcical teais in touents flowed. Dim were the cv.es of the Tones' The deed was done be it i cgistered i n b'ack obliv ion ' A constitutional paral)sis ensued. Dark were the prospectsof Lngland' Rebellion's choid was strut k. It Tibiatcs still ! The tocsin, haik ' it sounds the rude alai in. Fixed was the doom of the nation when Toiyism fell. And will she rise again ? Again? Again '-when piostiate-stuck lrietnevably in the gulph of revolution -1 Never ' Doomed is Albion-doomed, so help nie God ' Mu. WiujrRFoitcL's WIM--The will of the late William Wilberforce, Esq., has just been piovcd in the Preiogative Coint of Cantcrbur), by the oaths of .limes Stephen, Abel Smith, and Robert Spoonci, Esqrs., three of the executors, John T horn ton, Esq., the other execuloi appointed under the will, not having thought proper to take upon himself the probate, but has renounced Ins right to act. The peisonal piopeity has boen sworn not to amount in value to £25,000, neaily the whole of which is directed tobe divided in equal proportions among ihe surviving children of the deceased.-Sunday Times, Dec. 1. The Pope has lecently abolished every pnv ilegc of nobility in the Roman Stales. -Sunday Times. The Marquis of Bute has-agreed to give to an) tenant who will make fuirows or undcrdrains on his Dumfries estate, hine to the amount of from sixty to eight) bolls foi each acre drained.-Sunday Times. SIR JOHN Hcitscnri,.-In the sitting of the Acadeni) of Science, Nov. l8, the gold medal, value Ojüf. bequeithccl by Lalande, was adjudged to Mr. (Sir John) Heischel, foi discoveries relative to double sfais.-Monttcui. We regret to announce the demise of the Right lion. Lady Maiy Lindsiy Craw ford, of Crawford and Kilbirnie. Her lad) ship died at the Prioiy, near Cupai, on Thuis day morning, Nov. 20. Ladv Mary was the last direct lepresentativc- of one of Ihe most ancient nob e families of Scotland. Sunday 7 unes. The King of the French, had requested Dr. Chalmeis to furnish lum with a p'an of the schools winch have proved so suc- cessful lu Scol'and, and also with his views as to the best methods of coiive)ing scup tural knowledge lo his people. There are 50,000 artisans eniplo)cd in, Scotland in the manufacture of shawls from the Cashmeio goit, the wool of which is obtained from I lance. Mr. Buchanan, the British Consul, at New York, has published a plan for a depot in Upper Canada to receive the who^o pau- per population of Great Britain. » It was estimated that upwards of 90,000 lons of British shipping were lost during the late storm. The dissenters were making measures for the introduction of a Bill into Parlia- ment for the celebration of marnages by dissenting inuusteis-for allowing ministers selected by the friends of the deceased to bury in clnuch yards, in places where there are no burial grounds belonging to the chapels- for relief from church rates*-of admission to national univeisities without subscribing to the articles. It was under- stood, that Government would be favoura- ble to most of these measures. 