EXTRACT FROM THE VOYAGE. AN UNPUBLISHED MORAL POEM, BY A TRAVELLER SHIPWRECKED AT NEW ZEALAND. New Zealanders, tho' Barbarians and Cannibals, less barbarous and cruel, and infinitely less guilty, than their CIVILIZED Christian Visitors. O God! what difference 'twixt man and man, Tho' each profess himself a Christian! Not greater that between a white man's face And one of Afric or New Zealand's race. "Oh, what a miracle to man is man!" What monster such as a false Christian? And yet how numerous such monsters are, And a good Christian — such alas, how rare! "A worm, a God!" such is each living soul Throughout the globe from north to southern pole. But amongst those who know this, and profess To live in love, and peace, and righteousness What can be half so wicked and so base; — What can the name of "Christian" so disgrace, As to see those who should uphold the fame Of British Christians, glory in the name, And in their works deny it? this indeed is shame! Ah, Europe's sons — sons of my native land, How little of base man you understand, Who, whilst you piously for Heathens pray, And your sincere benevolence display; Lamenting their gross ignorance and want Of social laws, religion, and the font Of Christian Baptism — how do you mistake The weal of savages, when for their sake, To meliorate their wild unciv'lized life — To teach them useful arts — to banish strife— To mend their morals and their manners too, And shew them what enlightened nations do; Explaining both by precept and example How they should live, and giving them a sample You wish them intercourse upon their coasts With Europeans, and with tars by hosts, That by these means they may at least acquire Some seeds of knowledge, and may more desire? For in two countries I have seen and know The simple natives' worst and direst foe — 'Mongst black men, whom we pity and despise And call them savages, (which I call lies!) The white, the Christian emigrant, is he Who is more savage, and who seems to be Just as a plague amongst them and a curse, Deceit imparting, and which is yet worse In place of blissful ignorance and ease Amongst them leaving drunkenness, disease; — Teaching them — what ? to game and play with dice, Ro [sic] rob, lie, cheat, and ev'ry brutal vice! Good folks at home will say "Can this be so? Alas, 'tis true, as I have said and know. 'Tis not of Indians, or of negro slaves, Or wild Americans who live in caves, Of whom I speak; but 'tis of each Island That called Australia, and this New Zealand. That I from observation do protest, The Aborogines are far the best Of the inhabitants. In New South Wales The Magdalene, to which from British gaols The worst of all the base and vile are sent, For penal discipline or banishment, This may appear not quite incredible To persons who are just and sensible; Although the simple Aborogines Of these vast Isles at the Antipodes Of old Britannia, are as much defamed As of her outcast sons she well may be ashamed. But amongst Zealand cannibals I trow, This to believe most Britons will be slow; For here the Natives, it is said and thought — Notorious man-eaters, can surely nought But 'vantage gain from intercourse with whites Who are not Convicts, and whose name invites Their kind attention, and from whom they learn How they both peace and profit too may earn. Yet kind enthusiasts, — mistaken friends To the New Zealanders, 'tis poor amends For kind and courteous treatment, which they yield With plenteous produce † from the grove and field, And great respect, as to a nobler race. To Britain's sons, who traffic at this place, That they should be with treachery seduced To go on board their ships, and then produced To their known foes, and sacrificed and killed,! Merely to aid in getting a ship filled; In which, reposing on the Captain's word Of Honor, which too late they find absurd. To credit Whites for, or for aught besides Unfeeling avarice, which solely guides Their conduct to them, even when most kind, Which only is hypocrisy combined With selfish policy, — to feign regard For whom they spurn trading on terms most hard They simple souls! consented to proceed At his request; and by his treachery bleed! 'Tis true that there are pious Missionaries Upon the land; but some are Visionaries, And if they be not very much belied ; Amongst the objects which they have most tried With best success, is that of taking care To be well paid for ev'ry psalm and prayer They teach the natives; yet there's one at least Who is, I know, a zealous, pow'rful Priest — A man of learning — eloquent, discreet, In whom all Christian virtues seem to meet, Who hath his talents and his time employed To such great purpose, that none can avoid To give him praise for usefulness and zeal, In that great object, which unless he feel No person should a minister be made, } Still less a Missionary for mere trade } This — this it is, that doth the cloth degrade. } No selfish hopes of agrandizement, he E'er felt in entering on his Ministry; With truly Apostolic zeal and love Worthy of Christian holiness above, Assisted by the fav'ring pow'r of Heav'n Both grace and knowledge have to him been given The holy, blessed Gospel to translate Into the Zealand Language, and create We may devoutly hope — with fervour pray An earnest of a future glorious day When saving knowledge of the Lord most high, Shall converts make to Christianity; And through the Saviour shall unto the Lord, Direct these Savages before abhorred. This worthy man (God grant there may be more) Is an exception, as was said before, To white men who reside upon or trade At Zealand's Isles, who chiefly of the grade Of Whalers are, and men who on the seas Obtain their livelihood, and such as these. † Pine and flax. ‡ Captain Stewart, of the brig Elizabeth, to the indelible disgrace of his religion and his country, practised this treachery on some scores of unsus pecting natives, actually permitting his confiding passengers and friends to be slaughtered by their enemies on board his vessel, and to be cooked in the ship's coppers. Nor here alas! will the exception rest, For 'mongst good Christians, he perhaps is best. Then with the base professors of that name, "How great the contrast !" we may well exclaim; What canbe greater? nothing here below; The one is friend of God and Man: their foe The other is; and of himself, most sad! The direst enemy and worse than mad; At which Friends grin, and Satan is right glad. As Princes are exalted amongst men — As the gold cross upon St. Paul's high dome O'er tops all other Steeples— and again, As the soul soars immortal o'er the tomb; So is the Philanthropic Christian raised, 'Bove other men, and worthy to be praised. As by their qualities the base are known In each of the three kingdoms of the world — As sand is held inferior to stone, And dross from metal is as worthless hurled; So is the reasoning instructed mind Which sins 'gainst knowledge, worst — guiltiest of its kind. Behold we then in each of these extremes The truth that's written in the noon — sun beams That "of created Beings far the best Is the real Christian," and as east to west Is the most opposite— remotest point; So to the good man, whom we might anoint As upon earth a holy saint of Heaven, Is the IMMORTAL, unto whom is given Free-will and knowledge to decide his fate And seal his doom in an eternal state; Yet who, alas! by vice and sin doth sell His hopes of Heaven, and give his soul to Hell!" Thus on this earth which midway lies between Th'eternal worlds, are ever to be seen The guests of each, confirming that we lie "Midway 'twixt nothing and the Deity." "Distinguished link in being's endless chain." Heirs of immortal happiness or pain. If by a wise and an alrighteous God, All human kind who shall this earth have trod, Are to be judged "according to the share Of knowledge given them"— may we not declare That the the wicked Christian will not spare; Whilst those who never heard the blessed name Of CHRIST the Saviour, nor abjured the same, Will through His blood, tho' ignorant for why, Receive remission of their doom to die; Which only as accursed for the sake Of our first parents, JESUS died to make For them, as part of their posterity, that all might live to all eternity With Him in Heaven, who wilful did not sin Against the Lord, and Holy Ghost within? Now that my meaning you may not mistake, Nor fancy that I reason guilt awav, Both for your own, dear William, and my sake, I will my sentiments more full display About my neighbours, and will strive to make My meaning clear, in what I have to say Respecting these sad cannibals, by lines I wrote at Wyrowe In my M.S. book, and here transcribe, as follow. Wonderful ! that two of the finest countries on the globe should be permitted to be inhabited, the one by convicts, the other by cannibals! Pine Forest, Wyerowe, October 18th, 1834. Of the Creator's dispensations good, Few can by mortals be less understood, Than wherefore countries the most blest and fair, Should be inhabited as yet they are By the abhorred, most guilty and most base Of the whole family of Adam's race. Australia's land, for soil and clime the first Of past'ral countries; peopled by the worst Of Britain's offspring, culprits whom she sent } Herself to purge, and for their punishment } To that remotest place of banishment. } New Zealand next, in climate still superior And in no one of Nature's gifts inferior; An Isle or Islands which may yield to none, That on this globe revolve around the sun A land that's favor'd with the choicest wealth That nations covet, and which is for health Ease and convenience, and enjoyment too, Surpassed by none, and equalled but by few; And of whose Natives' persons 'tis allowed, No sable people may so well be proud; For in them strength and symmetry we find, Joined to a rare intelligence of mind, And 'mongst their females, modesty and grace More charming far than a mere pretty face Of e'n a British Fair (oh sad!) if she Or lack good-nature or sweet modesty. But yet what sick'ning horror chills the blood To think they're Cannibals!! Dismay'd I stood Upon the desecrated ground where late Impelled by untamed passions, war and hate, They butchered scores — (inhuman!) cooked and ate Their reeking flesh — the flesh of fellow creatures, Regardless of their kindred or their features, To glut their stomachs, bloody hands and eyes, And drink the blood of captured enemies, Without respect to age, or youth, or sex! What name but Savage dare I then annex To barb'rous Zealanders? Great God I pray That if it please Thee I may live to say, And see and know, that Christians by their zeal Under Thy Providence have made them feel The loathsome guilt of killing, still worse feeding On human Victims, murdered and yet bleeding: — Have tamed their savage habit — banished strife; Them quiet reclaimed, and from a barb'rous race Converted Zealanders to civ'lized life And made them worthy Christians, thro' thy grace. But to complete the theme 1 have begun At least the subject farther to pursue I must not any difficulty shun But boldly strive to bring the matter through Detailing much of matters said and done By either party, to give each their due And sober will proceed in smooth heroic verse My thoughts upon this subject, as follow to rehearse. Yet by impartial Reason, what's the view That must be taken to give each his due? In place of Knowledge, Laws, Religion, Power To chuse the sweet, and to reject the sour Presented to his choice, tho' much disguised, Which Christians have, and are all well advised ; The Child of Nature's governed by the force Of innate passions, yet without remorse At deeds of cruelty; and (sad defect!) Wanting the voice of consience to direct. Opposed to him, the British Christian stands With mind enlightened, holding in his hands The word of God. To him is further given The dread of Hell; — the hope & power of Heaven; — The fullest, clearest knowledge of the plan — The only means, by which he may and can Through Christ the Saviour well himself approve To an alrighteous, glorious God above, — A God of Justice, though the God of Love. *Of "unenlightened man — of Natures child, "In quest of prey, a Savage roaming wild "Through woods and deserts," and whose life is spent In abject, want of clothes and nourishment; And tho' unconscious, suffering each hour The sorest ills, for want of that grand power From knowledge flowing, which, and which alone Distinguishes the Monarch on his throne, By millions honored, reverenced obey'd, From the dark Cannibal to be pourtrayed. Tho' not ferocious, not by Nature base (Altho' to strangers a fine tattooed face Conclusive stamps a savage, and per se Implies barbarian — shews ferocity;) The Zealander, alas ! it is confest, Is in his life and and habits, most unblest. " *Without thee what were unenlightened man? "A savage roaming through the woods and wilds, "In quest of prey." THOMSON. Born in a land of ignorance, and bred No God or man to love, nor aught to dread But death by Cannibals who frequent wage War on each other, with such cruel rage, That in their battles they appear to feel Th' accursed spirit of fanatic zeal; Self-preservation but by instinct taught; Their hearts with Nature's evil passions fraught; To scenes of blood from infancy inured; Against their enemies alone secured By strength or stratagem; to them unknown, Forgiveness — mercy, qualities ne'er shewn To them or by, who but in vengeance find That which can satisfy their darken'd mind, When once inflamed with some supposed offence Against all reason; forming a pretence, As good perhaps as nations which are far Above them offer, when resolved on war: Is it not rather wonder that they shew A modest sense of their inferior state, To Europeans, than that with one blow, Their strength and power they should vindicate? How great the contrast, and alas! the shame, That Europe's sons who boast the Christian's name, Sons of Britannia, than whom as a nation, No country's more advanced in civ'lization; — That of her children, those who cross the seas And visit lands at the antipodes, Should such exceptionable subjects be, As frequent are, those whom she sends to sea; That if by them, their countrymen at home Be judg'd, (and men by Romans judge of Rome!) A philanthropic nation, brave and wise, The Friend of Savages; must in their eyes More savage seem, tho' somewhat more refin'd, — Be view'd as foes by those to whom most kind. Disgraceful contrast, and example sad! Enlightened Christians! can they be so bad As to disgust an unenlightened race? Alas! too true, this is indeed the case Can civ'lized Christian, cultivated man, Enact the savage and barbarian? Can he who doth the Christian creed profess, To heathen brethren be merciless? Oh sad comparison indeed, but just, Like angels torturing us worms of dust; Such, such it is, for an enlightened man T'employ his power as a barbarian, On poor benighted cannibals, whom he Should teach the laws of Christianity ; Of love, benevolence, humanity! Now to sum up, and give to each their due, What says impartial Reason? What's her view? For the poor heathen all are taught to pray, Who are themselves enlightened by the ray Of light divine; to whom the gospel's truth Has been imparted from their earliest youth; Them we are taught to pity, not despise, — To do them good and with them sympathize; And from the attributes of Him above, Who is the God of Mercy and of Love; And from our own unworthiness of grace, We ought to trust, that this benighted race May with us come into His dwelling place. And since according to but what they had In life on earth, upon the judgment day All will be judged, and deemed or good or bad; Hear now what Conscience doth to sinners say. "Your guilt's proportioned to the sense of sin You had from knowledge, and from truth, within Your mind implanted by the Holy Ghost, For — who sins knowingly, he sins the most! Crimes which in heathens may well be forgiven, In Christians cannot be o'erlooked by Heaven; For 'tis the reasoning instructed mind Which sins 'gainst knowledge, that's guiltiest of its kind. Then what must such as with profound neglect Their talents waste; what doom must these ex- pect? And what, the sentence will be passed on those Who wilful dare the Holy Ghost oppose; — Who have not merely failed their sense to use, But against Reason, quite their souls abuse; — Who not content of means to make no use To their advantage, must for the abouse Of saving knowledge — talents misapplied, And Sins which Mercy's self dare not to hide, Yield strict account ; their sentence then receive From which (Time ended,) theie is no reprieve. Dreadful it is, to think upon the fate Which through ETERNITY, must them await, Who with the power of blessing, breath'd a curse (on fellow creatures, impotent and blind, Whom they conteemid, but were themselves far worse As they in guilty suffering will find. But from the trial by the one great test Of Guilt aud Innocence— of worst and best Of mortal men; descend we now to view, Mankind's opinion, passed upon the two. Which is superior: — he who little knows, Yet in his native, ignorance displays Kindness to friends, tho' cruelty to foes, And may be trusted ev'ry word he says; On the enlightened, cultivated white, Mature in reason, treacherous and base, Professing Christianity, but quite A foe and stranger to each Christian grace? Alas! in such comparison 'tis true, The Cannibal is better of the two! ED. — — i- va — - 