LAUNCESTON, February 20, 1834. By the Norval, of this port, we have Eng lish papers up to the 14th October. For this late intelligence, we are indebted to the atten tion of Mr. H. Reed, the owner of the Norval. The subject which first catches the eye is the death, of the King of Spain. This abortion of a Bourbon is, this time, quite dead. The littlesouldepartedthecorniptbodyinthe latter part of September. There was no return of the spirit, to balk honest men a second time. Needles were driven into the nails, and tapers held to the nostrils, to no purpose. The Most Catholic of Kings had gone the way of all flesh. His feet were ' cold as any sUrae,' as Dame Quickly said of a- better man, though ui arrant vagabond. The spirit ot bigotry must seek another incarnation, for Kings of Spain are liable to die. Heaven's Anointed was troubled with indigestion ; ate too copious a dinner ; and gave up the ghost. Such the end of Ferdinand the Seventh. What a level ler that democratic dame Nature is ! A War of Succession is promised the fight ing gentry of course. The Infant Don Carlos covets the crown which has devolved on the baby Isabella the Second ; and already the quicksilver of that state barometer, the Funds, is down, because it is pleasant to His Highness to hang about the frontiere. But France has acknowledged the infantile Queen as a valid little potentate ; and Great Britain will doubt less do likewise. So there is no chance for Carlos. He had better make his peace, and live comfortably. The following is from our latest London ournal : — A letter dated Madrid, Sept. 29. gives the following particulars of the demise of Ferdinand : —No one has wen ignorant of late of the Jact that the King was in his lut^rrmity. Histiffon.*. w«r abroiiA, «Wcu. II Is pretended, were the effect of his own will, have cer tainly hastened his end. They had complicated his suf ferings by adding a pulmonary affection, which partook of the nature of the infiuenia, now very prevalent in Madrid. Last night the state of the King became at one time such, that every moment was expected to be ihe last. At eight o'clock he took a cup of chocolate, which «i... -...manli AiA nnt retain. An hour afterwards he took some broth, which was rejected also. At eleven o'clock he appeared to be in a. dying state. He spent, however, a tolerable night, end was better this morning. At one o'clock he felt hungry, and ate without due moderation. This imprudence of his killed him. At half-past two o-dock he began to doze, and in order to let him rest, all the attendants of the servidumbre were dismissed. His physician even went out. Some minutes after the Queen who had remained alone at his bedside, observed thatthe expression of his feee was becoming of a ghastly kina, that foam was issuing from his mouth, and his eyes were I convulsively opened and closed. She screamed with a 1 her might, the attendants rushed in, and Castello was immediately called, but on thereturnofthe physician the Kintr hud already ceased to live. Be had expired in the inns of the Queen of a violent stroke of apoplexy, woueht about, no doubt, by theeffects of the indigestion Trom the copious dinner he had taken. M. Castello, liaving still the recollection of what occurred last year, Hattered himseU for a while that the King had fallen into a strong lethargy , and was not dead ; but after try ing every experiment to ascertain the fact, by driving a needle into Vis nails, putting a lighted taper under his nostrils, &c;, he became convinced that life had really fled. The Captain-General of Madrid, Freirt, the Com mander of the Royal Infantry Guard, Quesada, and other Generals, some of the Ministers of State, among horn was M. de Zea, some grandees and dignitaries wno were m uie runux, ui uuw uw uic »*^k * «».-—? ber. The Queen addressing them, in the midst of her grief, asked if ehe could rely on them! Qoesada and Freire begged her to be assured that 'their blood to its very last drop was her's.' The Infanta Maria Isabella Louisa, who succeeds to lie throne ot Spain, unaer me name oi isaDena '., - three yean old; she was bom on the 10th of October, 1830\. .The Queen llolber, JtUriaCbritfina, -? twenty reven ; her sister, the Infanta Louisa Charlotte, who is i woman of extraordinary accomplishments and power of mind, and is said to have great influence over her, is two years older. Ferdinand was forty-nine years *ld ; hi» irolher, Don Carlos, is forty-five ; and Don Francisco di Paulo, the third brother, and husband of the Princess Louisa Charlotte, to only thirty-four. Don CarloB has - son deed fifteen, besides other children. The French Government, according to a demi-official announcement in the Montlntr, and official declaraton! to its allies, has recognized the title or the Infant Queen, the daughter of Ferdinand, Isabella IL, to the crown of Jpain ; and this recognition, which is not of an ordinary und, the French Monarch is bound, from motivesof selt meservation, to maintain, as the throne of her Infant Majesty can only be overturned by the triumph of those principles, and the success of that party, which migj' Endanger his own. That Don Carlos himself formerly meant, or still intends, to disturb the arrangements ol his late brother, and to dispute Jhe succession of his niece there can be no doubt, from h'u pemevering refusal to take the oath of allegiance to the young -Queen, and nis lingering stay on the frontiere of Spain, after be had pro mised to retire into Italy, where his father died. Preju dice apart, the point would be easily disposed of. »y the ancient laws of Spain, by the Constitution of th° Spanish monarchy from time immemorial, fem«e'w,lT capable of inheriting the Crown as well as males, m the abience of the latter, among the children of the deceassa Sovereign. With the Bourbon dynasty thettlic Uw, established in Fiance for the exclimon of females troro the succession, ptned into Spain. That Jaw ewjin«« to exist from the tSmeof Phifip V., who introduced «, «? Charles IV., though, from the peculiar circumFUnfM'' .i = Tinual FumUy, it was never put into execution. The I ™W'. » 1789' VP^enrive that his son Fer ^^Sen. to. succeed him, called the Cortes, or a H of tie nobility, clergy, and representatives of towns ^Wurea their sanction to a repeal of the salic law. TheScVurrenceof the French Evolution, and the birth of other sons, made this solemn act of less consequence a w the lifetime of Charles IV., and it was never for SS?J«53l- Matters remained in this state till ^.iummerof 1830. when, during the pregnancy of the ^tQueenW-*. Ferdinand thought* right to se P^the succession to the future infant, though it might cure ¥™ . «.„ therefore in terms to his father's de i!S5 the abolition of the ..lie law. The d^ento recording the transactions ot i/w, ana lent JnSfSovd arcl^es ever since that period, werepub SSstBummer, when Ferdinand, by way of render nTihe deed more solemn, again summoned a body of SesTthe form of the Cortes, to ratify the act, and tTiwear aUegiance to hisdaughter. Thus are Carlosand Sf^adren excluded from the succession and thus is Se Throne of Bpainsecnred to thedaughterol Ferdinand ^urinations of impending civil war, ansmg from the efortsV Carlos, backed by the .priests and by all the nnnaiite party, to obtainHhe sovereign authority, uaturally «.?C« ATprobability of French interference. Specu lations of th& kind gather strength from a Royal ordi «.n« which appears in the Monireur of Monday, for Sw into actmfservice 35,000 new conscripts, or one ntlf^f the contingent of 70,000 men of tte class of 'M.'n.m.SEPT. 30.— The greatest tranquillity has con tinued to reign i» Madrid to-day, so much so, that the «ttaordinary measures taken to ensure its maintenance Dv^Ttacreise of patroles, anda display of troops out of tW barracks, have proved quite superfluous, 'lhe gar riZ whichU composed of the Royal Guard and the StniofthePriScW, b about S.000 strong. The Uufrwfiinw**11* the provincial grenadiers are entirely £«itedtothe Queen. The others, whose sentiments are doubtful or much divided, have not, up to the present moment, evinced any hostile intentions whatsoever. The Madrid Royalist Volunteers, who do not exceed 4,000, h»« notstfrred- Nevertheless, the leaders of the parties ^ moving iTthe dark. It is pretty well known tuatthe ttrHstoare deliberating with all possible secrecy. 1 here U a reason to believe that they have for some ume been „ active communication witt Don Carlos, through the medium of monks*nd beggars, who have been dnUedto iunuui»_ ? y= ^^^^^^j (i.,. T-nn Carlos. the service oi eouneio. ' «? ourr'-™ - — —--. ? .„? whomurt be at this moment cfcse to «he fontier, will vield to the solicitations of the chiefs of his party, am will enter Spain by Estremadura, between Cona and Placenta, fib safl that he has no fear of Rodil, the Cantata-General of Estremadura, but not so with regard toSanfield, tiieCommander-in-Chiefof the army of ob servation on the Portuguese frontier, or Amarilfas, the Captain-General of Gaficia j whom Don Carlos, with. good reason, does not look upon as his friends. The following is a letter from Madrid of the 1st in*. : — ' If credit can be given to the reports in circulation since yesterday, our Ministry is to tf totally dang*. and it is already asserted that tne uuice oi oan i«™au»» has been appointed by the Queen to the place of » Zea with an authoriiation to form a new Cabinet.— M. Punon Rostro arrived this morning, and was immediately received by the Queen. There is some talk of a project of a Constitution that has been exhumed from the papers of M. D'Ofalia,and which has been submitted to the Queen and approved. Mention is also made or a mani festo wluch the Carlist committee, established in our capital, has already drawn up in favour of Don Carlos, ...5 ™h.,-1. oik to the crown the King's brother, who, for some months back, has been awaiting in Portugal a favourable moment for raising the standard of revolt. We are inevitably on the eve of a political commotion, but Government will be triumphant. All the authorities both civil and military, are decided to support the incon testable rights of Isabella II. A new and approaching convocation of the Cortes is also spoken of. IMPORTANT NEWS, IIECEIVKD YESTEBDAV. A telegraphic dispatch has been received by the French Government, dated Bayoiine, the 9th. A Spanish King s Messenger had passed liawmne. He reported every thmgtobT 'tranquil at Maanl jjn the 6th. Nearer the frontier by Vittona the roads nad been occupied and the j!i: ? ._„ -«...._ nJi niuMn am) Alnvn wen* inBurf*ent. One of the ' Deputies Generaux' was at the head, lhe troops sent to Bilboa had proved insufficient, and had retreated to Tolosa. The monks at Bilboa were forti fying this convent. The cry of the insurrection was, 'Vive Don Carlos V.! Vive requisition 1 A letter from Bayonne of the fith Oct., states that the inhabitants of the neighbouring provinces were in general favourable to Don Carlos, the conducteur of the Spanish diligence, which arrived there that day, states that the Queen's authorities at Bilboa had been driven out of the town, and the brother-in-law of the deputy ot that province, who assisted at the recognition of Donna Isabella II., had been assassinated. The troops of the line being inconsiderable in number, the greatest disasters might, according to the opinion of the writer of the letter, be expected. Numbers of French officers had passed the Spanish frontier on their way to join jviarsnai Bounnont,who was supposed to be levying troops for Don Miguel, or rather Don Carlos. This last intimation which is mere opinion, is doubted by the French autho rities. The cry for the Inquisition in conjunction with Don Carlos proves the intolerant spirit of the faction by which he is supported, aad the nature of the antagonist principles which are likely to be in such 6erce collision.— Weekly Dispatch, Oct. 13. The obstinate bigots. The evil is their cramming their bigotry down the throats of better men. Could it be that an entire nation loved the temporal government of an idiotic tyrant, and to be held in spiritual thraldom by a bigoted and intolerant priesthood, who should give them a second thought. But when a nation is divided— one half saying we will think as we like and be well governed, and the other replying, but you shall think as we think, and love to be governed badly because we love tad government— the dread is great lest the wicked prevail. Especially in the matter of the creed spiritual. Let all lovers of honesty, however, take comfort. The in quiBition tnuBt go — gone it has ; but gone aux enfers— beyond alLredemption. The lubberly philosophy that preached up this engine (par cum paribus) of Church and State integrity, loses all efficacy as men learn their letters. Donna Maria appears, on the whole, to be doing well in Portugal. Some attempts, it would seem,- have been made to buy Miguel over; but as yet without success. The Spec tator of the 5th October contains the follow ine : — The fates seem propitious to Donna Maria ; whose prospects since our last week's bulletin of Portuguese news have assumed a very cheering appearance. Marshal Bourmont hazarded another attack upon Lis bon on the 14th instant, and met with another severe re pulse. His troops advanced under cover of the night, and attempted to carry the Fort of St. John ; but found Tereeira, Saldanha, and the other Constitutional chiefs, at their posts; and were driven back with considerable loss. It is said that Miguel has caused General Lemos, who commanded a division of his troops in this affair, to be tried by a court-martial, and shot. His soldiers march ed to the attack with great reluctance ; and their con duct was so devoid of spirit that the French officers ap pear to have been convinced that the Miguelite cause was hopeless. On this ground, according to the most probable accounts (for we have no certain intelligence on the point), they counselled a retreat into the interior, and an abandonment of all attempts upon Lisbon. This advice, Don Miguel rejected; and Bourmont, Clouet, Larochejacquelin, and the other French officers compos ing his Staff, immediately gave in their resignations. Clouet and some others applied to Admiral Parker for permission to go on board the African steamer, and em bark for England. This permission was granted, and the Admiral sent a barge to convey them on board ; but they subsequently altered their plans, and agreed to ac company Bourmont and Larochejacquelin into Spain, — with the intention, it is surmised, of being in readiness to join an insurrection that the Carlists may get up in the South of France. This is the last account we have re specting the movements and intentions of these officers ; but men in their precarious circumstances may change them any hour in the day. The important fact to be noted is, that they have deserted the cause of Don Mi guel as hopeless. Bourmont's post was given, in the first instance, to a Portuguese officer named Santo Lorenzo, but subseauentlv to a Colonel or General Macdonald vho seems now to be heard of for the first time. A cor respondent of the Times says that his real name is sup posed to be Hamilton ; that he is of an English family, though born in Spain, and brought up in the Spanish irmy in South America. Thus, the Miguelite cause does not derive much advantage from his reputation as a soldier. It was thought by some persons in Lisbon, that the priests would prevail upon the Miguelitestomake a last attack upon the capital on the 29th September, St. Michael's, or Miguel's day ; but this is a mere con ipptnre. and bv no means a probable one. Donna Maria arrived in the Tagus, accompanied by the Duchess of Braganza, about mid-day on the 22d of September, on board the Soho steamer. Pedro, accom panied by Admiral Napier, immediately went on board a vessel to meet them ; and the Lisbon official paper dutifully announces, 'that it is not possible to describe the reciprocal feeling of love and respect which this au gust family manifested on this occasion.' Don Pedro, t seems made himself quite a dandy, and had his whiskers trimmed, the first time for many months; which produced such an improvement in his personal appearance, that every body was quite delighted with him. The Soho anchored in the Tagus amidst salutes of ar tillery from the British, French, and Portuguese squa drons, and the forts on both sides of the river ; and the acclamations of vast crowds of people who lined the banks, The Tagus was covered with boats filled with devoted tnd curious 6umectf oi lue t^uuea, iub nuujur ui weu iberty— poor thing!' There was a grand dinner on -oard the Soho in the evening ; at which Don Pedro gave is a first toast, ' The Queen and the Charter.' The British Minister visited the Queen on board the steam joat. On the morning of the 23d, she landed ; and immediately proceeded to the patriarchal church, where ' Te Deum' was performed, aud the sacrament admin istered to her Majesty. Don Miguel spared a day from his almost consent employment of hunting, to view the entrance of Donna Maria into the Tagus, from the Palace of Adjuna, which, it sesms, is in possession of his troops. The sight could scarcely have afforded him much pleasure. Letters from Lisbon mention— but we hope the story is not founded in fact— that Lady William Kussell has made herself remarkable by showing favour on all occa sions to the supposed partisans of Don Miguel in Lisbon, and that she belongs to the Keresford and Aberdeen party in this country. A royal barge was offered her Ladyship to enable her to visit the Queen on board the Soho, but Bhe declined the offer. It is said that she will speedily return to England, and that Lord William will not long remain behind her. If the above account is not mere scandal, the sooner their departure takes plate, the Several attempt! were made by Pedro, previously to .i_- ? .«nAMA.i aHanV mi flip 14th. to mit an end to the war by negotiation ; but they were all rejected by Bour mont. Miguel was offered 'a bridge of gold, if he would quit Portugal and renounce his pretensions -. a ge neral amnesty was offered to his party, and all their and his property was to be held sacred. Colonel Hare, a British officer, as we mentioned last week, was the Pe droite agent in these negotiations. The Lord of the Isles steam-boat, after landing about thirty officers with ammunition and provision for Don Mi guel, was captured by a reoroite steamer, aim cunrcu into Lisbon as a prize. A Council of State has been appointed at Lisbon, with theDukeofPalmeUafor its President. The Marquis of Funchal is named as one of the members. The Emperors of Austria and Russia have met and parted. The seat of the Congress was Munchen-Gratz, a town of Bohemia. The King of Prussia did not attend ; and the very knowing among the politicians augur some thing of a coolness between the Prussian and the two Imperial Courts. The object of this ' Meeting of the Despots' is not at present thoroughly known. Generally, there is no doubt, that the conservation of the old order of things is the grand aim of the Emperors. Rumor states the maintenance of the Dutch cauBe, offensively and defensively, to be one of the details agreed upon ; and the assumption of some new titles by the Austrian Sovereign, — ' Emperor of Germany' and ' Protector of Italy.' To the former, of course, Prussia will not consent; but there is also something said of the King of Prussia and the Emperor of Austria taking the old title turn about. — ? i In France there are many rumors of plots, hut much quiet and security ; which is good as far as it goes. But will it go so fat as to last? The Ttmes says— The motions of the Carlists in the Southern and Western provinces continue to occupy attention, and to rive rise to extraordinary measures on the part of the Government, wherever there is any danger of anything serious beinr attempted by them. Letters from 1 onion Dfthe 83d say, that all the othcers ot me national Guards have received notice to be ready to act in case of a landing of the Duchess de Bern. The whole garrison of that place was in moUon, the posts were Soubled, and the officers enjoined not to quit the corps diZrde. At Marseilles, bands of Carliste had been formed on the S3d; when, as well as on the following day, the public peace was disturbed by their appearance. Yt wasP reported in Marseilles, that three of the Duchess de Bern's most active agents, and most faith ful friends, Messrs. Menara, Kergorlav, and Sala, had arrived in that city, for the purpose of concerting with Z leaders of the party on the mode of landing of he Duchess. The sUictest search was making by the Policeforthese three persons ; but at the last date of the i.«i™ I ni.™ «f their abode had not been discovered ; nor was iC STfactT ascertained that they had really come t°Accaorfulr-. letters fan Geneva aU the diligences gomg froCIwitzerland to Lyons and Grenoble had been Xrig the previous fortnight, filled with Carhst emi Krantfofl830; all of whom had suddenly taken it into their heads to return to France, and were directing their steps towards the nrovinces of the South. It is useless. The senior Bourbons will never reign in France — unless the boy Bour deaux should become heretic and offer him self for a President. Even then there is the stamp upon him — lie is a Bourbon ; and a man might almost hate one of the bigoted race without himself being a bigot. In England there seems little noise just now, during the recess of Parliament; which is say ing something for the immediate well-being of the country. Agitation is going on quietly but surely : taxes are being refused payment — the newly-invented mode of revolutionising ; and people are daily learning the exact duty which is owing mem Dy mose who me icuuucu i*. gu- ? vern them. The Whigs are unpopular of course ; as they must be ; since Wliiggisin is an ugly old fashioned thing, long thrown off by all sensible men who had resolution to use their senses. Nor does any thing new and dreadtui pre sent itself to us as having occurred in Ireland. Lord Anglesea has returned to England ; and the people seemed sorry to partwith him though looked upon as a prompt coercive character. Lord Wellesley was in the midst of the com pliments of the occasion, which too seldom mean anything. The LiF.urENANT-GovETtNon left Launceston on Monday last for Westbury. From Westbury he goes to Norfolk Plains, we learn ; and from Norfolk Plains to George's River, where the talk is of forming a military station — or something or other. His Ex- 1 cellency has been attended on his present excursion, by the Surveyor-General, the Chief Police Magis; trate, die Inspector of Roads, and the Civil Engi neer. This ominous cortege causes expectation big, and makes us wary in inferring the future from the past. Were nothing wanted— were people contented, or unreasonably discontented— the LieutenantGover nor might come and go, without any visible conse- ! quence from his apparition, and no blame be in curred. But as this is not tlie state of things, it is desirable that more be done than terrify the crows of the neighbourhood with complimentary cannonading. We shall see. The Sessions of the Supreme Court terminated on Monday last. The late frequency of them in Laun ceston, is a decided improvement in the posture of affairs, for which, among many other things, the Press has to be thanked by the people. We are glad to sea so many civil cases brought be fore the Court in Launceston— that is, instead of in Hobart Town. We imagine the lawyers, at least, have reason to be satisfied with their harvest— if the atisfection does not extend to their clients. Whon ustice does not cost more than it is worth in Eng and, we may look for improved law in Van Diemen s Land. Not before ; unless we-get reforming judges by some odd chance. Among the men of small ] practice, however, who contrive to obtain colonial udgejhips, it rarely happens that they are of the Destructive order ; at least after nomination. Look at that unfortunate justice of Bombay, who was sent to the right-about for being guilty of independence ; but who has tincc, it is gratifying to tninic, receive redress at the hands of the Whigs, by being raised to the Bench of the Calcutta Supreme Court. This is instanced, to point out that policy would often lead judges from the right road. But we find our selves running into considerations which it is desir able not to enter upon just here. Judge Moktaou would demand a few words at l-_j. ;r .o« l.arl more disposable space this our iKiiiua, m '- ..— — ? ? i * . week. Briefly let us recommend this -n}f«*ung young judge io get to harder study. He will be the better lawyer by it, and not of necessity be the less shrewd and equitable. The Lieutenant- Governor laid the first stone of the new bridge at Ross, last week. The Revenue and Expenditure for the last year are made public,— this being February. Our remon strances have evidently caused a little alacrity down yonder. These government publications have at all events this good. They are a yearly memorandum to the colony that it pays from eighty to a hundred thousand per annum into the colonial chest; and an acknowledgment from authority that there should !*, Value Received. In future days the receipt will lave to be signed by the people. Items are reserved for consideration at a future seriod ? as also the consequences ascribed to squeei im* the gross sum out of the hard-earned profits of the people-a squeezing which they undergo with the ^unaccommodating free-will. Why don't they renounce rum? They must become either tempe rate or poor first— are they temperate ? The ABMV-Tr-.r Office, Oct. 10._63d Foot-Ens. J Adamson to be Lieutenant, by purchase, «« Chung. UUi Light D^onT, tobe It Lieut. ^Anderson, who exchanges. The Lavinfa, John Cain, with merchandize for this nlace left the English Channel at the same tune as the 5,Oert£w \lti Kn from New South Wales, was off the Wight, on the 2d October. Oct. 6. I.onuon I'iiii:! uinni'.Ni.Oci. 12, 1833 W ooi.— Australian ; 1st.— 3- to 3s. 4Jd. ; 2ml.— 2s. to 2s. 9d. Tasmanian ; 1st.— s. 4d. to 3s. ; 2nd.— Is. 6d. to 2s. 2d. ; 3rd.— Is. 2d. t, Is. 5d. Wheat— 65s. to 70s. per qr. Seal skins— 20 to 25s. each. Bark— £10 to £11 11s. per ton. Walbone— £95 do. Oils.— Sperm £65 to £66 per impede tun ; Elephant £21 to £24 do. The Norml has been only -ut from this Port 10 months — and is now safely moord again with a cargo of merchandize, from London. Wienit is known that in addition to discharging and rccdving her cargo in Lon don, she underwent a thorough repair — being entirely new coppered— this voyage is, w- think, unprecedented for dispatch. Mr. Franks is gazetted Town Surveyor. As a very active and efficient officer, we are f(ad to see Mr. t ranks holding this new appointment. The four bushrangers have been reprieved until Mon day next. The conduct of these men since their confine ment to gaol, and especially since their conviction, we understand, has been exemplary. The Norval brings out a fine entire horse, in good con dition, to Mr. Hardwicke. Vie is spoken highly of, as likely to prove a great acquisition to our breeders of horses. We understand good j»dges consider him the best horse ever imported to this Colony. 