3oine0 tfCr *ntelhitillre. (nY OUR RtEPt)RT1tRS.1 SUPREME COURT CRIMINAL SIDE. SATURDAY, Ilth INsT.-H-ef,"re Judge BURTON and a Jury of.seven Military Officers, chosen by the prisoners at the bar resp.ctively, in prtference to twelve inhabi ants. Micha li Malonry & John Thorpe were indicted for assaulting and stealing from Mary Miss, wife of Isaac Moes, money and other articles.-Guilty sentenced t.. ar ironed anggK twelve months. Step ,en Little, indicted for larceny.-- .,taiti 'ted. Chrisoapher Hl fnan. a native of the tape of Groid lHope, was next indicted for larceny. A cquittcd. Dennis (all gqer was indicted for stealing from the person.- Guilt y-twy lve inonutis to an ironied ga ng. M*aNDtY, JAN 13.-The CuIEtF JUSTICE passed sentence on the following prisoners : Patrick Gallagher, rape, death. John Mortimer, assault and robbery on Edward Fagan, seven years' transportation. Edward Walsh, forgery, transportation for life. Michael Quigley, rape, tranpurta ion .Ibr ifer.-(The. Chief Justice ob served, that this mitigated sentence was pro.. nounced, brcno-e, that the woman -iolated was of loose character, and lived in concubinage ; and therefore, such violition could not be considered so great an offence, as violating a virgin, or a married woman of good charact, r.) Robert 'Fos, r. stealing from the dwellingo-hnose of John Hamilton, above .£5, trinsp rtation for Isfe. George 1 anlter (an emigrant) larceny, sevenu yrsa to Vuan D) emn's Land. Bt'sHRarRNon R.-WVe have been favoured with the perusal of a communication from the interior, detailing the progress and capture of tire bush rangers from Parramatta. It appears our infor mant was in error, when he stated to us, that the whole of the Bathurst runaways had been cap tured. He appears to have confounded Ihenm witi the men in question. The police, in every district, are, .however, on the alert, and their speedy subjugation is certain. The non-com missioned officer at Wolongone no sooner heard of the oecurrence and of the supposed intention of the marauders from Bsthurst to make for the ,o ast, and seize upon some of the small craft at the Five Islands, in order to escape from the Country. than Ire started will only one trooper into the blsh on the 4th instant. On reaching the new line of Mountain road to App:n. he found, th it three bushr'mcers had been seen in the diret tion of a place called " the Pass," itnd accordilglv made f r that place. where lie rest. d on Sun day the 5thll. He ascertained, on the follow ing day, that they had tfoled the river, anti pro Seedett in the direction of Dotiglaiss' Hill. On tracing them on the folliwing day, he arta'n ascer tained that Jive the three having been joined by two otlers) had clnssed at the P?,ss towards Mr. Howe's-and he again discovered, from Nis in quiries, that they had passed the Campbell T'own, road :-E-uncamping on the 7th in a scrun on a bye pnth, leading from the Mountain road to Brook's 'Point, he found that the hush "angers were rapidly mliking fr the district if \Volloigong. I-e atnd hIis conradle made a grand push, and overtook and captured thie nmeu with out resistance. about six miles from Appin. They have been identified as runatsays from No. 2 road party It I'arrimatta Captain Williams, witih a party from Sydney, anid a l the spare dragoons in the interior, have been ordered to intercept the liiiliurst men. Messrs. lRichards and Ireland's new conveyance front Svd:eyv to Hlong Bong, started on I'uesday last fromi tire T1tlbot Inun, George Street. It is built on the prinlciple of tile culrlcle, is drawn by three horses, andl carries six passengers. Tilhe Sittings of the Court of Requests for the District of Catipibell Town, conumtnced on Monday last, with upwards of 70 cases on the list for adjudi cation. Numlbcers of shopkeepers may be seen fol lowitng their creditors up the country at every sit tings of the Court, to the great inconveniemnce of bushiess. We are happy to hear, however, that the Cotmmnissioner makes at rule, of allowing plain tiltl their travelling expenses. Defendants should bear this in mind. Many iudividlals have lately addressed us on the workings of the Jury Systein. Persons of inte grity in all ranks of life "are agreed, that it is the greatest inconvtenience that could have beemn in llicted ontt any risilng conmnunity. It proves to the hoinest and rteputable inhabitants a serious loss of uionev, in tile shape of the indirect tax that is extsrtedl from them to defray this branch, out of ianny branches of our monstrous legal establish ments.-Sydiity Herald, 13th Jan. (" Of no Sect am I' .") The following addition, intended for the Notice respecting the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts, having arrived too late for insertion with the adver- tisement, we insert it here. In conformity with the 27th Law, the Chair will be taken at the abovel-named Apartments of the Institution, on Friday, January 31, be- tween the hours of 5 and 9 o'clock P. M., for the sake of determining, by ballot, the officers for the ensuing year. GEORGE THOMAS GRAHAM, Secretary. GOVERNMENT GAZeBTT'.--SutIe of the ?sa gist rates in Sytldney, comlpluin of the parsimnontty, or other catusl, which htti inducled thie Guover ment to withtlrawt fioin th iemi thie gift of an OFFICIAL GAZ&TTh.; We even knoiw a Mieai her oIf the Council, in Sydney, who hias not receivetl a number sinice the beginning of tihe vetar. GCenitltnen in the Ctommtissiotn of tihe Pecee hold a mere hotniorary,-andil not utlfre quently, a ttroublhesome post, tid thliey are eli titled to thie us,,, (free of expense), of nil olficial orders that may relate to the duties the.y are required to perform. Duritg thie last anontli, manty people have ..oiiplhaiined ot spasaes in the Iowel ; and istiher syip)tOitts tliat are said to attend slight ataciks of cholera. By acI inquest held lately itt George Street, the Inedical attendlant said, thiatthei deceasedl died from apasnmotic choletra \--eecelerated by his fr'equmett intoxictiuon. r (Qiere ED.) Mr. Simmons, of " Paddinqton House," Under. wood's Buildings, ordered 100 Placards to be auntk utl, announcing hisi intention of opening shop on Wednesday. Some jealous competitor seems to have taken the puains of purposely mutilttlng themni Sfor, within an hour after thley were posted utip, tlhe Sgreater part were torn down ; while others were iot touched. This sla one of the little tricks of e traite. e l?,?lYAa l'rr or THi Aus5TRALIA.-TIII Jrournal does tot profess, or if It does, it selhloi .1 or ever perf.rms its duty to the public, by publisl ing trials In the Courts, except such as its oon .luetors are professionally engsged eilthr deft'end or |prosecue?. TLhese allwa ay-6 s 'pa Ienrt/. ; a tact of which the lest of tl? e roren1t. have just cause to complain, as ptarti.at and sa -+ This feeling is very proineunt in last alh . to the Australiin. tei . RIING (,n SHaAFTS.-Nmwhi l staindlint 'ig repea'ed notit'es and warnilgs to the cul, a dtrav, with the driver on the shafts, wa, hle resivene:sa of th- Io ire, dri .s ai. ,6 shllop in Wiliiuli'i Place I ist week, wivth : violence as to stave in the window. Two constables, apparently, seized a Itsl.i ill CaiinlriIgr:-Street on Tulebdar nigh, aundit him., tllt eIelnll dru.k, he mues gto t rlewLb, , house. The polr fellow re nstiat rt dI inri Aftergoing soie distasne, tlite(on.'nal5 ablet r him, stripped him, and then run vff. Oneý then is in custody. UlotE COCKNEY1teM IN THE YDNEY iEALD -In an article on politic .I economty, the S.,; ney If -raid eravely computes the Cuosuailpiot-+ of beef in New South W'ales, at 10w:l. soul weekly, children as well as adults 1 pt Some fencers last week at George's River ;' in walking near the river, cliscovered al.o: in thei river, dled, ad ton exniiniug it founs sadlidle oni his batek. The horse hlas been idel tifieid by a Setler, but not the saddle. The lodgers in one of the debtors' wardtiI the Sydney jil hIve been greatly amused, Iat at the sauIe time astouuidet, ait the pireseliceri sonIecerest tir, , supposed to ne a sniake hyslit a native cat by others, and a ghost by at f which played its pranks for three auceet?s •nights, soon after the parti.s had put outthei lights slid te ired to bed. The first nighl was held to be no more than a rat ot gre stretgtllh and size, andti of a temper peculiarly f. celions, inniaSuch as from the souniid, (for the nmomnent the gleam of a candle appruoacheditl window, it retired with the stillne., of a ghoiu they learnt it was draggaing their boots shoult and pushiting aside a tul, fhilch, being phid upside t own, one side restiing ion the luo and the other on a thin bit of bstick, and had been set as a trap to catch it. The secrnd nigh', the creature or spirit was equally frolic soleI. On tile third, a large black leathq trunk was placed inn the mitidle of the floor with the litd i lf open, and resting on a Iitul tiin. to which tin a string was attached, the further end of which oine of tile debtors hlid, ` in order to pull away the tin, let down thelid and eni-frunk the liuhst, shnuld it venture' iti to tempt it to do which, the bouts, of whichi = seemed to tie particularly fund, were placed in the inside of thie trunk, as a bait. Someoil. the debtors then went to bed, while others ran to the window to hear the sport. The light had nIlt beenl ot twIo minutes, before bang went the trunllllk, heels over head, to thle nIlo a.; small terror of the ut"happy detbtors whole: excbss of couruage had induced then to rentals in the room, and wlno lioto roared outt for mler,y inn rushed thie outside debtors to the relief oh their disconlslate comrades, , hen 1l l thy were foundtl uilurt, nut gasping; the truk in tihe niiean inme lay sprawling, while te he ghst, At,. usunil, had disppeared. ' tile fright gave way,? to laughter and curiosir) ; tihe trap was agati ,et ; the string was put again it hand;furr dlebtlors remained in the rouom " to keep tliltr :: courage up," and thie others planted theie.! selves at. the window to look in. Thle ligltst were again put out, and the whole phalanx ofi.; listeners remained silent in awf ul suspense it ? about five minutes, away went the trunk a' f tefue 1 They were now perfectly petrified,': bhut fear giving way once more to curiosity, tihe trap was set a third time, and the lights oncei ' maore put out, when the trunk was upset with a great noise (.being in the dead of the nitght,) ' for the third time. All tihe debtors save one, believed, that some animal was tihe cause, 'i ' one suapected a brother debtor to have all along plyet them a h ti ick. Thie next morning, every thing was removred out of tile room. but nothiig was toiund.ld A hole, throulgh whichh a tnousg or small rat could pass, was allone distcrvered. It must m have been" a large snak,,, to throw the trunk over with"' i:ich violthnce, if the creature were a sn,.ke,i whick its silent sulldern mottiotins rentier tihe it ost probable. It has not sint e tnade ilia" appeI aneili I' is sulppsed to Ih e wounded , i self tia st the lock of thlie trunk. "rlie edifice of Mr. Barker on 'Woollloomoollo, : begins to assunme it commalnl ing aspllect. 'I be art. zans brouelit to the Colony by Doctor Lang, are -e princip'ally engaged on the work, and froni its di. iltnsioaiis, anitd style of a, chitet ttre, there is no" residence in "Official Town"' that will vie with it. Mr. Clegg of the Liverpool Road, drowned himself in a water-hole last week. His affairs hav- ing become deranged, the circumstance preyed as much upon his mind, as to produce temporary in- sanity. Clegg was a kind hearted honest man, and we regret his untimely end. l'lHATtE. --Monuday Evening.-" George /1arnicll" was igaiin perfirised this evniiti." I wesia i lctilted i itlinitiveumenti tipnii tine previlutti .erforn'snii .'. KIlolaus, as Blin is ell, acq .ilted 'i.,self ixctllentily. l'irs. Dawes, as l'Iillonld, lid ino it iossss half the animatiolil sile sheiwed 'ii thie first ilight 5,f the performalici. Ili~teid ,if imiiproviig in corr're un s iy practice, sli wvas, eviih'nily, Imore at faiult it her part, =lia sin iny previouls ighil,. ll rl. .Joies aclted .ucy . Ii r oUninaturiil afftectation is too glrnrn, aiid 'injtires every chlaract'r ?he t .kes. 1I Levcy gets ,Ip pieces without allowintg prolier rehearsals,: the fault is chiefly his. ''aInt of stllts, wienll praper tine is given, ought to lie visited biy ai fielP. ?Yluilg Qitiin ilmUproves every nighti.i i)yl.ill i lit adirabli' Chlwis. Mllasker Jolse. recileil tile spelech of Mrk Athlloliy over like body of Cae~sr; thie little fellow slieused mcninhh sllpiit atul itction. Tie tflterpliece of" Loeers' Quarre/a'" ril tlie whole house iii glilid lii. .mour. Mel'edth, in Sanclho, hIowever, wasins efl'fective thnliu sae have sen himn. Kinowles' Dous r 6C'rals, alt Dy sll's Lopez, wvere well ex' eneitd; aiind it woulhi ie Inhlnir Ito forilet MIl. Ji n.s, whii, as Jacinta, greatly redeemed &t; , elects in tIhe first piece. ; Blilding lhas ad'anceted on the Brickfield Hill side?i . f the town to stich an extent, as to unite GoaulI' b urn, to tie intended contiliuation of Macquarirsf ,Street; a bridge is rendered necessary at that parti .of Goulbuhrn Street, near Market Lane. otherwisei Sthie cihannel for carrying off thie ;water to Cockle: Bay, which dr acenils fronm the Surry Hills, will prevent carts from touching 'at the houses now. erecting. FPron a CORRESPONDENT.-Augut I0, 3831,i 199 prisoners left Woolwicl. for Sydney by t1m Lloyds: -149 from tihe.7stitio hulk, and b0 from the Gannmede. One hnntdred of tllemn are for seven yesrs, and the remainder for 14 years asd life. 198 arrived at Sydney. One named MallnrshI died during the voyage, and one iulnedt Barnei K immediately after comimg onii board at vWoolwc, This accoknts for only 199 beinig the nfumnbcr tlit left Woolwichl on that date. SGSAND RlGOATTA.-Thie sqsatics, postponed td this day, will commence at ten o'clock, under th? ' unitlance of Captains )Daniel, Chalmers, and other SGentlemen associated with them, in the arrng" mnent of thie sports. Macquarie Fort will again be appropriated to the fashlonables of the Colony, who may desirte to nttend. The Band of the l 4k k Itegt. haa been kindly promised for the occessooi n by the Commanding tfticer. It is seldom that tl s Smonotony of Sydney is broken by piublic sport;l 'i and we may be said to owe'this, as well as simihr Samnusements within thle Ilast four years, to the O excitement which Captain DI)aniel always msansgel to create among his brother aeamen in the bar * Iour. The particulars of the sailing matches will Sbe found in another column of this day's M'oitor.' i We have been presented with a niumber of the? \- Post-Office Directory and Almanack. On an cal si \- day we shall take an opportunity of noticing it, DUEL..Two Gentlemen met on the Liver- pool Race Course last week, to decide their d-itferetice at tihe pistols' muzzle. One w 4irepared lvith a scondll; but the-other to. conaprehending the etiquette olazerved on o( - t "?asions when men meet to shoot holes int each o other'l b'olies, came atlrr. lio this dilemma, it tl 'Eaton, a groom enilee ploSedsbyd theLanor whor wa day eveing, and died on Sunday.-The evidence of excesilve use of ardent spirits.-Verdict " Died by t thesi ftati of God." Tse Coronor from the vio- c let natreonf iliahe disease ordered the bed and bed- ce. ingtg fe deceased to be itiuediately destroyed by d e (pASMODIC of the faculty bh ? l been held b-ED N .nsutats a held at the RumHop Public Houseon, King's lWharf , on the body of a poor mtht baed Dennis ear who was found deae n d In a ret Lote hut at twhe ay eveninorth , ad died on Sunday last. He wasednce o fve Sto the d caatUtendaCOnt ftbllhe the Coronature oflinques. From the evidence it appen e of tiut le had bentet I `1 labouring under an intitn con otracted amongst " e the Alauringiii in the interior for a period of six c hears the virulent effects of which hil brought on at p oary disease of which he died. The body t exhibited ause o arenectacle. Verdict-" Died by the visitation of God.' tWe are sorry to learn that the Governor labours under an attack in the Eyes, which prevents His Excellency from despatching his usual quantity of W.re. also regret to hear that His Honour the nChief Justichefaclty h been is idiheld.--Dsposed. the GazIettes inspuate5, that the clergymen do not atineSid the burial of prisoners dyig in the attentive to the discharge of their religious duties Norn this, asnr on lSundyer oclasiont. He w conve Weto t are glad to forind that the fiCort Police Magis trate took a fellow into custody on Wednesday, for rling upton the ihafts of his cart in the street. inunths, having been ietected maoking a pro/essonalst tour on the I and of Mr Mpckaness. " Stoleo rsixI t is sweet," iat is eacid an this was verified on the thSydney c ;-the grapes wi Jack purloied, relis ared by to leir wrships.at the Governor labours TOP. syDNF.Y DisaaEARY,-It is greatly to Ii". An deplr n re, that this valuable lnstiuth on, whic xcellt be mafrom the spehicle of so much good to the ck poor, is almosre t extinct for the want of funds hanks to this wine bibbin commuf priso nity, the limits of the dispe isry have always been circu acrbed a IF People choosing to waste a guinea a week it poisonous rum, rather than subscribe the same atteount pive toanu, for the dirrgelif of their fdutiesllow omen t(oria, a on any othemselves) in time f sikess if a toper, grown hoary in his propensities. be consigned to the stocks, notwithstad Police M is not took aitO , and disgustody on Wednes-liey, for appeararce, pthlic sympathy is often excited. aid riding bsrptn rele shafses huf from the fang of treet. police yut when a fellow creature is proster, f with alltiction. with perhaps a wife and family 1 depending upon his recovery for their subsistence, i ntd an appeal is tmade in his and their behalf, ublic sympa y " can't afford," or is tole not at sRome," on that occasion. The " march of intellect." the " mJarch of hu wereanty, andl every other cristiaeeliked to bmarch have become the burden of the public song. et, niot withstanding all these philanthe opicf so mche good the Thnksydney D isne biry she who has distribte the liits ofd her Doctors say. that unless the greuatpublic Physician will gi e her a ctain nibedic ti, thsame benevolent lady will give up the ghost ! And must shIe be thus untimely cut off from society, when r lief can he so easily obtained prHeave and good n.eu forbid! MAotorous habitsAND No MARRdigung, Alexanerous-li Thompson, our readers will rememnber, a fee weeks goriti, manre ed to scale the walls of the Sydneyli jail, end proca felleded to rearre aatti, where he wais married ito a female at that tunmie the Factory. The Govery or it seems had giver consent to the marriage, when Thompson he came liberated fronm durance; and, presettin himself to the Cl isrgyman, he claimed the fbhlfilen of his Ex" mcllfintys order, which, of course wa Scoanplied with very otSupremIe Court ch ha now seems issued, t writ of e publiea Csong.rpus to bring l the wiafe, n order that at inoly be decided by thei Saonod hrs whether say. that unid we is the property pu Alexander h'hompson, or of His Majesty. This ia a novel cause. and cannot fail to elicit much hu Pmor. sic hn sillon i ertuall fucilled ti e Governor t condition-but whether e will e ghoseld to have lse beaudl done so, now rieu ins to be seen. Seorgli e Calr, wahoi arrined y the Bro fand goo Ntw Zealaon, on Sratrday, .willarged itha hav weeksg aurered one Co scales Woodlls oate there, was brought before the Sirri ney Police,pson p. ; Paite, who comanands the schooner, receivei Clear in charge from ncis predecessor, and brohiuelght to the in crgsty to Sclaimedy. ti e chief onouier of the schooner er stated, that a party of Aletn ldeir vred to e p ris, o ner upof His hajet ge. T di a novel ctahsea i n cannot fil to eicit. He thaIu Sconditioted lt he had he ill e helged to aleo' ceased shdone so, now rer in his deto fce saiseen. Jthat Ue ad perpet rel t-,ei -()s 'ruer sda , th teorht i crime., who trter to he I aihrroawn frun. New Z ealatnd on Satery, leiard eea destiu e. i'a Burderema one Chl rlins otde ate ther. Swas Elroih, eforef Ktheg Strdney Police, Ca man ito g Paoite, whot com . uals tdouhe btichoner, recntieit. wet to ihe Brgke wFrome his dopreulcs were o-t irouht harn in t( t umdyhe P oaire. Snative delivered re prisoner up, a nd the ioesteadr part of the (rpani School tarate, was also sold by S the property i murer of Arnoldlne. He thLaritg i to in his own defeas the desio was give, saw the yt remtat eId I thrpeiaik 't almost tnlre, your Wor-t shii pih thavisng bee confineder to hirten wdreeks iwn gafronl Te regret to hear by t in te Enchantres, that Mr. m.an of BElli, of Kh Street, who wet to lcutta min tohe Sovereig ,e ta that place of fever.in paye o Sb'ooeemign, died at that place of fever. 