LAUNCESTON, Juke 26, 1834. Jf 1 might give a short him lo an impartial writer, it troitld be tti tell him his fate. If he retotres to venture upon the dangerous precipice cf telling unbiassed truths, let him proclaim war with mankind i la mode 1c pais de Pole— neither to give nor to take quarter. If he tells the crimes of great mfn, then fall upon him tcith the iron hands of Ihe lav) : if lie tells their virtves, when they have any, then the mob attach him leilh slander. But if he regards truth, let liim etyect martyrdom un both sides, and Oitn he may go on fearieu ; and this is the course 1 toJtc myself. — ))e Fok. By the Chili, which arrived in the river on the fiOtli inst., we have received our English Journals to the commencement of February. They contain no intelligence of much public moment, which has not aJveady been afforded by us to the public ; though we now for die first time learn the views of the Times and the Morning Chronicle on the most important topics of the day in Europe, these journals forming part of our budget. We do not however recollect to have seen any allusion in the Colonial prints to a mea sure in agitation among the German States to exclude the manufactured eroodsof Great Bri tain and encourage domestic manufactures. This measure appears to be in contemplation, and if carried into effect, will be a warning lesson lo the English nation, or, more properly speaking, to the aristocracy, for 'giving into the savage blunder' that a nation should not go to the cheapest market for its corn, as for any thing else. The British exclude foreign corn, to give a chimerical advantage to their own agriculturists ; and, ' tit for tat,' the Germans are going lo exclude foreign manu factures, to the encouragement of their own ; and the consequence to the two nations is, a mutual nouiiLE loss. Ihe tollowmgis trom the morning Vlironi cle of January 31st, and is inserted here for the especial profit of a colony, in which the introduction of supplies from a neighbouring settlement gives unfeigned dissatisfaction to the lovers of ' all the gooil old English cus toms;' among whom indeed any 'protective' measure — as it would be called — would be received with barbarous delight : — A meeting on Hie subject of the Corn Laws is lobe held at the Crown and Anchor this day. A better time tlian tlic present cannot possibly be cliosen for agitating this great question. The manufacturing population are gene rally employed, and the Legislature may deliberate with out fear of popular commotion. On ihe oilier hand, by a wise decision we may prevent the German States from adopting a measure which would prove injurious to them aB\vell astn ourselves, but of which we have no right to cowplain, having driven diem to it, and we may lay the foundation of a system of intercourse with the Continent, equally advantageous to its inhabitants and to ourselves. It is to be kepi constant!)' in mind, that we enjoy peculiar advantages for manufacturing, and that it roust be more advantageous for the people of many parts of the Continent to buy their manufactures from ue than to make them j but then to enable them to buy from us, we must buy from them in return. The nonsense that is talked at what are called agri cultural meeting*, is really astonishing;. In The Chronicle of yesterday, -we eave from the Kelso Mail an account of a Meeting of the Landowners of the Mcrsc andTiviotdale at KcIpo, of which the Duke of Bucclcugh waachairman at which the speakers teemed to vie with each other as to who should utter the purert twaddle. Mr. Ceo. baillic, junior, the mover of the first Resolution, went over all ancient and modern history to prove that all sensible peo ple deemed agriculture of importance, and having ascer tained lhat'lhe knowledge oflhe people of this country on this most useful science before the lime of Julius Ca-sir was very limited,' he traced to the visit paid usbvth^ Romans, the progressive skill which had at length asto Dished the world in the Dandie DinmonU of the Tweed and the Cheviot. 'From that time (the virit of the Komans) to this, with some interruptions, it has gone on progressively, and at this day we have attainedas I nation an eminence in the practice of agriculture, wbicuis un known to, add unequalled by, any other country ln the world. Well and truly may Great Britain boast of tl,e invincible bravery of her soldiers; well and truly mav she boast of the undaunted courage of her sailors ? but as well and as truly may she boast of her agriculture feheersl as 1 assert it as (inn a bulwark an either of the others What would her armies in the field— what would her fleets on the ocean avail her, without her agriculture ? as no war can be maintained, no honorable peace can be formed, without an abundant supply of agricultural pro duce at home [hear, hear !].' No doubt, Mr. Bailie beef and bread are indispensable to heroism ; and where' beef and bread abound, heroes will abound also. It re quires no ghost to tell us, that a large population cannot exist without much food. We will go farther than Mr. Baillie, for we will say an improved agriculture is an in! fallible test of the civilization of a country. But will Air. Baillie, or any of the other sages who met at Kelso, teU usiiow it is possible for a country densely peopled,' and with about one-third of the population, or five millions anda-half ol people, employed upon articles destined for the foreign market, and who export about thirty-seven millions north of manufactures every year, to be without a good agriculture » The Dandie Dmmonts are becoming too poetical for us. We will tell these men their danger —their danger is not in having a part of the 61 millions of the manufacturers for the foreign market fed by foreign corn obtained in return for their manufactures, but in having these manufacturers to feed after the market for their manufactures has been cut off. As long as we have our manufacturers fully employed, we need not be under any alarm for our agriculture; but should our manufac turers suffer materially, not only would our farmers /nse them as customers in the home market, but they would have to feed them as beggars ; for they may rest assured that men will not, by being told, in the language of Mr. Alalthus, that the table is already full, wend tlieir way to the nearest ditches and there lie down and die. Woe to the landou-nersof England if over they have the sole feed ing of the population, which they are stupid enough to seek, for this would be a proof of declining manufactures, and would amount to a confiscation of the soil. The Uandic Diumonts may not see this ; and we pray that they may never be taught by experience. Of all the delusions that ever haunted the mind of a fool, the delusion of a large population employed in manufactures for exportation co- existing with the land of the country thrown out of cultivation, is the most outrageous. These are woeful extravagancies. We are not, however, astonished Unit the farmers should be somewhat uneasy at the prospect of a free trade in corn at a 6*ed duty. They have all been taught to look to the Corn Laws 'for high prices. Free trade will certainly prevent high prices, ex cept in particular years. Hut the question which puzzles them is, the how much would the fall in prices be X Men who have embarked capital in cultivation, and who hold laniion leases, at determinate rents, aie naturally unwill ing to lose by any measure however beneficial it may be to the nation. \V hen we consider that tlip mm inilrn. in effect free down lo the French war, that all the coun tries producing corn were then in the market, and that prices notwithstanding were comparatively nigh, we can not help thinking that there is no cause for alarm to the farmers. An evening contemporary (The Globe (alludes to a fact ascertained by Air. Tooke, that the crops are very frequently abundant in nearly all the corn-growing countries of the continent in the same year, and that thu abundance continues fora series of yean, and refers also to the evidence of Mr. Jos. Sandars, that lie has known fine Baltic wheat, equal to English, sold at twenty to twenty -two shillings a quarter for five or six years in suc cession. This, however, proves little. Wheat is not the food of the people in the countries on the Baltic. The shutting the market of so great a consuming country as England, or the allowing wheat only to be warcbouVed, must make the Baltic wheat almost unmarketable. But no person would say, that with a regular trade ami a ? egularconsumptJon in England, wheat would notinetanuy ri«; in price to about forty shillings. Where wheat is not the food of the population, it must sell for what can be got for it— as witness Ireland. The Agricultural Meetings referred to are akin to our precious Anti-Usury concerns. In both cases, the welfare of self is at the bottom of all flourishes about the. welfare of the public; and the means recommended, I spoliation of other people. I Among our journals we have also the True I Sun, (radical paper,) in which the following I non-chalant notice of the Sister Colony is I dropped in amongst more grave matter : — There tire sad complaints ia the Sydney Papers of the 12th September, of the kind of emigrants sent out by Government to that colony, both as to their moral cha racter and physical capabilities. Prize lighting and cock fighting arc also stated to be an increasing relish in that part of llie world ; and a new and larger gaol is sail to be very much needed. What follows is extracted from the Times, 29th January: — Were the Dutch universally convinced that their Sovereign maintained his present enormous military force — that lie continued tlieir oppressive fiscal burdens -and that lie prevented them from the full enjoyment of a commercial intercourse with their neighbours, in order I that he might some time or other take advantage of Ins 1 position and strength to conquer the Ilelgic provinces, he I Would not be able to maintain his present mischievous I policy fora month. They hated their connexion with I Belgium more, it possible, than the Belgians detested their union with Holland, and would, perhaps, sooner depose their King than help him to a Belgic conquest. Such being the most 6tnking facts relative to the con nection of His Dutch Majesty with bis despotic allies and peaceful subjects, the course to be pursued by France, fcngland, and Belgium, with the best prospect of bringing about an arrangement, would seem to l-e clear. Let them jio longer encourage these useless, if not mischie vous, special embassies to the Hague. Let them resume the Conferences of London, and demand of the Butch Government whether it really desires a definite arrange ment, and is prepared to enter on bond tide negotiations for that object. If, seeing thai they will no longer bo trifled with, Hit Dutch Majesty abandons his procrasti nating policy, and sincerely treatsfor peace, their purpose is gained, if, on the other hand, they find a repetition I of the same duplicity and hypocrisy which have disgraced I Dutch diplomacy for the last three years, let them tie- I dare in the face of Europe that the King of Holland is I averse to peace, and that he only negotiates to deceive. I Six months after such a declaration, we are persuaded I thai the Dutch will sec to tlieir own interests, without I any reference to those of the Orange dynasty. I War appears still brooding in the East. I Let ub trust that the security of the free na- I tions of Europe will render any resource to arms unnecessary. The Jury Meeting in Hobart Town having elapsed nine days, has ceased to beti wonder. Men's minds have returned to their accus tomed quietude, and men themselves to their business. Irascibility cannot endure for ever ; for it is a suicidal passion ; and in proportion to its vehemence is its brevity. A little cool dispassionate reasoning may therefore be g» some avail a°-ain upon the important subject of Juries; especially since appearances justi fy the opinion that an alteration in the present system is undoubtedly resolved upon in 'cer- tain high quarters.' There has been much of preliminary reference to and fro, between Minister and Oovernor, and Governor and Crown Lawyers, and Crown Lawyers and Judges; a species of official protocolising ; the ultimatum of which, it is to be hoped, will not be deferred, like that of the Dutch Con ferences, to the end of all time. We are in hopes that the forthcoming Session of our lit tle Legislature will be the one destined for the honorable distinction of giving birth to a bet ter system of Juries than that at present at work. We accordingly resume the subject. There are few, we fancy, who would be dis posed to say that the present Jury system even, 'works well;' especially the Jury of Assessors in civil cases. And yet it is not the best way of proceeding to take for granted what easily admits of demonstration . Our ob ject to-day shall therefore be to devote a few words to prove the present jury system bad. The Jury of Assessors cau hardly be termed a Jury in the popular sense. It is more like a quorum, partakingof the nature of a jury only in so far as that two of the three composing it (tile assessors) are taken out of a body of some two hundred individuals who have had their names gazetted as Justices of the Peace ; the third being His Honor of the Supreme Court. The question is, does this triumvirate present a reasonable guarantee for an honest and just decision between subject and subject, and the crown and subject ? We think not. In the first place, as to suits between man and man. Here the Judge and Assessors, in this, country, are not only likely to know the parties before them, but what is worse, are likely to be of one accord in their previous opinion eoncernin; them ; a circumstance more unimportant as respects the judge than the assessors, who, to speak geuerally, are men of but average abili ty, and untried* probity, and who are not only likely to have stronger personal resentmentsand prejudices than the judge, but to he more in fluenced by them when on the judgment seat. But with all three this personal knowledge is objectionable, cm the score of the prejudices it is likely to create. Again ; where the parties, one or both, are known to neither judge nor assessors, the judge is likely to be the only ac tive functionary — virtually the only real arbi ter. The assessors are commonly magistrates ready at hand, not over liking the bother, though sensible, no doubt, of the dignity, of being associated with His Houorshtp. They have no professional reputation to maintain ; they reap no emolument for their duties ; they are anxious about their private affairs perhaps, or their dinners are getting cold; and fagged with the tedium of a long trial, their conscien ces are not likely to be the must unaccommo dating of consciences when the verdict is re quired. Tben again, there is the small chance of alighting upon a man, out of so few as two chosen out of the small number that may be at hand, uninterested and experienced at the same time, who could bring a competent know ledge to the adjudication of special cases. So that there seems to be no little probability of the judgment seat being also the seat of pre judice, utter uselessness, or incompetence, when filled by judge and assessors. The pro bability of course would be less — first, by the numbers from which the assessors are taken being increased, — otherwise nominating a number of men competent to serve on juries ; and secondly, by encreasing the number of assessors — that is, forming a jury of five, seven, twelve, or twenty, as the case may be. — Thus far of disputes between man and man . Where the Crown and the subject are at issue, judge and assessors are parties to the dispute. The judge, however honest as a man, is the nomi nee of the Crown ; gets his salary from the Crown ; and is removable at pleasure. The magistrates from whom the assessors are taken, are the noblesse of the colony ; are selected as being 'respectable men', and upon strong suspicion of possessing orthodox principles in all matters, lay and spiritual ; and are liable to the loss of easte for any display of unsea sonable independence. Here then imparti ality need not be looked for; though we be lieve, with respect both to this Colony and New South Wales, that, in point of fact, the Judges of the Supreme Courts here and there have in general displayed marked indepen dence of government influence ; while of the assessors, we must injustice observe, that our reasoning is more against them as participators in the common frailty of human nature, thau from any actual knowledge which we possess of their corruptibility. However, the judges of to- day and their coadjutors may not be the lucky men to-morrow: occasionally a mad barrister must be provided for, and a ' well connected ' blockhead be ' made a magis trate of,' — and viewing the general infirmities of human nature, we inler from the reasons stated that in all cases the mode of trial by judge and assessors is not by any means the most likely to secure impartial judgments. Next of the Military Jury of seven. They seem to us to have been little influenced by the prejudices of caste, in cases of general oc currence; and, possibly from certain conven tional notions of ' honor and all that ' — a mo rality of the Golhic order — have displayed much valiant determination in both the Colo Dies, not to give in when the good old consti tutional rule would have starved them into a verdict. Practically, too, they are convenient rather than not; and we trust that should civil juries come into vogue, there will be no crying out against ' the bore ' of being boxed up jury-wise. Here, however, end the virtues of the 'military jury. Taking it for all in all, it is a decidedly bad jury. It is ajury of aliens ; and though this fact will tend to make them unprejudiced, it will have a stronger ten ? dency to make them indifferent. What object have they in taking pains to be just ? They are not permanent members of colonial socie ty ; they are not citizens of our little state ; they have no interest in the general enforce ment of good order. By habit, too, we may even say by choice, they are careless men. AH then concurs to make them non-entities in the hands of the judge. It is a jury of hired men; and though they be ' alt honor able men,' or, more aptly speaking, men of honor, they are all by profession, and more by esprit-de- corps, the blind supporters of royalty and aristocracy, and the conteinners of the mob. Who then can expect even the empty shew of impartiality in such a jury, in cases wherein crown and subject are opposed to each other? Last of all, They are a jury of soldiers; of a caste, of men bound to gether by the free-masonry of common and exclusive pursuits. How can such men be trusted on the trial of a fellow-soldier? — Of their number, seven, it is needless to say any thing: there is abundant reason in the fore going, to stamp the individuals unfit for jurymen, whether seven or seventy. The military jury, then, we consider an unfit instrument for the dispensation of cri minal justice ; being likely to be, either an expensive nullity, or staunchly partizan, or directly prejudiced. , We have here given, as briefly as we are able, the main reasons which impel us to think our present civil and criminal juries de fective — reasons which we offer as sufficient in themselves to warrant a change, when one can be made for the better, without any hack nied reference to the Constitutions of the past, which, whether good or bad or indifferent, were but the work of men, less informed than the present generation, and who had no right more than ourselves to constitute any order of things for the eternal and unalterable observ ance of posterity. A future task will be to enlarge upon the subject by endeavoring to shew to all impartial and well-informed minds what description of jury is the most likely to work justice to all. And this we shall do, heedless of all sorts of clamour that may be raised against us ; making the splutter of? our opponents the joke of a leisure hour; and treating the imputations of those who judge of others by themselves, let thorn be black as they are false, with that unaffected contempt which silence can alone express. Thk account of the last quarter's Revenue and Expenditure is published, together with a comparative statement of the Revenue for the corresponding quarter of last year. The Re venue has increased, naturally enough, being on the increase of prosperity ; and the expen diture has increased also, but the reason for this we cannot discover. This topic we shall have occasion to refer to again. Av article from Tait's Magazine is inserted in our journal to-day, on Economical Mis sions, which is well calculated for this meri dian. We are sadly in want of a Missionary here like Dr. Bowring ; a man of acknow ledged weight and influence, qualifications which would carry more authority among our antiquated politicians than even the rationale of his doctrines. Heavens! what a field for such a man. What havoc would he make among the little cavillers against practical li berty — those who shout for the shadow and curse the substance of freedom. How men, now blinded with the dust which is thrown in their eyes, would begin to open their under standings to the revelations of common sense. Would there be one man, not bold enough to say ' I am Tory to the back bone and despise all improvement, be it in Steam or in Law,' who would then preach up Usury Laws, and Local Corn Laws, and Restrictions in Trade, and maintain that a colony of not more than thirty thousand, free and bond, women and children, which could speud some £300,000 yearly in domestic and public house reveling, was a colony that was on the verge of destruc tion! But why need the colony wait till some Humane Society takes pity on its retro gressions and sends out preachers to thewilder ness. Again and again let us hope that the majority of reflecting and truly patriotic men are — with us shall we say ? No, rather with the most enlightened men of the day in Eng land and in France, whose doctrines, and not our own, it has been our pride to popularise with all the means in our power, heedless of the plaudits or execrations of any party, and strengthened by. the conviction that we perform our duty to the colony. We recommend the article in question to the attentive perusal of the readers of this journal. A Correspondent suggests the propriety of the Police Magistrate appointing a certain hour in each day for the hearing of cases brought before His Worship. Such an ar rangement, we think, would be much to the public convenience, as persons having busi ness with the Police would be at the office at the time appointed, and thus would not be unnecessarily detained. The Chili brings us the Magazines for Feb ruary, and the Quarterly and Edinburgh Reviews for January. In the Edinburgh we find a long article on Secondary Punishments, in which transportation is denounced as not being severe enough to answer the end of pun ishment. We find in it an extract or two from a despatch from Colonel Arthur to the Home Government. We shall examine the Micle in time for our next number. Money Market— London, Feb. 8.— Con- sols 89 to i ; Russia Stock 104J to 105 ; Bra zilian 71 j to 72; Portuguese 63 to i ; Spanish 28$ to 29. Tin: following very excellent itul considerate Government Notice appears in the last Ga zette, relating to the townships throughout the interior. By it, it will be seen, township lands are not only not to be let, but they are not to be grazed over by adjacent proprietors : they are to be devoted to th». sole use of resi dents on the townships, each being permitted to depasture to the extent of three or four cows and working bullocks, and twenty sheep : — ' The Lieutenant Governor havinsr been pleased to direct that the townships Ihroughont ihe territory should not be let. but reserved for the benefit and advantage of the persons resident thereon, who will be each permitted to depasture to the extent of three or four cows or work ing bullocks, and twenty sheep ; His Excellency desires it may be distinctly understood, that lhc cattle and stock of the adjoining proprietors or occupiers of land will not be permitted to depasture on any of the slid township?, and the Police Magistrates arc hereby authorized to cause the cattle or stock of such adjacent proprietors to be impounded when found trespassing thereon, and to take care that do individual resident of the township is permit ted to depasture thereon, to the injury of his neighbours, more than a fair proportion of stock.' Note of preparation is given of the ensuing meeting of the Colonial Legislature. The Gazette contains notices of four Acts, intended to be laid before the Council in the ensuing Session. By the schooner Tamar we have received our Sydney Journals to tho middle of June, and copies of the Zuid Afrikaan, Cape paper, and Bombay Gazette. The contents of these papers are for the most part entirely devoid of interest to people down here. ADVEimsrn Ornn:, Wednesday Evcaing. Tbe mail of this evening brings our English papers and letters of Nuvember and December by the Charles Eaton; and Cape and, Indian journals — that vessel bavins put in at tbe Cape on her passage hither. We have also files of papers from the Mauritius by the Argo. We have just space to notice that the Advertise ment from Oatlands, relative to the Meeting held there, to adopt some means of expressing the sense entertained by the inhabitants of the district of Mr. G. A. Robinson's services, has been received. It will of course appear in our next publicition. The Oatlands people have done themselves much honor in being the first to notice the services of a man, who, we were fearful, was beginning to be forgotten. A subscription is to be entered into, and the Lieutenant Governor to be petitioned to increase the compensa lion already given to Mr. Robinson, to an amount more adequate to the merit of his services. The sale by Mr. Eunir, at Boyden Hills, on Tues day, was very numerously attended by persons from all parts of the county, a»d the prices fetched were high beyond all expectation. These auctions appear to us the very best mode of marketing in this colony, and we doubt not to see them reverted to in a more methodical manner very generally throughout the Island. Akotueii daring burglary lisis been committed in Launceston at the stores of Messrs. J.& D.ltoisniiT son, during the evening of Sunday, and so early as 8 o'clock. The door of the warehouse fronlingthe street was forcibly opened, and the thieves succeeded in car rying off a quantity of superfine wearing apparel, value upwards of jCGO. We are sorry to say no clue has yet been obtained throwing any light upon tbe affair. The principal Post Master, has notified that the New Post Office Regulations, will come into operation on the 27th instant. The following particulars we give to our readers : — The Mail will leave Hobirt Town every Friday and Tuesday at 7 p. m., reaching Launce»lon on the follow ing days sit 3 o'clock, and will be despatched from l,aun cesiou every Monday and Thursday at 2 p. in., to arrive in Hobart town on Tuesday and Fridays at 10 o'clock, a. m. The Unpaid Box will be closed at Hobart Town and Launceston one hour previous to the departure of the Mail; but letters can be received half an hour later on payircnl of fid. each to the clerks of the Post office, for their extra trouble. Tin: TiiEATnr.. — Weare gratified in being able (o state that the Theatre still continues to receive as well as to deserve popular support. On Tuesday, the Maid of Milan was performed to a full house ; and we hear afforded great satisfaction to the audience. The constant change of pieces given by the manager is a strong token of bis desire to gratify our small community. A nr-poivr has been spread in town that the stores of Messrs. Jennings & Hamilton have been broken open and robbed during the past week. This, we are happy to say is false. The error has been fallen into in consequence of Messrs. J. & H. having missed a cask of bottled wine from their warehouse, which was afterwards found concealed in « stable near ; two dozen of the wine having been extracted. The rob bery must have been effect''] by some of their ser vants or workmen employed in doing sonic repairs on the premises. We find by the Morning Chronicle of the 31st of January that 300 sail of Merchantmen left Ports mouth and Cbwes roads, on the 29th of January ; after a detention, of the greater number, of nearly 3 months, by contrary winds. Amongst which were vessels for Now South Wales and this Colony. 