HOBART TOWN POLICE REPORT Michael Sullivan was sentenced to 6 months at Westbury road party for most gross and wicked conduct, in inciting a fellow servant a mere boy, to rob his master. This punishment was passed as a warning to aged men like the prisoner, whose experience and situation in life should have taught him better conduct. Patrick Weldon, who was committed to gaol some time since in default of bail, for his unkind and inconstant conduct to Sally Leahy, now appeared with two friends, who promised to be bound for his future good behaviour and kindness to Sally, who had forgiven him, and had repented of her rash conduct. The sureties were taken, and poor Pat, upon being asked for the fees, exhibited his empty pockets, and sang "Oh ! this love this love." Thomas Arnott, was fined 5s. for drunken- ness and some "Quere", base coin being found in his possession, he was necessarily de- tained for an explanation, but as no proof of a guilty knowledge appeared, he was discharged. William Friend was charged with being too friendly with the bottle, but as they appeared to be quite new friends, he was only repri- manded. Patrick Hunter, George Hopkins, Henry Linton,Thomas Cane, William Brown, Peter Webster, and Bridget Eagleton, for preferring strong waters to the pure Aqua Vita, were fined 5s. each. Mary Chandler was fined 5s. for drunken- ness and 5s for putting a constable to the blush, by using bad language, which his modesty for a long time would not allow him to repeat. However, at the risk of his reputation, and to the sacrifice of his sensitiveness with much persuasion, be reierated Mrs. Chandler's charming soliloquy, Joseph Pratt was charged by Mr. P. Stanley Tomlins, who appeared personally at the Bar, for the first time in this Colony, " with driving a horse so negligently in Davey street, as to be likely to endanger the safety of his majesty's subjects" whether the subjects then in Davey- street passing and repassing at the time were meant, or not the information did not state but Mr. Tomlins being in the capacity of informer, Advocate and witness swore, that he saw the defendant in charge of a very fine horse, that apparently had been just taken out of a cart, by the appearance of the harness and trappings on it ; that defendant was ten yards behind the horse when another person came up ; that defendant smacked his whip which made the horse jump and run for forty yards from him ; that on the defendant making a peculiar noise, the sagacious animal returned to him ; that defendant used this charm through Davey- Murray-streets, until himself and the horse got near the Post office, when witness spoke to him ; that defendant told him to mind his own business ; (it was not proved that the horse ever neighed at the witness) that defendant appeared to have the perfect command of the horse when he was near him, yet when he smacked the whip and the horse was at a dis- tance from him, it was impossible to know what accident might have happened, (hat is what might have happened to his Majesty's subjects at that time, at the other end of the town, it wit presumed the informer meant). William Littlemore called by the defendant, swore that during all the time of the sagacious pranks of the horse, (and the wise remarks and observations of the informer at the time were equally sagacious) the horse was not more than two yard off the defendant. The sagacity of all parties concerned having been fully considered, it was adjudged that the informer had lost the best by a distance ; and we have since heard, has requested his name to be struck now off the sporting list of the Police-office. The defendant was discharged. James Oakey, Benjamin Frost, Jeremiah O'Sullivan, severally charged by Mr. Exam- iner Foote, with having deficient weights and measures in their possession. It appeared that the New Examiner had not adjusted matters at all to the satisfaction of the Magistrate, and advised to do business for the future upon a different Footing, Richard Wakefield, and Archibald Muir, were each fined in small sums at the instance of Mr. Examiner, it appearing they were deficient in their matters.— Also Thomas Tremble quaked like a leaf, when he heard the charge against him dismissed, and then he shook for joy. Several bakers appeared this day to answer complaints in breach of the "Bread Act," which, although has been pasted some weeks, yet up to this day had been treated as a dead letter. Nothing very flagrant appeared against the parties in either of the cases, but as a warn- ing to others and remind the bakers and bread dealers that there is now and most salutary guidance, the defaulters were fined. Thomas Grady being short weighted, was fined 10s. John Furber, licensed publican, was charged with keeping open house on a Sunday. It ap- peared that the alledged charge wrong, for the Act in such case—from half-past one to three on Sunday, a publican has a right to keep his house open for out door customers. And this being the case with the defendant, he was discharged. Thursday, 17th October. Thomas Cane a real wicked drunken des- cendant of his ancestor Cain, who was only fined yesterday, now appeared again charged with drunkenness. In order to give him a little relief from his daily habit of now thirty years standing, he was ordered to his Majesty's gaol. John Marney, Frederick Preston, and Charles Clark, were each fined 5s. being their first ap- pearance in their present character. John Bodry of the Calcutta Hotel, appeared to receive the judgment of the court, for breach of the Licencing Act, in having a tap separate and apart from the main building of the Hotel, and no person approved of by the Justices—at prescribed by thee Act to take charge of it, was fined 5£. and costs. David Lord, Esq., appeared by summons to answer the charge of the Town Surveyor, for obstructing district constable Wright in the execution of his duty, who was acting under the Town Surveyor instructions, in superintending the affixing, one of the Town Surveyor’s "sign or show boards," on the corner of the Squire’s house in Macquarie-street, the evidence of the constable, although given by a real Tulip, to support the charge, failed—and the case was dismissed. Samuel Bradley fined 10s. for taking a ride in his own cart, to the great annoyance of con- stable Thomas Perkins. Thomas Williams, was reprimanded for disorderly conduct. Peter Webster, 14 days House of Correction to teach him good manners, and better behaviour in a good service. Benjamin Jubb holding a ticket of leave, was so smitten with the charms of Mrs. Macdonald, as to have subjected himself to a severe reprimand from the Magistrate some time since, when he was told his ticket was in danger but such was the force of his life, he could not withstand the lady's allurements, and was af- terwards met by her husband, both returning from the shrine of Bacchus. When the prisoner vowed anud declared to Mr. McDonald that in spite of him he would have his wife, Mr. M'Donald expressed his wish to reclaim the fair if possible, to accomplish which, there appeared to be no other mode, but to deprive the prisoner of his ticket, and convey him to Grass tree hill as a solace for the loss of his lady. John Candy assigned to Mr. J. Makepeace, was charged with bring very disorderly in his master's house, and instead of retiring at the proper hour to rest, had forced his company into the kitchen, broke the kitchen door—milled the glaze—poked a candle almost into his master's eye, then escaped by wading through the town creek; and taking a flight to Knock- lofty. Such conduct being quite at variance with the character as well as the name of his master. He was returned to Government for other amusement. John Wall 25 lashes for repeated absence. Richard Moore, was fined 20s. and costs, for assulting and threatening to beat John Preston, assigned servant to Mr. McRrobie. Friday, 18th October, Robert Jeffery, William Wylde, Benjamin Brotherton, Catherine Williams, Elijah Mac- donald, fined 5s. each for drunkenness. John Furber, John Hedger fined 5s. each, half to Mr. Foote and half to the King, for having improper weights in their possession, but the weights restored. George Parry, James Miller charged with a similar offence discharged. Charles Higgins, John Barrett, John Ger- rard, Thomas Barclay, George Croker, each fined 5s. for breach of the bread Act. Henry Brown, was fined 4l. (under very peculiar circumstances) for assaulting and beating his assigned servant, George Metcalf, who was returned to Government. This case came under the eye of district constable Peel, who very humanely interfered on behalf of the poor prisoner, who Mr. Brown now charged with divers offences, none of which he could satisfactorily prove. Mr. David Lamb, appeared to answer the charge of Mr Whittaker, for smashing his tum- blers and breaking his glaze, when in disguise of a New Zealander.No prosecutor appeared he was discharged. Monday, October 20. Edward Griffiths, Lucas Forsyth, and William Ayres, assigned servants, residing in the neighbourhood of the Kensington Arms, at O'Brien's Bridge, were found drinking in the public house, on Sunday last, were severally ordered to be imprisoned, and Griffiths returned to Government, being under no control. James Cooper and Lewis Green, both being new hands at this office, charged with drunken- ness, were only reprimanded. Thomas McCormack was charged by Mr. Swift, with riding on the foot-path, and when ordered off, returning a few unnecessary oaths; the promised time for his receiving the indul- gence of a ticket-of-leave extended. Michael McCabe having represented himself to be free, was ordered to be worked into a proper sense of his situation at Mr. Gunn’s. James Miller was charged with being disorderly last night, and found trespassing on a gentleman's premises, in Collins-street, at a very late hour. The constables were alarmed by a cry from Collins-street, went to the spot ex- pecting to find either fire or murder, but on entering the kitchen of a gentleman's house, the master of the mansion was found standing like a ghost up in a corner in his shirt, and the pri- soner in another corner, who it appeared had paid the female servant a visit, and had taken a hearty supper of roast beef. The females af- frighted at the supposed ghost, had ran to another part of the kitchen, and took a peep at it, but notwithstanding its apparent want of physical powers, the sight of it so confounded them, that they were unable to satisfactorily account for Mr. Miller's visit, who was ordered to find the assistance of his friends by way of earnest for his future good behaviour. John Chilton, found at a disorderly house in Goulburn street, pleaded guilty, aud said he had only drank a drop of brandy with a man they called “ Bob,” was discharged being a good character. Samuel Andrews and Henry Dickenson were ordered to Mr. Gunn’s “ circular machinery,” to woik off the fumes of the overnight "dose." John Hobson, Gilbert Ford, and William Frogatt were charged with such very trifling of- fences in their services, that they were ad- monished and discharged. Robert Wood was fined 20s. for riding in his cart. Mr. John Shalls was fined 5s., for either him or his horse mistaking the foot path fo the high road. Charles King, a very old hand, noted for his ingenuity in stuffing birds, to effect which pro- perly, a process of starving it appeared was ne- cessary, or at least a very small and delicate nutriment allowed the birds intended to be stuffed. This prosecution was most humanely instituted by constable Gaggers, who discovered that the offence came within the meaning of the Police Act, and subjected the offender to a fine, half of which to the informer. King wan fined 20s., which he declared was more than he should earn in a week, and that such a fine would stop his stuffing for a long time. John Evans and John Townsend, assigned to a respectable individual, in Macquarie-street, having been long suspected (from report) of en- deavouring, through the medium of the female servant, who formed the party, of extorting money from young men, under peculiar circum- stances, were now brought up, charged by the knowing constable Leach, who having been put "fly," disguised himself considerably, for he put on the dress of a gentleman, and by his address gained admittance to the lady, and with her walked to the back part of the premises, but before the necessary preliminaries could be completed, to which the lady pretended to make considerable objection, he was seized by the two prisoners, who threatened to take him to the watch house, if he did not do the thing that was right. Leach explained to them their mistake by taking them to the watch-house; they were now ordered to another sort of employ in the Country, and the lady ordered to amuse herself with the spinning wheel. Tuesday, October 21st. David Lord, Esq. appeared again to answer the complaint of the Town Surveyor, for ob- structing "George Jones," one of the Town Sur- veyor's show board men, who had received orders to do certain work under the provisions of the Police Act. This case was dismissed, as was remarked by the Town Surveyor, though the ignorance and bad management of two fellows, one of whom was in the shape of a “ Tulip," and blushed like a “ Turnip.” Andrew Ford and Carolina Campbell were fined 5s. for drunkenness, Duncan McArthur was ordered to be re- minded of his school days, in a certain titivating way, for neglect of duty, aud to make him more watchful and attentive to his service. William Widdowson, a very old hand, and found indulging himself in his old propensities at a very early hour in the morning, straggling on the premises of another person, without any lawful excuse, and having some time previous displayed a great taste for his neighbour's poul- try, for which he had been indulged with low diet, was now farther indulged with a visit to Mr. Gunn's for three months, to enable him to take his early morning exercises to a better pur- pose, though not so suitable to his taste. Patrick Levy was remanded on strong sus- picion of misdemeanour. James Gaskin was sentenced to 12 months addition to his present sentence, at Bridgewater, from which place he had travelled for the change of air to Hobart Town. Wednesday, October 22nd. George Harding, assigned to Mr. Andrews, was ordered to six days’ labour on the tread wheel, for gross insolence and filthy conduct in his service. Mr. George Watson was fined half a crown, for not keeping his dog under proper control. George Dyter and William Arnolds were fined 5s, each for drunkenness. Abraham Turley was fined half a crown, for a breach of the Police Act, in suffering his dog to bark at strangers, without being at the same time under proper control. James Pool was charged with great and dis- respectful attention (but it appeared it was en- tirely through ignorance) to Don Bartholomew Constable Gaggero, in not weighing bread to him delivered and sold. Case dismissed. Charles Swarbrick was remanded for further examination, on strong suspicion of having taken an unlawful fancy to his neighbours ducks. John Wright, John Ewins, John Crossland, and Mary, his wife, were fully committed for trial, for stealing or receiving a watch and other property; belonging to Thomas Austin. John Parrott, Job Forster, William Stigwood, and Daniel Kitt, were committed for further examinations, having been examined at Bridge- water, on a charge of robbing the stores at that station. Ann Scott was fully committed for trial, for shoplifting at Mr. Robertson's, in Elizabeth- street. The prisoner was about being married the morning after the robbery, and in the course of purchasing part of the wedding paraphanalia, contrived to walk off with a few yards of love ribbon, which put an end to the banns, and she was handed to durance vile for trial. Robert Williams, James Smith, and George Adams were remanded for further examination, charged with piratically stealing a stoop, the property of Algernon Montagu, Esq. Mrs. Donovan again appeared against her friend, Mrs. Kettle, on the charge exhibited and reported the other day, but failed in proving her charge of felony ; and as the defendant was a prisoner, she was handed over to the surveillance of the Principal Superintendent of convicts, who, on enquiring into the case, found that the whole business originated in a rum row, and therefore he ordered her to the factory for the remainder of her sentence. Country Police Report. Great Swan Port. - Edward Fingay, Wil- liam Head, their original sentences extended 3 years, and to be worked in a chain gang for 3 years, for absconding from the service of T. D. Lord, Esq. Thomas Wallis three years in chains at Port Arthur, for absconding from the service of T. D. Lord, Esq. George-Town. - George Mason committed for trial for felony. George Thomas twelve months in chains for misconduct in harbouring a runaway female. Hamilton. - John Eaves committed for trial, for receiving a cart knowing it to be stolen. George Andrews, committed for trial for stealing a shirt. John Smith 6 months Bridgewater chain gang for disobedience of orders and being absent without leave. John Carr nine months in chains, for disobe- dience of orders. Perth. - Benjamin Thorpe 3 months chain gang, for absenting himself without leave. Sarah Broadhead, original term of transport- ation extended three years, for insubordinate conduct. Launceston - Henry Smith was sentenced to have his original sentence extended 12 months, for absconding. John Burke was sentenced 12 months to hard labour in a road party, for being absent, and for drunkenness. Joseph Curry, Thomas Nicholls, Samuel Blight, and Daniel Cormack were fined 5s each for drunkeness. John Cathro was find £20, for conveying spirits into His Majesty's gaol. William Boot was recommended to be dismissed from the Police, for drunkenness, and refusing to do his duty. James Burton was fined 10l, for conveying spirits into His Majesty's gaol. John Jones was sentenced 18 months in chains, for concealing two female servants in his master's premises, and assaulting his master. James Roberts was committed for trial, for stealing a loaf of bread, the property of Theodore Bartley, Esq. Thomas Hopkins was sentenced to have his original term of transportation extended 3 years for absconding. Samuel Levi was fined 5l. for assaulting con- stables Reed and Macdonald. Mordecai Cohen was fined 2l. for a similar offence. William Lacy Cooper was committed for trial, for stealing sundry articles wearing apparel. James Rankin was committed for trial, for stealing a pair of trowsers, the property of the King. George Knight was fined £1 2s. for stealing timber from land, the property of G. King, Esq. Westbury.- William Bennett and James Shuttleworth were sentenced two years to Port Arthur, for absconding. New Norfolk.- James Rigby was sentenced 3 months in chains, for refusing to work. James Kelly was sentenced 3 months in chains, for idleness. Edward Fitzgerald and George Williams were fined 5s. each for drunkenness. Henry Allen was committed in default of sure- ties, for threatening to assault George Pott. Richmond. - George Parker was sentenced six months to Grass-tree hill, for raising a scandalous report tending to injure the character of a respectable female. Charles Howarth was sentenced to have his present sentence of two years in chains extended six months, for cutting his irons. Gilbert Clough, John Norris, Jacob Keen, and William Brandon were committed for trial charged with felony. James Carney was sentenced six months in chains, for refusing to work. Joseph Payne and William Henderson were ordered to have their present sentence in chains extended - Payne 18 months, and Henderson two years, for insubordination, and recommended to be removed to Port Arthur. Oatlands - Watkin Jones was recommended to be removed to Port Arthur, for ab- sconding. Benjamin Tapp was fined 2l. for assaulting Terence O’Connor. John Fletcher was admitted to bail, to appear when called upon to answer to the charge of cat- tle stealing. Thomas Howard was committed for trial, for sheep stealing. Norfolk Plains. — William Jones was sen- tenced 12 months to a road party, for neglect of duty. James Saunders was sentenced two months to a road party, for absconding. Thomas Hill was sentenced two years to the hulk chain gang, for absconding. Charles Simms was sentenced six months to Norman's, for insolence and neglect of duty. Samuel Smith was committed for trial, for stealing three one pound promissory notes. Margaret Lawrence was committed for trial, for having stolen property in her possess on. John Morrison was sentenced 12 months in irons, for neglect of duty. Bothwell —Thomas Nutley was sentenced six weeks in chains, charged by his master, Mr. Babtie, with impeaching his character. 