T~--Che ProjectedNewo Barnks. THalntF tre two n riwr 13 tIks ir ae~tatmon. urn Aubtr.ildbta ; ccrl tlti± oilier itt Styl nev, ill lit rrialilt as cve-c~ci~i-perCeive, tlir-ritig i'rtuum liii. two Bua~ks or tiesrlr extsldnut.i1 u i s~nt BU~lks ari privatie itti-vlitrtrrciI cii- parilt r'. lIxh ne'v B~nik prop~oted inr Sdntiey. is of tliw same deiserip, iol. So buga as vpipr ThU eo hotitiit5 (our ejar rent itnrl~y (ir,r to uile ii Icr~i~~hi~ii~Tii?2 jn.1 tire clrcuif(!lly ot~ oopinitot, thIt~ rlirttni f~rTotu Irolv Intie nt tl'lr.anik 1·sx' shop.er-c~r-, II thu~s I rtunn~inr eurrenL-tugic titr-jit-tlte Strun utreauw, rlte usedlly was iteither zxores~tlp-r·, casI,, specie,. aor mrley g some 5 inge.ioº1s friend of the heterogeneons mixture in coin assion- we suppose to the issiuets andhold era, " circulating enedium. On the principle tllen, that competition is a.?id for. the pnblic, we are glad to see a third B:nk of purply- col-onial -origin and super structure, eteshlishing itself on the euper-emi neiit snrcrss of the two elder B3anks. The overflowings of thi cups of tire twvo elder B .nks, if we may judge from the enormnnus prelmiumsn their stock recpnvctivelv ftlches ini il mjnev_ilmarket, will, we feel cinfilciit, sufltie t.satisfv ii? l-ravines of the infantile appetite, of the New B.nk. It is eviident that it reiquire only to lie nbLt agoing to suC.eeed. In lieu of a newv Ink, the two ohl Baks mightpelrhllaps have added to their c;e' itls, alnd increaseIl their business. But tl:s mmlde,whlatever it migh have proved to the BaIks, was nit kol ,rod for tho pntlic as a dlivisimn of th- husi n-se; and tn increase of competition. In out opinion, threie or four nmaller Banks are cul h sailer for tlie pultli', lmid will tie also moutre al vantageous in every publi view, than t~io very large ones. It has been clearly' ascertained (within the last thirty years, that the Batik iof "Eltglailld is the secondGovertnment ; an imperiurnm in imperih ; nliyv, that it iftemi plays firs, fildle ,lhen the heal tiovernmen t is out of tuie. And ulhlinogh our Batlks here are not ye' lmail to ithe_Biliik of ELgland, yet it dles lini. wee think, require any larie snaire of dim'ct r!i itentc to pereiv'r in the fin.inmeitl portion of lie s?ipet.hes al the late Public Mleeiinige, that if nor Ba.lis In not at present play Bluirkl', iowni fihle,, i. i-y are giving him sione liroamdish uli's, that it will lie rnecessary for him to lei thlini luve ia scrape soon, or they will come " Njichbi,,s Bh3idle" over hin. In short, we Sittpet tilv '.ne,who lttends the councils of lthe B3ili?-ii2i1Teir 1 tk-a-Is-iis alreaildy -ill -i-ver tiercetivtl Nicholas-'s ghost faintly riving where thie Diperp rs sir. Our Sydn'v Jacksoii, lik.* him iof \' .,shtiin?Ln, has got all the sitler ; anil our Sylniev Btlldies begiin to lm.ike a nloi-e abiout it. le adlvise our Andrew, thlereforel, io min)d wihit hit .is iailai', or lie will certainll rier le Biidiledl or diddled. \'e aillni thiat our 13iliiles have not vet Ill otted.l ng :ist our Alidretw.-Th-ey-hlahve liin no t(.mlatdiO i at Ipresearl. Our Aiindrew lever :*mis:ed our Bidiles witlh ithe great eclonial tre.isoni e lhcs', II- has that ii his own kee?p iner. Am\iilr.w of t,?aslmingtoni trihteil his Bit I-I wimt his t easure chest; iwhen, findling himi rising'/ir?l.ve, he itok it away. But our Sydinet [i;li.,. tver uItim our Aniidtl ' team Irellr'. 'Thl treallrit. i?s rtl /hey rrtrat '[Thmv bie-in miot it, h, " firt .,,i , ited .si.h leidimig th?ir owe fumndi (co Ii0sl'iha oIf their iVl on)na file capital, and i ..r lii oif Ih-ir tlir isits), at 11 per cent. or tl.ire'ahns,?:. lent they wfifi our .Anilre'i's tree ur, to l:nii I o t oIti -; or at mill eientt, lo lie the htlutoii of their .lii-s, a a inest- eg;g, to be useil ii ciee Of dlanger. \- -1'iidrop :iame-s.mml- asnileihvO.,-whatt.grsoundi let iii ~o-k, wiltI (lGovemrnoir B.ilerke his jutifiel in h'i:i i lle puhli ,pecine to omur aianks slihoull they a: k for it!? W'lI t hi.s , as Go rert.or, as the Representative, not ofJlnomiey corpora lions, mnur any oilier corpratimnii. scient fi-, moonetery, or religious, libut of the King, as the prutccto!r of all HI. mA. suljects equally, hilt more particularly of the igioiraitt and the l p.ir, whio are always, iii every cotmnmiuniily ,iiiTje.r riesn toý,-much-in- rre--Iiwr-irtrr fr;,;p of their richer and,! mire knowing, fellow iulj clis; what hals lihe to du wi our BTanks P IV.. ask, wlial is it to the, King or his reprte e'ntl:ive, ti.ai our on Illiinks rledell sr. fleti i to? iat too scunty ait supply of smtecie in tL!.-ir eimi;ors llt cmemtr contiimKiitl cl- ? W ;i'li. \- err tlM il, ?-ii.- a-te-t le yi-y-privilegell-au -t'ri--y-t-,r-tiitttirtr-lent -tc- ore-t lhan-tny-olter ir 'v.ie fi in or co-parttelry r Certainly no'. I )ir two it inks comisat of two, private limas or ci parl tiets hips, whio hlalvig at d(livers imnes club? le ,lld * t iih r th ir e i ir sitrl e I 1s of pii ds, iari y o(i I u itness-as-lmnkcrr, ialto in stimne Ineim s'ir ? a- dealtri ill, tlihoug h not inakers of, gild a il ailver plate, goltl anii silver bulli.iin, atilt ,olt ,idiil evlr s .coins of all khimils. There its iO. _Iiigl ll li.l)reveli tthiese twVofiI_nlor n pirtnllerT. frollml adding a trade ifany Liiind to tii irt l.,tiki:ng pursuits, provided th.ry agree im.onl, tihin" ii ve . 'fIlley ared t Iii riy, so far a, thIe lair is crencerued. to ailt to their \- litiai gi ,, huiisiness 6 ,ew-wh-ilinglshipl, mir to iliipr't goodil fron China, Calcutta, or Loi tlitn, eitlitr tIl their owm acemunnt, r ais. ag-nIs .i1l hbrlokerrs; or to lity lanld a:mId sIt el, lIudI ,?a!i tii Ih.,ir Ilt ilaness eltenlsive fl it ks tio sheepl iit 1 th:t. (i Ut 5i'e'-. tl . W ih Tir'tii- n s T oi-- . li :ve ito rlm r-il im, itll bnre as tilklitn il i to the uintr-tr'-he ;rotennmntln4 -and -ltre- sl -lf--;il- Cmm, stilcliiee itn its eyes, and ill the evris of onu .1IId.Jres, as wirthy Jack V1nchli the dealer ill p lliiii., otrais holimest Beti uitn| hiii |litter, .,it thel \Wterloo frulit \srllrtliiism. mh, our tius Btiks i~iT.i butirteml, especially hlie chler, we were ufraii for mh .tlo, but iIIt o ihei. tNow we mc re afraid, mlimt for thimn, hItt -if ilh i. i. 'Tiey are got too Iarce nitl imn ;muuote I'elr thire (otirnmentGl ad thle ublic. P1he" ctinioriae a great iteal ol tmliit iii their m'. -em-'-iusmm-immi ml liim ral athii ipi idital force, imm ti"! i ,il h ioIte olit if duoors, and tlfi?se' oulmled wiili rlmllti.y, lltmkes tlhellm danglerous mo ptuliim freemhlt; iits may perhaps tie eemi if we all ve tim ti: ho;thlih. Fmir ourselves, hIaml -"a dhe pIrstuiL t i,.;ernmnent mnay lie, it is still hIe .-(miii-c1lmntit -of the Kiing ot E-ilaliml ,in tlle 1i iish Parliam netlit mn i Ih"-relnee i i .imly Nichlasl?-Bil3lt'-le-uork Imetweeini olir ULliks ii 1 thIme (iverlir, Wte w shill lmoiLt mimr 6standarmll i IifVolir of " Bourke anid gohl.'' If it lie said by ithe B.nmks, " itov.calii we keep" hleCie inll our chest wh.im the wlimle of it go-m , tb-h lmi- oi thv-eo-inisi-tim-ile [Ridilel? II mmiTs'l g'ieertntienti may reply," woo ml you ilmmvm7l~r. Ilidd-ll Iake your pajier ar ii it iveret tse-ing's c-silt P \\\'m1omil youthave min nim tIme (ivenor Ctt a treichierotis if nlimt a treasomnatml- hart Imy -i&iltg; vouri ltvio B iIks, which are now mere priv.mle fi ll, intmi a sort of partlerlhili, by m lkoiicifll itllig y?,ur noutmd as if tlhey wrre the Killm'ts cii P Wi:hy do ymiu not preserve wiii ictdevilatilig rigour. a Iprlper proportion of eie i your tTcoffl-rs lto over yo)ir issues ? S\\\'ietii lih spetie is uniexpeclellly demauideld, vbimy lili busy nore, amd immlinemlialtely eonlltriie \oi iscountl!?at whlio compeld you to discuini; Itills weekly to your p)resenmit_untlmlt? \\\'lhat i ,u vyouir owi interest iltlhhi a yon to Ildicolunt Ii;l immllit islsue paper at all? DIid the Govern nent ideiIre y?iu to do so? If it mdh, showv us ,our cihrmete If ott the 'comllrary, you, like oilther p ivate ilndlliviia'sl or firmlns, chonose tI sl?eculate largely in p?aler moneyi , asin take all risks, ii tlh mi-; but do Iinot iume to mtse iViht olir cttolplints when things happen to go mv|°r|il. As well ,ighllit any otlier firm thlat hiave -nt-rriitd;;d-t"ak'mie to lenld thein the pulihe miiitiiy, is nou. The puhlic money is ilepo. dieLw? _ Irle to .llll y m lhmegreei and tirini Ihl.miilyl iilmiln t liitll ICeohi e ili isistresi t Y7-u, mithelr nii mecoutlt f m.yur umbliers, nor your rak, mnor )oulr wemhth, are entitledt to one jut umnrct tosi?tderiitin fromn;i;e lthia al ay ollther imeaL \--.mtil lIt' t, tantmlitg -or -shmij .?pit m Iiing _hin .NPuei ,ini i \ 'alea s ? -I to ot rkutnwlwhldge you us ., pttdlic hIIt I Yo liV"t''·i-- fiil cmltistitutet , Shlouldl ,otill ,alttmget h r?i, the (iuvem'tiimttmmm li-is sedi. ,',imtchli ti sipply" thlle-vLctlmcmy whiclh utill be .ii e;stluticd i llthe tlottey liimUik' t hty ihi, grit ttul cli.?pelaranice of ytlur paper. You mtay , lufIer a loalmB opZrlitis ihifby,? ut tlifpubli vill lose nothing. They will gainP Tihe mo ney being then all speeir, will ise in price ; and b1od clothing rent nld wgaes, till ill fall proportionately; and thius greatly henefit the pirodtlttive industry of the country." This we trust will-he the nlaguage of our J-.ckon to--our- Nicholas-- Biddies, .when ithe-days of financial contention draw nigh. In - the meanttims,twe'heartily approve of a third Bankin.g whop. so lung as paper money shall constitute the " circulrting" mediun" of New South VWales, which it imust do for some rmne to come," unless the--American panic come over tile water. Competition is gund in -l|t-respecetse. It-is.gosaJl.for trade ; it .. good to.ltrnmote huluility:ull civility, and to depress lnalglatyloks ; it is gootld for the Governor it is go.d for the people ; it is good for pulh Ile freedom; itis. good for the Ptaes; it is. good for every thitng. 