TU ESD A Y , JU N E 2 4 , 1834. — 0— L i b e r t i e s o f t h e L a u d .— The immunities, of every class, that are en-' oyed by the people of this country can have no better bulwark than the spirit, rectitude, penetration, and independence o f a British jury. Tl is an institution sanctified by the experience of centuries, and that man can be no friend to the best principles on which society has beenfixed, who would attempt to unsettle its authority, abridge its functions, or degrade its character. The feelings of Englishmcn'.are fotlunately not regulated by any blin I deference to the mere dictates of power, and the fiat of those who rule them has, in the present day at least, to gather its chief force from the moral tjfecl of public opinion, rather than the merciless will o f the powerful few. — ■ We copj the following gloomy picture from the Tasmanian ‘‘ The time is rapidly approaching when absolute w a n t will be jell in this little island, loan extent which few suppose l could ever be the case It is however invariably so in all countries dependant upon external supplies fo r ood, tt'e have before us instances of suffering which are exceeded hardly in England Numerous are the families where lhe cry of children Jor bread, can be only answered by the tears o f the starving parents. Heally if something he not speedily done for the relief of the oor, we must expect to hear not only of many deaths by starvation, but of perons committing crime to satisfy hunger nd want. Bread is already set enence per loaf! I f some foreign suplies of wheat or f i h i do not speedily in d their way to the Colony, the conseuences wilt be most alarming. W e have received a letter from a Corre*p"ndent, complaining of Hit* conduct of a Pul on Constable, in having incarcera’cH him in (ho CT&lch-iiCU;'C* on (lie pica of dronkenne«s, and ^wearing to it* the next morning before Mr* M ««on, he being fit the live he was token per. fectly sober. Our Correspondent being (na<ura Jly) very warm on (lie subject, wcd-r.!ine in ­ serting his loiter i out we roust ssy thai from what lias fallen under our notice, we are fearful that the dreadful crime ofpr rjury is rapidly on the incfeasv. We think th*?e complains might he lemvdit’d by appointing an Imppctor, whose dot* should be I t see that p«r(i«*s detained fur drunkenness are actually in that condition. It gruiifies u< to 5f>Cwk well of the pre* sent night watch gent raliy. blit we do think (hat in minor ca^ts, where known respectable irid’vidoafs are concerned, come degree of ur* barmy might be shown. \----* An Early Morning in London- —The streets were kept rtlive by a sort of beings, who, like the owl, hide themselves during the day, many of whom appeared rather to belong to the other world ; poor, puny, half grown, sickly looking creatures, instead of lho fine robust active, lahourtrs whom one meets at a similar hour in (he country. Here and there was to be seen a slip e.hod maid down upon iter marrow bones washing tile steps before the d"orf and ogling the driver of the dust cart or neighbouring potboy on his morning errand for the pewter. The busy Strand was almost deserted ; now and (Inn a "crazy jarvy passed slowly along, while a hurrying iitail, with a drowsy driver and sleep'ng guard, rattled by to deliver their carfio ot the post- office. At the corners of streets leading off, and at several lamp p tsts in the line, shivering crowds of wretches were to be sren huddling round the stove which boiled the water to sopply the early sired breakfasts, the tables of which displayed a ’ most uninviting meal of boiled ditch-water, and brown sand for sugar. ^ G h o s t s—Ghosts commonly appear in the same dress they were when ):v:ng,. though they are sometimes cioxlhcd oil in white ; but that is chiefly the church yard ghosts, who have no particular business, but seem to appear pro bono publico, or to scare drunken rns'.ics from tumbling orer their graves. Dragging chains is not the fashion of English ghosts, chaiiiijand black vestments being chiefly the accoutrements of foreign spectres, seen in arbitrary governments. Dead or alive, English spirits are frer;- ' The Phansegars in the Deccan,—The Phansegars are a caite who live by murer and plunder, in which they seem o have an hereditary delight. One an, who’turned K-tig'a evidence against is brethren, confessed he had joined a patty who, during the fortnight before, his capture, bad murdered l6 indict uals. The women appear to he as ctive as the men and to glory in the work of blood. One favourite mode «f Phansegaring is to place a woman in ome secluded spot, who by a tale of pity and helpneaness induces the traveller to offer his protection, often to receive her on his horse behind, and while thus journeying the intirdcuas (lings the fdtal noose round her benefactor’s neck, throws iuisilf on the ground, and drags him with her: accomplices, ever ready, rush oni,‘,and he is soon dispatched. 