TO THE EDITOR OF TIIM SYDNEY TIMES. Sir, — Amongst t he all engrossing topics with which the Sydney Journals have lately teemed, 1 have been more than surprised that the circulating medium of this country has not occupied a prominent station. The insubordination question seems to have taken such firm possession of the purenl glands of our worthy citizens, that I tear nothing less than a Cock- lane Ghost, or some other equally grave subject, will diveit tbeir attention ; tberetore I tear a discussion on so trilling a subject as the curr-ncy ol the Country will la: addressed to deaf ears. Nevertheless as it appears to mc rather an essen tial point, that in a mercantile Country there should be sonic representative of its products, I shall trouble you with a few ot my lucubrations. It wilt be lor vou or the public to judge whether this subject, which appears to mc ot the most vital importance to our well-being ax a country, is worthy of a second thought. My motive for endeavouring to bring tlii, subject before the public, is for the sake ol eliciting fiuts, and thus place them lie fore our rulers, who lor some years past have vied with each other in adopting the lutest visionary scheme of political economy. 1 he wealth of a nation consists in its productions, whether natural or artificial, and in the productive la bor ot its ir habitants. The wealth of the mercantile part i f a community is produced by the more or less rapid transition ol tluse productions from one indivi dual to another. Mercantile transactions perfoimed by barter are slow and unsatisfactory, therefore a circu lating medium equal to at least one third of the annual income of the country, is neeessiirv to represent its pro ductions, and to (irss from hand to hand as a symbol of the intrinsic value of the things bought or sold. In an old country like our native land, it is highly ncccssarv from its inter-coninicrcial relations with other countries, that this circulating medium should represent a standard value, whilst its intrinsic value ran seldom sink beneath its standard. But in a young country like this, where bullion is and must necessarily be for some time to come very scarce, why attempt to adopt this rule of political economy which can only apply to a community of a larger growth. At present ti c circulating medium is clearly inadequate. Witness the bill system which is carried to a ruinous extent. It was in General Darling's time, that the arbitrary depreciation of tbe current y commenced ; it would have been equally good policy to have fixed a certain price for bread, meat, or any other necessary, or to have es tablished sumptuary laws. The latter have been I'cui d practically injurious I'roni the earliest times of tie Re man Republic down to the present. The instant cs are too numerous to mention. The former has now fully proved itself to be injurious in the present day. The depreciating or rather fixing a low price to the currency has driven it out ot the country ; and there is now a vast portion of unrepresented property in the hands of the community which can be only represented by bills, or remain a caput mortuum, whilst un ov( r circulation of paper has often proved worse than no circulation at all. Why should dollars or rupees be considered in any other light than articles of merchandize, which may find their relative value in circulation, as well as a bale of wool or a ton of oil ? Would not the impolicy be self-evident, and the outcry immense, if an Act of Council were passed limiting the pi ice of wool to Is. pel lb. It will be objected wool is a raw material or a sta ple commodity, and not liable to the same rules of eco nomy as bullion. To this I answer, bullion in vyhatever shape is also a staple commodity, and not liable to such extreme fluctuations as any other article of commerce, and therefore the more proper to represent those articles in a small and convenient bulk. Or if a nominal value were affixed to dollars and rupees in circulation, t his i would not give them an intrinsic fixed rate, but their value relative to mercantile commodities would always vary according to their mercantile value, so that there could be no fear of their interfering with the standard. 1 do not wish it to be supposed that I am unaware of the importance of a standard of the circulating medium, and the benefit of a criterion of value throughout a country. But I do not see the policy of starving myself to death because I cannot always have turtle. Nor can I persuade myself that paper is belter than bullion.— "Without any circulating medium equal to one- third of such income of the country commerce generally falters. And yet under this serious inconvenience, the trade of Australia is extending itself. What would she not do if her facilities were incn&sed; ; and would not her com mercial relations with India and China be extended, if the coin of one country were current with the other ? A coin common to both countries would be HJke a-QOni- mon language, the means of facilitating intercourse. 1 remain, your's, &o.; 5 ILEX) 