\- '- ?'., - ; ..... .-.. ;., ? :.==? . J- ? TFrom a Correspondent.! ? ?' . With reference io the letter, Tsigned 'J. Bryan,' in your Journal of last week, itmay not be inapt; to quote a passage in the life of Napolean Buona parte, i-yvith the remarks-offered by the historian. Hesays ' thisyear(18]0)preseritsmanyinstances of the rapid advance towards despotism in Na poleon's Government. The ? decrees, to prevent the introduction of English merchandize, wer.e English .Exporter. .Eight state prisons were' es- , tablisbedin different parts of tbe'Empire. 'Tt, ?was declared, that there were many person's in France accused of crime's against the State, -whom it; was neither «{/e to liberate, nor bring to trial. .The decree for registrating.all domestic servants of both sexes exteiidedin its operations to masters ; aridi/te intercourse it opened with the Police, af forded, an, opportunity for placing all the families of Paris under a species of espionage, or menial.' inspection.' Wonderful coincidence ! ! ! . Our text needs. ho comment; However, it is ^vell known that all the historians wlio write about the* period we have mentioned greatly .exaggerate. . Again, 'the Press was also subject to a rig-id system of censorship.' Now we rather approve ; of .this censorship than otherwise j and we do so' on, a certain 'principle. We boast of tbe liberty of, bur't Press, at the same time- no one corinected with a' newspaper sits down to write an. article - butjie i trembles for fear some bflicious' meddling fellow might say it is libellous, arid thereupon, involve , all concerned in total ruin. And this, too when no one knows anything distinct about this .said Law of Libel. - If people 'are to be crushed and punished, at least let.them have the. satisfaction of. knowing before-hand, what cpn-? stitutes their guilt. If a man steals a watch, or assails another, he knows the consequences, but not so when sitting down to write. How much, better then ' a censorship, which prevents the ruin, of families, than like a tiger pouncing upon, his prey unawares, and tears him limb from limb. If he roared at a distance he might be. heard and! avoided ; die censorship gives warning, bur free Press none, and, pur lawyers;have not, and can not, afford us any visible beacons by which to teer clear ; yet we must suffer without any pos sibility of relief.' So much for 'our free 'Press I And this noble freedom of our Press allovvs the minions of power to select their, prey, suffering the most criminal, (if we may be allowed the ex pression); to escape, whilst tho minor offender s severely handled. For instance, the late unfortunate .Proprietor of- the Colonial. Times, Mr. Bent. We have made the above obser vations, not :but that wo consider all restric tions on the 1'ress, where public men are con-1 cerned, as injurious to tlie public interest, but. that of two evils we would choose the least. When upon this subject, and as the delineation seems very apropos, we shall endeavour to amuse our readers with the ' The English character,'; as given by a celebrated writer, ' The spirit of contradiction seems to be the character of. the English nation. They love to be at -war, but do nnt InvA 1i\ i\tm fnr t!if» !imiiqnin(-tit t :lll(i wllnn they are at peace, they begin to complain that the newspapers are not worth reading', and rail at their enemies as if they wished to begin again. They boast of the freedom.of their Press, yet ast surely and us systematically punish Che author who publishes anything they consider obnoxious, and the bookseller who sells it! They cry out with vengeance against intolerance, yet they, in flict the severest .penalties on those who think love liberty, yet go to war with their next neigh bours, because perhaps they choose to become Republicans, and yet insist upon their own rijjht of enslaving the negroes of Africa. They liutc the French, yet ape all their fashions ; ridicule . their manners, yet naturalize them ; laugh at their inventions, and then adopt them ; cry out againsttheir political measures,. and then imitate them ; the levy, en masse, the telegraph, and the income tax, are all of French origin ; and to con clude, tbe common people, not to be behind hand wit b. their superiors in absurdity, boast' as l\eartily of the Roast Bbef of Old England, as if they were not1;hemselves obliged to be content with herrings and potatoes. The rare compound of contrarieties introduced in the beverage of the English people is truly emblematic of its real character.' Wo may add that there exists another charac teristic of the English uation, -which is passed unnoticed by the above ingenious writer. With all our boasted indepeiidenco of spirit, we speedi ly fall into despondency and despair, if tyrants persevere in oppressing us. Weexolaim,' what is the use of resisting, you see them (meaning tbe tyrants) have it all their own way, remonstrance is vain, and resistance useless.' The oppressors .-know this, and try to exhaust.our patience. We may safely say, that if the French revolution had not intervened, Britain had by this time been a nation of slaves. Its ghost has partially saved IIS.- /.?:???'-. ? ? : ? '? ?'.-.? 