THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY MONITOR. Church Hill, March 12th, 1834. SIR, THE AUSTRALIAN of March 10th has condescended to notice a Society of men called the Sydney Me- chanics' School of Arts. In the opinion of the Edi- tor's, this lnstitution has reached that degree of stability, which entitles it to the dispassionate consideration of the Press. If however, they had in reality thought proper to take a dispassionate view of this society, assuredly they could not in justice have made the statements, nor adopted the con- clusions contained in their luminous expose. In direct opposition to the Editors' declaration I assert without fear of contradiction, that there is no exclusiveness nor narrowness of combination, either in design or action, of the Institution. lts object is, to place in the way of men inducement to acquire knowledge; to lay before them motives that may lead them to aim at qualifying themselves to advance in the scale of intellect, and to take a higher stand in the ranks of Society. The means by which this is endeavoured to be obtained, is by the persevering culture of the mind, and the acquire- ment of skill in the various professions to which they are devoted; and the higher are the attainments of its Members, the more completely will the in ten- tions of the promoters of the Institution be realized, If indeed, the pecuniary resources of this Society were as unlimited, as are the views of its origina- tors, there would be found no reason to call in question their liberality, or to stigmatize them with upholding narrow and selfish views. Upon what declared act does the Australian found this charge? I certainly little expected an attack of this nature, all the fears I have hitherto heard expressed, have been of a directly contrary tendency. The ad- vantages proposed to be derived firom this Establish- ment, are not confined to any class, or denomination of persons. All are equaly entitled to share in the benefits it is so well calculated to dispense, and if means should be in possession of the Institution, every inducement will be held out to men of talent, and skill, to engage as instructors. It would be a source of unfeigned delight until this can he accom- plishedl, if Gentlemen who have devoted themselves to the acquirement of the Arts and Sciences, would voluntarily step forward, and graciously assist that Institution for which at present no remuneration can be given; it is also one object of this Institution, to provide as soon as possible every kind of appara- tus, and all useful models, connected with Scielnce or Art for the Members. And in addition, I must state, that the foundation of a Library is laid, which I doubt not in time will vie with those which have now a more imposing aspect. There is not in the principles on which this Society is founded any idea of exclusiveness; it is not confined to any class of Society. Like the temple of Truth, its portals are unfolded widely, ready to receive all who may be induced to enter, whose character and conduct give them claim to consideration. The Editors ask, who are the actual managers, the seven or the thirteen? How triumphantly and insidiously is this interrogatory put? But it can be as trim- phantly answered. The entire body without distinc- tion. And in all-coming time, I trust it will so con- tinue; yet how short-sighted are the querists: for the President, Vice President, Treasurer, and Secre- tary, are all non-operatives, and form by virtue of their station an integral part of the Committee. And in addition to this, when influence and a com- mand of time are taken into consideration, it will be found on which side the preponderating power balances. It is devoutly to be hoped that the Members of this Institution will, as they have hitherto done, form one harmonious whole, and prove to the world, that "Union is Strength." Not as suggested by the Australian, the union of one class; this would indeed prove to be only a rope of sand; but a firm and compact bond, encircling all; and uniting them in one determined effort to improve and instruct the minds of the rising genera- tion, lead them through the peaceable path of knowledge to objects of higher import, and induce them to abandon the sordid vices which in this Colony are so prominent, disgraceful and injurious. Where then exists those narrow views, or illibe- ral sentiments? Where is to be found the exclusive system, that would restrain the advantages proposed to one class only? Away with such idle notions. No where have they existence except in the brains of Editors of the Australian. I shall now venture to make a cursory remark remark upon the allusion made to the Steam Com pany. I well understanid its import, and the objec- tion made by the writer, on a proper occasion I shall not shrink from defending. The remarks I then made, would now however be out of place. Nevertheless, I must be permitted to ask, whence is it gathered that the co- operation of the higher classes has been contemptuously rejected? most as- suredly not from the practice or professions of the Members of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts? look to the list of its members; --to its offi- cars; -to its attentive Committee. Examine all dispassionately and then if you can repeat the falsehood that the co-operation of the higher classes is contemptuously rejected. Here then the Austra- lian's laboured article is stripped of all pretensions to the consideration of the public. I do not envy the writers of this article --it is not unfair to con- clude what is their object; it can be nothing less than to set at variance the different classes of so- ciety, who if they rightly understand their best interests, will ever remain united -They are not the defects of the Sydney Institution which they have combatted but an airy nothing the creature of their own imagination. However just some of the re- marks may be in themselves, they have no bearing on the Institution they seek to injure; as far as that is concerned, all they advance is mere froth. But it is possible that a key may be found to this production of the Australian. I presume the independent Press, or its ghost, may haunt its editors in their sleeping or waking dreams. Who told them (not the Prospectus I am certain) that it was in- tended to advocate the peculiar interests of the labouring class or any other class? Let them not lay the haltering unction to their souls, that the scheme is abandoned. Your great judgement and forethought, Messrs. Editors, for once mislaed you; -be assured that in all convenient time such a journal will appear, when I trust its extended views, and liberal sentiments, will be seen and acknow- ledged, and entitle it to the support and appro- bation of the community generally. It only remains for me to say, that however great may be the imperfections of the School of Arts, or however presumptuous the intention to give to the public an independent journal may be considered by the Australian, there as no connexion between, or dependance of the one upon the other, although the Australian is pleased to suspect such connexion. "I shall now take my leave by stating, that the un- called for and unmerited attack of the Austrialian, at once determined me to unmask its pretensions to accuracy, and place in a conspicuous point of view its unblushing disregard for truth. I am however unwilling that this necessarily hasty production should call down censure upon any person except the writer, if he should be thought to merit it, or in anyway injured the Institution it professes to de- fend. I therefore unhesitatingly avow, that I am alone responsible for all that is contained in the present communication. Trusting to your liberality to lay before the public what I have wrtten. I am, Sir, Your's very respectfully, RICHARD HIPKISS. 