POLICE REPORT. The following police report of a case which was tried at the Mansion-house in October last, will serve to amuse the reader, and as an example to the justiciary in this island, of the practice pursued in similar cases at that great fount of police perfection, before one of the first and most successful chief magistrates of the city (Sir Peter Laurie) who has yet sat upon that bench:-- William Bonteflein and John Clarke, the one a violin player, the other a horn blower, were charged under the following circumstan- ces:-- A police officer stated that as he was walk- ing in Moorfields, the defendants, who were accompanied by two other musicians, a bass violincello player and a flute player, stopped to perform. The moment they struck up a crowd collected, and two Irish labourers, who were half drunk, kicked off their brogues and began to dance. The dancing caused a great- er crowd, and at length the street was com- pletely blocked up. The witness thinking it would be less dangerous to attempt to check the nuisance by expelling the musicians than by interfering with the Irishmen, requested that the former would shift their quarter, or, at least, play some slow tune that would not be so likely to innoculate people's heels. This request, however, seemed to inspire the sons of Orpheus with greater spirit and energy, and they scraped and blew in such a manner that the whole crowd, men, women arid child- ren, set to "Shuffling and shaking their dirty duds'' As the horn blower made the most noise the policemen went up to expostulate with him seriously, but, instead of making any impres- sion upon him of the right kind, received such a salute to convinced him that there were more ways than one of sounding the horn. On re ceiving the blow he, of course; laid hold of his assailant, and both defendants fell upon him and tore his coat. The music, thereupon, sud- denly stopped, and the Irishmen danced off to the next public house. The Lord Mayor --Did they positively cause an obstruction? for if they did not you were wrong in preventing them from playing, as it is their way of getting bread and keeping themselves from the lazy ignominy of a poor house. Thc officer said the obstruction caused by the Irishmen, who certainly would not have danced but for the music, was very great. Nobody could pass without getting a kick on, the shins at least, or perhaps in the face; they capered so high -- (laughter). The Lord Mayor--Well, defendants, what have you to say to this? I have not the slight- est objection to your trade, but I can't allow you to obstruct or to beat my officer. The horn blower declared that the officer assaulted him first, and assured the Lord May- or that there was no obstruction caused. lt was true the people began to dance, but that he considered to be a good effect of his music, which never failed to enliven and invigorate even those who had hungry bellies. He had travelled through France and was convinced that music made all the difference between that lively people and stupid John Bull? (laugh- ter). The Lord Mayor--How long have you been street musicians? The Horn blowers -- Ten years my Lord, but we pick up very little. Although we are able to make a crowd shake their heels till they oil the ground, we can very seldom shake any thing out of their pockets? (laughter). The Lord Mayor -- You must get this offi- cer's coat mended. The Horn blower -- I offered to mend it my- self but he wouldn't consent, and I think his object was to get the very thing he refused to let us earn out of us -- money. The officer declared that he could not take money from an itinerant musician, who. in his opinion, was very little above a ballad singer or a beggar man. The Horn blower -- That's because you have no ear for music. I've blown men into a good humour, but whatever way you give him the horn, it doesn't signify, he's dissatisfied -- (laughter). The Lord Mayor, finding that the officer thought nothing of the awkward manner in which he was made to contribute to the sound of the horn, desired the defendants to get the man's coat mended in a proper manner, and discharged them ...The. correspondent of .a Dublin paper (Stewards Despatch), who has lately emigrate ed to the, New World, makes the following' truly/national reflections on the naen and man- ners, h.e.has seen there.. Some pf his strictures dut- Trollojppe Mrs; Trblloppe herself :rr ? The Canadians resemble the French, Wanting the polite ness, for which the; latter; are so very conapicuous,butreUining every other i bad quality. t < The Yankees are principally of English extraction, arid retain most of Hielr habitV They toe proud arid higli iii their 6wri egiibij; tion, ignorant, illiterate, and, forthe radstriai-i ¦'?¦¦ ariNWVofkVthe b'angers' 'afei'iibVeveii trustworthy. If yoi! pWt witfr a s'bv.eVe'ign 0V a guinea, youne vcr .will see even (tie'ghost bf lt again. ' '¦' ' ¦'"'' '" '" ";"'"' ic again. , , - ¦., ?! ? Ffouir; irie% &c.; rhiicTi'ihVSame'j lii't jtf gttitfM, f firewbdS '' arid .Jibuse rent are Mi t6';robrJe'ry.'. . ' ' ,' "? Thisis makifag very free!'wiw ttie land 0f freedb'hi. '- . ¦ . ' " ''! '.'" ,'; ¦,; '¦?"* hptfpKaL. ^hohadbeenbuchinjurerlby tile icr r, uuucr tv nu ie care lie 18^ IO amputate' tile indek finger, and$wq joints, from ,'(the.isecorifl antf third fing'fefs.'^Siewari's'Pes'p'atch; ;... From this jVrdiriising nccbtint it,wduhl' ap- pear that the' doctofs,are matting, a nate hana] of him. It is expected that he will soon be s0 completely restored sis to betaken before, the Lord Mayor and fined a crown fdr getting drunk. .That will friend him entirely. 