EXTRACTS. 'NenfMalone' is' a whimsical tale of a pugnacious tailor, out of whom marriage ' tukts the shine' in a marvellous manner. He has been induced lo wed at the instiga tion of a hen-picked schoolmaster, and the' following extract will display the results as well as the writer's comic power* :-— ** Neal one eveniug.mel Mr. O'Connor by chance upon a plank which crossed a river. This plank was only a foot in breadth, so that no two individuals could pass bach other upon it. We cnunot'lind words in which' to express the dismay of both, on finding that they absolutely glided past one anotlrer'withoiit collision. Both paused, and surveyed each other solemn ly ; but the astonishment was all on the side of Mr. O'Conner. ' Nenl,' said the sclioiilmnsif-r, ? by all tlie household gods, I conjure you '-to speak, that I may be as 'stirtd yo'u: live !' The ghost of a blush cn-sspd the churchyard [visage of the tailor. ? Oli :' ho -\\\clHimt;d, ?'?' why the devil did you tempt him to marry a wife?' * ^Jeal,' ssiid his friend, 'answer me in the most solemn manner possible — throw into your countenance all llie gravity -you can as sume: speak as if yon were under the hands of the hangman, with th« ropu about your neck, for the question is, indeed, a trying one 'which I sim iibotii to'put; Are you still ? blue moulded for want ofbeHt tttg ?' The tailor collected himself to make a reply ; he put one Ing out - the very leg which he used to shew in triumph to hi* friend; but, a Ins, how dwindled ! lie opened his waistcoat, and lapped it i-ound him. until he looked like a weasel on its lii:id, legs. ... lie then raised himself up on his lip toes, and in an awful whisper, replied,.' No! ! the devil abit I'ain blue blue-nioulded for want of a Imtin'.' The -schoolmxsiler shook his head in his own miserable manner ; but, alas ; he soon per ceived that, the tnilor was as great an adept at shtt 'king his head as himself. Nay, lie saw that liiere was a calamitous refinement ? a deJjcacV of nhuke iti the toilot'* vibrn tions, which gave to his own nod a very coinmon-piiice character. The next day the tailor lonk in his clothes; nnd from lime to time continV'pd to adjust them to the dimension.* of Ins shrinking person. The schoolmnsier and lie, whenever they could steal a moment, met anJ ..sympathised to gether. Mr, O'Connor, »»'-wever;. bor« «'P some what better thun 'J'feal.'-^ The lattt-r wasjsubdiied in heart and spirit; ihorougliljr, completely, aud intensely vai.qui-hed. His features became sharpened by misery, Jor. a termagant wife is the whetstone on cvhich all the calninilii-s of a hen-pickpd husband are pointed by the devil. He no longer* strutted ns ho was wont to do : he no lohirer oarneil a cutlgel as it ha wished to wage .a a univeiSiil buttle with mankind, lie was now a mnrried man. Sueakingly, and with a cowardly crawl, did he creep along. as if every step brought him nearer «o the gallows. The : sclioolinaster's march of misery was far slower than Nenl's : the latter distanced him. Before three years passed, he had shrunk up so much that he could not. walk abroad of a windy day without carrying weights in his pockets to keep him firm on the earth, which he once trod with the, step of a giant. He again sought the schoolmaster, with whom indeed he associated as much as possible. Here he felt certain of receiving sympathy; nor was he' disappointed. That worthy, but miserable mun, and-Nenl, often retired be yond the hearing of their respective wive*, and supported each other by every argu ment in their power. Often have they been heard in the dusk of evening, singing tiehind a remote hedge that melancholy dill}', ' Let us both he unhappy together;1 which rose upon thn twilight breeze with a cautious ijuavRr of sorrow truly heanrenil ing and lugubrious. « Neal,' said JMr. O'Connor, on one of those occasions, * here is a book which. I recon.niend to your, perusal ; it is called ' The Afflicted Man's Companion ;' try, if you can, and glean some consolation out of it.' 'Faith,' said Neal, 'I'm for ever obliged to you, but I tloii't want i*. I've had. * the AAlicled Mini's Companion' too long, and never an atom of consolation I can get out of it. I ' hsve one b' them, I tell yon ; but in tmth I'll nut undhertake a pair o' them. The .very name's enough, fur me.' They then separated. The tailor's vis vita must have been poweful, or he would huve died. In two yt^ars more his friends could not dis tinguish him from his own shadow ; a cir cuaistahce which was of great inconvenience to him. . Several grasped, at the hand of the shadow instead, of his; and one man was near paying it five and sixpence (or making a pair of small-clothes. Neal, it is true, undeceived him with some trouble ; but candidly admitted -thai he was not able (o carry home the money, it was difficult, u»deed,.for the poor tailor to bear what he (elt ; it is true he bore it as long as he* could : but at length he became suicidal, and often had thoughts of ' making his own quietus with liis bare bodkin.' After inntiy deliberations and tiffl;ciions, he ulti iTimely made the hi tempi; but,* alas! he found thai thu blood of the Malones refused to flow upon so ignominious an occasion. So he solved the plieiiotnenoii ; allhuugh the truth was that his blood was not ' i' llje vein for' it; none was to be had. What was then to be done? He resolved to gel rid of life by some process ; and the next that occurred to him was hanging. In a solemn spirit he prepared a selvage, and suspended himself from ihe rafter of liis workshop; but here another disappoint ment .awnited him — he would not hung. Sucli was his Jvvanl of gravity, that his own weight pruved insufficient to occasion liis de:ilh by mure suspension. His third at tempt was at drowning, but he could not sink; all the elements— all lii« own ener gies joined themselves, he thought, in a wicked conspiracy to save his life. Having thus tried every avenue lo destruction, and failed in all, ho felt like a man doomed to live for ever. Henceforward he shrunk and shrivelled by slow degrees, until in ihe course of lime ho became «so attenuated, that lite grossness of human vision could no longer- reach him. Thi«, however, couM not last always. Though still alive, lie u-as to all intents and purposes impercepti bje^ lie could now only he heard.; he was reduced to a mere essence — the very echo of human existence, vox ct preterea nihil. It is true the schoolmaster asserted ihnt he occasionally caught passing sTimpsfis of him ; but that wns because he Imd been himself nearly spiritualised by affliction, and his visual ray purged in the_ furnace of domes tic tribulation. By and by Nenl'd voice lessened, got fainter and more indistinct, until -at -length nothing but a doobtfnl miirmer could lie heard,' whicli' ultimately ing in the ears. Such was the awlul and mysterious fate of the tailor, who, as n hero, could not of coins die ; he merely dissolved like an icic/c, wasted into imma teriality, and finally melted away beyond the perception of mortal sense. Mr. O'Connor is still living, and once more in the fulness of perfVct health and strength. His wife, however, we may as well hint, has been d*nd more l.han two years.' Thoueh there is alumdiinfreofdis.mioii among ll-», we live in nn age of unions. At our late se»?iona it was annomiceil, that the gcnu-nieu of the hur have decreed amongst ihrnnelveg that two counsel innct he eniployed in each appeal. A MiiiHar deter mination, we understand, has boon come to by the itpssions bur at Warwick. At the last Wniick As sizes there was an ahsoluU'' strike' Hniong the Cpnilcmon of ihe long robe : 'the fees allowed by the county mn^istrntes were to counsel with briel'on each prosecution *1. Is.; nnd to ditto, with ditto, where more than live witnessie* are ii--ce.«»ury, £'-. 2*. , -fn all piospculinus the hnriistois deiuandi-d two guineas, and would take no'briefiiinde''. — - 1 lr, -,?- center Journal. ' AlisFORTUNE of a Sou int.— =A yoiin? woman elegantly attired, who gave her name Kliza Conk, whs charged on iMonday, with havin« assaultod Alariau Washington a young la^y of equally elejrant. appearance, residinj; at -14, York-square, Kt'Rent's ?lJ«rk.' Thq coinplainant, n veiy prett/ woman, with a Might obliquity of vision, ln-hi); sworn, statiul that on the prucedin*g day, ns nhe was ri'tiirniiig home from the l'ark. wore she had been taking an airing, she nun the defendant who suddenly drew hack as if some nlijpctof great iivcm'moi) had met hnr eye : but, after a inoinuni's nausu sli.- sprang towards her, and without tin? slight p.-j pro vocation, spat full iu her face. She expo^ttlated with her, mid inquited what she meant by adopting such a strange and unladylike, mode of salutation, to which the detVndant 'replied, with a countenance more expressive of anger than contrition. that she always made a strict rule to spit in tlie face of every squinting woman she met, as -h« coiiMilere-l it pxtrcmply unlucky to fall in witli si purson of that description: and, having given her this laconic ex planation of her conduct, she hastily withdrew. — shein return, pulled brr no=o, and torn her blond vn.il, which she tlmnght was .sufficient punishment. — Ordered to tinil bail. ? 