ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Important Correspondence between Josh.' Hudson, Esq. and the Member _ for Pon tefract. 'Lcadenlial! Tnp. Dear Jack.— I alias took you for a I 'trump, aiid t,o 1 iv riles to yon accordin»Iie. ' Now you see you know I don'l gel or- on common at the Tap, no hincl.ywigge! can get rich upon lush, so says I, i'll write arter ? a Govermentical siltyfulion, vicii aro jist ' the very ticket. Now you know i kno^ed ' Jolly well tliat there van coves in them are ' 0ffi9f1.nl cribs Which -vo.s totally inexpedi ent To the Piime consnrns in vicii they Was inhereted, so says i, why shoudnt i ' Moke fi iends and cut away,1 And git one ?*iff them nreministrial liockipations, which ' voud make me live like bricks.; so says A ' pal off mine, ypu Must have r Friend at ?court for loo do that are ; an't-I got one, ?nys i, too bee shure, there's My friend ?Jack, wot is 1 11 influence viili the king, cos he's In pf-i-lymint, i'll giv him the office Vur 'Toe gii Me into siimmat tslnp -up. So i Now writes to you to sny', that If you'll .git me Into llie ticsshury as ndinira', Or master of the rolls, Or prime -advokit, Or any Other govt'rmenlicul co'nsam what *omdever, which -I'lri fit for, i'll say your A ?out and out cove, blow me. ?J am Your's, &c.; &c.; &c.; ?And&c.; Hespectably., ' \- Josh. Hudson. ? 'MR. GULLY'S ANSWER. My Dear Josn. — I received your letter, ?and I know you are a trump, but every -thing here is done upon the cross, so much iibbiug, so much skillegolee, so much buy ing and selling, ami giving tip the slakes -without umpires, so much unfair play' in =»ll the 'Staud-up battles lu-re, that I'll be bound to be blowed, if I think that at present there's mucli chance of my being ?able to do any tiling handsome for you yet, 'but wait my' kid till I'm tlie primeer, and if ?you shan't be made the Chancellor of the -l£xchequur, muy 1 be hound to die, : -Your's, faithfully, John Gully. The jnte storm was not confined to cur niioren, but visited various parts of the ?Continent. The accounts afforded -us by ° the fferaWuf itit effects in London, were -v«ry in tore* ting. A lamp was broken on -London .Bridge, a weathercock on the top of a ciiy , church wai considerably bent, a ?liat 4vas nearly blown into the rivera and fin umbrella was turned inside out in St. i'aul'ii Churchyard— all -very alarming facts. Out the foreign correspondence discloses some ravages eAVcled by the slonn, which are unparalleled in the amount of the calamity inflicted. Prom Dresden, we learn that ' muny sentry boxes have -been blown down!' but, from Leipsic, we receive the melancholy intelligence that ' three trees were uprooted 'I' It is said that some of the foreign powers have'sent for ltolhfichihl, to ?? raise tha wind ,;' but, after such circuirslances, they may dis pense with his uisistancc. We regret to say that the storm lias not blown a single -iiume from the. pension list. Imitations ok Macmherson's Ossian; Wenaule^s Cssian. — It's werry liue 'to fued ! Rich is the taste of turtle. Wanhy i» wast! It likes to waunt of wirlue.— Wiew the glorious Moloch of the East ! it sheds its lustre o'er the soul, dispels the wnpour what niakes wacuum wenomous, and wariegates the wasty wegelable wale of winks! Moloch shines ^victorious; his wornal west, wermillion ; wile is the wice. of the vritals ! Yet how werry wenial ! Sound a woluntary wolley of woluptous ness : the wiand implements resound 1 The. wesper of woracity still'wibates on the ear. Sweet is the wolatile woke of the wotaries ! Not a westige shall, periah.- Peace! Peace ! Peace to the souls of the \vintht-rs ! Their deeds are deep in drink. Let them woyHgc on the clouds. Let them — hark! what wocul wolutno of a woice. is tliat? What wigorous -wisiun is thut ere? 'Tis Alicha«l ! the vender of we.nl. He rides likes a wam pire. The'wolcnno. is his weliicle. ;We hrmontly ho wows? ^'apid is the'ghost of JMiolmol! lie loves to get drunk at l\1k Rninbow. and smile through the U-urs of the sky 1 Ho no.w. descends. 'Tis done ! He comes to fill up llie woid with willies, nnd Wenablos with wolubility is wuat iti wictory but werry wornciousl Intholusoivont Debtors' Court, on Monday, o Mrs. Emily IMiipps wns sentenced to oight months imprisonment, for fraudulently contracting debts by deolaring herself to be a widou-, wliorcns slit1 hns a liusband UVin[r. She is not legnlly liable for pay meut of the dcbts- 