To TICT EDZTORroFnT15 SYDNEY MONITOR. SR Sydney. July 23, 1834. _ SIR, - - You have inserted, in your Number of to day, a scurrilous paragraph from the columns of -the-Herald;--you will,-of-course, give the following a corner s 'Twere worse tuian idle to follow the Heald in its already too long continued course. shall therefore bid it adieu.. fir the present, perhaps for ever, but not without frst wishiss1, it a much better and more humane cause to advocate than that of the wild denson-like cry of insubordination. - It is to he hoped, that the Editors of the Herald will no longer pollute their columns with scurrilous, insidious and visionary mat tor-the fabrications of a lew designing pert sons, and th . thhy will not-again descend from. 'hilt .hgh pinnacle of purity on which public writers should ever poise themselves, to the low vulgar and-grovelling- leveLwhence alone scurrility can he commanded at pleasure, and in great sbundanee. From that pinnacle of fair fame the Editors of the Herald have most assuredly taken a headlong thoughtless, fling, by having admitted a very scurrilous produe= Lion in their last Number; but, let us hope. they wjill retrace their -_steps, regain the post they hive so thoughtlessly loss, and never agsiiu past with it, except withI-nut the lose of their lives, Ail r. IFlitor-liut that of that mighty weapon. the pr, as itself. It were-n pleasure to argue a point in plain, honest, open, and manly terms; hlt it becsnmes loathsome. to do so, when either party opliteas gross abuse to the straight forward, plain languige of the other. The once general and wild visionary cry of "iuisthotdination," is' now no ntore.; it his ceased to exist iaiudis nryw used only in con nexion with the natnes of certain individuals, once its active, but now cautious, timid and supporters. 13u', it is gone I it is cone It is gone to hse shisades !!! and (ht, M11r. lEditor I -1 hope I shall not fall in 'with its ghost on my return o the wilds of Amisaii. Oh, indeed ldo or you must know, i'1r. Editor, that my couns trymen are much afraid of things supernatural, ansd believe that ghosts have the faculty of knowing those who in any wty have cross. d ihem in the paos of their wodshly career; and the said supernatural thintu would, of course, srec.igise in tisone-nf- those who had.caused its fliHlF raii this -side- tle gravej--and -in revenge ft igh en toe, if not unto-at least, half-wray to dea It. And if, itotwitshstanding your kind prayer, I shonild fall in til the s -id phantom,-- wita shall I do? Dut, just wait a Iittle,-and Irish sitasiJ -eI will 'answer n y own question. T'hen I will tell } ou--tow listen to te--I will -I[sill--iy George I will, ditect its course to hvesitr--rectinem. t repentattCe-roc-thle-way,.. and cheer it with the hope, that the giver of all things will pardon 'its past sins and transgres: iints-and 0o .perhaps the Editors of tili Hierald, and all other Editors, who either in 'tulsge in scurrlity themselves, or adtnit it into heir columnsi: which, in my humble opinion. is one and the sass;c thing. The write'r in the:lHerald of to-day appears to he in a deiced sort of pet ! Let is, for the siake of his inestimable hiealtF; hNope-that he -still indulge. his propenbities freely, which, between you and I stidl the world (it would not te generous, you know, to wish the thing to be made titre public) are not of the most ,letieate- nature. -- Vct, we cannot h:e'p pitying- the pour delii whoever they may be, as persons foiled in their fond, fond hopes tre ever angry on such occa sions, aid-' tis only fair, that such an one should be allowed to vent his angs r just as lie pleases, sMd as he-t stits his natural d~spositon-otlies iwise restraint niight kill him, nid wliat shouls -t wa= thear:,,d oýform, ýra.c,ýuýild "'ý.. 31*ý..x,ý.JY.§ l!4, tth. have to send to St. Giles, London, at an enormous expeise for a stock, which you k now will be spai id its during the life. timte of he worthy and chaste writer in question. To these few lines I bep to recommend that per-so aiis enariey; nayie-of-*e(tne-Csetiee to him, .and aJ atin to.-lis evidently- disap pointed mind after he shall have cleated the interior of his tiody (orportle, trom tlat viri lence end seurrilty which he so freely pours forth at pseseit. 13y George, one would imagine Ii s mouth the falls of Ni gars I and his elegant language the waters that roll down that diesd al as. But pshaw--alty have I compared twiolsiigs so diametrically oppcsite -+ach o-her ? Surely, I must hate been hinkipg - of somethinltg equhlly -pure as its e is ate{ s to which I have alludes1 sotne fair a-nit (haste one pethaps-well, he it so,for so indeed it ais ; siit certainly not of our chaste liii?, ohil lIr. Editiir, (scm vhiat a dread liuiglht httve thn' Eiitisrs of the Hcru/d fallen Fw-h-raf~egtfo iCs pe{ toi its tiasi-assi yet, they love ecs puhi 'ilriffr lndeesh they byve; I see dheni roll ott the' gout til; now they rest on their hatida twd ktees; agaist stsy a site its isild wotndec at thteir umira itdinta escape :they 1.ittgg'e.-titt non-oh,. tnts ? Ye a, istiesil I Well thatiks to.. a haind Prsosiidesce iliat liss saved tkesiigthitt Slthy sisiy ripest!; auid so they will, far I see Chetti toic, ,7ticr lF~iiRThgfket ott-i-le- ~ruriandting..tstlit wssi Ih its vild dijayravt'5 (heir eces sto hicavena ,ssit. its thtttacl of taskisig forgi'etiess forgive the the's, -ye --Powers .abiove I antI totgive them ye at this world as I do against twhiim they hase so lst ely-sinnetl, htv ltating admitted she foul produictitis agsainst sue in their coluoins, to which this let ter relates. Yotsrs Ohsedieuim I, An Atuthirised 11t28l HANG ER. 