NEW ZEALAND. The Joseph Weller, which arrived last night from Otago, New Zealand, has not heard any thing of the Alligator or Isabella, nor has Captain Snowden seen any vessels since his departure from Sydney. The natives are continuing their depredations upon the Europeans in this part of New Zealand, so much so, that Mr. Weller has sent up the Joseph Weller with as much despatch as possible, with instructions to send down two vessels to fetch up every thing on the settlement, intending to aban- don the same. The following is an extract of a letter written at Otago : " Otago, New Zealand, , " 28th September, 1834 " The schooner Joseph Weller, arrived on the 21st of September, all safe,—I be- lieve, through her timely arrival, our lives have obtained a respite of a few weeks, that is to say, as soon as the Lucy Ann, shall arrive, and the two Chiefs which went up in her shall return. They make no hesi- tation in telling us that they will murder us all, and divide our property among them, each man having made already his selec- tion. Since their return from Cloudy Bay, they have been so much emboldened by their success in plundering the white people there, and they take from us what- ever suits their fancy, such as our cloth- ing, and food off our very plates—help themselves to oil, in such quantities as they require, from our pots. They say white people are afraid of them, for great numbers of vessels have been taken and plundered by them, and white men killed, and Euro- peans dare not come and punish them for so doing ; and if they did come they ( the Natives ) would all run into the bush, where they would be enabled to kill all the Europeans; but white men do not know how to fight with a New Zea lander. We asked them why they wished to kill us? they answer with as much in- difference as a butcher would do, that it was necessary for their safety, for then " no one would know what would become of us !" We are under constant appre- hension of being burnt in our beds every night ; and of the Natives robbing and shooting those that remain, as they attempt to escape. Once or twice Tubooca, who is one of the worst disposed chiefs, and a hor- rid cannibal, came up with his mob with that intention, armed, but was persuaded to desist by the relatives of those chiefs in Sydney, until, the arrival of the Lucy Ann ; when after some consultation, they departed, having first endeavoured to pro- voke me to quarrel. However a fire they would have, and they burnt down a Na- tive's and European's house. The schooner, Joseph Weller, having brought the news that two ships of war were coming to New Zealand, to seek revenge for the murder of the people of the Harriet, surprised them a little; but when they heard the small number of men (nearly sixty), they laughed at the idea. Notwithstanding, in my opinion, that very circumstance has saved the Joseph Weller from being taken, and all of us from being massacred, the night after her arrival. Had those Chiefs come down that went up to Sydney in the Lucy Ann, all would now have been over with us, for as soon as it became dark, a great number of strangers crowded on board, under pretence of bringing women, when they began an indiscriminate plunder —some opening the hatches and going below—others taking whatever they could lay their hands upon, but were once more stopped by the relatives of the Chiefs in Sydney ; so you see everything is got ready for an immediate attack, and God only knows what our fates may be. We put great hopes in the statements which have appeared in the Sydney Papers, that two men-of-war were on the coast, and in all probability they will visit this place ; if they do not come here after having told the natives they would, and seek revenge if they should kill us, our fates will then be certain ! However we are all-prepared for the worst, and we are determined to die like men, and not give up the ghost with- out a struggle ! We are all well armed, and are determined to sell our lives as dearly as possible. We have petitioned the Go- vernor for assistance, but I am fearful that it will arrive too late to rescue us from de- struction. If you should get this letter, send down another vessel well armed with the Lucy Ann. I have only landed part of the goods from the schooner ; the remainder I return, and have despatched Mr. Snowden, in hopes that he may arrive in time to make arrangements for sending down two ves- sels to bring up all our property, as the whole of us intend to abandon the place should our lives be spared." 