'^HGTISlpEXlSA^Hi^ There are two estates in the market at present which formerly Rave the power: of rctuining Vix members' to' l'arliantent, but which, liavicg been deprived of Iliac .privilege l»y Schrdnle Avarc 'no 'J hese estates -arc A Id borough, in -Yorkshire; (lie possession of which enabled thu Duke of Newcas tle to return two Members for AldlVoioughand'tivo fi-r Botouuhinidge. ; and Stockbiidgc, .in llainp Bliire, wliicfi gave tlie Marquis of Westminster' the -control o'f that borough. The noble' Duke's estate will prohably produce £50,000 or iGO.OOO less than it would have done five years ago, and that of the noble Marquis about halt' that sum'. — Leeds Mer ? citrif'. ' ? ?_.?.-. ? - 'J'he following advertisement is fiom a Newfound land paper 6Y the lOjIi-ult. .'.' --Auction' — 'fo-inor- row, nt Twelve in the forenoon, if not previously redeemed', at 'the house; now occupied by Mi-j. Traverse^ tlie undermeiilioned articles, taken by ??di;.treJslfVirirent,'d'nefi-pni the Legislative 'Assem- bly of Newfoundland to ihe suh!ici-iber;'viz. one laifje desk, eoiitiiiriinj,' eiglit dinwors, filled ivitli a variety of books and papers, of every description ; one small ditto, itsed exclusively by tlie Speaker, and filled nl'ab Witli books and paperx, and a port-: folio of great value; the Speaker's chair, stuffed, and 'elegantly covered, with blue moreen; and nioiintcd wijh hiass; one large chair, stuffed slid '-superbly covered, and \vrll-aiid suhhtauiiallv built, used by the Usher of the 1} Jack Rod. A 'cocked hat, of superior quality, but now. a little shabby, worn by *tne 'Sergeant at Aims! ! Tlie Reporlei-'s -desk; two large atbves, with fuiineling; and bix covered fonnii, with a yai iety of other article's too teilioub'.to nie'ntioii— all very valuable. Terms made ??known on 'lKe'day of sale.— Mary TiaVerse'.fV— 'Sjieciuiitr, July ,19. ' ' ' ? '? ; T Ei.ection ron Bolton.— We ? undei itand ?that there is likely to lie a strong contest fora representative' 'for tlie 'borough of* liollon, ' iiV'the room of Colonel Ton-ens, v ho has ' resigned, in ?congequehee of his going out us Govcrnorof Aiu tralia. The preeent candidates in ihe field,' we -believe, are Aalitdn' Yate», Esq. (who offered at' the last- election), and . P. Ainswqith, Esq.,' of Smithies, near I'olton, the Inttor of whom has bur ' henrty good wishes for his fiiccess.— Preston Pilot1; Compensation' fok Xossks.— ^-A, French au-' thor saj», ?« M'licn 1 lost my wife, every family in the town offered me another;' but when I lost my! horse v no one offered to make him -good'.'-'/ \\-\ * J '? The ship Norfolk tailed on Sunday with con victs for Sjdney, but put back on Ttwsday,* -train' -apprchenMon that she was not seaworthy: She ?has since been taken ? into dock, to' have defects 'in' -lier rudder remedied. These ships are wlways engaged by Government upon sworn survey as to' -substantial fitness -for the voyage'. — Hampshire Tel ? egraph.' ' '' ' ? ; '- ? '.???? ';~-V-'-.'7 ^ ' : I ' We extracted fiom the London papers lately a ?tory'of a Lady in France hating given- birth lo a black and a white child, twins; a singular ' event ?of the 'snine. complexion hiipp.enedonTuesdiiy: last J ?in our own ' immediate'- neigh boiiiliood. On that day, in o house In ihe -wood ii^ar' Ualskairth, ai yonug woman was delivered of niale Iwins, one off Avliich was as white as European childieii' common- ly are at Ihrir birth, and the other of deciddy African dinginess. ' The white infant was still-born, r.nd the black one only lived a few minutes. Both l)abes'uerc hmicd in the coiirse of the day. The: -girl's sfoi y, wo ?uinlerslaiid, is, that' she saw a black nianin 'Diiiiifries* inniket, hticl was so struck = with his appearancn . that she could 'not help tinn ing' back. to1 gel' another peep at him. As we clon't feel quite inclined to lake* in this nccnuhti -oin selves, we have the less -objection to our rea-! ders 'doing so.— 'Dumfries Times. '.'? ... ^ ? ? ' ' : ' : Premature Intkhment.— There i» no doubt 'whatever that' xveU-auihenticated. instances are on; -record of persons having ' beoen unhappily buried i -alive when lahuuiiiig under a swoon, suppbged to ?he actual death. Lancisi, fiist physician to I'ope' Clement XI.', reports that, during tli« time of the ,. plague, many persons we're interred under the sup-i fiositionof their being dead, although -they had; reason to' discover' nftei-wardu that ? they were' ? buried alive. Vesaliusi the 'futir--r of anatomy, it' ??is well known, had commenced 'dis'jcctirig.a' woman! a ho had apparently died in an' hj8teiicu( fit, ulicn' he per ceivedfon ninkiiig the'first incisio'n,by her! motions and cries, 1 hat 'she «is 'still' alive. ' -The ?circiiinstaiice rendered him -sd'odloim in the tight! of his fellow countrymen,' that he via - forced -o quit' his native country , arid being 'shijiwiecked on tlie . coast of Spain* died of hunger. Mo\vard, in his' \--?work on prisons si}»,' I iiuvt known instances' where persons supposed to be' dead of the gaol fever,1 arid livought out for burial, on heing waeed .wilhh; water', ? have shown sig-ns of life', nnd soon after-: ward&r; recovered'.',' l)r,' 'Gordon, in his treaties on forensic Medicine, has oliscrvcd,- that'in cases ot ' precipitancy nnd coiil'iision, ns'in times of. public1 Bickne«s, the living have not mi frequently l»een min gled with the dead ; and thnt in warm clinmtes, ?where speedy interment is more necessary th'an in teniperatc'or cold counti ies, persons have even been entombed alive. ?' I was an eye-witness,'- soys, ODr.' Smith, ' of nn instance in u'celebiatod city on tlie continent, whore a poor woman, yet alive, was' solemnly uslieicd to the margin of. the grave -'in'-brond dny, whose interment would have deliber -ately taken place, had it not been for the itilerpos ilion of the bystanders.' — Chamhprs's Jotiriial.' ? '?' A Goon IIahoain. — Mr. !?., a well-known pro -fessloiuil singer in the meti-o|-olis.[o ic diiy entered a cliccsomongcr's or grocer's shop, to inuko a pur chase. ' Have you '? any' more of this paper?' said he to the ninster. icgiirding with cmiosity nnd usttnishment that in which his purchase wax w apped. '.' Plenty, Sir; u f- rent pile-of.it.' ? 'ftJr. L i-cqucsteil'io sec it, and ft, lawcd the trade - t xaan into a ii- tie hick- roam, whore many re ms of waste paper were- collected, to be used in hU Ijhs; iiess. ' Weil,'' said Air.' L., 'after inspecting th« , .pile from whence the wrnppei i f his parcel hid | been taken, !* will you sell this— what would you ask' r»»f it?' ? ' Two-pencc- holfponny per pound,' rin Bxvored the man, mi chustonished attheuncommen greenness of his customer. 'You enn have it,it' you Tike, ns waste pappr.fur that price.'. Mr. L. readily aiseutcd, und thiih purchased foVafeyv' shillings aa complete oratoiios and opeia3'of 'Han- ' del, besides ,frag|iientsof the .best,^\iz, Arnold 's; edi.ion - Henceforth; 'let no one' despise the liter ature that may find its' way to the tmnkmakcr's and ' chandler's, &c;— Mirror.1 '' ' ' liiilwer lias lately published «? The Pilgrims qf the 'Rhine':' It brings to viey* tho whole 'of the ancient fuiry inhabitants of Germany, who' are met by the last of the 'English fairies; 'Queen Nympha lin,# who, -with her ' court, 'are' travelling up the Rhine, escorting (wo lovers lately from England, of whom- tlio femalo is 'dying of con&umptio;'n. The fairies stood their difficulties - as well us they may, but without avail— slio dies. On' one occasion a German Prince fuiry'attempted to disperse u storm, which too much agitated the honnysuckle,' in which ? Queen Nym'phnlia~whs'ropbsing. Her ' he Uius ad dressed ; ?? Cheer thoe,' my Nymphalia, we will lay tho tempest,' und ho waved his sword and muttered the clmrms which curb the winds and roll back the marching thunder; but for once the tempest censed not ut his spells ; nnd now, as tho fairies sped along tho trouble'd a'ir, a palo and beautiful form met them by the way, 'and tho fairies 'paused and trom.blod. I' or tlie power of thnt slirvpe could vanquish even them. It was tho 'form of a female',' with' golden huir, crowned with a chuplet of withered flowers ; her bosom, of nn ?exceeding ' bbauty, 'lay bare to the wind, and on infant was clasped between them, hushed into u sleep so still, that neither the roar of the thunder, nor the livia lightening flashing from' cloud 'to cloud, could even ruffle', much less arousn, the slumbercr. And the' face of the female wns unutterably culm and 's'weet (though with some thing of severo), theie was no line or wriiikle'in her hueless brow; care never wrote its defacing charac ters upon that everlasting beauty. It knew no' sor row or change ;' ghost-like nnd shadowy, floated on that 'shape through the abyss of time, governing .the world with' an1 unquestioned 'and noiseless sway. And the children 'of the green solitudes of the rarlh — tho lovely fairies of my tnlo. shuddere'd as they' gazed and recognized the form of Death. ' ; Last night (July 18.) accordingly, the House agreed, on the motion of Lord Klmnytor., to re scind the order for'tuking the divisions. Mr. War bin ton soconded the-nidtion ; though he' said the plan had not been faiily'tried.' Indeed, he' felt like an' rntaged musician, whose compotjiion. in stead of bring played by a fiisl-ratc pcrfbimer, was given to the merest catgut-scraper in (he world. The success of the plan depended upou the veloci ty with which the names were called cut anil set down; but no expedition had been ' use'din either of these essential parts of it. Wherever the -'fault w»'» Mr. Hume, h-weyer, ivas not a bad performer, indeed he was a perfect l'ugantni, but he had been badly seconded by the wiiter rmployvd. Air. Hume wan mortified at being called acatgnt acrapcr, though he had no claim' to the title, of a pet feet I'aganini. It was plain Hint a new Lobby was neces'saiy: indeed, a new House was neces sary, even for f lie sake of .Members' own health and comfort. ' He wondered Lord Althorp was not more careful of his own' health. Neither ' Loid Althoip nor himself wcie ho capable of night work as they used to be. (Laughter), ' Membeis might laugh, but lie could not do ni;;ht work as forinei'l}. (More laughter). It wits quite tnie : 'nouie1 years ago, he did nut care for night wdik, but lie could not doit how. ' ' Mr. \J'ard pledged himself most distinctly again to bring forward the measure, or one like it, early next session. 