ALTHOUGH, in our last, we gave an. explanatory summary of the proposed Jury Law, yet it is of such infinite public importance, that we consider it proper to insert the original notice, as it appeared in the Gazette—it is as follows :—- Colonial Secretary's Office, July 31, 1834. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor is pleased to direct, that the following notice of the general objects of a proposed Act, which is about to be laid before the Legislative Council. to be intituled, " An Act for theextention of Trial by Jury, and to regulate the constitution of Juries," be published for general information :— 1.—In any action at law, if either party, plaintiff or defendant, or any person on his behalf by affidavit for that purpose, shall at anytime after plea pleaded, and before notice of trial given, make it appear that the Lieutenant Governor, or any Member of the Executive or Legislative Council, for the time being, or Magistrate, is a party to such action, or otherwise interested therein, or will be affected by the result thereof, a summons to issue, requiring the opposite party to 6hew cause, why the same should not be tried by a Jury. 2.—If, upon such summons, the order for a Jury be consented to by such last mentioned party, or be do not appear, or the facts alleged in the affidavit be not rebutted by him, Trial by a Jury shall be awarded. The Court or Judge making the order for such Jury, to direct (at the election of the party so consenting or shewing cause) whether it shall be a common or a special Jury. 3.—In any criminal prosecution, either for felony or misdemeanor, if the party prosecuted shall, immediately after plea pleaded, or (if previously committed or held to bail),shall within one week after such committal or holding to bail, by affidavit for that purpose; make . it appear either to the Court wherein such plea is pleaded,, or to one of the Judges of the Supreme Court, before plea pleaded,, that the . Lieutenant Governor, or any Member of the Executive or Legislative Council for the time being, or any Naval or Military Officer within either of these Colonies on fullpay, is virtually or in fact the prosecutor, or otherwise interested in the prosecution, or will be affected by the result thereof, in person or reputation, Tiial by a civil Jury shall be awarded. 4.—Provides,, that, unless upon the making of 6uch affidavit, the order be consented to by or on behalf of His Majesty's Attorney Generol, a summons slia'l issue directed to the Crown Solicitor, requiring him to shew cause why such Trial should not be had. If after such summons the order of a civil Jury be consented to by him, or he do not appear, or the facts alleged in the affidavit be not rebutted by htm, then such Trial by Jury 6hall be awarded forthwith.. The Court or Judge making 6uch order, to direct (at the election of the Attorney General, or the Crown Solicitor on his behalf) whether it. shall be a common, or a special Jury. 5.—In all, cases where a Trial by Jury shall be awarded under the provision of the 8th section of the statute 9. G. 6, 9, commonly called the New South Wiles Act, the order for such Jury shall direct (at the election of the party consenting to, or shewing cause against the application) whether it shall be a common or a special Jury. 6.-—Every common Jury to be composed of persons qualified according to the existing Jury Act of this Island, 11 G. 4, No. 5. Every special Jury to be also composed of persons similarly qualified; but of such of those persons* as are described in the Jurors book, as Esquire, Merchant, or Bank Director, such special Jurors to be summoned, on the same plan of rotation as at present, from any place ef residence not distant more than 25 miles from the place of trial. 7.—Excepting in so far as alteration is ne- cessary for adapting the law to the alterations thus proposed to be introduced into the system, and excepting as next mentioned, the several provisions of the said existing Jury Act are, for the purpose of consolidation, proposed to be re-enacted in the present Act. 8.—Persons receiving letters of denization, under the proposed Act to be denizens, to be qualified. , 9-—To prevent inconvenience as far ag possible, to Jurors resident at a distance from the place of trial, a certain day or days to be from time to time fixed, for the trial of special Jury cases. The rate of compensation per mile, fixed by section 14 of the existing Act, to be payable for every day of actual attendance. A fund to be provided out of the fines imposed on absent Jurors, for defraying such compensation. Where a Juror shall attend, but not be called on the Jury, he is to be paid out of that fund. Jurors in criminal cases to receive such compensation, out of that fund. Any deficiency in the said fund to be supplied by the Colonial Treasury by orders; on the plan at present provided, with respect to the expences of witnesses. „ 10.—The provisions in section 11, of the existing Jury Act, with respect to calling the names of twice the number of the Jury, and each party thereupon reducing the list to 12, by respectively striking out the names of six, to be made compulsory in all cases. 11.—In every action at law, in which no Trial by Jury shall have been awarded, the issue or issues shall be tried, (or damages be assessed, as the case may be,) by four assessors, nominated as assessors are at present, but of whom two only need be Magistrates. The other two to be taken in rotation from the list of special Jurors. If they shall not all concur in a verdict, after having remained three hours in deliberation, the verdict of any three of them to be taken and entered as the verdict of all. If three do not so concur after the expiration of twelve hours they shall be discharged; and the cause be set down for trial again. In other respects, and particularly as to the mode of summoning and returning them, the assessors thus nominated to be subject to the same rules as assessors now are subject to; and to be finable for non attendance, the same as they would be if returned as Jurors. By His Excellency's command, J. BURNETT. We cannot understand what possible objection can be made to a plain and straitforward Act, giving to the people here, that right which they are ENTITLED to; and which, however, Lawyers may shift— however they may endeavour to impede and embarrass—THE PEOPLE WILL AS- SUREDLY OBTAIN, AT LAST! The only difficulty which, we apprehend, would be found in the way, is, and we confess our surprise at it, removed. We find, that the Colonial Council possesses the power of re-constructing the Huskisson Act at its pleasure. It has thrown the Judges overboard as Assessors, and it can, therefore, also throw overboard, whatever else may incumber the machine. Thus then, we can discover no fair and proper ground,, for refusing to adopt a plain, common sense Law, which would, at once, satisfy all—• restore peace, harmony, and good-will to the whole Colony. We have, hitherto,, been extremely unsuccessful in our suggestions of concise legislating;, which, dispised, as of course they were by the " Crown Lawyers"—yet we have the satisfaction to know, have received general approbation. We yet venture one other attempt, and we respectfully submit to the Head of the Government, the following short Act of Council, which would, we believe, be received with satisfaction, by the whole Colony, and, to which, we cannot discover even the ghost of AVOWABLE objection, We should like to hear, why something to the following effect should not be adopted " Whereas, the King has been pleased to authorise the Colonial Legislature, to restore to British subjects here, their constitutional right of Trial by Jury, as by Law established in England,. be it enacted, Sfc. that from, and after the passing of this Act, the Lams of England, in respect to Juries—Grand, Special, and Petty, as they can be shewn, by reasonableproof \ to exist—shallbe in full operation here, in all cases, civil or. criminal, as they are in England, to all intents and purposes whatsoever." We repeat,, we should like to see the objections which can be avowedly made, to some plain, common-sense enactment, such as the above ? We asserted, from the first, that the Bill would be free from those objections, which were so generally anticipated. That it is so, we believe the people owe to the Head of the Government alone. There are some amendments, which we understand will be made in the Bill, before it is introduced into Council,, and which will render it as free from objection, as any Jury Act can be, short of the restitution of THE WHOLE. 