FAT .L QUARREL. I was once* rambling in tlie most onfrequenied (tails o f Windsor Forest, on a fine evening, during the season of ihe bay harvest. I at length arrived at a spot u In-re my attention was powerfully excited by traces o f humnn industry. On a large lice was largely cat veil the letters T.C. and beneath -the letters the figures 1787. 1 enquired of an old Cottager what it was intended to cotnniemorukr, end bis statement was as follows:— “ It wa6 in tbe year 17S7 that a fellow woodman met his death in that lonely place. It was on a fine summer evening, as it may he now, tiiat a dozen nf ns were silling down beneath ti.al beech free lo refresh ourselves alter tiur day's labour. W e had b en fellitrg some^vees close al baud, atiria bard day's work we bad of it. 1'be Jxpiiifi'ordered ub some bet-r, and as sve were returning home We met the boy coming with it, and we sat ourselves down in tiiai high gras* to enjoy it. We were tiied and hot, and we drunk freely. W e got to talk about our own great doings,and one boasted liow much money he could earn, and another bragged bow much beer he could drink. There was a quarrelsome chap amongst us— liis name was Joe D — —, and he bullied and hectored poor Tom 'C— — in a strange way, Tom bore it all patiently for some lime, for he was a-quiet harmless fellow, and lie perhaps bethought him that a quarrel would nut do any good to his wife and children. At Iasi Joe, who was filling out the mugs o f beer, instead of handling Tom Ids tillowance, threw it in his face. The poor fellow could not hear ibis—for though goodnalured, he did not want spirit. lie resented the intuit. T he other grew more satisy and savage, and a t last he hit Tom a blow in the face. I titn ashamed of myself and o f nil the set, when I recollect how, for the love of mischief, we encouraged the quarrel, and got tip to make n ring for two fellow creatures to strive against eitch other like brute beasts. To it they w en t; in five minutes poor Tom received a blow in ihe stomach, and tie never spoke afterwards. He breathed his last under the beech tree where the letters are carved. We carried him in our arms to the cottage;—nil, that was a scene fur his poor wife which I never, never shall forget! Joe fled I iie country J —I saw him many years after, blit he slunk alonglikc a ghost, anil 1 would much rather have diet! in my youih, like my poor fellow-woodman, than have borne about Ihe fire which that man must have had in his heart. I have told my boys never to let the grass grow there when 1 aiu gone, I or ihe knowledge of the fatal effect «f sudiien quarrels uiav leach our cltiidieti to live in peace with all libnut them.” fcn w M iaiv « —*« lirerity, tilt Soul i f H it.— Colonel S ------- v, of tire R ,ynl Aiarim-s, was olunj <rliatinguiglicd tor (lie perspicuity «ud brevity of bis speech-., ot winch the following i, specimen, which was delivered ih going ii-t i tiie hartle of the b ite:—Sir James Sanui.rcz, who command.d the inali.of-war, lo which he belonged, had. in a leng liened speech, woundup the feelings 10 Ihe highest pilch of ardour fur ilic iiidlt, hy re. niiiidiug them of die doty dn-y ow d to th.ir' King and eminiry; and though Iasi, not least, he desired ilicni lo call to imiid llieir families, their paren's, anil sweethearts, ami tu fight as the battle solely depended upon mi llieir individual exertions. He was ana acred by looks and gestures highly expressive of their determination s then, turning to our hero, he said " Noiv, S---------- e, 1 leave you to speak to the^ marines.'' Col. S. immediately du.oieil their attention to tiie land beyond the French fleet. “ J>o you see that land there?’' he asked. They all shouted, “ Ay, aye. Sir J" Now, niy lads, that's tiie land of Bg.pt; and if you don’t Gglit like devil*, you’d soon he 1n ihe house of bondage,” He was niitneied by a real British veil fore and afl. ufn Irith Piano.—A sober, indnstriout Paddy in ,the Csllon, has lately invented a musical box, for which he deserves a patent. Wishing to enjoy a little music on an evening, he gut a box, of the genera! appearance, but deeper and broader than a piano, and bored a row of h o le s from one end to rite oilier. Into this box six or seven swine ate placed, (hoi (here ruav be more,} of different ages from Ilia sucking pig n> . the gruff boar. In-tiiis way a scale of voices i. obtained. The tails of each inmate are then drawn tlirongh the holes in rise box, and tbe lid closed, so that half a dozen tails hang outside. Whenever paddy wishes to plsy, he lwi<ch*s eacit tail rapidly and successively, and the music begins, and lasts as lung as he likes. When tired, he just liberates the musician* till the next tijne. The airs qre al) Irish, and when the twitching is emuly and skillully done, the music's not a twit 'behind the mixture of bands at the late •* Physical Demonstration,” The instrument is called a Mego- - maenftc.—Glasgow Courier. Post Offices trere first established in Paris, U6t; in Bngland l-.tU; in Germany l u l l ; in the Jnrkish domiui -ns In 1740,- regultil-d by - I'flr'iatiient, and tiiiat/e general in Jhlnglatiil In 16:G; sud In bent andjlfllh. licho.—At a running f-iilrm neai1 Louvain in Flanders, there is a very singular and beautiful echo ; if a prison sings, hr ool* hvsrs lux own voice without any repelilinu ; on the contrary, tho-e w-lio aland at some distance hear the echo, hut not die voice, hut rhen iLry lietr il with surprising vsii.iious, somerieies louder, sometimes rn1u-r, now more near then more distant. There is another somewhat aioiiiai n-nr Itoiten 