Hobart Town Police Report. Monday, October 21. Edward Griffiths, Lucas Forsyth, and Wil- liam Ayres, all three assigned servants, were charged with drinking after hours in the Ken- sington Arms Inn, O'Brien's Bridge, and ordered to be returned to Government. John Chilton, for being found in a disorderly house in Goulburn-street, was discharged, having a tolerable good character. Mr. John Shalls, for cutting up the foot- path with his horse's hoofs, was fined 5s. Samuel Andrews and Henry Dickenson, for druukenness, were ordered to the labour-in vain machine. Robert Wood, for riding in his own cart, was fined 20s. Charles King,the well-known natural historian alias bird stuffer, was charged by that mild, humane, and ingenious Tasmanian constable, ex-officio informer, &c.; &c;, Bartholomew Gagiero, with starving certain birds, previous to their undergoing the process of stuffing. Poor King, notwithstanding his pitiful lamen- tation, got fined in a penalty of 20s., which he declared was more than he could accumulate either by bird stuffing, or natural historical researches in a month. James Cooper, and Lewis Green, were re- primanded for drunkenness. ThomasM'Cormack was ordered to have his ticket-of-leave suspended, for making use of indelicate language to Mr. Swift when ordered off the foot-path, on which he was riding. Michael M'Cabe, for representing himself to be free, was ordered to be reminded of the contrary at Mr. Gunn's finishing academy. James Miller was charged with disorderly conduct last night, and with trespassing upon the premises of a gentleman, in Collins-stteet. The constables were alarmed, at a very late hour, by a cry, which they understood to be " fire," and repaired to the spot ; but on en- tering the house, from which the cry procee- ded, it was soon ascertained that the engine would be unnecessary-for in two opposite corners of the kitchen, stood two figures, all in white, bawling most lustily-every limb trembling, and the cold drops chasing each other down their cheeks. Neither, for some time, could answer the queries of the constables. At last, one of there did contrive to slip the leash of his tongue ; when it appeared, that the silent ghost had been on a night visit to the speaking ghost's servant, with whom he had eaten plentifully of roast and boiled ; to which feasting, the speaking ghost had a most ghostly objection. Upon a closer examination of the kitchen, the constables found, coiled up in a corner, the female servants of the family, who had crept out of their bed-room to have a peep at the ghostly combat, and whom the con- stables at first mistook for a third ghost - Upon overhauling the ladies, they all declared they had not invited either the one ghost or the other. Mr. Miller not belonging to the family, the magistrate thought proper to order him to find friends to be answerable for his good behaviour. John Evans and John Townsend, both as- signed servants, who have been for some time suspected, in connexion with a female servant of the family, of carrying on a trade of a very extraordinary description. The party was ap- prehended in the heat of business, by the in- defatigable constable Leach, who had been put " down" by one of the " pigeons." It ap- peared that Leach had assumed, for one night only, the character of a gentleman, and repaired to the residence of the lady and her friends, with the former of whom, he soon came to a tolerable understanding, but before the arrange- ments were finally completed, Leach and his fair one had got apparently quite unconsciously into the back yard-Leach however, was ''wide awake" to the business of the scene, and was determined not to mar the effect till he got his cue,'which was presently given by the two male prisoners, who demanded to be made "all right" or they would " come it," Leach very quietly replied, that the best way would be or them all to go and " come it together," to which, the prisoners, finding, if they had caught a pigeon, he was too tough for them to pluck, demurred, but Leach had made up his mind, and nothing else would suit him, although the prisoners, finding they had "caught a Tartar," offered to be "pigeoned" in his stead. The two gentlemen were ordered to the interior, and the lady to the factory. Tuesday, October 21. James Gushin, for quitting Bridgewater without permission, was ordered to return with twelve months addition to his sentence. . Patrick Levy, suspected of misdemeanour, was remanded. David Lord, Esq. was again summoned be- fore the Police, at the instance of the Town Surveyor, for obstructing George Jones, one of the fasteners of the "coffin lids," who had re- ceived orders, to place one upon Mr. Lord's premises. In every information against Mr. Lord, hitherto filed, there has been some blunder or other, and this case was perfectly in keeping with the rest. The Town Surveyor not choosing to bear any of the blame, threw the whole most unsparingly upon his two un- derstrappers, Tulip and the carpenter. Duncan M'Arthur, for neglect of duty, was ordered to allow the flagellator to operate upon his posteriors. Andrew Ford, for Drunkenness, was fined 5s. William Widdowbon, for loitering in a most suspicious manner upon his neighbour's pre- mises. The defendant having, some time pre- vious, been favoured with lodging, gratis, at Mr. Gunn's finishing Academy, he was now further indulged by being laid up-not in clover-but on the roundabout, for three months, with a view to strengthen his appetite, so that, at the expiration of his drill, he may be enabled to digest beef as well as pouhry. Caroline Campbell was fined 5s. for drun- kenness. Wednesday, October 22nd. Mr. Poole, the baker, was charged by con- stable Bartholomew Gagiero, with neglecting to have scales in a convenient part of his shop. Gagiero called constable Greentree, who stated, that neither himself nor Gagiero looked all round the shop, that they did not see tlie scales, in what he Gagiero considered a con- venient part of the shop. The magistrates said, they were the judges as to the scales being in a convenient part of the shop or otherwise, and dismissed the complaint, the sharp practitioner having to pay the costs. Abraham Turley, for suffering his dog to be at large, was fined 2s. 6d. Charles Swairbrick, strongly suspected of coveting some ducks belonging to his neigh- bour, was remanded for further examination. Ann Scott, charged with shop-lifting, was fully committed for trial. This was a most unfortunate circumstance for the economical damsel, was to be married on the follow- ing morning, and was, no doubt, anxious to rig herself out with the least possible expense to her admirer. The prosecutor, not thinking it fair that he should pay for any part of the wedding paraphernalia, brought the prisoner before the magistrate to decide the matter, who, as the lady had succeeded in saving her admirer's cash, ordered her to pay in person. John Wright, John Ewins, John Crossland, and Mary the wife of the last prisoner, were fully committed for trial, for receiving a watch belonging to Thomas Austin. Mrs. Donovan appeared to prosecute Mrs. Kettle, but the principal superintendent, to whom the lady was given in custody, found that the row bad been occasioned by the dose, ordered Mrs. Kettle to the Ladies' Seminary for the remainder of her sentence. Robert Williams, James Smith, and George Adams, were remanded for further examina- tion, charged with piratically stealing a sloop, the property of A. Montagu, Esq. John Parrott, Job Forster, William Stio; wood, and Daniel Kitt, were committed for further examination, charged with robbing the stores at Bridgewater. George Hardinge, for insolence and filthincss in his service, was ordered to the rounjabout for six days. George Dytce, for drunkennees, was fined 5s. Mr. George Watson, for suffering his dog to be at large, was fined 2s. 6d. William Arnold, for drunkenness, paid the usual spirit-drinking tax. Thursday, October 23n/. John Jones was charged with allowing a prisoner of the Crown, of the masculine gen der, to be in bed with one of the feminine gen- der. It appeared, that two or three constables went to the defendant's house, and enquired if his female servant was at ho'ne ; upon being informed that she was, they desired to see her. The defendant immediately accompanied them to the lady's apartments, where the first thing that presented itself was a large dog, which, the defendant informed them, was kept to guard the apartment. Upon a closer exami- nation, however, it was found, that Cerberus liad Bwallowed the sop-for, sung in bed with the fair damsel, was-what ? a man 1-coiled up-not like Don Juan, under the bolster but, under the lady, from whence he was rer moved to the round-house, and the lady or- dered to'the Cascade Nunnery, a The defen- dant called the lady's companion who deposed, that from the silent manner in which hs was conducted to the fair one's'retreat, he wascer , tain the defendant knew noi of his being there. -yCafee dismissed. ' * '",y>' » .>,/ > ' <*'" '? John Maddox appeared to answer to an in- formation preferred against him by the Chief * Police Magistrate, for permitting his cattle to feed by the road side, and stray upon the foot- path. Captain Forster said, that the defen- dant had been a wilful offender for a long time, and that, upon the present occasion, he remon- strated with him, telling him that he was lia- ble to be fined for such conduct, when the de-, fendant said, he did not think he was. When men refused to take a civil hint, Captain Fors- ter said, he thought the best way was to en- sure the public safety by filing an information. -Fined 10s. Another information was preferred against Mr. Maddox by Mr. Boyd, for grazing his cow«' upon the footpath before Mr. Boyd's door. Fined 5s. John Smith, for using obscene language in, the public streets, was fined 5s. John Wynn, for a similar offence, was also fined 58. ' Michael Cologn, charged with drunkenness, was fined 5s. Willam Jones, also for drunkenness, wa« fined 5s. AJr. James Norman, for having two pint measures in his possession which were deficient, was fined 5s. for each offence. Mr. John Brown, of the Belvidere Wine Vaults, for having the door of his licensed bouse open after 10 o'clock at night, wa« fined 10s. Friday, October 24, 1834. Cadey Leary and John Thomas, were fined 5s. for drunkenness. John Rose, charged with disorderly conduct between 12 and 1 o'clock last night was dis- charged, it appearing that the defendant, a" man of colour, ha'i received considerable pro- vocation from some seaman, which the con- stable had not taken into consideration. James Creed was charged with disorderly conduct. It appeared from the evidence of constable Gapiero, that he found the defendant at a house in M urray- street, dragging a woman who was screaming by the arm, for which he took him into custody, when the defendant endeavoured to wrest his stall'from him. The defendant being called upon save a very dif- ferent version of the case. He stated, that the female with whom he was struggling en- deavoured to strike him with a knife, which he seized and endeavoured to wrest from her. when the constable interfered, and he, the de- fendant, was walking quietly off, hut the con- stable stopped and apprehended him some paces from the door-he denied attempting to take the staff from the constable, but said he merely caught it, as the constable appeared to be inclined to use it about his (the defen- dant's) body.-Fined 5s. John Vaughan, for drunkenness, was ordered four days and nights to a cell. Charles Cherry, for drunkenness, fined 5s. Mr. James Lucas the pilot, and his wife appeared to answer the information of their assigned servant, who charged them with assaulting him. It appeared, that Mrs. Lucas, on the complaint of one of the children, at- tempted to scratch the complainant's face, and that afterwards, according to the plaintiff's statement, Mr. Lucas assaulted him ; this was, however, denied by Mr. Lucas who stated that the complainant threw a turnip at the child, which occasioned it to cry ; he also said, that no assault whatever was committed upon the plaintiff, either by himself or his wife. The child of the defendant, about four years old, said, that the complainant struck him on the foot with a turnip, which caused his mother to be very angry. The child being so very young, of course, he was not sworn, but the magistrate believing what the child stated, ordered the complainant to be returned to Government, and to be worked in an assigna- ble road party. Joseph Johnson, for taking the air without permission, between 12 and 1 o'clock in the morning, was ordered to brace his nerves upon, the roundabout for three days. William Smith was fully committed for trial, charged with embezzling two Spanish dollars, the property of his master, Mr. J. E. Cox. George Jackson was fully committed for trial, charged with stealing three silk handkti chiefs the property of Mr. George Bilton. Saturday, October 25th. Charles Swairbtick, for drunkenness and swearing in the public streets,, was fined 5b. for each offence. James Francis, was changed with drunken- ness. The defendant said he had just become free, and had only taken a gill of rum, which together with his freedom, had made him a^ little light headed-fined 5s. Daniel Higgins, for stealing pit saw files from the Ordnance stores, wau fully com- mitted for trial. Three of the four men, charged with breaking opeii the stores at Bridgewater, one of them. having died in the hospital from the effects of the rum he drank in the store, underwent ano- ther examination. The flour which they were I accused of taking from the store, was, on éx- ' amination, found to be deficient some four or-- t five pounds. U|-on enquiry.it was discovered, that the newly installed con.-tablè, Mr. Henry L.'wis, had placed some (lour, part.of his..own, < ration, near the said stolon flour ; and, (quite inadvertently) on going to remove,-s,mne ot ids ' own i ation from his bag, mistook the bag which contained the stolen flour for his own. TI e magistrate said, the possibility of such a mKtiltai , i oufcht to have oeen avoided ,uy lucking up iii« I stoleu property. .- - '- . 