SYDNEY. So rapid is the increase in the value nfland at Sydney, that allotments measured off to be sold at Woolloomoolloo, were es'timated at 3001\. an acre. Mr. Loi d has succeeded in making Borne very excellenfcioth in his manufactory at Botany, near Sydney. By a recent police regulation nt Sydney, where it appears that assigned «ervants fre- quently misbehaved in order to be turned in and assigned to other service «ore convenient for their purpose, every prisoner so returned shall first be worked 6 months on the roads and then be eligible to be assigned only in the j interior« t^À^stïiWl sïliooiief, believed to be Hie Fare- 'ti well, whicIT was carried off by prisoners some j< time ago, belonging to Mr. Dye, Sydney, had I (arrived at the Society islands from New Zëa- j v land. The Capt, was said to Have died (mott i probably killed) on his passage, and a convict . I named Waight had had possession of her on < her arrival. .' . . It Major Mitchell, the Surveyor General, at 1 Sydney, was about to set out on an exploring i j tour in the interior of New, South Wales. No ' expense had been spared in fitting out the ex- i petition with every thirig" necessary for so im- ' i portant a duty. It is much to be regretted ' that no naturalist or other scientific person is ever employed to accompany these missions, j from the Want of which more than half the ad- vantage to be derived from them is generally , lost. All we commonly obtain is an uncertain ¡ description of the existence aiid course of cer- tain streams and rivers and two or three high hills. We regret to announce the unfortunate death by drowning of Mr. Commissary Vaux, at Norfolk island, who was washed off a rock, and notwithstanding every effort perished in the waves. Such is the severity of discipline at Norfolk island since the recent insurrection, that 70 of the convicts are kept continually on one chain. Thus it continually is, that crime and insubor- dination are universally followed with mea- sures of increased severity. Every attempt of the offending to resist only binds the chains of restraint the closer. The only way to relax the severity of punishment or of the law is by good conduct to render them less necessary. Mrs. Morriset and family had returned to Sydney from Norfolk island, which settlement was reported to be perfectly restored to quiet after the late disturbance. Dr. Lhotsky had returned from his tour in the interior, and was about to publish an ac- count of it. He had ascended some very high mountains, and the discoveries he has made arc said to be very interesting and im- portant to science. The Alligator was taking in stores and pre- paring for a trip along the coast of New Hol- land as far as Twofold bay, in which Governor Bourke was to accompany Capt. Lambert. The Louisa, Mackay, brings up the har- howing and afflicting report of the capture of the schooner John Dunscombe, which left this port for the East Cape on the 21st Feb- ruary last, by the New Zealanders, and the master and crew treated with much severity by the natives,who were not allowed to be ran- somed by Mr. Montefiore, who, in attempting so todo, «as much ill-treated by them.-Aus- tralian. The British consul at Wahao, Richard Charlton, esq. had made a seizure of the brig Bee with its owner, Mr. Cuthbert. and vari- ous runaway convicts from this place and Sydney. She was to be sent up immediately to Sydney. Indeed it is almost impossible, as we repeatedly observed, for any vessel to escape seizure that goes off under clandestine circumstances in these seas, or indeed in any part of the world. There is not a single in- stance among all that have yet occurred, of what may be called a successful piracy at least from this or the elder colony. The wretched men who thus trust themselves to the seas, and to the still more treacherous faith of each other, are sure cither to quarrel and kill one another, or be taken and brought to punish- ment. There were no less than 70 whaling vessels and 8 merchantmen lying in the harhour when the Kaliopapa left the Sandwich islands. The names of the English ships were - James Colsin, Offley, Cheviot, Admiral Cockburn, Sussex, Cadmus, Harriet, Sovereign, Reco- very, Potosi, Pacific, Sir Andrew Hammond, Canton, Amethyst, Lancaster, Magnolia, Ma- rodian, Ontario, Mayflower, Mary, Brighton, Minerva, Parker, Gideon, Baston, Jason, Yoting Eagle, Courier, Nautilus. The recent flood at Sydney had been fol- lowed by other successive and heavy rains, which, although not so destructive, were at lendéií'with considerable damage. Mr. Cotton of tbe Sydney custom house has received an appointment in England. Major Gibbs, who carne out with his family in 4he Resource, succeeds Mr, Lauga as chief officer of the customs. Ai fine whaling Rhip called the Catherine belonging to the United States was unfortu- nately burned to the water's edge at Otaheite, when the Kaliopapa was loading at that is- land. A terrible schism has taken place among the theatrical' performers at Sydney. Mrs Taylor aftei performing a few nights at Mr. Levey's theatre, broke off with Mrs. Jones and'Messrs Meredith and Knowles, who were among his best performers, and started an op- position sort of thing in the shape, of a con; cert, at the Pultpney hotel. We observe the usual apologies made, however, of bad wea- ther &c;, for very thin houses. Those inte- rested in theatrical exhibitions in these colo- nies, may be assured that unless they be con- ducted respectably, and morally too, they ne- ver will succeed. Mrs. Taylor is praised to the skies in the Sydney papers, and is com« pai ed to the inimitable Miss Stephens, whom she is said even to excel both in voice and fea- ture. We have had the pleasure of seeing and hearing both, and unequivocally declare that Mrs. Taylor is as unlike Miss Stephens in form and feature as she ia unequal to her in yoice and singing. We never heard Mrs. Taylor attempt any thing but the simplest and easiest songs. The power of her voice is far from extensive and she cannot shake at all. A small vessel called the Kaliopapa, named after the King of Otaheite, had brought up to Sydney 55 tons of sugar, made from the sugar cane grown in that island. It wag said to be very fine and equal in quality to the Mauritius sugar* though, not so, large in the grain. The Louisa brought up no less than 150 tons of flax from tyew Zealand. The Rev.G, eórgetJrskine, superintendent of the Wesleyan Mission in these colonies, died at Sydney on the 20th April. The Sydney pilfers, it seems, intend, ,to avail themselves of the late inclement state of the weather,, as a plea for raising the price of flour,., We, trust |hat the power of enhancing the Value of the criief article of human ,fóod, will spon be ta'^en, frpm those individuals, for whose .exclusive, advantage it is used. ' Let us' hope tjut the Coimcil will not iW'sight of this 8iubjeçtoT-Sydney Gazette, April 84. . The Scoisinan was originally under the management of the celebrated Mr, Mae Culloch; the 'political economist. It Was1 for many years published only once'a' week,-»the price of each number being* tknpehce. Not- withstanding the highness of the price, it had then a very Targe circulation ; and certainly in a- wee*, it excluded all advertisements not con . .it ' nected with literature. Its ' firtt~ appearartc e ¡ct j may be Bald to have been the commencement on of a ne w era in the politics of Scotland. At I that time there was not'one journal In Edin- ' at 'burgh identifying itself with liberal principles; ng j and only two in an/ part of Scotland-tho No « GlasgowChronicle,' and the « AberdeenChro x- nicle,' When, therefore, in 1816, the . Scots. m- j man' appeared, its bold, uncompromising led | principles, advocated with such surpassing ta- is lent, created a sensation from one extremity of ns, J Scotland to another. The * Scotsman' has id- for many years' past been published twice a v Hy | week, at the usual price of sevenpence. It lost in the first instance a great many of its subscribers by the change in the publication ; but soon regained them, and is' now next to the * Courant' in the extent of its circulation. After Mr. M'CulIoch relinquished the editor- ship, he wai sticcecded by Mr. M'Laren, the {»resent editor, and Mr. Ritchie, W, S., both arge proprietors. The latter gentleman died two years since and Mr. M'Laren is now sole editor, The Inverness Courier says that the depth of Loch Ness, in the centre, is from 106 to 135 fathoms, which is deeper than any part of the sea betwixt that and Norway. Its ex- treme depth has invested the loch with a pe- culiarity often noticed and,commented on-it « never freezes. Vidocq has just obtained a patent for the manufacture of paper, from which no writing or print, once impressed, can he effaced or altered. The directors of the Stamp office long ago offered a premium for the discovery of this paper. The population of Prince Edward Island has nearly doubled during the last ,six years. By a recent census, the population was 32,349. The island was very fertile, almost every foot being cultivated. The number of males was 16,840, females, 15,452. Matthew Noggin's letter to his courin. My dear cousin Peter,-In excellent metre, I'm going to explain what has pu ¿ried my brain, as you remember, from the 10th of De- cember ; the day you came down from great London town, in the coach with a friend, the Christmas to spend, in the country wit us. You remember the fuss we were in that same night, and the terrible fright we had as we lay wide awake until day, wondering what was the matter, because of the clatter there was in the house ; neither rat, cat, nor mouse, nor dozens of any, nor ever so many, we were sure could have made that wild cannonade. And you havn't forgot, I'm sure you could not, how Sam, like a ghost, stood at the bed post, as white as a sheet, trembling down to ¡tis feet, and praying that we, would go with him to see, what that terrible rout, could all be about. Then you know how we went, with courageous intent, all tin ec on tip-toe, above and below, how we peeped into presses and tumbled over dresses-how we looked under beds and poked in our heads, to many a room full of silence and gloom-how we stole to the kitchen, to see if the witch in a kettle or pan had cunningly ran. Then you know how my mother cried out ? what a pother, is this that you make. One would think an earthquake shook the house o'er our heads ' go all to your beds !--'Tis nothing at all but the wind in the wall, or a strange cat got in which has made such a din !'?-Juvenile Sou- venir. A Cheshire farmer was lately asked by the minister how it was that when he preached the farmer always fell asleep, but when a stranger preached he was ali attention. The farmer leplied, "Why, sir, when ye preaches I know aw's right, but when a stranger comes I canna truBt lum, aud so I keeps a good look out." Persons may travel in the most comfortable manner from London to Genoa for five guineas each. On paying 21. 193. in Loudon, they will be set down in Paris ; from Paris to Chalon-sur-Saone, 39 Irancs ; thence by the coche d'eau to Lyons, 7 frdncs j and from Ly- ons to Geneva, 12 francs. A late traveller in the East endeavouring to display the wonders of British machinery, mentioned among other examples, that of the Manchester and Liverpool Rail*road, illus- trating its speed by reference to correspond- ing distances in Egypt ; to which the Turk to whom it was addressed simply replied by saying, . That's a lie.' « But,' replied the ing narrator, ' these gentlemen have seen it.' ' I its do' not," rejoined the Turk, * believe it any rlr. the more for that.' ncs Sheridan being told of the marriage of a pe- ere litical opponent, exclaimed, * 1 am very glad op- to hear it,' then suddenly added with a feeling t>n- of compassionate forgiveness, ' and yet I don't the see why I should be, poor fellow, he never did ea- me much harm.' 