severity those, whose complaints were true but frivelous." The benevolent views of the writer are ma- nifest. But there seems something unnecessa- rily prolix in all this. Why not attempt a good system from the beginning; good in its average workings; primarily contrived to meet all conceivable cases; and divested, as much as possible, of all official checks, which in every probability would require checks them- selves. Can it not be readily conceived the mischief—the very anarchy—which a queru- lous Protector might engender? "Governor Bourke" says Mr. HALL "has fallen into the same error as Governor Mac- quarie. He has attended personally, and by letter, to the convicts in their complaints. He has evinced sympathy for their situation." There is an unhappy choice of words here. And much will be made of it; especially if the rest of Mr. HALL'S letter, the pervading tone of which is in reality sympathy for all parties, be kept in the back ground. In the bare cir- cumstance of a man evincing sympathy—that is a fellow-feeling—for those who have by their crimes degraded themselves into a state of pe- nal slavery, there surely can be found no im- pediment to his being unexceptionable as a Governor? Mr. HALL must have meant some- thing different from what he expresses. If Go- venor BOURKE, by his personal manner, or from known credulity in listening to tales of distress, have really impressed on the convicts of New South Wales that he is their friend through thick and thin;—that he is always to be counted for backing them out in their com- plaints, be they groundless or not;—this is not sympathy; but prejudice. And though it may be termed an amiable weakness in His Excel- lency, it assuredly displays a constitutional infirmity which necessarily incapacitates him for the government of New South Wales. All which, he it minded, is contingent upon the aforesaid "If." With verbal exceptions to be afterwards taken, the following winding-up to Mr. HALL'S letter contains a good practical rule, in the election of Governors of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.— "I am of opinion, that a Governor, from im- perative orders and rules established either by Parlia- ment or by the Secretary of State for the protection of the convicts, or from a strong sense of abstract jus- tice, shall secure to our prison population all the food and clothes, ordered them; not in quantity only, but also in quality (equally essential) and not in quality only but in full quantity, (equally essential) and who at the same time is a great lover of strict discipline, a perfect Martinet, is the Governor who will keep our prison population in such order, as shall at once promote their own reformation and comfort, the well- being of their employers, the prosperity of the Colony, and the honor of the local and home governments. And therefore I am of opinion, that these ends will not be promoted during the present administration, because that General Bourke is too humane a man, and too little a lover of discipline, to act in a manner to ensure these ends. Justice, accompanied with sternness of aspect and manner, is the single quality which will bend the necks of British convicts to in- dustry and order; two qualities of all others whic the bulk of them hate; particularly the town-bred prisoners. Enterprise he delights in—the sober, re- gular, insipid life of a peasant, he disdains and abhors, and will never submit to, but from coercion." The writer is always an enthusiast in his opinions; and in his earnestness to enforce them is not always over discriminating to the choice of his expressions. Nor would the trouble be here taken to point out mere incon- sistencies of speech, were they not eagerly caught hold of and tortured into inconsisten- cies of principle. A very good example is held out for a governor: he is "from a strong sense of abstract justice," to secure to the prison po- pulation their legal rights. But he is at the same time to be a "perfect Martinet." It had been wise to have stopt the fluent pen after "a lover of strict discipline," and then there had been nothing to carp at. Lower down, Gen. Bourke is denounced as "too humane a man for a governor." Here is a repetition of the 'sympathy' error. As though it were possible for there to be an excess of humanity in the breast of any man; as though humanity, beyond a certain extent, were incompatible with the strictest enforcement of convict dis- cipline; as thoug humanity, to the fullest ex- tent, were not an essential, and indispensable principle in a perfect system of penal coercion! Mr. HALL'S battles on behalf of the prisoners' food and raiment, ever since he wielded a pen in the colony, belie his own expression. He has made a blunder—nothing more; he is not over nice in his philology. He means not that the general is "too humane," but that he can be easily wrought upon to pity the worthless—that his humanity runs into an un- discriminating condolence with all who tell him they are injured. And, "if" General BOURKE be all this, then ought General BOURKE to be ordered home, and never more be entreated with the custody of convicts. But in the general view taken by Mr. H. of things as they are in the sister colony, and in his general deduction from them, there seems every ground for acquiescence. Mr. H. "ad- mits the insubordination;" from the alleged causes of which he infers that nothing but a system of strict discipline, inseparably con- nected with strict attention to the physical wants of the convict, can keep the prison po- pulation in a state of good order. This indeed appears a very evident position—as the natural basis of convict labour; but the principle ap- pears never to have been systematically ad- hered to in practice—indeed it appears to have systematically lost sight of. Gen. DARLING was severity itself; but then took no heed to the blankets and food. General BOURKE comes, and the prisoner is petted into insolence and inactivity. It will be for the Home Government to apply the remedy. In Downing Street, the future system of Penal Colonies must be drawn up. That things have not worked well in New South Wales is but too evident. That they have not worked too well in this colony, is alike clear: and perhaps it is only a slight and temporary cause which prevents the same ma- nifestations of error here as in New South Wales. At all events both countries are pe- nal colonies, are founded on the same plan, and, persons apart, have identically the same osten- sible modes of government. A change there- fore is the one, will not take place without a corresponding change in the other. It is com- mon cause with us; and the rule of work well and feed well admitted, reflection and activity shall not be wanting down here in devising plans such as may be deemed best fitted for carrying the rule into practice. Mr. Hall's ob- ject is accorded with; but his means of gaining it, it is surmised will be dissented from. THE march of events appears destined to bring us a new Jury Act. The principal feature of which is a reduction in the number of the jury; the more available and equally efficacious num- ber seven taking place of the mystic twelve.* It is presumed that the magistrate-jury will be abolished, and justice be, so far, no longer a toss-up. With seven as the number of jury- men, and with discriminating qualifications, there seems every probability that civil issues will be as fairly adjudged as may be. Judges must be converted, and BENTHAM'S codifica- tion be carried into effect, before any thing approaching a perfect system of justice can be anticipated. But seven as the number of a Jury? "Hear "it Britons and tremble exceedingly! Shade "of Alfred the Great! Is it not too bad? "Where will innovation stop! Heretics go un- "burnt in these degenerate days—men's noses "unslit—their ears uncropt. Old women are "no longer drowned on the score of their beards, "Heaven save the Mark; but are permitted na- "tural death and Christian burial. Industry "is guaranteed its just reward, for Monopoly "is giving up the ghost. Justice is going to "be made cheap and speedy and effectual. "Murder can only be expiated by hanging. "What is to become of us! Our rights "trampled on—our birth-rights as Britons— "thus trenched upon century after century! "Where is it all destined to end. What is to "become of that glorious Constitution, the "pride and boast, as it was the bulwark of our "ancestors. That 'venerable fabric;' is it "possible that the nation in which it was reared "from the foundation, are sacrilegious enough "to pronounce it an unintelligible mass of "rights and wrongs, in which the latter predo- "minate—a Babel of abomination! Then "indeed the glory of our race has passed from "us; we are unworthy the name of Britons; "in our conceited devotion to the damnable "heresy of common sense, we are setting up "the butterfly wisdom of an hour against the "collected wisdom of ages. The nation is lost. "The last blow is given. The old British jury "of twelve precisely, is to be numbered with "the laws of the Star-Chamber—that blest "prerogative of kings—and seven to be the "number by which honest men are henceforth "to be acquitted and knaves punished." The above is offered as a tolerable peroration. It is submitted to be as good as nine tenths of the flourishes, which the Tories of all times, aided on all suiting occasions by the splutter- ing demagogues of the day, have used to entrap the ignorant multitude to consent to continue beasts of burthen to their betters. Such argu- ments in England are laughed at, now, by the very 'prentice boys; for the rising generation are becoming desperate Utilitarians, and care not a green fig for their ancestors beyond re- collected grandfathers. * We suggested this twelve months ago.—Editors. That seven is a much more available num- ber than twelve, is undoubted matter of arith- matic; and wait till juries are in play to see who will be for denying it. That seven men are as able to form an accurate judgment of the merits of a tried case, as twelve, it is conceived there are few, getting the birth-right crotchet out of their heads, who will be for gain-saying. Then why should seven not be the number? The question is asked in a general sense; set- ting aside that we are "Britons;" and may be considered as part of the abstract inquiry— How few men will suffice effectually for Trial by Jury? If the question be one of mere technical le- gality—if it be, is there in this Island any au- thority competent to fix the number of the jury at seven; it is admitted that the answer is not so easy. In the one case, an opinion is to be founded on a naked matter of fact; and all that is needed is common-sense, with moral courage to eschew all bigotry, in order to arrive at an in- contestable one. In the other, there is an Act of Parliament to be consulted; a thing of words; the proverbial example of all that is doubtful and uncertain. It is presumed, how- ever, that the Crown Lawyers of the Colony consider seven to be a legal number for the Council to legalize for colonial use. The opinion of the Judges should also be had, to prevent after clashing, and unnecessary bat- tling in the Council Chamber. The point, however, must be considered by others. If, neither by direct enactment nor by fair implication, it will be possible to admit the power of the Council to fix seven as the number of jurymen, opposition to the utmost must be given to the contemplated measure. The Act of Parliament must not be broken, even for good ends—unless under the most urgent necessity;—since it may then be broken for the most sinister purposes. But if it should be made to appear that there is no legal impe- diment to the passing of the proposed Act, let the public assure themselves, as far as the number of jurymen is the object of concern, that they possess a decided improvement in the administration of justice in this Colony. After the above was in type, information was had, that it was rumored to be the inten- tion of Government to have the Jury of seven, elected three by plaintiff, three by defendant, and one by the Judge. The Government never can be meditating this! It is perfectly in- credible. A Correspondent, with reference to the recent stack-burning at Mr. GUNNING's, suggests the expediency of a Mutual Fire Insurance Society. The suggestion is an exceedingly good one; and we should be happy to see the Society established forthwith by some public- spirited individuals. The insecurity of pro- perty against the ravages of fire, renders a society of mutual insurers an excellent expe- dient. It could combine both certainty and economy. BELOW is a very gratifying statement to all who are content that the truth should be made manifest. It is a bitter draught to the men of bluster, out of all doubt, thus to behold such damning evidence that the colony is not on the road to ruin. They had better take to principle, of some sort, in their petty politics. The Government cannot stop the grain from growing or deteriorate Tasmanian Wool. Nature is an obsti- nate jade. The old cries—bad Government and ruin —are no longer synonymous in the estimation of the most gullable. They should be renounced with all speed; and some more plausible war-whoop hit upon. But is there not enough in all conscience for repro- bation, without travelling beyond the boundaries of truth? Statement of the value of Imports and Exports at the Port of Launceston, during the Quarter ended April 5th, 1834:— IMPORTS. | £ | s | d Great Britain | 34,870 | 3 | 0 New South Wales | 5,261 | 4 | 8 Mauritius | 2,679 | 15 | 6 Dape of Good Hope | 435 | 12 | 0 Total Imports | £43,246 | 15 | 2 EXPORTS. | £ | s | d Great Britain— Bark, 635 tons | 2875 | 0 | 0 ——Oil, (whale) 97½ tuns | 1960 | 0 | 0 ——Wool,2300bls., 539,960lbs | 40497 | 0 | 0 ——Unenumerated | 1381 | 10 | 0 Total to Great Britain | 46,713 | 10 | 0 New South Wales | 1005 | 0 | 0 Swan River | 650 | 4 | 0 New Zealand | 191 | 0 | 0 Total Exports | £48,559 | 14 | 0 AMOUNT OF DUTIES received by H. M. Customs, Laun- ceston, quarter ending April 5, 1834,— | £ | s | d Spirits | 3003 | 4 | 7 Tobacco | 915 | 3 | 0 Ad valorem duty | 582 | 14 | 8 | £4501 | 2 | 3 Colonial charges | 460 | 16 | 3 | £4961 | 18 | 6 There! Why even the balance-of-trade men those men of a by-gone age—those sturdy assertors of the obsolete—there is cause of joy and gladness even for them. Can they refuse to cackle forth their self-gra- tulations—to hug themselves up in their happy con- ceits of Debtor and Creditor? There is a balance for them—£5313 in one quarter. But softly—the balance of trade is all a hoax. Express the case in proper terms, and then you have an example of modern tactics: there is a balance on neither side, but advantage on both—as witness: Cornwall, Van Diemen's Land. Dr. | Cr. To goods from | different parts | By wool, wheat, of the world 43246 0 | and other corn To dollars, so- | modifies ex- vereigns, shil- | ported to divers lings, and six- | quarters .... 48559 14 pences. & other | coins (if we | want them,) 5313 0 | £48559 0 | £48559 14 The Mail last night brought us Isle of France papers up to the 15th February; any thing of interest will be noticed next week. LAUNCESTON, April 24, 1834. A long letter from Mr. HALL to Mr. Secretary STANLEY appeals in the Sydney Monitor of the 4th March, upon the prevailing topic of dissention at the present moment in New South Wales—Convict Discipline. The letter con- tains some very good thoughts; expressed in an impartial tone, and in a spirit which seems desirous of considering all relative facts upon their intrinsic merits only. As to all uncon- cerned spectators an unusual degree of party animosity appears to have mixed itself up with the discussion of the question, it is gratifying to behold a man of Mr. HALL'S experience, talent, and political honesty, with all of which the writer of this is well acquainted thus constituting himself an umpire to the dispute. It has been suggested indeed that Mr. HALL'S impartiality is interested;—that it is profitable to Mr. HALL, in the present case, to disencum- ber his judgment of all the usual biasses to a wrong decision. But to this a sufficing an- swer is ready. Grant that Mr. HALL does him- self substantial benefit in doing what is right; —so much the better;—for once it happens that honesty is the best policy. Those who would argue the converse, that it had been the better policy to be honest—hat the motives of Mr. HALL were sinister, whatever the com- plexion of his actions—either grossly misun- derstand the character of that gentleman, or decide from the depravity of their own hearts that Mr. HALL, like any body and every body else, is incapable of honest intentions. It should be observed by the way, that it is a low and contemptible rhetoric, in a public controversy, to endeavour to lower an oppo- nent's doctrine by impugning the motives un- der which it is alleged to be enforced. A po- sition is right or wrong, not according to the character, be that what it may, of its holders, but according to the terms in which it is con- ceived. "The thing that writes" has nothing to do with the thing written; and the scribbling coxcomb whose logic consists in chuckling over his own asserted perfectibility and hurling Billingsgate at those who are opposed to him, should renounce the pen for ever, in a discri- minating age like the present. Talent and zeal in the enforcement of grand public truths, leave neither time nor inclination for personal scurrility. That is the weapon peculiar to little and ignorant minds;—and that the world are fast coming to an accurate knowledge of such being the fact, is clearly observable in the bad market which the literary bully finds for his commodity. It will soon cease to take even in the pot-houses. Mr. HALL attributes the present insubordi- nate state of the prisoners to the character of the Governor,—lenient over-much, as his pre- decessor had been severe over-much. "The case of the present insubordination (which I admit exists,) is the firm belief which has established itself among the prisoners, that Governor Bourke is a merciful man, and is opposed to the rigorous indiscri- minating severity of General Darling, as regards their particular treatment. This belief has crept in amongst them through several channels. The first channel was, the attention paid to the numerous petitions, which on the arrival of every new Governor, the more artful among our prison population, immediately transmit to Head Quarters. The attention shewn to the writers of the petitions, stamped Governor Bourke as their friend." The Magistrates of the sister colony are branded as no better than poodles. Poor men. How can they help their nature. Where is the child that likes not its rattle? And give men authority over their fellows, on no better grounds than mere wealth, cousin-ship, and so forth, and see how often they will renounce it in preference to their honour? Mr. HALL thus speaks of their worships:— "The private sentiments of the Governors of this Colony have ever governed the decisions of our magis- trates. Is he a severe disciplinarian? The Magis- trates become the same. Is he for a mild system? The Magistrates immediately reduce their sentences a full moiety, and take upon themselves to act as counsel for the prisoner. This has been eminently the practice in the distant county of Argyle. Since Governor Bourke's arrival, the difficulties of procuring servants to be punished, were tedious to be borne by settlers, as well as the most expensive. Procrastina- tion and insult attended all settlers, unless they hap- pened to have other claims on the Magistrates of Goulburn Plains, than the claim of mere justice and right. Mr. Bradley, Mr. Shelly, and numbers of others, have filled the newspapers with their com- plaints on this head." And then proceeds:— "I have resided in this Colony two and twenty years; and, except during very short intervals, the discipline of the convicts has ever appeared to me to fluctuate between an imbecile leniency on the one hand, and an undue rigour on the other; between a discipline which caused the convicts to be idle, tur- bulent, and drunken; and a cruel indiscriminating rigor which terrified all, but often destroyed the innocent, or inflicted suffering on the guilty beyond their desert, and drove the head-strong and resolute among the convicts to bush-ranging." Mr. HALL asserts that no future Governor will be able to regulate the prison population, unless supported by a House of Assembly, "consisting of from forty to fifty members, freely elected by the merchants of Sydney and the settlers of the interior, who will of course bring to the discussion of public measures, a great mass of facts derived from actual expe- rience." This does not seem so clear. Two heads are better than one in matters requiring deliberation: but, the law relating to the treat- ment of convicts being established, the subse- quent regulations and management of them must always be entrusted to the Police of the country; and if that Police be on good prin- ciples, it is surmised that the less the legislature interfered the better. More of the quorum.— "In reviewing my letter, I feel it necessary to ex- plain, that the office of Magistrate in this colony is sought after with great eagerness, and that a gentle man when once in the commission, or who has any hope of being appointed, is as anxious to secure the office as if he were paid for it. The holding a Com- mission of the Peace is found to be a very great ad- dition to a gentleman's rank, where rank is sought; and where rank is already possessed, the being left out of the Commission is then felt to be a reflection on the party so left out. Gentlemen in the Commis- sion have been stung to the quick by reproofs from Governors; yet they have often felt it prudent to stifle their resentment and waive justification. A Very strik- ing instance of this has lately occurred at the Bench at Patrick's Plains. "The unpaid magistracy of this Colony, therefore, are scarcely less docile and tractable, with regard to the private wishes and leanings of the Governor, (what- ever be may publicly profess) than the paid Magis- trates. In our remote districts, this extreme pliancy on the part of our Justices of the Peace states, in proportion as their residence is distant from Sydney; because, in proportion to such distance, the surveil- lancc of the Governor over their actions, becomes more precarious, especially by the Press." The result of Mr. HALL'S reflections on the present state of things, is that a severe code of laws is necessary to keep the prison population in good order; so severe, as to re- quire especial provision to be made against its abuse, by creating a new office—that of Protectors of Convicts: "These officers should not be appointed in the pleasure of the Governor, nor be dependent on him but on His Majesty's Secretary for the Colonies. "Their duty should be, to make circuits; to hold Courts of Complaint; to listen to the complaints of prisoners; when true, to report them to the Governor and the Secretary of State, severally; when false and malignant, to punish the falsifier in the severest manner on the spot. "Their duty should also extend to enquiring into the administration of justice in the interior, by the paid portion of the Magistracy; to examine the records of the Police offices, and to require answers to all their interrogatories from the paid Magistrates, and from the Clerks of all the Benches; and to re- port thereon, both to the Governor and the Secretary of State, severally. "Their duty should also extend to the visiting of the stockades, the ironed-gangs, and road-gangs; to enquiring into and making minutes of the quantity actually performed since their last circuit. Also into the state of their food and clothing; to ascertain the number of convictions, and the number of lashes in- flicted since their last visit. And finally, to hear the complaints of all volunteers; punishing in the severest manner, all false accusers; and with less 