REPEAL OP THE UNION. As next to governing "wrll, tlie greatest me rit is that of selecting good. Ministers ; so we Believe that next to writing veil is the merit, of making good selections. This secondary merit we claim as oar's in the present number, for what original matter of our ywn could be ' either so good, or so interesting, as the follow ing account from the Obseiiver, ol a meeting held at the Labour Exchange Bazaar, Char lotte-street, London, on the 2 2d February, of t lie friends and advocat es of a Repeal of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland: — " Soon after seven o'clock this spacious and convenient hall began to fill very rapidly, and about 8 o'clock, the hour appointed for busi ness, there could not be less than 5,000 pre sent. The majority was composed of la bourers and respectable looking artizans ; but on and about the platform, and in various other parts of the building, there was a considera ble sprinkling of the belter class of tradesmen, Many most respectable females were also pre sent. Dr. Wade waS unanimously voted to the Chair, and amidst reiterated applause pro ceeded to address tlie Meeting. The Learned Divine said that such an assemblage as that vhicli he had the honour to address — an as semblage of the friends of liberty — was a wor thy sight for the grya&Lib; orator to look upon (cheers). Before Mr. O'Connell and other friends came, lie .(the Chairman) would ; "detail to the Meeting the mode in which it was proposed to conduct the business of I he evening. The object of the present meeting was to produce a discussion on the vital ques tion of the Repeal of the Union now existing between England and .Ireland, and to cause Eitchan expression of'-English. feeling in favor of that repeal slionfd carry with it into high quarters a. strorig"Shd potential influence. A series of resolutions embodying the.-iiiions. of the meeting, would he prbposed by ah. Englishman, and seconded by an Irishman ; a discussion on the merits of' the tjstion would then he open to auy Englishman or Irishman who might choose to take part in it-; and after' \- this, Mr. O'Connell, who wisely preferred to hear the real sentiments of those about him first, would then give them one of his " thafr- dcring" appeals (thunders of app|taO» -If the newspapers spoke the truth, it was- tai l in the House of Commons that the Petitions from Ireland in favotir of repeal were the itnh ippy " fruits of a system of terror and of unjust influ ence. Wise was it, then, tocall this in order to contradict such unworthy asser tions (cheering). " He "would ask them were they the creatures-of terror ? Did 'elfiy care for influence (No, and great .appl an? jf? Were they not volunteers (loud hurras, which were- much prolonged by tile- appearance of Air. Fergus O'Connor, at. P. upon the hustings) ? The utility of that meeting would he proved in this, that the standard of repeal would he planted in the metropolis (cheers),' and then would quickly be seen to float in every town ' throughout England. The. English were slow in their proceedings — they were not so keen of apprehension and so ready-witted as "the Irishybut if they once found that a thing was . right and honest and just, ijon© were-jnore. de termined or more persevering than fhey (eh ecn). The working classes of this country he was proud to say, had always shown them selves hold and active on behalf of tlie holy j cause of freedom and humanity (great cheer | ing). Let it then never be forgotten by them that the present . was not a struggle between . tlie industrious classes of England and the in dustrious classes of Ireland, but that it was a contest between these two united, and agrasjF ing Aristocracy (cheers) — between them and a Chnrch which, robbed them of their due .(continued cheers). With respect to the Union, as it was called, he for one denied that any such thing existed — it was Union 111 name but it was thraldom in effect (cheers). They treated Ireland as a cruel piaster treated his dog — who only scourged, and kicked, and coerced, without ever feeding, or caressing, or cherishing him (loud cheers). He said that . while they so acted the name should not be union, hut dis-union, which meant legion — and that should be inscribed 011 the collars of such- slaves ( cheers). Why if it were only on the ground of expediency — forgetting for a . .time the eternal principles of right and jus tice — they should get this Union 'dissolved without delay. What did they do ? They forced Irishmen to come here—in so wretch ed and debased a state did they keep their . country — and then at an enormous expense transported them hack again, or they sent them to the hulks as felons, when, in fact, the only felons were those who constituted the Government (cheers). If it was true (and who could deny such a proposition ?) that taxation without representation was tyranny; and ought to be resisted, then ought Ireland to resist (loud crie3 of bravo, waving of hats, caps, &c;» and. huzzaing). Yes; Ireland hail no adequate representation, and therefore the Union was . virtually repealed, and all that was required was the mere form of cancelling (clicers). On this subject there was a class of persons not in aptly termed alarmists (loud laughter). Who were they ? There was one Lord Grey (laugh ter, and a cry of " Poor old inan") — there was one Lord Aithorp — and there was tlie land lord of the Crown and Anchor Tavern (great ' laughter, and cries of " name — name", — a landlord of the Crown and Anchor — a very worthy man lie believed, but who was so alarmed at the King's speech that he dare not Jet them his room in which to hold a meeting on this subject. But he was not sorry — for there they could not have assembled to a greater number than 3,000; here they mus tered upward.-; of 5,000 (loud cheers). Some persons have chosen to insinuate a charge of dissaffection against Mr. O'Cumuii, \vir. .O'Connor, and others; dissnff "clion — a sort sf treason (.Mr. O'Connell hero arrived, and 011 being introduced was greeted with ion»"-eon- tinued cheers ; he was accompanied by Mr Christopher Fiizinioa, M.P.). Now lie would only say, that though Air. O'Connell might, look upon this insinuation as " a weak invention of the enemy." lie, as an Englishman, indignantly resented it (cheers); and proud was he to recollect that when such insinuations, were thrown out by the Castlereagh gang.' against tne immortal Grattan, the eloquent/and talented Sheridan had repelled llflk insidious effort by the bold and true assertion that they only were the real enemies of livland who passed the Act of Union against the f clings and wishes of both countries (loud cheers). Tlie whole conduct of this transaction was rascally and bad. What folly, what impiety was it to de clare "that this Union th ould be " eternal !" Who would dare to guarantee that ? and had not not the people a right to do as t hey pleased? (much cheering). We had ever been unjust to Ireland. All our promises had been broken. Onr Very first promise in 1782 was, that she should have a resident independent Legisla ture for ever. This promise had never been fulfilled, and lie, therefore, called upon both to take such decisive steps as should secure the Repeal of the Union between England and Ireland in spite of all opposition, come from what quarter it might (the Learned Divine re sumed his seat amidst great applause). Mr. Cleave then proposed a series of resolu tions which were as follows : — 1st. Resolved, That this Meeting views with feelings of deep regret and sympathy, the present severe distress and consequent just discontent which afflict the great mass of the people in Ireland. 2nd. Resolved, That taking into consideration the many ineffectual efforts which have beer made by the faithful H>rtio:i of its Representatives to obtain justice for that injure 1 and long suffering country (and more particularly adverting to the penal enactment, commonly ca'l.-d the ' Irish Co ere it n Rill"), this Meeting is of opini h t nit Ireland has 110 chance of adequate relief except firm, the beneficial iniluencc and protection of a i domestic Legislature, feelingly alive to her miseries, and completely informed of their causes. 3rd. Resolved, that this Meeting, seriously delibera ting 0:1 the above premises, is of opinion that the Legis lative Union betw.cn Great Britain and Ireland (which was notoriously effected by bribery and other corrupt practices) should be repealed, with 110 further delay than is absolutely necessary. 4th- Resolved That this Meeting, considering the various and contiieting modes in which the aforesaid Union operates on Great Britain solely, is of opinion ;that it's Repeal would be an act, not inertly of justice, but also of prudence, on the part of that prcpondci si ting portion of the United Kingdom. Air. Conrtenay, seconded the recsolutions, and said tliat he concurred in the whole of iUem... The resolutions were then put from the chair, and ca tried. Mr. Fall (of Lanihc(h), rose to move the adoption of a petition to be presented to Far- lfamtnt, and "which embodied the resolutions already passed. He contended that the Union was prejudicial to Ireland; that it had brought destitution on that country, as was proved by the periodical famines that took place-, by which "thousands died annually. The only protection Ireland could expect from England was that which the wolf affords the lamb. In cmsaquence of the Union the linen and silk trades, in which so many hand- loom weavers iucd to be employed had fallen iuto d(ie|ly,7'qjd had been superseded by the cotton manufa'fcfcMrcs 'and the introduction of steam-. (Loudcries of read tlie petition.) He coiitendcoR vfiat Ireland was a kingdom i large enough to have a resident legislature ; I that absentees ought to he taxed ; that tlici r I property ought either to be confiscated, or that they should b.e compelled to sell it to those who would reside in the'eountry. A resi dent legislature would make her prosperous, and cure all her evils. (Cries of O'Connell, and read the Petition.) Air. Donovan, who stated that within the last twelve months he had been transformed into a repealer, seconded the motion. The Petition was read, put from the Chair, and unanimously . lopted. Mr. Alurphy moved a resolution for tlie re peal of the Act of the Union, and for the formation of a IUpcal Association, to be called the London Repeal Association. He said he was one of those who, from the earli est period that- lie could reason and think, had advocated the rPpcal of the Union, and he was very glad that they had come into that rich borough to form an association which would have the effect of convincing; the one- r> » ® imcs of the people that reform was necessary. He had something to say about the dignity of the. King's late Speech (groans). No, it was not the King's Speech, hut it was that of the men who had so often violated their pledges to the people of England, and who contin ued to retain office at the expence, and con trary to the wishes, both of the people of England and Ireland (cheers). He would ask whether the dignity of the King would he lessened by making the people of Ireland hap py (a cry of damn the King !"). Would his dignity be lessened if the people of this country were not burdened with the expcn-ce of paying- troops to coerce the people of Ire land ? (cheers, and cries of " it would not")-? If the question were put to lei in, whether lie would consent to the Repeal of the Union, though it should load to a final separation from, and cause injury to Engkwid, his an swer would be, yes, because the Act of Union was not founded i-n Justice hear!. What right had any nation to interfere with the in ternal government of another ? Why should they be parties to the degradation of the Irish people, who were friends — and why should they allow themselves to be taxed to keep up the Union, and in order that corruptionists might he led and grow fat at their expence ? And even though separation should be the result of Repeal, he for one did not fear the conse quences. He would point to America, and ask what had she suffered by her being sepa rated from England cheers ? He was glad that the present Association was going to be formed, and as they were about to have a new election for the borough, he trusted that the electors would call upon the candidates to pledge themselves on the hustings to support Che Repeal of the Union cheers. "AID Capenter seconded the resolution. Mr. O'Connel advanced to the front of the platform, and was received with loud and general bursts of ap plause. The Honourable and Learned Member seemed to be really affected by the enthusiastic reception be met with, nnd remained some minutes before be could make himself heard. lie spoke in substance as fol lows iThis is one of the most pleasing, and yet one of tbe'mOst awful moments of my political' life, in which I see myself standing for the tpj$i lime before such a large auditory— before so many Englishmen, as the advocate of the legislative independence of my country cheers. The oligarchs — the monopolists of power— all those who absorb everything themselves, and who only leave the dregs and lees to tlie people, -will sneer when they hear that I have talked of being awfully-impressed before the mighty multitude by which I am surrounded. Rut they do not feel the full force of moral electricity, which, like the electricity ot hea ven, is weak when divided into small particles ; but when those particles are compressed and conglo merated in some lowering cloud, they burst forth and annihilate mortals. Such is the electricity — such the moral force of the combined mind ; and I feel it in all its strength as I stand before the people of England the advocate of my country loud cheers. I am a barrister of tuasy years standing, and 1 now have Ireland for my client (laughter and cheers). Oh, never had a man so interesting, so endearing a client, one so worthy of having all the powers of the head and heart exerted in her behalf. It's true she k, not cover ed with splendid mansions— gorgeous palaccs--rich and extensive manufactures— her agriculture is not pushed to English perfection — she abounds not with the wealth, capital, and riches that your country docs — ,yet has she strong claims on the heads and hearts of her children. This lovely land suffers not at the hands of God so much as at those of men — she endures and suffers the severest pestilence that' ever fell on a coun try, and she suffers it by reason of the mismanage ment of men. lam still the advocate of this country, and 1 shall argue. the question of her right and of her duty to have a domestic Parliament. 1 "Shall advocate the Repeal of the Union, unci if I have not as ye; fully advocated it before an English Parliament, it is because they have too much pride, and perhaps too many ether qualities, which it is safer to think of than describe (cheers). It has been said that I Iu.vj been continually appealing to the passions of the p. ople ol. Ireland. Why, that is but one of the many calumnies.' that have been heaped upon me. I have often said .hat I was the best abused man in the kingdom ; but peculiar compliment .has been passed upon ine since 1 came this last time to England. I have been often scolded by many persons ; but never until this Ir s: visit of mine to t .is country have I been scolded hv tnv King-- (cheers and laughter). I most humbly thank his Majesty for the compliment (renewed cheers and laughter). I have not appealed to the passions of tie- Irish people — I have appealed to their judgment ; and if in doing so their passions have beer, excited, it ha.- been through the medium of their judgment, and he its dictates, when they saw their rjgtys and liberties- taken from-them, and when they saw that they were refused having them restored (cheers). But at am rate it won! ! b.e absurd in me toappeal to the passions of the people of England. I cap obtain r,o hold or. (heir minds but by argum«n£(ahd unless I bring con viction to their :inderstancifnS'jfr can hope for nr. power over them. Indeed,- unless prejudice had ope rated in your minds against me 'and the cause I ad vocate, I should not now ven-fc.ii'e to address you. i 'o rever, I have one pleasant conviction ; if my cause is good, no man ever stood before so impartial a jury — before so just a tribunal — for I stand before one ronipo8td of an asiembly of Englishmen (cheers). One of the questions I will put is, whether the Re peal would scire England, but as they say, in the House of Commons? There is a previous question, " Is is just" (cheers)? Even on the appeal to th: justice of England, without aay other consideration, I will call for your support. The hireling op ponents of Repeal tell us it would lead to separa tion. Ilow ? Let thpm prove it ; their assertions I laugh to scorn. I will -'"11 you the good that Repeal would do. It would niakeirosperoiis Ireland a market for manufacturing England. Rut why should we seek separation from a country so wealthy as England ? Ir it human nature t ) cut the aequintance of rich friends ? Which of you would not rather have a wealthy neigh bour then a poor one? This is the case of Ireland; there is no motive fur sej aration ; the temptations are all the other wav'u hut the connexion should he fair and hon ourable, pf equfii with equal, not as servant and mas ter—as tyrant and slave cheers. From fiie year 1172 to 1800 — for a period of six hundred and twenty- eight years — Ireland had her separate Parliament, and never dreamed of separation. Is she not now the only con nexion of Great Britain wliich docs not enjoy this prc- vilege ? Newfoundland, the Lower and Upper Cana- das— even Botany Bay has its separate legislature ; gjid this, so far from weakening the connection, will be found, the firmest link that binds them to Great Britain. Is Ireland unlike the rest of the world — is sho such an .anomaly that the motives which influence the whole human race should have no effect upon her (hear hear !) ? America furnishes an instance of the stability which separate legislatures afford. One of the Stales the other day threatened to separate because she was unjusth taxed ; -the threat procured. her justice, and that justice strengthened the basis which bound her to the Union. But these arc instances not very acceptable to the aristo cracy to whom the success of the democratic principle b an abomination. If Ireland legislate for herself, one of the consequences would lie, that Englishmen would not, as now, pay the thirds of their earnings in- taxation. - Why you are taxed Bom head to foot, cap-a-pie ' your drink is taxed. — your food .is taxed — your medicine is taxed— your grave is takeu — you are taxed dead and alive (clicers and laughter). The Americans, with their separate legislatures, would not stand this — their ghosts would rise, from their graves and scare away the tax- gatherer. In 1782, when Ireland achieved her indepen dent through the exertions of her great and gifted Grattan, did mis.-hief follow ? What was the history, of that period ? George the Third, the English King, as they called him, and afterwards the good old King (for they nick-named him from the cradle to the grave), insisted on taxing the A'mericans against their will. These latter took the liberty to revolt. Tliey were as sisted by the Dutch, the Spaniards, and the French ; and the brave English navy overpowered by numbers for nothing else could make them flinch — were obliged to flee from the contest, and take shelter beneath their batteries. What did Ireld then ? Did she aim at separation — did rise deny support? No! Her inde pendent .Legislature at once voted a force of 32,000 men to man the British Navy (hear hear!). Before 17 wggks a great x>rtion of that number were or bourd, and again the native flag of England — " The flag that bore a thousand years The battle and the breeze," floated triumphant over its own 'cean clement (loud cheers). With the aid of his Irish. auxiliaries the brave Rodney pursued the French to the West Indies — I r.ced not tell the issue (hear hear !). 1 11 the independence of Ireland rests the security of Britain. For I Iris too I seek Repeal; but first 1 seek it because it is just. I seek it because I was born in an indc-, anient nation, and shall not relax in my efforts to descend to the grave with the same boast (cheers). Let rne ask what good does the Union do England? It may do good to Crock fords, and some of the hells and clubs about Kt. James's, by the Irish absentees spending their rents there. Million aires and stock-jobbers may gain by it ; but it brings no profit to the people (hear). M ere Ireland free and prosperous — and the Repeal would render her so, then the people of England would be gainers by the connec tion. America again furnishes indeed a proof of this : Before her independence, and when her trade with Eng land was compulsory, her consumption of English pro duce amounted only to one million and a half — they sa.v tinae millions. Well, well I- will concede if to them". What was the result of her indeptaadenee ? . W hv, in three years after that even, her consumption amounted to 15 millions. Let us take another simple illustration: — Which would a shop-keeper pre fur rich, er poor cus tomers ? Why, if I went into any shop upon the Strand, and, with my Kerry brogue, asked the question, the shop-keeper would knock me down for my silly imperti nence (a laugh). It is the same with nations as with individuals. If Ireland was but allowed to grew pros perous by domestic legislation, you would have in your neighbours, not bog-trotting mountaineer invaders, Lut good and wealthy customers (cheers). England, with ail her. power of steam and machinery, could scarcely manfacturc her various commodities as quickly as Ire land would send her provisions for the purchase of them (c leers). South America furnished another instance of the advantage to England which accrued from the pre valence of national freedom. The importation, before she shook of her yoke, was m more than half a million. In the third year of her independence, even though it had been bought with blood, and distracted by party strife, Mexico alone imported to the amount of six mil lions. What good would it do the English? It would make a market for their manufacturers, at the same time that if would keep at home the swarm of Irish la bourers who glut your market, compelled to seek support in your land, and underbid your labouring poor in their anxiety to procure employment (hear hear !). Suppose Repeal were granted, a law would soon be passed to en force the residence of the proprietary, and if they did not consent, means would be compassed to enable them to sell out. The income from the produce of the laud would be spent in the land — the demand for labour would rise l:i the market. Suppose it were announced in Ireland that 100,000 workmen were wanted — how it would change the aspect of things here ! Instead of tae artizau t soliciting employment the maste. s would send the bell-man around. to offer a bonus for workmen.,. In cendiary fires (and abominable crimes as they are, they are still deinc nstrative of m'sery), would be at an end. The wretched hordes fryn Mayo, Gal way, Kerry, and Cork who worked for Gd. or 8d. per day, would no longer intrude < n English industry (hear, hear, hear !) Yet these poor creatures should be rather pitied thun blamed. They U y in ditches — they lived alincst on notLing — they were he most saving cruatuics on earth ; yet the object of their self-deiiil was a high and a holy \- ne. I' .vii., a pars'inony ennobled by the motive. The deslitu'c wrm ;n at home, the chidren wanting bread, pLointc 1 the economy, and the feelings of their hearts repaid the m for the privation of thcic. appetites (hear, hear!). And oh ! when he met her in the brightness' of her tears, and looked into the merry eyes of huhalf- ehitiicil inf, a:, and embraced the chirping creatures of h's love, and heard again the prattling voices whose re membered echoes made Lis heart's music in another land, .vas he not repaid fjr his labour and privation ? The immigration of these who were torn hv necessity from their affections drew down upon England a great por tion of li -r agricultural distress, and was, in 110 slight degree, the euu.e of her misery, despair, and ctinie. The Learned Gentleman then proceeded to show, that in a rcprescutaiivo and legislative view, the Union was very detrimental to England, bv throwing into the hands of the several Ministers, from >':tt to Castlereagh, and fioni C'a tlercagii t Canning, all the hungry expectants who, before tlie Reform Bill, were returned for Ireland. He clntlenged inquiiy as to whether he, during his Par- ' I arneiitary carter, lard made any distinction between English and Irish que>ticns. lie contended that rcja-al wo ul 1 detract from the overgrown power of the English l.g irey. He pronounced the present reform to be but the machinery of a future and more effective one, ami insisted, that with an independent Parliament in Ireland, a race of rivalry in good government would commence ' between the two countries, which must end in the in- ere ee-J happiness and frceedom of both. Mr. F. O'Co-ner, M. P. next, addicsscd the meeting 1:1 a very energetic speech, and was followed by Mr. G.aily, who proposed that thePetitiou should be el:- . t "listed for presentation in the House of Commons toMr.'" CoLLctt, arid that Mr. Fielding be requested to support its prayer. A Committee of inanagimcnt wasappoiuted, and District meetings annrenc d an id the cheers of the assembly. Several persons enrolled themselves as Mem bers, and tlie meeting shortly after separated. There was a considerable collection at the door to defray the expenees ; the surplus to be devoted to the purposes of the Association. 