THE UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGE. From Tait's Magazine — December, 1833. [CONTINI'ED FnOM OHK LAST.] We now come to the habits which are consequent upon the facilities to sensual indulgence. I have known an Undergraduate drunk for a whole fortnight without a moment's interruption, excepting such interruption as sleep forced on his unwilling senses. He made himself drunk as soon as he awoke in the morning: : ' brandy' was the morning cry, bottled ale the substance of breakfast, three bottles of wine washed down his dinner, and drams sealed him up for the night. I have known an Undergraduate keep bed in a brothel the perfect cycle of twenty-four hours. I myself was sent to bring him away. 1 have known, in more than ono instance, a vio lent attachment between public women and Undergradu ates ; and in two instances it required ell the dexterity of the young men's relations to separate them from the. vile objects of their attachment. One of these, a high Patri cian, was scarcely saved from a disgraceful matrimony with a prostitute. Other young men apply their time and talents to the cursed art of seducing particular females, and with very general success. To say that a very large majority of the female servants at Cambridge are fallen characters, is unquestionably trite ; 1 never saw, or knew, or heard of one that was not. But, alas ! seduction does not stop here ; it is carried on amongst the daughters and wives of respectable citizens. 1 know what 1 say, and should be most grieved to publish such a fact, if I did not know it to be true. These things arc doubtless going on now, (for what has happened to prevent?) and they will go on till that just day of retribution when this horrid seat of sin shall be visited with merited vengeance from an offended and insulted nation. One case deserves notice. A friend of mine returned to Cambridge sooner thnn tlie required time after llip Christmas vacations. He explained his motives for re turning thus early, by telling me that he had come for the express purpose of continuing his stolen interviews with the fascinating wife of a respectable tradesman. A note brought to him that evening ran thus : — ' Dear Sir, — My poor sister has been ill some days of a dangerous fever. There is no chance of her recovery ; she knows she is dying and begs you to tliink of her no more. She hopes that there is forgiveness both for you and for her. I am,' &c.; The remark made upon this awful note struck me as most unfeeling :— ' How d——d provoking to come back to Cambridge for nothing ?' * * * The Fellows have, in too many instances, their mis nesses. The chaplain of one College, wliofor many years i used to conduct the worship of God for his society, bad i long been living with another man's wife. He came from i his unhallowed bed to the reading-desk every day, and it is said that a large family was the result of his einful con- ' venation . The mistresses of some of the Dons might be indicated by those who love scandal, for these things are notorious : and in one or two instances, where a few years ago the sense of decorum at least was sufficiently strong to prevent this public indecency, there is now no shame felt in keeping a concubine. One demure Fellow of a College . used, in my time, to pay a visit to his mistress with un deviating punctuality every Wednesday night. The lady's doors were on that night birred against all other visitors. 1 have seen him, in broad daylight, walking with her on the high road, he being in full academical costume. It is needless to add, that he was a priest. Ab they love old customs, and the wisdom of ancestors, it is probable that they would seek authority for such practices in the decrees of Gratian, in which it is laid down on the au thority of a Council of Toledo, ' Qui non habel uxorem, loco illius concubinam debet habere.' Dist. 39. Kd 1. Paris, 1512. The life of an Undergraduate may be well imagined to be little profitable either to body or to soul. Your Royal Highness shall hear how a day is spent by a young gentle man of fashion. At seven o'clock he goes to chapel , swearing vehemently at the disagreeable penance of leav ing his bed in a cold morning for ' such d——d non sense.' He enters chapel in his night-shirt, and a pair of trousers, and a night-gown hastily thrown on. When his devotions are ended. Tie returns to bed. After two or three hours' additional repose he rises to a late breakfast. Some friends come in : they breakfast on all the approved condiments of the University dejeunt. A good deal of bottled ale is drank, some cherry-brandy, and a bottle of soda-water finishes the matub'ne repast. The young gen tlemen then bring forth their tandem-whips, and sit at the windows cracking their whips, and hitting such passers by as it maybe convenient or safe to flagellate. A dog, a chimneysweeper, or perhaps a gyp,* are dexterously ' punished.' After an hour spent in this and similar idleness, the parly sally forth to the livery-stables; ami if they go not a-hunting, mount their riding- horses, their tandems, or their curricles, drive about till Hall-time, of which the dinner serves them as a luncheon. After lun cheon they either again take to their equestrian studies, or lounge about in the shops and streets carry on their amours, and plot the denouement of their contemplated seductions. At six or seven o'clock at some friend's rooiv, they eat and drink with Scythian appetites. The noise and zeal of the revel increase ; glees, catches, rounds, and provocations to bumpers, work up the minds of the youths to a frenzy of drunkenness : ' very good song, very viell sung,' sounds from many chambers : and would that songs were not sometimes heard worse than this ! About one or two o'clock in the morning, the Bacchana lian rout commences. Comus, with all his beastly train could not roar louder, or act with more violent intem perance than these children of wine and riot in the ' im maculate and generous University of Cambridge.' Lamps aud windows arc broken, knockers are wrenched off the defencoless doors, shop-boards ore torn down and car ried off as trophies, and the night-capped citizens peep from behind the window-shutters in amazement and alarm. Fights commence in the streets; a stray 'snob' or a wandering beggar is terribly beaten ; coal-heavers are attacked ; the cry of ' gown' and ' town' runs through the alleys ; a Imndredauxiliariesrush forth from a hundred supper-tables ; the coal-vesseli, moored to the banks of the Cam, pour forth their dusky warriors, and mighty is the din, and vehement the battle, and furious the on slaught, and much the blood spilt under the silent and conscious moon. The victorious gownsmen (and victory is generally with them) then retire for the rest of the darknew to the brothels ; ' they assemble themselves by troops in the harlots' houses,' and things are done before many witnesses which Juvenal alone could describe. Prom the morals we pass to the religion of the University, whicl),.according to our author's represen tation, is as dry and meagre as the sensuality is grots and succulent. The University of Cambridge produces half the religion of the religion of the kingdom, according to the notions of the Church of England, which acknowledges and knows of no religion but her own. Cambridge is the evcr-teaming fountain of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons ; the Masters of Colleges are frequently dignitaries of the Church, and two-thirds of all the Fellows of the Colleges are Priests. The general style of preaching, excepting the sermons of the Evangelical party, is dry, profitless, and anti- Christian. The gospel is quite unknown, and indeed rarely ever alluded to. They preach about virtue and justification by good works, a little against enthusiasm, a good deal about subordination and the duty of being a Tory. They warn the hearers against ' the spirit of the age,' blow up the coals of Tophet for the Reform Bill and all its adherents, and exalt kings and governors, noblemen, bishops, and magistrates. There is, however, nothing like eloquence to recommend their bad doctrine. Their heathenism is too insipid to be palatable. Religion, however, at Cambridge, is not merely a crazy state machine : it is a positive evil full of deadly poison. Nothing can be conceived worse than the system of forcing the Undergraduates to attend chapel and take the sacra ment Instead of calling over the names of the youngtnen, which would answer all the purposes required, violent means are taken to secure their attendance at chapel seven or eight times a-week. The most religious mind could find nothing but penance in such a drudgery. It is ma nifestly considered a mere bodily annoyance by all that go to prayers. The statutes command that the Fellow should attend chapel as punctually as the Undergraduates ; but the law slumbers for them , and some of the resident Fel lows never go to chapel once in the whole year. The Tutors and Deans are obliged for decency's sake to attend with tolerable regularity : their absence would be too barefaced : but ' Weary wo it is, and labor dire.' I have seen Fellows take books to read in chapel during divine service : their elevated situation, and the size of the folio prayer books, conceal their secret studies from all whs are not sitting with them in the stalls. Hut what have I not witnessed at chapel i Acts of disorder and profane levity which would scarcely be decent in the shil ling gallery of a theatre. The evil effects of this forced and unnatural religion may easily be supposed. The mind is, in too many in stances, eet against attending any place of worship ; and seeds of disgust to things which deserve the deepest rever ence are sown too deep, and take root too noon, to be easily eradicated. Thus it is, that the evil aversions are as much ge nerated in this unhappy system as the vicious plea sures; a disinclination fur tilings good being produced by the enforced discipline, while an inclination to things evil is promoted (torn the want of proper restraint But there are theformsof piety; aye, the forms, which caricature the substance. But the colleges are very devout, for religion precedes and religion follows every meal. There is a fragment of mass executed before the Fellows sit down to table. 1'wo scholars enter the Hall, take up the printed form, and be gin in alternate Latin Antiphonics to pour forth pious ver sicles (uited to the solemn occasion. The concluding prayer, after the dinner at Trinity College, petitions, atnongtft other strange things, that the Fellows may ' rite tacternal life, along wiife King Henry VIII., and Henry StnnUm.' 'Birds of a feather 6ock together,' as the saying is ; Henry VIU. and the Fellows of the Trinity College are not without reason united. After supper it is promised us that mir youth shall berenewed likeaneagle's ; 'Renovabitur ut aquila iuventas tuas' perhaps it is in tended by thus whimsically coupling eagles and suppers, td remind us of certain texts of scripture concerning eagles and carcasses. * A male servant of the College, who drinks ale, and occasionally pilfers from his employers. On saint-days there is more religion at dinner ; the whole choir in surplices enter the Hall in procession, and sing an mlliem. A short strophe and antistrophe is performed ; mil then the Fellows, after a due baptism with rose-water, retire in religious orderto the Combination Room, to finish their reverence of the Saints in monastic bumpers and col legiate toasts. On Trinity Sunday, Trinity College, of course, puts forth all its orthodoxy. It is the birth-day of the College, the grand feast of sound opinions. Even the cooks are Athanasian on that day, and it is fixed by an irrevocable decree, that green peas shall appear on the Fellows' tables. Every imaginable luxury and every pos sible pomp celebrates the triumphs of Saint Athanasius; and even Arian Fellows join in orthodox compotations against George of Cappadocia. And in what place more appropriate can I speak of that sacred officer, the college cook ? He certainly must be viewed as a religious character ; for when the office is vacant, the Master and his Council of Senior Fellows re tire to the chapel, are locked up in secret conclave, and there, with what rites 1 know not, proceed to the election of this personage, on whom the happiness of the whole Society mainly depends.* Whether there be a mystical ordination, whether lie be initiated by some ineffable ritual, whether he swear according to some secret rubric, and (ap pendix of the consecration of Archbishops and Bishops) that he will dress good dinners and execute all the science of his craft in a workman-like and Vitellian manner, we know not, but that he is elected in The chapel, and in secret, is certain. The learning is the next topic. The learning of Cambridge may be thus enumerated : — Divinity, classics mathematics, in all its branches, civil law, metaphysics, and logic. The divinity I have already explained. The logic is a mere nominal study, of which hardly any one knows even the rudiments; a few who study civil law make themselves masters of the syllogistic forms of disputation requisite for keeping the Acts in the schools, Metaphysics have a half-existence ; 'Locke on the Understanding,' is nominilly considered a book for examination, and a few printed questions are given to the examinees ; hut, it is said, that small atten tion is paid to the answers, and, in short, metaphysics am nearly neglected. Thereis a sect of refined metaphy sicians in the University, but their speculations are far too profound for the general compass of intellects. Their system being that of Kant, and consisting of the subli mations of double distilled Germanism, is better suited for opium-eaters, mystics, cabalisti, rosicrusions, and evocators, than for the pudding-hunting students of Cam bridge. As learning in this University is directed towards the solidity of a fellowship or a fat living, the young gentlemen know what they are about too well to solicit the cold and cloudy embraces of a German ghost, who, though she might lead them to the churchyard would not lead them to the church- tithes. ** The great College of Trinity pre-eminently encourages the classics, for the examiners occasionally elect to the valuable fellowships of that house young men who cannot answer a single mathematical question. The classical character of this University has been, according to gene ral belief, rapidly advancing in the last twenty years ; and certainly they have succeeded in introducing a sys tem for superior to that which existed thirty years ago. The great giant in this work was Poison, who, with his stupendous knowledge of all the intricacies of criticism has, with the swagger of a bully, tyrannized in the art of restoring the text of the Greek tragedies. It has been the fashion, since his time, to study the Greek tragedies with extreme attention to word and metres ; so that, in reality, hypercriticism is the fashion at Cambridge. They have, indeed, wire-drawn the art, and brought it to that perfection that it will not be possible to add much more to this elaborate trifling. If a Cambridge scholar wishes to gain repute, he is sure to publish a Greek tragedy, (the three hundred and fifty-seventh edition, perhaps,) and in some pert coxcomb notes to sneer at former editors about a particle or a metre. Hence a learned man here, is a person who is a sharp-scented critic, who has dis covered some new canon applicable to the structure of a chorus, or has raised some doubt about an optative mood. The following remarks apply, in greater or less de gree, to the whole scheme of English education : — It is lamentable to reflect on the education of the young gentlemen of England. They are generally sent to a public school, say Eton, which is unquestionably the worst school in England ; there, for five years, they learn a few fragments of the Greek and Latin authors, done, up in se lections, and which might, by a scholar, be easily read in a fortnight. They make a great many Latin verses, which an Eton boy soon acquires a habit of constructing with slovenly rapidity; and they learn by heart much Greek and Latin verse. Nothing useful in any way is taught them ; they know nothing of history, nothing of any sci ence, nothing of the great questions that are agitated in this age. A more ignorant creature could hardly be found than a first-rate Eton boy. From this bad and immoral school they go to Cambridge, still worse, and ten-fold more immoral ; and there they bring into play the smat terings of Greek and Latin which they had acquired at Eton, read a few more Greek tragedies or comedies, make some elegant epigrams, and, being fully initiated into the fashionable ' cram' of the University, obtain the prizes, and finally, perhaps, if the church be their destiny, the fellowships and livings of the colleges. After which, they grow large, read the Quarterly Review and the Standard newspaper, and die at last of the fat rot. These are the clerical gentlemen : the lay gentlemen transmigrate into the genius booby, become country squires, magistrates, and members of Parliament, whose ignorance and darkness are too notorious to require any comment. The system of aristocratical education is surely the most whimsical ever heard of. It amounts to this, — that a gentleman ought to be instructed in those things which have no connexion with their views in that station of life to which they may be afterwards called. We are assured that mathematics are the best preparation for a judge, that Latin verse is the most excellent foundation for a member of Parliament, that a future Bishop should be complete master of Greek tragedies and comedies, that a knowledge of the amours of the gods and goddesses, and of the impurity of the classical writers, is the best groundwork for a parson, and that a country magistrate should read the first four books of Euclid. If it is suggested that a judge should have studied law in all its branches, a parson theology, and a member of Parliament history and jurisprudence, they cry out against such a system as full of mischief. Why, then, should not a future farmer be taught weaving, a weaver be instructed in the care of cows, a linen-draper learn how to thresh corn, a Newmarket jockey mature his skill on a tailor's board, and a tailor finish his education at * It is said that the cook at a great College receives a salary of £500 -per annum. His office must be the most valuable next to the Master's-, for in addition to his sa lary, he has all the profits from the private dinners ordered by the Fellows and Undergraduates. Them; profits at the lowest calculation must be splendid, and worthy of any one's acceptance. In addition to these good things, there is a mysterious charge of thirteen shillings every term for ' detriments' to every Undergraduate. These detriments are all paid to the cook. The real meaning of this hiero glyph is salt, mustard, pepper, and vinegar, which no one could expect to find as the eso eric meaning of 'detri- ments.' I made some enquiries about the matter, and put my calculations into the hands of persons who might have taken steps to prevent it. I also made proposals to some tradesmen for a contract for these ' detriments :' the highest contract to furnish the tables per term was £20. It might in reality be done for half that sum. Supposing there are 300 persons so charged, it will amount to nearly £600 per annum. I have been told, that lately these 'detriments' have not been introduced in the accounts in one sum, once a term, but are scattered through the ac counts more frequently in smaller sums. Has the conse crated personage heard any murmuring about his ihyro- glyph ? Let the parties who suffer inquire into this sub ject, and take steps accordingly. It is said, also, that the college bakers charge 100 per cent, above the market price of bread : I know not if this be true, but it certainly ought to be ascertained. The Undergraduates ought to have a standing committee of their own, to detect and prevent the numerous impositions practised on them at the University. Newmarket ! If such a system would be ridiculous imongsl plebeians, what can make it not ridiculous imongst aristocrats ? The fact is, the system is established: it is the interest of a swarm of useless men to keep it so, who would be mined if it were altered ; and, therefore, to prove that what is, is right, they have recourse to sophis try, and to arguments which no rational person would listen lo. Mr. Beverley anticipates, and disposes of a trite defence. Jewels have been found on dunghills ; and hence, if dunghills had a voice, and a logic like that of advocates of the Universities, they would argue that dunghills were the places to which men should look for jewels. Nightmen call themselves gold finders, not because their general occupation is the handling of gold, but because now and then they find a stray piece. A similar claim have the Universities to the production of genius. Mr. Beverlev looks to the common material, and not to the rare exception. He asks what they make of common men, and not what uncommon men niakeof them. When thevotive offerings of those who had been saved from shipwreck were exhibited in honour of the god, the answer was, ' But where are the memorials of those who have perished?' For the few whose names honour the Universities, how many have been wrecked and lost in them! I request your Royal Highness to look at the gentle men of England, as they are to be seen at this present time, for an abundant proof of the miserable education which the Universities afford. I request you to remark the conversatoin of the young pratricians at the London dinner- tables; to notice their general conduct and habits of life everywhere: to follow them to their homes, as well at in public, aud with your own eyes and cars to ascertain the true state of the case. The gentlemen of England are, generally speaking, an ignorant caste ; ig norant to such a degree as, by persons who never have inquired into the subject, could scarcely be credited. A large irajority of the patricians are incapable of sustaining a conversation on any subject of history, science, or literature. Their minds have never been cultured at the public schools and universities; they have learned things there which never can be of any use lo them, things which tend in no respect to purify or ennoble the intellect, but which keep them grovelling on the earth in all the dark ness of die natural man. i'lieir morals have been tainted and their minds unimproved ; so that they turn out at last useless members of society, and are lit only for the degradation of Almack6, or the opprobrium of the dog kenni'l and the stables. Let not tin: Universities bring forth a Canning or a Pitt. Canning, truly, was fond of quoting a few Latin verses ; and even Pitt, from the more serious occupation of bribing Bishops and Members of Parliament, could occasionally descend to trifle with a few lines from Horace ; but il is a strange mistake to imagine that these notorious men would not have been notorious without a University edu cation. Talent will appear without the questionable help of a Cambridge tutor, lf.howcvei. some patrician Whig ? or Tory, who reads this Letter, si.ould ti^h with regret over the departed quotations of Canning's ' elegant on. tory,' let sucli cheer up tlieir ilroonin:.: spirits, and know, , that a string of quotations from Virgil and Horace might ; be published as a manual for the Reformed House of Commons, by which, with a single day's study, 'the j Members' might be armed with elegancies enough for all subjects that ever can be debated ; for if all the quota tions ever made use of iu British senatorial speeches were extracted and numbered, they would be found not to ex ceed fifty. Honorable gentlemen and noble lords return to old hack verses with wonderful fidelity ; they seldom wander far from the safe boundaries of the Eton Latin Grammar. The present House of Commons, however, is very different from whatitusedtobe. TheTory dictation is at an end, and the days of Whig deception are num bered. The aristocratical power, has received, by the Reform Bill', a heavy blow on the head; and the day is not far distant when even the prodigious Mr. Stanley, lover and ravisher of the Church as by law established, will he consigned to that contempt which his despotic principles justly merit. We are in a fair way to be rid of squires' and noblemen's sons; and Cambridge and Oxford will, perhaps, ere long, have to weep in vain for their dear children, swallowed up in the rising flood of plebeians and manufacturers. To this consideration add also, that the present House of Commons is but little disposed to listen to scraps of Virgil from Mr. Stanley, or rags of Horace from Mr. Macauley. A new style of oratory has been introduced ; and it is said that the roost efficient orators are those who can best bark like a dog, mew like a cat, or crow like a cock. A violent cough is now the chief argument, and a loud roar the most ap proved answer. The House of Commons is more a mena gerie of beasts than a chamber for debates. Mr.UevcrJey sums up : — The practical effect of the Universities is to produce a vitiated Aristocracy. They have been admirable contri vances in past times for supporting the great Leviathan ; but the doctrine of Hobbes is no longer tolerated in the British Isles ; and the mighty image, whose head is of gold and whose feet are of clay, shall be broken to pieces, and become like chaff of the summer thrashing-floors. It is not enough now to nourish the Patricians, and to make all things tend to their exclusive profit and glory. The nation will no longer bear the dominion of that lordly nuisance, the Church of Kngland; and, seeing that it draws its heart-blood, and all its mischievous strength from the Universities, will, ere long, strike such a har poon into the flanks of the great creature, as may enable a Reformed Parliament to cut it up, and sell it for useful purposes. The Universities are eminently aristocratical; all their bearings, direct, and indirect, tend to foster the power of the magnates. The young nobles are held in high veneration at Cambridge. They differ from the rest in dress; they are clothed in cloth of gold; they dine with the collegiate dignitaries on elevated platforms ; they have precedence, worship, and respect ; are placed in stalls to say their prayers over the heads of the baser born beneath them. But, far more than this, every gra duate must pas under the yoke of the Established Church which concentrates all the dominion of the Patrician order. Many plebeians are unquestionably educated at the Universities- but the process of tests brings them all into the Church and perhaps half the plebeians who have taken degrees become Priests of the Establishment. Ple beians elevated into the priesthood, not only become part and parcel of that body for which Dukes, Earls, and Barons, Archbishops and Bishops, are ready to put their all on a venture, but are themselves the most ignorant and violent Tories in England. The baser the origin of a clergyman, so much the more furiously does he rage in behalf of the Duke of Wellington, the Bishops, Don Miguel, and the royal strumpet of La Vendée. On the behalf or the Dissenters, he says,— If there were no other call for a strong remedy of the manifest abuses of the University, it would be sufficient to point out the fact that every person who takes his first de gree there must be a bona-fide member of the Church of England as by law established. Under such a system as this it is id vain to call Cambridge and Oxford Universi ties, for, in fact, they are particular Universities or uni- versal monopolies; contradictions in term which demand that they should henceforward not be styled Universities but Particularities. What, we would ask, would be more ab surd and more becoming barbarians, than that a Priest should stand at the fountain-head of a science, and say, ' No man shall drink of these waters unless he swears that he belongs to our sect?' What can be more profane than thus to tack a declaration of religion to matters totally un connected with religion ? What connexion is there in as tronomy and believing in Bishops? Where is the point of union between the thirty-nine Articles? What have optics to do with ' the ordaining of Priests and Deacons! Why should they, who have passed three years in prepar ing for the examinations, such as they are, be met at the end of their pilgrimage with the dead wall of a test ? That this should be the end of their labours is the most unex pected of all events ; ' to be a bonâ- fide member of the Church of England,' after the moral and intellectual pre paration of the University, is the last transformation which a philosopher could have anticipated. It is a most shame ful insult on the faith of Christians, and renders complete that system of deception and force which marks the genius of the Church of England. That this contrivance of kid napping young men into the Establishment is an utter failure in foro conscientiæ, and that it only produces dissi mulation and encourages lying, where people think at all, or profaneness and wreckless indifference where they do not choose to think, is a very small matter with the Rulers of the Universities. These considerations are far beneath their attention ; they would gladly people all England with liars, sooner than give a degree to one conscientious Dissenter : the question is not who shall be admitted, but who shall be excluded. All the villains in England that have been baptized, and do not go to a Dissenter's chapel, are ' bonâ-fide members of the Church ;' why then, they argue, should any enquiries be made about the candidates for Degrees, further than by making them subscribe a test 1 To be a Member of the Church of Christ and a Member of the Church of England, are as opposite as East and West. But, in truth, the young men have, in the course of their University education, been so used to a mechani cal and prostitute religion ; have been so accustomed to be driven to chapel, and to act the hypocrite, as a part of collegiate duty ; have so long seen the faith of Christians disfigured and abused for carnal and secular purposes ; have been so long trained themselves to take a part in the masquerade and mummery of a ceremonious imposture, that it never gives them a moment's uneasiness to take any test when they receive their degree. The Senate House is not a temple dedicated to conscience ; the greater part think not about what they are doing ; they would swear any number of oaths that ' the generous and immaculate University' might require. It is only to the serious and conscientious that it is a stumbling- block : tender consci ences either wound themselves by telling lies, or keep away from the Universitis to avoid the sin. The careless, the profane, the dissolute, leap as easily over these barriers as they will do the five-barred gates, when they shall have entered the Brahminical cast, and shall begin to preach the gospel of peace through lithographed sermons. But the real secret of the system of subscriptions is, ' to insult and exclude the Dissenters.' All other reasons are mere pretences; this is the object and the only object of a custom unknown even in the dark ages, and invented only by the modern Church of England, which in all her short history has ever been framing 'mischief by a law.' In fine, he observes of Cambridge, which we be lieve is not a whit more debauched than its sister, Oxford:— It has a religion of rituals joined to a debased standard of morals, which legitimates impurity to preserve wealth and oppresses with ceremonies those whom it deprives of consolation. Learning here is an accumulation of refined trifles; science, the acquisition of profitless abortions speedily smothered by emoluments, or rarely quickened into active life. Tithes and salaries are the extent of a Professor's wishes, and the whole extent of his achieve ments. .Menial exertion is rewarded with sloth, and gifts to the belly oppress the aidour of talent. Young men who came for instruction arc loo often infected with the general depravity, and go away with a load of debt and the empty honour of a degree. Men of prayer are in imminent peril of backsliding, and repentant debauchees lapse into heresy. Fellowships are a temptation to a sin ful celibacy, and religious tests encourage deceit and foster dissimulation. In one word, the University seems to be a slaughter-house of consciences and a kingdom of evil. 