NEW SOUTH WALES INTELLIGENCE, (From the TASMANIAN, NOV. 8, 1833.) Sydney Journals to the 23d October, have reached us during the past week, from which we give the following extracts. Of the weather, and the prospect of the crops, they write thus " The early-sown well cultivated fields still, to the astonishment of every one, retain a fine colour and healthy appearance ; but, if the present wea- ther holds, the crop cannot fail to be short and light, as it is impossible the ears can fill without further moisture : the late-sown crops have gone off much within the month, or have made but slow progress, and little return can be expected from them. The price of wheat continues to rise in the interior. At present, at Goulburn Plains, the current price is 9s. per bushel, and many buy- ers, as most of the graziers begin to find their stock of grain fall short of their wants."-Sydney Gazette, 12th Ort " Whoever propose to contract with our Deputy Commissary General for grain, bread, or flour, will act the part of a gambler ; such is the state of the crops owing 'to the drought; unless he asks 40*. a hundred tor his flour."-Monitor, \2th Oct. The wheat fields are giving up the ghost every day. Every twenty four hours, the drought des- troys an indefinite number of acres of wheat. Even the barley begins to be in danger. We recommend the Settlers, to niant a double quantity of maize this year» Our Merchants ought to have sent a month ago for two or three cargoes of wheat and rice. The wheats of Rong Bong, iii Argyle, still holds out; but that beyond seems irrecoverable. The vast downs (very high hills some rocky but without a tree) of Maneara, beyond Limestone Plains, in Argyle, are a desert,-not a blade of glass on them. The cattle and sheep are in the scrubs and look well, generally fat. Where they get their fat from, appears to the traveller sur- prising, as the country through which the high road passes, seems destitute both of grass and water. We advise all corn on the banks of rivers and ponds, to be regularly watered with the water- ing pot, till rain come.-Ibid. Oct. 16. Quotation of prices the same day, was, fine flour, 19s. ; seconds, 17s. ; best heavy bright wheat, 6s. ; inferior, 5s. 3cZ. ; average, 5s. 6d. The new moon has set in sultry and hot, and the dews, which had saved some of the wheat fields on this side of the Mountains, have disap- peared with the old moon. There is now every prospect of a total failure of our wheat crop, and of consequent distress arising from want of bread. We again exhort the Settlers to plant abundance of maize. Never mind its being eaten by the grub before the rain fall. If. it be, plant again. The planting season extends to Christmas. Oct. 19. The weather is daily finishing the work of des- truction. Nothing but arid winds without rain. We have however been happy to learn, that while the late- sown wheats all over the country are gone, the early-sown wheats are likely to produce on the average two-thirds of a crop. We liave no means of ascertaining what proportion of the early wheats (now mere faded stalks) bear to the whole of the wheat sown last winter ; but it must be very large. We are therefore of opinion, that all the wheat which the Sister Colony may be able to spare us next autumn, will not be sufficient to keep down the price below 10s. a bushel. The wheats of Argyle, and the upper parts of Hunters River (beyond Maitland), may be calcu- lated to be totally unproductive, unless rain fall immediately. The wheats on this side of the Mountains, and on this side Maitland, will pro- duce, it is now generally ascertained, two-thirds of a crop even if rain do not fall.- Oct. 23. Tea has risen in price.-£7. 10s. ¡a chest has been refused for it. People ought to use a substitute, in order to pay off* the monopolists! who thus command the market, and to rise or lower, the price of the commodity, to suit their conve- nience. The Sydney. Monitor of the 12th ult. gives the following account of the new Colony at King George's Sound : The Buffalo arrived at the Sound on the 13th September, with Sir Richard Spencer the new Lieutenant Governor; Lady Spencer, and nine children, and eleven servants, chiefly agricultural labourers. Sir Richard brought out some live stock from England with which to stock his own Estate, and other requisites for a settler who sits down on his farm, which is to be his future stay, and that of his family. On his arrival, he found 36 souls forming the Settlement at King George's Sound, composed of two or three settlers and their servants, and the officers and troops sent there for their protection. The Government at Swan River had neglected to send the usual supplies for the troops, and when the Buffalo arrived, their rations had been reduced to four oz of peas and half a pound of flour a day, for each person ; they had, however, abundance of vegetables,- fowls,,"_ eggs, pigs, &c.; Previously to leaving England, Sir Richard had stipulated with the Government^ that no prisoners should be sent to the Settlement. Great numbers of Emigrants were * preparing to^ embark for the Sound. Sir James Stirling, who is daily expected UK resume the Government ufSwaii River, had purchased a large tract of land at the Sound, and was to bring out large supplies of stock, &c.; This shows that Captain Stirling is at length convinced, that his first representations of the fertility ol' Swan River were erroneous ; or at any rate, that the latter is inferior to King Georges Sound Jb>v many degrees, Colonel Arthur had also taken up a large tract of land at the Sound, and was about embarking a large capital in the speculation A company of Quakers had also purchased land there to the amount of £30,000., and were expected to buy more, i he capital of the Quakers was raised by shares of ¿?500, and several of the company were on the eve of embarking with their families to settle there. In consequence oí the supp.ies for the troops not having been forwarded from Swan River, the Buffalo supplied the Colonists with provisions, but not ary stock. The live stock landed, was the property of Sir Richard Spencer. The harbour is one of the finest in the world. The entrance to the Sound is defended by two islands, which break of the wind. The bottom is of fine sand and shells ; and there it» safe anchorage for any number of vessels in the Sound itself The harbour of Port Royal is situated to the left hand, as you enter, and at the head of th i Sound It is com- pletely land locked, and affords secure anchorage in four fathom water, for almost any number of vessels. The Settlement is situate on the East side of Port Royal. On the right hand of the Sound, as you enter, is another extensive balfour, called Oyster Harbour. The entrance to this harbour is desttoyed for the entrance of vessels of large rurthen, by a bar ; which extends across the .entrance, and which has only eight feet of water on it For small vessels it affords secure anchor- age; and the fine sandy beach offers every facility for landing»1 This harbour is also completely land locked. Duiing hi-, stay, Doctor Hamilton ex- plored the connti v in the vicinity of the Sound ; he describes the soil as being of good quality. He made a collection of plants, which have been pro- i nounced bv Mr. Cunningham, to embrace a greater variety than can be found here. This, however, proves nothing as to the goodness of the soil. The harbours abound with the finest fish, and the country with plenty of kangaroo, which latter forms a ¡standing di -h with the settler. The ve- getables are abundant, and of superior quality, and grow luxuriant!} uithout expensive cultivation. One settler had put in a small patch of wheat for the next \ear but until the arrival of the Buffalo, the settlei - had been deterred from cultivating with spirit, being iii ignmance of the final intentions of the Government as to keeping up the Settlement. A farming or farmer settler had a fine little patch of barlev which he was now determined to trans- plant, to enlarge the crop. The merchant ship Governor Stirling had arrived at the Sound pre- I viously to the Buffalo leaving, with stores and \ i settlers. She brought an account of the Brilliant, î being at the Cape with stores, sent out for the ,]1 Settlement by the Government Several settlers s and their families were in the Brilliant The set- J * tiers were sanguine as to their prosperity. A \l river of goodly size empties itseif into Oyster 'c Harbour from the south-east, up to which boats of jtj burthen made their way a long distance, and as ) ® far as they had explored, met with no impediment. The land on each side seemed of very superior quality.- Tasmanian. Positive instructions have reached the colony to effect considerable alterations in the Commissariat department. The branch chests, as we haye al- ready stated, will be abolished, and some less ex {»ensive plan substituted ; but what will permanent y advance the interests of the colony is the fixed resolution of the government to tender for every article required within the colony, and to discon- tinue the competition hitherto carried on against the merchant by the importation of convict cloth- ing, working tools, machinery, &c.; This mea- sure will take effect from the first day of January, 1835.- Sydney Gazette. One of the judges of the specimens of Colonial wine exhibited at the Meeting of the Agricultural Society at Parramatta, on Thursday, informs us, that on smelling the specimen of Sir John Jamison, he said, " this is Burgundy." Sir John said it was Burgundy mixed with Claret. Capt. B. said, that notwithstanding the admixture, the flavour of Burgundy prevailed and was of a rich quality. It was last season's wine, and about nine months old. ¡The four-year, old specimen of Sir John's was something like Sauterne, but it is too thin a wine to be pronounced good, though of delicate flavour. ti 8> E P< gi ui ii? P< ar al in th or io j This wine was made of the sweet-water grape. of j 'I he other specimen of white wine, made from the at Gouais, wanted a little brandy to give it body. of j It had been brought down in the sun, and evinced a slight fermentation. Capt. B. thinks the sweet- water will be a finer wine than the Gouais. The sweet-water does not blight in a clod climate, such as Bathurst and Argyle, if protected from the cold wind which follows the Australian Sirocco, because the latter seldom prevails in the south-west " ' Captain Biddulph says, that Sir E. Parry's Co- lonial wine, both red and white (red from Oporto and Burgundy, white from the Sherry the Gouais and the sweet- water) are splendid wines. Mr. Cox's specimens of Claret and Oporto were sound, but of inferior flavour. They had, how- ever, a good perfume. If he had not have pressed the husks and stems so much, his white wine would perhaps have been better We. augur that New South Wales will become as renowed for good wines twenty years hence as it is now for wool.-Sydney Monitor, Oct. 5. 