To the Editor of the Australian. ? Sin — Tn hlnfe'iiuintier'of 'your'Jounsnl you quoted nn 'opinion ofMncliiiivcU's, tlint'llu'ru were but tlire e ways of de&trbyirig; faction'; by putting the leudei-3'to dentil— -i-v bunisliinor,' or bvTorciblv reconcilinu -tiiuni : and tlint ot ttie.se three 'wuys, the first wns uicompur nbly the best ;' Ifliiuk you 'will ngreo'with mo that the fuctious proceedings which Iinve lntfly exliibitod, themselves 'here are detrimental to the pence mull ivell- bi-ing ol' tho Colony, arid 'that it would be highly ndvnntngeous to urrest them' in their progress : whe ther you will' be' further' of tlio' same opinion with myself, that an interference of the Legislature is im peratively called for on the' subject, remains to be proved ; 1 trust thnt you will' resolve my doubts, nnd give, with your usual wisdom nnd discernment, good reusons for nn' opinion 'adverse (if such should un ' fortuuntelv be the case) to one which is not supported by myself' nlono; biit by a very great majority of the well-informed and' enlightened nmongst us. It wns only yesterday 'thnt' ~u requisition wns shown me, signed by nearly the 'whole of tho 'wealthy nnd re spectuble settlers in Argyle and the district of But hnrst, for the purpose of calling a public meeting to petition the Governor and Council for authority to proceed to the- Upper Hunter and Willinms' River, for thc'pur|jose of putting the factious inhabitants of those districts to ha stvord. This interesting document, of which I regret not to be able -to procure n ? copy (it having been con cocted according to n custom lotoly prevalent in these Colonies in holes nnd corners) commenced by stating, thnt the under.ugned settlers; graziors, nnd other free 'inhabitants of the Colony; know for a fact, that in former times great nnd- ruinous floods 'have devas tated tlie above-mentioned districts, thereby, accord ing to the wise 'dispensations of Providence, cleans ing ' impurities,- and carrying away nuisances, and, at the ? same time, inspiring the settlers of those pnits, conscious as tliey were of their liability to the frowns 'of fortune; with a decent humility of mind aud'deiueanor; that- in order to repair the losses' to which from that cause they were subjected, they were compelled ,to bo industrious, and attentive to their humble but-useful occupations, and had there fore neither time nor inclination to busy themselves with, things- which were too' 'mighty for them; in fact, that satisfied, with their humble lot, and well knowing that by birth, education, nnd habits, they were happily adapted to the business of raising food to supply the wants of those whom the necessity of things hnd congregated in cities, they were creditable and respectable members of Society ; and that if their names were unknown to fame, and us strange to ears, polite ns the mention of u certain place (supposed by the learned to be under Newmarket) they fulfilled, if not with applause, yet without rnpronch, the in obtrusivo duties of their culling. The requisition goes tin to say, thnt for the last few years . this nnnunl visitntioni productive, like the inundations of ihe Nile, of such substantial benefit, has not token place to the extent necessnry ; thnt in consequence, the settlers of these parts hnve, like tho Jews in the time of Ahnb, 'waxed fat, and kicked,' und though they would undoubtedly in time discover that they had been kicking aguinst the pricks, yet, in the mean time the well disposed of the king's lieges had been provoked and pestered by such nn unexpected annoyance ; thnt the above rustics hud made money, and now wanted to assume the station in society usually occupied by men of good birib and superior attainments — that hands long accustomed to the plough hud token up the pen, nnd thoso ' whose talk was about oxen,' fancied themselves qualified, (though the undersigned are nt a loss to imugino how) to step forward in their slop clothing and hob nail shoes, upon the arena of politics. The Kcquisitionists conclude by remarking that the present nnd former governments of tho Colony had been to blame in giving perhaps the first hint to such persons to emerge from their obscurity, their honours hnying bepn, like ' Orient pearls at random strung,' distributed with impartiality, bnt without iliscriimu.ition, nmnngsi all wh'o w*ru'liy nothing hut their wealth entitled tii receive thorn. Suth being the slnleof the ensa, und tha evil having arrived to a pilch which m;»y tit some future time, if not nt pre sent, be productive cf something more than mere nunoynnce, they propose to petition for .leave to carry firu and sword, &c.; into those districts, i;nd (they thus unhesitatingly conclude) not to slop short of utter extermination. Tor myself I confess T think tho meu3uro too strong, and too littlo nlliod with that bugbear custom which weiuc men suffer, to tyrannise over t!ieir minds, to lie granted by the Legislature1; I almost think that decimntiug tho subscribers to tho celebrated Petitions from these places, would lie sufficient to answer every good purpose without disgusting the public by ita cruelty. Mv own opinion, privately, however is. thnt iioi tlier 'of tlipso extreme rnmeilies mm iiflcr-ss try ; I cannot help thinking tlint ?lo'rltire, judiciously- applied un.'lnr tho.eyoA at the. P.olico -Magistrates (und none nthpV) would gn a great wny towards briiiwinjy the infatuated wretches to their senses. ? ' ' ' ' i It mny be urged that torture is ' rt-pngnnnt to the laws of England,' nnd Judge IVu'rton would probubly protfst ngain-.t itsrocppti-xi into the body of aur laws on thnt gro::n-l ; bat 1 thin!: I can-explain away that objection, or nt least, by preendenjs nn.l pnrnllolj so minify the subject, as to render it not fatal to the proposition. - , 'lu. the reign of Edward the Second, tlio Archbishop of Y'ork''hnviug tn'rien tlie oxiiminniiou of pertain Teihplnr* in UU province duririg-the innious procpss against those Icnights, ?propoundi-d tho following questions to the authorities : rWht'ther he might mnkp use of torture ? ij'sn,,. whether .^.iho torturers' were to b« cieri.-s r r, Jnyiiipn, mid \f i.o toiturer could he found in ?Kii'liiinf, whether ho iiiisrlit send to fcreifrn parts for onol Now there mil be no in^uponiblo objpctjnii in th« out«et. to tlip nsoof torti:rr-, or ho high liifuhc tnnary ns tlio Archbishop of Dublin, I bpg Dr. Wliutolpy's pnrdon, tlio Archbishop of York' would linnliy Ijnvo uontemplntpd it; ; thtt-if'tn irt the second questioii'pi-oves, th.it he took for grnntt-d nn unswer -in tlio nflirnintive, whiph1 proof is rpudercicl perfectly incontrovertible by tho tenor of thn third question, iiit least iho inforoncP1 is snflicicntly pl.iin to, satisfy hnlt the lawyers in the Colony (supposing always llisit they nro not paid to hold a contrary opinion). The answer lo'these cjuei'ies'hns hot'boen reported, nnd » tho 'absence of negiitive testimony may bo ru ceivedns nbsolutc confirmation. Thern'is'po roasni'i then why th» Council1 should not ,in'8s nn Act tn that ofTerf, ntir any reason to doubt tho a-ssent thereto of tlio.Liuv Authorities. 1 lenve.to the ciirioiis^in' theso; matters all minor mnttors connected with the philosophy of punishinont; whether ncnt with three tails or with nine will ;be t'ounil best, sui'ed- to the. biicks of. the delinqiionts — whethiT 100 hushes before bre-.ikfnst will be too much or fo littlp, [ .euro not ; but I shall propose when the mnter comes '.fairly before ithe Council, tl.jnt 'n few of the. inoorrigibles . of that incorrigible class shall suffer,' in addition to their shnre of; flogging, certain other kinds of punishment; 1 will give: vou a few examples, to which you. Sir, with your full ncqunint nnco with tlio parties and their deserts, may-be nblp perhaps Io add something. ,_ The Proprietors of the ?Lferuld. — To be obliged to .write Ihrir own leading articles in future. Tho Kditor of the lilnnito--. — To bo prohibited all mention. of ;Genernl Din-ling, nnd to be refused for tlip second time n Government office. ()..!'. Q. — To be debnrrcd from the columns of the Herald, nnd to be. reminded of the'- fable of the ambitious T'rog nnd the Bull. Thn Mnjor. — To relate his enrly adventures in the iUnrines. and- to leurngrainmnr: before he attempts* another pamphlet. , , j' &C.; &C.; SlC. , - 1 must hastily conclude my letter, and without deciding npon the secondary punishment proper for tho iHiiRquurie-strcot Reporter, .unless you think that to swallow his reports, nnd his drugs together would be sufficient. ' , , 1 tun, Sir, Sec. j ' , , % ASKALON. 'There lived formerly in the ne.iglihourliood.o** Lnon three thieves, who by their ingci-iou» strnt.t ^ein-i.nudicity, nntl skill, contrived 'to 'lay the whnlu country niuior contribution. Two of them were broilers, und they were named, Hii'inct anil Ittunt. Tliey wp.ic sons of a 'ubrt'hy sire, «ho had iollovctl' the .some culling an themselves, and. ended career on the gallows,— -a fare coiiinidiily rnseryeu for in dividuals who exhibit peculiar i'|»Vcies of talent for whicli he wns dUliiigidslivd. 'Jlicth'ud was chllcd' 'J'rnveis. It remains but to say, that they never added minder to robbery, but cor.tented them-! 'selves' witli simple felonies, which ilicy committed with an address which was little short of uiiiiculoun. It happened one day that tliey were nil tiavelling throuuli the lore-t ot* Laon, when the cunvei»utiun tinned upon their respective abilities. Haiiiier,, the elder of the two hi others, discovered on lliei biinnnit of a lofty o.ik, a inngpie's uust, and saw the old magpie to go in to it. ' Ujolher,' said he to Uarat, ' if any .ore' should- cli.illeiize j on to ^o ntul steal' the eg-gs from under, the old.biiti,, witlumt f i^litcning her away, \\\'hot'wotild,'you say ' «to 'them ?,' Say,' replied Ilic younger one, ?'why, , I should tmy he was a fool to call upon 'one 'to do i what was impossible.' ' 'J liui is all \eiy ,well,' re- 1 plied Hairnet; * but I tcll'\ou, that the man who is, ?not able to do that, is but a baby it thieving ; and I so iHjiiifj, lie began to mount the tree. When he, readied tlie nest, lie veiy gently made u hole, in* tho '. bol.om of it, cuuglit the ejjgs ns they fell thioui'li, the aperture, and brotight'tliem- doiin, mailing his coinpaniuns leninrk, as he 'exhibited them, that, there was not one of them broken.''*' /Jravo!' 'ex- | claimed Unrat :. ' I miistr needs confers that then ' aria fellow of' inimitable skill ; v'ahd if you can1 now reascciid niul-replace them uiider the ;motlicr ' ns skilfully as j on took_ them away, wp will .readily , 'acknowledge yon as our master in the gentle* art ; and mystery of stealing.' HaiinetVnccepted the challenge anil remounted ; and thus fell into the snare wiiichjiis bi oilier had laid for liiin. Tor as Dai at perceived him at a certain height, lie said to 'J 'ravers, » ,Yon have seen what my brother can do. I will now give you a specimen of my skill.' Ac coidingly, he instantly climbed. upat'terliis brother, followed him from bough to bough, und while tlie 'otlier, with his eye's fixed on the nest, -i]uitc intent on his project1, and attentive to the lea^t movements of. thu biidr lest lie should diiveit 'away, coiled and glided tliiougli the brnnclies like a serpent — Uurat adoitly cut off 1: is pocket, and descended, healing in his hands the trophies of his victory. Hairnet, however, having succeeded in replacing the eggs, expected to receive those praises which he felt that his siicci fS on;; lit to call forth. : 'It l« all very well/naid IJarnt, jokingly ;'.-? but T would bet a tiifle you have only hidden the eggs in 'your ! pocket.' 'ihe eldest would have submitted his ' pockets for inspection, but fiiulingthat they had , been removed, he saw that he-had lieen tricked/ by '. his brntlier, -'Well,' cried lie, ' lie must indeed be n skilful thief' who can rnh - ^a1 thief. ''^'Aa for ' Tiu vera, lie felt an equal ndniiraliou for the two heroes, - nor did ho know to which to give the palm. But humbled by ihe. display, nnd being'vexed at tlu-ir ' superior dexterity, and conscious of liis inability to contend with them far an instant, he said to tlieur: ' Rly friends, you areto much f.ir me.1 ???? You would escape twennty tiinei together, while I should al ways be taken. 1 find 1 nm too dull to prosper nt ' your trade, so farewell; I shall renounce that, and return to my old one. I am able ami 'willing to woik, so I shall go home to my wile, nnd I hope £ shall be able, by God's help, to enrn an honest pen ny/ Accordingly he retm ned home; to bis -native village; as he had (.aid, his wife was glatlto see him ; he became once more an honest mnn, nnd laboured 5o successfully, that at the end of some months he was enabled tn buy a pig. The animal was fattened , end when Christmas arrived, lie killed it, and as usual hung it up- by .the Iorr against the 'wall; while he went to work, .in the titliU. .It would, however have been bfttcV for him if he had told it: he coulil by that -means' have 'been spared those nuxitlcs which are now to be mlated. The two brotherii.'wlio had never seen him i-ince lie sppnr nted himself from thcin, came just at this time to pay him a visit. His witV wns nloiu- Imsily employ ed at spinning. .She told them that her husband wan from home mid would nut return till evening. So they went away, not however till they had stun ned every corner of the premises; and in this survey, as may be supposed, the fuller pig did not escape their notice. « Ah. ah !' said they, as they left the house,' this shabby fellow is coing to re gale himself with the pig, nnd hns nevei invited us to partnkeofit. It w ill only serve him tight to make off with it, and eat it without him.' Accordingly the knaves arranged their plot, and concealed themselves in the neighbourhood,- until night ena bled them to put their stratagems into fxpeution. Ii- the evening when Trn«ers returned, his wile told him of ihe visitors whom she had seen. 'I was quite afraid to be alone with them/ said she; 'and they wore such ill-lonl-iiig fi'llow*, that I did nat dare io ask them their iiainei.orwhut tUey wanted. Knt tlioirevesferri-t«d but every thing} «ud I don't think tli'ei cis a nail in the whole place which es caped them. ' Alas! ' exclaimed Travprs in a most d lefultone,' they can Ijm no. other thin my old cruiiies ; my pig' is lust— it is a done thiiiK— I wish 'for many reasons that I had sold it., ' lint,' suid his wife, ? atallrvents let us try to save it; let iisrctnaveit from vtlip.rf- it hnugs now, and conceal it somewhere el.se for to-nijjlit, nnd to morrow: we cun. consider what Is best to be done about it.' Tr.i vors followed his wife, r ail vice ; the h or Was taken down, and laid upon tho ground nt a different part of the room, nnd then covered. over with the trough which they used to li'ieuil the bre.nl; anil » lien they had done this, they retired to lied, feeling how ever, by no means ensy upon the suliject. Theliight ntlenatli ariived, and with it the two brothers to put their plans into execution : mid while the elder out! kept watch, Unr.it b?Kn» *-- niakc a hole in the wall, at thn very ?pntthi* hog h:id Im.ns. He snon, however, found' tliut there was nothing left there, but tlie cord by which it has been suspended, nnr) exclaimed,' AV'e are loo late, ihe .bird, is flown.' Travel's, who was kept in n state of continual a' arm, and could f:ot no hlevp on account of hi.-- :.(lreiid'of he^iip robbed, fnncjing he heard some, ?no'we, awuk(; hi- uii'e, mul ran to the kncatlin;; tlircugli t n .see if lite pig were still there. V Tiicie it.wai snfe enough ; hut as he felt no. If.ss anxiety nbouthis barn anil .stable, lie sallied faith, nrmetl with n hntclie.t.just to see if all was li^ht, liaiat, \«lm heard him jlo out. seized thatoppiirtimliy of, tiiippiii'; in at the door ; lie then crept up to the bed side, and imita-inn the vnicu of 'l'ra\ei#, snid.* ' Mary, the. lui-; is nut linngiiiix up itjwinM tho. w.nll : what' have, j on doiw with it?' ' Why, don't jon . reccollect,' suid she, ? thai \u- hi. I it unilrr the .kue .(lint«trc ugh ?' ' N'o™ I do,' -a'nl he; * |mt I real y foi-gntten it— don't yon «ot uy I'll ^re about it.' So tit; in;;, he went to the. trough, ami pliicins the pi;; u'poii l-t.^ hluiiildeis, ni.iiched ofTwiih it. Al'iei having Le'ciThistnitud, and e.\aniiiit.d eveij 'pint iif the pinnis!':,' Travprs retnined. ? I must citifess,' siiiil liis uifu, that I have got a husband whose head is not good, for much : to think that you should so soon (oigut uheru 3011 had put tlie pig/ No sooner (iiil Trnveis hear tlu-se wards, than lie knew howtlic case stood. - ' Ah,' said he, ' I suid ' they would rob me, and they have dune so sine enough. It is pone now, n .1 ? «1 we. shall ceitniuly never see it more^'. . Nevei-tlu'lccs, as the' rolibi'is could not be fur oft', Iir 'thought he would follow them, in hopes of oVcrta&i; ?); Ilietn, and ol'' le.cover ing liia* priipt-rty. They had taken a narrow pnth acrosa the (ields, cvhich led to the woods, in which they hoped to conceal' their prey with perfect so cnrily. Ilnimcl 'hastened on in front, to t-cu that the coast was all clear; i.iul his brother, who \t»h somewhat encuinbered by tht'. load' hu' can-iedj walked, more blovily, nnd fulln»cd,at ,'soiiie liule ?distance. Trnvers soon came up with Ihe. latter, lie reoogiii-ed him, and then n--siiniinu the tone and voice of the elder brother, suid ' Vou must he tired; cive *,- to me ; it is my tun to carry it.' Bar nt, who thought it whs his biothcr wli'i spoke to him, hanilcd thepift over to Tiavors, nnd hastened nn tounids the viuod-. He had un*-, however, jno cccdcd' a hundred yauls, before, to his grr.:t. astonishment, he overtook Haimet— * Contouiul.it,' he exctiiimed. * hut I have been done! That khnvc Travel's has pluyt-d me a trick ; but, never mind, j on shall see whether I mil not nmntch for \i\m yet. So Faying, he nndieVsed himself,, placed his shirt over his -other clothes, made up a sort of woman's cap for bis head, and, thus uecotiti'td, ran as fast as he possibly could, by a different toad, to\VHi-d» the cp'tagc of Travcrs, for whose mi ival he waited just outside the door. No sooner Hid he sue him approach, than lie made, up to him, as , if lieluid been liis wife, and coiinteifeilinp her voice, inquired whether he hod recovered the. pig. ' Oh yvs,' replied the husband, ' I iia'-e. got it safe enouj-h.' '; Give it to me, then, and let me cany it in, while you run round to the. stable, and s-;e whether that is all safe, for I heard a great noiso theie just now, und 1 am sailly afraid they aio trying to break in 'there .' Travel's placed the niiimal upon the shoulders of liis sii;-.|iosed wife, and once mote went the lounds of lii.i faim-jnrd; nhtl jiioal wa« his surpriie when he rcliuncd to find his wife in bed, ciynig anil half dehil with flight. He then discovered that he had been duped again, .lie was determined, -however, not to be balkfd ; lie vowed that he would not ? terminate the affair iiuy other way than tiimnph antly.' Though he never supposed that the thieves would take the same rond a second time, lie ci'tei tained the very reasonalj'n opinion, that the forest being Hot only the* most convenient, but also the most secure hiding- place, they would again chooae it for their retreai : and fo, in fact, it was. Thither they speedily betook thenuclvcs; and i;i the joy of their lieail-, and their anxiety to taste the fiuits of their enterprise, they lighted a fit cat the foot of a .?predding 0,1k, fur the purpose of conking a chop or two. The wood, however, was green, and burnt so badly, that they were forced to go rambling about in search of dry leaves and withered branches, Travel's, who, thanks to the fitful blu/.ings of the fire, had, hi. tlie mean tiini-, been attracted to the same spot, availed himself of their absceuce to disiobe and a.-cend the ticc. Then stisuemllng himself with one band from a branch, as if hu hnd been hanged there, he no sooner saw his ancient friends letiirn, and busy themselves in blowing the fire, than lie called out with a voice of thunder,. ' Unhappy men, your end will he like mine.' Hor rified at tills terrinc- announcement, they looked up, and' then seeing, as well ns hearing,' what they si»ppo«ed to hu tlie. ghost of their fatlii'r, they speedily .betook ihemseKes to flight. 'I'rnveis instantly repossessed himself of his clothes, nnd .of that which . ho held dearer still, his hou ; and 'rctui'iicd . -,. in triiiniph to rt Into to his wife this, fresh victory. - Hie, poor soul, threw bur aims round him, and overwhelmed him with kisn-s aiid congratulations on the boldness ami success of the .maiiojuvi-e. J \Ve. must not fuel too well satisfied ' of.rnrsafety yet,' said lie ;:? the i-ogues me not fai oil', and as long as there is a morsel of tlio bacon left. I shall be afrnid of looking it; but make hast.1, and get somn boiling water, and. we'll e'en cook it. Jf they return then, we shall mauagc to get it.' So, while «he lighted the tire, he cut up the pig, .which was thrown ptcce-iueal into tlie saucepan ; and .then, that they might take the better care of it, sat themselves down, onein cnclicliiniiiey-coiner. Kut Travel's,: who wa» sadly fatigued with the labours and anxtties of his; night's work, was not long: before he' began to doze. '? Von li.ul better Inydown,' suid his wife'; ' I vill take an.l watch the sniicepun. All the doors and windows arc fastened, fo there is nothing tn fear; and nt all event*, if I hear any noise, I can easily wake you.' Keeling satisfied by these assiuancc*, he threw himself, nil dressed a? he was upon the bed. and in a;few minutes was fast nsleep. Mis wife continued for some time to watch over- tlie kettle, anrl its con tent*;' but at length she began to grow sleepy, and finally snored in her chair. In the meannhile,' the tljie.ves ha-ing recovered from their first, alui m, rc turn.ed to the ottk ; where, finding neither the pig nor the gallows-bird w-lio had .so stared them, thny were not long in divining the truth of the ail venture'. They fcltlhey should be ilishnnnnred tot ever should Travera pet the better, of them In this war sfstrata pems, and they returned to hit abode,, fully Jeter mined fo make a last effort to sivi; their rcputution, and steal his hncon. 'Previously to comnirnciii); operations, Karat' peeped in at tlie, hole iii the wall which he hnd before made, just to tec. if the enemy were on the' watch. ' There lie saw nn the one side, Travers stretched at full length along the bed, ami,, on the other, Travers's faithful partner, .with head bobbing first to the.- right and then to the lelt. fust asleep by the side of the lire;, a la-lle. dangling lis tlessly in lierliniid, tind the hncun soothiug her slum bers ns it boiled* and bubbled in the pot. * They are going to save us the trouble of cookmg it,* said Barat to his brother.. *. Well, we have had so much bother about' it, they may well spare us that. So, now be quiet, and I'll warrant you you shall noon taste it.' Then he went immediately and cut along stick, one one point of whicli be sharpened ; then mounted the roof, and tjim sling the stick down the chimnuy, stuck it into a piece of bacon, which lie very care fully drew out. It so hnppeuued, thnt atthU mo ment Travers awoke. He saw the manoeuvre, and then perceiving vc»ry elenrly, that enemies so skilful peace wm better than war, he called out to them, ' Cauirades, you ure wrong to try nnd steal my bacon, aud I was wrong not to have invited you to partake of ..it. Let us no lunger strive for Ihe mastery tricking nnd out-witting each; other, for there will be. no end to the game. .Conic n'o.ng, nnd let us make merry together.' So lie went and opened the door to them, and they nil sat down' ta table, and were reconciled to one another ad hear tily as possible. ' Thus see you. reader, what great pains .were tnkeu, ??'? ' '??-.??; By some to steal, by fonie to save their bacon.' 