I STATE OF THE WHIG MINISTRY AND PROSPECTS OF THE NATION. It can hardly be said, with any respect for truth, that there is at present a settled and eflicient government in England. At any rate it is tolerably clear that the ad- ministration of which Lord Grey is the head is not that government. The King and his Ministers are entirely ruled by the political unions. The tax-gatherer is hunted out of society as wolves were in the olden times. The laws arc openly violated by these political associations. The whole revenues of the country appear to bounder their controul ; and they have only to re- solve that a certain tax is oppressive and ought not to be paid, and the tax in question is immediately repealed. In their hands the silly but good-natured and half innocent Lord Althorp is no more than a sheep-dog under the lash of a drove of butchers. " Holloa !" shouts blue-sleeves, and the clog runs. " Down with the taxes !" shout the unions, and down the taxes go. Verily we are in a most promising condition altogether ! The ministerial journals are commanded to announce that the house and window duties wiil be forthwith abolished. In fact these taxes are no longer to be collected in London. In many parts of that vast " weal" their collection has ceased. The com- missioners, assessors, collectors, and their legion of clerks, aro all ruined men. Their occupation is gone, and the union flag waves over the gin-shop in celebration of the victory gained by the mob over the government. Lord Fitzwilliam and Mr. William Brougham, now are you avenged ! You set the example of resistance, and now it is brought home to the contemptible min- isters whose supporters, if not minions, you are. As a matter of course, we of Liverpool and the country generally, from the Needles to the Orkneys, must come in for our share of the spoil. If the collection of those taxes has ceased in London, it must also cease in the provinces. It will never do to pil- lage us while thepeople at head quarters are allowed to go scot free. The collectors, therefore, need not trouble fhemse'ves to call for any arrears-that point is settled. The assessed taxes produced-we use the past tense for the sake of accuracy about five millions per ailnum. The arrears must amount to litt'e short of three millions more. The interest of the colonial gift of twenty millions will be from seven to eight hundred thousands additional. The pay- ment to the Bank of England, and the contingent payment to the East India Com- pany, are separate items, which we shall, for the sake of distinct'icss, dismiss from the present estimate, for this also extra reason, that the account is alarnvng enough without them. Here, then, is a dead 'oss to the govern- ment of five millions for ever-nine millions to be provided for in 1S34-and nearly six millions in perpetuity. How is this deficit to be made good ? Where is so much money to come from ? We should like to have ha'f an hour's conversation with Lord AHhorp on this subject, in order to convince him what a tremenduous blockhead he must bo if lie fancies, or imagines, or flatters himse'f, that he has the power to impose a property tax, or effect reductions equal to the deficit. The thing is impossible-The hare ment'on of a property or income tax at the present moment would produce a convn'sion from one end of the kingdom lo the other. Besides, bo it borne in minc!, an income tax nn be resisted as well as a house or window tax. An income tax is not pa'd by the wealthier classes, for it is added to rent, and presses upon the mid- dle and lower classes. It is notorious that when the late income tax was in force, the owners of small houses and small farms, with tenants at wiil, a'most invariaby added ten per cent, to their rents. This len per cent., therefore, upon shops and houses, would be found to he a heavier burden, or, as the unionists would say, a more intolerable nuisance than the assessed taxes now vir- tually repealed. The monocracy and scumocracy would consequently be up in arms against the new impost before it was six mouths in operation. For, remember, my Lord Althorp, they have the power to do what they please. The scum wills it, and the Greys must obey..-To think, therefore, of an income tax, is, in our very humble opinion, a clear test of insanity. ' | As to any further stretch of economy, that is cntire'y out of the question. The revenue already sutlers from the paucity of I officers in all its great departments. Let us take the Liverpool Custom-house for an examp'e. Its business is managed in a way that would disgrace a Jaw pediar's shop for the sa'e of o'd c'othes. Ils most responsible officers are nearly worked to death. There is not an adequate number of officers or e'erks in any one department. The who'e establishment appears to boun- der the direction of the ghost of old Allan Ramsay's miser, who lighted his hovel by means of a cod's head in a state of putre- faction. In the army and navy the same beggarly and shabby regime prevails. In the former a plan has been devized to cozen and cheat the poor disab'ed and worn- out veterans who fpught our battles, and who linger out a weary life upon a pittance called "half-pay."' As it is under Whig management, wo have no doubt that the fraud-fora fraud it is-will be carried into died. When this is done a trifle will be saved-a few thousands per annum will be wrung from the bones and sinews certainly not from the fat-of these unfor- tunate gentlemen ; but when it is done the army will bo reduced to the starving point, and further bleeding will be impossible unless it be desirable to have a mutiny and a strike among the bayonets. In the navy the same sour crout practice has for a considerable space of time been in active operation. lu 1S10 we had eleven hundred ships of war, the most for- midable navy that ever floated upon the oceans of the globe ; at present, thanks to bim of the bright sword-James Graham by name, a second Bailie Nicol Jarvie, without the shrewdness of the original-a real weaver, who presides at the Admiralty -a writer of pamphlets, every sentiment of which he has turned into ridicule by his ofiicial conduct-thanks to him, Sir Janies Graham, baronet, this mighty navy has dwindled down to five hundred vessels of every kind, poorly provided, niggardly rig- ged out, armed as if they belonged to the Tailors' Company, and officered as if by special appointment of the goose polishers of the Lumber Troop. Oh, what a falling off is there, my countrymen ! " Britannia needs no bulwarks," sings Thomas Camp- bell, one of our Whig pensioners ; but, alas, the day ! the poet knows nothing of our emasculated English marine. We have no bulwarks. The Whigs have sold our stores for ready money. Our ships have been converted into hard cash to swell Lord Althorp's accounts. Our poverty has shut us out from the Black Sea. AVe dare not fire a gun in any part of the world. We were unable to blockade the coasts of Holland in the late »a/c/against our ancient ally. In short we are in such a pitiful con- dition that even the Americans laugh at us. Oil these grounds we take our stand, and we contend that economy cannot he pushed one inch or one farthing farther. To con- duct the business of Ihe country in an cilicient manner, and colled the revenue as it should be collected, additional officers arc requisite, and these of course would expect to be paid, a payment which the present crippled state of our finances, crippled by the narrow views and stolid ideas üf a philosopher of the mutton school, will not alford. Well then, what is to bo done ? " Sir," as the imperative creditor would say, " I must have my money." How are the six millions per annum lo be provided for ? We have turned over this question in our minds for al least forty-eight hours-de- bating Hie point with the still and inward monitor, while the great majority of our readers have been asleep-doing that at (he dead and silent hour which other men do in broad day light-and we can come to no other conclusion than this-the fund holder must suffer ! We seo it as clearly as we see the pen, ink, and paper before us, that all these combinations against the taxes, yielded to by His Majesty's minis tors, must end in the spoliation of the fiuulholder. There is no way of meeting the deficit, but by drawing upon the na- tional annuitants-not drawing upon thom in the mercantile sense of the term, but witholding from them that rate of interest which has hitherto been paid. We admit that (his is a serious point to raise. We are sensible that in mooting it we are trenching upon the feelings, and touching the most sensitive nerves, of many of our readers. It is a disagreeable duty at all times to speak the unpleasant truth. It has however, been our fate to speak it before ; and we should be unworthy of any public respect were we to shrink from the same openness when the very credit of the colinby-the honour and good faith of the country-the resources of the frugal the hopes of the sanguine-the settlements of the provident-are all at stake. They must, however, make up their minds to drink the waters of bitterness. The shal- low fools having money in the funds, who cheered Lord Grey on in his measures of revolution, and his schemes of family ag- grandisement, must now, like (he bishops, set their houses in order. Those who foresaw the coming calamity, but made no exertions to avert it, are not entitled to our sympathy. Those who did not forsee it, are of a class utterly beneath our notice. The three per cents, converted into two per cents, is, we fear, the last and only alternative of Lord Althorp. We have some prívale reasons for believing lhat some measure of this kind has been dis- cussed, if not determined upon. It would he a measure, we admit, of barefaced rob- bery; it would be a measure of audacious dishonesty and fraud, and one which none but an unprincipled and desperate adminis- tration vvou'd ever dream of. But the axe has already been laid to (he root of the tree, and the people who consented to the spoli- ation of the church, and who are making war upon Ihe corporations, cannot surely lift their hands in astonishment at an attack upon the funds. When national honour is once sacrificed, even in the slightest de- gree, there are no limits to its career of injustice. The hardened culprit, who is convicted of burglary, began his course of infamy by stealing pocket handkerchiefs. It is the same with the nation as with au individual. When Ihe executive govern- ment of a country becomes relaxed, and its laws cease to be enforced or respected, there is an end lo the security of proper!}-. One right or privilege is first swept away, and then follows another. Link after link dis- appears until the whole chain is gone. England, thanks to its ministers and pa- triots, is in this declining, absorbing, and consuming condition. She has violated i national covenants and acts of union- she ¡ has become dishonest-she has committed robbery-she preys upon private properly -she interferes with vested rights, and how is she. to be restrained from doing acts of still greater audacity and injustice ? | Nine millions of pounds sterling, wo j have said, have to be raised next year. Well, let us see how. By reducing the I three per cents, to two per cents, and all other stocks in the same proportion, the ¡ result would be that one-third of the pay- J ments from the consolidated fund would be J saved. In other words, instead of paying twenty-eight millions to the national credi- tors we should only have £18,000,067 to pay. This would rid us, at one dash, of upwards of nine millions por annum, a most convenient and refreshing relief-a nice little sum that would cheer the heart I and the coffers of honest Lord Althorp, | and keep the Whigs in oflice, for, perhaps, two years longer. Bless them ! ii would lie an ingenious stroke of policy; for tho family men might bo able to make some- thing by selling out in time. But suppose all this done to-morrow the fundholder robbed-the assessed taxes gone-would the unions desist from their work of agitation ? We venture to say that they would do nothing of the kind. On tlie contrary, having gained one victory _ over the Whigs and the "Government, they would endeavour to gain another. Having ascertained their strengt ii and importance, they would not slumber or sleep while any rate or tax remained upon the books. This present concession to the mob of London is one of the most fearful incidents in the history of the present cabinet. It shows that they are disposed to make a sacrifice of every institution and form of law rather than give up the emoluments of oflice. The revolutionary faction know this well. Hence their repeated and successful assaults upon the Government. They have carried one point, and they are confident of being able to carry any other which they may deem worth their pains. Lord Grey may depend upon it that the police-rate will be the next ground of complaint and clamour. Before the end of twelve months that tax also will be resisted ; and, if the same im beceility is allowed to sway the Govern- ment, it would not surprise us to see the whole burden oi the London constabulary thrown upon the nation. The church rates too are sure to lie opposed, and as surely will they be abolished. Tithes are a'ready doomed-as the first act of tho next session will show. What remains rent ?-aye rent-how long ? But no matter.-Liverpool Standard. 