VARIETIES. Tnu Patienck of Geohge III.— Never, perhaps, was his patience more tried than at a private audience which he gave to Lord George Cordon. On being admitted to the King's presence, his Lord4iip very unceremoniously locked the door, which the lord in waiting had purposely left open. He then said he bad an excellent pamphlet in his pocket, which lie would do himself the honor, and his Majesty the pleasure, of reading. He accordingly began the pamphlet, and the King listened very patiently till it began to grow dark, when he observed, * 1 am sorry, my Lo.d. that lieht fails you, hut rome other day.' ' Please your Majesty,' replied Lord George, there is no time like the present, and as for light.a little of that will suffice for me.' He then familiarly poked the fire, the blaze of which enabled him to continue the pamphlet, which he read to the last word. The King expected now to be re leased, but, to his amazement, Lord George said, ' Please your Majesty, I will next read to you ten or eleven ex cellent letters, which 1 have received from your Protes tant subjects, in which none were, nor ever will be, sur passed.' He then commenced the letters, and this vexa linncintnriMinu lastmt two hnnre lontrer. at the termination of which, the fire having gone out, or ceased to blaze, Lord George departed.— The Georgian Era. Education in America.— In most of the states of the American Union, if not the whole, there arc now schools established hy the legislature* for the education of all the youth, in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and supported by a public and general tax. This system was adopted in Massachusetts as early as 1647. 'All liore (says an American writer) can read and write, and rarely can one be found not qualified by education to transact the com mon concerns of life. To educate hii children is the first object and the chief glory of the parent, their ignorance is to him and to diem disgraceful. In these schools the human mind receives its first impulse in the career of learning ; en impulse which carries many forward to high stations of honor aud of usefulness.' England, it may be seen, has therefore been completely outstripped by the United States, as regards its institutions for the general diffusion of elementary instruction.— Chambers' Edinburgh Journal. THE LONG Nails of THE Pacha.— When Mahomet Ali, the illustrious restorer of civilization to Egypt, first sent out his army, modelled after the European fashion, to attack the Wachahees in the interior, every where they marched (bey were looked upon with pity, both by the natives and by the outposts of the enemy. Instead of being mounted on richly caparisoned horses, loaded with all the finery of the Osmanlees, and armed with a scymi ter, tbe men marched on foot quietly in files, dressed in coarse red jackets, and all the arms they appeared to pos sess was a musket with a long nail at the end of it. On coming up and forming a position on a plain in front of the Wahabees, the latter considered that these poor wretches had delivered themselves up for slaughter; rush ing down the hills, therefore, with the usual impetuosity or Turkish cavalry, and with the intention or surrounding the Egyptians, they were dreadfully staggered in their career by receiving a well-directed fire from the lines. Surprised and daunted by the shower of balls which fell among them, and emptied scores of saddles at every vol ley, they were obliged to retreat in quick time, pursued by the grenadiers and light companies, who hunted thorn through their fastnesses, at every step letting them feel the use of the long nails on the muskets, until they retired into an inner part of the country. When the news of this first engagement of his new troops reached Mahomet Ali, he bounded from his divan with joy, and ever since, the dread of the close rank and file, and, above all, the bayonet, has favoured every military movement of the Pacha. Declivity of Rivers.— A very sliriitdechvilysufliccs to give the running motion to water. Three inches permile, in a smooth straight channel, gives a velocity of about three miles an hour. The Ganges, which gathers the waters of the Himalaya mountains, The loftiest in the world, is, at eighteen hundred miles from its mouth, only eight hundred feet above the level of the sea— that is, about twice the height of St. Paul's Church in 1-ondon, [or the height of Arthur's Seat, near Edinburgh] and to tail these eight hundred feet, in its long course, the water ronmnui mnn- than a month. The great river Magdalena, in South America, running for a thousand miles between two ridges of the Andes, falls only five hundred feel in all that distance. Above the commencement of the thousand miles, it is seen descending in rapids and cataracts from the mountains. The gigantic llio de la Plala has so gentle a descent to the ocean, that in Paraguay, fifteen hundred miles from itsmouth, large ships are seen, which have sailed against the current all the way, by the force of the wind alone : that is to say, which, on the beauti fully inclioed plane of the stream, have been gradually lifted by the soil wind, and even against the current to an elevation greater than that of our loftiest spires.— Arnoit'i Physics. The HvpocoKnniAC Prince.— Many distinguished persons, from a disease in the imagination, have fallen into strange notions regarding their personal identity and character. In the Memoirs of Count de Maurepas, lliere is an account given of a most singular hypochondriac in the person of the Prince of Bourbon. He once imagined himself to bo a hare, and would suffer no bell to be rung jn the palact, lest the npise should scare him in the woods. At another time, he iancied himself to be a plant, and, as he Btood in the garden, insisted on being watered. He gome time afterwards imagined he was dead, and refused all nmirishnwnt, for which, he said, he had no furtkfr occasion. This l»st wliiw would tare proved fatal, if his Wends had not contrived to disguUjtwo perions, who' were introduced to him as his grandfather and Manual Luxembourg, and who. after rome conversation concern ing the shades, invited him to dine with Marshal Tourenna. Our hypochondriac followed them into a cellar prepare0 for the purpose, where he made a beany meal. While this turn of his disorder prevailed, he always dined in the cellar with some noble ghost. It is somewhat remarkable that this strange fantasy did not incapacitate Lira for business especially where liis immediate interests were concerned. Hypochondria.™ is doubtless produced, in a great measure, from deep study, or from anartificial mode of living, and a want of proper air and exercise. We seldom hear of a ploughman or an industrious artuan fall;™ inin thm /i isoised state of the imagination, and con sidering themselves hares, vegetables, plants, or disembo died spirits. Acquisition of Knowledoe.— ' I felt the ennobling pride of learning. It is a fine thing to know that which is unknown to others ; it is still more dignified to remem ber that we have gained it by our energies. The struggle after knowledge, too, iB full of delight. The intellectual chase, not less than the material one, brings fresh vigour to our pulses, and infinite palpitations of strange ii-nd sweet suspense. The idea that is gained with eftort attorns far greater satisfaction than that which is acquired with danlerous facility. We dwell with more fondness on the perfume of the flower that we have ourselves tended, than on the odour which we cull with carelessness, and cart away without remorse. The strength and sweetness of our knowledge depend upon the impression which it makes upon our minds. It is the liveliness of the ideas that it affords which renders research so fascinating ; so that a trifling fact or deduction, when discovered or worked out by our own brain, affords us infinitely greater pleasure tlian a more important truth obtained by the exertions of another.'—' The high poetic talent-as if to. prove that a poet is only, at the best, awild, though beautiful, error of nature— the high poetic talent ia the rarest in crea tion.'— Ctmtarini Fleming. . . Bead Sermons.— The antipathy entertained by the Scotch of the lower orders ngaiinl read sermons, is the sub ject of various goad jokes in the country, but of none, perhaps, better than the following. A country clergy man, on the north side of the Forth, who had a most zeal mis rnennrt fnr true relierion and sound toryisni, was guilty Df this fault to a great degree— was indeed, as his pa rishioners say, a perfect slave to the paper. At the acquit lalorthe late Queen Caroline, in 1821 , the inhabitants Df the village where thia clergyman's manse Btood, re solved on having an illumination as well as their neigh bours ; and the bellman was sent round to announce the event. In the course of his peregrinations, John stopped opposite the manse, and read his proclamation. The news ofa radical illumination alarmed the minister extremely ; he ran out, crying, ' Stop, John, wha bad ye cry that' Ye souldna cry that, John.' ' Deed, Sir,' answered John, ' I'll just cry what I'm paid for, and ne er speer wha gies me' the paper.' The minister, seeing that no good was to bo done in this way. made to John, and snatching the paper from him, ran off. ' Hoot, mon, said the sardonic Scot, 'yeneedna rin eafast; though ye can Da tell your story wanting your paper, d'ye think that I canna do wauling mine V , T. . ? ,.? A Srr-DOWN for Cioar Smokers. — ai Wish, in his Anatomy of Drunkenness, has the following good re mark : ' At the present moment smoking a fashionable, and crowds of young men are to he seen at all hours walking the streets, with cigarsin their mouths, annoyiDg thn mssenpcrs. Thev seem to consider it to be manly to smoke a certain number, without rcfiecting that there is scarcely an old woman in the country who .would not beat them to nought with their own weapons, and that they would gain no sort of honor were they able to out smoke all the burgomasters of Amsterdam . As the prac tice, however, seems more resorted to by these young gen tlemen for the sake of effect, and of exhibiting a little of the (id u( Jon. than for anything ehse, it is likely soon to die a natural death among them, particularly as jockies and porters have lately taken the field in the same way, being determined that no class of the community shall enjoy the exclusive monopoly of street smoking.' Non-Baitisino of the Right Hand.— In the bor der counties of Scotland it was formerly customary, when any rancorous enmity subsisted between two clans, to leave the right baud of small children unchristened, that it might deal the more deadly, or, according to the popu lar phrase, ' unhallowed ' blow s, to their enemies. By this superstitious rite, they were devoted to bear the fami ly feud, or enmity. The same practice subsisted in Ire land, as appears from the following passage in Campion's History of Ireland, published in 1633. ' In some cor ner of 'the land they use a sinful superstition, leaving the right anus of their infants, males, unchristened, (as they termed it,) to the end it might give a more ungracious and deadly blow.' 