ORIGINAL POETRY. [ADVERTISEMENT.] HEAD-MATTER. BY DICK LIGHTPATE, "How far the little candle throws its beams! " Merchant of Venice. John White, John White, astonishing wight! Unequall'd in genius! unbounded in might! Whose brilliant achievements when brought to light, Can cause the beholder to stare; The wonderful wonders performed by thee, And figured in silver or gold, should be An Heir-loom, consigned to thy family; Descending from "Heir unto Heir." Thou luminous Geni of "Cloud-capt tow'rs!" Thou lamp lighting sprite of our fairy bow'rs! Thou curious transformer of life's dull hours, (I mean such as roll ¡n the dark,) Who, fixing a Sun on the top of a post, Turns night into day, and makes street-walking Ghost Stalk back to his coffin, and leave a clear coast For youngsters to gambol and lark; A rare Craniologist thou, friend John; The Matter of Heads thou can'st write well on; And, doubtless, thy work will produce, anon, A something more solid than praise. But nothing at all dost thou say about bumps, And craniological hollows and humps;-- How's this? Oh! I see--'twill not bring in the dumps, Nor strengthen thy efforts to blaze. No fishmonger thou, though a dealer in fish, Nor Lent-folk, nor others, e'er feel a wish To trip to thy counter and call for a dish, To please their piscivorous taste. But still, though thy fish be for eating ne'er set 'Fore Christian or Turk, I would venture to bet, 'Tis just the right sort that should fall in thy net, For not e'en its bone wilt thou waste. Sure, children, in days to come can't fail, Whilst grandam and nurse relate the tale, Of all the strange pranks thou'st play'd the whale, To chuckle, gape, wonder, or shout: And then, how consoling! when thou art dead, And thy Planets and fiery-tailed Comets fled, To think that that matter still runs in a head, Which long from thine own had run out. Now couldst thou invent, (great light spreading Man,) From out of thy head stuff, or any how plan, A Star, by the rays of which, mortals could scan Deception or clouded misdeed: There--swallow the hint--and by all that's tough, If such thou can'st do, thou'lt be right enough; And money thou'lt take fast as some take snuff, Provided thine efforts succeed. Would Cromwell's blest days but venture round, Thy deeds would dazzle, thy fame resound: And each "nimble ninepence" blaze up to a pound: O dear! what a pelf-making trade! "New lights!" "New lights!" would be the cry: Why, John, ev'ry day thou mightest vend a sky Of Moons and Stars, which like Meteors would fly As fast as by hands they were made. If ever, by chance, thou art short of work, Present a memorial to G------r B--ke, For leave to make Crescents for Asia's Grand Turk; 'Twill bring plenty grist to thy mill. Or knock up some Stars, such at Knights may wear, And beg of the Ladies, in justice, to spare A garter a-piece, as they'll certainly share The honours produced by thy skill. Since now in thy cause we with willingness burn, 'T would seem mighty strange when it comes to our turn A Senate to have, if thy merits we spurn, Or suffer those flames to expire. Bad measures to light, thou might'st bring right soon, Whilst we, to support thee, could light up at noon, And pay no regard to the Sun or the Moon, Nor take the least heed of a fire. The habits thou'st given thy Hen* and clutch, No well-meaning Poet can praise too much; And, therefore, great credit I give thee, for such Their minds to good ways will incline. Pray, also remember, nor think I mock, Whene'er of "Head-Matter" thou hast a large stock, 'Tis saleable stuff, for there's many a block Doth need it--as much as thy swine. May no vile intrusion of stinking Gas Thy brilliancy cloud, or thy lustre surpass, Till all thy nine-penn'orths of nimble brass, Transmuted, appear in pure gold; Meanwhile, Mister Whale, should'st thou venture to bask, Or poke up thy snout from a billow to ask If John has retired to his tank or his cask, 'Tis fifty to one thou'rt roll'd. John White, John White, thou humorous wight, Thou foe to all darkness-- diffuser of light-- My Moon is receding; I'll bid thee "Good night," And tumble my bones into bed. Continue thy labours through thick and thin; Stick close to the union of Oil and Tin; No matter who laughs so thou dost but win, And manage to "butter thy bread." * John's Hen picks up the scatter'd grain, And tells her Chicks to do the same. Vide one of J. W's. Advertisements. 