THEATRE Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet was produced, for the firet time at the Sydney theatre, on the evening of Monday last. We will not call the attempt a failure ; because, although the performance was very inferior to that of Othello, we would, as far as possible, endeavour to encourage the production of really intellectual dramatic pieces. If the plays of Shakespeare were to be characterised, each by the particular excellence which distinguishes it from the rest, we must allow to the tragedy of Hamlet the praise of variety. The incidents, says one of the author's commentators, are so numerous, that the argument of the play would make a long tale. The scenes are interchangeably diversified with merriment and solemnity; with merriment, that includes judi- cious and instructive observations ; and solemnity, not strained by poetical violence above the natural sentiments of man. The conduct of the play, however, is not wholly free from objections. Hamlet is through the piece, rather an instrument than an agent. After he has, by the stratagem of the play, convicted the King, he makes no attempt to punish him ; and his death is at last effected by an incident which Hamlet had no part in producing. The apparition left the regions of the dead to little purpose ; the revenge which he demands is not obtained, but by the death of him that was required to take it ; aud the gratifica- tion that would arise from the destruction of an usurper and a murderer, is abated by the untimely death of Ophelia, the young, the beautiful, the harm- less, and the pious. Of the performance on Monday evening, we do not wish to say much ; but the actors ought, at all events, to make themselves acquainted with the meaning of what is " set down for them :" the most barbarous butchery was frequently perpetrated upon the text ; and as this is an evil that might be averted by a little attention, its commission is the more in xcusable. Knowles looked the part of Hamlet very well, but he wants that quiet solemnity of manner which ought to distinguish it. Still, all things considered, it was a respectable performance, and we have no doubt, will improve upon repetition. Simmons played Horatio, and, in one or two of the impassioned scenes, played it very creditably. Ophelia is altogether out of Mrs. Jones's line--her mad scenes were highly ludicrous, and she sang the snatches of songs to some nondescript tunes, which rendered the whole thing one of tho most farcical we ever beheld. Mrs. Taylor ought to have performed Ophelia, but the sage managers, it seems, cast her the part of the Queen (!) which, by right, ought to have been allotted to Mrs. Meredith, Meredith appeared in two characters--the Ghost and the First Gravedig- ger, the latter was very well sustained, but much objection exists to this doubling of parts. It altogether destroys the illusion of the scene; for we defy any one then present to forget that the facetious gravedigger had just before been masquerading in a suit of armour, as a ghost. The other characters require no notice. The proprietors of the theatre are entitled to credit, and deserve encouragement, for introducing Shakespeare to an Australian audience ; but it will be in vain for them to persist, if the performers do not, by diligent study, render it unnecessary to intro- duce nonsense of their own conceiving, in place of the language of the author. The musical farce of The Waterman, which concluded the evening's en- tertainments, was very fairly played throughout. CONCERT. Mrs. Bird's concert at the Pulteney Ho- tel, on Tuesday evening, was very respectably atten- ded, and afforded universal satisfaction to the audience. Mrs. Paul was the main attraction of the night ; and we had much pleasure in observing that she has lost little of her powers since we heard her sing, several years ago, at the most truly social concerts ever got up in Sydney-we mean the amateur concerts. Her song of The Soldier Tired was pitched in rather too high a key, but otherwise it was given with very considerable power and effect. Mrs. Bird sung several airs with much taste, but'her voice, though seemingly highly cultivated, is thin, and does not possess much compass. The duet, As it fell upon a day, by Mis. Bird and Mr. Clarke was, in our opinion, one of the most effective of the vocal performances of the evening. Here's a health to thee ¡'oin Moore, the words by Lord Byron, was very tastefully sung by Mr. Clarke, and deservedly applauded. The instrument- al music, both in the selection and performance reflected the greatest credit on the orchestra. It was all excellent, but the concerto on the flute, with a pianoforte accompaniement, by Mr. Joseplison, is worthy of particular notice-it was delightfully exe- cuted. A Quintette for two violins, tenor, flute, and violincello, by Messrs. Wilson, Sippe, Josephson, Lewis, and another performer whose name we have not heard, was received with much applause ; as was also a solo on the clarionet, with a pianoforte accom- paniment, by Mr. Lewis Among the company pre- sent were Captain Lambert, and several officers of II. M. S. Alligator, Mr. Commissary Laidley, Potter Macqueen, Esq. &c; &c.; The room also contained some whose Beauty hung upon the cheek of eve, Like a rich jewel in an Ethiop's ear; but, really, whether the lady in the pink body, or the charming girl in the blue robe, drew the most atten- tion from the music, we will not now undertake to decide. The latter, we think-but no; we will not pronounce, but leave" the ladies to guess. Altogether it was a very pleasant evening; and although the company was not so numerous as we wish it had been, we hope that Mrs. Bird will give more concerts, when her friends, and the lovers of music, we are sure, will muster stronger. We heard somo gentlemen in the room express regret at not hearing Mrs Taylor. We believe that her assistance was not asked ; for we think we may assert for her that if it had been, she would not have withheld it. MESSRS. LONG & WAIGHT's WHARF We are not influenced by any other motive than that of justly complimenting the activity and enterprise that have characterised Messrs. Long and Wright, in the stupendous obstacles they have overcome at the Miller's wharf, by reducing the rocks which overhung the harbour, to a perfect level ; and crowning the part they have allowed to remain with some splendid residences possessing a most pleasing locality and a very invigorating air. His Excellency the Governor lately visited the wharfs in question, and felt highly pleased with the manner and extent to which valuable improvements had been carried by these gentlemen. Not three years ago the Miller's point was a barren and unseemly head-land, looking down the harbour with the sole ornaments of a couple of wooden flour mills and a few ruinous hovels. It is now formed into a range of wharfs unrivalled either for their extent and utility by any similar works in the country, undertaken by private individuals. We are the more anxious to compliment the spirited pro pi ietors on account of the quiet and unassuming manner in which the whole has beau conducted. A very serious robbery was committed on Monday evening in the premises of Mr. Ashley, in Liverpool-street, The family had been out on a visit, and returned about half past ten at night. The house seemed perfectly secure, but on looking for a box, it was found to be non est. An alarm was im- mediately given, and Mr. Ashley ran to Mr. Crisp, of the Angel, who resides a few doors from the spot, on the Brickfield-hill. This gentleman suspecting that the burglars would naturally make either for the Race-course, or some of the isolated spots near to the baso of tlie Surry-hills, got a few constables and made for this direction ; after a rigid search, the trunk was found, and in it £500. in notes, which the fel- lows had not observed from being tied up among some clothes ; gold and silver to the amount of .£197. waa abstracted ; the clothes were not in the least disturbed ; these notes Mr. Crisp instantly secured and gave to Mr. Ashley. No suspicion attaches to the servants in the house ; the doors were evidently opened by skeleton keys. We aro sorry to find that the fellows have as yet eluded detection. Bank Stock.-Five shares in that flourishing establishment, the Bank of New South Wales, upon which £80 each has been paid up, were sold by private contract, by Mr. Samuel Lyons, on the 19th instant, to Dr. Malcolm, at _.7o par cent, premium, for £680. The proseciltion of the two Coffees, who were convicted of cattle stealing, on Tuesday last, before Mr. Justice Dowling, was conducted by Mr. G. li Nicholls, who has a general retainer from the Patterson's Plains Association, for all prosecu- tions of this alarming crime, carried on at their instance. MARCH OF INTELLECT.-A witnOSâ ia « case of cattle stoaling, which was triad in the Supremo Court, yesteiday, could not toll the christian name of his inother-in-lavv, whoso proporty ho was deposing to, and did not at all seem tp compiohend what a Cluistian naino was. After being repeatedly pressed upon this unexampled display of ignorance in a court ol justice, ho stated by way of excuse, that ho was "no Scholar." Oh, temporal Oh, Mores ! An Exchange Shot.--In a trial for stealing in a dwelling home, and putting an inmate in fear, which took place before tho Supremo Court, on yesteiday foronoon, the learned Judge, (Dowling) suspecting from the manner in which one of the witnesses for tho defence was giving his evidence, that he was "particeps oriminis," asked him in the cant phraseology, vyhat oflice ho gave on tho occasion. The man seeming to hesitate, Ilis Honor added como, come, I am sure you know what an office means. Oh ! yes, was tho prompt rejoinder, I know well what an office means ; but I don t know exactly what suit you are upon. It need scarcely be said that this laconic reply convulsed the whole Court vvith laughter. The inhabitants expected that the im- portation of flour by the Blade Warrior would have reduced the price of bread. There aro only 1,100 barrels in her, so that it will only keep the market steady for a week or two. Tho rise of bread, wo think, will go on progressively until it rcachosso high as to lead to starvation among the poor classes. Maize flour will then be used to the exclusion of wheaten, and thus will maize rise in price also. Mr. Paul has been instructed to sell a number'of valuable French and Saxon rams this day. These beautiful sheep aro now depasturing at Peters- ham, and will placo a very superior breed opon to I public competition. 