Domestic Intelligence. It is with infinite pleasure we have to announce to the public, that Mr. Nicholls, of Brown's River, supposed to have been mur- dered, is actually alive and well, but remains absent from Brown's River, for some domestic cause, which he assigns as a reason for his mysterious absence. This information reached the Police-office recently by a ticket-of-leave man, named Moore, who deposed to the fact. Johnson, who was in gaol, charged with being connected in the supposed murder, has been discharged. Since writing the above, we have been favored with the following additional parti culars. Mr. Nichols appeared in propria persona, on Saturday last, after having been considered murdered, upwards of six weeks. He made a statement at the office, alleging as a reason for his conduct, certain losses of a peculiar nature, and that he himself, had stowed away all the provisions and property he had taken with him, in hollow-trees and concealed places, and that he had afterwards put the stones into the boat and sunk it. He was discovered by a man who was looking after cattle, the man hearing some cracking of sticks, went to the spot from whence the same came, and saw what he con- sidered, the ghost of Mr. Nichols, the latter however, told him not to be afraid, for that he would not injure him. The men taking up on suspicion of the murder, were we understand, to be shortly tried-what a favorable circum- stance it is, that the discovery was made in time for who can tell what would have followed the trial. Swift the district constable, who had so many journies to the Huon River, and other places, is we understand about to write and publish a narrative of his Tours, to be entitled, " Killing no Murder." We are informed that the Chief Police Magistrate has been pleased to signify his ap- probation, according to the provisions of the 'Licensing Act, to the removal of Francis Heaney's license, the "Harp,"'in Bathurst- street, to those very eligible premises beyond the third mile stone, and directly contiguous to the Race Course, which, we are happy to find, will be immediately opened, and afford a great accommodation to the public at the en- suing races. We are told that Heaney is an old hand, and a man of very good character, from whom the public may expect every pos- sible civility and accommodation. The Chief Police Magistrate has, also, caused placards to be exhibited of his willingness to allow all publicans, who apply for his written sanction, to vend malt liquor, ginger beer, &c;, (wine and spirits excepted) pursuant to the 26th section of the same Act, at the ensuing New Town Races. We are informed that the Duke of Venice appeared for the first time on the boards at the Police Office in the course of the last week, disguised as a gentleman, charged with indecent and obscene language to a con- stable, and rescuing a Cyprian Queen from him at the late hour of one o'clock in the morning. His Highness, when before, the Judge, struck his forehead three times, until, at last, without being asked to hit it again, a thought struck him, and he expressed his con trition at his undignified conduct the night before, and the kindness and forbearance of the " unmannered slaves" upon the occasion. We are further informed; that His Highness, a few minutes before this, was disturbed, when with folded arms, reciting Odes to the Moon. Is it not rather strange, that the sup- porters of the Regatta were, with few excep tions, merchants and traders, Up to the pre- sent moment, not one half- penny has been re- ceived from the aristocracy by the Secretary. The Van Diemen's Land Bank, and gentle- men most immediately connected with it, came forward most handsomely; but those connected with other establishments, could attend, with their families, to witness the gay scene, although five shillings subscription was begrudged-nay, refused, after repeated soli- citations. Public spirited men!!! Will it be believed, can it be possible, that Little Mister Sutton arrived from his tour of the pictoresque without any public demon- stration of joy-neither the Battery guns fired, nor did the bell of St. David's Church ring on the occasion. What was the corporal at the Battery about, that he did not fire a salute where was the bellman of St. David's ? Mr. Sutton looks much better for his holiday rusticating seems to agree with his constitu- tion, and the public constitution would recom- mend that he be ordered to rusticate again. We are informed that the Commercial Bank is the only establishment of that de- scription which does not enter to whom are paid, and from whom are received, large notes of the Bank's circulation. A robbery was lately effected, where had the Commercial Bank followed the example of the other estab- lishments, in all probability a discovery would have ensued, for among other valuable pro- perty lost, were several £20 notes of the Com- mercial Bank. Can it be true that an Act of Council is in preparation, to alter the number of the British Jury, from twelve to seven individuals. We have heard such reported, but cannot be- lieve it. Trial by Peers, trial by Juries is all a farce, if because twelve are too many for one individual, seven must be appointed. We shall further comment on these extraordinary proceedings. The Wooden Jetty on the Old Wharf will be immediately commenced upon. A meeting was held a few days since at the Com- mercial Hotel, for the purpose pf considering the most desirable plan, &c;, when the neces- sary arrangement's were ultimately determined. A subscription has been taken in hand, and already nearly amounts to the sum required. The February number of the,Hobart Town Magazine is this day published. It is by far the best we have ever seen. There is an excellent article on the medical profession, which we have extracted elsewhere. An arti- cle on the Turf is well worthy of attention. The lithographic view is His Majesty's Gaol, Hobart Town-a pretty object at a distance. We are glad to notice the soirées are about to recommence in the Argyle Rooms. Thursday evening will be the first-of course there will be a full house We understand a new musical instrument will be introduced, called the Accordion, which for sweetness and softness of tone cannot be excelled. We have seen the cup which is to be given by Mr. Rowlands to the winning gal- loway at New Town on the 19th, and a very handsome piece of plate it is. Reckoning the value of the plate, and the number of spoken- of entries, the race will be well worth sixty pounds or upwards. It is rather singular, and much to the credit of Mr. Watson, that he is the builder of both the Fox and the Daisy, both winners at the Regatta. Mr. Green, we understand built the Beppo, expressly for the races, and fright- ened all opponents from the water. Is it true, that the Colonial Times tis such a powerful dose to some persons, that the mere seeing an advertisement in its co lumns, is sufficient to stir up the bile, after a three years passable health and quietness. We envy not such persons their charitable feelings ! ¡ We understand that such strict etiquette is now enforced at the Cart License-office, where the great Don of the Police Act sits in state, that even "Little Dan Murphy," al- though he held a certain mandate in his hand for his don-ship, was ordered to appear un- covered. The only accident which occurreiliSdu ring the Regatta, was the bursting of the first gun fired on board the Mary and Elizabeth, by which the mate of the brig was triflingly wounded in the thigh. We are requested to say that the Beppo gig, with four oars, can be backed from £20 upwards, against Mr. A. Franklands favorite gig, with six oars. We hear that the ships Vibilia and Surry bave proceeded to sea, having been sur- veyed at George Town after their late collission in Whirlpool Reach. The conduct of the Pilots has very properly been made a subject of en- quiry. The River is not buoyed or beaconed as it ought to be We heard one pilot declare a few days since that, long as he had been ac- customed to the navigation of it, he was often "in the dark" for the want of, beacons. Really, with the sum of ,£1250 12s. paid for the ser- vice of the River in 1832, and the sum of £873 103. 6d. in 1833, the public have the privilege of expecting more than has been done. What has become of the money God and the Port Officer may know. ¿£2133 2s. 6d.-small sum this -Independent. All Launceston (almost) was out to see the beautiful horse handed from the Norval, the property of Mr. Hardwick. It is indeed a beautiful animal, and we hope it will prove a benefit to the Colony. Its symmetry is ex- ceedingly handsome, and its points excellent ~and we have no doubt, if kept for the ser- vice of Colonial Mares, it will as amply prove beneficial to its proprietor, as it will prove ad- vantageous to the Colonists. We applaud the spirit of Mr. Hardwick in running so great a risk as he must have done, in furnishing a first-rate thorough-bred race-horse from the Mother Country-and we ardently hope that he may be remunerated for his outlay.-Ibid. 