Sydney Gazette THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1834. " Vf o have little doubt but the Sydney Gaxette will reeommenee its vituperations on perusing our article bslow, in which we have considered it our duty to dis «ourage, for the present, emigration to New South Wales."-Sydney Monitoi. The article from which we make the foregoing quotation, and the " article below" to which it refers, being virtually ene and tlie same, we shall take the free- dom of considering it as such in the course of the observations which we feel it our duty to make on the multifarious subjects of which it treats. We know not why the editor of the Monitor should anticipate that we would renew what he is pleased to term our " vituperations." Vituperation is not a practice of ours; and although we have occasionally been driven to resort to the lex talionis, our natural disposition revolts from a practice which properly belongs only to a barbarian. Still it is impossible "wholly to subdue a frailty which is, in some respect, inherent in man's nature - the desire of returning blow for blow. Forgiveness of injury is a Christian pre- cept, but it is sometimes hard, even for a Christian, to reduce it to practice. In this respect we have sinned - our contem- porary smote us on one cheek, and we possessed not the humility which would teach us to present the other to be smitten likewise. " The very head and front of our offending Hath this extent-no more." Yet for this did we express our regret - not to the editor of the Alonilor as he would seem to insinuate ; our humility did not carry us so far-but to thepublic, who are his and our judges, and who have, ere this, decided upon which side the justice of the case lies. Rut the editor of the Monitor, ia his number of yesterday, has shifted his ground ; he admits the provocation we havo received, so far as he himself is mixed up in the contest; hut charges us with having attacked "an individual who has never written a line in any of tke Journals''I ! It is not our habit to deal | \ in mere assertion, neither do we approve ofthe practice of dragging persons before the public by narrie. We, therefore, re- frain from pointing the allusion of the Alonitor ; but we do publicly call upon the " individual" to say whether his ad vocate has declared the truth wheo he stated that he (" the individual") never wrote a lino in any of the public jour- nals ? An injudicious friend often works inore harm than an avowed enemy : so it is in the present instance. Does not the '*? individual" in question know that we know he has written in more than one public journal ? Is he not aware that, at this very moment, there is in existence proof, under his own hand, of his having so written ? has not a widow and her children suffered to no little extent from the explosion of one of his political squibs, the consequences of which he had pledged his honour to avert ? is he not conscious that his propensity for mingling in the "crooked politics" of the day is notorious? and does he not know that toe could gi\e "chapter and verse" in proof of our assertion? All this, too, must be known to his advocate : \wliy, then, is the latter so impolitic as to ^declare publicly that he has " never written a line in any of the journals" ? We are not yet aware that it is any of. fence, either legal or moral, to write in a public journal-then why take such pains to disavow the act? In the present in- stance, the reason is obvious. An under jhand politician, when found out, is fair game for a public journalist-the latter has an undoubted right to expose his si- nister designs, and to counteract the ob. I jec(» lioJkay have ia view by proclaiming _ the? motive»" by which he ¡a «otualeil ** Hélice the anxiety on the part of^tlie Monitor's client to disavow haviiîjpaétcd' in such a way as properly subjected him to the castigation which ho has received, and under which he so evidently winces. True, he has never given vs any " per- sonal offence" ; and, as a private gentle- man, wo bear him no ill .will ; but has he not, to all intents and purposes, made himself a public character Î Has not a solitary case of outrage committed by some of his servants been cited as an in- stance of the insurrectionary disposition that pervades the whole of the prison population throughout the colony ?-is not that outrage (for outrage we admit it to bave been), still made use of as one means of goading the Governor into a change of measures more in accordance with the feelings of the enemies of His Excellency, and of those who think with him ? And has not, then, a public jour- nalist the right, should he happen to dis- sent from the views of this " individual," to prove, if ho can, that, as " one swal- low does not make a summer," so a des- perate outrage on one farm ought not to be received as proof that the whole co- lony ,is in an " uproar" ? We have done no more than this ; and yet how have we been replied to? Not by argument - not by demonstrating, or endeavouring to demonstrate, the fallacy of our reason- ings, but by the assertion of direct un- truths, and by the use of nicknames ! If the cause of our adversaries is a good cause, surely it needs not the aid of such auxiliaries-if they feel it to be a bad cause, blind, indeed, and foolish must they be, if they think it can be propped up hy such disreputable means. .One of the reasons advanced by the editor of the Monitor for discouraging emigration to this colony, at present, is that a portion of the press is in the hands of prisoners of the crown and " so long as that exists, it must not be expected that convict discipline will be enforced." How our other contem- poraries will treat this allegation, we, of course know not, but as far as our journal is concerned., we give it a flat denial. This assertion, however, as well as the desig- nation of '. the prisoner's journal" which our liberal- minded contemporary has be- stowed upon us, comes with a bad grace from one who, in former days, enjoyed the title of the "convictrag"-whose .' foreign correspondents" were denizens of Norfolk Island or ¡Moreton Bay-and whose sympathies (when it served his purpose) were excited by the ** lying legends" of some of the most worthless vagabonds that ever disgraced humanity. From such aman tho designation of " the prisoners' journal," as applied to the Gazette, and of the " Convict press," as applied to the Gazette and the Australian is almost too contemptible for notice. We cannot " vituperate"-we cannot abandon ourselves to so despicable a prac- tice ; yet were we disposed to follow a base example, that example is now before us, Public opinion is with us -our op- ponents know that it is ; and "prisoners' journal" and " convict press" compose the mud with which we are pelted by po- litical scavengers. In short, the series of shifts to which our adversaries have been driven have only had the effect of manifesting the rot- tenness of the cause which they espouse. Tlie Monitor will now see that we have not resorted to " vituperation." We have told " the truth, and nothing but the truth ;" and however unpalatable this may be in some quarters, the parties most interested must be taught to bear in mind the homely adage, that it is not good for those to throw stones, who themsehes dwell in glass houses ! Elective Assembly.-" After a storm comes a calm !" so it is with the Monitor, for we must say that the tempe- rate analization of our remarks by him on the doctrine preached by the Herald, as incapacitating us from receiving the benefits of a Representative Government were not expected, because the temper of our cuntemporary appeared of late to be so inveterately diseased by that worst of all maladies-personality, as to lead us to imagine that his usual serenity of mind would not be restored without the potent " aid of medicine." We must do him the justice to say, that his re- marks upon the necessity of an extensive Legislative improvement in the Council are universally participated in by the Colonists as a body, and we only re echo the public voice by recording our convic- tion, that until the debates in this Assembly are publicly known, not only will individual members be denounced for m.tl- legislation, of which they are perhaps innocent, but the body must imperceptibly fall into that sort of con- tempt and reprobation which infallibly attend ewls which are not capable of re- medy. Liberality of feeling;-a sacred regard for the public weal ; -the sacri- fice of individual prejudices for the ad- vantage of the country, may be evinced by those very Members of the Council who are popularly believed to cherish the narrowest and most selfish sentiments. In this point of view do we consider the gentlemen who form the Council are both individually and collectively interested in enlarging their sphere of action, either by increasing the number of Councillors, or by throwing 'open the doors of the pre sent Aisembly, pnrpoaeïy to secura pttb ', lie confidence, and to. give to every jman the merit or degradation duo toilis-piir-* ticular opinion. The folly of »«Secrt'tary of State attempting to give* Jaw, to a country situated 10,000 miles from him ; the imbecility of such an officer judging of local questions through '"lie interested medium either of individuals, or the Go- vernment itself, is sufficiently apparent to every observer of passing occurrences. Even the Governor may be made the in- strument of inflicting the most extensive I i injuries upon Ihe Colony, since his lune- t tions are so much under the direction of c a British Minister. Why do not the i leading parties in the country form a coalition for the special attainment of a measure pregnant with advantages which * it is not possible at the present moment t to describe ? The admission or exclusion ( of particular parties will, and ought to depend in any event upon (heir characters, in the Colony : and if the standard of eligibility is left open to merit and capa- city alone, there is no fear that one poli- tical sect will give law to the other ; or that a collision of interests will introduce anarchy, where the most dignified order should reign. On this point, therefore, we agree with the Alonitor, and regret, indeed, that upon a subject of such para- mount import mee to every party there should be any difference of opinion. Our remarks have, in part, been wholly misconceived by our contemporary, and we again refer him to that portion of tbem to which he gives the following interpre- tation : -. " With respect to the sentiment of the Gaxctte in the above quotation, that the sober portion of our society ought not to be deprived of rum, brandy, and gin, at cheap prices, in order to deliver the Colony from the pestilence (drunkenness) just described, (which we understand the Gatette to insinuate) we say that such a piece of self-denial is the bounden duty of such a class." The Herald assumed as a basis, that so long as a large revenue was derived from the importation of spirits, so long were we (in their blessed opinions) to be all considered aa incorrigible drunkards, to whom it would be sacrilege to give a popular representation ; and we therefore contended that to deprive the sober and respectable part of ihe people of a libe- ral Government, because a large portion were so addicted, was a silly and stupid proposition, only fit to ornament the co- lumns of such a Journal as the Herald. This was, and this still is, our decided opinion. Give Australia an Elective Assembly to administer the unction to her infirmities, and we shall, on the spot, apply the antedote to intrigue and me nace, without being individually sub jected to the slanderous accusations which e the private reports of the cabal are so i fertile in producing. e s J s Female Emigrants.-Can it possi- bly be true that an itinerant agent, who carne to this colony in charge of those unfortunate females, who, under highly coloured expectations, have been induced to abandon the domestic circle of their friends in England, has lately paid a visit to such as have become settled in the country, and solicited repayment of the funds devoted by the British Govern- ment to their banishment-and, in some cases, deep misery. Instead of attempt- ing to exact payment of a sum appro- priated to this purpose, tlie Government (if it has given ils ¡-auction to any such request) ought rather to advance a fur- ther sum in order that the destitute fe- males may return to Europe, or provide temporarily for those who languish in despondency here-the dupes of merce- nary ship owners. If we had not been made acquainted, through a respectable channel, willi the attempted exaction of this trifle from females hardly possessing the means of providing themselves wilh suitable subsistence, wc should have really doubted whether any man could | ] have allowed himself se become the instru- ment of achieving such a noble and gene- rous purpose. The unfortunate females have come to this colony under hopes that cannot be realized ; the Commis- sioners acting under the authority of the British Goiernment have favoured the delusion; and in lieu of asking money as the price of their credulity, we regret that there is no competent tribunal in this colony to which the females in ques- tion could apply for damages in conse- quence of the trickery of which they have become the viclims. The Theatre v. the Concert. On Tuesday evening the theatrical en- tertainments of the preceding Saturday were repealed to an unusually thin house ; the whole ofthe performers of last season, who possessed any real merit, having se- ceded from the theatre, has apparently induced the public to withhold their pa- tronage to the almost only rational amuse- ment in the colony. We noticed the effect of this circumstance more particularly in the dress circle of boxes, where many families of respectability were in the habit of constantly attending during the season which has just closed, but we are sorry lo add. that this part of the house presented, on Tuesday evening, an empty appearance. On the same evening, the retired performers gave their third con- cert in the saloon ofthe Pulteney Hotel. The room was more than half filled by a select, and highly respectable audience. It would be tedious, as well as unneces- sary, to dwell upon the success which0the only persons possessing any just claim to musical talent yet submitted to the pub- lic, met on this occasion. Suffice it to say, that the whole of the performers were well received, while the pre-emi- nent vocal ability of Mrs. Taylor had an unusually happy effect. The repeti- tion of both theatrical and concert enter- tainments is announced for this evening, with the view, no doubt, by so conspi- cuously placing their merits in juxta po- sition, of ascertaining the preponderance of public favour towards the contending partie«, hut we think, that enough has already been done to collect public opi nion on the subject, and that therctoro hostilities should ceabe. The differences between the proprietors and performers appear to be, comparatively speaking, of a trilling nature, and not at all difficult, we imagine, to admit of a reconciliation. One thing is certain, that without avery consi- derable accession of talent to the present theatrical corps, tho establishment must sink. In the present state, it is morally impossible to proceed, and we would re- commend the persons concerned seri- ously to consider those thinus. Once 31 more we recommend an amicable adjust j I ment of differences. Remember the " bundle of sticks" in the fable, which when united, bade defiance to destruc- tion ; but when separated, were, with- out difficulty broken, one by one. We alluded in our last to the lamentable death of Mr. Vaux, at Norfolk Island, and to the fact that he was seen upon the waves from the shore for, we are assured, a quarter of an hour. The Monitor, naturally enough, remarks that if such could have been the case, assistance was in the power of the people on the beach to render him. When it is known how- ever, that the fatal occurrence took place some distance from the settlement, and that a strong head wind retarded the boats instantly despatched to his aid, the the moment intelligence was carried to authorities, the Monitor will allow that no charge of indifference applies to the officers there, but that Mr. Vaux perished in spite of the best efforts of man to save him from a watery grave. Land Commission.-John Lamirk aud Lawrence V. Dalhunty, Esqs., have been added to the Board of Com- missioners, for deciding upon claims to grants of land. This will prepare against the delay consequent on the necessary absence of Mr. Therry on his official duties as Commissioner of the Courts of Requests ; or the frequent tours into the interior hy ¡Major Mitchell; but it does not in any degree, either increase public confidence in the Commissioners ; facili- tate their labours ; or reduce the exorbi- tant fees levied upon every applicant for a title to his land. What private instruc- tions has the Governor given to the Commissioners, that even they should complain of interference with their pres- cribed duties; duties we mean distinctly chalked out by the Act in Council ? Until a satisfactory explanation is given on this head, misconception and distrust must arise, and become daily increased by the shrugs and hums and ha's of the Board, who seem very ill-at-ease with their posts, under the unexpected mandate of His Excellency. So speaks rumour. An Attentive Observer will per- ceive that we have omitted some of the severer portions of his letter. When we received the report upon which he ani- madverts, we had no reason to doubt its impartiality; but we must say, that since its publicali nseveral individuals posses- sing table and judgment seemed disposed to question our motive for inserting it. We gave it publicity (as we give our correspondent's letter) from a principle of fairness. Not having been ourselves at.the theatre, on the night in question, we can offer no opinion of our o»n on the subject. Magistrates.—Three new magis- trates have been nominated by the Go- vernor, viz. :—Messrs.Thomas Barker, miller; Edye Manníng and Charles H. Ebden ; merchants all of Sydney. We should feel highly gratified to per- ceive in honorary appointments of this nature, some of the intelligent native born youth occasionally appear. They cannot help reflecting upon the exclusion evidently attempted against them, and particularly when they perceive few among those whom interest or talent re- commend to the distinction of the Go- vernment, possessing higher capacities than they do. To command the affections of the young Australians ought to be an object of paramount importance with the authorities ; and no measure can ever do this more effectually than rendering them eligible to those honours which the crown has at its gratuitious disposal. A very handsome, and large sized Silver Medal, voted some time since by the Members of the Australian Union Benefit Society, to Mr. W. J. Edwards, is to be presented to that gentleman at the Albion Inn, this evening. On one side there is, iu rich embossed work, the Eye of Providence, with its rays reflect- ing on a device of four united hands, in which are contained the. Rose, Sham- rock, Thistle, and Maize Stalk, respec- tively, surrounded by a laurel wreath, and superscribed by the motto-" United to relieve, not combined to injure." The reverse side expresses the nirteulirs of the honorary gitt, and the grounds upon which it is granted. The chased border is tastefully executed, and the whole workmanship proves that it has been per- formed by a skilful hand. This circum- stance affords evidence that it is no longer necessary (as has been done in the case of the piece of plate voted to Robert Seo it, of Glendon) to send to England for the completion of a task which can be so well got up in the colony. The Artist is, we understand, a Mr. John Prit- chard, of Castlereagh-slreet. Sir Edward Parry and the Honor- able Mr. M«Leay, inspected the brewing establishment of Mr. Cadell, at Wind sor, on Wednesday week. They were much pleased to think that Mr. C. had succeeded so well in hh speculations as a browor. - :.'*.. le ie d, r, ih as 3h ,v BO id lie lie to at to IX of IE J-, ti- to ist ry al of !ie es lie Il- li- ra c lie Id 'S m tis ist he d, ts, lis ¡r lie ve li its ce ¡S ed it. ur le es n, ie s 0 R* ss y« r is VQ }y >n id w e o es ns m lie Jo m *n Major Gibbs as chief officer of Customs in this colony, will take the place cf Mr. La uga, as member of the Legislative Council held pi o tem. by the latter gen- tleman. Mr. Cotton has received an appointment in England. While willi us the public held him in the highest es- teem ; and we trust that Ins successor (Mr. Gibrs) in the Council, will l.ecoino a consistent friend to liberal measures, and keep aloof from the faction who are now conspiring against the Government. The Friendship has boen taken up hy the Government to convey provisions, &c.; to the set- tlement at Moreton Bay ; she has accordingly hauled along ide the King's Stores to take in her cargo. The Active having completed her dis- charge, hauls away from the berth at tho King's Wharf. With Ihe return of spring tides the Richard Reynolds comes once more alongside the wreck of the Ann Jamison, to assist in a further attempt at getting up that vessel. The Harlequin having completed her lading, provisions, and water, has hauled ofr into the stream, prepaiatory to going to sea for New Zealand. The cargo taken by the Lady Leith to King George's Sound is Australian produce ; after discharging which she proceeds to the Mauritius for sugar. The Currency Lass has nearly dis- charged her import cargo, and will commence re- loading for Hobart Town immediately. The Persian, Enchantress, and Floren- tia, are all likely to sail for London within a few days of each other. The alterations at Carters' Barrack are proceeding rapidly, and the quarters intended for a chain gang will be ready in another fortnight. The portion of the building appropriated to this purpose is the one where the trades were carried on j one de- partment will accommodate seventy men, and the other thirty; it being intended to keep the strength of the gang as high as one hundred. The guard-room will be right in the midst of the piisoners, who will therefore possess little chance of escape. The centre of the barrack, where the clock is, and which has been the school-room and apartments of the boys, will constitute the prison for debtors, who will enjoy the benefit of a spacious yard ; and the quarters formerly tenanted by overseers, watchmen, &c.;"* will be fitted up for the reception of the mountod police. Dr. Lhotsky has- announced his inten- tion to pnblish an account of his travels in the interior, and particularly his adventures among tlie Australian Alps. The Doctor is, no doubt, a clever man ; a man who in book making will certainly satisfy himself, and very probably amuse the public. Instruction, if it is derived from his travels to the Australian Alps, is more than we can guarantee. Perhaps, however, the Doctor has a genius of more stupendous materia caste than we can well imagine; and instead of pre- senting his patrons with a dry étalement of scientific names-analization of earths-and mineral water, he may prove a Barrow, or a Hall, giving interest to trifles, and raising to himself a name that shall " out- live ages." What he can possibly have discovered in a barren region, or what he can have been taught by a few savages and isolated stockmen, Dr. John Lhotsky will soon inform us in his twenty weekly sheets of matter, at one shilling each,-that is to say, provided the public come up to the mark as subscribers. In this colony labour seldom leads to wealth or importance. A good head, and a strict eye to the " main chance," the Doctor, no doubt, finds is the polar star that leads to the favoured goal to which all his romantic pro- jects tend. Four men escaped from an overseer, who had taken them to the shore from the Hulk on Tuesday, to cut wood. The Superintendent was at the time in Sydney, We are sorry to tliink, that men under sentence should thus be allowed to land under any but an armed escort. If such has been allowed hitherto to take place, it ought to be instantly discon- tinued. One ofthe prisoners named Lady, was under sentence ; two were under orders for Port Macquarie : and the other named Smith, had been detained in the Hulk until despatched to his destination from which he had been sent to Sydney, as a witness on a late trial. Tickets op Leave.-The extraordi- nary negligence of the local Bere'ies in forwarding ap- plications for this indulgence, cannot surely be de- fended upon any ground whatever. Frequent com- plaints reach us from all quarters of the colony on this subject. It is but fair to add, that none of them impute the least blame to Mr. Hely, as they feel satis- fied that this cruel indifference to a very deserving class, solely rests with the sporting clerks of Court in the interior. One thing, wa understand, does come under the controul of Mr. Hely ; namely, that of calling for a monthly or quarterly return of all applications for tickets of leave, and if this is the case, he is not the man that will allow the clerks to delay forwarding such returns, should the matter come under his atten- tion. We trust he will keep the sporting clerks of Court, in view upon this point. When masters feel that men are really deserving of indulgence, and that improper delay is experienced, they have the «xample of Mr. Hall as their guide, who states : " Wc remember applying early for tickets in Dar- ling's time for two of our men in Argyle, which not being attended to, we gave them passes, renewing them from time to time. These were winked at by the worthy justices in that quarter, and thus the men got their rights eighteen months' a-piece before the tickets emerged at length from tha officers of the Govern- ment." In all such cases, adopting this line of conduct can never be censured by whomsoever it may be prac- tised. Modesty of a Contemporary.-On the subject of the following sample of egotism, we shall only remark, that the Jury strictures alluded to, will more than probable, if printed, experience the same fate which certain Lectures on Political Economy, forwarded to London some years ago, met with ; namely, that a publisher would not undergo the punishment of even reading the MSS., far less incur the cxpence and ridicule of "printing them. The Editor of the Colonist is no fool ! This scrap, with an appropriate wood cut, ought to stand in one corner of hoods Comic Annual. It is a fine sample of Colonial " whims and oddities" : " We published an Essay on ' The Right of Juries,' in this Journal, under ten heads. It was a long article, and will be found in the Sydneu Monitor, of dates the 19th of June, 25th June, 10th July, 18th September, and 28th September, 1833, respectively. We recommend the Colonist to publish the Essay, either in that paper, or (what would be better) in a pamphlet. Vie will, ourselves, take 100 copies, if it be published by subscription, and charged at the cost pi ice. We wish to make a present of them to our friends at home, including some Members of Parlia- ment, The Van Diemen's Land folks want enlight- ening on Juries fully as much as we do in New South Wales ; and if the tatt be not exactly such as we have endeavoured to shew, upon the doctrine of the immor- tal Junius, all we can say say is, it ought to be. " We have always intended publishing 500 copies of this Essay, to give away in this colony, and to our fiiends at home, but want of leisure has hitherto pre- vented us from accomplishing our wishes." id jy in s, at ie ie t in n c h, 3d ie of >n îr le r ii er se T id ie st The twenty men who were yesterday sent to the iron gang at George's River, made an at- tempt to break out of gaol the night preceding. They were confined, it appears, in the black hole in rendis ness for their journey, and tore a large hinge off the inside of their door, with which they were endea- vouring to force out a stone, and effect tlieir egress to the street. Those not employed in the operation set up a loud singing, by way of drowning the noise thereof ; but the sentinel fortunately hearing it, gave an alarm, in consequence of which they were inter- rupted, and secured to the cells for the rest of the night. The Sydney millers, it seems, intend to avail themselves of the late inclement state of the weather, as a plea for raising the price of flour. We trust that the power of enhancing the valu j of t'ie chief article of human food, will soon be taken from tiiose individuals, for whose exclusive advantage it is used. Let us hope that the Council will not lose sight of this subject. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, for the ensuing term, eommense thi day wsek. No performance took plaoe at, thoi. Theatre on Monday evening, th« rain falling ¡n ina h ,r(f torrents as to render it an act of insanity for any nar- * son to step beyond the threshold of his house. , , Mr. D. A C. G. Good-ir takes eharg«, "lir of the establishment at Gaiters' Barrack on the first of u next month, when he will receive possession of tha > house occupied by Mr. Murray. The entire ¡»ide of a house lately erected in the rear of where the old windmill on the Church« » » hill formerly stood, has been washed down by the tor- -"I rent caused from the heavy rain which fell on Monday1 last. A draft of twenty prisoners under sen- tence to iron-gangs, was forwarded from the gaol with a military escort, yesterday morning. They pro ' «cod to George's River, to join the gang lately formad in that neighbourhood. The sitting magistrate (Mr. Slade) last week stated at the Police-office, that he woul1. consider every person complaining of the ill cöhduc-" of an assigned servant bound to give his name and "Ji sentence. Prisoners, by adopting ficticious names', 'bt ' " returning an erroneous sentence, frequently sucbe'éd in defeating after consequences ; for on appearing ' upon a subsequent charge their proper names dd 'hol ' ,fr appear in aggravation against them on the pollcV books ; and they moreover preserve their eligibility to' -" indulgence, when the period of probation empire».' The consequence is, that many bad characters' gat upon their hands by this subterfuge. The Court of Quarter Sessions for he Sydney, will commence its sittings on Monday next. Several very excellent cottages in ,i ,. Kent-street, will this day be sold on the ground, by Mr. Bodenham, at one o'clock. i Shameful Murder.-We yesterday were nearly terrified into fits, by meeting Mr. Austin , of O'Connel-street, some hours after the Australian had formally announced his death. Had we really been persuaded of the popular doctrine about ghosts,' ?a smart run would have soon can iel us a thousand yards from Mr. Austin, whom we considered aux«ally " numbered among the things that were." 