POPPING THE QUESTION. BY AN OLD BACHELOR. yd Of red 23 13 13 31. 4-21 HO 13 25 2 til I- 1 126 19 and may ful on, most we and that we in the open in- ered 8 of esty you the life, the About twenty years ago, (I was not then so bad as I am now, I was spending the Midsummer it with my old friend and school- fellow, Tom Morton. Tom had married early in life, and had a daughter, Mary Rose who, to her " father's and mother's beauty," added her uncle Absalom's good humour, and her aunt Deborah's notability. In her you had the realization of all that the poets have sung about fairy forms, dulcet voices, and watching eyes. She was just such a being as you may imagine to yourself in the heroine of some beautiful romance-Nar cases, in Roderick Random, for instance-or Sophia, in Tom Jones-or Fanny, in Joseph Andrews-not the modern lackadaisical damsels of Colburn and Bentley. If she had met the eye of Mare Anthony, Cleopatra might have exerted her blandishments in vain if Pam had but seen Mary Rose Morton, Troy might have been standing to this day. Such was the presiding divinity of the house where I was visiting. My heart was susceptible and I fell in love. No man, I thought, had ever loved as I did-a common fancy among lovers-and the intensity of my affection I believed would not fail to meet a return. One cannot explain the secret, but those who have felt the influence, will know how to judge of my feelings. I was as completely over head and ears as mortal could be. I loved with that entire devotion that makes filial piety and brotherly affection speak to a corner of man's heart, and leave it to the undisputed so vereignty of feminine beauty. The blindness incidental to my passion, and the young lady's uniform kindness, led me to believe that the possibility of her be coming my wife was by no means so remote as at first it had appeared to be and, having spent several sleepless nights in examining the subject on all sides, I determined to make her an offer of my hand, and to bear the result, pro or con, with all due philosophy. For more than a week I was disappointed in an opportunity of speaking alone with my adored, notwithstanding I had frequently left the dinner table prematurely with that view, and several times excused myself from excursions which had been planned for my especial amusement. At length the favourite moment seemed to be at hand. A charity sermon was to be preached by the bishop, for the benefit of a Sunday school, and as Mr. Morton was churchwarden, and destined to hold one of the plates, it became imperative on his family to be present on the occasion. I, of course, proffered my services, and it was arranged that we should set off early next morning, to secure good seats in the centre aisle. I could hardly close my eyes that night for thinking how I should *' pop the question .," and when I did get a short slumber was walked on a sudden by some one starting from behind a hedge just at I was, ap one fre rely ised disclosing the soft secret. Sometimes when I had fancied myself sitting by the lovely Mary in a bower of jasmine and roses, and had just concluded a beautiful rhapsody about loves and doves, myrtles and turtles, I raised my blushing head, and found myself tete a tete with her papa. At another moment, she would slip a beautiful pink, hot-pressed billet doux into my hand, which when unfolded it, would turn out to be a challenge from some favoured lover, desiring the satisfaction of meeting me at half-past six in the morning, and so forth, and concluded, as usual, with an indirect! vision to a horsewhip. Morning dreams they say always come true. It's a gross falsehood mine never come true. But I had a pleasant vision that morning, and re- collecting the gossips tale, I fondly believed it would be verified. Methought I had ventured to " pop the question to my Dulci- nea, and was accepted. I jumped out of bed in a tremour. "Yes," I cried. "I will pop the question : ere this night cap again envelope this unhappy head the trial shall be made!" and I shaved, and brushed the hair over the bald place on my crown, and tied my cravat with unprecedented care and made my appearance in the breakfast parlour just as the servant maid had begun to dust the tables and chairs. * * Breakfast time at length arrived. But I shall pass over the blunders I committed during its progress ; how I salted Mary Rose's muffin instead of my own, poured the cream into the sugar basin, and took a bite at the teapot lid. " Pop the question," haunted me continually, and I feared to speak, even on the most ordinary topics, lest I should in some way betray myself. Pop-pop- pop! every thing seemed to go off with a pop; and when at length Mr. Merton hinted to Mary and her mother that it was time for them to pop on their bonnets I thought he laid a particular stress on the horrible monosyllable, and almost expected him to accuse me of some sinister design upon his daughter. It passed off, however, and we set out for the church. Mary Rose leaned upon my arm, and complained how full I was. I, of course, protested against it, and tried to rally ; vivacity, indeed, was one of my characteristics, and I was just beginning to make myself extremely agreeable, when a little urchin, in the thick gloom of a dark entry, let off a popgun close to my ear. The sound, simple as it may seem, made me start as if a ghost had stood before me, and when. Mary observed that I was " very nervous this morning." I felt as if I could have throttled the lad and inwardly cursed the inventor of popguns, and doomed him to the lowest pit of Ache. I strove against my fate, however, and made several observations. " Look," cried Mary Rose, as we gained the end of the street, " what a beautiful child !" I turned my head to the window, when the first object that met my eyes was a square blue paper, edged with yellow, on which was written on too, too legible characters, " Pop." I believe I was surprised into an exclamation stronger than the occasion would seem to warrant, and the poor child came in for a share of my and theme. I didn't intended it, however, for I am very fond of children; but it served Mary Rose to scold me about till we came to the church door and if possible, bewildered me more than ever. We had now arrived in the middle aisle, when my fair companion whispered me-" My dear Mr. e, won't you take off your hat ?" This was only a prelude to still greater blunders. I posted myself at the head of the seat, sung part of the hundredth psalm, whilst the organist was placing the symphony, sat down when-I should have stood up, knelt when I ought to have been standing, and just at the end of the creed, found myself pointed due west, the gaze and wonder of the whole congregation. The sermon at length commenced and the quietness that ensued, broken only by perambulations of the beadle and sub-school- master, and the collision ever and anon of their official wands with the heads of refractory students, guilty of the enormous crime of gaping or twirling their thumbs, gave me an opportunity of collecting my scattered thoughts. Just as the rest of the centre gation were going to sleep, I began to awake from my mental lethargy and by the time the worthy prelate had discussed three or four heads of his text, felt myself competent to make a speech in parliament. Just at this moment, too, a thought struck me, as beautiful as it was sudden-a plan by which I might make the desirable tender of my person, and display an abundant share of wit into the bargain. To this end I seized Mary Rose's prayer book, and turning over the pages till I came to matrimony, marked the passage, " With thou have this man to he thy wedded husband ?" with two emphatic dashes and pointing in significantly and confidently to myself, handed it to her with a bow. She took it she read it she smiled ! ! ! Was it a smile of assent how my heart beat in my bosom at that instant-so loud, that I feared the people around us might hear its palpitations and looked at them to see if they noticed me. She turned over a few leaves-she took my pencil, which I had purposely enclosed in the book-and she marked a passage. O ye gods and demi ! what were my sensations at that moment is not Jove himself, when he went Swan hopping to the lovely Leda-nor Pluto, when he perpetrated the abduction of a beautiful Proserpine, could have experienced a greater turmoil of passions than I at that moment. I felt the score-felt it as if it had been made across my very heart and I grasped the book-and I squeezed the hand that presented it; and, opening the page trembling, and holding the volume close to my eyes, (for the type was small, and my sight not quite so good as it used to be,) I read Mary Rose ! O Mary Rose !' that I should live to relate it !-" A woman may not marry her grandfather." Metro- politan Magazine. i N' til ne from plays Rev Clot land viz. El pour perth under paid ( I 1 II 1 1 í Cc vern serve found them The same v Frank ba reform into at C once the of N T Less Cost Fow Gas Lov Park Red Bac Miss Mai Mai S mi Cla For 10 Mr We Sat Ad Bel Di Joe Mc He Joi El, Ki 