HIGHWAYS AND BYWAYS; OB, TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MR. JONATHAN W ILD, THE YOUNCER. ( From the Monthly Magazine.) I t lias long been a fvvmnite hypoth sls of mine., that a great man— is bound, before deatb, to give lira memoirs to the world, as soma corapentagon fur (hat peculiar ingenuity by which, through life, be lias entitled himself to ils respectful abhorrence. Acting upon lids principle—tbe most diainterc led that can influence an unprejodioed mind—1 hasten to present the public with an autobiographical sketob, whose chief merits—to tay nothing of its other ethical capabilities—are its strict t . u t \ sound mural, and unflinching integrity of purpose. With this Lint, I commence tnv narrative. I was born in the year ]810, in a cow shed, during a shower, near the little Irish village of Bally-shannon. M y fattier was an itenerant vender of books - my mother a washer-woman, and grand-daughter of the never-to-be-forgotten J o n a h jn Wild, whose nearest relations, after the sad catastrophe that befel that great but eccentric genius, (be had the misfortune to be hinged,) resolved to fly en ungrateful country, and oirilizi tlie more congenial provinces’ of Ireland. Wiih tiiis view they catno over, to the number of fire, to Ballysbannon, from which place one, by means any thing but miraculous, was vpeedily iransfernd to Botany Bay ; another died of a broken heart, iu the county j a il; a tliitd fell a Irictim to a severe cold, caught, while gazing atone of the prettiest prospects in all Ireland, from a damp pillory ; a fourth got bis bend accurately divided in'o (wo distinct departments, by his dearpat atid hert friend', at a wedding; while I he fifth, a,lady of infinite whim atid vivacity, espoused my fuller, tlie respected merchant above mentioned. Of this last individual, I must here pause, nnd say a few words. Ho was a wild, rambling character, full of fun, frolic, and whisky; endowed with ptinciplcs that sat gracefully and cssily upon him, like an old c o a t; and of S3 restless a temperament, tliat’lie was never known to remain mure tbsn three days in the acme place. From this father 1 inherit all that is sound in my moral, and talented in my intellectual character. He It was wlto fir,t indoced me to read, imbued me with a love o f rnlerprisu and petty larceny, taught me to “ c ist off the thakles thrown armnd the mind,” (so the venerable old gentleman used to express himself>" by piiestcraft nnd despotism," to consider man and woman as ilio lawful vicifttts-of mv superior aldreiB, and to peruse attentively, and with n view to t’ fir practical application, the independent Billies of Tom Paine. I should mention, perhaps, that this Jiiglily- eceompiisbed parent was one of that numerous hoide of Irishmen, ■who, dnring the Rebellion of '93, distinguished lb msolves by their impartial robbeiies of Orangemen and Pap’st. In conrrtjnonce of his exertions on this occasion, strengthened, no doubt, by tba fact of a Froleslant officer's purir being torrn.l in Ins nairooat pocket, my father, ("gellier with twelve oihris o f the same stamp, svns discovered, early one fine Novcmb-r illuming. swinging from iltc lamp-peat a t IVexfnrd ; a mishap which my mother took so grievously to heart, that sho was seen, a few days afterwards, stretched lifeless on her husband's grave. Whisky and strong affection bad been too muck for her ; she »at trltvays delicate nnd sensitive. By this Calamity I was left with nothing blit nn nceumnt',dating conscience, and ten reutatk. able agile lingers, to rely onforaopport. Luckily, tls.-re dwelt in Wexford, a oertcin rosy linen draper, good-natured, but prosing, like bis own ledge'; who, seeing what he was pleased to call my haz.nlous condition, took me into his service, where l had the huppiuessof cleaning bnote, running errands, waiting at dinner, and committing much extra mischief on my own p rircts account. B ut this servitude was of short duration ; fir my employer, fancying list he discovci'id in me evidences of (superior genius, dispatched me to a grammar-school in the neighbourhood, where 1 soon distinguished myself by a seal fur learning perfectly tiiiiaculous. insomuch as I Imd got my grandfallier'a memoirs and the Forty Thieves by heart, and 1 often wept over the sufferings of the heroes nnd heVuines of the NtvVgalc Caletidar—a captivating tnircellany, ’which made a deep impression on niy youthful mind. After remaining two years nt school, during wit'cli’.iinc I b id frquent opportunities of ^obevrviog rhe sttpet i„rity of our own divine religion, t'l the idolatrous doctrines of pnpory, I was expelled, in company with n lad named OYonnell, for nltscbiiig two squibs to my master’s Sunday coat. This was the alleged lenson f»v My expulsion; but the teal one * m «ij :efusa'I to become » proselyte to Catholicism. The head utliet— a fat matt With B etiotlueck, cud the tfiichcet part of whose face was downwards, like a bee hive—was nlwnvk urging nte on this point y nod I should probably have become a ennvert to his opinions,, and then hv— 1 shudder while I think |of il !-—have forfeited my hopes of eternal happiness, bad 1 not caught him one night on his knera before a saint, who though, like Cecilia, of ilte feminine gender, had mnro of the Magdalen titan the Vestal in her character, end who honoured toy iccoguiiiun of her by a blow, whir fa m aned my beauty for a month, and niy two front icerli for ever. I hi. oliaslciting—which, I make no rldnbl, wks intended for the best puipaaes—plovcd my salvation. In n painjsy ,m of rage, 1 flew to. the mo-ter for pioleoti, n, but, receiving nosaiiifaclory reply, ttside.d at onoc on quit ing ilia academy. Wi h lies v iew , I prucceded to pick up my wsidrohe in a red cottuii puckul band kerdiicf, took at) afii ctionate have of my companions, and, oficr duly alistret'iing the head m brr’s pocket bunk ami snuff-box, as a phasing hlcnienio of ill; sehnol-hi-.y days, set nut ivir'lr tl’Cotillellj fur my patron's bouse at Wrxlutd. To this beneficent old gentleman 1 gave the teal version of my c-ar ; but, nevertheless, anticipating that it might he misounstiued, I resolved to make the most ,.filial ij'tlc lime 1 had yet tefi, so acquainted myself forthwith, with the euntenis of hit till; uiUr which 1 wrote him a kind hilt spirited r,Ole, wherein I assured him tli.u tuy mii.d snared far shove tlie idea of depend.-tice; and that, itt futnre, 1 should look upon myself as tnv own .m ister. I t is with regret l state (bat this nnlifieutinn was unavailing. Towards the evening of the day uli which 1 bad wri tel it, ss OTonnell add lltyeelf were .pursuit g „ur road to Dublin, wd were overtaken by a lliei ill’s offioer, who, arresting me at the linendraper’s suit, compelled rue—’notwithstanding I sold him 1 was In a hurry, and could hot be detained— !o accompany him hack to Wexford. I t will hardly be believed, that, for this harmless Irolio, I was lied to a cait toil, flogged through tlie mRrkel place, rubbed down wiih vinegar,' and then set in the stocks to dry. Srandaluus perversion of justice 1 ■Is not genius, whatever ahape or clmracier it may assume, .till one and the «nn c divine, inestimable faculty ? Is mil— \------------- B ut enough: I resume the indigj nottl liisiorv of my wiungs. On quitting Wexford, which I did the moment I hail adjust d my inexpressibles, I started off for Dublin, where I again came in contact with O Conne.l. My independence at ibis petiud, was unquestionable. I bad neither money, friend.- nor prospects to encumber me ; so was compelled, tit self defence, to commence business as a pocket operative. It was at the Crow-street theatre, that I m ads my first appearnnoe as a performer in tb s' litre. Tue boase, l remember,- Was crowded ; anil, a t good look would have it, I chanced to find myself standing tin t a wheezing old gentleman, in a pepper and salt spencer,' to whom J imparted n)y auspicious of there beiog thieves ill the hou.e, and hastened to prove the' leal by d,ram ping vith bis watch and sia's. This promising-pe. cimeo of ingenuity raised me so highly in the opinion ol O ’Connell—bimself a genius of no slight consideration—that xve agreed fur lire future to divide our piofits. B ut tlnrc is a restlessness ill huma-i nature that knows not wbrre to Slop. Scarcely Hid I attained Celebrity ty the felonious cz'pab.lilies of my lingers, when tnv mind, botn for higher objects, began 10 languish for pre eminence in burglary. On sounding O'Conut'll on the subject, lie readily agretd lo join me in on affair which had for some days engaged my undivided attention. Our plan wav soon arranged : we agreed to meet at 10 o’clock on a particular night at tile Duck and Coach-Horse, and thence to eet f.-rvvnid towards fintlaild-atreet, where i had previously ascertained that a rich merchant resided. who, having been {lately married, bad just purchased n Irxnd ornc service of p ’ate, which 1 myself had *• en carried homo tl.ai mim ing from the tilve.stnith's. I ,elected this gentleman's bouse for my deliut, because, I rightly eoncoired that, from the circumst rnco of his honcy-niton being still young, be would have quite enough business; on his hands, without troubling himself tu lo k after a few cent pirm ively tininip -riant ar.ielea of plate. Punctual to the liniment, we proceeded to effect a lodgment in Ilia kitchen; b it, ori'uckily, u hib.- wo weie arcarding tovrartls the drawing toon:, a Stout tcullery.gir], who, nnpcrceivcd. had witnessed our operations, assaulted u« boilivvilb fur fists in so cowardly and unprovoked a man tier, that wo were compell-d to make a precipitate retreat. I should not omit to add, that, during the bustle of escape, O’Connell contrived' lo pick my pocket—a species o f dishonourable treachery ot which I should never have ana. pected him, had I not made an application to Ilia for a similar purpose. I t w asat,ibis period of my life that I paid lily first viait to London, where I became ao quaiiued with the celebrated hot ill-atnrred Bavrington. VI e shook hand.—stiange enonglt —in lire coat-pockets of an extensive alderman, vflto had atnoli hitnaelf at the back of one of the dresr-boxes in Govern Garden, and agaiuct whom our professional dexterity was ot one and tire same time employed. I t has Iraen said, that Rdmiration, like love, originate, at first sight. Such was niy case with this great m ail ; so much so, that, wlun I learned Iris-name, 1 thought I should never have overcome my vene> rn iori. Bill, notwithstanding his unquestionable abilities, Farrington, 1 think was overrated. The artist, in hit own line of business seemed to consider lira as the Shakespeare, whereas lie was only the ’ ope, of petty larceny. Ceries, his mode of operation was quick—in tellig en t- decisive; but it wsb innuotoanus, and waived versatility. You might know him any where by his Style. If 19 fiiciid, Major Semple, on tlie contrary, though undervalued by his contemporaries, possessed far superior talents. He never operated twice in the same manlier; yet such was his invariable adroitness. Hint he could, I am persuaded, have picked the pouketf rt f even tlio ghost fu Hamlet. H it address, too, Was mild end gcutlemanlke, and lie had the finest conception of a burglary of any inatt 1 'ever mat with. To return from a digression into which T have been begb led by my enthusiasm fur departed genius : 1 hlul now been some ycurs well acquainted with a London life'; was respected at the east, ami not undervalued at the West end ; and, with the exception of P ------, the puliceniticer, was looked oil es the most promising artist about town. But tiieie arc limits to human greatness: Napolion was vanquished by destiny, and I was pcttcbid by O'Coniiell. In consequence of this dastard’a* information, I was taken up, convicted, arid transferred to Vail Diemen s Lind, where, it) the charming Vicinity of llobm l Town, l fell for the first time in loVe. Iliisslul state o f die human In hit, when life is fre-h, time uncounted, and car lb a patadi.e ! Tne olrjrot of niy attachment war a pr-lty simple gitl, aged sixteen, Lilly daughter o f h Scotch emigrant’, under whose superintendence 1 <va. kept to hard labour—a grievauce which bo affected her, that in the iu td v ils u f relaxation, she would come nnd sit lit side nte, amusing me with her ■prightlv prattle, and feeding toe in serret with the clinic, st dainties from liei1 father’s mlile, Such conduct could nut hut prove highly 11 tiering to an ex ile; ami, nccord-nglv, iu toy excisi of gratitude, when frbm fear that thy t»lrtUs,slmuld rust for want uf practice, l de voted a certain portion of my day to the conscientious ilt- clurgc of tnv vecation,’! invariably spared her own and her father's poikcts. 1 cannot say much for the society of Hubatt Town. It o insists for the most part of pickpocket., n cla-a of tueii. to whose ungertt’emaulikc practices it is owing that traiispotla: t'oriha. hecu biuug' t into sbeh disrepute. I was onoa in this line myself, but took tlio earliest opportunity of quitting it; for, nmuug the member s of our Irntct'riily, the burglar has always been I oked on ns of superiot rank lo (he mere pocket operali. c. In fact, the one is not permitted to oBSociatc with the other I have hint-d that the inhabitants of H ob.rtTow n arc low-lived : but all are Zealous, and, I doubt nut conscientious advocates of Emancipation, For one or two of the must eminent among those Liberators I bod brought letters of introduction frmn England, bill ns I ljave always been particular in niy company, l ecurned to avail tm e.lfo f lli- ni, preferring instead the society of thy first nod only love. This intimacy con. tinned H pnardsof a year, atth e end of {which time, lio ia —such was ruy fair one’s name— presented me with a thumping hoy. Tiiis a d ­ ditional relationship sadly discomposed her father, and quarrels nit the subject daily lonk place between them, till a t last the distracted girl imreated me to taka, her altogether from home. At first I fell inclined to cc'rrtplyi hut when I reflected on the clog that would bo thereby thrown upon my genius, 1 resolved on declining the propose'; } almost regret to elate the paiticalars o f niv separation from R ons, Having decided ®n its nocessity, I read her one evening a homily nn jlic subject o f filial du­ ties ; 1 told her that the claims of a father wetc far superior M those of s lover ; and that if 1 deprived eitLer herself or her boy of such protection, my conecicnce would never be at rest. Vain were my rorannstraoers ; tile poor gitl clung to me with wild emotion,' and, a la.t resource, placed Iter child in' my arms. For awhile 1 wa» wholly overcome by aticlt nn appeal, till Trcollectiug the necessity of decision, l abruptly put an end lo tite interview, and e s ­ caping at once from llie chains of love and labour, rushed fw away into the wouds. Hete I remained concealed for three weeks and upwards, sul-sis'itig wholly upon wild f.uit, and sleeping hi night in the open air, till finding that pursuit had slackened, I ventured mica again towards the coast, directing ni v s>eps as if by insiinot .luwards the collage of Rosa's fa" liter. A s'I approached the waJI-knovfn spot, the loll of e d , nth-bell came borne trw.rril ine, and presently appeared a funeral procession winding r s way towards the church yard. Mv mind misgave me at this tig h t: nevertheless, I c -ntimU'il to e'drnncc, ttllVn—oh, heavens !— I beheld a coiiin lowered into the grate, with these words inscribed on the lid',' “ Rosa M'Neifl, Obit. t S l —, Altai- IT .1 So dreadful a spectacle deprived me o f all my usual caution; 1 rushed towards the groupe, gox-d wildly n n the descending -coffin, and their, ere yet the bystanders had lime fnr recognition, made the best of my way towards a schontit-r that happened t , be lyng at anchor in the hitrbou-, ill which I had an aeqtniipnuC ; and which in a lew days bote me far away fiom Horn, towards niy n »n beloved England.— England, the land of freed in! England, the nurse o f morality !—who shall say with wlint feelings a much calumniated exile approached thy cliffgist cossts ! -So acute were my sensibilities on this head ilia' for the sake - of concealing niy weakness, 1 wss actually compelled In hide myself during the day-time in the bold, and during llie night in my liamin-.ck. My sense of the dignity ofmsnltood was always very acute, and publicity 1 have ever detrsled. {To be concluded, in our next.) 