Extracts from the Tragedy of Donohoe, (WRITTEN BY AN AUSTRALIAN.) (Continued from our last number.) ACT V. SCENE I—A Garden. Enter LUCY and MARY'S MOTHER. Lucy. She must be in the garden—for but now I saw her from the window, culling flowers, With which she decorates the drooping boughs Of WILLIAM'S favorite tree ; singing at intervals Her wild and mournful staves. Mother. Ah, my poor MARY ; Do you think her reason never will return ? Lucy. Alas! I fear not—the stroke was too heavy ; And as the falcon with wild wing descends, Upon the roostage of the in'cent doves, It fell upon her brain, And sear'd her wits away. But see, she comes. Enter MARY, her dress disorder'd—hair dishevel'd, &c.; Mother. I never thought to ha' seen a day like this. Mary. Nor I, nor I, nor I.—to go down to the pit so soon—they shouldn't ha' killed one so young —the grey head becomes a pillow of clay—but WILLIAM's raven locks—they were too fresh for the cold grave—the damp dust—Heaven is full of angels —he is among them—see, see then flitting about the white clouds—how they glitter—oh my head— the poor fool is trying to split. Oh ! Oh ! Mother. Alas my little MARY, do not weep so ; Forbear this time, and I will never more Check thee for weeping.—LUCY bear me witness. Lucy. Oh my heart ! Mary. Ah ! ah ! ah ! if you say peace to the thunder, will it be silent ? If you say stay to the wind, will it stop ?—and my love is wild us the thunder—as strong as the wind. [she sings. And never will it cease to be, 'Till I am cold and dead ; 'Till the flower hath wither'd on my bier— And I am laid by WILLIAM'S side. Must weep, must weep, or my brain 'ill catch fire— tears 'ill put out fire—Oh ! I'll outweep the moon o' the spring night. Ha ! list—[listens]—did you hear what that little bird said—'t has been picking worms out of a new made grave—the poor fool doesn't think they're poison. Hah ! list, list,—it sang thus— [sings. There is no rest for broken hearts, No hope for blighted love. Mother. How shall I bear this ? Lucy. This madness sure is catching— I feel quite bewilder'd. Mary. Madness ? Ha ! ha ! O that I'd wings to join yon flight of spirits—they're knitting a man- tle of sunbeams—I know it's for WILLIAM. [sings. I saw him laid upon his bier, And handsome still was he ; I told him I would go with him, But he hearken'd not to me. Mother. To see the pretty rose o' my winter thus Wither before me—O, 'tis too much. Lucy. Curs'd be the hand that sear'd it. Mary. O now I remember—I came here to die— [sings. To die ! to die ! to die ! Down with the worms i' the grave to lie. You shall see me no more among the daughters— I'll die under this shade, because WILLIAM lov'd it— do you remember the feast we had under it the day I promis'd to be his bride—how gay he was that day—he sang sweeter than the woods o' the spring —he danced lighter than the moonbeams upon the waters—but he's gone now—he's cloth'd with the white clouds now—the little white clouds. I have it—[muses.]—I have it. I'll away to the high moun- tains where they rest ; I'll sneak so softly—hush— I'll catch one and knot it round me, and it shall fly away with me to WILLIAM—I'll make him steal wings for mother, and she shall come too—but LUCY shall stay behind—her heart is not broken yet. [sings. O those that have a lightsome heart, And a living love that's kind ; Will n'er leave with their own consent, The gaudy world behind. Lucy. A lightsome heart—if mine's light now, A heart a thousand times as light as mine Might well be pitied. What strikes her now ? [MARY takes a flower from her bosom—inspects it attentively and smiles. Mother. She looks more calm—see, see, she smiles ; O I'm so glad—'tis such a placid one, Let's humour her present mood. What have you MARY ? Mary. A little foolish rose, that let the wind shake it down. [sings. That was fine this morning early, Lovely, blooming, fresh, and gay. But 'tis wither'd now. There are three passing sweet things. Mother. What be they Mary ? Mary. A young rose, a young maid, and a young man ; but they last not :—the wind shakes down the young rose, the assassin stabs the young man, and sorrow blights the poor maid. [sings. All that the sunbeam promis'd them, In the hurricane is forgot ; And they go with the dream o' the morning, And the evening knows them not. This little rose look'd at itself in the dew drop this morning, and said "I'm fair". I'm a going to let it look in my glass now, and you'll see it 'ill not know itself again ; and no wonder, for how it's changed— and every one is loath to believe an hour can work such a change as it can. I'll go let it have a peep. [Exit MARY. Mother. O Lucy, I'm so glad. Is'nt she calm ? She will come round—I'm sure on't now—an't you? I'll follow her, an' keep her in this mood. [Exit. Lucy. How strangely wit and madness war to- gether In all she says. 'Tis reason purblind—or Madness that looketh thro' the eye of reason. Oh what a sickly and unearthly feeling Must sting the senses, when the mind is thus Swung up and rock'd about the dreamy bounds Of fancy's empire ; and the which no longer Being by reason settled, keep outstretching 'Till wasted as it were in boundlessness, Leave but the haggard mem'ry of the masses Of broken figures, that they would enclose ; And which the maniac's tongue strikes into speech Pathetically absurd. I'll follow her. [Exit. SCENE III—Before the cave. Enter DONOHOE and his followers. Don. By the arch fiend of hell I'd not retreat, Were there a thousand of them—no not I. I'm sick of running from the shabby dogs ; Yea, sick of everything—sore sick of filling A seat i' the world ; for 'tis a bitter truth— That any promise it might hold to me Of rest, to be earned by a now tim'd flight, Would prove the shadow of a very dream ; Therefore I'm sick, sick, sick. I long to find The utmost stretch of life—to know the worst Of threaten'd after claps. Web. Tush, you shall live to get well— An' live long after that. Don. No, no, no, no— I would not. The singing breezes are not sweet to me ; Nor the sun bright, or the flower beautiful. The powers of participation in my soul Lie blasted, as a grove of saplings doth, Where the foot o' the storm hath lighted. Then Away with life. Yes, I will make a push For all I value—rest. O hear me—I Have seen each hope of better things, each tie Of home and friendship ceded to the empire Of utter desolation. I've suffer'd hunger, Imprisonment in all its dungeon filth, I've pined in sickly nakedness beneath The extremest rage of winter's fretful sky, I've toil'd with an uncover'd head and madden'd In summer's fiercest blaze—Yea, howl'd among The ghosts of murder'd men—and yet a pang Cull'd from each various woe which I have nam'd, And altogether wove into one scourge And laid upon me, methinks the stroke Were naught in bitterness to one short pulse Of the dark agony that wrings me now. My spirits awful longing to be nothing Combating with the terrors instinct catches From the stern visage of eternity. Web. Yon fellows draw close. Shall we attack 'em, or— Don. No more, no more. Stir up your spirits for a desperate fray ; For by my life—nay, I dont value that— Then by my soul—nor will I swear by that : For 'tis an oath that never yet did bind me— Thus hear me swear—"By the unanswer'd blood Of those whom I have murdered, yonder men Shall fly before a living DONOHOE, Or trample o'er a dead one." Web. We'll let's make ready. Wal. Aye, let's toward em. Don. Well, hear my last request. If I should fall, (as I've no wish to stand) If that ye drive them off, bear hence my body, And give't a lonely and an unmark'd grave, By some rock o' the wilderness. 1st Rob. After all said— I think we'd best retreat while that we may ; We nothing gain by fighting with these fellows. Don. Retreat !—white-headed coward ! Thou art a thing proscribed—unlov'd of any, That dare breath the unmonopoliz'd air With the owl o' the cave, or wild dog of the wood, Without so firm a portion in the world As either—and fear'st thou death ? Down, grovelling hog, down. [striking him. Now all that are not dastards follow me ; May him who shrinks inherit from this day, The hellish pangs that goad me to the fray. [Exeunt. To be concluded in our next. 