ENGLISH EXTRACTS. t WELLINGTON'S DREAM. l To tAhe Editor of'the Mornmng Chronile. C SIR-An aristocratical mouse. of great inluence in the political circles in which I he moves, purposes from time to time, if t agreeable, to contribute something in the c way of information, touching the present II IMinistry, which all your emissaries, Fe porters, or correspondents, put together, could never furnish you with. I dwell, sir, well fed, and clothed in na - tures's livery, perfectly at my ease, in 4 Apaley-bouse, the town residence of the f immortal hero of Waterloo; and, conse- I quently, there is not a mouse in this vast c metropolis that has a better opportunity of c prying into the secrets of the State than your humble servant. Fearless of danger 4 (for the cats of the Aristocracy are too lazy , and well fed, to think of hunting after mice), whenever-the Duke of Well-g-t-n is t visited by the Premier, Sir Robert, or any t other members of the Cabinet, I instantly e -creep forth from my hole behind the wain- C scot, and listen with the greatest attention " to their conversation. The result, sir, is g what I purpose, as occasion •serves, to'for ward to you for insertion in your highly c popular and liberal journals. --I- shall date a mny despatches from Apsley- house, which 'cannot fail to give my information all over Europe, the highest political importance. Sometimes I may, instead ofa Ministerial discussion, have to communicate to you -one of the Duke's soliloquies ; and I assure b you, though Shakespeare's is by far the ( better language, still those of Hamlet, n Richard or Macbeth, are scarcely more ap- r palling. Without farther introduction, I c will therefore proceed to the point at once, 1 and give you, as my commencing article, e -.one of the most important and interesting F ever submitted to public attention, which f 'is neither more nor less than- t WELLINGTON'S D'REAM. Apsley-house, Jan. 10, 1835.1 C " Your Grace seems unusually agi?sted this t morning," observed the present Premier, Sir a tobert Peel, on a late visit to the Duke of a Wellington. "I am indeed, Sir Roberi. A 1 fearful dream has filled my soul with greater t terror than all the batteries I ever faced." ' Really ! and they were not many," rejoined the wily Premier aside-" Your Gjaee alarms I .use, especially as, at the present 1very crihical l state of our affairs, owing to the-unfortunate and unexpected result of the metropolitan and ,nany of the provincial elections, every un-l toward event may be regarded us an on.en of r S our speedy downfal ; but if it be not soliciting too great a favour, perhaps your Grace would -have the goodness -to relate to nmt;-the dream which-has so terribly alarmed you." " With c pain, I will, Sir Robert ;-for. it were impos- r sible so to-do with pleasure, even to obl ge my dearest friend," replied the illustrious hero of Waterloo, his blanched lips quivering as lie spoke; " bat the dream, Sir Robert ; yes, you p shall have the dream Alethought (C:omenced h the Duke) my earthly career as so ltierand as I statesman being run, I was gathered to my a fathers, passed the Styx, paid Charon his fare, j and landed on the blissful shores of Elysium. r orf poor, ragged, Irish peasants, perforated by is musket balls, they hasing recently been killed v in an affray with the military. During the li . passage across the Styx-, Tkkpt- myself a-dsl- ? tant from those ragged ghosts as possible, 1 :having a natural antipathy to all low and ple- f bian intercourse; but judge of my astonish- c anent oin liaridinig in Elysium, to behold those very deespicable shades meet with the most aut?ering reception, uahile I was all but totally neglected.- The hosts of-patriots that-rushed °from the remotest bowers of Elysium, to greet the coaming of such a. ragged rabble actually astonished me. There ivere amongst the fore- C nmost of the throng, Lord Russell, llampden, t astnsgt on, and hosciusko; te latter, it pal ticular, was vebement in eis applause. Wel lcome' exclaimed the gallant Pole, ' thrice wel come to immortal rest and glory, ye poor, despised, yet noble patriote;'-who- dared your. very._ lives tosaveyour country_ from oppression's galling chains.'- The while the scene of triumph passed - before t my eyes, I, the hero of a hundred victories, the knight of countless orders, generalissimo of the bravest army in Europe, and chlancelleUr of the most learned university, stoold.y myself, un noticed and unknown. ' Who is this protean being?' demanded Washington of.his fellow sLhades--' this strange trio-in-uno nondescrlp: -one third soldier, one third pelitical ittriguer, * and oq thlirdl chancellor ' ' Why, D)onner wetter I' exclaimed old Marthal Bluchler, S- ttwri ieg-his-moustahes, ttha-bt-is,-or-rather seas Wellington,-- only that he has totally spoiled himself by dabl:ling in politics.' B. agaorlle I ' cried Napoleon, .' that Welling too, with a clhancellor's gown over his fielt soarshal's uniformtsnd a mtinister's portfolio under his arm I Yet, increoitable as it may -.appear, now--I-look -again, 'd tie-indeed SQuelle metamorpose I ' ' Come, brother shade lI' said marshal Ncy, ' the ambrosia and the-nectar goblet waits, so let us to the ban. quet, and leave the chlancellor-general to Isis meditations. Adieu, Wellingtono-my name i Ney. Remember the capitulation of Paris I' Thus saying, methought all the shades turned' their backs upon me with a sneer, and left me " 4o mny_-own reflections. These, I assure you, \--many dear Sir Robert Peel, were by no meane, Ihe 'most agreeable~-particularly the reminiis cence of my conduct towards the gallant Ney. 'In thlis moodl, strolling along the flowery paths of Elysium, one shade only beckoned me to comae and rest myself awlhile in hIis peaceful bower. "It was, methought, hIis late blajesty George thie Fourth. " Come hither, Welling ton.' said he :' how long have you heen here i and how go on matters in England ?' But without waiting for -my reply, his iMajesty mootioned me to sit down inttse corner, andt went to inspect the progress the workmen were making in the erection of a neiv nonde script' kind of palace, with little sugar loal turrets, and Chinese cupolas, arind twhlichl at this moment engrosses so much- of his attention that be has not a thought to thlrow away on so trivial a subrject as tilhe pol tie I state of the sub lunar.y world. Here, mnethoughst, I remained by far the most wretched ghost in iall Elysium -tilk, old ~lasrslal Bluchler came from the Sbanquet table in search of me. 'Come, my S old colleague,' eexclaimed he, grasping my hand, though you have made a donnerwetter \- -oMl-fool-of-youself,?3 stillI respect you, nlnd lvrite you to. the celestial .biiquet-v-wliere I p meelfy--?ou-shall noi-be laughed-at.' 'Laughed:'atr rejioned 1, with amazement atd chagrin ; and am I then become an object of ildidule ' ' What else? ' exclaimned old Blocher, a' and all thronghl your own folly. its dabling- in tnatters ivlhich you are ignorant of. But for heaven's sake dcff that old Chan oadler's wig an I gown, and throw that Minis ior's portfolio-into the Styx, or to adead cer tainty you will set the whole fable info a roar.' So saying, methought old Blucher diverted me of all but my military appointments, and, arm in arm, we proceeded towards the scene of celestial conviviality. ' Gentlemen,' said the sturdy veteran, 'I have the honour to present to you Wellington, not the Chancellor, or Dabbler in polities, but the soldier I at which the whole company, methought, arose and re ceived me among them : and even Ney gave me his hand, while Washington observing, 'TIhough J dislike his opinions, I respect talent wherever I meet with it,' cordially invited me to quatf with him a cup of nectar-the toast was this, ' May the soldier, who wtields his sword in any other tharn the sacred cause of freedom, be doomed to wear a Chancellor's gown, and a fool's cap, and become the laughing stock of the world ! ' The mortification I felt at being obliged to honour sunch a toast, awoke me inca cold perspiration; antd even yet, my dear Sir Robert Peel, I have not recovered the appalling shock." ' Nonsense I your Grace,' replied Sir Robert, ' dismiss these idle fancies, and come wilth me. The elections, especially the metro politan, are taking so unfavourable a turn, that there is to be a Cabinet Council held on the subject imutedlitely. Thie carriage was called, and tlie illustrious Conservatives pro ceeded instanter to Downing- street-wlile I with unparallelled boldness, ventured to creep into the pocket of the Duke of Wellington's great coat, in order that I might he present at the ministerial conference, and be enabled to communicate to you the important result; which, if you approve, I shall instantly impart; Believe me, M r. Editor, yours with all possible respec', A POLITICAL MOUSE IN A CORNER. 