Domestic Intelligence. A most extraordinary discovery has taken place at Port Philip-some of Mr. Bateman's men where, one fine morning, much frightened at the approach of a white man, of immense size, covered with an enormous opossum-skin rug, and his hair and beard spread out as large as a bushel measure - he advanced with a number of spears in one hand, and a waddy in the other. The first impression of Mr. Bate- man's men was, that this giant would put one of them under each arm, and walk away with them. The man, shewing signs of peace, their fear subsided, and they spoke to him. At first, he could not understand one word that was said, and it took a few days before he could make them understand who he was and what he had been - his story is very re- markable. This man's name is William Buckley, he was formerly a private in the 4th, or King's Own, he was transported to New South Wales, and accompanied Governor Collins in the year 1804, to the settlement of Port Philip. Whilst the new Colony was being established, Buckley with three others absconded, and when the settlement was abandoned, they were left there, supposed to have died in the bush. It might be imagined that there is some hoax about the affair, and we should not have credited the story, had not two of the leading members of the new company, gone to one of the old settlers, who was also one of those, forming the ex- pedition of Governor Collins. After asking a few particulars respecting the country, the question was put, whether any of the party remained after the settlement was broken up, when the party applied to, immediately said, that four men were left - one of whom he particularly recollected, because he was much taller than Lieut. Gunn, and his name was Wm. Buckley, he added they were never heard of afterwards. It appears Buckley has never seen a white man for upwards of thirty years. He had been living on friendly terms with the natives, and has been considered as a chief. He says he does not know what became of the other three runaways. Curiosity induced Mr. Bateman's party to measure this goliah, his height is six feet five inches and seven-eights; he measures, round the chest, three feet nine inches ; the calf of his legs, and the thick parts of his arms, are eighteen inches in cir- cumference. By all accounts he is a model for a "Hercules" - he is more active than any of the blacks, and can throw a spear to an as- tonishing distance. He refused to leave the natives. This man may be made most useful to the new settlement ; and, we trust, every precaution will be taken to conciliate the blacks, and bring them by degrees to industrious ha- bits, through the medium of this man. We find, by some strange and unaccountable means, (whether by the interest of a certain district constable with his patrons, we know not) that a convict, who arrived here some years since, a native of Lancashire, convicted of having committed, or being concerned in a most extensive robbery - and whose, whose wife followed him with all the plunder, to an enormous amount, is now acting as a sort of sub-overseer, or constable, under this same District, in the Town Surveyor's gang. We know, from the best authority, this prisoner was sent here, under special orders from Home, to be kept under strict discipline. His wife has been repeatedly refused his assign- ment. He has been kept hitherto on the roads, by orders from the Head of the Govern- ment, and now, by some "nobbing" means, reached Hobart Town; and by "nobbing" again, has crept into the Town Surveyor's gang, walking about with his hands in his breeches pockets, like a gentleman. How, or in what manner, he has obtained this privi- lege, in direct opposition to the Home orders, we should like to know. We cannot account for this sort of "nobbing," which now seems very prevalent. We know that a large "Tulip" stalks up and down Hampden-row, that has so much ascendancy over certain of the Autho- rities, that any representation he makes is taken for Gospel. This is another sort of "nobbing," perhaps gratis - we hope so. It is the bane of this ill-fated Colony, and so will remain, if authorities will listen to, and believe every interested spy - to whose bosom, honor and every good feeling are strangers. While it lasts, no man will be safe in the Colony - the honorable minded man will be doubted, through the base insinuations of such tolerated calumniators - and the finished villain become possessed of authority and prosperity. Many are the innocent victims that fall a sacrifice to these wretched acts of villainy and duplicity, before the wretched means are discovered. - Correspondent. Our official friend has informed us, that it is not improbable that our much esteemed late Colonial Secretary, John Burnett, Esq. will accept the situation of Police Magistrate, of the New Norfolk district. It appears that orders have been forwarded to His Excellency the Lieutenant Govornor, by the Secretary of State, either to offer Mr. Burnett some other situation less arduous, than that of the Se- cretary's office, or else to offer him a pension from the Colonial Fund. His Excellency not willing to increase the Colonial expenditure —has had it suggested to him, that perhaps Mr. Burnett would accept the Police Ma- gistracy in question, were it so offered, and thus do away with the necessity of increasing the Colonial expenditure, whilst at the same time, it would place Mr. Burnett in one of the best public situations in the Colony. It will be asked what is to become of Mr. Mason ? This gentleman received the appointment, subject to depending on his own interests at home for confirmation, and as there is every reason to believe, His Excellency did not re- commend, in all probability, he will not hold the office for many months—and in addition to this, there have been certain charges made against Mr. Mason, by one of the Magistrates of the Colony, which charges are of a very serious nature, and which it will be our duty to notice at some future period. As regards Mr. Burnett, we feel satisfied, that the whole district will be gratified, should he accept the office likely to be offered, and as the duties are not severe, we trust there will be no ob- jection on his part. We have been informed, that two Con- stables, both prisoners, one employed at Go- vernment-house, and the other at the Chief Justices (where they are only employed every third day), are in the constant habit of annoy- ing the poor publicans on a Sunday morning, for matter to ground informations upon. We think both these men might be more re- spectably employed, for they are highly in- dulged, by holding their several berths, and as they have an opportunity far beyond many of their fellow-constables, to obtain a good livelihood in their leisure hours, they ought not to be encouraged by the district constables in such dirty work. We are also told, that a Grown prisoner, named Physic, who has been four years in the service, but not yet obtained any indulgence by good conduct, has lately been let out of the Prisoners' Barracks, for the purpose of scouring the grog shops—so far a blackguard may be useful—for set a thief to catch a thief they say, but we hope whoever has allowed such a fellow his liberty, for so base a purpose, as to pick up the unguarded, who may innocently infringe upon our incon- gruous code of laws, will be very cautious as to how they receive his testimony. In fact his evidence ought not to be taken at all, and we earnestly hope it, will not. A free respectable young man was seen to let off a squib in Macquarie-street, on the birth night of his most gracious Masjesty— forthwith two felon constables rushed upon him and dragged him by main force to the watch- house, where he was confined all night with the worst of characters. His friends were not allowed to see him, nor to send him clothing to keep him warm. The next morning he was brought through the streets in charge of felons, and placed at the bar of the Police-office. On his appearance, the Magistrate, putting his spy-glass up to his eye, asked " what fellow is that?" The felons were witnesses and proved the case. The Magistrate told the fellow, that if he had committed the offence on any other night, he would have fined him five pounds. The penalty inflicted was only ten shillings—half to the felon constables, the other half to his most gracious Majesty, who little imagines what tyranny his free subjects are suffering under, from the transported felons of Great Britain. In the last Gazette is published a long list of conditional pardons, having received the sanction of His Majesty. Many expected to have seen their names among the number, but were disappointed. It would appear that orders from Home prevented the granting pardons by the Lieutenant Governor ; and all that he can do is to recommend such to the Home Government. We believe the Lieu- tenant Governor has recommended that con- ditional pardons should be granted to about fifty individuals, and that such pardons should be dated from the last King's birth-day, these pardons remain in the Secretary's Office till approved of, when the publication will take place. Their appearing in the Gazette on the holiday is a little ruse. It is not pleasant to give up patronage, neither is it always neces- sary to acknowledge the loss thereof. What a thing it is to be in power. Our readers are aware that one of the most efficient clerks in the Customs Department is the son of the late Colonial Secretary. This young gentleman has had much toil and trouble to make himself master of the duties of his office —his salary is £120 per annum. Lately, a son of R. Willis, Esq., J. P. and M. L. C., being for the time an active Member of the Legislative, has been appointed clerk to the Customs, and his salary is £150 ; and, what is more, he is placed above the son of the ex- Secretary. It is needless to add, that at pre- sent young Mr. Burnett has learnt all, and that young Mr. Willis has all to learn. What a difference there is between the interests of an official and an ex-official. A certain ex military man of Hobart Town was called upon the other day by a collecting clerk, for a small amount due to his employer. On the door being opened, the Major was asked for, and a servant told his master a gentleman wanted him. " Tell him," said the ex Major, "that I have made every enquiry respecting his character, and I find him to be a great rascal, let him never trouble me again." The collecting clerk was astonished at such an answer, which he at once imagined, could not be meant for him—and so it appeared after a little explanation, for the real "great rascal" was to have called at the identical time, the collector knocked at the door. The late shameful conduct of some of the soldiery at New Norfolk, has induced the inhabitants to come to the conclusion, that the people are better without them, than with them. All the duty of these men consists in guarding some half dozen old chairs and tables at Government-house ; and even this, they do not effectually attend to, as a robbery was lately committed in the Govern- ment Cottage. These soldiers have literally nothing whatever to amuse themselves with, and the best thing that could be done, would be to draft them to Hobart Town, where the military duties are very severe. How exceedingly unfortunate His Ex- cellency the Lieutenant Governor is, in his domestic economy. A few numbers since, we recorded the serious loss of a case of blacking, by the Enchantress, and now we have to notify, that the Cape wine has arrived three days too late. Yes, reader, on board the John are two hogsheads of Cape addressed to Colonel Arthur, and unfortunately this protracted arri- val obliged His Excellency to purchase a "quantum suf." of a merchant on Wednesday last. We understand war has been proclaimed between the Civil and Clerical powers at Richmond. Some queer things are going on in the district, and every endeavour made by a certain party to remove from office one of the best Magistrates of the Colony. We shall notice this war, probably, next week-in the mean time, we beg to observe, that in our opinion, nothing is more obnoxious than a "political parson." The Amateurs attempted their perform- ance on Tuesday last, the acting was miserable, and the " empty boxes" still more so. At one time, every performer was on the stage, and all at fault, no one to give the cue-no one who could " gag." The whole was as com- plete a failure as could well be imagined ; and, we have no doubt, this will end these Amateur performances, of which, too much notice has been taken, both by the press and the public. A Correspondent has requested us to ask the Principal Superintendent of Convicts in what manner he employs his assigned ser- vants. He gives his reason for so doing, saying, that he- supposes any individual fol- lowing Mr. Spode's example will not be punished-one Maddox, the writer alludes to in a note, with regard to whom he tells us he will give particulars in a future letter. It was very generally believed, that the visitors at Government-house were to have a " shake down" after the ball on the King's birth-day, as several cart loads-of blankets were lent by the Commissariat. None of the visitors wished to remain any longer than they could possibly help, and, therefore, dispersed with- out being accommodated with the loan of the blankets. The ball at Governrnent-house, on Friday last, was very badly attended, and never was a public entertainment more dull or mono tonous. Not one half of those invited, ac- cepted the invitation. The supper was served up in the usual extravagant style ; and what with wine, oranges, and other delicacies, cost the exact sum of thirteen pounds, seven shil- lings, 'and two-pence.- Official Gazette. " Greenwood Ghost" has been received, and it will be noticed in due time. ,, Died.-At Mills Plains, River Nile, on the 9th instant, Thomas Pitcairn, Esq. 