Hobart Town Police Report. Monday, February 16th. Margaret Mason, very old hand, and regular visitor at this office, was charged with throwing divers missiles at a man, and threatening to knock his brains out, as usual, she was fined 5s. William Harris and Esther Holmes, two lushy coves, paid their fines and bolted. William King, a flash waterman on the Derwent, was charged with having threatened to decapitate Charles Turner, a constable. There appeared to be an unsettled account of 1s. 6d. that caused some little animosity between the parties, which Turner had an idea of settling, by bringing King before his betters. He was fined 5s. for his polite language. Stewart Jamieson expressed his regret at his very improper and thoughtless conduct of having bestowed his affections on the wife of his friend, who he said had never troubled himself about it. He was ordered to a road party for the remainder of his original sentence. John Steptoe, for having overstepped the bounds of decency and sobriety, was ordered to take a step a two at Lieut. Gunn's Martin Collins, a short but very fat fellow, was charged with very improper conduct as a constable. The terrors of the tread wheel alarmed him, and he begged to be excused such violent exercise, as being very detrimental to his corpulent personage. The Magistrate deemed it expedient that he should enjoy six day's at it, to open the pores of his flesh, and suppurate some of his excessive fat. Thomas Ralf, a constable, was discharged from his office for excessive kindness to a lushy friend, who he placed in his watch-box instead of accomodation in the watch-house. Rather an uncommon fit of kindness on the part of the police. Two Ladies, but both of them by some means kept their names from us, though one of them had a voice and roared like a lion. The one charged the other with seducing the affections of her inconstant swain, and rudely putting her unhallowed hands round her husband's neck in a public street, and in her own view. " Lord, Lord!" cried the other, "what a lie." "Oh! dear; you did, you base seducing hussey. Vell, vell, what is it, the varment won't say go and get your lush at the police office; but I'll call Mr. Scrummy, the man they call the honest baker, and he shall serve you out with a bit of hevidence." Mr. Scrummy entered, and bowed gracefully, and looked at the lady in black to give him the office. She said, "I only wants the truth." "Why then," said master Scrummy, "If I must tell your Worship the truth; if I had had my way, and there had been any thing in the shape of a constable near by, for there was only that walking ghost, with the white coat and blue trowsers, that they call "Jack Straw," why I would have had them both lumbered; for I have no notion of being disturbed by their jealous rows." The lady in black bit her lip, and Scrummy sneaked off like a man charged with short weight. Matters took a different turn now; and after a little civil jaw between the ladies, the one in black was ordered to find sureties, and immediately called for her false friend Mr. Scrummy to bail her, and she was discharged, crying out bitterly at the deceit of "this here vicked vorld." Tuesday, February 24th. Frederick Bond, was ordered to the tread wheel six days, William Wiltshire, six days and nights in a cell, George Robinson, six months to a road party, John Roberts, reprimanded, Charles Jones, discharged, all for various acts of misconduct of a trivial nature. George Brown was charged with calling two ladies "of Watchorn-street," by very improper and filthy names. Really the constables ought to be rewarded for these nice distinctions. John Litchfield, an impudent fellow, charged his mistress with having threatened to chop his head off. His mistress soon explained the fellow's misconduct, and he was chopped from a good service, to a road-party. Charles Cox, holding a ticket-of leave, was called on to answer the charge of James Gray, the Poulterer, who appeared as sour as a "Quince," and stated that Cox had claimed a fowl, that he, in his capacity, had sold to a customer; that such conduct was highly dtri-merited to his honour and credit. "That good name in man or woman," was the immaculate jewel of their souls. There was no proof adduced of good character, and conse- quently that none had been lost or injured; that the " fowl" charge was a mistake altogether, and the poor ticket-of-leave man was discharged, who regretted that his friend was about fitting up a shop for him opposite Mr. Gray's, which he intended to open "in the fowl way too," as he thought when he opened he would he again subject to another "fowl charge." The same man was afterwards charged by constable Clark,"who musters the ticket-of- leave men, (which has now become an important task to prevent the old game of tip) with having removed his residence without giving due notice, and on being told of it, of having been insolent to the said constable; and as constable Clark swore with having threatened him; it appeared that Cox did in a state of excitement, lift up his fist, when replying to Clark, but not with intent to menace this "mock-state officer," who being only half English bred, understands very little of the action to the word. The poor fellow was ordered to the tread-wheel for four days, to teach, him due subordination to a "brother -ticket-leave man," and pay proper "respect to persons." Samuel Tomkins was ordered ten days to the tread-wheel, and his service changed. John Darkin and John Franklin were fined 5s. each for drunkenness, and ordered to find sureties for their good behaviour. John Brown was ordered to a cell for disorderly conduct. Mary Ann Barns was fined 5s. for calling her female friend by indecent names. Mr. Addison was charged by District Constable Tulip Wright, with a breach of the Police Act. He appeared more like a poppy than a tulip by his sleepy scent of a case, which was dismissed forthwith. Wednesday, February 25th. George Thompson, Edward McVeigh, and Elizabeth Simpson, having indulged too freely, and the streets not being sufficiently wide enough for them, were fined 5s. each. Robert Walters, was charged by Constable Bowtell with disorderly conduct. Him and another constable varied much in their mys- terious description of the conduct complained of, which was by no means satisfactory to the magistrates, who gave Walters the benefit of their discrepancy of evidence. Joseph Goodwin, for not being sufficiently acquainted with the character and manner of Miss Ann Cottrell, at a risk confined her, under the impression that she was drunk. Mr. Goodwin was convinced of his mistake, by being discharged, as being an unfit member of the fraternity. Daniel M'Laney was ordered to remove himself and baggage to another shop, his present being considered unfit for improvement of his morals. Henry Monaghan, another ticket-of-leave man, was ordered to work off the fumes of his last dose, by a few days recreation at Mr. Gunn's circular amusements. James Beachley, proprietor of the "Finish, Fruiterer, and Oyster Crib," opposite the Theatre, appeared on a warrant to answer the complaint of Miss Sally Plunkett. The lady stated that she had called for a few oysters, and and spilled a little of the vinegar on the floor, which so enraged the master of the Crib, that he violently pushed her into the street. Mr Beachley's man servant was called to explain matters. He mixed the vinegar up with some ginger beer and brandy, that appeared to have caused such confusion which the case, appeared of a most ludicrous nature, and the Magistrate, to waste no more time, exercised his prerogative by dismissing it. Thursday, February 26th. Andrew Rhind, was charged with disorderly conduct, and being found on Mr. Watson's premises at an unseasonable hour without lawful cause. Andrew pleaded that he was in lawful exercise of a laudable and praiseworthy duty in distributing the True Colonist and collecting monies for the Editor. Mr. Watson swore that he saw Andrew sneaking about his window at an unseasonable hour, where he had been seen before. That he told him "he was the Editor of the True Colonist, and that if he gave him in charge he would make him pay handsomely." This statement was partly corroborated by Elisabeth Cunningham, who also stated, that Andrew enquired after Mr. Brown, and asked her to take wine and brandy. It evidently appeared that poor Andrew had taken a drop too much, and in the warmth of his patriotism, assumed the character of the worthy Editor, and had forgotten that he was acting disordery, he was ordered to find sureties, and in default sent to gaol. Mons Davidson and Henry Candlish, for drunkenness, fined 5s. each. John Breatnell, was fined £10 and costs, in breach of the harbouring act. Charles Evans, a noted grog-seller, was fined £20 and costs, for a similar offence. Rachel Chamberlain was also fined £20, for a similar of offence. John Bodry was charged with having committed a similar oftence - case dismissed. William Hyton, was fined £20, for having a quantity of brandy found in his possession, without having obtained a proper permit for its removal. Friday, February 27th. Peter Stephenson and Jesse Morrell, were charged by John McConnell with wilfully destroying a door, his property, to the damage of 5s. This was a prosecution under Mr. Peel's Act, and several witnesses were called on both sides. It was dismissed, the defendants having committed the act complained of, under a reasonable supposition that they had a right to it. George White, having been found under suspicious circumstances at ten o'clock last night, concealed about the premises of William Moriarty, Esq., was ordered to find sureties to for his good behaviour. William Cooper, was ordered twelve months hard labour, for stealing peaches in his master's garden Antonio Da Sylva and James Trayner, were fined 5s. each, for drunkenness. Saturday, February 28th John Thompson and John Roe, were charged with being most gloriously drunk. They both pleaded guilty, dropped their cash, and walked off apparently well satisfied. Miss Kitty Collins was brought upon warrant, charged by Mrs. Susan Dowdell, who told a lamentable tale of Kitty's violent and outrageous behaviour, in having come to her house and accused her of having told lies about her; and that because she had endeavoured to defend herself with her tongue, (which was a regular clapper) takes a brass candlestick - flourished it in such a threating and menacing manner as to put her in the most dreadful fear and alarm- - and she believed her person was in danger, and as she lived in the ame neigh- bourhood, she must be protected by the Court. Kitty, who is about forty of age and as plump as a partridge, declared her innocence, which appeared to "know no shame," and vowed it was a false and malicious charge for the purpose of bringing'a young creature to such an infamous place, and expose her to redicule and subject her to the rebuke of her papa and mama. Susan trembled at the sight of her, and earnestly begged for protection. Kitty was ordered to find sureties. Joseph Furnival, ticket-of-leave suspended, for being in Hobart Town without a pass. John Bowtell, a constable, six days with Mr. Gunn, for misconduct. Thomas Sissons, charged with drunkenness was ordered fifty lashes, and to pay a visit to Mr. Knottman. Monday, March 2nd. John Rowe of the Maria, was committed to the House of Correction for two months, for drunken- ness and disorderly conduct on board the ship. Robert Church, for having repeatedly disobeyed the order of the pastor, the Rev. Mr. Bedford, and this being a second charge recently, he was recommended to be more dutiful, and ordered to do penance in a cell four nights, and attend worship and duty in the day time. Joseph Hall, another of his Reverence's servants, was charged with gross misconduct and violence in his master's house. He declared, if he remained in his master's house, he should do some violence. He was therefore removed to a road party. James Smith, Tkomas Oldfield, Thomas Loury, and Joseph Kenrick, were each fined 5s. for drunkenness. Thomas Bascomb and Jane Clark, was each fined 5s. for drunkenness, and 5s. for bad language in the public streets. William Higgins, a very old hand at this office, was charged by a female, with having beat her, taken great liberties with her, and forced his person and affections upon her, without having received the least invitation or encouragement. He was brought up by warrant, and the moment he appeared, the dear " Crater" made open confession, that she had loved him once, but that his cruelty of late, had turned her love to hatred, but she begged for mercy towards him, if he would suppress his violent passion towards her, of which her very bones and flesh feel. So much of the milk of human kindness operated, and he was discharged, when up stepped constable Williamson, exhibiting a ragged shirt, that appeared never to have been whole. He stated, that on hearing much swearing, he proceeded to whence the noise came, and found the defendant and complainant having a round or two, and he interfered and took the lady's place and got got beat himself. As the defendant had no money to pay for damages, he was ordered to the House of Correction. Thomas Long, removed from the Union Club to a large party of Mr. Notman's, for neglect of duty. Benjamin Hill, was ordered three years to a road party for absconding. James Howe, was ordered four months to a road party. William Henderson, was sentenced to receive twenty-five lashes. Tuesday, March 3rd. Mr. Fitzpatrick attended again this day on the charge of Mr. Gilbert Robertson, charged with having stolen a quantity of hay, the property the Crown. A number of witnesses were summoned who were expected to elucidate many important matters, relating to the hay, but Mr. Davidson, late Government Gardener was called, from whom was expected something decisive, and from the nature of his evidence, the defendant was discharged. Several Bakers, were this day charged by district Constable Peel, with breaches of the Bread Act, but as several of them appeared to have arisen from accident, more than an intent to infringe on the law, or cheat the public, they were dismissed, several charges being withdrawn at the instance of Mr. Peel. One was a notorious bad case, short weight, George Croker, he was lined £10. Robert Donaldson, was ordered to Mr. Gunn's retirement, having left his master's shop, bound for more agreeable pastime at the Stag and Hounds. Robert Benton, was charged with being found in a public house with a female, who he declared was his wife. As his conduct was considered highly improper (but not unnatural) although a ticket- of-leave man, he was ordered to the tread wheel to impress in his mind, the gift of continence. Peter Dutton, was fined 5s. for drunkenness. Henry Lockie, a servant of Mr. Stocker, was charged with gross misconduct, whereby a valuable horse of his master's was killed. Twelve months to a road party. William Dove, a servant of Mr. Hewitt's, was ordered into the interior, for furiously riding his master's horse in the public streets. William Spong was ordered twenty-five lashes for ditto. John Hare, was returned to Port Arthur, from which place he had lately arrived upon trial, for having since absconded. William Jones, assigned to Alfred Stephen, Esq., was charged with having received several sums of money, for the purpose of purchasing articles with, which he obtained on account of his master, upon credit, and pocketed the money, was ordered twelve months to a road party. Peter Webster, ordered to have his ticket-of leave suspended, to prevent his repeated visits to Dr. Lushington. James Leach, charged with stealing a saddle-cloth - discharged. Obadiah Bolter, a constable, was fined 10s. for sleeping on his post. George Lambert, another constable, was also fined 10s. for suffering a female that was in his charge to escape from his custody. Wednesday, March 4th. Robert Wilkins was ordered thirty-six lashes, for stealing potatoes. Evan Ashworth and John Knight, each twelve months to Bridgewater, for absconding. William Presnell, was charged by his hired servant with refusing to pay his wages. He was ordered to pay the man 12s., the amount demanded. Joseph Rees, quite a lad, was charged by a female, of about forty, with having assaulted her. It appeared they had been upon very good terms up to this time; for the lady on this occasion had required his ser- vices to adjust her paraphernalia, to which he, rea- readily acquiesced, and in buttoning up her gown his unhallowed hands strayed, and she being, though not young, very susceptible, rebuked him for his want of attention and respect. He declared that she was mistaken in his intent. Thus they conti- nued wrangliug until high words commenced, and then blows, and poor Miss Frances Hayden received a violent black eye, and the other being a blue one, and not so straightly placed as usual, gave her a novel appearance, which so incensed her rage that she now claimed recompense from the Court. The lad declared he was not so amorous as the lady might have supposed, that the supposed insult had been caused by accident, and that he should not have fought if she had not first scratched. That about her two odd eyes he could not help that, for she was born so, and he would not touch her in- tentionally with a handspike. Such a contemptu- ous remark almost petrified the poor maiden, the poor boy could not fight over the black eye, for it stared him full in the face. He was fined 5s. and costs. He declared he would rot in a chokee before he would pay 5s., and was committed in default. John Holmes was charged by Emanuel Charles Green, with having wantonly and maliciously trespassed on his premises in Barrack-street, and on remonstrance threatened to give him a good ducking in the Town Creek, which passes the Dancing Master's mansion. It appealed that the fellow had behaved extrmely rude upon the occasion, and had no right to trespass upon Mr. Green's domain. He was ordered to find sureties for his future good behaviour, and pay costs. Thursday, March 5th. Joseph Bailey was fined 5s. for diunkenness. John Morris was charged with being beastly drunk, and sentenced to the Leastly punishment of twenty-five lashes. Richard Teague was charged by his master, Mr. Wintle, with most pertinaceously refusing to account for some some delay when in charge of a cart. He was only reprimanded, and ordered to be more polite to his master. Friday, March 6. John Taylor was cnaigcd with divers amorous propensities and very improper conduct, in the Government Domain - as a check to his libidinous habits, he was recommended to Sorell Rivulet. Edward Roberts was ordered to the treadwheel for six days, for having, been found rambling St. Giles's at a late hour. Arthur Sullivan, a constable, was charged by the Assistant Police Magistrate, with laying down by Mr. Moodie's fence when on duty, and at a time when he should have been walking on his post. It appeared, that the constable had no knowledge of his superior officer's approach, and for such con- temptuous conduct, he was ordered to the tread wheel for three days. Several other constables were charged with several acts of misconduct, but not so flagrant as to cause their dismissal - their salaries were severally mulet. Charles Moore was ordered to be removed to Port Arthur, being of such an uneasy and restless disposition in this part of the Island as never to be found at home. William Rees was sentenced to receive twelve lashes, for insolence to his master, Mr. Hesse. Ellen M'Intosh was charged with stealing a pot from Mrs. Maria Underwood's. It turned out, that Ellen had been taking her drops, and her copper being warm, she strolled to the premises of Mrs. Underwood, about taking a draught of pure Aqua —in being disturbed by some of the family, she took the water-jug with her to the gate of the premises, and then put it down. A constable was near, and gave it as his opinion, that it was a decided felony. The Magistrate differed with him, and gave Ellen the benefit of the mistake, and ordered her to find sureties for her good behaviour, and take her water at her own premises. Saturday, March 8th. John Ross was sentenced to a cell three days and nights on bread and water, for neglect of duty. John Digney, a constable, was charged by Mr. Baudinett with being drunk. He stated that he saw him on the Old Wharf in a beastly state of intoxication, and quite unfit for his duty; and that, being one of the " Chief of Chiefs" in the constable line about the Wharf, and being very particular and careful as to their sobriety, he had brought this man under the notice of the Police, from a sense of duty. Such conduct was considered very praise- worthy, and the constable's drunkenness being confirmed by another constable, he was suspended. Adam Riley, for drunkenness, was fined 5s. Maria Mansfield, one of the oldest drunkards in the Colony, was sent to the House of Correction for seven days, in default of payment of 5s., for drunkenness. FELONIES DISPOSED OF SINCE OUR LAST. James Morgan was fully committed for trial for stealing a shirt, the property of John Thomas. Joseph Kendrick, for stealing a waistcoat, the property of David Dunkley, was fully committed for trial. 