SUMMARY OF BRITISH- POLITICS. By the arrival of. the Marquis of Huntley, which sailed from the Downs on the 27th of March last, and arrived here on the 5th instant,. after an uncommonly quick passage of ninety nine days, we have received intelligence from the mother-country to a comparatively late date., The, second. Reformed Parliament met on the 24th February, and, strange to relate, the very first of its acts was to chaunt a regular Whig elegy, with numerous Radical accompaniments, over the death and burial of its predecessor 1 We were really in hopes that the weapon of a Re. formed Parliament, which the Whigs had manu factured, but which, we must acknowledge; theyr were not particularly dexterous in tl)e use of, would be managed to somewhat better effect by. the Tories; accustomed as the latter have almost exclusively been from time immemorial, to. ;the manual exercise, although with a somewhat dif f.rent species of offensive and defensive armour: And assured, as we felt, of the high moral feel ing that would regulate all the political proce dure of the Right Honourable the present Pre mier, and of the strorig coimmn6nsepse'.f, his able coadjutor the Duke, we really 'itertaihed the hope that the new Ministry would obtain :.the confidence of the nation, and would carry nil the process of Reformin in such a way as to meet the wishes of all moderate men, and to save the empire'frotti revolution. These expectations .were founded chiefly, on the ~nnoincements of the lead'= ing Conseivative Journals,one of which, the Loii don Times,: with.: its new:mintto of Teinpora mutantur, apprised us by the last :arrivals- that the .Tories had gained'an accession f.uf: nt fewer than" 170 i members"by the.receht' dissoiution.::? The :resiilt, ':however," has': it: seems: by "no means ' crrespoinded'-'with;r' these' ;anticipations .The first trial- of 'strengtn;was- the 'ielection of? a iSpeaker: of 'the; House' of :Comins::s. Sir CHARLES MIdNEiS.SuTroN, who had' held that office so long before, and with so h'uch credit to, himself, was the: ministerial 'carididate; 'ani the 'ITory jdurnals were= lioud i and vociferous in their predictions -that his election wobuld ble carried by. acclamation.:: The Whigs set uip; 'as an 'oppo sition catdidate, the Right . Honourable'- JAMES ABERCROMBiE, one of ihe Members of: Parlia mient for the city:of Edinburgh; and, singular to relate, they ~carried, the' election ! Mr. ABER CROMBIE is. the :son of ithe :celebrated Sir.RALPH ABERCROMBIE, Who ;distinguished himself so greatly. ini:Egypt; where he: fell in the expedition against the French,, under. their late Emperor, covered with military glory. -Mr. ABERCROMBIE is not a man of splendid talents,; but : he bears the highest, character; for' sound' commion sense and unbending integrity, and:he has always been universally respected---being a Right Honourable man .in- the moral, as well as in-the political; sense ofthe. phrase. We. account it' a high honour to Scotland; and in particular. to. her -ancient ime tropolis, to have" furnished ~a Speaker to the" House' of Commons; :but this" is nnot'2:;thediionly' indication of' th egreat additional impdrtance which` that portion: of the United -Kingdom,' has. acquired 'in :the scale .of the nation; throuighi he' Refotinm Bill;. one. of the: topics .: of H. Iis, Ma jesty's Speech at the opening of Parliameht, being a recommendation to Parliament to provide ad ditional accommodation for, the religious- instruc tion of members of the. Church of Scotland. It is somewhat singular that a similar recommenda tion should just have been made by His Majesty's Representative in this colony to the Legislature of New, South Wales. . \- The Address. whichi is:u Usually;votedby :the House of Commons in answer i~ the King's Speech is generally .a mere echo of the Speech ; and, the uniform practice= of the Opposition on such occasions is to propose anwamendment to the Address, either :pledging the: Parliament to some particular measiure, or throwing some in-. direct reflections upon the Government., Amend ments of this kind uniformly: received a polite go-by in the good old. Toryimes that preceded the Reform Bill; but (nin~rk lthe change I- Sir ROBERT PEEL'S Administration have had .the inortification to experience a second defeat in this particular; the' Whig amendment to the Address, containing what must surely be considered a sin gularly unpalateable reflection on the present Government for the.recent dissolution of Parlia ment, having been triumphantly carried.. Under the old regime two defeats of this kind would. have compelled the ministry to beat a retreat from office; but retreating is: by. no means a favourite manaeuvre with. the ,Duke, and ;Sir ROBERT PEEL, to use1 a huiting, phrase,- seems determined to be in at the death.' We should be sorry indeed, for the reasons mwe :have .already assigned, to find,the new Ministry com pelled to give up. the-ghost; but.we confess the ,signs of :the times would. seem to indicate that :there" is really some. reason to apprehend- their speedy dissolution. Thle importance : attached by thle ministerial .journals. to. the first two, matters of, contest be itweei, the ins and the outs;is evinced in :the fol lowing: paragraph 'w.hich ,we :iuote foidm a re= cent npumpr:of :Th, York Chronic/c;: The Dukes of Hamilton and Sutherland have sent in their adhesion to the present Ministry.; and all the, members whom they can influence in' the liouse tof Commons will also support the GovernYient. This puts an end to the expectations of the Opposition, it they were ever seriously entertained, that they Wutrio be 'able successfully to oppose'-the electiod of S, Charles Manners Sutton as :;Speaker, .to .carry. an? amendment to the Address, or t'o stop' the sipplies. These are the three measures which- the Liberi?ls have annoinced their intention to pr?pos? as ?alsof strength ; if they persist, .on all they":will b?t i ost signally, and triumphantly beaten. It is truly mortifying to be obliged oetack a paragraph like this. S grilly andtrzn n beaten-to,be-surie 1 ' The Marquis.' of oCisAD Os his n ade ii successful motion for :theepaof the :Maltti ich'it.seems produces 'a revenue: off ur'. :..''ve? milLions per annum,.,, This waas by no ipe La party question; It-was tried, and.l had. the same issue under ,the late. administration:. .:Wh.ethep' have:: ascertained how :the deficiency. is to be supplied.., , , .' 'measure rf' Church Reform is one of; the first that-as been put forth by~the new Ministry.. It is short measure, wefear, and will scarcelybe ccepted "by the nation. -It, proposes to equalize? the Bishoprics, by raising the pborer ones toy 45001\. per annum, and by reducing the wvealthier to a thousand more-- throwing four. of the: pre sent English ,dioceses into' two, atid creating two' niew ones to keep up the present amount of dead' weight in the House of Lords. -;This, however, will not do. The nation will not rest satisfied, now till the Bishops are excluded en masse fi'o:8?I the House of Lords; neither should they .As: increasing their number, we cansee no objetn to such a measure. Indeed there ough t to. be hundred times the -present number , tforf there. were,' and if they had each only ?0b0o : t or 5001. a .year, witW; no `secular teties' and` no Parhi nentary .,duities to ,perform, Episcopacy:i wo. be somewhiat liker what it was.in the fourth and fifth centuiries,: wh"den eight' or. "snine :hundredi bishops were to be found at onetime in a Rt na. prol nce,'not more. populous than Ireland .. Sir CHARLES MANNERS.. SurrroN hias bee created a' peer, under the title of Lord Canteri bury, as a reward for his past services as.Speaker of the House if Commonsi - and also, perhaps: as. a consolation for the disappointment he must have felt -in not having' been a??gain elected to that honourable. office. He. has :since beeip pointed to proc'eel to Canlada aa Commissioneri to hear and determine in ?atters of hIighest mo inent in reference to the government of the nadiari Provinces, onwhich the-House o?'ii sembly and :the Legislative, .:Coucil, of ..Lowe'. :Canada are at present at oissue. A fitter person .for the office, of umpire could not have lbeien se lected, and we: trust his Lordship's :important .missionwill be completely stccessful . ,Z -'- . " . . . . . - -'. -. H .·- --s .. . . . . -:-~e : 3-?'- 