PROFESSIONAL MEN. i.;ESpFc TABLE.free1emigrant,, recently ar 'ived ..from: England, -called .on ,us within the last ifew -,days,' ;and mentioned inci dentally, .-it tlhe. coutse of' conversati9.;I. that he had just retiured ~from' a ditant? part of the interior .to .which he had pro-, ceeded on. horseback a few weeks ago. to. look for land. We asked him '*at. recep- ] tion he had met .with 'from the settlers in that part of the :interior, which he haditra ,.-versed, and were somewhat mortified ito find :that it had not "by anyy means been .such as a getleiman in ,these.circumstances had a: right t expect. He did not, indeed, . prefer any complaint of a want ofcommon hospitality; for it seems the dai~r. wvit'h its usual accompaniments in the b:lsh .h~id been ;presented:with .all: i?iaginable :fran k .ness, and the shake-down :duly prepared: But while the common offices of hos itality ,were tendered, with siuficient good-will, there was .a really inkhospitable feeling manifested towards the ..stranoer wliichli. it .was _equally annoyinig to:texperience' and: Simpossible to 'mistake. For .henever he -'diisclosed the :object ., of lhis. journey and ropt a hint abbut the lpossibility :of his uItimatoly, ettling ay?vhee jn the. vicinity: of his 'host for the time, : w'e "was sure to' be told that there was not a bit of land worth .taking to be got within twenty miles,.and eveiy artifice short of:,downright lying :was I recourse: to .to get. him out of the :,: This feehalig, is not exemplified' by thie ,smallm ettler;. the proprietor of at twenty or `thirty acre' farm :vho supports himself and ihis family by the cultivation of.the soil, and .earns a moderate competency..by ?hisown manual labour; for seitles of thii kind are glad?to have neighbours in: aildirecjions,,as rthe prosperity of one -never interferes 'with :the prospects or .convenience of another. The feeling. in question ,isr peculiar to the grazier and wool-grower:;: and ?it.is always Sevinced the more strongly, the more exten~ 'sive his property- anid the .morenuunmerous his flocks and1'h lherds.: In-fact, it .would: appear that 'in certain 'parts of the' .territory 'which are parcelled out among large stock2 `holders, the appearance of ,a newly. arrived emigrant traversing. ther country ,in" search,. of land excites as mucli anxiety and appre 'hension on. the' part of .the-i:stockhoiler;as thatof the intaginary'? apparition iri Moliere's 'Ghost.. " No nearer,. pray!" is the salu tation .with which;, he!is, welcoined: at"every 'stock-station, ,arid the anxiety 'tht he" ii?y i b .himself in sone other: partoftthe country 'i: as earnest' an.~l unfeigned as if he were :in 'reality " my old fieind's .ghost." This ungenerpus:. filing arises partly from. the pecuiliar circu"mstances tlof ;this 'Colony,.in .whichi, sheep an'd cattle increase: '.aid .multiply anid r:eplenish 'the, larid' at ,a 'mate altogether,. unpregedened d lintEurope; L hile ::the thinness bf: the ,natives'herbage , e:iders it riecessary ,.for.'the, stock- holder.to ':.ave anmuch.larger extentof paatureeground for any numiber of''sheep trind -cttle'thari would be required in England. But it e arises chiefly from that accursed thirst of S igain whichlis found so universally prevalent t in =this community, and which the rapid acquisition of wealth uniformly engenders -often to the utter. extinction of -every generous feeling, of: every:,;kindly.emotion.. 'For perhaps in no -part of his Majesty's 1 dominions is the ardent desire of gain so strongly and so generally "felt, or so im perfectly disg,~ised as in New South Wales. In other parts of the empire, ,other objects are pursued besides .the Igrand object .of money making; .other and-more generoiu tastes a.re ,foind to prevail: but itjwouldi seem: that ini :New Soith' Wales :hedesi e of gain absorbse very other feeiing,.every 6other ,consideration: ; for of ,all the long;1 j'aw-breaking,,phrenological `list df -bumps indicative ·of indiividual propensities, the buiip.of-acquisitivreness is:the only one that is lonoured 'with a full, general, aand ex clusive developement' in -this colony. ';The' predominance of that principle in. cer tain. quarters.' in the 'mother-country, has lon .supplied this :-.colony ivith :a rge .annial importation of thieves, buirglars`, and pickpockets'. to "be ;.transmuited ini due season, in. the great Australian. alembic,: into , farm-servants, shepherds, ser:vants-of all-work, and occasionally even into gentle :menof .th es s: Bui.the:p piricip'e isnot less. predomniant :among' those classes of our heterogeneous population -'that have arrived in the :colony; as'. free emigrants, although' in these classes- of our community it doubtless assumes a somevhat different aspect, and: manifests itself .merely: in a greedy, grasping, monopolising spirit whose whole and sole object of puirsuit and whose whole: and: sole soiurce of gratificationi is gain. - ' - To .counteract, the evil, tendency:' of so contemptible a Lspirit,i i is of i-much imn portance to a community so coristituted as ours, to' raise. up classes of men .:?o will naturally pmirsue higher :objects rand act on higher .principles..than those that evidently engage the' universal,pursuit and .regulate the" universal practice of our'colonial, popi latibon and so. to elevate, :if. possible, the character.of, the. individuals that constitute these-classes of our community as to pre vent'. their degenerating,ashas not unfre quently .lbeen t':the : case ,.in' this ,colony already, into mere money-getting, grasping colonists.. :In the.sixty-third 'page6f'the first volume of. his Historical; add Statistical Account,. of NewiSouth -Wales,' Dr. LANG'has' hit.upo4 the idea we "have ,just expressed,, in 'the following paragraph.:- STh.business,: of.buying; and 'selling ipe~cspeial Swlen attended with.unreasonable prbfits,iiskso ap .tto foster'the' s6lfish. -feelings, aidi.holds oi't-'s9 many temptations' td the .indulgence of a grovel' ling dissposition, that -:'I ,have, .often.,thought'P;i: Swould 'be' good,' policy :in, a:Gov ernmernt'-ad: Sministering,,the 'd?ffairs,' of ,oneof- ofithose"imoney, •naking: communities' ' c 'ele dolonies, 'to 'counte ane ,aridd "encoiragme'what, ,ire, commonly.,iiled the' liberal pWpfessions,,if:lit were !oply.vbeOaUst :they haveiapowerful:teddenley toabringuinto°play )the ?.higher .and n'obler Lfeelings. f- our, nature. SCertain':it is;. that the man biho devotes ill hi energies to the mere .concerns of buying and ii selling, will at length come to estimate every c thing, not according to what it is really worth, C but only according to what-it will bring. In this - manner the very .expansion of mind, which success in mercantile speculations generally in duces has a tendency to produce a corresponding degree of moral degradation: for the man who begins the world by buying and selling orapges;, which is a lawful employment, and may there- t fore be honestly engaged in and honestly con- I ducted, will, in all likelihood, provided he only :gets the wind strong on his p.arter, end the: matter by buying:and selling--seats in the British Parliament, :i. -. buying and selling, the liberties olfis country, which it is as infamous to? buy:as it istraitorous to, sell. t In a young colony: we can scarcely ex ect .to "find lsuch men as are` found in all t the older aridmore civilized-states of Europe \--men -who have a. moderate competency I of their- own, ,and ~vwho devote themselves e?itireyto ".the : pursuits of literature and science, without belonging "to any of what are called the learned professions. B:Dit the good ,estate arid character Of - the a: pro fessions themselves in the colo ies, is a matter in which :all i.who .feel interested in promoting the; real welfare 9f thie colonies must be deeply concerned ;, .- they afford the only check and counteraction of, which: the state of colonial society is susceptible, to the evil consequences?,that woquld nther wise result to society insuch circumstances from the universal and exclusive pursuit of gain. It is.high time,:we .conceive, to discard the oancient division of the learned profes sions: into i three. faculties or departments. In conformity to /the wants and -spirit of the age,.we woull arrange them under the five .following divisions: - :I. The Cl, drical .profession, (compre lhending ministers of. al. religious denomi -nations;) tie professed object of which is to promote the spiritual, and eternal welfare -of mankind. ,II. ihe Legal profession, (comprehending judges, barristers,. and attornies,) the pro fessed object, of :which is to -administer justice between -.man arid man, in all .matters' relating either; to, persons . or to property. III. The IMedical profession, , including physicians -and surgeons,) the professed object of which is to preserve and to restore the physical health of the community. I IV. The! Educational profession, (com-. prehending .-instructors .of youth of all Sclasses, -whether professors in colleges, rectors of ;academies properly so called, oi mere schoolmasters,) the professed object bof, which: is. to train 'up the youth of the i country:for acting their part with-credit in the .varuiousipublic .,and' private walks of Ssociety. - SV. 1'The Literary. profession, (compre-. .heridingauthors, reviewers,. :and writers of Sill; llasses ':.for :the periodical press,) the professed.object of which is to promote the welfare: ' and .-advancement of ,society in regard.to its political state, its. intellectual, .ch'iracter,: its agricultural and commercial .relationsarid its,general well-being. 5In- Ievery-colony, therefore, of any stand. ing,: there are over and above the.numerous' classes of individuals whose whole and sole object is gain, five iother .classes of men vhose professed -object is something else, -something higher, nobler-,:greater. "C Te labourer ".in each of these :five departments ofprofessional labour, is doubtle~s. worthy of his hire; " but it is not-for the bie mereldy that he is supposed to labour, for the motto he assumes is.Nuli~spr?teksF l awav s, i. e., covetous of oiught but the praise, whether, of Gon, of hisfellowrc a tures,:or of his own approving cean iec4. And it., is only in proportion as the .e.mbers~ of these five professions make theitjprofessedI object their.real one, and.conslder the hire as a secondary and,inferior .Object, that.. their influence on society at large, which.if properly exerted would be powerfiul in the highest degree, will be beneficial and. not positively hurtful to the community. .'For if the minister of religion becomes: a mere grazier and wool- grower, like the Rev. Mr. \- , and. the Rev. Mr. - , and the Rev. Mr. --- ; if the barrister identifies him self with the :mere pettyfogging attorney, or condescends to take fees with both hands, .or to act in any other way unworthily of his ::profession; if the medical man or the instructor' of youth, destitute of the nobl,. enthusiasm that ought to animate these important professions, becomes a mere money-gatherer or speculator in the- funds; and if the press is conducted on such mer cenary principles, or rather with so entire ,a destitution of all principle, as has hitherto in great measure distinguished the press in this colony; then, instead of a blessing - to the community, the five learned.pro fessions enumerated above will act as-a 'drag .and a dead-weight.upon it, lowering. and degrading its character, retarding and preventing its advancement. It is our intention to point out to our readers from. time to time what is proper to be .done.'either , by, the members of these: professions themselves, or by the Govern ment, or by the, community at' large, ac r cording as.. the means of: remodelling and. reforming- them' are respectively possessed by themselves,. by. the Government,. or by the public, -in order -to render them all. in Screasingly and beneficially influential in this community. In doing so, it is by no means our intention to give, a connected Sseries of articles on the subject, beginning with. theclerical profession, agreeably to 1 the ancient maxim, Principiumn a Jove,.and . endrlng.with the 'press. -We shall,merely "r take up one or other of the topics in,ques t tion occasionally, . just as. circumstances may dictate or our own convenience Ssuggest. ,It was our intention to have ' devoted the remainder of the space usually [set apart for our ,leading article to a series .of obbservations on the Legal profession in |this colony, suggested, by what. has recently Sbeen styled the division of the Bar. ' But e the pressure of matter ofa different, kind, a in the shape of English Extracts, Origing i LI Correspondence;and Domestic Intelligence, I obliges us to postpone our intended obser vatione till a future opportunity., ,,t* :?. ,? : 