ARISTOCRACY. We hasten to give a list of the present vermilion hirelings, and liberated, by expiration of sentence, " thieves," (we do not say whether of reputation or purses) and others who deny their grade, and use the Herald to make fools of their vocation :— E. W. O'Shaughnessy, transported for 7 years from Dublin ; his sentence has expired. After having a regular hunt with the Court of Request's beagles, he lately got earthed with Ward Ste- phens, under whom he has become a figure- dancer in several dirty court af- fairs. James Mudie, alias Major Mudie, sup- posed to be an old marine lieutenant. He is a highly respected public "moral man." Mudie came here some years ago. He was named "MAJOR" by a sailor in a frolic, on the passage. Liking the cog- nomen, he tipped the chap with a stifler of grog, as report saith, and the "Major" became the cry. We have him in glo- rious companionship with O'Shaughnessy. Tell him of Long Smith and Pendergast, and he will smite you. George Jelf, whose sentence of trans- portation for seven years, expired on 30th June. He is, in the "day," the store- keeper of Messrs. Aspinall and Co, and assists Stephens. We refer to Mr. Reilly of Pitt-street, who was " bled" by Jelf in London, for his British history. His colonial one is well known ; and we may only add that Jelf is the night as- sociate, in meditation deep, of Ward Stephens, the "Major, and O'Shaugh- nessy. William Henry Aldis, who served 7 years as a convict, and held a low situa- tion as kitchen boy, or something like it, in the Gazette Office. We understand he is a decent sort of youth ! Ward Stephens (the editor) who came here a mere pennyless adventurer (no disgrace), with all his fortune on his back. He was very kind in his accom- modation to the poor convicts in the Ga- zette Office with little supplies of the "needful," taking care of himself. This, we hear, commenced his fortune. Henry Murray, who probably lost his eye where the Major was wounded, after serving seven years' transportation in road parties and the Sydney Hulks (without an hour's indulgence) finds in the Herald Office, a store-room for his tirades in the larder of Mudie and Stephens. Mur- ray is in the habit of representing himself as an emigrant. Of course he, O'Shock, Jelf, and Aldis certainly did emigrate, but it was under the auspices of Govern- ment, and IN IRONS. We are minute in these allusions because they seem to hint that the whole morality and purity of the country is, fantastically enough, said to be represented or monopolized by those parties ; and whilst we and other journals are designated as vulgar, fettered and so forth, the Herald assumes so high a tone of reprobation and vaunting, that we feel ourselves bound to shew the par- ties who are daily slandering such men as Colonel Wilson, Mr. Therry, and indeed every Government officer who would do his duty boldly and disinterestedly. The greatest compliment that any (we do not mean this) band of congregated " cut throats" or "cut purses," or "indepen- dent thieves" and " treacherous villians," can pay to a man is to slander him. If they were to praise, the public would consider him a a "fellow soldier," from the anxiety of the vagabonds to protect him ; but by being abused, we and the world at once perceive that merit and in- tegrity declines an alliance with moral infamy, or that he is none of them, and hence the schism. But we do not say all or either are " independent thieves of reputation." or whether they are thieves at all in a literal sense. We only exhi- bit the parties who arrogate superior morals and power, or who belong in one way or another to the Herald. If any man can shrink from the attacks of such persons, we do not envy his unnecessarily nice feelings ; neither would we give him credit for judgment if he replied to the imputations of any fellows who by fret- ting "their hour upon the stage," ex- pend their small store of squibs just be- fore being abandoned, as they will be, when the play is over, to destitution and scorn in our public streets. The praise of some is more injurious than the abuse of others. To be denounced by the He- rald is the best compliment to honour and honesty ! With reference to Dr. Lang, his character is so notorious that it would be a waste of time really to il- lustrate his calibre. When the first of human virtues, in the name of Mrs. Wemyss, has been so gloriously traduced, and the best of fathers, husbands and friends slandered, in that of Mr. Laid- ley, the Scotch Pope and the Colonist are fit for any work. We rejoice in meriting his abuse, for what he slanders, society will praise. Sir John Jamison in giving his opinion, in regard to certain meditated improve- ments in the police department of the colony, ventured to suggest sundry alter- ations wnich we, at the time, commended as ingenious, and likely to lead to fa- vorable results. The absence of a proper classification among the prisoners, is not a deficiency of modern growth. We can trace it back to the foundation of the colony : and although it appears from old proclamations that Governors King and Macquarie attempted to distinguish, yet the extent of their discrimination was al- most imperceptible at the time, and speedily forgotten. Whatever may be said of General Darling, in other res- pects it is due to him to confess that his ameliorations in the treatment of the mass of offenders ; and the separation of classes introduced by him, and now so judici- ously improved upon by the present Go- vernor, gave and still gives a fresh im- pulse to the cause of reformation. There certainly, in ironed-gangs, is as much, if not more, occasion for a certain establish- ment of classes than among the great bulk of prisoners : for as desperation is more likely to be generated in such abodes, so the means of modifying or averting it ought to be correspondingly facilitated. Mr. Foster, we happen to know, was the first gentleman who succeeded in alter- ing the complexon of the ironed-gangs in various parts of the colony. From filthy receptacles of vice they became, by judicious management, reduced to re- gularity ; and we have been assured by a gentleman who inspected the books, or rather the record of punishment, that none was necessary, at No. 1 gang, con- sisting of 270 men for weeks ! Previously to his superintendence, the lash was em- ployed to an incredible extent and 20 on the average, punished daily. The chief means so advantageously exercised by this gentlemen were, we are assured, a conciliatory and yet severe discipline ; the prisoners were permitted to plait straw for hats during their leisure hours ; to mend their clothing (for which pur- pose needles and thread were furnished,) so that the time previously occupied in recounting scenes of infamy, and in hatching fresh adventures was usefully devoted to industry. This trifling indul- gence, on which so much rested, has been recently withdrawn ; and we lament to add that the change has been distin- guished by an increase of punishment, until the records now present as disgust- ing a feature as they did previous to the management of Mr. Foster. If the in- centatives to reformation and order are of so simple a character, surely public expediency ought to suggest their con- tinuance ? For our own parts, we con- sider the deprivations, in question, as wanton tampering and trust that the system of Mr. Foster will be again acted upon. (Since writing the above, we un- derstand that Mr. Foster of Hyde Park Barracks, is the party to whom we refer. His opinion would be importance to the Council.) We call particular attention to an im- portant series of protests (too long for our columns), lodged in Council by Messrs. M'Leay, Lithgow. Bell, and Colonel Snodgrass. Mr. M'Leay protests against his own pension, because there has been some ambiguity, regarding it, which has unjustly exposed him to abuse and trouble. Mr. Lihgow considers the charges of the police and gaol establishments as too great ; because we do quite enough for England, in employing and supporting her prisoners ; and because the erection of Courts and prisons, &c.;, are more necessary, and ought first to be erected and public improvements expedited, be- fore a surplus revenue can be so devoted as proposed. His opinion regarding emi- gration exactly accords with that ex- pressed by us, when the petition against the appropriatiou of the revenue was agitated. Mr. Bell briefly objects to the police vote as forming a precedent, and explains that his adhesion to the Govern- ment was occasioned by a wish to free it from present embarrassment ; but he ob- jects to the charges of the police as being borne upon the local revenue. Colonel Snodgrass agrees in the sentiments of Mr. Bell. At the time the vote passed, the Herald was as furious as a mad thing could be, against Mr. Bell and the public officers. Instead of nourishing a factious opposition, we now see that those gentlemen were actuated by public prin- ciples of expediency. We do not concur in the remark of the Australian regard- ing Mr. Bell. It is a commendable vir- tue, in times of necessity, to sacrifice private feelings to the general good ; and this meed is due to Mr. Bell, who simply records the real and laudable grounds of his vote. In fact the" official list" has not been influenced by faction, and of course the " faction" will hate and accuse them. The people appreciate the motive. The attempt of Dr. Lang to explain away his attack upon the memory of the late Mr. Laidley, falls little short of reiterated slander. It matters little whether the subject was taken up by the Gazette, or the Australian, or any other public journal ; society in general would have done so, if the press had not. But we will inform the Rev. Doctor, if per- adventure he knows it not, that the letter that appeared with the signature of Caritas, was written by a gentleman whose moral character is above all sus- picion, and who far exceeds the Doctor in every virtue that can adorn humanity. "Utiinam nugis tota illa dedisset tempora DISCORDIAE," instead of promoting strife and malice in the community. On Monday, the 6th April last, Mr. Kennedy in his place in parliament, called the attention of the Secretary at War to the dangerous consequences of soldiers wearing side arms in the streets. Sir Henry Hardinge as might be suppo- sed from his well-known love of " Tory Misrule," defended the practice econamore. Mr. Law mentioned an instauce that had occurred that very day of the mischief consequent on this practice ; adding that it was no uncommon occurrence. This was met by Sir Henry with the sophis- tical arguments, that – it was an old cus- tom – that soldiers had worn their side arms in the streets for the last century – he should be sorry to see it abolished – and thought it was absolutely necessary to keep up the practice ! Such are the usual arguments of the supporters of abuses. The remarks of the Courier upon the subject, are too good to be lost. " The frequency of the mischievous effects of this practice is, however, far greater than was asserted in the House of Commons, we know from our per- sonal knowledge of many instances. And what is more certain than that they will often recur ? The British soldier, like other soldiers, is frequently a drun- ken animal ; drunken person are gener- ally quarrelsome ; when they quarrel they often fight, and when they fight they often use the means nearest at hand to inflict pain on their adversaries. The side arms are always very near, therefore they are often very likely to use them. This sums clear logic. We don't per- ceive any flaw in the chain of reasoning, and, for our own part, would just as soon expose ourselves in the House of Com- mons to the wrath of Sir H. Hardinge, with a cocked pistol in his hand, as to dispute wiih a drunken soldier, who car- ries side-arms." Most of our readers are aware of the lamentable effects consequent on different collisions between the mili- tary and civilians in this colony – and we are opinion that were Mr. Kennedy and Sir H. Hardinge in possession of that knowledge, the one would see greater cause to deprecate the system ; and the other less ground for supporting it. The opposition papers teem with the persecution of Watt ; but the public should bear in mind that Mudie and the magistrates, in abandoning the charges, prevented the accused from proving, as he offered, that the " whole was a compi- lation of perjury and falsehood !" We know well that had the defence been al- lowed, the Justices would have expe- rienced a result not by any means antici- pated ; and exposures must have followed of a singular character. It was prudent for Mudie to withdraw, and shew the " white feather," for he had misled his friends. The prosecution, being thrown over-board, proves at once that the jus- tices were ashamed of the proceeding, and also of the " Major." It was unfair to Watt to abridge it ; but enough has been produced to exhibit the malicious and unfounded charges of the Castle Forbes bog-trotter. That maingy Scotch parson who has given the itch of scurrility to the Herald, joins with it in scratching against the police affair. After a pack of little curs see a mastiff chained, they kick up a great rompus — but the moment the big dog gives a growl, all the little rascals bolt to their kennels. The following taken from the Colonial Times of the 25th ultimo will go far to show the efficiency of that system of Con- vict Discipline pursued by Col. Arthur ; and which was stated by the Herald some time ago to have met with the decided approbation of Col. Breton as working so well ! " In our last number we explained to our readers the inutility of any free man op- posing the felon constabulary of the police of this Colony. Indeed, from daily ob- servation, it would appear that these men may just do what they think proper, and are not subject to any punishment for breaches of either the lawa of England or the laws of Colonel Arthur. It appears that these men are not only protected, but every modern Colonial law invariably tends to enrich such felon constables ; for, we believe there is scarcely a law which has lately passed the Council, which may not be considered one of the fines and penalties, and in every case great care is taken to allow one half of such fines to the informer. A rather singular occurence took place about a week since, exemplify- ing the prison discipline to a nicety. We have obtained our information from an eye witness. It would appear that some Felon Constables and and Sailors per Mangles, had a grand affray, in which of course, the sailors got worsted. It may be as well here to observe, that the prison ship Mangles had scarcely discharged her prisoners, before a troop of them were selected as fit and proper characters to watch over the interests of the Colonists, and were forthwith appointed to the con- stabulary. Some of the sailors of the ship, having leave to go on shore, met, in their peregrinations about the town, some of these newly appointed felon peace offi- cers. Jack, in a half jocular mood, went up to one of these worthies, and addressed him in a familiar manner. The felon constable felt his dignity hurt ; he told Jack that he was made a constable of, and that he must respect his situation, and not allow such familiarity. Jack started back with astonishment, at hearing the man say he was a constable, and. with a round oath, put him in mind of having come on board his ship with chains on his legs. This was quite enough. The felon police forthwith struck the sailor with his staff, and a regular row ensued ; other felon and free constables came up, and the heavy she-oak batons were used with vio- lence truly disgraceful ; indeed so much that a District Constable told some other janizaries to interfere, and not let the sai- lors be murdered. Our readers can easily guess the sequel, the sailors were taken to the watch-house, and the following morn- ing, fined five shillings for being drunk aud disorderly ; of course, it was needless to make any complaint about the conduct of the felons at the Police Office – and here the matter ended. Jack "forking out" his five bobs, and calling the Colony a d——d place, and the people a d——d set of villians. Verily, this Colony will soon become celebrated for exraordinary laws, not only among sea-faring men, but others also." " To the Editors of the Sydney Herald "GENTLEMEN.— What do you think of the following letter, picked up yester- day at the top of Hunter-street ? "Newcastle Gaol August 24, 1835. " ' DEAR FRIEND – I take the leave of writing to you, to let you know that I have got into trouble, at present being in Newcastle Gaol ; and, Dearest Friend, I hope you will be so good as to send me as much money as you can get me, until I fee a Lawyer ; and, Dearest Friend, I hope you won't de- ceive me, for, if I don't get a Lawyer, along with my evidence, I will have a great chance of life. Both of us is in trouble at present, fetch the money to me or send it directly. " ' No more at present, but remain, " ' Yours till Death, "' * * * * " Who the parties are, I cannot make out, but they appear to be one Irish con- vict servant writing to another, on some grazing establishment up the Hunter. "———." The above is one of those paltry at- tempts at annoyance, to which those only resort who are vainly endeavouring to support a sinking cause ; or to attain to an object of which, with all their effrontery they are heartily ashamed. Did the writer of this farrago of untruths, think the flimsy veil with which he strove to hide the ulterior object he had in view, could not be easily penetrated, notwith- standing the fact he has displayed in the art of mystification ? It so, we tell him he deceived himself, and we further tell him that it is our firm belief that the let- ter was not picked up at the top of Hun- ter-street, but that it was composed and written in the very office where it was printed and published. Such base inu- endoes and attempts to prejudice the character of an efficient public officer, from a mere feeling of party spirit, are as disgracetul to the authors as innoxious to the object of their malice. THE THEATRE.— Shakspeare's tragedy of Macbeth has been performed three times during the present week. The attempt was a bold one, for perhaps there are few or none of the author's plays which re- quire a greater degree of personal exer- tion to render the performance of them effective, than that of Macbeth. It is, however, but just to say, that the perfor- mance on the whole, was far superior to that which we anticipated it would have been. Simmons's " Macbeth," Mackay's " Banquo," and Knowles's " Macduff," ranked first in point of correctness and ability, particularly that of " Banquo." Mrs. Taylor appeared in the character of "Rosse," and in the affecting interview with " Macduff" and " Malcolm," she acquitted herself in a manner highly cre- ditable to herself and satisfactory to the audience. We cannot say much in praise of Miss Douglas's " Lady Macbeth;" but it is a very difficult character, and Miss D. is evidently labouring under indispo- sition. The scene where the spirits pass before " Macbeth" was well managed, as was also the banquet scene, where the ghost of the murdered " Banquo" occu- pies the King's seat at the festive board. Of the witches we say nothing, only that the garment of one of them was rather too short for the legs ; or the legs too long for the garment. The dresses and scenery reflect credit on the Manager — indeed the representation altogether was much better than might have been ex- pected. We are given to understand that MAJOR — greatly enraged at his late de- feat, has magnanimously vowed that he will not leave in Sydney, a single edu- cated prisoner, whether ticket of leave or otherwise, but that he will ferret them all out — root and branch. We congratu- late the MAJOR on the honorary and honourable employment he has chosen to himself. We are assured that a represen- tation is about to be made to Doctor Lang, to the effect that if he does not retract his Colonist sentiments regarding Mr. Laidley, his congregation will de- monstrate their opinion of him by retiring from his church. This may be relied upon with certainty. We have had too much of this fellow's scurrility. Neither age nor sex will exempt them from his abominable impudence. We are told that so fixed is the deter- mination of several great men connected with the late summary jurisdiction en- quiry, to carry into effect the " pet" dis- tinction between the free and the freed, that several magisterial merchants have declared their intention of having affixed in golden letters over the door of their warehouses and stores, a notification to the effect, that for the future no dealing, whatever shall be transacted between them and the emancipated convicts, even to the third and fourth generation, for that they are " entirely independent," either directly or indirectly, of any such intercourse. The Sydney Herald has, perhaps, come to a similar determination, seeing it has called them " independent thieves." A petition accompanied by affidavits, is about to be laid before the Governor regarding three of the magistracy and their late proceedings ; and praying that His Excellency will prevent, by suitable regulations, similar indecent displays to those which must lower the office of jus- lice, when Judges assume all the func- tions of hired advocates, and insult the good sense of the country. The centre room of the Australian Col- lege buildings is to be filled up, we hear, with all speed, in order to celebrate the forthcoming dramatic piece entitled, " Mary and the Major." The Scotch Pope is intended to be a sponser. We shall thus have the Kirk — the " devil's" den — the playhouse — and the College as next door neighbours, not omitting the butter warehouse of Andra and the lodging gratuitously given to a man's wife, "for selling the Ballyback butter of the Hunter! ' Mr. M'Lean of the Botanical Gardens, proceeds to Norfolk Island as Superin- tendent of Agriculture, in the room of Mr. M'Leod. Those to whom Mr. M'Lean is known, will admit that his ex- perience of the Colony excellently qualify him for this office. Mr. Anderson as- sumes the siluation of Superintendent of the Gardens, and brings considerable knowledge into play. It is falsely stated in the Australian that Mr. Lamb suggested that Watt's in- dulgence should be cancelled. He merely moved that "' the Bench intimate to His " Excellency that it was elicited in evi- " dence that muster under the old regu- " lations had been neglected." It would then, he said, lie with the Governor to accept of any explanation should such be offered. The late Police affair is dramatising for the Sydney stage. It would be in wretched taste to allow so memorable an incident to slide off without profit to some one. The finale is intended to display the Major in the act of inspecting Mary's " little" Major, said to have been born with spectacles and a ruddy face. Wc beg to call the attention of the proper authorities, to the dirty state of the reporters' box, at the police-office. It really is disgraceful. We much doubt, whether a broom, or duster ever touches it. 