Original Poetry. Sicelides musæ paulo majora canamus. Come my muse with rapid wing, Each poetic treasure bring, Bring a wreath of myrtle flowers, From Parnassus shady bowers, Lilies from Castalian streams, Radiance from Apollo's beams, And every hue which Eden shows From the deepest blush of the ruddy rose To the purest white of Alpine snows. Bring the rose for maidens cheek, Bring the wreath for Hero's brows, The sweets of Paradise bespeak, The sounds of heavenly choirs arouse. Mount the "bow that spans the storm," Here let all bright colors teem, And with thee we'll try to form A song that's worthy of our theme. Now away to yonder bowers Whence those sounds of mirth arise, For no terrestrial sorrow low'rs O'er that earthly paradise. Virgins there with rapid feet, The mazes of the dance explore, And hearts in secret silence beat With joys they never knew before. First and foremost in the throng Moves a stately knight along; Around him many a beauty smiles, The daughters of far distant Isles; On him two stately Spaniards wait In splendid garbs, and gently state Before the general of all the forces The disposition of the first and second courses. What form is that that meets our wondering eyes-- Do ghosts before our mortal vision rise? Who can that be, that mighty, handsome he gent? Sure 'tis the shade of the departed Regent; A different uniform he wears 'tis true, He shines, resplendent in an azure blue; And many a costly gem and order decks, The "chaste admirer of the female sex." But one alas! The favor'd of the fair, A Highland chief, wherefore is he not here? Regardless of those twain Arcadian nightingales Warbling in concert to the peaceful vales, Where Hunter's stream with Pages may combine, And form a spot grateful to all the nine. 'Twas not his wont in dalliance to delay, When the rich music pour'd the joyous lay, And the inviting card forwarn'd the festive day. Now a different strain prepare, To celebrate that Irish air; What has set them all a-going, 'Tis that rich tide of music flowing. Whether Erin will or no, Round and round she now must go On the "light fantastic toe," For St. Patrick draws the bow. Draws the beaux and draws the bell, And Pluto's self is drawn from Hell, Trying to penetrate that quaint disguise, Lest happly Orpheus might again arise, Again to steal Euridice away To the cheering light of upper day. In that crowd a form I view, With ringlets decked, and clad in blue, A Being too of most uncommon look, But never for a Page to be mistook. It is not one of your dull cold realities, But rather stolen from Hoods comicalities; If not, I'd swear by each and every God it is From a collection prigged of ancient oddities. A riddle now canst thou unfold? Then listen to my song— Those pins in silk, of heavenly mould, To whom do they belong? A Scottish archer's dress he wears, Tho' Richmond claims him as her own; For so a blundering paper swears— A truth we ne'er before had known. Now pity wakes the touching lays, And sorrows voice is heard again; A broom girl for compassion prays, In a most pathetic strain. Tho' again the dance begins, She does not move her nimble pins, She heeds not, hears not, both her eyes and heart Are far in Parramatta streets away; She recks not of that lost quadrille or Part— Ne'er there; but in that town her cottage lay, And there her dam Bavarian all the day Lay floored, beneath indisposition's part, And she had left her to these halls to stray, Thinking, perhaps, to take her home a tart, Or, that the sale of brooms the doctor's bill might pay. To be concluded in our next. ^TMioB-ATiyo'E-MrcnANTS.— We advise the bubble ' -morigrring Australian schemers to send for the. tw- hundred and fifty men, women, and children, wUi returned the other day to their nntive homes, and le them tell their artless and honest tides of tnis'enibli «xpericnce since . they quitted England. , Such ai exhibition us that at Kreter Hall would perhaps b- the means not only of preventing nny further victi mizihg, but of making even *n joint stock gang o broad-brims blush, and raise themselves to the mill -if men and Christinns. We - have over and ovei again exposed the madness, of men taking theii wives, and- children, and all they possess, into any .foreign country, with tlie view of settling in towni 'abounding wit li thieves of a worse character thai any they leave behind, or else of planting, them' selves down in n wilderness .abounding with pre ^adamite trees, serpents, an« mu'aquitoes. At present t#e advise those who are returnprt from .their attempti iit nation-making to publish their 'experience; nnc for the sake of unmasking saintly humbug, and b doing real good to bur countrymen, and ' will rendei ;them all the assistance in our power. ? ??' ' The Costbrmongers in Trouble — . Thomas Carter, ? .costermonger, .-well known about Westminster for- neier being seen mounted on his donkey without a short pipe jh hit ..rrioiitfi ; find, William Mend, alias Skinner, another picker-tip of -umall trifles, were plnced at the bur, before Mr. White, on Thursday, charged with stealing from, the shop of Mr.Slinijer, of Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea, several bun dles Of mounted walking sticks. It appeared from the evidence, that a little girl saw the two prisoners together on the previous evening, very near to the pro secutor's «liop, when one of them entered the shop, brought out the stick*, and gave them to his companions, and they both; ran awny together . Information of the robbery was immediately given at the ?tnttnn- Jmuse, and j^f,r. [Banister,, the ;inppectcr,'dis. ' covered part of the walking sticks hid in a room in Caetle- yrrd, and in the course of the evening both prisoners were appre hended. . . : Mr.. While — What have,, you got to say '?*o. the charpe ! ? , : ? , ?: ; ?,?..:?- ? - 'Garter — Vy. your Vortship, ? it wasn't me wot did. it.— 1' vouldn't go to do sich a thing*,' aiid os to this here gemmen here wot they calls my pall, vy I'm blessed : if3 iver I Bucil him aTore in all my born days, and as to these sticks vpt; use votijH they .be to me ; if so Ue now they ^had been hash' slicks, yy then people might.a spected -me, cause vy ? cauise they vouldliave done lo have vopt thy 'doiikey yith.'-biit -as to these here slicks they be n;,t of, no manner of use to a don key ; land that is jist my defence upon this werry hawk ward business like.' - ? -. ? Mead was not so eloquent in his defence, and iiimply protrstcd his innocence. Mr. White fully committed them both for trial! \ , ' ' . ' ,.:Wr. Carlile und Parson Taylor have had a serious quarrel. In a lecture, delivered by the latter a few. evenings since he made some severe strictures' on the character of Air. Cnrlilo. The latter, incensed, at this conduct, told some truths of Mr. Taylor, who applied tho epithet 'coward' to his ?accuser. Mr. Carlile retorted by delivering a heavy hit on the parson's /«# who quit ted the room in' disgrace. '' '' ]' ' stxsTAMPED Newt papers.— :Our bre thren of the' broad sheet are 'in -a blessed, quandary — quite a dilemma. But what is death to them is sport to us;- ? -Ve,rem-mber \an anecdote told of old Jemmy Wood, the rich banker at Glocester, which pleased ux, and. we relate it to please our readers. At the time there was a run-on all the banks in his neighbourhood, the old boy, rubbed his handstand observed, !.'. Ay, -ay ;..tjiero will be but one bank by and by :'r-r-.yhich words some good natured. friend .repented to. one of tlie bankers who was hardly pressed, and on demanding an explanation the old boy rubbed his hands again, and observed to him, **,Dont-;be angry^— peri haps I shall, break,. and then, perhaps there will be only yQU.'_ NowMhe, Age'i* tlih 'Jemmy Wood', of the. Press ;, aud., we verily believe there wM be only, one news paper by and by — and judging of the igno rance of our contemporaries, wo - really think there ought lo be but one. Ecce signum. . i : , . . . 