\--+-+-- The Colonial Times. The last number of this Journal afforded much matter for pleasant converse and meditation to the Head of the " Penal Coercion Prosperity," and his Pound- keeper Philosopher. He has first brought under his notice the anticipated pro- ceedings in Parliament, on the case of Mr. Bryan, with a reminder of the inju- ries inflicted on that gentleman. and the. illegal trial of Mr. Lewis, with his illegal withholding of Trial by Jury from the inhabitants of this devoted Province— then the pleasant announcement of a Commission to enquire into his conduct, and the measures by which he has ruined this fine Territory— next comes some far- ther accounts of the progress of privi- leged perjury amongst the felon Police, with the extraordinary proceedings of his housekeeper's brother, an assistant Police Magistrate, in finfing a respect- able inhabitant, on the evidence of a felon of bad character, and then tearing up the information presented to him against that fejon for perjury, and subsequently dis- missing a charge of perjury supported by four respectable witnesses. Then comes a fearful instance of the effects of His Excel- lency's system, in stimulating the assassin and incendiary against the lives and pro- perty of the unoffending inhabitants ; and the recital of a case where a felon convicted of a similar intention against his master, is taken from a chain gang, and made a conservator of the peace ! The case of this man, who was an assigned servant to a Settler, at the Black Brush, ought to be brought under the particular notice of the Secretary of State, by a number of the respectable in- habitants. We will make a special re- port of it to Mr. Hume, by the Lang, so that it may meet Colonel Arthur in England. His Excellency has next brought under his notice the effects of his system on the King's Regiment sta- tioned here. The Courier says, " Now it is curious that there are perhaps no troops in the British service better con- ducted than those at present in the Ho- bart Town Garrison" We have said the same as regards their intercourse with the inhabitants, and it is therefore passing strange, that amongst these well-con- ducted troops, there should have been more Courts Martial and punishments while in this Garrison, than there had been for the preceding 18 years in the same Regiment. Does not this clearly shew the sad effects of removing the ex- perienced officers from Head- quarters, and leaving the discipline of the Regi- ment, and the judgment of offenders to in- experienced youths. We find that there is only one CAPTAIN in the garrison amongst six companies ; and is it not still more frightful, that every criminal case, affect- ing the lives, liberty, and character of the oppressed free Inhabitants of this Colony, is to be decided by a Jury, notonly of Mi- litary Officers, but of boys ? We have in this Gaol a fearful instance of a conviction by those young Gentlemen. We have hi- therto abstained from noticing the parti- culars of this case, at the earnest request of the sufferers ; for such is the dreadful effect of the system of terror, that many people believe that communicating their complaints to this Journal would be the means of bringing down upon them fur- ther inflictions. But our duty to the Public will not suffer us to be any longer deterred by such a consideration, from fully exposing the case to which we al- lude ; for we were in Court at the trial, and are perfectly acquainted with all the circumstances. The state of this Garri- son, in respect to Officers, ought imme- diately to be brought under the notice of Parliament, in connection with the sys- tem of trial in the Supreme Court by Military Commission, in place of a Civil Jury. His Excellency, has also had the ghosts of the Aborigines made to pass in review before his mind. Do the spectres not whisper to him in dreadful accents, " We shall meet you in the House of Commons." Verily, we envy not the feelings of His Excellency. His Honduras Adminis- tration on the 20th, Mr. Bryan's case on the 25th, Mr. Lewis's to follow imme- diately ; and we can assure His Ex- cellency that if our communications, public and private, had reached Mr. Hume, there never was a case came be- fore Parliament from a distant Colony, where the Members were better provided with materials whereon to found, an en- quiry. We feel very confident that the day of retribution is at hand ; for we have unbounded faith in that authority which said, " That the cry of the oppressed shall not for ever come up in vain." 