P O L I C E SPORT- , . j Minda}/. xHlay l$ih „ . Elupbe )| Htoris, "I'ie.rce Dervy, and Jam e lYt.fifipil each for "drunkenness.- Jjainea Hiilin", "was tfcarged nonstable ti'^ir/ wiili iiiinK bad laiigfiage, atid fined 6s. Jaine«'FiH. wait.charged. Will jdiuakeooess, „nd. Resniljlitig -const ab'e Josephs, .Hcwas fito-a 5a. for duinVenriess. • Willniiu' , 1vi»»r..' Bn«l James K-efe, -were <-hu°getl vtiBier the Cilice Act, with rambling ,l,e street; having no 'pais or authority firuni. ilif Captain of the ship Sp-rice, lowhieh jh»y, admonished anil diaclHiccd.' ' • * " *; timnuel Lovell, was committed to thr House of Cutreolion.aaapide'i'iddisorder/y person upon tlieoatiicf Mr, Swill and an .ther. Frederick Osborne^ was" admonished having bppn found diunk ,r uri Mr. lJut.nV premises at New'I'oWll.J." i'.Ji. Mr. William Mollis, • of the, Hobirl, Inn. tppeared , lo.alieW cayse why sixty gallons of jiii which Imd lieen fu izrd by the onn«table» B! having !»>»'• smuggled, should not b» roiidenined slid sold H^ir and informer. - Oidered to he sold, but detained, Mr. Gellibrand having given iiotioe of appeal. , Twsday, May 26/A. Thomas Wil iams,'and J.isepli Saunders, tore exiniiMed a< to "their situation, it ..-being •u.p.c'Mj, .a* liic-lr master tva, in gafil, were not llud r pnijier ooolroul. It appeared tbev Wert-, and "ere returned JO their J-etvice. William I'Wnd, Yi da^s to'tlie triad, wheel for iliunkennr-fl^ " Th.imos.Olegg, removed,to"ForlArtiiur for absconding, , • John Moore, ordered 50 lashes, and returned lo (lit HuU, for absconding. William Blackburn, supposed to bite been concerned with JohnWhitiaker. aod Kichird llanliu, in plundeiins-Mr. Glos'.er, lite baker, a,f divers mticl' 3. Wliiltaker's ticket su«- jiirultd. Ike other two to hard Inb'ir. I)ani-1 Griffith", was ordered lo the Stocks, in default of payment of 5a. Inr drunkenness. SJagaret Holding* ticket of leave suspended for thr.-e dya, lur.diu'ikemiess. Mr. Hardy, of the sliip Sp-nce, was charged witb nnn paMnent of uue of bis barora' eg. Cisc dismissed. Wednesday, May 27th. Mary H«nnis Hi, Jnsrpb IJailon, Micliarl C<«iiiy. and Henry Collry, Wt-ie fined 6s. each fur drunkenness. David Hiiinjitirey; seaman of 1 IK Lang, 1-1 days liaid Utmr, for m'^leut of duty. Cd\r <»i Kutidge, 7 days bread aod water, for diniikellness. 'Iliumas Wlirai'and, was charged by Mr Peichej . withbr'-Kcti of whalinir articles, under tlie iirw a<-.t in Mich jCaAeti. di»iuis«ed. Cliarlnite Clia|>iiiHiij Sarali Wood, ar d Char, lolte VVratli.il,. uere nil ordered tu find sun-nea Inr tlirir lu ure 1 '^oml bell iviour, and keep (be piac>- timar-ls ail peisnin. • William Wi-liu*ii*an, was nh»rged with assaultiug Hnptoii Scull, the Clerk of the Marlet. There vta* not the &|.glttent gmund tor tllii clial'Ki-, and ilr. Nomt Has Warned , on Jus iirst "ppenrance at (Ilia office, tu appear viilli clean hands. Joseph Jasper, and William Wiggins, having lietn V stialiig, Hi-re now oidi-rt-d ;o Lain labour, Ann Milet-^niund orer for lief bebarioor liiiVMit called Kally ljrea ber nrghbour, uastj IVillium Cole wai BRain cumioed and re iiisndid lip-in die clia'g- nf rmirdt-nm; 'be B>an nainfil Lowe, ut itiu I\a Tree Eiu.lt. The h'ldy lias been since loniid, and id Tue pii.-ner lu'iliri'- reminded and taken in rimmdy to iliv -pjace fcbvi'e tlie l.i dr lies, f Jniu, Wij^ln wa'» fully coninineil fur trial, fill (tealiig- «I) o*, tlie properly of Mr. Ilranfi- Ctpiitie. William Friend, nim.nitled for fttr'her en- Bli'ialiiin. On a clu gc of rmVzzlellltlil. William Maj-naid arid William U nines, rliargrd wi h aiing wood, ibe property of Jolm Ridley. Pi«r barged lor want of proof. Increase of Specie jn tub Uni. TED States—When' Mr. lSenlou made his perch on tlie introduction uf Mr. Taney's Tieaiury Kepoit of the llth of Ju'te—that r. |inii which drove the ghost of alarm from the Cliamber of the Senate—liefMr. UeiitonJ thoived from the Cui-tcm house returns jibe g"'at Dud retui.ir increase of specie aliicll was taking lilace ill the Uniled Siate« ; and which then amnunted, for the year 1833 and the first half »l 18i4, to near 2U,OOt) OJU dollars. Authentic 'cc .u-.ts, since roinuiuoicaitd to the Si-oute, w that the iooteuse is still going on as rapttily as ever. On tlie 30th of June, being the ast day of the se»sinn Mr. Benton presented lo the Senate another statement of (he imports mil eipoits of specie, which bad been rei»'dai the Treasury Department since the I'll day of June, The a^gugale imports for Ills brief peliod, 19 days, were 2,l6G,700 dot- 's, ail.I ill" exports i75,V!l9 dollars, besidts mtcaiue by passeiig.is, and uhicli is noi 1-red in the Ciistoni hooee books. The clear intuusf, tlieiefure. Lave exceeded 2 0U0,VCQ ilars—m iinjiri cedeu ed ani.iuul, and look-ng I'most like an iotet pisition ol providei ce lu ave the people of the Uoited^'tates fioill ,the r ious and utfaiious coiiduct ol the Kink of Uni'id Slates, which is now hoarding about 3.000,000 of t-peoie, and might have acenm- Ilisl.ed her diabolical policy uf disttessiog the '"unity, breaking ,i„, £ta,e |jotits, h»d it "'I been for this gieut and providential supply ifuuie than SJO.OOU.UOO of baid money ie- "Ittd lioni foreign conniiies.- Calcutta JouitNAi. Repobt,— 'be Hej orl uf ltesnltilift'na »greed l» by lit Ccnntitlee «j| I lie IJ Die of Com- «'i)ibis tKl jffJ. mt ZJ follr,»» : — 1\. Tliat it »p|:i and lo your Committee tl.at Hi. Ilurhin|.luni letidid in Uei'gal flora the -'r Iblb to under a lirense of lite Ksst di" Ci-mj fcny ,ai.d vtaa ei^agedas principti "P'ie oi t.i.d eoitor ol tl.e Cncalta Jouual, l.t.h waul,,.,, a highly pi. li'ab'e cimoirn, t ltiini: lo Innmlf ti.d li e i.tlnf pr.piiilors a life ni'iiral jrcmi.e. i. '1 but it eppiarrd lo <«t ( in.imtiee lltat in the jtar 18'.3, in Hie incite of Hie 4ifcn ii. n Test.d in the Goni'"r Gisntl, Mr. lluikir gbijn was, by the ttiig Goteuoi CmtmljO it.nd to quit India 'iiliin i»o n < mils. S. 'Hat ita|pia>ed to till Ct nniiiii,Ci thai Slur the d parttnc «il l r - iiltikii^|„.iu Item Ji.cia. the Calcutta U'r.al Was, by c,der ,1 ibe Gcviii'T Ge-- lal, alu.gtiber sutpKHscd. 4. That jour j t.uiuiitlee? ivitUut. impeguiog tie nmiives i •MMtet»tlM.*h» mpijurea nf the G vera iuens.leel Ibat I lose neaiarei hire. ,"„ thrf, cniis.qnencea proved )n Mr. Bncki„gl1Bm .,nd , '"""If J»fi.al In a degtee wbfo'i could not Urclwui comtmpUt/d at iltfe tiiuc of ^heir acnpiion. Ibat your oommilt.e ,RrB, there. lf>rer«M optninn ibat eompeusatioll ii0»ht lo be •«nale lo Mr Mucking,..,,. 6. That tonr ton. •nnj « attain f.„,D , jrprcsHii^ any: opitli„n :aii to Jlie ainnuol compewsaii,,,,. iniibi liBfiflli.t ibn-Tibject »i)l be 4*k«>ii (tnlo' lb*-- cona.ion of ibe Em India Company, and lil ts tile lulerposiiion of pailiament, in the Iteit seasi'M, tu fix audi anicnut, be rendered -ttnnpoessary. . . • - : :-t ; Abolition of Slaveby. — Tie present situation of NegiroM in the Eng'isli Coloni^B will g.thertd from •he following lt»diog protisions of the Act for the Abolition of Slavery throaebout the B'itirb Dumioion.:: _ • 1- " Tliat all Jpfrsons who, August, 1831, ?»li«ll have b.en regi.i.red a. Sla.es. »„d »hall appear on t|.e regi,,trv tu he MX y«ar» old or op^aids, shall from t'bst iia'y become apprenticed labourers to the persons then entitle.t loiiieirsenioes as alares. 2\. TJiatall slaves liioiigln into lite Uniled h-injidow Willi conseut of (lieir pussejhom, tlm|| be absolutely frte. 3, That cprrenliced labourers be dir'dfd titlo il.iee c a»s. «,tia. p ictUI. ailacbed >.» the tiiey "Oil. and Ojuipriaiiif nil ,|ave, u>mlly employed in apiculture, «„ in the rnanu'acture ot any eolunirtl produce, or otherwise, uiim '(andn^il.t bel..ngin« to ilieir iiOTemj pitediSI apprentieed labourers ti'ltft'achfd to ,.Uie. js..il, -nJ mmprtsini! all «l«ve»u.ml|y employtd Jn agriculture, or in ibe in .nafaettira ••foulouial produce, or otherwise, u|ion lands nut belonging lo their owners ; nVn r,i®dial appieniieed labourers, nnd compriain^ all sppienticed labiiorers nn included :«iibiii either of the two prcoeding classes ; but no persun of tlie. age .of twelve years and upwaids •ball, by virnie of any act of Assembly, Ordinance, or order in Counifil, b» included in either>uf the said two c ass-a of piffidial ap|).enticed lebouiers, unless for t*e!ve cal-.ndar Biaaths at feast next before this act, IiabiiualU etnp'ojed in'agriculture, or in ibe manufaeture ot colonial produce. 4 and o. 'l int apprentice,hip of all ptffilial lahuureis »i.t to continue beyond the In of August, liJO; nor bis hours of labour to exceed forty live in one week ; noi the apprenticeship of the non-praHial l .liouiers to continue beyond the 1st of Atiati-t. 1838. 6\. Befort the apprenticeship is expired, the Isltuiirer utay he discharge.! «t the voluntary act oftlis employer ; bat ili obarged laiiourers fiftv years old, or iufi.iiu, are lo be supp titeJ. 7\. Apprenticed labourer " may purchase his discharge, against t|i= will of his employer, on an appraisement, tu lie regulated by audi acta of Assembly, Ordinance, or orders in Couricif, as lliefrinsticr mentioned. 8\. Appienliced labourers not removtble fiom the colony. Fitcdial apprentice.! labouteis not reuiovalili froin the phutati in, except b) conait.t of t«,o special justices, which is not 'o be ' g V<|| until they have as;ertained that the re- •U'-val «ill not (Operate the members of f». i tuiUce. t 0\. night lo the services of apprenticed la. i l*ou11 rs lo be liautfeisble propeilyj but no j libourerah.il be separated from Lis vtife and ch.ld. 10\. Employer to supply tlie labourer with tucli food, iio. as llieu required in the ciss of slaves ; ami where i|)e pue llal labourer shall be rn..iiiii)iiied by the cjiritaiion nt' proviaion (jround, a proper quantity of ground, with lei. sure time, aha'l be s>el apait by lite employer. 11\. Subject t) llie oh ligations imposed hereby, all naves Jn Iroin tlie I-tuK August, 1U31. 12\. Cbildien ke^ow lite age of six, on tlta 1st uf August, 1834, or born after thst time lo any female apprentice, if destitute, may bi bouod out by any special magistrate ; but Ibe apprentice must be under ten years ef age. aod is only to be bound until twenty one ; and his employer most allow reasonable time and opportunity for bis education and religious jinstiuction " 