MISS KELLY. Miss Kar.LY hag taken her leave of the stage. It appears that in the rage for novelty, or the decline of legitimnate taste, li greatest actress of our age wasp to us the common but expressive term, shelved. She shared her destiny with Dowton, the most natural actor that any living play goer remembers. honour to the ne glected ! - They carr~y with them into pri vate life the admiration and regret of the whole public, including even that ungrate ful part of it which treated their singular merits with comparative indifference. I3ut, perhaps, we are wrong in liying` so much fault at the door of the good-natured pub lic; possibly some of the blame may rest with the managers. It is a fact attested in the theatrical cir cirhby coYrretent- witnesstis-tbat-neither Dowton nor Miss Kelly were, in the tech nical sense, attracttve. They didn't draw -they could not go down into provinces like Miss Foote or Harley, or Liston, and carry whole towns.by storm, sailors, opera tives, and all. In short, they never at tained that sort of celebrity ,wch h ronsti utes, in the language of the green-room, what is called a star. Miss Kelly was not a star. Shl had achieved, it is true, what may be termed an European reputation; she was known wherever the British drama was known ; common fame awarded her :he highest bonqurs in her profession; it wai admitted that she had creawed a new style, and discovered, as it sere, a new vein in nature ;4Jet for alLthis Miss Kell) was advertised in vain, for " Wapping 'would not cote." *The audience wherever she played, confessed themselves in the presence of a superior genius-they felt the influence of her mind in every thing she . said, in every motion, every tine- they were moved to te'tra, and provoked to laughter by turns-they went away with impressions that no distance of time can oaliterate;-yet-Miss Kelly had so little of the vulgar charms of the stage about her, that she never succeeded in Striking thg multitude en ma.sse. . .-Individuals always admired her.; you could not meet any per son in dsciety who did not speak of her penagyrices; yet, when . you Came to bring them tnjether, you round tbast there was no such thing ae ewectaml It popular uovement. Miss Kelly was unt- vereally talked of as a fine actress.-- It be? came a sort of criical, sentimenltin the frtshion41 le world to praise Iliss Kelly ; yet .sa Iel).wined. in Nie s ,.S ofthbe treasurer of the th tea fize be 5r eý ter, who played Lady Teazte by rote; 'Shi was treated by the public as the canaile't treat delicate' wines; she was spoken well of, as a matter of taste-but people in finitely preferred gin and bitters. This being the case, the managers, Who think the value of a thing Is just the money it will bring. did not care, to give opportunities for the display of Miss Kelly's genius. They al ways go with the tide, and never venture upoini a spctciltioneagiabst ke tti'ithi Monsieur the ourang outrang, who could crawl up a tree like a lizard, and crack cocoa nuts with his teeth, and roll himself into a ball, like the mysterious visitor in Vathek, was worth a dozen Miss Kellys, if he brought money to the doors. We do not blame managers for their partiality to the ourung outrang ; but we blame then) for -nit trying also whether a great actress, priperly supported, might not be rendered useful to the funds of the theatre. The worst of the managers is, th;t they will not run any risk for the sake of pure excel lence-but they will go to the utmost ex treaws to push meretricious talent into notoriety. Whilst M\iss Kelly might ha. e been delightinc the town in a wide range of. characters, Mr.. Dent'ill, puffed in-cal i" tals and notes.of interjection, was playing night after night to audiences that yawned, wondered, and dwindled down to nothing. There was ample room for her in the large house; but the modern policy of the stage -of 'hich we shall have something more at large to say hereafter-is in favour of a working company that can bustle with fa >~awlh~h usizi~s to e. without any reference to those nice shades of character that require such a cost of thought and time, and so much expendi ture of intellect. This fatal utility, which has crushed Miss Taylor for ever, by sa crificing her to a conventional style, was a great convenience to the mianagement, and, appeared to all intents and purposes to answer all the wishes of the public Miss Kelly, therefore, was not wanted ; and Dowton was getting old, and his school was going out. The mechan cal band, that had been educated within the lamps, from the cow in Tom Thumb up to the ghost in Hunilet, were the sores cards for the treasury. They cost little or nothing, and they knew their bus nets. It is to be lamented that such an actress as Miss Kelly should have been banished from the stage by any circumstances, but most of all by the subs itution of a vicious taste. The charm of her manner lay in its truth, its-simplicity, its natural grace, its unaffected earnestness. Who dues not re member her in the Maid and the Magpie's. With what thrilling r ality she proc.ested her innocence ! and so affected he raudience Sthat she produced a sensation upon the public mind which has rarely been paral? leMed. She facinated without effort. There was a certain 1;aielIe always pltying abont her that rendered her comedy- indesetiba 'bly- humcurous-;-you-could-not-teILhosw the effect was produced, for she appeared tnberaqt-crelass-gabuult- nd ou }et.1 that it was all like a scene at home-la miliar, downright. and actual. Miss Kelly's figure is remarkably beautitul; ptrfect in all its proportions ; it moves with inimxita ble gr..ce-not the grace of some haught) Diana, who gets her full length drawn with a' brace of fox hounds, or some icy beauty, who looks as if she thought to be trans ferred to stone; but the free grace of un consciousness, unrestrained by premtedita< tion, and suggesting at every turn so.ne domestic memory, some snatch of true and universal nature. The casual observer felt this but never saw it. There was Miss Kelly making her tniletperhaps, or spreud- I ing out a ru-tic supper, or making a cat;, I or seteing a room to rights-it wan all so easy, so life- likethat no body thought about ' irtsand-wefe-waiting-fur an excite n ti something to fIlow. It was the same all throughout her acting, whether she imperson .ted the romping awkwardness and hoist-rous mirth of the hoyden, the lisjiing ignorance of the rustic, time tawdry vulgarity of the city lady, super refinement of the chamber-mnaid, or the touching sor rows of one of those heroines of that minor drama wvhich she may be said tt0 hate formed by the furce of her own con ceptions, hfnd the fecility with which sheI carried themrinto effect. The only actress who can be comnppred with lisis Kelly for justneas of her delineations is, Made mnoiseile]\srs.,_wo, eain into genteel comegly-in which had it not been flirlii" mere want ot that character of face which the Ideal seems to demand in such parts Miss Kelly seems to have .excelled-has established herself in a region in which she is, as ye:r'-unapproachatble. In all other parts-the ludicrous and the pathetic-she and Miss Kelly, may be esteemed to take co-eqtuah rank. V.e must confess, how ever, that Miss Kelly always appeared to us to have more grace, while Madlle. Mars had more' elegance; that the one captivated by the exquisite beauty of her manner, the other by the imposing charms of her person, they wdre both excellent, and, poisibl~y, we prefer that with which we chance to he the more familiar. Lau'y in the lieggar's.Opera, the Country Wj/e of Wycherley, transformed into the Co'<n r~q Girt; Kitty, in (iarrick's farce of High. Life Below Stairs;3 Nell, in the Devil to Pay;s Letliia Hardy. in A Bold Stroke for a llusbuiad ; Miss Hlardcastle in Ste. Stoops 'to Conquer, and numerous other such cha racters were, probably, never represen ted 'with such truth as Miss Kelly threw into them. 11er humour* was of the 'richest anid mo~st irirepjressible kind;s it never io you on the sudden 'like a piece of. stage 'thick1 but was born of. the occasion, ma herent to the' charoacter, nat fluted likle an naqt~tomed garment. In the serious range of minor plays, such as the Sergeazt's I Wife, the Bhand Bore, in which Miss Kelly Sainy at~oi pi~cdth'e-dungerous fCat'of 4lzing her eyes, as it ia calledy throughout the 'performance, the Maid of the Inn, tsnd several slight, but 'touching pieaes founded' 'on Ennim's tales, she was alone. That kdomanin of feeling was sacred to her genius. Bat we 'are writing about her as if she had heft the .stage, which we hopec is. not the ease. [Hr powers are in their pirse. It is understood that she is about to opeii a small theatre, either as a school of acting, or with a view to some expriment con nected with the drama "We hope to wel come her back to the beards ngnin, and in that hope shall reserve to aniotber oppor tunity a more accurate anatysis of her merits.--- London paper. 