lu.TE3TETvTCl.ICH NEWS. IMPORTANT! From the Van Diemen's Land papers received yesterday, by the Mic Mac, we learn the arrival at Hobart Town of the ship Waterloo from Portsmouth, the 20th November, which bring intelligence of the total breaking up of the Whig ministry. For the following particulars we are indebted to our Hobart Town contemporaries. The death of Earl Spenser, which took place on the 10th of November, and whereby Lord Althorp has been called to the Upper House, is said to have led to the breaking up of the late Ministry. On Saturday the 15th of November, Lord Melbourne had audience of the King at Brighton, and candidly explained to His Majesty the difficulty, if not impossibility of carrying on the Government in the absence of Lord Althorp as Chancellor of the Exchequer, and leader of the House of Commons, and that a dissolu- tion of the Cabinet, on or before the meeting of Parliament, was inevitable.' It is asserted that His Majesty, acting under the influence of the Queen, has been long anxious to dismiss the Whigs from his councils, and that he availed himself of this declaration of Lord Melbourne, as a fitting opportunity to effect the desired object. However that may have been, the result of his Lordship's interview was, that he himself was cousin tuted the bearer of a letter from the King the Duke of Wellington, commanding his presence, to undertake the formation of a new Ministry," and to carry on the whole Government pro tempore. His Majesty also issued his commands to all the Cabinet Ministers to attend him on the Monday following, and deliver up their seals of office, which they did accordingly, to His Majesty in Council, at 2 o'Clock of that day and at 3 o'Clock, another Council was held, at which the Duke of Wellington was appointed First Lord of the Treasury, and Secretary of State for the Home Department, and had delivered to him the seals of office of the whole of the other Cabinet Ministers. "The custody of the Great Seal was bestowed by his Grace on Lord Lyndhurst, that learned Lord being also, at the time, Chief Baron of the Exchequer. Thus was the whole government of the country . vested, for a period, in the hands of the Duke of Wellington - it being understood that nothing definitive could be effected, as to the formation of a new Ministry till the return to England of Sir Robert Peel, who was then in Italy, and to whom an express was immediately despatched. What arrangements had been made up to the sailing of the Waterloo had not trans- pired but that time it was known that the Duke held in his own hands the three seals of the three Secretaries of State. The Colonial Times says, it was confidently asserted that Sir Robert Peel would be Premier, but the Tasmanian, with more probability, gives the following as the most likely arrangement, should a Tory administration beagaintolerated by the nation : - Duke of Wellington, First Lord of the Treasury. « Sir M.Sntton.) Chancellor of a or Mr. Baring, J Exchequer. Lord Lyndhurst, Chancellor. Sir R. Peel, Home Secretary. Lord Aberdeen, Foreign Secretary. Sir G. Murray, Secretary for the Cold lies. i Sir H.-Hardinge, Secretary at War. Mr. Croker, The Admiralty. Lord Londonderry, Privy Seal Lord Munster, Master of the Horse. Lord Winchelsea, President of the Council. Lord Ellenborough, President of the Board of Control. Duke of Richmond, Postmaster General. Lord Westmoreland, Duchy of' Lancaster Lord Charles, Master of the Mint Sir James Scarlett, Lord Chief Baron. Sir George Clerk, Secretary to the Treasury. Sir C. Wetherell, Attorney-General SlrJ?-2U,lîd.7,l Solicitor General. or Mr Follett, S Mr. C. W. Wynne, Speaker. The same paper, in reference to the change, says-" Unspeakably do were joice at this! The contest will be between public opinion loudly expressed by nineteen millions of people and the miserable corps of public plunderers of the various denominations, whose only reliance can be upon the bayonet . Yet Lord Hill, in 1932, was not quite secure on this head ! Already are the whole people of the United Kingdom on the alert. Public meetings, to address the King not to call the Tories-the Duke of Wellington especially to power, are convened in all the parishes of London, and in every county and large town. Large placards appear everywhere, con- j taining the few but expressive words TO YOUR TENTS, OF ISRAEL." - We are also indebted to the Tasmanians for the following extracts from the English journals. (From the Observer, Nov. 16th.) " We know not whether the Duke of Wellington is a prepared to form a Ministry, and the absence of Sir Robert Peel, who is at present in Florence, may, perhaps, delay for a while any decisive announcement on the subject, unless indeed it' be, as many persons assert, that the whole matter had, been already arranged that His Majesty had made up his mind to get rid of the Wings on the first occasion and that the death of Earl Spencer has been deemed n sufficiently plausible pretext for carrying the determination into immediate effect. For our part, we beg leave distinctly to state that we believe King. William wholly incapable of exhibiting any such want of candour as that his match against him in these reports ; nor should we have ventured to give through our columns, a further currency to the unworthy suspicion, had it not been already much canvassed,' and excited a deep indignation in every quarter in which it has been entertained We will say, however, that whether it be with the King him self, or with an illustrious personage nearest the Throne, or with whomsoever it be that this change has originated; an awful read visibility must' rest upon the adviser, . *' On Friday the country was in a state of profound tnnqi'tility ; our commerce flourishing ; our vast manufacturing population fully and actively employed. Political excitement had subsided, and the people awaited with calmness the announcement of those measures of reform which are known to be in prepa- ration-relying with confidence on the character and expressed intentions of a liberal Government, and believing that their just expectations would not be disappointed. Such was the state of things on Friday Yesterday we were suddenly aroused from our repose, and called upon to prepare for a fierce and formidable struggle-the old Tory party are making one effort more to disturb the peace, and impede the prosperity of the country. They are seizing upon the Government, but they have not yet surprised the people; and, if the liberal party is due to themselves and he will be a bold man who dares at such a moment to become an apostate-the discomfiture, we trust the an Dilli ation, of the faction will be complete. What are the again to be struck down blithe sum gauntlet of the Duke of Wellington? Or will his Grace summon round him those who have no principles but his commands, and-reckless of every thing that he has said, done, or professed, and at the sacrifice of every thing like political integrity-wilt his ode' to carry through those measures of Corpora- tion and Church Reform known to be prepared by the present Government for the meeting of Parliament! if he offers, will he be believed ? Ought the country to consider a statesman who has exhibited such inveterate hostility to every thing that is liberal in government and tolerant in religion 1 But if he agrees to sacrifice the Corporations, will he in like manner give up the Irish Church t Will those who contended to-day for the full exaction of Tithes, pass the Bill next Session which they rejected in the last? Will the Duke of Wellington, trampling upon everything like consistency, drag through the mud, apostate Lords and Tecrcant Bishops'! and if he should in all lie not then have done more to degrade the Aif tocrucy and put in peril the Church, than the most (ÍBsíriicliie Radical could hope to have achieved far years to come V (From the True Sun, Nov. 17.) " We mistake our countrymen mightily-we mis- take the few leading spirits that have been summoned to their councils, and who may enjoy their confidence, if they, or any of them, at this time to be scared by the mere ghost of a Military Premier ; if the mere shadow of the Great Captain striding into Downing street, is to cast over the least spirited portion of them the heavy gloom of superstition, and to frighten them into a shameful submission to oligarchical will ! Few are the people now-a-days who would, even in a more friendless and perilous crisis than this, turn pale at the bare pronunciation of the name of Wellington, who would be induced to regret the downfall of a Whig despotism, through fear of a Tory one, who would desire the continuance of a bad Government, through dread of the possibility of a worse. No-we have the name of Durham to work spells with and it shall counteract any that may yet wait upon the once terrible cognomen of the Conqueror. What says the Radical Cassius unto Brutus ? " Brutus and Casual what should bear that Caesar? Why should that name be sounded more than yours! Write them together, yours is as fair a name ; Sound cherries doth become the mouth as well ; Weigh them-it is as heavy ; conjure with them Brutus will start a spirit as soon as Ceasar I" The parallel will not hold good for the influence which the Earl of Durham may now immediately exercise over the minds of his countrymen, would be under- rated, beyond all expression by a comparison with any assumption of authority, however for midable in display, and however fierce in exercises that the Duke of Wellington can by possibility mediate. With the moral power of the whole people at the back of Lord Durham, how worse than idle are the associations of even military power that may be connected with the Captain's Cabinet ! Will not be great body of the people instantaneously receive this impression, as the news of the morning circulate: amongst them ! Will they not instantly call to mind the spirit of the passage we have just quoted, and remember more especially the wise and true meaning of the expression which precedes that passage, and which Mr. Cobden lately used with admirable address : '. The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars. But in ourselves, that we are underlings !" We are sure they will. We are sure that the whole mass of the people hill, after the first burst of astonishment at this extraordinary demonstration of spirit in their rulers, at once call upon Lord Durham to do them, their cause, and himself.^uiiice. Justice can be lawfully and peacefully procured at the people will it. Lord Durham was, we believe be will, aid and direct them. There must be no " sleeping on it our enemies will not sleep an instant. It has been proposed to invite the Earl to a public dinner in the Metropolis, immediately previous to the assembling of Parliament. How is the time. M eetàigs must every where be held-the common object of them all, to petition the King to en- trust the formation of a Ministry to the Earl of Durham !" (From the Times, Nov. 18.) , " To imagine that the Duke of Wellington, or that any man with a tithe of his sagacity, could under- take the administration of a country so pervaded as this is by a universal consciousness, that the application of the reform principle to many gross abuses of Church and State still remains unaffected and that without its further and systematic progress, the peace and well-being of every rank of society must be altogether insecure-to imagine, we say, that the Duke of Wellington could undertake his present office in the expectation of being able to obstruct the regular advancement of the reform princip e-and, a doing soto resist the whole intellectual and moral force of England, would be to stamp him a maniac. . . . . a a Our own resolution respecting the Duke of Wellington, is to deal with him as we have done with Lord Grey and with Lord Grey's successor-to watch him closely-1<> oppose, him vigorously though not seriously, when he deserts what we conceive to be his duty and when difficulties beset him in the faithful performance of that duty, to help him with equal vigour. A Reform NinUinr he must be, or no Minister of William the 17th. His Gradwell speedily find, that he has no longer a Borough Par lament to deal with. Upon one subject, though of inconsiderable moment, it may be well to remark, that the charge of preconcerted intrigue for the overthrow of Lord (Melbourne's Cabinet in this instance, must be destitute of foundation inasmuch, as if the Duke of Wellington had been prepared with a list of colleagues, he needed not to have received into his own hands the Seals of the Secretaries of State.' In point of fact, no appointment has taken place, except that of the Duke, has kissed hands as first Lord of the Treasury, and so on in Home Secretary and will conduct the Government by means of the Under- -Secretaries, until the arrival in England of Sir Robert Peel." Looking at the march of events during the last three years, and the determined spirit which the people have manifested on all popular questions, no one can view the recall" of the Tory party to power without a feeling of extreme anxiety as to the probable result namely, a collision between the government and the people. Every arrival from England, up to the time of the assembling of parlia- ment, will now he looked for with the utmost impatience in these colonies. The following additional English news I is from the Hobart Town Courier-' Their Majesties were at Brighton in the enjoyment of good here 1 fit. Of the many rumours afloat relative to the ministerial changes, one goes the length of stating the probability of Earl Grey being again invited to take office. The Morning Herald of November 19, says, it is certain, whatever Cabinet may be formed, and whether the Duke of Wellington, or Sir C. Manners Sutton, or anybody else, may be at the head of it, all necessary reforms must go on. The abuses of our institutions must be re- moved, without disturbing the institute tions themselves. It was understood that the administration of the Duke of Wellington would be composed of the same individuals as formerly. ' Public meetings were holding in all parts of the kingdom declaratory of their political principles. The Morning News of Nov. 19th says, it was rumoured that Lord Combermere | or Lord Stuart de Rothsay, would succeed Lord Bentinck as Governor General of India. Also that Lord Roslyn would be Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, | and Sir Henry Hardinge, Secretary. Mr. Herries, Master of the Vice; President of the Board of Control, Lord Cowley; and Master of the Horse, Lord Maryborough. The same paper adds, that there is little doubt that Sir Charles Manners Sutton will take a prominent part in the ministry; and that Mr. Goulburn will be nominated for the distinguished honour of the Speaker's chair by the administration, in which case it was expected that Mr. Littleton would be nominated by the opposition. Earl Mulgrave still retains the privy seal, by command of His Majesty. Preparations had been made for cutting up part of the buildings which had suffered from the fire, as Houses of Lords! and Commons. The painted chamber is to receive the Lords, and the old House of Lords is to shelter the Commons ; the total expense of the operations has been estimated at £30,000. It is intended to place a marble tablet in the interior of Westminster Hall, with an inscription of the time of the destruction of both Houses of Parliament, and the narrow escape of the Hall. Don Miguel had joined Don Carlos in Navarre, and a reward for his head was offered by the Portuguese Government. The Benedictine Convent at Hammersmith, was destroyed by fire on the 18th of November, when the nuns narrowly escaped with their lives. One old lady (Miss Bosville) aged 81, was unhappily burned to a cinder. The West Indies in general were in a very disturbed state since the emancipa- tion the negroes refusing to work. Lord Sligo had sent home Colonel Doyle, requesting the immediate aid in Jamaica alone, of four regiments, and the appointment of one hundred more magistrates to preserve order. The Earl of Derby has been appointed by His Majesty to succeed his late father in the Lord Lieutenancy of Lancashire. Mr. Stanley, the late Secretary of State for the Colonies, is now Lord Stanley. Sir Herbert Jenner has been appointed his Majesty's Advocate General Government has agreed to grant to Mr. Brunel the sum of £350,000, at three and a half per cent, interest, for the purpose of completing the Thames tunnel. The Colonial Times publishes an extract I of a letter from England, which says, A Catholic Bishop has been consecrated for your Colony, and you may expect him. out very shortly. He is a Monk of the Benedictine Order, the best and most rational of all the Catholic orders. He is namesake of the Vener- able Monk of Farrow, and bears the honoured name of John Bede, I hear a he is now collecting funds for the erection of a Cathedral and a College." From the same journal we learn that wool had fallen full 20 percent, in value, and no improvement in oil-price £21 10s, to £22 10s. ; bone no alteration. The Fame and Clarence had arrived. Consols, Nov. 19, Dig. A public meeting was held at Hobart I Tottie on the 28th ult., " for the purpose of discussing whether it is politic that I Van Diemen's Land should still continue to be a prison on a large scale,' or whether, by abolishing its penal character, it should he placed on the same footing as the other British colonies." So far the avowed object of the meeting was reasonable, and the subject of discussion not only legitimate, but of considerable importance to those interested in it. Whether or not these colonies have arrived at that state of advancement which would render them independent of prison labour, is, undoubtedly, worthy of enquiry ; because we are sure that few persons will be found who would desire to continue the infusion of such material into our society one moment after it could be dispensed with. But though this was the avowed purpose of the meeting at Hobart Town, we find, upon a perusal of what took place on that occasion, that it was proposed, not to petition against any more prisoners being sent to Van Diemen's Land, but to remove the supposed degradation under which the Colony now lies, from its being the receptacle of convicts I sent from England-and which, it is alleged, stands in the way of the enjoy- ment of the free institutions of England \- by permitting all convicts to be at large on their arrival in the Colony, subject only to some summary jurisdiction, the nature of which was not defined ! It is difficult to approach the discussion of so visionary-so pre- posterously ridiculous a project, with becoming gravity. But let us just enquire of those persons (they were but few) who advocated such a measure, in what way the " degradation" of the Colony would be removed by its adop- tion ? or in what respect would the Colony be fitter for the enjoyment of free institutions, by its being rendered a receptacle for prisoners at large, instead of prisoners kept under Wholesome re- straint ? As the Doctor in the play says, " Rhubarb's rhubarb, call it what you will ;" and would these colonies be less liable to the odious designa- tion of " convict colonies," from the mere circumstance that the convicts were turned loose upon society on their an i val? That numerous individuals have been, and yet will be, transported innocently, we do not mean to deny it is lamentable that such should be the case, but it is, perhaps, unavoidable from human fallibility ; but would it on that account, be proper at once to turn loose upon society the annual cargoes of known criminals, which are sent out here? Convict labour is only to be desired in new countries like these, which have to be redeemed from a state of nature, and where a sufficiency of equally cheap free labour cannot be obtained. But it is the restraint to which the majority of the convicts are subjected which renders their labour available to the settler. What London thief would turn his hand to the axe or the hoe, if he had liberty of choice ? Not one he would " chance" it again, and, if detected, he would not be in a worse situation than if were transported from England under the existing law. And did it not also occur to those parties with whom this extraordinary proposition originated, that it would operate as a bounty for crime in England ? Deprive the punishment of transportation of the terror with which, despite of the casual instances to the contrary which may be adduced, it is generally viewed at home and the man whose fear only before restrained him from the commission of crime, will not be slow to run the risk, when the utmost he would have to apprehend, upon conviction, is mere removal to another land, there to be at once restored to liberty. Viewing the proposition, therefore, in any shape, it is so preposterous, that we are astonished how even the few persons who attended the meeting could have assembled to enter- tain it for a moment. We observe by the Hobart Town papers, that accounts have been received of the arrival of Sir Edward and Lady Parry in England. The cargoes of tea by the ships Orwell and Macclesfield, consigned to the house of R. Jones & Co have been purchased by Messrs. Hughes & Hosking and Mr. A. Polack. The latter ship has arrived, and her teas certainly do great credit to the importers, being the best samples sent down for some time. The cigars, however, are not what they were expected to be, One of the most impudent articles we have ever read appeared in that most impudent paper, the Colonist, on Thursday last. It appears that the proprietors of the steam boat Australia, had the temerity to take their vessel on a pleasure excursion in the Cove last Sunday, and have farther dared to announce their intention to run her to Parramatta on Sundays, as well as the other six days of the week-and all this they have done without asking permission of the Sir Andrew Agnew of the Australian College buildings! Prodigious was his wrath thereupon : but not unmixed with his wonted impertinence. Is it more profane to travel in a steam boat on a Sunday than in a stage coach You who, except some Sir Andrew Agnew, would attempt to prevent the latter train travelling on a Sunday. Who is to be the judge whether an individual is proceeding to Parramatta or elsewhere, on business or on pleasure? And what more right has the fashionable to take the air on the South Head Road, in an elegant carriage or carries, on a Sunday afternoon, than the proprietors of the Australia have to ply their boat on the Parramatta River for the accommodation of those who may have a necessity, or an inclination to avail themselves of it? We can see none and yet our insolent censor takes occasion from this to publish a gross libel on a respectable body of persons, by designating them " a company of ungodly men, who care nothing for the morals or religion of the colony, provided they can fill their pockets with the fruits of its open profaneness!" Our Sir Andrew may guess what sort of " treadmill," or "lash," such a libel deserves to be visited with; and if he should be forgiven his offence, we are quite sure it will only he in consideration of the towering. passion into which his sanctity was put, at the very thought of the paddles of a steam boat working on a Sunday. 