4 t'gtitaL O ov>t're# oitutette. ,TO THE -EDITOR OF THE COLONIST: SIR;-In my last letter I showed the fallibility of the Romish Church, instancing the errors of popes, councils, and people; I now proceed to the consideration of the Rule of Faith. The Protestant Churches believe that all things necessary to salvation are contained in the Holy Scriptures: so that, whatever is not read -therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that' it should be believed as an Ar- tide of Faith."--Church of England. " The word of God, which is contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments is the only rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy him."— Church of Scotland. On the, other hand, the Church of Rome equals unwritten traditions with the Holy Scriptures, and pronounces a curse on all that do not receive those traditions. "I, most stedfastly admit and embrace .the apostolical and ecclesiastical traditions, with the rest of'the con stitutiois and obscrvances of the said church.".- Creed of Pius IV. Art. 1'3. "All saving truth is not contained in the Holy Scripture, but partly in the'Scriptures, and partly in unwritten tradi tions, which, whosoever doth not receive with/ like piety and reverence as he doth the Scrip tures is accursed."--Concil. Trident. Less. 4, Decret. de Can. Script. In the passages adduced from the writings of both parties, I have given the leading feature of difference between them, from which, indeed, all other differences arise; the one asserting that all saving knowledge is contained in the Scriptures; the other, that it is not. It is manifest to every reflecting mind that on this question the argu ment, principally turns. If, as I shall endeavour to prove, the sacred Scriptures contain a com plete Rule of Faith, it will necessarily follow that all doctrines not revealed in them should be rejected. 'But if, on the other hand, it shall ap pear that the Scriptures are an incompetent Rule of Faith,a different rule must be established. And here, before I enter upon the question, I cannot help, remarking the different spirit by which the two parties are actuated. The Pro testant, conscious of the justness of his cause, and fearing neither the malice of his enemies, nor the unintentional, errors of. the simple. en quirer, boldly puts the oracles of truth into the hands of all. He has no sinister object in view. His only aim is the dissemination of the truth. He does not thunder out an anathema against all who refuse to acknowledge an usurped supre macy, nor does he require the belief of a doctrine, like that of transubstantiation, which is con trary to the seises of mankind. He knows that such absurdities are not revealed in the Scrip tures, and tliereforee he does not teach them. On the other hand, the Roman Catholic pursues, a different line of conduct. He is fully con scious of the weakness of his cause when it is examined by the light of Scripture: he, there fore, prudently declines such an examination of his doctrines. He shrinks from the plain de clarations of Holy Writ. He tells us that the searching of Scripture is "unnecessary," unjust," "inexpedient," and " impossible." He asserts that a set of popes and cardinals, the majority of whom have only been remarkable for their enormities, "are divinely appointed for this pur pose." He calls in question the wisdom of yChrist in telling the Pharisees to search the Scrip tures. And, strange to say, although 'in the accredited publications of his Church, the Holy Scriptures are declared to be divinely inspired, yet he gravely pronounces that " most of the books of the New Testament were written from accidental circumstances, and not from any ex press command." Not stopping here, however, he proceeds to assert there are "many passages in this divinely inspired book, which are not fit- :ting 'to meet every eye ;" that in it there are "descriptions which would initiate the young into crimes;" and, lastly, that the distribution of those sacred oracles, which he himself ac 'knowledges to have been inspired by the Holy 'Ghost; has caused Socinianism, deism, atheism, " rebellion, plunder, and bloodshed, licentious infidelity, blasphemy, infamy, and sacrilege." . Such are the opinions of the two parties. Such the reverence the Protestant has for the Bible, and such the abuse which the Roman Catholic showers upon it. The one appealing on all occasions to the fountain of truth, and ever ready to abide by its decision; the other using all his endeavours to deface the beauty of Scripture truth by the dust and rubbish of un written tradition. In a future letter I shall show that tradition. is an incompetent mean of conveying down doc 'trines to us,- and that the Holy Scriptures con-. taina. perfect Rule of Faith. For the .present, "I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, X. 