? I r. igitalt -otrrepotbeltrce. THE RULE OF FAITH. T ::R:TTO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sig,-In treating upon this important subject, I )ishall endeavour to prove: 1\. That oral tradition: is incompetent to trans-. i mit doctrines to posterity. 2\. That, under the Mosaic dispensation, the i:-1ule of Faith was written. 3., That: our Saviour disapproved of the tra ditions of the Scribes and Pharisees. 4\. That,. from" many passages in the. New t S:-Testament, we may conclude that the Scriptures contain all things necessary for mani's salvation. 5\. That the ancient fathers, considered- the Scriptures to be tlie Rule of Faith. \ I. If, at any period in the history of-mankind, :oral tradition could have served as a competent 1 mean of conveying down doctrines to' posterity, I it must have been in the patriarchalages. Then, 1 'indeed, the length of human life favoured such a :,rean. , Methusaleh lived about 300 years while E 'Adam was alive,, and, Shem lived almost 100' I .years with Abraham, 'but though it thus appears .that two intermediate persons, namely Methu saleh and Shem, were sufficient to convey any tradition from Adam to Abraham, yet: the pu rity of the primaeval religion was so corrupted in the-days of Abraham; that idolatry prevailed to a great extent. The knowledge 'of the true God! ias nearly obliterated'; and, lhad. not -Abraham \- been chosen.out from the rest of 'mankind, the -whole world must have apostatized. Of the many errors. into which men have been led by oral tradition, I shall adduce only three -instances. The first is that which originated with Papias, who lived soon after the times of the Apostles and conversed with those who had seen them. His way was, as Eusebius relates but of his works, not so much to read, as to in quire of the elders, what St. Andrew, or St: Peter had said ; What 'was 'the saying of St. Thomas, St. James, and the rest of the disciples of our Lord. And he pretended that some of them told him, among other things,'that after the resurrection of our bodies, we shall reign a thou sand years upon earth : which he concluded, says Eusebius,' from misunderstanding some saying , of the, Apostles:' This fancy was em braced' very eagerly, and was taught, for two whole ages, as an apostolical tradition; at the same time having no other authority than the antiquity of the man who delivered it. A second instance is the famous contention about the ob servation of Easter, which so grievously afflicted the Church in the days of Victor, Bishop of Rome, and caused division between the Eastern and Western Christians. The one pretending tradition from St. John and St. Philip; and the other from 'St. Peter and St. Paul. A third instance, of whose -uncertainty we read in Irenaeus (lib. ii. c.. 39), is concerning the age of our blessed Saviour at the period of his death. Irenaeus confidently affirms -that he was forty, if not fifty years; and he says, that. the elders, which' knew St. John, and were his scholars, received this relation from him. And yet all agree, that' he entered upon his ministerial: office at the age of thirty, and was crucified about three years and a half after. II. The promulgation of the Law on Mount Sinai, was one of the most' amazing things that ever happened,;and the fittest to be orally con veyed 'down, the law being very short, and the circumstances in the delivery of 'it most asto nishing. And though there were many rites, sand several festivities, appointed chiefly for pre serving the memory of it; "though there was' also in that 'dissenation the areatest advantage itna ginable, for securing 'this tradition, all the main acts of their religion being to be 'performed in one place,' and by men of one tribe and family; as'they were also all the inhabitants of a' small tract of ground; , of one language, 'and by their constitutions obliged to maintain a constant in tercourse 'among themselves: they having, fur ther, a continuance of signal characters of God's miraculous presence among them.- such as the operation of the water of jealousy;- the .plenty of the sixth year to spply them all the sabbati- 'cal. year, 'and till .the harvest of the 'following year; together with, a. succession of prophets that followed one another, eithe r-min a constant course, or at 'least soon after one 'aiother; but .above' all, the presence of God, which appeared in the cloud of glory', and in those answers that ' were given by the Urim and Thummim all which must be confessed to be 'advantages on the side of tradition, vastly .beyond.any that can be pre tended to have 'been in the Christian Church; yet, notwithstanding all these, God commanded Moses' to write all the Law, as, the Ten Com mandments were, by the .immediate power or finger of God,: written' on tables of stone. (Bur nett.). It is said,. ' And Moses came and told 'the people all the words of the Lord. And Mo ses wrote 'all the words of the Lord."-Exod. xxiv: 3," 4.: 'Andt again, it is said, " And the' Lord said to Moses, write these words, for ac cording to these words- have I made a covenant I with you and with Israel."--xxxiv. '27, 28. And it is worthy of particular observation, that wherever the people;are called upon to obey the law;of.' the' Lord, no mention is made of any other than'the written ,law. ' Thus. Moses, when his end approached, made a speech unto the people;, after which, it is; added, "And 'Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of Levi, which bare the ark of the cove nant of _the.ILord, and'. unto all the elders "of Israel. And .Moses commanded' them saying, At the end of every seven, years,'.inthe solemnity of the year of ielease, in the feast of tabernacles, when all Israel is come to appear before the SLord' thy God, in ..the place' which he shall choose, thou shalt read it befdre all,Israel in their hearing."-Deut. xxxi. 9. 24, .III. The scribes who- lived after the time 'of Simon the Just,.in order' to give weiglit to their various, interpretations of :the law, at first, pre tended that they' also were' founded upon tra dition, 'and added them to the opinions which Ezra had established' as authentic; and in pro cess of .time it came to :be asserted, that when Moses was .forty days on Mount Sinai, he- re ceived from God two laws, the one in -writing, t the other oral;, that 'this oral law was commu nicated by Moses to Aaron, and Joshua: and that it passed unimpaired'. and uncoirupted from x generation to generation, by: tie .tradition bf the ' elders or'great national council established in'the time of Moses ; and that this oral law. was to be s considered as supplementary'. and explanatory of \- the written law, which was represented as being y in many 'places obscure, scanty,'and defective (vide Tomline on the Jewish sects). 'The Pha n risees Aikewise, " delivered to the people many a institutions as received from the' fathers, which l are riot written in the law of Moses."-. Josephus,' n' and therefore, our Sayiour censured both Scribes e and Pharisees indiscriminately: Tradition was adduced on many occasions against him, but he n never 'submitted. to it; on the contrary, he re e proached the Jews with this, .that theythad made the word of God of- no. effct . by their traditions; e and he told, them, that they .worshipped 'God in I vain, when they, taught for ,doctrines the com s rmandments of men.-Matthew, xv. 3, 6, 9, :In all his disputes with the' Pharisees he. appealed to Moses and the prophets; he bade them " search the Scriptures,: for in them," said he, " ye think s ye'have eternal life, and 'they are they which f testify ,of me." " Ye think," is by the phra Sseol6ogy, of that time, a word that does not refer Sto any particular conceit of theirs, but imports, , that as they thought, so ini them they had eternal e l.I.. viour justifies himself and his doc \- tri? ords of Scripture, but never once e I ny passages in the New Testa Smen may infer that it is a perfect Rule of SFaith. Our Saviour declares, that all' will be judged according to his word, and.that he who I hears his words and doeth them is like a man who builds his house on a rock- Mattheiv, vii., 1 26, &c.; He does not say his words' according a to the interpretation 'of the Ro~ian, Catholic I Church, but his words as he spake them,'and as a they are delivered to '.s in; the. writings of the s Evangelists. It is true that Christ did not indite a the Scriptures himself, but, as Chrysostom ob s serves ('Homil. .1 in Matt.), instead thereof he , promised to bestow upon his disciples the grace e of his holy ,spirit, saying (John xiv. 26), " IBe shall bring all things to your remembrance." In fulfilment. of this gracious promise, the Holy Ghost was poured down upon them, and they were enabled to pen those sacred writings which, by the providence of God, remain to this day, as the only infallible rule of a Christian's faith and duty. Under this divine inspiration, the' Evan gelist Luke writes to Theophilus, the history of Christs to give him a' certain knowledge of the things wherein 'he had been instructed (L.uke i. 3, :4.) --By' the same spirit, John wrote his gospel, in which' he declares " these things are written that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, and believing ye might have life through his name" (chap. xx.) .By the same spirit, Paul wrote his various epistles; to churches and to individuals; in one of which, he expresses an assurance that the Scriptures alone are capable of perfecting the man of God.-II. Tim. iii, 15. By the same spirit, Peter (I. Eph. iv. 11), re cognizes the Scriptures as the Rule of Faith : if any man speak, says he, let him speak as the oracles of God;: and, in his second Epistle.(i. 15), he states the reason of writing the grand truths of the gospel, viz.- that after his death; the church might have them' in remembrance. By the same spirit, John wrote 'the Revelations, containing a series of predictions'.:concerning the state of the church until the end of the world. He pro nounces a blessing upon all that read and hear the woirds of the prophecy and keep the things which,are written in it (Rev. i. 3): and, in the conclusion, he places. this. tremendous threat: '' if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto hiim the plagues that are written in this book.;'-Rev. xxii. 18. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, [.To be continued.] 