A TEItÄiriC X^UiaTTJSG A'OVEWTUIUB A hont three years sinco, after a short residence in Mexico, I embarked for Guayaquil, in order to \isit*fro.m liicnco the celebrated mountains of Quito. On arriving at Guayaquil, I found there two travellers, who were prepnring to take the samo route. These were Captain Wharton, an lingliidi naval officer, and a young midshipman, named Lincoln. '1'he frigate which Wharton commanded had suffered considerably in her voyage through the South Seas; and as it was now undergoing tho neccssarj repairs, Wharlon lesolvcd to devote some of his leisure time to visiting the forests and mountains of Quito. It was quickly agreed that we should make the journey together; I found Wharton n frank and open hearted man, and his young favou- rite, Lincoln, a youth of eighteen, had a handsome sun burnt countenance, with an expression of determined bravery. We" set out on a fine clear morning, attended hy my huntsman Prank, and two Indians as guides. On beginning to ascend the mountain, the scenery became more enchanting at every step. The mighty Andes, like a vast amphitheatre, covered to their summits with gigantic forests, to« ercd aloft ; the snow created Chimborazo reared its proud front; the terrific Cotopaxi sent forth volumes of smoke and flames, and innumerable other mountains branching from the far spread- ing Cordilleras, faded away in the dis- tance. With an iinoluntary shudder I entered the narrow path that leads into tho magnificent forest. The monkeys leaped from branch to branch ; the paro- quets chattered incessantly ; and the eagle1» from amidst the tall cypresses where they had built their uesls, sent down a wild cry. The farther wo ad- vanced, new objects presented themselves on every side ; the stately palms, with their broad sword-like leaves; the sin- gular soap trees; t!ic splendid mangolia; the tall wax tree, and tho evergreen orçk, reared themselves proudly over the organ groves, with whose fragrance was blended the aromatic perfume of the vanilla. Towards evening our guides began to quicken their pace, and wo hastened after them. In a short time they uttered a shout of joy, of which we quickly dis- covered the cause. Ry the light of large fires, which were kindled in an open space of the forest, we descried a little Indian village, consisting ol' several huts erected on trunks of tree*, and to which were appended ladders of reeds. The Indian who was employed in replenishing the fire, answered the cry of our guides in a similar tone ; and, after a short cotife-1 renee, wc were conducted into one of the huts, where we pa«sed the night. Early in the morning wc again resumod our way through the deep shado of the forest, and in due time stopped to enjoy a repast under a broad leaved palm. We then continued to wind round Chimhorazo's wide base; but its snowy head no longer shone above us in clear brilliancy, tor a dense fog was gradually gathering round it. Our guides looked anxiously towards it, and announced their apprehensions of a violent storm. W soon found that their fears were well founded. The fog rapidly covered and obscured the whole of the mountain; the »tmosphern was suffocating, and yet so humid, that the steel work of our watches was covered with rust, and the watches stopped. The river beside which wc were travelling rushed down with still greater impetuosity ; and from the clefts of the rocks which lay on the left of our path, were suddenly precipitated small rivulets, that bore the roots of. trees, and innumerable serpents along with them. These rivulets often came down so sud- denly and so violently, that we had great djlliculty ¡u preserving our footing. The thunder at length began to roll, and re- sounded through the mountainous passes. Then caine the lightning. Hash following flash-above, around, beneath -every where a sheet of fire. ' We sought a tem- porary shelter in a cleft of the rocks, whilst one of our guides hastened for- ward to seel; a more secure asylum. In a short time he returned; he had disco- vered a spacious cavern. We proceeded thither immediately, and with great diffi- cully, and not a little danger, at last got . into it. The noise and raging of the storm con tinued with so much violence that we could not hear the sound of our own voices. I had placed myself near the entrance of the cave, and could observe, through the opening, which was straight and narrow, the singular scene without. The highest cedar trees were struck down, or bent like reeds, monkeys and parrots lay strewed upon the ground, killed by the falling branches; the water had collected in the path we had just passed, and hurried along it like a moun- tain stream. When the storm had some- what abated, our guides ventured out in "riler to ascertain if it wore possible to continue our journey. The cave in which we had taken refuge was so ex- tremely dark, that, if we moved a few paces from the entrance, we could not see an inch before us ; and we were de- bating as to the propriety of leaving it even before the indians came back, when we suddenly heard a singular groaning or growling in the further end of the cavern, which instantly fixed all our at- tention. Wharton and myself listened anxiously; but our daring and inconsi- derate young friend, Lincoln, together with my huntsman, crept about upon their hands and knees, and endeavoured to discover, by groping, from whence the sound proceeded. They had not ad- vanced far into, the cavern, before we heard them utter an exclamation of sur- prise; and they returned to us, each car- rying in his arms an animal singularly marked, and about the size of a cat, seemingly of great strength and power. Wharton had scarcely glanced at them, when he exclaimed in consternation, ". Good God! I we have come into the den of -." He was interrupted by a fearful cry of dismay from our guides, who came rushing precipitately towards us, crying out, "A tiger! a tiger! - and, at the same time, with extraordi- nary rapidily, they climbed up a cedar tree which stood at the entrance of the cave, and hid themselves among the branches. After the first sensation of horror and surprise, which rendered me motionless for a moment, had subsided, I grasped my fire arms. Wharton had already re- gained his composure and , solf-p,osses sion ; and he called' to us to 'assist him instantly in blocking up the mouth of the cave with an immense stone, which fortunately lay near it. The scene of approaching danger augmented our strength; for we now distinctly heard the growl of the ferocious animal, and we were lost, beyond redemption if it reached the cntrauce before we got it closed. Èrç ihis was done, we could distinctly see the tiger bounding towards the spot, anil stooping in order to creep into his den by the narrow opening. At this fearful moment our exertions were successful, and the great stone kept the wild beast, at bay. . There was a small open space, however, left between the top of the entrance and the stone, through which wc could see the head of the ani- mal illuminated by its glowing eyes, which it rolled, glaring with lury, upon us. Its frightful roaring, too, pene- trated lo the depths of the cavern, and was answered by the hoarse giowling of the cubs, which'Lincoln and Frank had now tossed trom them. Our ferocious enemy attempted first to remove the stone with his powerlul claws, and (hen to push it with his head from its place; and these ellorts proving abortive, served only to increase his wrath. Ho uttered a trightful howl, and bis flaming eyes darted light into the darkness of our re- treat. " Now is the time to fire at Iii m !' said Wharton, with his usual calmness; " uim at his eyes; the ball will go thiough his brain ; and we shall then have a chance to get rid of him." F ra uk seized his double-barrel gun, anti Lincoln his pistol. The former placed tho muzzle within a few inches of the tiger, and Lincoln did the same. At Wharton's command they both drew the triggers at the same moment, but no shot followed. Tho tiger, who seemed aware that the flash indicated an attack upon him, sprang growling from the en- trance, but, feeling himself unhurt, im- mediately turned hapfc again, and sta- tioned himself in his former place. The powder in both pieces was wet ; they therefore proceeded {.o draw the useless loading, whiKt Wharton and myself hastened to seek our powder-flask. It was so extremely dark that we were ob- liged to grope about the cave ; and, at last, coming in contact with the cubs, wo heard a iiisiling noise, as if they were playing with soino metal substance, which wo'EOon discovered was the caunister we were lookingfor, most unfortunately, how- ever, the animais had pushed off tji'e lid with their claws, and the powder had been strewed over the damp earth, and rendered entirely useless. This dis- covery excited the greatest conster- nation. ." All is over now," said Wharton ; wc have only to choose whether wo shall «lie of hunger or open the entrance to the blood-thirsty monster without, and so make a quicker end of the matter." So saying, ho placed himself close be- hind the stone which for the moment de- fended us, and looked undauntingly upon tho lightning eyes of the tiger. Lincoln raved, and Frank took a piece of strong cord from his pocket, anti hastened to the further end of the cave, I knew not with what design. We soon, however, heard a low stifled groaning, and the tiger who heard it also, became more restless and disturbed than ever. He went back- wards and forwards before the entrance of the cave iu the most wild and impe- tuous manner, then stood still, and stretching out his neck in the direction i of the forest, broke forth into a deafen- ing howl. Our two Indian guides took advantage of this opportunity to dis-j charge several arrows from the trees.J He was struck more than once ; but tho light weapons bounded back harmless from his thick skin. At length, how- ever, one of them struck him near the eje, and the arrow remained sticking in the wound, lie now broke anew into the wildest fury, sprang at a tree, and lore it with his claws. Hut having at length succeeded in getting rid of the arrow, he became more calm, and laid himself down as before, in front of the cave. Frank now returned from the lower end of the den, and a glance shewed us what he had been doing. He had strangled tho two cubs ; and before we were aware of his intentiou, he threw them through the opening to the tiger. No sooner did the animal perceive them than he gazed earnestly upon them, and began to examine them closely, turning them cautiously from side to side. As soon as he became aware that they wore dead; he uttered so piercing a howl of orrow, that we were obliged to put our hands to our cars. When I censured ] niy huntsman for tho rashness and cruol'.y of the action, 1 percoivod, by his blunt and abrupt answers, that ho aUo had lost all hopo of rescue, and with it all senso of the UCB between master and servant. j The thunder had now ceased, and the storm had sunk to a gentle gale; we rottltl hear the songs of birds in the 'neighbouring forest, and the sun was .streaming among the branches. The con- trast only made our situation the more Horrible. The tiger laid himself down hesido his whelps. Ile wa« a beautiful j animal, of great size a,nd strength, and his limbs being stretched outat'their full length, displayed his, immonse power of muscio. Alt at once another roar was heard lit a distance, and the tiger imme- diately rose and answered itwith a mourn- ful howl. At the same instant our In- dians uttered a shriek, which, announced that some new danger threatened us. A few moments confirmed our worst fears, for another tiger, not, quite so large as the foi mer, camb rapidly towards tile spot where we were. " This enemy will prove more cruel than the other," said Wharton, '. for this is the tem ill's, and she knows no pity for those who doprivc her of her young." The howls which the tigress gavo when sho had oxamincd the bodies of her cubs, surpassed every conception of the horrible that can be formed ; and the tiger min- gled his mournful erics with hers. Sud- denly her roaring was loweredUo a hoarse growling, andt we saw 'her anxiously stretch outlier head, extend her nostrils, 'and look round, as if in search of the murderers of heryoung. Her eyes quickly fell upon us, and she made a.spring for- ward with the intention of penetrating to our place of safety. Perhaps sho might have been enabl- d hy her immense strength to push away tho stone, had we not, with all our uniled power, held if, against lier. When sho found that all her efforts were fruitless, she approached tlio tiger, who lay stretched out beside his cubs, and he »roso and joined in her hollow roaring. They stood together for a few moments, as if in consultation, and then suddenly went off at a rapid pace, and disappeared from our sight. Their howling' died away in the distance, and then entirely ceased. \\\ o now began to entertain better hopes of our condition ; but Wharton shook his head-*4 Do not . flatter yourself" said he, " with the be- lief that these animals will let us escapo 'out of their sight till they have had their j revenge. The hours we have to live are numbered." Nevertheless, there still appeared a chance of our rescue, for, to our sur- prise, we saw both our Indians standing before the entrance, and heard them call to us to seize the ouly possibility of flight, for that the tigers had gone round the height, possibly to seek another inlet to the ca\c. In the greatost haste the stone was pushed aside, and we stepped forth from what we had considered a living grave. Wharton was the last who left it; he «as unwilling to lose hisdoublc barrellcd gun, and stopped to take it up; the rest of us thought only of making our escape. We now heard once more the loaring of the tigers, though at a dis- tance ; and following the example of our guides, wc precipitately struck into a bide path. From the number of roots land branches of trees, with which the slorin had strewed our way, and the slippcriness of the road, our flight was slow and difliçult. I We had proceeded thus for about a quarter of an hour, when wo found that our way led along the edge of a rocky cliff with innumerable fissures. We Had just entered upon it when suddenly the Indians whoweie before us, uttered one of their piercing shiieks; and we imme- diately became aware that the tigers were in pursuit of us. Urged by despair, we rushed towards one of the breaks or ' gulfs in our way, over which was thrown a bridge of reeds, that sprung up and ¡down nteterystep, and could ho trod with safely by the light feet of the Indi- ans alone. Uecp in the hollow below rushed an impetuous torrent, and a thou- sand pointed and jagged rocks threatened destruction on every side. Lincoln, my huntsman, find myself passed over the chasm in safety, but Wharton was still in the middle of the waving bridge, and ¡ endeavouring to steady himself, when j both the tigers were seen to issue from the adjoining forest, and the moment they descried Ui tiley bounded towards us with dreadful roarings. Meanwhile Wharton had nearly gained the safe side of tho gulf, and wc were all clambering up tho rocky cliff, except Lincoln, who remained at the reedy bridge to assist his friend to step upon firm ground. Wharton, i [though the ferocious animals were close upoñ'him, never lost his courage or pre ¡ sencc of mind. As soon as ho had gainetl I the edge of tho cliff ho knelt down, and with his sword divided the fastenings hy w'hich it was fastened to the rock. Ho expected that an effectual barrier would thus be put to the further progress of our pursuers; but he was mistaken, for he had scarcely accomplished his task when ! the tigiess, without a moment's pause, | rushed towards the chasm and attempted ! to bound over it. It was a fearful sight' to see the mighty animal for a moment iu ' the air above the abyss; but her strength I was not equal to the distance-she fell ' into the gulf, and ero she reached the, bottom, was torn into a thousand pieces hythe jagged points of the rocks. Her, fate did not in the least dismay her com- panion, he followed her with an immenso ' ¡spring anti reached the opposite side, but only with his fore claws: and thus ho cluug to the edge of the precipice endea- vouring to gain a footing. The Indians again uttered a wild shriek as if all hope had been lost, but Wharton, who was nearest the edge of the rock, advanced courageously towards the tiger, and struck his sword into the animal's breast. Mad- dened with pain the furious beast collect- ed all ¡Is strength, and fixing one of hi« legs upon the edge of, the cliff he seized Wharton by tho thigh. The heroic man still preserved his fortitude ; he grasped the stem of a tree with his left hand, to steady and support himself, while with his right hand he wrenched, and violently j turned his sword, which was still in the j : breast of the tiger. All this was the I j work of nu inMnnt.' Tho Indians, Frank, and mjself, hastened to his assistance ; but Lincoln, who was already at his side, soized Wharlon's gun, which lay near upon the ground, and struck so powerful a blow with the butt end upon the head of tho tiger, that the animal, stunned and overpowered, let go his hold, and fell back into the abyss. The unhap- py Lincoln, however, had hot calculated upon the forco of the blow; ho staggered, forward, reeled upon the edge of the precipice, extended his hand lo seize upon anything to save himself-hut in vain. For an instant he hovered over the gulf, and then fell into it, to rise no more. We gave vent to a shriek of horror then, for a few ininutps, there'was ¡idead and awful silence. When we were able to revert to our own coudition, I found Wharton lying insensible cn the brink of the precipice Wo examined his wound, and found that he was tom dreadfully. T^ho Indians collected somo herbs, the application qf.which stopped the bleeding, and we then bound up (ho mangled limb. It was now evening, and we were obliged to resolve upon passing the night under the shelter of some cleft in the rocks! The Indians made a Uro to keep the wild beasts from our couch; butno sleep visited my eyes. I sat at Wbarton's head and listened to his deep breathing; it became more and moro hard and deep, and his hnnd grasped violently as if in convulsive moments. His consciousness had not re- turned, and in this situation he passed the wholo night.1 In the morning, the Indians proposed tp bear our wounded friend back to the village we had left the previous day. They plaited some strong branches together, and formed a bridge to rcpass the gulf. It was a mournful procession. On the way Wharton sud- denly opened his eyes, but instantly closed them again, and layas immovable as before. Towards evening we drew near our destination, and our Indian friends, when they saw our situation, expressed the deepest sympathy ; but the uliplo tribe ussomblcd round us, and ut- tered piercing cries of grief when they hoard poor Lincoln's fate. Some hastened away in search of the body, and I re- mained with my wounded friend, who j si'ill lay insensible to everything around bim. Sleep at length overpowered mc. Towards morning a song of lamentation and mourning aroused me -it was from the Indians who were returning with Lin- coln's body, 1 hastened lo inept them, but w^s glad to return, back again, when my eyes fell upon the torn and lifele>s body of our young companion. The Indians had laid bim upon the tigers' skius, which they had strewed with green boughs, and they now bore him to the burial-place of thpir tribe.-Calcutta Sporting Magazine, j THE STATyrtE AND WRIGHT OF MAN AT DIFFERENT AGES.-M. Quatelet, of Brussels, who has lately published the results of his investigation on this sub- ject, found for 03 male children, and 56 female, newly-born, tho following quantities : Weights. Stature Male children 7.0o?36ibs. avoird. I,6"273'2 imp. ftt Ftm.ilo ii 41794(38 1,515167 The extremes are Hors. Girl«. Minimum 5,lG0!í8'¿lbs. 2,470137 lbs. Maximum 9,924156 9 9Ï63.'9 From a table which M. Quetalet has drawn up op the same subject, we find, 1st, that at an equality .of age, the male is generally heavier than the female. 2ndly, That the male attains the maxi- mum weight about the age of 40 years, and that he begins to lose, in a very sen- sible manner, towards his 60lh year; that at the age of 00 years he has lost about 12,23288lbs. avoird., the stature being 3lso diminished 2,7ö604 inches. Urdly, That the female attains the maxi- mum weight later than the malo, towards the 50th year. 4thly, That when the male and female have assumed their complete dcvclopement, they weigh about exactly 20 times as much as at the mo- ment of their hirth, while iheir stature is only about '<i\ times beyond what it was at the same period. Children lose weight during the first three days after their birth; at the age of a week they begin sensibly to increase, after one year they have trippled their weight ; when they require six yoars lo double the weight ot one year, and 13 to quadruple it. The inferior parts of the body are developed more than iho superior, ina child the head is equal to a fifth part, and in a full-grown man to an cigthli of the whole height of the individual. The mean staturo is a little more among indi- viduals in easy circumstances than in the indigent population. -j FRIVOLOUS AND VEXATIOUS LEGISLATION. " -The committee appointed to inquire into the drukenncss of the nation have made so foolish a report, that a third of the bouse r vóied against printing it. According to the i representation of Mr. Hawes, they contem- plated the prohibition of the importation and distilaiion of spirits, and they discussed the 1, expediency of forbiddjng the bivwing of beer above a certain strength. Mr. Buck ! ¡ ingham bavin;; (very intemperately for the ¡ ' member of such a committee) impugned the '¡truth of Mr. Hawes's statement of the mat 11 ter in the report, averring that ',' non-impor ¡ tation and non-distillation were only spoken of hypothetically as a possible result with ' ' the progress of knowledge and the increase of morality, when the people at large should i become convinced of the evil of ardent ispitiis." Mr. O'Öwyer moved that the re- port, headed " ultimate and prospective ?remedies." be read by the clerk. "It was ¡read accordingly, and boie out the repre- sentation of it made by Mr. Hawes, as.to the non-importa:ion and the non-distillation of spirits, excepting for medicinal purposes, so that they might in time be confined to tlie shops ot chemists and apothecaries." The fact is that this is another manitesation of the A^nevv spirit. The precious Sir Andrew was upon the committee, and Mr. Buckingham having for some time past been obviously a candid" te for the honors of saintship, sat at die feet of the spi.iuia] Quixote. When other means of using into importance fail, these are rhe quackeries which serve in an age of cant :-" What a good man Mr.-.-ts! he would put a top to that bon id drunkenness." " What as good man Mr.--is! he.would put a slop to that bnrharnui dueling." " What I a good man Mr.-is ! lie would put a stop to that fi thy smoking." ."Whit a good man Alderman-is ! li8Would put a s'op to omnibuses and great br ail wheel waggons." " What a goon man Mr. is! he would put a stop to tin.» eating of un- ripe plums and the swallowing of cherry stones 1" Tlicr.! are a thousand things width it would be most desirab'e »o .. put a stop lo," ii tho balance of evil did not lie on lbs side of the attempt at prevention. It needs no ghost to tell us that till excesses nru bad ; but are the, uses to b_e abolished because they may exceed temperance ? The poor labourers drjnk ton triuch-a law, then, against liqui r. The rich citizen cats too iiitich--a law, then, against turtle and venison, prohibit made dishes, allow no diawn gra- I vii*«', forbid soups, and let no mutton broth ' exceed a certain strength. Look at the gouty legs, the bjoated faces', and red noses about the town. See the number of clubs; smell the steam' of the kitchens ; observe the deaths bv apoplexy-assume an increase of gormandizing, and nppoint a committee to inquire into it.' Why does not tha world dine nu a mutton-chop? Nature requires no moro. Make it penal to put more than one sort of meat on the table/ Enact that at I the clubs the viands shall not be eaten on : the premises;, for when men dine together they indulge more freely in eating and dunking. Limit the breeding of sheep aud oxen, so as to fix th,e" supply proportion- ately to the absolute wants, ami short of the excesses of luxury.-Let chickens be on'y sold by the apothecaries to sick people. Tench children to abhor pastry and desserts. Impose heavy penalties an any nobleman, gentleman, or rich merchant, or other, who is detected with a full'stomach. Any man who cannot walk lightly and actively after dinner mu t be punished. Ajiy sign of heaviness should, like the stammering or reeling of the toper, wai rant the imposi.iqn of a penalty. But it may be said gorman- dizing is not attended with the ill conse- quences of drinking ; yet it has its mischiefs \- for some men eat away large estates as ) hers di ink away small earnings ; and fur- ther, we see in nets of pailinment the vex- ations which pudding-headed men inflict alter dinner. In a'.l the meddling it is easy to trace the class which 'egislates. If law3 wire made by the poor, we should have committees sitting to inquiie into the in- ciense of gallantry and gaming, and all the piQÍligacies of fashion. However desirable it may be that there should lie less intoxi- cation, we behave that, on the whole, the vice is on the decline , mid that the people are becoming more sober in exact propor- tion lo their advances in cjvilisçition. Examiner. SAINT LORENZO AND TIÎI: Oi.rç WO- MAN,-A woman III comfortable circum- stances, being in the town of Módica, in 1 «Sicily, had an only son, of whom she was so fond that she could not rest for desire of knowing in what manner he was to die. To learn this sheetery day attended in church, and kneeling at the shiine of St. Lorenzo, made long and fen cut orations, begging him to enlighten her on the wished for point, always concluding with Blessed St. Lorenzo, inform me of what death my son is to die." For a long time, as may well be supposed, she got no answer; but her constant \isits and invariable prayer, with the necessity of being daily obliged to remind her that it was time to shut the chinch, at length woieout (he patience ol tin; sexton. He walled, however, till Passion Meek, dur- ing which it is customary to veil the images. Vfhen the good lady made her usual appearance ho hid himself behind the curtain which concealed the figure, and on the wonted supplication of " Jiles sed St. Lorenzo, infoim me of what death my son is to die;" instantary replied in a hollow, solemn tone, '? Impiso, impi ;" in English "he will he hanged.'' " Ah! ' said the indignant mother, rising from her knees, not at all astonished at the miracle, or grateful for the gracious condescension of the Saint, " you rascal, it was for that tongue of youis you were I roasted alive." O'CONNELL LEADER OF THE HOUSE OP COMMONS.-If the most able and influen- tial member of the House cf Commons is die best fitted to lend it, then we need not despair of finding a successor to Lord AI tltorp. Mr. O'connell, " that eloquent and distinguished personage," to use Lord Brougham's language, "who is looked upto with reverence by so latge a portion of his fellow couriiry- men," must he the very man. Ile is gifted, in a remai kable degree, with thehiglicst qualifications for leadetship -quickness, tact, extensive inloimarion, uncommon powers of conciliation, habits of command, éloquence unrivalled the house, joined togieat physical powers and wonder- ful industry, He moieover possesses, and has held for years, the confidence of the itisli millions, which no other statesman has discovered the art of retaining- All these advantages have recently enabled bim to defeat ministers on importiint questions ; and, in point of fact, it is he who has led the house. If Mr. O'Conneil will only be a little more cautious and circumspect, and manage the house as we saw him managing the committee on the inns of court the other day, that is, with tact and temper-if, in short, he will only call to his aid a little more of fashionable disimtilatinn and cool- ness-we shall not be surprised io find bim on the treasury bench, at the head of a tri- umphant majority ; who will make the old walls of St. Stephen's re-echo with long and continued cheering, and "immense laughter" at the wir, drollery, and sarcasarn of their loader.-Spectator. ANFCDOTB or DON MIGUEL.-Some time after Miguel's return'from Brazil, ho paid a visit to the College of Surgeons, at Lisbon. After viewing tho various anatomical subjects it contained, he at length asked if it were possible to kill a person without leaving any traces of vio- lence upon the body, ile was told that by introducing the point of sharp instru- ments into the brain through the mouth it could be done. On receiving this in- formation he was observed to muse for some minutes in tho recess of the window. The feelings of the medical men present on that occasion may be well imagined, when some time after this conversation the unfortunate Marquis de Louie was fouud murdered in the identical manner described,-Monthly Magasine. 