Origiunag to le potrence. ROMISH DOCTRINE OF PURGATORY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. SIR,-.I have recently been led to a serious con sideration of the Romish doctrine of Purgatory; and upon a strict examination, I have arrived at the following conclusions: --1. That it cannot be proved by Scripture. 2. That it is a heathen, and not a Christian, doctrine. And 3. that it was introduced. into the Church by philoso phizing Christians. Before I enter upon the proofs of these three propositions, I shall state the doctrine as exhi bited to the world in the accredited publications of the Church of Rome. "; There is a PUR GATORY, or place of torment after this life, for the expiation of the 'sins of good men, which are not sufficiently purged here; 'and that the souls, there detained, are helped by- masses, prayers, and other good works of the liv ing."-Conc., Tid. Less. 6. Gan. 30. Sess.. 25\. 'Decret. de Purgat. " Whoever shall say 'that there is no debt of temporal punishment to be, paid either in this world, or in purgatory, before there can be an admission into heaven, is accursed " (Concil. Trid.): for " this is one of the principles without the belief of which there is no salvation."-.Bulla Pii Quarti. To prove this monstrous assertion, the Romanists adduce several passages of Scripture; 'to two of which only I think it necessary to reply--the one from the First Epistle of Peter, and the other from Paul's First Epistle to the Corinthians. And in' replying to these passages, I have only to cite those whom they call their own writers. Au gustine, in his 99th Epistle, writes: " Consider however, lest perchance what the Apostle Peter says concerning the spirits shut up in prison, who, in the days of Noah; -believed not,' at all relates to the lower regions,'(inferos) but rather to those times, which, by afigure, he transferred to these ;" and Calmet further asserts,: "Although the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church be incontrovertible, 'yet it may be doubted, whether this be the meaning of the Apostle Peter in this place:"' And, as to the other passage from the Corinthians, " the particle of similitude (wc) plainly shows that the apostle did not intend an escape out of the fire literally; but like to that which men make out of a house or town that is on fire; and very learned persons of the Church of Rome acknowledge that Purgatory cannot be concluded from this text, nay all that Estiuis contends for from that place is, that it cannot be concluded from hence that there is no Purga tory."---Tillotson. On the other hand the testi monies from Scripture are very clear. ' The name, or notion of a Purgatory nowhere occurs. Prayer for the dead is nowhere commanded. Two classes of persons only are recognized in the Bible,"the righteous and the wicked; the saved and the. lost; and two places only as their destination after this life, heaven and hell. Solomon expressly asserts : " In the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be."-Eccl:. xi. 3.. Isaiah says: " The grave cannot praise thee, death cannot celebrate thee: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth."-Is.' xxxviii. 18. And our Saviour said to the thief on the cross (a man, who certainly would have been sent to purgatory had there been such a place: " This day thou shalt be with me in Para dise," Luke, xxiii..43., a term acknowledged by Roman Catholic writers to signify the seat of the blessed. (Bellarin, de Sanct. Beat.) From this expression it is evident, although in diame trical oppositicn to Bellarmine, that he who dies in a state of grace, whatever may have been his previous sins, immediately enters into heaven. Other quotations might be made from holy writ to the same point. It might be shown that as soon as the soul is absent from the body it is present with the Lord : it might be shown, that he, who entered into his Lord's vineyard at the eleventh hour, received the same reward as those who had borne the burden and heat of the day : it might be shown that the doctrine contradicts our Saviour's description of the day of judg ment. Matth. xxv. 31.. &c.; I pass on, however, to observe that purgatory is repugnant to justifi cation by faith--that it makes of none effect the Apostolic declaration, " that the blood, of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin,"-that if encou rages crime by affording a broken reed for the sinner to rest upon; and that, finally, all its consequences are pernicious in the extreme, causing doubt and perplexity in the mind of the sincere believer, and palming upon mankind a system of priestcraft and superstition, alike irre concileable with reason or revelation. I shall now endeavour to prove, 2ndly, that it is a heathen and not a Christian doctrine.' As early as the days of Homer some curious ideas had obtained concerning sacrifice for the dead. In the twenty- third book of the Iliad, Achilles is represented as offering twelve Trojan captives to the shade of Patroclus, to obtain an entrance for him to the realms below; and Plutarch (in. Theseus) informs us that it was the custom to sacrifice, every ninth year, seven young men, and as many virgins to atone for the murder of An drogeus. Virgil makes an allusion, to this dread ful superstition in the following lines (b.vi. 1.25.): Then, o'er the lofty gate, his art emboss'd Androgeus' death, and (off'rings to his ghost) Seven youths from Athens yearly sent to meet The fate appointed by revengeful Crete. About four centuries after the time of Homer, Plato embodied these vague ideas of a future existence into a regular system ; and, partly from reasoning, proved the immortality of the soul, and a state of rewards and punishments after this life. But as the philosopher found a diffi culty in disposing, in the next world, of those in dividuals whom he considered to be neither one thing nor the other, not sufficiently purged by philosophy to entitle them to a seat in heaven (ov piLosopia ikavws kaOppamEvoi), and not wicked enough to merit eternal punishment, he con trived a third place, which he distinguished by the name of Acheron. And this place is no other than Purgatory, as will be evident if we compare his description of it with that of Romish writers. He says, " Those, who are found to have lived neither entirely a criminal, nor 'abso lutely an innocent, life, are sent to Acheron (i. e. purgatory).... where they dwell, and suf fer punishment proportionable to their crimes; till at last, being purged and cleansed from their sins, and set at liberty, they receive the recom pense of their good actions." Cicero, in his Somnium Scipionis, follows the opinions of Plato. " Do you exercise this property of the mind in the best pursuits ; now the noblest cares, in which you can be engaged, are con cerning the welfare of your country; in which, the mind being employed and occupied, it will, the more speedily, arrive at a state of blessedness; and it will more quickly do this, if, whilst en closed in the body, it shall abstract itself, as much as possible, from sensual enjoyments. For the minds of those who have devoted them selves to the pleasures of the body, and have rendered themselves, as it were, their slaves, and have, through, the impulse of their lusts, violated the laws of the gods and men, upon quitting the body, wander about the earth, nor do they arrive at a state of blessedness until they have been driven about for many ages." The poet, like wise, following the notions of the philosopher maintains a similar opinion; and unveils purga tory in all its horrors:- Nor can the grovelling mind, In the dark dungeon of the limbs confined, Assert the native skies, or own its heavenly kind: Nor death itself can wholly wash their stains: But long contracted filth e'en in the soul remains. The relics of inveterate vice they wear; And spots of sin obscene in every face appear: For this are various penances enjoined; And some are hung to bleach upon the wind, Some plunged in waters, others purged in fires, Till all the dregs are drain'd, and all the rest ex pires. All have their manes, and those manes bear: The few, so cleansed, to these abodes repair, And breathe, in ample fields, the soft Elysian air. ÆNEID, b. vi. Having shown from what source the dreams of Purgatory have arisen, the question naturally suggests itself, " How could such an ab surdity have been incorporated amongst the Christian doctrines? This leads to the third proposition, that it was introduced into the Church by philosophizing Christians. Before the apostle left the earth, he had warned his followers against " the oppositions of science falsely so called," affectionately entreating them " to beware lest any man should spoil them through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ "-Coloss. ii. 8. But this excellent advice was soon disregarded. Error and superstition defaced the beautiful simplicity of the Gospel: and, as the apostle had foreseen, " men were beguiled of their re ward in a voluntary humility, and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which they had not seen, vainly puffed up by their fleshly minds."-- Coloss. ii. 18. Amongst these evils, arose various opinions concerning an intermediate state after death, and, subsequently, prayers for the dead. This lamentable defection from pure Christianity may be dated as early as the third century; but purgatory was not even mentioned until long after. It was at first doubtfully re ceived, and was not fully established until the papacy of Gregory, in the beginning of the seventh century. Hartwell Horne. Mosheim, in speaking upon the subject before us, ob serves: " Jesus and his disciples had simply declared that the souls of good men were, at their departure from their bodies, to be received into heaven, while those of the wicked were to be sent to hell ; and this was sufficient for the first disciples of Christ to know, as they had more piety than curiosity, and were satisfied with the knowledge of this solemn fact, without any inclination to penetrate its manner, or to pry into its secret reasons. But this plain doctrine was soon disguised when Platonism began to infect Christianity." -Milner (Church Hist. vol. i'. p. 141.) " considers Justin Martyr to have been the first sincere Christian who was seduced by human philosophy to adulterate the Gospel, though in a small degree. He, however, ex- pressly asserts the eternal punishment of the wicked:" "Tertullian and Origen entertained very erroneous opinions; the former speaking of prayer for the dead, and the latter asserting that the punishment of devils and wicked men, after the day of judgment, will continue but for a thousand years; and that after that time, they shall all be finally saved. Even the great Au- gustine was not free from superstition. The doctrines of Plato had made such a deep im- pression upon his mind that he could never shake them entirely off. No one can doubt the sincerity of his piety, the usefulness of his preaching, and the superior excellence of his writings; but his fondest admirers will not deny that many passages of his works are tinctured with Platonism and superstition. It is but just, however, to state that Ludovicus Vives (a Ro manist) assures us, that there are ten or twelve lines positively asserting purgatory, put into the printed copies of S. Aug. de Civitate. Dei, lib. xxii. cap. 24, contrary to the ancient manu scripts. These interpolations, it is to be feared, are very numerous in some of the Fathers. This principle of adulteration is boldly avowed by the Belgic Inquisitors: " We strike out (say they) many errors, in other of the ancients we extenuate and excuse them, or, by feigning a commentitious gloss, either deny or fix a com nodious sense to their worlds."' Notwithstand ing their glosses and interpolations, some of the Fathers speak very plainly against purgatory. ' The servants of God then have peace, then enjoy quiet rest and security; when being drawn from these storms of the world we arrive at the haven of our everlasting ha bitation and security ; when, this death being ended, we enter into immortality."-Cyprian. de Mortal. sec. 2. - " The end of this life being completed, we are divided into the habitations of everlasting, either death or immortality." -Ad Demet. sec.-16. " It is better to be cor rected and purged now, than to be sent to the torment there, where the time of punishing is and not of purging."- Greg. Nazianz. Orat. in Plug. Grand. " After death there is no help to be gotten by godliness or repentance. Laza rus,doth not there go to the rich man, nor the rich man unto Lazarus. For the garners are sealed up, and the time is fulfilling.'' Epiphanius contr. Cathar. Hær. 52. "While we are in this world, we may be able to help one another, either by our prayers or by our counsels: But when we shall come before the judgement seat of Christ, neither Job, nor Daniel, nor Noah, can entreat for any one ; but every one must bear his own burden."-Jerome Lib. 3: Com. in Galat`, c 6 " What shall be to all in the day of judgment, this is accomplished to every one at the day of death."-In Joel c. 2. It is a common argument with the papists that protestantism did not exist before the days of Luther. But this is by no means the case. The errors of popery were protested against from their earliest infancy. The two witnesses clothed in sackcloth never ceased to prophesy against the beast of Rome. The papal thunders, and the horrors of the Inquisition never could extermi nate the true church of Christ. In vain did An tichrist launch forth his excommunications: in vain did he kindle the fire of persecution. All his efforts were ineffectual. Do our adversaries ask us where protestantism existed before the days of Luther? Do they inquire who disbe lieved the absurdities of purgatory before the time of the Reformation ? Let us lead them to the valleys of Piedmont. There the genuine doctrines of protestantism existed for centuries antecedent to the Reformation. There purga tory was considered as an idle fable : a profitable invention of the Man of Sin. Thus in the opi nions of the Waldenses (and, I might add, in the Anglo Saxon Church.) another support is given to our argument. Purgatory has not only been proved to be repugnant to the word of God, —to be a heathen doctrine—to have been intro duced into the Church by the errors of a false philosophy—but it has likewise been proved to be contrary to the belief of a large community of Christians, hundreds of whom suffered a cruel death on account of their principles. I shall conclude this letter by giving an abstract from one of their own writings, entitled, A Supplica tion of the poor Waldenses to Philibert Emanuel, Duke of Savoy, A.D. 1560.—" The religion we profess is not ours only, nor hath it been in vented by men of late years, as is falsely reported; but it is the religion of our fathers, grandfathers, and great- grandfathers, and other yet more an cient predecessors of ours, and of the blessed martyrs, confessors, prophets, and apostles ; and if any can prove the contrary, we are ready to subscribe, and yield thereto. The Duke re plied to this humble supplication by attacking some of their villages, and roasting the pastors of St. Germain alive over a slow fire !— I remain, Sir,-Your obedient Servant, X 