BRITISH EXTRACTS. FEMALE ITINERANT LECTURER. (From the Greenock Advertiser.) A -short time since; Mis. Hamilton, from Paisley, who. announces herself as .' a femnlc Reformer, who is on a tour through Scotland.' held forth Several limes in the Unitarian Chnpet here; to crowded audience* of both sexes. Her first lecture, en church and state reform, delivered on Thursday, lasted an hour-and-a-haif. The established church, or, ns she quaintly denominated it, "the Old Lady," came in for a principal share of her vituperation — a course cf pro ceeding which, she snys she finds highly useful, in [opening to her the doors of tho voluntary churches in many parts of the country. -In .the course of her declama 'tiotiB on this in terent ing topic she threw her arms about, and repeatedly bawled out ?'? Mystery ! mystery! Babylon ! mystery !' followed by. some incoherent raving about some glorious truth' which is about to be revealed to the world, but the nature %and tendency of which it was impossible to ascertain. The ' reformation' of her own sex she declares to be bneof tho. grand ob ject of her hibouYs. She complained loudly, in no very deliculs terms of the tyranny with which males lorded it over females, and advised the Intler to be ruled no longer. In limit! ling Una part of the subjret, she said the apostles were taught to 'become fishers of men. nnd ('linking her fist towards -the women) she added ' I will teach you how to bt-qoniu fishers of men''- aeentinient ' which elicited «rent ltuiyliter nnd applause, with smiles of npprobiitiun from the female part of the nmlitMtce, in which' she In-nrtiiy joined. Phe -001111111100 - ?? ? I lie .apostles, when met by their Mnster, had toiled nil night, and hncl ctiui-ht nothing ; and many of 'you, -my dear sisters, have been toiling nil your live*, and hnvu got nothing- either; nnd why were you unsuccessful ? Just be causo your nets were thrown out. on' the ? wrong sidu of the ship ;but throw out your nets on the right side, nnd, Inke my word for it, y.oO' will bring shonls of fresh fel lows to land. This declaration was re ceived with arent npplmiae. She then went on to detail her proceedings at the late elec liou nt Paiiloy. She mid the men- llier» told, her. that if slu» were. ai lotted 10 propn-' gate her principules, the women would mice die country to themselves, and the men would be forced to flee to America ; but she to d them that she did not care; ??? the truth' wi.s her object, and by that she would stand or fall. She then delivered another rhap sody about the '? glorious truth,' with scraps- of poetry, including Campbell; — I' The truth shall restore »ho liglit of Nature-given '' And, 1-ko Prometheus, bring the fire from Heaven ;''? And the following passage from Soulhey — ' When the electric truth shall run from man to man, then all those blood cemented -pyramids of greatness ahull fall rjjefbre its flash.' . Shen then sat down, put on 'her -bonnet, and intimated that she wpuld lec-J turn the following evening on tho necessity and practicability of female emancipation, which -she would prove from phrenology. Accordingly, she. made her second ap pearance, on Friday, in the same place, and delivered her promised lecture. After folding up .her handkerchief into the form of a brain, and setting, it down before her on the desk, she began to describe how all the 'bad thoughts, words, and actions ol mankind were product d from external im pressions, made through the modiuin of the eyes, the ears, and the other organs of the' senses, and thatall the errors and ignorance, ; faults 'and follies of women were,' and aie caused by their being exposed to the foul and contaminnting moral influence of bad men ; and that phrenologists hud proved, and that site herself would prove, that women*' brains were capable of being im proved to a degree which would make them equal and' even excel the, men in all' the better accomplishments of our common nature, and give Hum powtr to break the chains of the tyrant nnd the oppressor, and set themselves completely free. (Immense applause from the females.) Sue knew that her doctrine would not be acceptable to some ; but she was not going to take the ass on her back to please one party, «nd again get on his buck to please '.ano. her party. No, she would pursue the truth in a stiaight-forwaid and independent cause. O'd father Prejudice, and old mother Super stition would both be displeased, at her proceedings; but she disregarded the one, and, despidt-d the other ; and .as for the much respected Old Lady, she was now getting so 'worn and wrinkled, that it was ?high time to ptepare her: winding sliest: (Great cheering). After speaking, nearly two hour and-a-half in the same strain, she concluded with an intimation that a gentleman from Edinburgh would deliver a lecture on Wednesday evening, on 'Tower of Babelism.'' A ballot took place on Wednesday at the India Mouse, on the question of con firming the vote of the proprietors' in* favor of the augmented scale proposed by Mr, Weeding for compensating* the maritime servants of the Company :?? the particulars of. Mr^ Weeding's proposition we gave lost week.* The membets ? were 3B5 for, and only 137 against thy larger scale. The merchants in London, engaged .in the East India Trade, h five been much annoyed by the refusal of the India Com pany to allow their warehouses to be let for storintr the cargoes and stocks for the liade. Tho only reason assigned for this conduct, is (he idea that it is derogatory to the dignity of the Company to let out their warehouses It is di (lieu It. to con ceive any thing more-absurd than iliix.j On Sunday evening a jroung lady on a visit at Camdun JNew Town, at a convi vial party, dressed herself as a. beggar girl, and strolled the middle of sevornl streets, singing sweetlyl She was atlVnded, iinob sorved, for protection. Several donations were innde^lier; and an e'derly gentleman descended from his drawing room inlo the street with a contribution ; and oil pre senting it, ndded his overture, but some what out of time, and in a key too low for the lady's auditory. No one dett-cied the playful fraud. ? ;' . ' '. '. '? The Marquis of Hertford had- a nnrrbw escape the day previous to his departure from town; His ' Lordship was- driving a - pair of -high bred horses in a new phaeton in Hyde Park ; and when.* near the-, stoiiei laid by the Duke of Wellington for the building now in progress, .:H he horses took fright and galloped off. At the angle, near the Hermitage, the animals rushed through lh«i fence, and threw His Lordiihip and a young lady out of the vehicle ; but, hap pily, neither received the slightest injury. The carringe was broken to pieces. ? An.extraordinary scene of confusion was presented on Sundny niorning at. the steam* wharf, by London Bridge, . wliere were congregated hundreds beyond what could possibly be accomn.odated . on board, the six steamers appointed to start fruw that whnrf. A large proportion- of the Bssem bled crowd consisted of persons who had purchased tickets, during the past week] and who were loud in their complaints of the trick which' they «onsidereo had been played -upon them; It seems of late the two rival 'Companies whose boats start from this wharf, have lowered .their fares to Is: Sunclay included, proyided 'the -'ticket is purchased the' previous week, or d«y, of, the appointed agent on' the -wharf. -?The- ticket on its face gives a right to the buyer to go by any boat belonging, to the Com pany by which the agent- is employed, and on any day, .or hour of ill's day,' at which any one of the several packets enumerated in the ticket is to start. An immense num ber of these tickets had been sold by the agents of both Companies during the past week ; and, as it luriis out to parties, 'most of whom had determined to render' them available on Sundny last. The consequence wns, that the shonln of persons vvliich were mtimentBrily 'arriving* at the wharf far ex-' cecded the means of conveyance piovided by either Company. The rush to get on board was tremendous, nnd if was hardly possible to prevent the boats from being overloaded to a dangerous extent. Jiach nT llip siv lionts stnrtml nnnsidprnblv biiforn the appointed time; and they were com pelled to drng away the platform leading from the wharf to the deck of -I lie bout, when the platform itself was crowded with a r!ozr-n or more persons. The Mercury is estimated to have had at Icttsl 1200 per sons on board, nnd even the little Pearl is said to have had 000 on deck when it put off. — Courier. ,'., ', . The inhabitants of St. Giles's have been nlarmud by a report that, a ' ghost'1 for the In.u ui^lit or two had been pacing visits to the churcli yard. On Wednesday night a great crowd assembled, arid a tail figure was 'plainlj' discerned moving :? among tho tombstones. Some two tor, three of the hyestanders, less superstitious^ than the ru8r-. got over the railings, and found, instead of a being of ?« no mortal mould,' a poor J riali woman. It appeared that this poor creature had recently lost her son, ^who was buried lant week in the above mentioned church yard, and the woman hitving heard that smne persons, known to be ?'' resurreclibn-inen,' had been lurking in the neighbourhood, rshe became fearful ? that they were waiting an opportunity to ? exhume the body* of- her child, and diter mined to watch- the grave. Her putting this plan- into execution raised the appre hension of the superstitious, and on Wed nesday night th*r crowd became ' so dense that the police were obliged to interfere.— ^tvndard. ? ' ?' ? - ? The unceremonious huddling up o( the session would give the impression, that ministers .were really alarmed for their majority. It is not improbable, that the deputies, during their sojourn in the coun try, had opened 'their eyes to the state of public feuiingy'rand had discovered ? thai some danger might arise from a per severance in the- servile course of the last chamber. There;, is' 'also ? some reason^ to think, that Du pin's visit -to England was not unproductive of good ; he. must have been aware- of the universal feeling^of contempt which the conduct of Ins parly, and of the: French ministry ,' had excited in this. country. It is absolutely nceessary tha t men shou Id get; ou f 'o'r the immed i ate sphere of the corrupt influence of a pro /fligale government, before; they can be made conscious of their actual' position iu the opinions of independent members of society.,: ': . * '' ' ? ?;''' \,V.. .' ' ? ' It appears from the following extract from tlie 'Swabiaii Mercury., puutislied ttt Munich, thnt Swing i« busy ut Bivaiia— '?' ' The iricendinry band which hits com mitted so many atrocities, in the neigh bourhood of Landslmt nnd: Ereising, has made its appe'uran'ce in bur neighbour-, liood ; and even in Munich itself torches made of straw and pilch, and other in-r flttmmable matter,* have been thrown into seyernl houses, but were found .before they had produced any it'jViry,. Hence rose a report that demagogic letters were also discovered ; but .this Was a false alarm. In the. mean lime, the streets are paraded by numerous patroles. ' Orders have been' isitiied that notice of any (ire' which might' break out should be instantly sent to tlie barracks, and that tlie streets lead ing' to the prisons in which . political of fenders are confined should be barricaded..'. . A couspirncy on a ' large' scale, accord ing tothe. phraseology yof^lhe Italian news p;i pers, hns been discovered. , in the Grand Duchy of Modena, . and many persons; ha ve been arrested. The Duke^ who is a sort of Austrian Policeniaster General in Italy, is at Prague, advising with the King of Hungary x:as to the best' method of quelling liberalism in that' portion of tlie Austrian dominions. ''?'!-' ? The Times of Thursday contains a long and- elaborate letter .frorri Nauplia,' on the afTuira of Greece ; which,, owing to Rus sian, intrigues, are very unsettled. It seems that- Count : A rm'ansperg, who is well 'known ns ah accomplishi'd-' fnaii* of liijent, has beeii thwarted and overruled ?by'-.iii* two colleagues in the 'counciUof Regency, who are bought over by Russian gold. He has appealed to the king of Uavaria, wliosb decision on . several 'im porianl points wns anxiously' expected when the last intelligence was dispatched, Pobr.'Otho, the king, is kept under close surveillance by the Huesiair councillors. They have forbidden his visits to- the' fiimily of Armnnsjierg-. the father of some hundflome daughters, to whom it is feared, the kinc: niighi become attached.. : . A cause of considerable importance was. tried at the Spmersetshiref.assizps on the 1 1 3th of ^'August, respect iiigi he validity of n will mndo by Mr. Wliitby, ihe'projvclor of the Plymouth breakwater, who ctj^d n| .Taunton , in October 1 833. By the dis puted will, the bulk of his property was left to Mr. .Woodford, a banlvor.nt Tauii ton ; but it was asserted that Mr.. Whitby,' at the time he mr.de the will, was of un sound mind, and that a previous bequest, by which a Mhs Burn was made his heiress, ought to supersede it. The' trial occupied three ;days. It was' proved that Mr. Whilby was. peculiar and 'way ward in his manner; but tlia jury ''returned 8' verdict iu feyour of. the last will. : ' * ' A fire broke* out', on Saturday night, in the yard of Mefisrs. Clarke and Nixon, .ship builders, Cornjiill,' Liverpool'. It originated,, we believe, in the stove ; and, as, the place was surrounded by chips, boards, and dry timber, it quickly extend ed lo a large shed or house at the ex tremity of the yard, filled with pilcli; tar, cordage, and other inflammable matrrials. In less .than ten minutes, the whole plnco was in' llames ;'diidn about the saihejtime the Norwich' Union engine 'arrived, fol-x lowed instantly by' one of the new engines of the Fire Police. In « 'few minutes both engines got into play, with a scanty, su pply of water from tanks in the yard ,' and here the superior appointment' of the .Fire Police engine became mnnifest. A new ship, on which .£'5000. hnnV been ex pended,' lay on stocks alongside Nbe shed ? and already the flames had laid hold of the side of tho vessel. The engineer of the .Police sngine by extending big hose, passed two intermediate fires, played on the ves-' sel, and, though badly supplied -with water, effected her safely. The fire, which was first discovered about half past ten, was. not entirely got under until after live o'clock on Sunday morning. — Liverpool Paper. ? ? At Sliircross regatta, on Tuesday last, just as a salute was about to be fired, Mr. Sladc, of UxetPr, having incautiously ad vanced in front of the guns, the wadding of one of them nearly cut his body in two, causing instnnl death. On Tuesday morning there was a gene ral -strike among- the workmen employed ijy/1 Government. 'I'hey were all offered r-mpIoymcMi I provided they wou/cl sign a 'ornml declaration against the Unionists; iiit a very .small number put of the im nense body of men on the various Govern neut works consented to sign thedocu lieh't. ' 