EXTRACTS. -A THtt TRIUMPH OF TUE TRUE TRUMPS i OR, TUE WEN0M0ÜS WRSTIl V:\leU VVANQUISHED ! Tradition speaks ni the O-cnphoria of llie Plia-nl C1 n», «if Hie Aiuiiri-sla, the Clune-, uin( the- Uuccb.iiinlt l>ul hu- t-r in Inn, u, "f ».trcliiit or nnv «lb» i god <>l eui responding depth Km| Ininti utils, lins ii reo-id beru keptnfa fcirt more sit pet tullun thal windi was sulctuiiist-d al Wime Cornhiil-housc by the vesiiv »ichors »f Si. Marlin'» m the Fields. It win indeed « splendid »pliail ; u spie.nl mil- outv sin pii-sin,; ulhcis, uinhnilily smpiissecl itstll ¡ ¡nid, in Si. Mar tin . Is (lie ceutr.il uic-impolii m parish, c-niitaiiiing »eiiilv lliuly lliuu- aml snuls, we leLl impciauvelv called upon io wale. ii,e rccm.l ol Hu* iiiumpii dimn lo iinpi-iishiible pnsiriiiy, us » fulihlul meium lui ni tliceiiiuiicipntinu m a leu»h nf mviiails who ullin wise would have- been consigned lu llie ino-t abject species of eleiniil -Invciy. Weil; Mondai uns Hie itav devoted ti> the least, and Mr. J,., u SnnpMiii, titp'pmtid bl Mr. Eiutim I Haj cs llie gum niercliiiiil, wliu, like a pyr -iniU biuad Bl Ule-bate cum«. Small by degtecs mid beautifully 1««, having enteicil min a coii.piict willi Blenden to sup. I'l.v anv given pioporiiou of Hie population willi iinisticiilnry iiiuiuliDii at two shillings and lii-iipi-nce peí henil, wallets included, uh..lu n roupie of limv died, despising nil r-niK, matched ni nie lo the »cene ot dcl-ght, where euc li A rny ni iiiiinnrtHhtv- stood Slarltkc mound, until ilicv gatlu-i'ii lo a coil I At two o'clock the mil« al n( Cnlootl Evan-, ivis nnunuiice-d bj Mr. faillir leffuiy Hie nib llectual' lactuiitm of Mi. Suigi-on Hambridge, n gentium m who look mi uuih, iii.ii us lu- iievi*r cnist d, uni nevi i twine, tim uive-i li d the- slte.lue _.lo with bills of exchange, hi'd be buuiiil lo be lill- ie red n De Lucj u.isever rclniiud numil Im vv-esi «rtlnUc-r, if he (land m li tii»c- In lake the chun on the ptescnl iiniiimial occiisinu. The I'olone-I, how- ever, cnine, and at three o'clock Hie- company clutch,,I their »capon» of destruction. The (ii m com se consisted ol ii strong di vclopmcnl of pe.i-soup. ilct-nnllv nil vnl up lu llie hui-kets ol the Iii ililli riii-iimce. This Hi-, gentlemen willi llie utmost n'lactilv shoveled lu willi cuiiiptehtusivc cocklc-kht tin " The-second consisted of fish, und cerlninly a dl-play of giealer variety we ue-vei ic mt-nihci lo hnve wiine abundance, Inn h Yarmcui li und Dutch, filed plaice-, pickled cits, will) Ihbster sauce,pciriwiukles, slit imps, crabs, ni short eveiy luxiirv which suit or fiesh wa- ter conlii yield »a- biciiiglil foiili und demolished willi cruce. But those weie nil stimulants nic-ie-ly, the- substantial pinveiidcr cniislituled the Hurd rou i.e. lime we lind pmk cho| s uith me-lled bnller, tripe wpli pickled cabbage, vin cp'« head» with »nothing «j. mp, beet ti In-mnde ililli mint-HUCO, and evely other ilelectiibic- dish In ciiricspotiding repute «moue epicureans. To e-nch of ibu courses consum- mate justice was mvurdc-il, and win n all lind declin- ed they could niasilcute no more, the cluth vanished, . ud Like the baseless fabric ol it vision Lett um a wi eck behind. All weie now prepaied for "the nexi haimonv," and Mr, itag Ac-kei man, the propi icli-r ol llie Hlicli Doll inCii>ile ali eel, having h.-oki ii on hiswh te-kui «loves to guy gi nee mu ispeisi'd with some, clcgmit li ope«, the- Clnur tuan at once gave " Hie Mug." J hi, toast was dinnk willi consideiable apphlusi-, inn when the- nea', by l.u the-iii-oc impoitnulot Hie two wits announced, Hie simultaneous burst ol enthusiasm Was tremendo..». ] his was the health of Ormdei Hugden, Esq. I and ic-all) llie pewur itself was luti nioiiious! Itovvevet, applau*c having died hi the violation of the Chintin in, Mi. Ogden i ose mid le liiinea Hiunks .ts lulluws: Misler Cheerman, nnd brcthcr w-cstrv men awl - 1 sees Item my friends Mjni and Simpson mid 11 im- bi tilge and llajcs and Webb andHowaid »ml Gtll clinsi and ruriaiu and Ollley and Williams mid Biookbank ami 1'ieScoll mid Miner mid l'enicc mt I Jledford and Bill, llwieloie vy vasn't some oil them .»te w*'ts bel.io.lit ni culled for lins bete honour m .»tld« off me I (clivers). Theie-.uie, hoivevci, liunu DlHtuig «never my own linidividuiil tiilents is hu lo -tpenk, 1 «hall therefoie say at «ure Iheieluie wol I .means (orto licxpltuu (gie.ii nppluusc). Now you .know we have- hatchieve-d a wuiorious Iriunip over Simpson vveríllí Holroyd, iiswits «HiiqiiiKhed(chee)»). Now, how were Hun cie done) Now I'll tell you. Now, you see it's all owing; to llie exploration of that ere document which were discovered by Lawyer Claike's clcik, winch were signed by Bloody Mary in the time off Hie Norman conliscaliun, when Pope I'm«, being at war willi Baunap.ii ti the- .Second, air extinguished wainui, l-sued a lojal bull exclaiming thal it should be buried amongst the luins ol 1'onipe-ii, -where U leniamed lill niter Hie deluge, when ii was brought lu ''ghi bj Columbus «hen he exposed "Ainéncn, who, linville, lied ii lo Hie neck of a I,onie -mid submillid it lo Hie lioshitn lit Hie battle of Pia lalgar n llouUti up I» I'l.lnej , xihcie ii was h HU-II in by thul extinguí lied character during a voyage lu Kichtnond nguiu inle-IIIIB lieic dociunenl, I'suy, which proved Hint 2D0 cms bef ne the Mosnic du ]ieusiitioii, St. Mailin's was n hupen vveatry , did the business al last. We «as wiciot--, and mm IVI'H 'Come for to coiiiuiensuinle the hc»eni willi, us Hume the- hisliiiitin sais in llonur's VVirgll, .' Hie feast i f resing and fl«»w ? IT sole." »?>, thi-reloic. I begs tor in ilrinli your weiry gund healths and success lu linde, Kiul «nity we none- on u- nevci waul nothing off no biidv. ltiitneiise appl.tii'e marked Hie conclusion of this ci tillite speech. In fact Hiccheeinig piouii>td at one lime in be- ctetiml ; bul Mt ¿iiirpinu and Cupias lloréis, who completed Hie bu-Miess lol .'12/., Iiavtu( cmiliiienced nu interesthig coni-ers.ition relative lo the old Women Ml Hie nlm's-huuses, who me to nu at solute stale nf stat vtilioii in consequence of Un- known tongue Druriiimiud letusuu lu puy tltem the ullowaiicc ic-lt l>v pilv.au individuals uilliuni the tlgnaliiris or Hu- foin chuichuaidens, who me lor the lune being liuslee» lo tile clii.lt>-the liiin gradually subsided,.vvleen Mi. Ename-I Hayes, Hie inusl perfectly hmidsoitic* mid sy mmetiicle incmber ot the " societyi" willi Hie cM-eption of Gnndcr Ogden, Esq., rose to prop.i-f the health of the Clisu ui.io, which being duly liououitri. Colonel Uvans tose, and not knowing what else to Mik about, indulged in nu einbinde if-view of Hie whole of our Biitopruii p-'licv- showed how NICIKIIU-, wanted írurkes - how lue thiee conliuenlal poweis weie cnuibiiicd-Itoiv the Peninsula inlg'it be ic slniid to trailquilhij - liow England unil france \- inighldefy »II Hie world - ho« , lu slime, m-ij tli-ug tinghi be us It tim.ii.I he, mid how things as Uley should be, wcie no1. "Ile spctch uf Hie gallant Colonel was iieeeMuril) rdit>nie. Ii" interest coin man ed the appluu-e- which ii received ; bul befóte lie Sat do An he look occasion to compliment the com- pany on the compinative cleauliniss ot Hieb shuts, und lo piupnte Hie heullli ol Mi. Hv peibuule AeKér liinii, Which being Uiunk willi extensive iippluiisc, the white gloves «gain graced his delicate- hands, and Mt. llv pet bole Ackeiman ruse and deliveied liluiselt at follows; Mister Chairman mid gems-As the chaste motin dei ives dil her soft and sdceiv tlTulgcnce fruin the dazzling lucidity of Hie bullían! mid uucumpiomising sun, su 1, like llie wiry nerved and evuiinetncnlli muscular (Enea,, bearing Ins impotent falber An cluses /Vom Troy, carry off and derive all eloquence, tire, und. wit fiom llie snu'es which have shed such "a lustre »t'ound me. fclieeis). Gents, 1 look tip to joti, ayr; even as the Ocean's Mais look up lo Hie stars of Heaven. You arc my tile, my ll/e'6 bloid, my circulation My pulse beats lune In the illume o I 'Muir commands. When hostile hands puttied down like a mighty loi rent lloin the vale; when rates run up like a gigantic walcr-spout lo swallow us nil m undtstiiigiiishilble linn ; when lim dei ol' epictnetm vesliymen assumed despotic sivny, nnd, like the tyrants of the east, nrew on a linly wm-when these ami A thousand other ptescnplive ills did threaten desolation to the parish of St. Martin's, sny.dul 1 desert llie- glorious c tuse, ni move like u degraded ghost hilo Ignoble. obscurity ; (Never, never I) Never: No; while a single spark of P ometean 'Ure illumines the u,ie-xtinguish.ilile wick of Hie tapir" uf human philiuitr. phv wound lighllv mun.I Hie cole of a gelieious «nil a patriotic heait, I never can deseit A CHU se- in which w.'vc been so signally -triumphant! (uèniendnusappl.uise). Gents.l-(here the cheer« weie renewed willi incieasttl ij.|iliire. The «riislllve feeling, of the eloquent speaker un strung his brass bound lurves. und he sunk exhausted lit his seat aimdsi such plaudits of enthusiasm Hint iinllitng else could mutch. When muer was sonuwh.it ie>l>ircil. the healths of several ollie-i cliampuius weie di tink with appropri- ate leal, which mew forth some benuufullt poetic speeches from Messts. Webb, Rogo«, Allen and Hayes. At length, however, Hie philauliopists be- came Inlp.itle. I, when Mt. Secieluty Jeffray fuli niittetl HIHI ns ile had composed a song exptessly for the occasion, lie Imped lu be allowed io di-simi iiale ils sentiments before the company separatcrl. This was of coursa willi peasuie assented lo, and Jeffray struck op ' The Brawling Parish Vestryman.' I'll sing a bran uew song of one willi superficial 1 pate, ( ' Who dcaily loves al vritries and parish brawls to piale, , , ' Who, fixiyl between two porpoises, assumes much pump and stale, And who among the very small is reckoned verja gi eat, A brawling parish veslrjtunn; one of thecun- ' inn« tribe. Iii« shop in town was hung around with shitts and swaddling ch-the«, Willi stiffened hustles fin the helles, anti stiffer pads for beaux. v Willi gallets, stocks, and gloves of silk, with Conon and trunk lime; And While lie lived upon Ins friends was daily making foes- , ' This biavvlmg parish vestryman; one of the cunning tube. Bul time, like steam-buats with the tide, passed . Very quickly by. And he, ainsi was made agréai Churchwarden on the sly ; He wnlk'd in office with the gleams of gladness in Ins eye, Determined to eclipse the world-at all events to try. , < The brawling parish vestryman; one of the can ung tribe. And i»*t not belter for the poor to have at once .the kid 'Of rag-merchants and cobblers, and men or everv grade, Instead of stable men by whom tiley ve hitherto been paid Í , , Then leave old vagas íes off aud take up Hie new trade, Of a brawling parish vestryman-one of me canning tribe. At Hie conclusion of tins hist phllahtrbplits sllrtultaneously rose, and having given three cheers fru the Ponr Law Bill, three lor Political Economy, and three for-lhe Central Board, Hie meet lag broke uu ,wUm»l » »'»gie bU>w' ""? u,us e",de.d, tm» ¿If the most glorious events winch the annals of («rfiug afford,-Satirist. 