DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. We insert for the information of the Public an Abstract of all the Public Sales which will take place from this Day's to our next Publication. THIS DAY. MR. BLACKMAN-At his Rooms, King-street, at half-past Six o'c'ock in the evening, Books. MR. BLACKMAN-Upon the Premises, at Twelve o'clock, Five Allotments of Building Ground, in Goulburn-street, and Market-lane. MR. BLACKMAN-At the Stores of Messrs. A. &. S. Lyons, Pitt-street, at Eleven o'clock, Yellow Soap, Wine, and Harness. MR. LYONS-At his Rooms, George street, at Eleven o'clock, Flour, Biscuit, Househould Furniture, &.c TO-MORROW. MR. BLACKMAN-At his Rooms, King-street, at half-past Six o'clock in the evening, Books. MU. POLACK-At the London Tavern, George-street, Twenty-two Allotments of the Burwood Estate, and Eight Allotments at Powell's Bridge. MK. HEBBLEWHITE-On the Pre- mises, at Eleven o'clock, Leasehold Property in Bathurst-street. Mr. J. P. LLOYD-On the Premises, at Eleven o'clock, Freehold Property, and a Grant from the Crown, at Campbell Town. WEDNESDAY. MR. LYONS-At his Rooms, George street, at Eleven o'clock, Ironmongery and Sundries. Hypochondriacs, and others who may wish to disperse the "blue devils" would do well in paying a visit to the Theatre this evening, where Mrs. Jones has given no- tice to provide all who require the same with "A cure for the Heart-ache," and many other good things. A recently formed Society of Mechanics for the " protection of trade," has, after a short struggle given up, the ghost ; and a meeting was called on Monday evening last, at the Robin Hood, for the purpost of announcing the fact to the brotherhood, and for considering the best means of dis- posing of the funds. A sharp discussion commenced among the craft on the occa- ion, one " gentleman" suggesting the wisdom of a " blow out" as the wind up of the "concern." Another worthy member, when the discussion rose to a con- siderable height on this occasion, rose and begged- that the gentlemen would not put themselves out of the way, as he would be very happy to relieve them of all further trouble, by taking the matter out of their hands if quite agreeable ; the discussion arose to a very considerable height, when a grave gentleman who sat smoking very quietly in a corner, rose, and in a very neat address proposed that the matter should be disposed of a-la-Crib; the gentlemen wot had been " lagged" ginst the free " emigranters;" this motion re- quiring some consideration, the .* meeting" adjourned until this evening, when some sport is anticipated. The new Township of Berrima as yet does not display any appearances of im- provement, owing probably to the slow progress made in the erection of the new Gaol and Court-house. The period al- lotted for the completion of those buildings was two year, but although one year and upwards has already elapsed, the wall has not yet reached the level of the earth ; the foundation of the Court-house is not yet dug out; and some fears are already entertained that neither of these buildings, which are of vital importance to the ex- tensive tract of Country, of which Ber- rima is the centre, will ever be completed, Unless some prompt and judicious ar- rangements be effected. A considerable por= tion of the allotments in the Township, recently sold by the' Government, were purchased at high prices, but the pro- prietors have not yet found any en- couragement to build, owing to the very little progress made in the public buildings now in course of erection, and which na- turally exercises an influence in the general character of a new Township. The only, work worth noticing which gives any evidence of progress, is a large stone Bridge, upon which an Iron Gang is em- ployed, but his Will yet be a considerable period before it is completed.-(From a Correspondent.) The Supreme Court was adjourned on Thursday morning last, until Saturday morning, there being no cases ready for trial. On Saturday,morning it was again adjourned until this day, their Honors the Chief Justice aud Mr. Justice Burton being unable to attend from indisposition. On Thursday last, Mrs. Chester made a very successful appearance at the Sydney Theatre in the Opera of Clari, and gave evident proofs of superior theatrical and musical attainments. We intended to have given a long analyses of Thursday's per- formances, but will defer our comments upon Mrs. Chester's talents until a future opporlunity. The name of this actress will no doubt attract full houses for some time to come, especially when it is known that Mrs. Chester has played with success at the patent Theatres of London. Extract of a letter from Windsor, dated October 2 : A good deal of rain fell in this neigh- bourhood during last Thursday evening, and most of the following day, which has well saturated the earth and the grass begins to grow, the wheat crops also have put on their vernal attire. Wheat, how every will be very scarce, as many farmers waited for rain to soften the ground before they could plough for wheat ; some coming, they did not sow, consequently they " will not reap.'' Those who did sow will reap about one-third of an average crop. Very little hay will be made this year for the reason--above stated, and hay will be high next year. We have now a good pros- pect of maize, as this is the season for planting, and the vacant wheat lands will be cropped with the former grain forth- with ; this will obviate a good deal, the want of wheaten flour." On Thursday last, the Horses Gratis and Velocipede, imported by Captain Daniels, were offered for sale by auction, by Mr. Samuel Lyons, at Walker's Hole., Parramatta. Gratis was bought in for 350 ) and > Guineas. Velocipede. for 300 ) The following' were sold by auction. The Horse Bennelong, to Dr. Sherwin.: £84 0 0 The Horse Rowton, to N. Lawson, Esq. - 55 13 0 A Bay Horse, to T. H. James 25 0 0 A chesnut Horse, to J. B.Jones 22 0 0 By Private Contract. A grey Mare, to F. M; Mundy, Esq. ... 35 0 0 £221 13 0 The Lecture at the Mechanics' School of Arts for Wednesday next, will be deli- vered by Dr. Baud, being the first of a series on the -philosophical and mecha- nical properties of the atmosphere. The Emigrant females-per Canton will, it is said, disembark this morning at the Dock Yard, and proceed to the rear of Government House, where temporary ac- commodation has been provided for them. The American ship Corvo has brought up 800 barrels of flour, &c.; &c.; ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &.C. A licensed Hawker named Hollings- worth, was robbed on Monday, evening last, in a public-house on the Brickfield hill, of £20, which was forcibly taken from his person by three men to whorn he had injudiciously made a display of his money. Three men, free stonemasons, were apprehended on the charge, and are now in custody. The light fingered tribe of Sydney ap- pear to have a peculiar regard for Mr. Iredle's frying pans which are exposed tor sale at the door, several petty larceny thieves having been recently convicted of the offence. On Wednesday last, a female named Barrington, went into the shop and purchased a saucepan, and on retiring, perceiving the coast clear, helped herself to two frying pans, with which she made a precipitate retreat, but being observed by a person at the time, she was taken into custody. Pilfering to a considerable extent has open discovered in the stores of Captain Millet, and a quantity of oil and essence of peppermint to the value of £25 has been traced to the possession of a retail dealer and a publican, who are in custody on the charge. It is said that Dr. Reid, of Argyle, was stopped near Bargo Brush, a few days ago, by armed bushrangers, and robbed of twenty sovereigns, and some other pro- perty. Ten men were received in the Sydney Gaol on Friday last, charged with cattle stealing , housebreaking, &c.; in the interior. Forgery -On Thursday last, an order was presented to Robert Campbell, Esq., of Bligh-street, purporting to have beem drawn by Mr. W. H. Chapman, of Dar- ling Harbour, for £30. On its presentation, Mr. C. immediaately prononced it a for- gery, but the prosentor said that all doubts could easily be set at rest by sending for Mr. Chapman, or sending the order to him for-his report hereon, and he would re- turn in an hour ; the order was sent to Mr. Chapman, who pronounced it a forgery, and observed that the person who presented it, would surely not call again but contrary to expectation, he was punc- tual to his time, and was handed over to the police. On Thursday last, Mr. Rich, clerk to Mr. Long, left a horse on wliich he had been riding, at the door of the stables for a few seconds, during which time, the saddle and bridle were taken away ; it was subsequently traced io the possession of the groom, who stated that it was merely a lark, to teach Mr. Rich the danger of leaving saddled horses without some per- son to take care of them ; he was given into custody, and was subsequently com- mitted for trial. COORONER'S INQUESTS. An Inquest was held on Friday last, at the house of his father, in Clarence- street, on the body of a young man named John Brigual, who had died that morning, in consequence of having swallowed a quan- tity of arsenic the evening previously Verdict, that the deceased poisoned himself whilst labouring under a temporary aber- ration of mind. The cause of committing the melancholy act is involved in mystery. A report has reached Sydney, that a soldier in charge of some prisoners in an Iron Gang on the Bathurst Road, had murdered one of the men by shooting him through the body. A Coroner's Inquest had been held on the deceased, and a verdict of Wilful Murder returned. 