POLICE INCIDENTS. A free hired servant to W H McKenzie, Esq. of the Bank of Australia was brought up for em- bezzement, under the following circumstances: It appeared that Mr McKenzie having had occasion to leave home, returned earlier than might have been expected, and found the prisoner drunk, who, on being reproved became insolent, he therefore discharged him from his service , since which, numerous applications had been made by baker, butcher, fishmongers and others for the pavment of bills, the amount of which had been given to the prisoner, for the purpose of paying for the articles when delivered but which he had kept from time to time, and appropriated it to his own use , making frivolous excuses to the respective parties, that his master had no change, or was busy. &c; the individuals of course had no objection to make Mr M their debtor, and went away on the various occasions quite satisfied. While the prisoner stood be- tween the claimants and his master, inventing innumerable and ingenious excuses, the ma- chinery of this very common fraud amongst servants in New South Wales, worked tolerably well; but he was no sooner removed, than Mr M. was surprised to find a number of applicants at his door for debts which he was unconscious of eyer having contracted. A butchers account for dogs' meat for the space of twelve weeks, was handed in, the money for which had been re- gularly given to the prisoner, which he, of course, put into his pocket, and ordered it to be booked two or three poor men with fish were put off in the same way; the baker and sundry others, to gether with Mr Carrick of Bridge street, whose account for mangling linen came to £1 4s. 3d., under the same circumstances. The prisoner was remanded for the evidence of the several parties concerned He was again brought up on the following day and committed for trial. William Stephens, an intinerant fowl merchant, was brought forward charged with embezzling two pairs of fowls, the property of his employer, Thomas Denton, a dealer in fowls. It appeared that the prisoner was put in possession of six pairs of fowls for the purpose of making sale of them as well as he could, at a certain price , all he could obtain over which, to be bona fide and indisputibly, his own ; but to be sure and bring the birds home again, in the event of not meeting a customer at the set price. With these golden prospects William sat out---the melliduoi s notes ' Fine Fowls, fine Fowls!' reverberating along the streets, he had not proceeded far however, when a kindred spirit, whose harmonious sounds of "Who's for a hot pie now ? fell upon his ear ; and not forgetting the amiable precept, that " brethren should dwell together in unity.'' Wil- liam vociferated to his friend at the other end of the street, the ever welcome invitation to " a ball.'' At this very eventful crisis in the history of his day's proceedings, for it must be inferred that William started sans a half-penny, a lady oppor- tunely made a purchase of a pair of the best fowls, and put him in a happy condition to meet his friend in a genteel way, instead of going upon tick. Into the ''Cat and Bagpipes," or the ''Pig and Whistle," we wont be certain which, the jovial pair proceeded, the music of their respective professional voices producing at the door, a de- lightful "accord of sweet sounds;" which, united with the music of William's Pockets, threw the jolly landlady of the Cat and Bagpipes into ex- tacics. Half-and-half, Bengal, &c.; &c;, responded to each other in harmonious unison, until Wil- liam's upper man, acquiring a specific gravity peculiar to the circumstances of the case, came in contact with the legs of the table ; and there was for the present, leave him ; wrapped in blissful oblivion, the hours rolled by with velocity. _But not so with the master, anxious for his return, or rather the return of the cash, as the dull evening began to spread her mantle around, he became peculiarly impatient, and sat out in quest of the fugitive merchant ; but after peregrinating the town and its environs, he was returning home in despair, venting his displeasure on the memory of the hapless William, by a copious discharge of imprecations, when late, together with an irresist- ible passion for some of the " half-and- half" for which the Cat and Bagpipes is renowned, led him across its threshhold ; he had but just sipped however, when an unaccountable presentiment led him into the yard, where lo! upon a mound of earth, vulgarly styled a dunghill, his enquiring and anxious eyes were saluted by the sight of the lost William, peacefully reclining thereon, his head supported by four couples of ''fine fowls," which, participating in the joys of the day, had in extacy, given up the ghost, and lay as quiet at their master. A few buckets of water brought William back again to life, and himself with the remains of his commercial speculation, were lugged out, though to far different destinies ; he to the watchhouse, and they to the pot. To account for the remainder of the stock in trade, was a thing quite impossible ; how could a man tell what had become of them under such circumstances? it was unreasonable to ask such questions, Thus did William get rid of all interrogatives on the sub- ject, and now stood to answer for the faus par before their worships. The complainant wished the Bench to deal as leniently with him as possible as he was in general an honest fellow, and would no doubt, agree to make good the deficiency out of his future services. The Bench finding that there was no decisive proof as to the embezilement discharged the prisoner, on a promise to concede to the proposal of his master. Thomas Mozely and wife, were brought for- ward, charged with assaulting a Gentleman named Doyle, who has rendered himself rather obnoxious among a large majority of the King's lieges in St. Giles, by the very essential Services he has oc- casionally rendered, in lodging distress warrants and therefore is dubbed with the familiar, though rather unpolite cognomen of " humble footed Doyle," having had the misfortune to have some malformation of a foot, which, in their spleen they have likened to a similar appendage belong- ing to a high functionary of the dark regions. Mr. Doyle, presenting his forehead to the bench, which he assured their worships had been severely cut, stated that he had received directions from the landlord of the defendants, to levy a distress warrant for certain arrears of rent, and proceeded to their residence in Phillip-street, to execute the same ; when he politely rapped at the door, which was opened immediately, defendant thinking it was an order for a pair of shoes ; but on observing the unwelcome, and rather ominous proboscis of complainant, protruding itself forward, he made an effort to slum it to, which had he effected, would no doubt have curtailed the organ afore- said of some of its fair proportions ; but complain- ant was before hand with him, or more properly speaking, afoot the best of him, for he had inserted his foot, not the best one, between the door and the jam, and so prevented its shutting ; by a de- termined effort, however, complainant got in holus bolus, as Mr. Doyle would say, and assumed very large consequence ex officio ; when defendant began also to cut capers, and begged leave to assure him, that if he did not immediately take himself off, " he would be hanged for him," and suiting the action to the word, seized a " last" which he di- rected against the os frontis of Mr. Doyle with all his might and main and as reckless of the con sequences as if he had been playing at shy against an old tea pot ; Mrs. Mozely. too, ran at him, as he expressed it, "like a lion," and it was unknown what might have been the consequence of a wo- man's rage, had he not adroitly got out of the door, which he was glad to do with his life. Mr. Doyle called another gentleman, named Dacey, his official assistant, who not being good at Eng- lish, the Chief Magistrate enquired if there was any one in the office who could undertake to in- terpret the Irish language, when a son of Saint Patrick bawled out, Arrah my honies, and it's I that will, is n't it the street language of my fore- fathers, who are lineally descended from Brian Boru the Great. The magistrate stated in dis- tinct terms the question to be proposed to Mr. Dacy, but Pat not understanding English him- self, as well as he did " the language of his forefa- thers," an indispensible qualification for an inter- preter on the occasion, smiled at his worship, and said, " by by sowl my jewel, that's a puzzler'' His worship dismissed the " interpreter" and managed to wade through the matter without him. The case being fully considered, the defendant was bound over to keep the peace for twelve months, to all his Majesty's subjects, but particularly to- wards Mr. Doyle. The case being rather slight against Mrs. Mozely she was discharged. 