The Sydney Herald. i, MONDAY. MAY 25, 1835. " Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I." . WE have refrained from noticing the new Regulations for the Assignment of Servants, until we cou'.d obtain opinions from gentle- men, whose practical knowledge and en jargea experience might assist us in our endeavours to arrive at a just conclusion on this violent alteration*. A general opi- nion is entertained, that the new Regu a tion is a Whig attack upon the property of the country. Not satisfied with the destruc- tion of the West India Colonies, or with the disgraceful proceedings in China, the late Ministry appear to have sanctioned this plan of Governor Bourke's, without one valid reason being assigned for the discon- tinuance of the old System. If complaints were made, did not His Excellency refuse to investigate them ? We do not blame bim', for they proceeded from men whose names would not have borne the light notorious grumblers, whose sp'een became excited, when they heard of their neigh- bours obtaining Servants, although, their o vn establishments were out of all propor- tion to" the extent of their stock, or their legitimate c'aims upon the Assignment Board. Before any violent measure of this sort was introduced, the Government ought to have been able to prove ; first, that the old System was bad ; secondly, that the new plan was an improvement. How did His Excellency proceed twelve months ago, to collect the suffrages of the People ? We regret that we are unable to furnish our Readers with the government proceedings in any other quarter except Hunter's River"; the inhabitants of which are as far in advance of the other parts of the Colony in public spirit and independence, as Sir Francis Burdett is to Sir John Jamison. We restrict our illustration to the Whig School. About the month of March, last year, four circulars were despatched from the Private Secretary's Office, marked private and confidential, to Hunter's River, pray- ing for information on the topic of Assign- ments; two of these were addressed to Offi- cers of the 17th Regiment, Captains Forbes and Anley, two valuable authorities upon any military subject upon whjch His Ex- cellency might require information or in- struction, but, knowing as much about Assignments as His Excellency did him se f. Captain Forbes, who had been three months at Hunter's River, was permitted to ask people in the neighbourhood for advice and information on this momentous ?ubject. This gentleman who, during his abort residence, had become extremely po- pular, soon poured in admass of information audarjiinneatwhich appears to have checked some of the more mischievous parts of the scheme, for it was originally much worse than the plan now promulgated ; and for this, the Colony is much indebted to Cap- tain Forbes, and to the gentlemen who assisted him in so ab'c a manner. Captain Anley possessed the advantage of a longer residence at Maitland, than Captain Forbes, and [accordingly he was not permitted to advise the Maitland Peo- ple, not eveni to consult the Magistrates who assisted him in dispensing Justice. This gallant Captain of Infantry was to form his own opinion, and was not allowed to seek information from the settlers and graziers of his district. In addition to these, circulars were despatched to two private individuals, requesting their opin- ions, viz : John Wighton, Ebq., of Wigh ton Hall, and of Brandon, at that time His Excellency's intimate friend and con- fidential adviser upon Hunter's River af- fairs, and W. Ogilvie, Esq., of Merton, who then occupied the same position to the Chief Justice, that Mr. Wighton did to the Governor. We shall not annoy Messrs. Wighton and Ogilvie by any remarks upon the answers they returned, or by enquiring whether they he'd such prominent stations in society at the Hunter as to render their opinionsofmore value than those of the thou- sand and one other settlers who were not con- sulted. The names of Wighton and Ogil- vie are equally unknown in Downing street, and their certificates to the wisdom of His Excellency's regulation, were no ', doubt very satisfactory- But is this sort of inquiry to satisfy the Colony ? Will the recommendation of the measure by the two settlers,-for both the Captains condemned it,-convince the intelligent Settlers, whose property is placed in jeopardy, of the wis " dom of a measure so unnecessary and so uncalled for ? When General Darling pro- posed to make an alteration in the sea e of Convict Rations and Clothing did he write four circulars .marked PRIVATE, to two Officers and two Settlers ? No. He as- sembled a numerous body of practical agri- culturists, and acted upon their advice, in instituting a measure which proved satis- factory to all parties, and by a piece of extraordinary good fortune happened to be in comp'ete operation before Governor Bourke's arrival, and remains in force to this day. To shew the advantages which wou'd have accrued from following General Darling's precedent, we mention a plan which has been communicated to us by a genfeman who has devoted much at- tention to Convict Discipline. He proposes that on the Assignment of a Convict, his master shall be furnished with a parch- ment document, stating the man's name, sentence, crime and previous occupation ; that no Convict shall be punished with- out the production of this parchment by the Master, and that the Magistrate after the sentence shall indorse on the parchment the date, new offence and pun- ishment, that th"s perpetual record shall accompany the Convict through al his pe- regrinations, and that when his period of probation has expired, the production of this document shall at once determine his claim to a Ticket-of-Leave. The clerks of the different Benches might keep books, in which copies of the parchments could be entered, to obviate the inconvenience which may arise from the accidental loss of the Parchments. Had General Bourke de- sired to col'ert the opinions of the public, he would have'had the advantage of promu' »ating this most sagacious and Statesman- like proposition, but which honor has, in consequence, devolved upon the Sydney Herald. The Colonists object to the regulation, because it evidently proceeds from a wish to gratify the cupidity of the Whig Government, by forcing on an extended sa'e of land. Many judicious individuals think that the money abstracted from the floating .capital of the Co'ony in payment for land sold by the Government, is excessive, and calcu'ated to lead to financial embarrassment ; but the operation of this wild measure of assignment, will increase the rabid desire of land buying ten-fold, as the only means of securing an adequate supply of Convict servants. Land and la- bour, the two grand elements of prosperity, wil: become increased in value-the rate of profits wi 1 be reduced by the operation of this absurd scheme, which with, the true sp:rit of political poptíry, His Exce'lency declares to be so perfect as not to admit of | " a departure from its plain meaning-." We do not deny that the class of small settlers will be much benefitted by these regulations, but they happen to be precisely the parties who ought to be discouraged from haviiig Convicts in their service. People who really understand the situation of'lhe agriculturists, are well aware that the small settlers on the alluvial lauds, admit their Convicts to their tables-to their rum drinking parties, that the;r intercourse is of the most familiar disruption. Restraint and reformation are not to be expected under- these circumstances, and General Bourke, by placing a lanse number of Convicts in such situations, must prepare lo answer accusations which may give him as much annoyance as the Hunter's River Petitions. The class immediately above the oue already mention- ed, is most hardly dealt with by the new regulations, they compose the most valu- able body of Colonists we possess, EMIGRANTS who have received grants of from I to 4 sections of land, who supply our markets willi wheat, maize, bacon, dairy produce and tobaccot'' According to the unfair calculation of the Government, a Dungaree or small Convict settler, just emancipated, and having taken a nominal lease exceeding three years, 'is allowed an , assigned servant for every 20 acres of I cultivation, while the respectable emigrant gets one for every 40 acres only. Surely the cultivation of land is as difh'cu.t to the one class as to the other, an impartial assignment would therefore dictate at least an equal number of men for a given quantity of cul- tivated land. We shall no doubt be told by Mr. Holden, that the section settler will get 4 men-assigned for such a quantity of land, besides those allowed for his culti- vation ; but the men will be occupied in matters" not appertaining to cultivation, such asastock-man, ashepherd, a dairyman, or pig- man ; the poor emigrant therefore will have to conduct his cultivation with only half the number of bands, allowed to bis Convict neighbour. But the emigrants are men of intelligence, they arc much given to reading the Herald ; in one part of the Colony they haye beon guilty of the unpardonable act of petitioning the King against grievances, winch His Excellency refused to. redress or enquire into. The Dungarees on.theother hand are principally interested in the price of rum, and, the abundance of public houses ; andas they consider both these questions to be in a satisfactory stale at present, there is no apprehension felt in any quarter of petitions emanating from theni. The next class in the scale are the Capitalists, who have largo flocks and herds. Much of their capital and profits have already passed into the bauds of the Collector of Internal Revenue; to this they have been stimulated by the desire of preserving their runs, and maintaining their position from the competition of in- truders and new settlers. Those who have been lavish in their purchases under the new system, will not be materially incon- venienced by the operation of the Bourke Code of Assignments ; but the prudent man, and the poorer man, will now be com- pelled to enter into the vortex of Land Spe I dilation ; the prudent man must cast away his caution, his poorer neighbour must mortgage and borrow, then mortgage his purchased land, buy more, until ho ar- rives to be the lord of as many sec- tions as will enable him to obtain from Government as many convicts as will per- mit him to conduct his u&ual; operations. But what a specimen of paternal Govern- ment-what an additional claim does it give General Bourke to the affections of the Colony. Lords Nugent and Sligo will be dying with jealousy of this unequalled piece of Whiggery, and the ghost of Lord Napier will certainly become a visiter at G overnment House. Wo have perused an important document published by the Government of this Colony in relation to the rate of increase of Emi- gration for the last five years, and the consequent expenses arising from Bounties Loans, and Advances to Emigrants. This we think should be generally disseminated, and for this purpose we present it to our readers in our paper of this day. It is well known, that the funds in ques- tion, have been concealed from Colonial inspection, and therefore erroneous views have been entertained on the subject, which it would appear the proceedings themselves did not justify. We think, therefore, the Government have acted judiciously, in publishing the document, as the best answer that could be given in reply to such suggestions. The subject appeared to every unprejudiced mind, a tissue of corruption and jobbery, and, enough re- mains to convince us, that many abuses exist in the system ; yet they are not of that appalling magnitude and character, which the absence of these documents would lead us to expect. Although £70,000 have been collected for land, yet it appears that the sum of £10,000 only is applied for purposes of Emigration in one year. Whether this restricted sum is expended for the be- nefit of the Mother Country,which advances an equal sum, or to prevent the overflow consequent upon the application of a larger sum for Emigration, it is not easy to deter- mine. But it becomes a question of some importance to know where that surp.us is deposited, how it shall be appropriated, and if a portion might not with advantage be laid out on our Hoads and Bridges. The animadversions made by the Press itr Britain, and the Colony, have led to the Instructions that have lately reached this Country, respecting the payment by the Colonists of £25,000 per annum fur the Police ; and the appropriation of the sur- plus Revenue from t.,o Sale of Land above the £10,000 per annum applied for pro- moting Emigration. The same animad- versions have led to the appointment of a Committee of the Council to investigate the subject of Emigration in general. It were desirable that the system authorising the Sale of Land could be taken into con- sideration at the same time ; by which any mau importing any number of his family, and domestics, should be placed on an equality in his right to receive a propor- tionate Grant of Land. If the introduction of Settlers be the objects of Government, it is surely a more desirable plan to give the value of the passage-money in land, to a free Emigrant who pays his family's passage, than to throw au obstacle in his way by causing him to pay for the latter, and on arrival to payalso for his land, which sum is to be directly applied for bringing out other parties. No subjects ar« more worlhy of attention than these; Both of them, as will be perceived, have operated against the interests of the Colony, at least during the year 1834. The Council should examine all judicious persons capable of furnishing information on the subject of Emigration on sound principles. We have no anticipation that this is a Govern- ment measure, nor will any whipping-in be exercised to carry a favourite point. Above all, the Committee should protest against the disbursement of £10,000 yearly of Colonial Keveline, by Agejits without re sponsibility, who.send unworthy characters to the Colony, whose proceedings and dis- appointments have given a blow to Emi- gration on good principles, for some time to come. The document we allude to, which will be found in another part of the Herald, is a return of the number of free persons who have arrived in New South Wales, from 1st January 1829, to 31st December, lt>34. It will appear, from* this statement, that the expenses already incurred, for the im- portation of persons as a mere article of traffic, is not extravagant. But it is at- tended with a great evil ,that obstacles are placed in the way of the Emigrant who pays his own passage; and men of pro- perty are deterred from emigrating by this consideration, and from the conception of insecurity attending property, and the dan- ger of personal safety. Under all disad- vantages, however, it is consolatory to reflect, notwithstanding, the distance from England, that in five years, 7,585 persons have emigrated, viz., 2,885 men, 2,729 women, and 1,071 children, most of them in the prime of life, and infusing into our society English Ideas, and habits of indus- try, which may be employed with advan- tage fur the benefit of this Colony, by de- stroying to a certain degree, the corrupting taint which penal discipline spreads ov«r the country iii its remotest districts. Out of these materials some important reformation on Colonial Society will.take its rise, and it is the duty of the Government to promote the scheme of Emigration, not as it has been conducted, but founded on liberal, judicious, and practical principies. The miserable parsimony which denies a deduc- tion in the purchase of land, to the gentle- man with a family, a mechanic who pays hispassage-money,on- honorableprinciples, should he plainly and bo'dly laid before the Ministry by the Council. It appears im- possible, that a liberal Tory Government can deny this request. We, as Emigrants, ask no Bounty'-we do not require a pur- chaser of land in the Colony to ¡pay i'100 per section in order to pay for our passa^e monoj', but we ask an abatement in the purchase of land, proportionate to our ex- penses in Janding our families on these shores. We make this the standard of our claims. Such claims can be verified to the satisfaction of the Colonial Government by affidavits and receipts, without the possibi- lity of collision. This princip'e should also have a retrospective effect since tho first of July, 1831. Poon Mr. Holden appears to be deeply mortified at the casrtgation we lately admi- nistered to him on the subject of his answer to the shipmasters. He bas caused his Newspaper to be put in motion, and to make war upon us after his own delightful fashion. We are ca'led " peri" and « supercilious fags and dunces"-all of which we largely approve, as offering to the intelligent of all parties, l'ie rn°st compendious and satis- factory pTOI>f> '¡'-"rt he and his patron are in the wrong- They commit a sad mistake when they quote the Statute book in a pas- sion, instead of calmly inquiring into the grievances of the shipping interest. Do they suppose that talking in,the jargon of lawyers will annihilate abuses which de- mand instant remedy? Will a bit of Newspaper, with the 13 Geo. III. and 2 Gul. IV. printed upon it, answer our searching criticism ? Or prevent the ship- owners and merchants frotti combining, as it is called by the Australian f We are Ejlad to find that, in this respect, our advice has been taken by the shipping interest ; and the manifold complaints of Archdeacon Broughton, Sir Edward Parry, Major Mitchell, the Hunter's River people, will be fo'lowed'by that influential body, the shipowners and merchants of London trad- ing to the Australian Colonies. 