„* LITERATURE. ?.Journal, of the 'Heaut, — Edited by' tlie 'Authoress of ' Flirtation.' Coch rnne,and Co.-— This volume is distinguished by the clecnnc'e and variety of.itB. contents^ «l in J .- l.ll«3 iiuiiiiicms vi ;iiic.-iiio» pt.1 ivo^iiid jm ?fairly be congi ululated on the birth of-n second. It opens with' a fueling tribute'to ' the memory of the lu'te'TIon. 'Anne Sey . mour'Damer. In most of the (ales there is much tejiderners. The verses wo , subjoin will- give' some videavJof 'thb* Jfair-oulhor's lone:— / :- ;',v , :, ;',:-»;?* ^» KiJ?'r-'$*' -» *?' ' Alone I can recnl the joy, ,» 'J'he only joy thiitjoVr, was mine,* ? Feed oh the bliss which did hot 'cloy,, i. , '? ?r . ' A nd -which despair could not destroy'-^' .'. .. f'J'wns brie/, but 'twas divine.' ., .: f i' - . '-.'?' '?? /- .^.i-,.- ? .*; Then tako .me from ihoM/usyUhrong, . ? ' 'Ami 'give mn nil my denrjov'd drenms ; Give me those tones from fancy's tongue, lAko angels' hnrp, the spheres among, 'That Host o'er whispering Gtrenms. ' 'But bear me fnr.from 'worldly. noise, :» l''rom nil of kind that's common ; .Suoh course reali I y destroys. The worship which my -heart employs, ' . And-fmakes me more tlnm-woman.' We, ore induced to ndd'~'Vn nnecilote',' which will be found to bear n strong re eomblnnce lo a fact of recent uccuience:' — : ' A, Mr. Cox (commonly cnlled Jumper ?Cox,) being atLaily Rotlies', near Oxford, \vas desirt-d by .hur to pronouncn a fow l.ntih sentences, by way of persuading her Bervnnls, who' 8ii'ppos«d the house to bo Iiauuted, that he win n conjuror, and hud banishL'd the ghost lo tho Red Sea — ? You imi'ist excuse me,' snid he, ? for in truth I nm not myself convinced of tho absurdity of.such persuasions; and my reoson is, be cause 1: once . fniic,ied thnt I saw my mother in-law come to my bed-side, »nd undraw the,curtaiiis; sho then told me that my wife v. ot'ild iiio before I lie end of thu year. ? A« for myself;! she added, ? you will never see mo ngnin, for 1 wm buried last night; I wns'nottietu'l — but nil is ovur with m» now.' Tlid-next;jnqrning I hastened to Wai ling ford,, w lit to niy ..mother-in-law resided.;^!} found that she had -been seized with o-coni-j tngious-'fevor — had died; and had .been' buried immediately, exactly' on the. night, and at;Ilievh'our.\vhich the 'ghost had men tioned.' *I ; wished .to,: have had the coffin opened ; bu't the -clergyman representing that it i could, -now be of no service, and-might crctite..'great dUcontent among alie populace, I desisted. «'Bu»»wlinl sur |iiised me much was, that though I men tibned'tlio c'neumstanco to no one but the clergyman, whose interest it was to conceal ' it, severaltwedts afterwards, a young lady in a distant pairl of the county said to me, ? Bless me, Mr. Cox, I had the strangest dream last night! 1 Ihoiignt 'your mother in- law, enme to (my bed-'sicle, and told me 'tlint«Micllail'betu buried alive al'Walling ford,'' . V ',. ' JSxtfait'froin Lard ''Brougham's Speech v for the Brojecdon of. Religious Liberty. ?'l.litivV now to talce my .leave- of you, by a'gaih expressing my grateful- sense of 'yourT kind, reception of mo this day. It ? Ifas 'jusl.'lieen 'said b'y^Dr. Morrison, that as long' as'' I-- continue to hold the opinions I always have., held? so long 'I should find a IVvonrBule'rceepllon from my fellow coun trymen. A'imtluT gcnilemon has said, nnd, lirihut pl\rt oMiis speech God knoAVS.how liraitily !? concur with him, that ho ralhcr kre'i'iiced t»« my'*not .heing in oOice. I too \cjnUo in'boliig released from llie trnirmflB V wKcli I havo been Tor many yenrs held \tiyWirofessionol nnd minisUirial capacity, \iB\at a. somewhat udvanci'd period of ''KsVddle nge ; tlipugh,' llianka.be lo ''Yin in the |iossession of as-much slrenVth'-Rtid' health as T ever 'enjoyed, '(great cheering^— 7S0 wholesome' a thing is 1 won't say idleness, but liberty- — so whole: some is freedom for the body as well as the mind. But that I have these opinions tc day, or that I would attend a meeting ql my intelligent 'Countrymen to day, being out of office, one whit more than 1 should .have done, being in office, 1 must really ;take leave to 'deny, because it is totally .contrary to the fuel. 'I have expressed; 116 one sentiment to day that -I did not express kwhen ' I was. Chancellor1 of this , United ^Kingdom. 'Ica'nriot.tell,'where else I liove expressed tlicni. -It, would ill become me. Not only in Purliatnehi have I done so, but at one or two public meelings'-which' I have attended. A great fuss, indeed, has been ?mode' about my attending, those meetings, ? find I remninedin office.! would, in con sequence, o.f that fuss, have attended meet ings of my -countrymen more than e'veri (cheers.) /Gentlemen, that J shall always hold the same opinions '1 now do,, is more than it becomes a fallible being to say. I chilli cease to hold llieni when riiy reason is convinced^and my judgment satisfied thnt '1 have hitherto -been in the wrong.; 'but that thai nlone',v;'a8y it only can by possibilitj-. justify, so will it tempt me, lo alter, lay-down, or conceal my opinion's, I 'may m-?st confidently assert (cheers.) I 'think the long' experience you have had. ol me, in power and in opposition, will entitle you at once lo believe me, (cheers.) , It.'is that which has recommonded 'me*',,to. -tlio ^kindness of. my fellow- countryirien.^lt' is -tliKt'cduVse'.of life wliich has given-riie^their auctions; and it is that which they are pleased to reward by the highest and proud est eulogiums that -men can bestow on their fellow man— thjeir confidence arid support in doing goodHvoiks (cheers.) That con fidence I enjoy, and that support I shall ?have, without the least regard to whether I am in .power or apart from, power, .or -iti opposition to. power, which I shall only -.be when, my conscience and duty direct it. If, indeed, you had ever/teen that I wa9 a person capable of taking up an opinion for the purpose of the hour; or of mitigating an opinion of opposition to abuse, or of resistance lo oppression, or even in relax ing: only that resista'ilce -'so fur as to show thnt 1 could e nil 11 re or 'be a party to the persecution of a tyrant, or the intolerance of oh oppression*— -if '-you had ever seen, that in order to court .higher favour, or conciliate-any Ministerial^friend, or even to gratify any Clianiber of Parliament, by joining and chiming in with the popular voice' when '1; thought -.the people were in the, wrong, that ^1 . was ,a - person of. that ..tlescription,— —then you 'might expect' thnt iinving- takenMjp opinions, from interest, or hidden them from fear', or laid them down to serve a purpose, I might be capable of playing the same base and dirty gomo again for the lucre of^gain, or for that which is a statesman's currency — :lhe lucre of -place, winch 'lie miscalls power, but -which is slavery, and not power, — then '.you might Jiiive^ihought that JL was a persop not to be trusted whether 'ilt^di'ffi'r^d -_w iili you f.or 'differed from others'; and then might my friends lament that I had so obscured the light- thai till then had over shone upon my path. - But they know the .contrary— alley know .that I have always/ in power end in opposition, been steady to the principles which first enlisted me iiilhe service of .the people (cheers.) They 'luiow and' :thoy fuel,, for they liaverexpcrirnce^tb tell them' '—whatever pains though others may have taken to moke them forget it(cheers)-— that there is no memy of the people who lias' not been my declared and uncensing ? foe ; that there is no oppressor of tho w'ealt who doe's not also reserve from- his quiver some poisoned arrow to level at me.; that there i« no apostate from his principles (tremejj* doiis cheering,) who thinks he hus suffici-'V cully earned the vile \ynges of his iniquity if ho has not-Vin addition to all the/fulmi -nalions, all the.carpings nnd cavillings at those principlesMyhiuh he has deserted reserved a portion of his vile material where'wilh to bespatter me; that -they who are llie euemius of freedom havojionoured mo by making my naVne tho object of their hostility; that they who oppress the .peo ple have also endeavoured-'to hunt me down ; that I and ihey know, and the people know, and, so knowing, the one feels exultation in it, as the o.ther feels despair, thai the men who have stood by mehave found Ihey 'are in the righl,' and that they who have nttacked liberty, jus lice, freedom of -conscience; liberal policy, enlightened views, or have deserted those who: support them, or have looked on as neutrals, wuiting llie result, have also dis covered thnt they have lost their character without 'gaining lUeir dirty ends (cheer's.) Cncouraged by your reception of me — ani- mated by the approval of their honest and enlightened fellow countrymen— and in spirited by the glorious nature of the race set before them, I hope and trust -tlntl this cxnniplp, though in llie person of a freble individual, will not be without its fruits, and not be devoid of its use; but that it may encburago those who liove 'jet to eurn tho favour of llieir .country to take that steady, jundeviating, and honest course by which, iiBalone'lhot favour can be earned, so by it alone can that. favour be maintained. TliatI have at all times been, as I ever henceforth shall, and do at this time profess myself ready lo', be, ihe enemy of into lerance, the foe of oppression, the pro tectorbf the injured, the redresser of tlios'e grievances which, require the interposition of a public man. to redress' — that I shall never s-hrink from that .course, .from- fear either, of giving offence to the powerful, or umbrage to the squeamish, or alarm lo llie Venk, the feeble 'and Faint-hearted ; hut lhat I slinll oppose those oppressions, and expose the wrongs that have been done, bo - th'i'y iii the -person of the first subject in ihe land, nnd she a Queen (great cheering) or be they in Iho person of a murdered and nmrtyred missionary of God's. truth in the slave colonies, or be they in the persdn of nu humble printer — a uselul and repulab'e citizen of Suffolk; — that I shall oppose tho iyrant'*arm, endeavour to parnlyse tho op pressor's hunt), expose the bigoted head, whether it be covered witn n monk's cowl nr with sv prelnle's mitro ' (tremendous zheeisj — throw open the guiso that covers Dver the wicked heart, whether it throb behind a etissock, or behind lawn ;_tliar :l-ese are my principles, and.'.that they will be;' as they ever 'have been, the guide of,my public .life— ^you and my/country are', as su'retl; arfd ^require of me no'pledge. For: this, you and my country do and will render.: me that justice which I know' and feel I have not'forfeited. [The'Noble Lord I hen bowed nnd retired,' amid tlie most enthu siastic plaudits of tho thousands there as sembled. ] * ' ? Three distinct groans were' then given for The Times, -j and the meeting thereupon1 dispersed. - ,. i- Noble Relations.— Mjss ^Zouch' in' daily expectation of a prison, n fieri suffer ing' great distress, was candidate 'ffor the situation of matron to Stl- -Georgo's' Hos^' pital, when, on tlie day of the election^ it was' reported that Lord L. was about' to settle £200 per annum on lier^.aml conse quently she had no'1 occasion'4'fdr the ap pointment. Not only has this' not been done, but an application to hi?'r noble re latives for £4 11s'. to pay a quarter's rent, proved unsuccessful. ' ~ ' ? ? /Lord Alvanley.— On the way to the ground, when Lord Alvanley' went out to fight Mr. Morgan O'Corinell.on their de scending n hill to the place of meeting, his lordship, who is not the onV.il.lest1' man in the world, jocularly remarked'- to Colonel Darner, ' You are taking me'-down w'ell enough, hut if I-, should fall, how the d — 1 will you ever get me up again',?' ' ,, It is rumoured that it is the intention of. the Princess' Victoria and her mother to visit Ireland in tho course of the -coming' season, and amongst -oilier pnrta-of it not to leave unvisited' the. enchanting scenery of Killdrn'ey. The contemplated .matrimonial alliance between Jle'dworih Lambton, Usq.M.L*. (lirolin-r to the Earl of Durham,) and Miss Anne Bushe, (niece to the Countess Lis towqll,)' will take place in the course of the present monlli. ^Woikiiien have been employed for the last few clay's in .repairing the facades' of 'the PrcitesYa'nt .Chuich at the Hue St. ? Ilonore.atfParis. »( 1 Jl. has been' reported in town that Lord Win. Ben'linck had, been afflicted with a sevnre apioplectic seizure as he was on' the ? point of leaving Calcutta. Air. Sheridan Knowles realized nearly £7CfQ' b'y'\i\s recent benefit at New York. A demelc lately occurred between Sir Roberts, and llie' members of the English Jockey Club at Paris. Sir Robert has, however, been advised to withdraw a letter containing a general challenge to the club. ' The marriage between Cup tain Hastings Doyle ami r Lady Susan North is tempo rarily postponed, in consequence of the severe indisposition of the lady's sister. ?Lady Harriet d'Orsny is arrived. at her house- in ITfipcr 'Grosvenor-street, in the possession of excellent health'; after her long absence from to.wnt '.?*;* 'Vienna. — The departure of Count Or Joff,, the llussinn Ambassador, seems to have been accelerated by the Into minis terial changes 'in England. - That these events must consolidate thp bonds between the three allied .Continental powers is evi dent, and'-we'huve an earnest of the fact in the marked, attention paid by the Austrian court both -to the Prince Royal of llussia and to the Russian envoy. This, warrants a belief that the unionVngninst the spread o_f democratic* principle's, will be more firm than ever. , ^-- ?. \f »-.,. -Pension LisT.^Mr.fD. W. Harvey ha« 'placed -on the Commons'- books a notice iiiril on 'Tuesday, June -J6, lie will move the appointment of 'a' selp'ct -committee to revise the pension list; arid that previously to submitting such motion he will inbve the call of llie;house. - ; . ... .Tlie lat-f -'ambassador from the United -States .'to-'FVance (Mr. Livingston) is op journing for a few days with his family at '-Whiddon's Hotel, 'Plyinoiiih. His Excel lency arrived in the Constitution American frigate, 50 guns', ,460 men, Captain Elliot, bound to ' thej, Dili ted* Stairs from; Havre. The Constitution had been 'off port in heavy weather and fug' for several days -before she bore up,\ - l ' ' '-?,'? The insignia of a K.C.B. h'ai becomo vacant by the demise of ihe Hon. Admiral Sir Arthur Knye Legge, who died at the ?villa of the Dowager Countrss of Dart mouth on Tuesday. The gallant Admiral was son of William, second Earl - of Dart mouth, and uncle of tho present Earl. ' Co'SMori-AMA. — The curious and highly instructive wox model of a female, fashioned externally after the mould of the Venus de Medici, anil displaying interne Hy the ana tomical structure of the. human being with tho utmost ininuiisQ, is about to be disposed of by auction. Hitherto it Jins been'iexlii liited as a show. Henceforth, it is'~to .be hoped, il will find iis'.wuy into some museum of science, and furnish the means of instruc- . tion to some select or general class of stu dents. Pope'says, ' The proper study of man, i3 man, 'and tlieniaxirn is equally ap plicable to the physical as It* the nroral con formation of the species. The splendid allegorical pictures, by Ligozzi, represent ing the' Seven Cardinal Sins, .exhibited here, are also shortly to be brought to the hammer. Mrs. Butler (late Miss Fanny Kemblu) has lately 'given birth to a son. in New York. The diary of this lady, about which so much has b,een written both' in this country and America, will, we understand, shortly-nppenr. Inland Navigation. — It has/been es timated that thirty millions of money has been expended on the improvement of in land navigation in Great Britain, and that there are 5,000 miles of navigable rivers, in the country. The Smyrna Journal says — ' At Alex andria money begins lo bo very scdrce ; the great houses may hold' out, but uhu small ones will not be able to do it, and many houses of tho second nnd third border will be forced to suspend their payments. Tho viceroy is still in UpperEgypte .Ibra him is in Lower Egypt, andMiothing is said of his rptnrh to Syria.1 Notwithstanding Iho raging of iho plague, the armaments are still continued, the motives for which ire unknown.' ' ?' '? ^* ? An unusual number of valuable horses have been shipped at Dover within the lust few days for France, it is said tinder on npprohension of a prohibitory enactment (probibly'crrotieriuBly) to be put into im mediate foice. 