MUROM COMLEY The Blind Flower Girl's Songs Buy my flowers-Oh buy-I pray, The blind girl comes from afar If the earth be as fair as I hear them say , These flowers her children are ! ] lo they her beauty keep 1 They are fresh from her lap I know ; r n I caught them fast asleep I 'i lar arms an hour ago, As all the air which is best breath- Her soft and delicate breath Over them murmuring low ! On their lips her sweet kiss lingers yet, And their cheeks with her tender tears are wet. JW who weeps that goode mother weeps, (As morn and night her walch she keeps, With a young heart and a passionate fire) To see the young things grow So fair j Slip weeps for love she weeps ' And the dews are the tears she weeps From the well of a mother's love I Ye have a world of light Where love in the loved rejoices ; But the bl ml girl's home is the house of night And its being areumpty voices. As one in the realm below I stand by the streams of wo ; J Kerr the vain shadows grade, 2 feel their soft breath at my side, And 1 thirst the loved forms to see And I stretch my fond arms around And I catch but a shapeless sound, For the living are ghosts to me. Come buy-come buy;- " Hark I how the sweet things sigh, (For they have a voice like ours) The breath of the blind girl closes ' - The leaves of the saddening roses- y ' We are tender, we sons of light, ^ We shrink from this child of night ; From the grasp of the blind girl free us J S We yearn for the eyes that see us - ^ ; We are for night too easy, In your eyes we behold the day Oh buy - Ob buy my flowers !' < , > The Coronation of the towns The merry loves one holiday Were all at gambols madly, But loves too long can seldom play Without behaving sadly. " They laughed, they loved, they romped about And then for change they all fell out. Fie, fie I how can they quarrel so, My Lesbia-ah, for shame, love ! Methinks 'is scarce an hour ago, When we did just the same, love. The love, 'is thought, were free till then, They had no King nor laws, dear; But Gods, like men, should subject by, Say all the ancient saws, dear. ' ~ And so our crew resolved, for quiet, To choose a King to en b their riot. . .' A kiss-ah ! what a grievous thing for both, methinks, 'twould be, child If I should take some prudish King, And cease to be soiree, child ' - Among their toys a casque they found, It was the helm of Ares, With horrent plumes the crest was crowned, It frightened all the cares, So fine a Ki mr was never known, They placed the helmet on the throne, Wy girl, since valour wins the world. They chose a mighty master ; But thy sweet flag of s sales unfurled, Would win the world much faster. The casque soon found the loves too wild A troop for him to school them ; For warriors know how one such child Has aye contrived to fool them. They plagued him so-that in despair "He took a wife the plague to share, If Kings themselves thus find the strife Of earth, unshaved severe, girl; , Why just to halve the ills of life, Come, take your partner here, girl. Within the room the bird of love The whole affair had eyed then The monarch hailed the royal dove. And placed her by his wife, then : What mirth am test the loves name so, Long live,' they cried, ' our King and Queen !' Ah, Lesbia' world that thrones were mine, And clowns to deck that brow, love ! And yet I know that heart of thine, For me is throne enow, love. The urchins thought a milder mate Their King could not have taken ; But when the Queen in judgement late, They found themselves mistaken The art to reign she'd learnt above. And ne'er was despot like the dove. Id thee I find the same deceit, Too late, alas 1 a learner ! For, where a much more gently sweet Î And where a tyrant sterner ! . From " The Last Days of Pompeii," by li. L. Bulwer, Esq. t Ibid The influence of the Look-in considering the climate of tropical countries, the influence of the moon seems to be entirely overlooked; and surely if the sides of the vast ocean are raised from their fathomless bed by lunar power, it is not too much to assert, that the tin idea of the atmosphere are liable to a similar influence; this much is certain, that in the low lands of tropical countries, no attentive observer of nature will fail to witness the power exercised by the moon over the seasons, and also over animal and vegetable nature. As regards the latter, it certainly may be stated, that there are thirteen springs and thirteen amid mug at Demerara, in the year; for, so many times does the sap of the trees ascend to the branches, and descend to the roots. For example, the wallace, a resinous tree, common in the Demerara woods, somewhat resembling mahogany, if cut down in the dark, a few days before the new moon is one of the most durable woods in the world for house building, posts, &c.; in that state attempt to split it, with the utmost difficulty it will be given, and in the most jagged unequal manner that can be imagined ; cut down another wallaby, that grows within a few yards of the former, at full moon, and the tree can be split into the finest smooth shingles, of any desired thickness, or into staves for making casks: but, in this state, applied to house-building purposes, it speedily decays. Again -bamboos as thick as a man's arm, are slimes used for paling do. if cut at the dark moon, they will endure for ten or twelve years; if at full moon, they will be rolling in two or three years; thus is it with most if not all the forest trees. Of the effects of the moon or animal life, very many instances could be cited. I have seen, in Africa, the newly-hatched young perish in a few hours, at the mother's side, if exposed to the rays of the full moon ; fish become rapidly putrid, and meat, if left exposed, incurable or unpreservable by salt; the mariner heedlessly sleeping on deck, becomes afflicted with nyctolopia or night blindness, at times the face hideously swollen if exposed during sleep to the moon's rays, the maniac's paroxysms renewed with fearful vigour at the full and change, and the cold damp chill of the ague supervening on the ascendancy of this apparently mild yet powerful luminary Let her influence over this earth we studied, it is more powerful than is a generally known Martin's History of the Brit r h Colonies. CAttAKTR7 AT A PUBLIC DINNER. At the dinner of the Devizes Holt Club last week, after the customary toasts had been drunk, the Chairman (Mr. Walter Long gave " The Ladies of Devizes, " accompanying the toast with appropriate«bsorva tions. "The Ladies I" "The Ladies!'' in a moment resounded from every part of the room. There was a little contest who should have the high honour and privilege of returning thanks, Mr. Locke was upon his legs in a moment, and claimed it on the ground of his being the representative of Devizes. The singers put in their claim, and struck up " Here's a health to all good lasses." Mr. Estcourt, however, thought the youngest bridegroom in the company best entitled to the privilege; the Rev. Mr. Bayley, he believed, was that fortunate person ; but as he understood the reverend gentleman had left the room, he thought that his uncle, Mr. John Bayley, might be deputed to do the honour for him. There was here a general cry for Mr. Trinder; and, as might be expected, Mr. Trinder did not loose any time in attending to the summons. Mr. Bayley having withdrawn his claim, Mr. Trinder observed, that although several of the company be more eloquent in praise of the ladies, he would yield to no one in his admiration of, in his devotion to, the fair sex. He knew that the subject he had been called upon to allude to was a most tender one he felt the delicacy of the ground upon which he stood; and whilst he was in some degree animated, he was not insensible to the difficulty of the task assigned to him but on behalf of the ladies of Devizes -the most lovely creatures in the wet Id-he sincerely and fervently thanked the company for the lead testimony of esteem they had just evinced. Why doessoapcurdlo with hard water? The sulphate of time to which it generally owes its character of hardness, com- bines with the soda of the soap. The lime and oil, or tallow, being thus freed from the retrospective combinations, float through the liquid medium in flakes ; the phenomenon, therefore, is one entirely of decomposition. On this principle so I lution of soap will determine the relative hardness of water, and is generally employed by the well-digger. -Murray's] Manual of Chemical Experiments-a. most scientifically amusing work. 1 