VARIETIES.— FROM LATE ENGLISH PAPERS. THE NEW PARLIAMENT. — The ' Houses ' are rapidly progressing towards readiness for the reception of Parlia- ment, The painted chamber is the new House of Lords. The woolsack and throne end will be towards the Thames, aud at tho most distant part from the temporary Commons' House ; and the approach to the House for the King, and to the several seats for the peers, will be through the door way from the royal gallery, along which the Kiug used to pass on his way to the robing-room. This, it may be re- membered, is the modern gallery, and was erected by Sir J. Soane. The floor of the House of Lords will be ac- cording to the forms that existed in the old House. There will be throne, woolsack, table, and beyond the table cross benches and a bar, below which counsel can appear on appeals, &c.; On each side, gradually rising step by step, there will be seats for the peers. At the end oppo- site to that occupied by tho throne and the woolsack there is a gallery of several rows of seats, the first row being for the reporters. The new House of Commons is con- structed within the waills of the old House of Lords, with the old robing-room added, but the members' lobby is taken from it at the other end over which comes the gallery. On each side of the House will be seats for the members, gradually rising from the floor, as in tho old House ; and on each side is raised a members' gallery, constructed after the fashion, if not of the materials, of the galleries raised for peers at what was termed the Queen's trial. The semi-circular windows at the summit of the walls, and just under the roof of tho old House of Lords, are bthe chief lights for the House of Commons, these windows swinging on centre-pivots, so as to aid in ventilating the chamber. The Speaker's chair will be stationed at the southern end of the chamber— namely, that end opposite to the members' entrance and the strangers' gallery. The reportors' gallery will be quite distinct, and will be placed over the Speaker's chair--an improvement in which the whole of the public is deeply interested. State of GiIBRALTAR.— The streets of Gibraltar are still encumbered in several places to the height of the second story, with the soil, sand, and rubbish brought down from the face of the rock by the water-spout which fell here on the 17th of November. At an early hour in the afternoon the weather became so dark that it was ne- cessary by two o'clock to have lights in the houses ; but the spout did not burst till ten o'clock at night, so that here can be no good account of the appearance it pre- sented to the eye. Tho water had evidently found its way nito the celebrated galleries of the fortress, the floors of which are as rough as after the first process of their origi- nal formation. A little lower several shells have been discovered of Spanish manufacture, buried four or five feet deep in the soil, and they must have remained there since the time of the memorable siege, some forty years ago. They were all I believe charged, and the powder, consisting of grains seven or eight times larger than any now in use, was still so dry within an inch from the orifice as to be easily inflammable. As the current of water in- creased In its descent, the drains provided for its escape under ordinary circumstances became incumbered, and the rubbish accumulating, formed so many dams across the streets, as, when afterwards bursting, to carry ruin and de- vastation into such of the houses as happened to stand in the path of the torrent ; ten or twelve individuals have lost their lives, and a much greater number have been left houseless by an event which must leave its traces on the streets of Gibraltar for many months to come. As far as te calamity is capable of relief, a remedy has been pro- vided for the surviving sufferers by their wealthier neigh- bours, the governor of the fortress and the officers of the garrison having taken the lead in raising a fund, to which, if we may judge from the subscription list, every nation under the sun must have contributed its quota. DREADFUL HURRICANE IN ST. DOMINGO.— Accounts from St. Domingo were received on Friday morning to the 30th Sept. On the 23rd a most dreadful hurricane was experienced there, which lasted from four to seven P. M., and was so violent as to render it impossible for anything to stand against it. The trees were torn up by the roots in all directions, the roofs of the houses were carried from one part of the town to another, and very great damage done. The rain fell in torrents during a period of 24 hours. The Matilda and Diligent, both loading for Liverpool, as well as every other vessel in port, were driven on shore ; but the two former got off without damage. — Bess's Messenger, Dec. 14. —The unfortunate person who was known as the ' Princess Olive of Cumberland,' is dead, if we may judge from the following strange advertisement in the Chronicle of Wednesday :—' Should Lavinia stilt be iving, daughter of the Princess Olive of Cumberland, who departed thin life on Friday, 21st last, it is hoped this will meet her eye, as she may yet be in time to see the last remains, by applying at 48, Trinity Terrace, Trinity Square, Borough.' — Examiner. Lord BROUGHAM in Pabis. — M. de Mancy, a dis- tinguished Professor of History, and founder of the Societé Monlyner Franklin, established in Paris to collect and publish the biography and portraits of men distinguished in ancient or modern times for acts of benevolence or useful discoveries, presented to Lord Brougham, on Tues- day, the 2nd Dec, a gold medal of the society, in acknowledgment of his lordship's exertions in the promo- tion of education. M. de Mancy was accompanied by M. Dupin, President of the Chamber of Deputies, through whom, on the succeeding day, he received the following letter from Lord Brougham : — M. le President— II me serait difficile ee vous exprimer les sentimens qui m'a inspirés cette marque inattendtre de la bienveillance de mes collaborateursn dans la cause de I'hu- manité, el d'une politique qui a pour base les plus hauts interets de notre espées — I'instruction, la liberté, et la paiz. J'estime d'autent plus l'honneur qu'on a bien voulu, m'accorder, que j'y apérçois liaison, rendue tous laes jours plys etroite, entre nos deux patries, Agrees, &c.;, H. Brougham. —The real tar has a language peculiarly his own, and his figures of speech are perfect stoppncr-knots to the un- derstanding of a landsman. If he sneaks of his ship, his eloquence surpasses the orations of a Demosthenes, and he revels in the luxuriance of metaphor. The same powers of elocution, with precisely the same terms, are applied to his wife, and it is a matter of doubt as to which en- grosses the greatest portion of his affection — to him they are both lady ships. Hear him expatiate on his little btrky, as he calls his wooden island, though she may carry a hundred-and-fifty guns and a crew of a thousand men. ' Oh I she's the fleelest of the fleet ; sits on the water like a duck ; stands under her canvas as stiff as a crutch ; and turns to windward like a witch !' Of his wife he observes, ' What a clean run from stem to stern ! She carries her t'gall'nt sails through every breeze, and in working hank for hank never misses stays i' He will point to the bows of his ship, and swear she is as sharp as a wedge, never stops at a sea, but goes smack through all. He looks at his wife, admires her head-gear and cut- riggers, her braces and bow- lines ; compares her eyes to dolphin-strikers, boasts of her fancy and fashion- pieces, and declares that she darts along with all the graces of a bonnetta. When he parts with his wife to go on a cruise no tear moistens his cheek, no tremulous agitation does discredit to his manhood ; there is the honest pressure of the hand, the fervent kiss, and then he claps on the top- sail-halliards, or walks round at the capstan to the lively sounds of music. But when he quits his ship, the being he has rigged with his own fingers, that has stood under him in many a dark and trying hour, whilst the wild waves have dashed over them with relentless fury, then — then the scuppers of his heart are unplugged, and overflow with the soft droppings of sensibility. How often has he stood upon that deck and eyed the swelling sails, lest the breezes of heaven should Visit their face too roughly How many hours has he stood at that helm and watched her coming up and falling off ? and when the roaring billows have threatened to ingulf her in the bubbling foam of the dark waters, he has eased her to the sea with all the tender anxiety that a mother feels for her first born child. With what pride has he beheld her top the moun- tain wave and climb the rolling swell, while every groan of labour that she gave carried a taut strain upon his own heart-strings I — Naval Tales and Sketches. INSPIRED ARITHMETIC.— A boy named Ivon Petroff, eleven years of age, the son of a peasant of Ragozine, a village in the district of Kologirezoff, government of Kostroma, who can neither read nor write, has shown the extraordinary capacity for solving arithmetical prob- lems. The modus operandi cannot be discovered, but the answers are always correct. The emperor has ordered that he shall be educated so far as to enable him to lead and write three languages, namely. Russia, French, and German, and he has placed 1000 rubles at interest for the future benefit of the boy. A nique. — At Bavai, near Valenciennes, by tho aide of the road to Avesnes, one of the seven old Roman roads that concentrated at Bavai, a very fine cinerary urn in bronze, between nine and ten inches high, including the cover, and eight inches in diameter, was discovered last week. It contained some small bones nearly re- duced to dust, and has the following inscription : — ' Dis M. Hirtius, C.Anno VIICX.' It is in fine preservation, and ornamented with bas-reliefs in the purest style and of superior workmanship. It probably was made to con- tain the ashes of one of the companions of Tiberius, who died at Bavai during the residence of that Emperor there. Rehearsing a Pantomime. — The preparation for pleasure is sometimes a very painful interval — a sort of purgatory preceding paradise. As theatrical adepts well know, the getting up of a pantomime is quite as serious a business as the rehearsal of a tragedy ; a spectator of its preliminary workings would never conceive that the pro- duct was to be that broadest of broad faces the Christmas festival in honor of Momus. Instead of a fairy land, in- habited by love, and beauty, and mirth, the area of the stage appears but a nook of this working-day world, equally subject to care, labour, jealousy, envy, rage, terror, and disappointment. Instead of the brisk bound- ing Harlequin, a jaded morose mortal lounges about the boards, walking through his capers— literally taking his leaps standing, and tiviug a brief nod for a roll of the head. A weary and wan Columbine, with the same scornful indifference, drags lazily through her appointed figure, and then concluding with a ghost of a pirouette, leans sulkily against a ode scene, and, like a Pharisee in petticoats, disdainfully compares, the deficiencies of the rest with her own perfection. The Clown, an indif- ferent scholar, painfully puzzles out his written part, with a vexed brow, a sleepy eye, and a most dogged mouth — as rueful and forlorn a figure to expect quips and cracks from as the skull of poor Yorick. The very Fairies, delayed in their aerial descent by some hith in the ma- chinery, hang dangling aloft with faces full of terror and pain ; while, by frequent changes of posture, they hint to maternal anxiety, that their darling little limbs are horribly cramped by sitting on wooden clouds. The Sylphs scream from fright, and Cupid whimpers with hunger. All is noise and hubbub ; for Pope's rule of optimism is reversed— Whatever is, is wrong.— Tydney Hall. The Crypt of St. Stepheh's.— The noble crypt be- neath St. Stephen's chapel, a matchless specimen of gothic architecture, a memorial of regal grandeur in ancient times, has been lately used as a dining hall by the speaker. It is now roofless, and exposed. Its ribbed groins of caen stone, and spandrils of chalk stone, have suffered more from the late fire and the watery remedy, than from 600 years of former service. We hope this noble relic of English hospitality in ancient times will not be suffered to fall to decay. MiINIATURE VEGETATION. — The singular art of pro- ducing miniature samples of the larger products of vege- tation, unknown in Europe, is carried by the Japanese to such an extent, that Mr. Meylan speaks, as an eye-witness, of a box offered for sale, three inches long by one wide, in which were a flourishing fir-tree, a bamboo, and a palm-tree ; the latter in blossom. Diamond-tree. — A workman in the Jura, in the act of turning a piece of Levant wood, discovered in it a large diamond, valued at 500,000f. It would seem the dia- mond had been concealed in an opening made in the tree when young, and the wood had grown around it. — Ga- lignani's Messenger. FRENCH SUGAR.— The manufacture of sugar from beet root continues to increase in the departments of the north. In 1833, there were thirty-two manufactories, since which eleven new ones have been established in the arrondisse- ment of Valenciennes, eight in that of Lille, and two in those of Dunkirk and Avesnes. Others are in progress in the arrondissernent of Douay. 