DELIGHTS OF A DIRTY MAN. [By an early receipt of the Dublin Uni- versity Magazine tor December, we are enabled to present our readers with a lively extract from its contents under the above rather equivocal designation:] I am a dirty man--a very dirty man-- the dirtiest man perhaps you ever met with, or heard of, except Magliabecchi, the cele- brated librarian of Florence, who, like the Chinese, as D'Israeli tells us, "always wore his shirt as long as it lasted." It is now well-nigh an Olympiad since I endured the misery of a change of sheets: and the cus- tomary state of my outer man you may gather from the fact, that I merely shift my linen and shave myself when I wish to pre- serve a strict incognito. My friends call me the Great Unwashed, and sometimes, ('alluding to my "cappillary attractions" the Great Uncombed. Both appellations are tolerably correct; for never, since with rap- tures unspeakable I escaped from the hands of the nursery-maid, about my tenth year, has the repose of my locks been troubled with the hair-brush, or the surface of my cuticle irritated with soap and towel. From my cradle up I had an instinctive and insu- perable horror of the jug and basin, with all their abominable accompaniments. I am proud to say, that I never submitted to the rack-comb with patience. It was always a rack indeed to me, and many a struggle, fierce and long, had I with aunt Letitia, rather than resign my head to its opera- tions. The brush (I call heaven and earth to witness) was torture enough too; I would just as soon have had my sconce in a bris- tling nest of hedge-hogs; but its miscreant accomplices the combs! aye, there was a pair of them, and small-tooth. "Arcades ambo," or "blackguards both." What has been said of madness is ex- tremely applicable to dirt: there is a pleas- ure in it which none but the dirty have any notion of. I have not the slightest doubt but that I should make a host of converts to my views upon this subject, could I but convey anything like an accurate idea of the happy life that I have led, ever since I had the moral intrepidity to break my looking- glass, discharge my washerwoman, put the sweeping-brush under an interdict, and mend my pen and occasionally open oysters with my razor. You would hardly believe all I have saved in time and money, and gained in warmth, peace, and comfort of every kind. All the pounds, shillings, and pence that your nice, neat, finical people squander upon that abominably nasty com- position, soap, I spend at the bookseller's, in additions to my library, or at the pastry cook's, upon queencake; and gingerbread. I never take a trip in the long vacation to the English lakes or Scotch highlands, but I say to myself, thank my stars, I am supe- rior to the foppery of white linen: better to be a sloven on Loch Kathrine than an ex- quisite in the smoke and dirt of Grafton- street. Besides (though no relation of the Greek family) I have a tolerable appetite for breakfast, and an excellent one, in gen- eral for my dinner; and with very little aid from old Gough, or old Cocker, I find that the smaller my disbursements, to brush- makers, broom-vendors, laundresses, and housemaids, the larger are my funds to meet the demands of my baker and butcher. Were I to deny myself the fruition of a dirty pair of hands, and a shirt to corres- pond, I should also have to deny myself the enjoyment of my natural, innocent, wholesome, and necessary three meals a day, Now, two such sacrifices are rather too much to expect from one who is not a down- right hero or martyr. The most thoroughly contemptible person I ever met in my life was a dinnerless dandy. The fellow had but a shilling in his pocket, and, instead of ordering a mutton-chop, what do you think he did?--The ideot bought a nail brush. You can have no idea what a despicable figure he made with his nail-brush. There he was, with nothing under his belt but a practical proof of the existence of a vacuum, yet he must purchase a nail-brush! "See," I observed to a friend, "see what it is to be cleanly! See what the jug and basin bring people to!" Then, I not only save money, but time. While others are rubbing, scrubbing, comb- ing and currying themselves, as if they de- sired nothing more ardently than to get out of their skins, I get through a quantity of business that would astonish you. The moment I spring out of bed I am at my desk. No tarrying at the toilette-table; no washing, scraping, brushing, gargling, dabbling, or any of those disgusting pro- cesses, which your fine gentleman rejoices in, and which take up so much of the "pre- cious stuff that life is made of." Such as I go to bed at night, I rise in the morning; and such as I rise in the morning, I go to bed at night. I often compare myself to the sun, who, (let the poets say what they please,) never washed his face in all his days, the best proof of which is, that astronomers have observed a smut on his nose, which they calculate (Sir John Her- schell informs us) to be at least 45,000 miles in diameter! That is something like a smut! In good sooth, Lady Thetis, if you discharge the office of nursery-maid for your fair nephew, Sol, you have no sinecure place, nor is the Atlantic too large a basin. You will pardon, sir, this little mythologi- cal digression. I was anxious to show that there was the highest authority for a smutty face; my prototype is no less illustrious a personage than "the eye and soul of this great world," Dan Phœbus himself. Find such sanction for your practises, ye knights of the soap and towel! Men of the jug and basin, I defy you! There is my glove! well! --what's the matter?--you won't pick it up, won't you? You have heard of the dust of the schools; if you have a fancy to see it, visit me any day you please in my "sanctum sanctorum." I will show it to you an inch and a half thick, the accumulation of some six or seven studious years; I would not exchange it for a gobelin carpet, or the gold dust under the feet of eastern monarchs, when they condescend to walk. My study, sir, has never been profaned by a sweeping-brush; it has never seen the face of that sworn foe to peace and lierature--a housemaid. Its hangings were manufactured in the loom of Arachne; that's the drapery for me, at once cheap and classical. Literature knows no- thing about moreen or muslin. Was it a Manchester weaver tapestried the Tusculan villa? Who was Socrates' upholsterer? The spider, sir, the spider--the despised and persecuted spider. About eighteen months or two years ago, I had a female servant, who had, I suppose, been trained in some of your desperate neat houses, where sweeping and scrubbing are elevated to the importance of eating and drinking, for she was scarcely an hour under my roof before I observed her with a mop in one hand and a pail of water in he other; and I perceived by her consequential looks, and the air of bustle about her, that she was bent upon some great scheme. "Betty," said I--besides alarm, I felt a little curious to know what the girl meant--"Betty," said I, "what are you going to do with the mop and pail?" "Only going to clean the house, sir," she replied, with as complacent a smile as if she was about the most laudable enterprise in the world, "and I intend to begin with the study." I felt, sir, as if the Whigs had repealed the great charter. What I said, when I re- covered the power of utterance, it is need- less to repeat; but the issue was this; Betty lost her post; and the trade of my poor spiders survived the short adminis- tration of this Poulett Thomson in petti- coats. The best description I know of a house- maid is a line from the portrait of Haidee, a single line altered; "Round her she makes an atmosphere of dust." "Oh! but my dear sir," quotes some body, "cleanliness is so conclusive to health!" "Balderdash, sir, balderdash--that's what I call balderdash. Cleanliness, sir, kills more people than the cholera, or the whole college of surgeons." "Will you stand to that, Mr. Dirtyman?" "Yes, sir, I will stand to it, stand to it against the whole world. Here are my proofs. Look at all the agues, palsies, fe- vers, and deaths occasioned by damp sheets." "Aye, Mr. Dirtyman, but not by clean sheets." "There is a logician for you! The gentleman has been reading Whately, for a hundred years! When are sheets damp, sir, but when they are clcan? I never lie in damp sheets, and why so? Because, sir, I never lie in clean ones: understand you that, M. Daintybody? Or must I clap it into mode and figure for you? Here it is then syllogistically. "Well, sir, next to damp sheets come damp shirts: what! is a man's life to be daily at the mercy of a slut of a washer- woman? More men die of clean shirts than Mr. Babbage himself would find it easy to count. The distinction taken between clean and damp is quite idle. Clean is damp and damp is clean. Shakspeare calls the body the "house of life," and to carry on the metaphor, colds and fevers may be compared to housebreakers, and the pores are the various avenues and approaches which cannot be too firmly barricaded against their burglarious designs. Your jug-and- basin man is a simpleton, who goes to bed with his gate unbolted and his casements open: no wonder when he gets up in the morning if he finds his desk rifled and his throat cut! You open your pores with soap and towel--what follows? A knave of a typhus, who has been watching you for months, like a Bengal tiger, springs in at the breach, and you are a dead man. He died of a fever, says A; he died of the doc- tor, says B; but A and B are a pair of don- keys; your, true murderer, sir, is a knot of ruffians, Soap, Towel, Jug, Basin and Co. Eschew them, Sir! Resist them! Fly from them! Let them not come nigh you, if you would see a grand child upon your knee, and sit under the tree of your own planting. Shut your pores up, shut them to constipation; fasten them as you would your hall-door on a winter's night in the county of Kilkenny. Let your hatred of cold water amount, like mine, to hydroaphobia; get rid of your old- womanly, grandmotherly, childrens'-maidenly, prejudices against smuts, dust, and dirt of all descriptions; if a shower overtakes you, and washes your face whether you will or no, submit without repining, to the dispensations of an over- ruling providence; but never, sir, never lift your arm against yourself! This is the well-weighed and well-meant counsel of Diggory Dirtyman." "You have no objection, I presume, Mr. Dirtvman, to ventillation." "To ventillation! no objection to ventil- lation! Aye, every objection in the world. As many objections, sir, as there are points in the compass for the wind to blow from. Thorough air is just as bad as clean linen. I dislike all libertines, and the 'chartered libertine' most of all. What does catching cold mean, but exposing one's self to the blustry visits of Messrs. Boreas Zephyrus, and the rest of that stormy firm? I make it a rule to honour none of their draughts. It is a bad house, sir, that house of Æolus ; from the lightest air that flits over the Lago di Comi, to the loudest tempest that sweeps the Euxine, it is a bad house, and I have as few transactions with it as I can help. "But, Mr. Dirtyman, all great men have been washers and bathers: there was Alexander the great he bathed in the Cydnus-------" "He did, sir, and he got a fever which well nigh gave him his quietus." "There was Hercules, who cleaned out the Augean stable." "He undertook it, sir, out of his love for dirt." "There was Benjamin Franklin." "A republican." "Byron was a great bather and swimmer." "Yes, sir; and we have the result of it in that poetical code of morality—his Don Juan." "Horace was a neat, spruce, little fellow." "Horace, sir, despised and hated the soap-and-towel gentry as much as I do. 'In cute curanda plus æquo operata juventus.' There is a smart hit at the dandies, eh?" "Cleanliness, they say, Mr. Dirtyman, is next to godliness." "They say!--who say? There are peo- ple who will say anything. Cleanliness next to godliness! If so, sir, it is 'longo intervallo.' But the position was false, quite false, false as promises of national relief from Downing-street, and that is say- ing a good deal. Godliness, forsooth! Pray do you happen to know who the god of your jug-and-basin people is?" "Juggernaut, possibly." "They are downright Mahometans, sir, downright Mahometans; for ever at their ablutions, morn, noon, and night, washing, washing, washing, now the face, now the hands, now the feet, then face and hands, then hands and feet, and so on, all the live long day, and all their lives long; is not this, sir, flat Islamism? It's not the Bible, sir, but the Koran. If this be godliness, it is the godliness of the mosque, not the church. Go to Constantinople; and be as clean as you like, but don't affront Christ- endom with such Turkish doings!" "The Dutch, sir, are a Christian people." "Don't talk of them, sir; they are a low crew. Besides they are hypocrites; they make clean the outside of the platter; I was in Holland once, and I Saw it; three times a day every dish, pan, pot, and kettle in the establishment underwent the process. I never knew what the horrors of cleanliness were till I passed a couple of days in Hara- lem. O'Connell is nothing at all to a Dutch kitchen-maid. Heavens! what a ferment, what a clatter! Such rubbing, such scrub- bing, such scouring, polishing, and burnish- ing! A Dutch scullion has got a pair of microscopes in place of eyes; she would detect a smut on the face of a newborn midge; you may conceive I was not happy in Holland. I left that country, sir, envy- ing the life of a sweep-chimney, and re- garding every pigstye I saw as a Little Eden." "All pious men, Mr. Dirtyman have been cleanly." "False, sir, false as every other assertion you have made. St. Ignatius, it is upon record, never used a comb, and religi- ously—mark that—religiously abstained from paring his nails. Another holy father had three hundred patches on his 'inde- scribables;' and St. Francis declared, as the result of his personal experience, that gar- ments of this description frightened away the devils, who were never so courageous as when they met people in their holiday suits. A third, sir, broadly held the doc- trine, that the sanctity of priest or layman is directly proportioned to his filthiness; and brother Juniper, of whom you must have heard." "Never, sir, you are a very learned per- son, Mr. Dirtyman." "Why, I study, sir, while you scrub-- that is the difference between us--but, bro- ther Juniper, you must know, was the very mirror of holiness; his brethren used to nose him as soon as he came within a league of the convent, provided the wind blew from the due point; he went by the name of the 'Odour of Sanctity." "Popish authorities these, Mr. Dirty- man! I suspect———" "You suspect me to be a Papist; sir, I am no such thing, I assure you, I abhor popery, if on no other account, for its holy water. I am neither Jew, Turk, nor Pa- pist, but a good Protestant, although a dirty one." "There are many dirty Protestants, sir, as well as you. Pray do you acknowledge the Council of Mice?" "Nicæa, Sir!--call it Nicæa!--Nice is a word I abominate; besides it is the name of a town in the Sardinian dominions, often, indeed, confounded with Nicæa by the Whig Parsons, Vicars of Bray, and di- vines of that stamp." "May I make so bold, sir, as to ask if you are not a Whig yourself? "Perhaps, sir, you wish to have your head broken; why should you take me for a Whig?" "Only, my dear sir, because you are such a dirty fellow!" "Oh, sir! there are two sorts of dirt, let me tell you, physical and moral. I ab- hor moral dirt as much as any man." APOLOGY FOR HANGING.-With all due respect to the prejudice and weak- ness of mankind, I must still consider one repugnance to our truly na.ional and natural mode of dying singular, if not absurd. For what possible difference can it make to any person, I should like to be resolved, whether he die in a per- pendicular or horizontal position? whether he lie or hang ?-whether he be suspended or extended ? What possible .choice can there be, in a wise man's esti- mation, between giriog up the ghost, ia the chamber usage, of giving into the ghost, which is the custom of the fore- warned. To pay the debt of nature in ono's bed is (o do a thing lazily and re- luctantly which must bo done at last ; to discharge the amount betimes of a morn- ing, well dressed (I admire a neat and ( respectable apparel on such occasions), ( is not only lo wipe off tho scorn, but to. to satisfy it strictly according to law. You have witnesses to prove the pay- ment. You carry away a regular re- ceipt for all demands. You aro out of her books nt all events, even though you " stand aye accursed in the Calendar." Besides, and in addition, the death itself is an honourable one. You meet and satisfy the justice of the case. No man has the slightest claim against you ;--yon are absolved from everything. Who can ¿ say he is wronged-who not redressed? j What personal wrong have you com- mit ed for which your death does not c ¡amply atone? Look, on the other hand, ¡on those who are unhappily hurried away ] before their maturity of years or wisdom . I Brought them to the fallows. How dif- ferent is this picture ! Here we seo long existing debts, outstanding funds, unac- companied and unaccountable hostilities, hungry relatives, expecting legatees, joyful heirs: grief at three and sixpence a day, called mutes; extract of onion, called tear* ; whito handkerchief, other- wise mouth-stopper or nose-propper, or both, called mourning. Best satisfied that it is more gratifying and honourable to be cut down, than to be cut oil', in the prime of existence ; be assured that the thread of life is more handsomely termi- nated hy a few yards of rope, than hy the lengthiest yarn that was ever penned by the paneygerist, or paid for to the poet; and, finally, that they who boasi of .having been descended from a long line of ancestors, have not half the cause of triumph which you will possess, who muy justly claim the merit of descending from a lung line without any assistance from your ancestors whatever. Need I say more, intelligent reader, to prove the surpassing superioriority of this method of demise over all others ? Nor let the vulgar prejudice of ignorance bias you against the truly noble and excellent contrivance which, let mo trust, you are one day to test in your own person. You do not die and make no sign ; on the contrary, although it is said that *' good wino needs no bush," yet, let me tell you, without such intimation we should not know where good wine was to be had. You are au emphatic sign, therefore, hanging forth for the purpose of catching the eye of the passenger, that he may learn whero better accommodation is to be found than this vile tavern called the Globe can a fiord. Was not the coffin of I Mahomet suspended between heaven and earth, and does it not retain its impartial situation lo this day ? Does not the earth itself hang in the infinity of space ? What does the moon?-hang.J What docs the sun ? - hang. The stars ? They are all hanged. Hang it, then, why can't you hang likewise? Lot it not be said that 1 do not "do unto others as 1 would they should do unto me." My time ig not yet come ; besides, I can do it for myself. Look then upon the sum- mons to hanging as the call of nature. The ties of nature arc strong ; she yearns for her children ; she will have them como and seo her ; she invites them to an ordinary at eight o'clock ; she wishes them to lake the air for au hour. At length she dismisses them to their beds, which, whatever way they had chanced to prefer, they must come to at last. I am the chamberlain ; / tuck them all up. Autobiography of Jack Ketch. STEAM IMPROVEMENT.-Steam ves- sels are uboui io tie employed, under the auspices ol' the Kin;; of Gie'ece, to run between Atbeus, ¡Marseilles, Smyrna, rind Constantinople. Tbe pro- jector of tins plan is an Englishman ! Shade of I'lieruUiocles appear at i lie I'iiavus, and preside over the launch of the first of these vessels ! 