THE MEASURES USED AT THE BONDED STORE. SIR,—The Advertiser of this week has thought proper to publish a statement that must be untrue, if I am in the possession of entreet information upon the subject of the measures stated to be used in the Bonded store. Be good enough to let me know whether or not the following is correct— " In reference to a statement which appeared in the Cornwell Chronicle of last week, we are authorized by the customs to state, that in the absence of any Imperial Measure belonging in that department, the quantity of all spirits, requiring to be mea- sured, entered for duty since the alteration in the standard, has been ascertained by the Imperial Measures furnished by the home Government to the Commissariat, and bearing the government stamp." I am, Sir, your obedient servant, WM. LUSHINGTON GOODWIN. To Mr. George Findlay, Custom House Agent. Launceston, June 4, 1835. Launceston, June 5, 1335. SIR,—In reply to your note just received, I beg to state for your information, that the state- ment in the Advertiser of yesterday's date, is untrue regarding the measures used in the Bond- ed store, the same to my knowledge having been frequently borrowed from Merchants and S ore- keepers in this Town, for the purpose of measur- ing spirits to be issued upon the payment of duties I have however more frequently seen the Com- missariat measures used on such an occasion, I am, Sir, your obedient servant. GEORGE FINDLEY. Mr. W. L. Goodwin. We are at all times desirous to correct any error into which we may inadvertently be led. Respecting the statement which appeared in the " Cornwall Chronicle of last week"—we observe that it was made from the information of several respecta- ble individuals, and can be supported upon the oaths of such persons, if neces- sary. We consider it our duty to notice any subject upon public matters, without pledging ourselves to its accuracy ; at all times we shall be obliged by being set aright if we are wrong—and we take this opportunity of statin , that our columns are open to all. The invidious paragraph which appeared in the Advertiser, and which is extracted above, we prove to be false—although stated to be made upon the authority of the Custom House ! ! | Since writing the above, we took the li- berty of asking the head of the Custom House Department (Henry Arthur, Esq.) whether the paragraph in the Advertiser appeared by his authority. That gentle- man gave us a distinct negative to it. We however understand that some gentleman connected with the department did men- tion the subject to our contemporary. We recommend to the Advertiser, that in fu- ture, when he states any matter upon the subject of a public department, to be sure that his authority proceeds from the HEAD of it. The whole press of the United Kingdom in unmeasured language reprehend the conduct of certain public functionaries in Ireland, for having authorized a Military massacre of the poor Irish, for nonpayment of Tithes. The Examiner contains a spirited article on the subject, w ich we regret (although in type) we cannot lay before our readers entire. " Another hacatomb on the shrine of Mcloch ! The recent dispatches from Ireland bring the news of the slaughter of twelve persons in the county of Cork, one victim, we presume, in honor of each of the twelve Apostles. As the usage is in accounts from the battle field, the Journals give two lists, one of the killed, the other of the wounded. The fo mer, as we have said, amount to the apostolic number of twelve. The wounded are a catalogue too long for parti- cular enumeration—a promiscuous crowd of men, women, and children. Henceforth, let Ireland be called Aceldams : the parsons make her a " field of blood." Twelve persons butchered ? Thrice the Mill- tary acting at the instance of a clerical Captain, Archdeacon Ryder, the tithe claimant, poured in a murderous fire on the people, and the result was twelve persons butchered ! Hide your head Marat !" (From the Times.) "It now appears that I3 individuals have be kill- ed, and seven wounded desperately (and some of them, it is said,mortally) are lingering in the hospital at Rathcormae, while above twenty others who have received ball, bayonet, and sabre wounds, are still lying dispersed through the country. Many of this class are believed to be also wounded dangerously, for two or three who escaped from the field of slaughter, died at home the next morning. The whole union of Rathcormae contains 2900 catholics, and 41 protestants, including the Rev. Mr Rider's family of 13 persons. The Coroner's Jury gave a verdict of WILFUL MURDER against the Magistracy. The Rathcormae Magistracy have put in ball, A Correspondent of the Times says :—" I am as- sured, that as one result of the Rathcormae in- vestigation, two of the County of Cork Magistrates have been arrested." (From the Weekly Police Gazette.) A WORD ON THE IRISH TITHE MAS- SACRE. When parsons soak their consciences in blood, and in the name of that Divinity which they profess to worship, rob widows of their children, humanity must shudder at the Law Church which gives such sa- vages a title to their iniquity. If hell there be, whose tortures they parade to frighten those who feed them to submission, the hottest portion must be theirs. To call them ministers of heaven were utter blasphemy. The wolf which preys upon the lamb is driven to the car- nage by its hunger. These monsters of deceit destroy their vict ms in the name of holiness, and kill the body to preserve the soul, or rather, like so many cannibals, they slay their fellow creatures to devour their substance. How horrid is the picture of their gluttony—how ghastly their hy- pocrisy. What is a parson ? What was he when he left his mother's womb ? How came he in possession of the evil influence that makes him prey upon his fellows ? His right to plunder ! Did it come from hea- ven ? His privilege to murder ! Came it from his God ? His love of lucre ! Did the creed of Jesus teach him that ? If the ' mnipotent decrees the aheddingof man'a blood lo gorge the creatures wh.i are train ed in colleges, it were profanity to doubt Almighty justice; but where is their di ploma, tlieir outward ayn'ibo a to proclaim (heir mission f What power is thai within tn, which maid one hate, abhor, «n- shrink from auch aposlles t — » hat is it ilia provokes the widow's prayer — that nur lures in-tlie injured heart the deadly curst —that feeds the passion of revenge ant ?naps the bonds of faith, but full convic ?ion that these hypocrites 'are demons ii disguise,- depraved in-hearty an I wicku in their purpose'! thieves made by law and murderers acquitted by their part *an with whom they ahare the common plunder Oh, fellow-countrymen, drat; auperstitiot from the altar, and pluck the bloodstainei -parchment from tlie atalue book befori another life is lost. -The dying grnans o Irishmen implore you, fur your children' sake, to atop the shedding of their conn try's blood. The name of tithe i.tifcei death knell at their door— the parson' voice an eoho of destruction. The bonei which folly grinds beneath the wheels o juggernaut are -voluntary sacrifices; but tiere, in Britain, the innocent era forced It perish to keep religion holy. Their heard blood is the parson's feel No kind Biter native bfjt this,— 'die and be damned,' oi live'to-fatten priestcraft. Can virtue lie asleep and suffer this t Is not cold lead, sent to - the heart, as terrible aa flames ii Smilhfieid J Existence is the price of peaceable resistance to holy fraud. Tlio Bible is the buckler which preserves thi executioner! Good Heavens! can mur -al« suffer thus, and talkof liberty f And yet a alepder channel of the ocean isal that separates the land where deeds thai brutes would be. ashamed of are openly enacted. Tlie I rish «re our count, jmen ; their blood is human like our own; die parsons who nfflict them belong to out Establishment ; and our sweet stream o -life may crimson military sabres, if w- look on and raise no cry of retrtbuliun The Manchester massacre is not yd spunged from memory s and 'tis not many mmikb Hum a.ciiicaBiiiru iu \^urn. s ne sym pathy should be the same, anil the demim lo have the wrong redressed as big will strong unmoveable determination. It is not bigotry or holy zeal that m-k« the wolves cry ' church in danger :' it i a rational hopelessness, that knuwlcdgt will diminish parsons' revenues, and talm away the patronage of.thpue great people who make ? trade of selling privilege the captains of banditti, who k°t-p fret boolers to protect them, and pay ilfero on of public property. The rascals, if tlirj could, would nuke the aim Hand still, am tai our day liglitfor their luxury ; or, i theyTiad the keeping of tl.e weather, uuni certainly drench tis to ihe -kn fur dif obedienpe. As time rolls on, the tithe un- tax monopoly will be ns little in tlni liands os sunshine ; for Icnouledge lion «? orbit now beyond their reach, orfr) out o the bloody villainy transacted at lluthcnr mac good will yet arise. With nil thi'ii artifice, they cannot wipe the stain Iron the earih ; with all the'ir liearllesmesf, tlie) dare not proceed in their slaughter; anil with ell the aid of Toryism, their tiiln acre will not blossom, nor their pauni'lifi be awelled hy the labourer's produce. Tin clotted gore of the peasantry at Kathcor nine will atick in their nostrils for ngei '? I called for Mr. Ryder,' aaid the widor ' I called for him to save my fife, and h atked me for my tithes 1 1 -Here if a liruti that people pay fur praying — a ivretcl devoid of' every §p*rk of kindliness— i lawn-sleeved savage— a minister of Gntl ' Oli.motlier I mother '. mother ! wliere'i Dick?' cried out the son in a^ony. 'I don't know.' answered the wretched wi- dow. ''Oh, mother,' sad he' I didci't se him since I met him in the haggard. Km up, mother, and tell Mr. Ryder you'll p»j the tithes, and let him take away the sol diers.' 'I then ran up the bolircen,'1 -lu said. ' when my little girl strung round mr neck ; upon which the soldiers eai they would have our bodies along niili tli rest: they cocked their guns to fire at me tlie soldiers snore, by Uod, they'd havl my life, and that of my daughter, and it was then I called fur Mr. Uyder. Hcde' sired me lo pay him his tithes, atiliougl liefcncvrmy son was dead, as he passe over him. Mr. Ryder said— pay mem: tllhesi— pay ne my tithes I— pa; mem) tithes i ' Pay him his titiibs! The' wretch! Tii ghosts|of lho»e he murdered be his porlinn— liyoi and night Iheir gory Tcalnrcs haunt him ! To ai a mother, who watt citiig vriih all the afflny - woman's woe npon her murdered son, for till'' —lo murder thai poor youth lor TII Hr! ! — lo Its* ilie Instrument of death made read; at a «ldo»' bosom, and with her child rlinglug round fc- ueck.rorTiTHI's!— n minister of Jesus to make sn- hlimsn eai-rifire fnrcftnn! !— The groans --i dyln msnyrs tingle Iniili eart— file ►hmkiolbiortn'i drown hit voice when he profanely leada I' entireties prayers— the bnhreen of Ralhcnrmsc « mind him of the day of jndement— and majr tb Woody Jeerf proRnomlra-e the downfall of It faction- a faction now In power, whoir '«tl' authority' depends on force and fraud—* bsm of maniocs, who tancy they can uample on a til lion's wellsre, and bold the reins of Governmen in light, Ihatbunian proRrrsi. Miall champ ilie In and froth about the tnoulb In vain— a faction, 4tn educated in ihe new bom feeling uliirh mo' lliEDum— n gronp of bigots, who look npon H' pssl and cannot see the future— o Tory miulstrr who tiy to kill the king »lth + indnesa, end qntcL en peop'e's Intellects with Iheir absurdity— «' nouncers of all agitation, who agitate for Inve -? plunder— gsmeslera in pniiiice. who now sr tlttowliiR Ihvir itut unlucky die ?? tltene are III cuanijilouti «f Ibe church abusoi— tbe mnrtii liabltanli wlt'j piow tiick*ry, and filgluened them wilh fire andfword. But. heaven lie ,p,al.«-ll llieirfciifll Mollin|rj Hie film is drop, iitug from ihffiropti-'a eye», «ud ueuctml ener gy will pu'li ''em fmin high placets, no more to ?roiiree llie'earlh with tyranny. Ilie weapons of ttie'b»tlle field a-e not fi.r l-gUIMion. «he nwrrdioffonnneroriniuiitrun within Ilieli scab t»rd«. end rlilneo.it l»'w- . npUnld the diBiiity of rrownn- We people^ »?»'« already ?'?« pioelaimrd rfel'«tio Toryism, anil future Uomunisiits will niofil by the le««oa. ' Good comrade*, not raenv tyllnblea are needed 4e «rou-6 ynn Rimember ftianelieslern-s'*»cre— JUtliporn)»c,raB-iacrewmembtf! will join with lieail end toullooust jour ea-emlM- Their by gone hltlory J» wrilien.on your menoriei.their future drsiiny i» In vonr tirenlng. - Riform ie Ixwnrls upon ilirm with a double loroe, and wliat ,!,--.? Ihoiiulil ?onlfln, breailn ihoir frwly. Bribi-s, llirrau. and iiifliirnce pi all deirrlpiloui have fa'lerl to overlmli'ice common if rise a id lionesty. The Home of Comulom -will not kl»a-ilie toe of jwritnt prejudice to pteateSir .Robert Peel, the Ddlif, and all their.fi-ll*wer». Hit Majesty will robliis spectacles, and see more clearly in a inonili uhich way lo keep flic nation' satisfied ; and Ton Ism will rclliebdiind Hie scenes— . F«r pink opprewloii. Bud lli« subjects' grpinr, ?? Air not the taCrat p'ropt for ihronea. 