VARIETIES. MODERN MUMMY. — A curious discovery has been recently made in a Swedish copper-mine. On opening a gallery between two levels some miners found the body of a young man in a spot 150 feet deep, which had not been visited in the memory of man. The weak solution of sulphuric acid in water, with the alkalies which had formed there, had petrified the corpse without at all rob- bing it of its youthful appearance. So unusual a sight collected the whole neighbourhood together. An old woman soon came up, and burst into tears upon recog- nizing the failures of her betrothed bridegroom, who had disappeared 50 years ago, but what had become of him, was never known. The interval that had elapsed had wrinkled and furrowed the whole dame's face, whilst the bridegroom, thus disentombed from his grave, appeared in all the fresh lineaments of youth. The body was ex- posed for several days, and at last interred with much ceremony ; the funeral procession being accompanied by the whole body of miners. FATTENING EFFECT OF FOGS.--Fogs have a remark- able effect upon some birds. During a fog of 24 hours continuance, thrushes, wheat-ears, ortolans, and red- breasts, are reported to become so fat that they are un- able to fly from the sportsman. CHINESE POLITENESS.— When " John Chinaman " wishes to be particularly civil to his friend, he tells him ' Prosperity is painted in your face.' At Pompeii there has been lately opened the street leading from the Temple of Fortune to the gate of Isis, passing nearly through the middle of the town. On reaching a central point, from which streets diverge to Uie theatres and to the walls of the city, there was found an altar, placed before the protecting genius of the town, in the form of a serpent. The faces of the altar are orna- mented with paintings representing the priests offering libations and other sacrifices. On exploring two shops in the street of Fortuna. there were discovered a pair of bronze scales and a weight in the shape of pear, a bronre dish with handles, a hatchet, and some small cylindrical objects made of bone and perforated. supposed to have been used either in some female works, or for making calculations. A house has been discovered be- hind the grand Mosaic, comprising a vestibule several sleeping rooms, ornamented with simplicity, and tab- linum or hall, adorned with most excellent paintings on stucco. In this house were found a bronze shell, of excellent workmanship, an earthen lamp, black with smoke, an ivory buckle used by women, two vessels con- taining colours, and a wooden chest, lined with iron and surrounded by figures formed with brass nails. CHARITY THAT DOES not "BEGIN AT HOME."--The following characteristic correspondence has lately taken place between M. Jules Janin, the well-known Paris theatrical writer, and M. de Chateaubriand. The former literateur was collecting charity for some most deserving objects ; and amongst others to whom he ap- plied in furtherance of his purpose, was Chateaubriand which he did as follows :-' Have you got five francs remaining for a charitable object ?— Jules Janin.' The reply was, ' I have not more than five francs, but l have borrowed fifteen of my porter, and I send it all to you, that the unhappy objects of your benevolence may re- member me in their prayers, and you in your pages— Chateaubriand.'' The LANDED INTEREST.— The English aristocracy has become the richest and most favourably circumstan- ced in the world. It is remarked of Lord Clive, Univer- sal Magazine, July 1760) who had killed himself, that he had £70,000 a-year, and was the richest subject of the King. Many individuals at present have four or five times that income. Foreigners view with astonishment the splendid seats of the nobility, their gorgeous and crowded assemblies, their massive sideboards of plate splendid equipages, and other indications of territorial opulence ! Mere wealth, however, constitutes only a tithe of the social and political advantages enjoyed by the landed interest.— 1. A landed qualification is the basis of eligibility to be a member of parliament, a sheriff, a jus- tice of peace for the county, or a commissioner of land and assessed taxes.— 2. By the law of entail, their pro- perty is protected from the just demands of his creditors, when that of persons engaged in trade would be liable.— 3\. Their possessions are exempt from the legacy and auc- tion duties.— 4. A mast of sinecures in church and state are kept up solely for their profit and emolument.— 5. In the levy of the assessed taxes and the imposition of turnpike tolls, special favour is shown to all interests con- nected with agriculture. Lastly, it is now admitted by Sir Robert Peel and Sir James Graham, that the corn- laws, which levy a tax of twenty or thirty millions on the people are kept up solely for the preservation of the landed aristocracy as essential parts of the community. LOUIS XVI., upon setting out on his disastrous cam- paign against the Dutch, inscribed upon his cannon, ' the last argument of Kings.' CHRISTMAS TIME. — The country Squire of £300 a year (an independent gentleman in the reign of Queen Anne) is described as having ' never played at cards but at Christmas, when the family pack was produced from the mantel-piece.' His chief drink the year round was generally ale, except at Christmas time, when he would make a bowl of strong brandy punch, garnished with a toast and nutmeg. In the corner of his hall, by the fire- side, stood a large wooden two-armed chair, with a cushion ; and within the chimney-corner were a couple of seats. Here, at Christmas, he entertained his tenants, assembled round a glowing fire, made of thbe roots of trees, and other great logs, and told and heard the tra- ditionary tales of the village, respecting ghosts and witches, till fear made them afraid to move. In the mean time the jorum of ale was in continual circulation. Fine bread in England is called French bread ; in France it is called English bread. In France the 'staff of life' was formerly measured by the ell-wand, not weighed by the pound : and at the present day the com- mon four-pound loaf of Paris and the environs is as nearly as possible a yard long. 