SI'DNEY COLLEGE nEXAM1fNAT1Oy. Perhaps a more flattering scene to all partlescOon cerned, has never been witnessed in this Colony than that which took place last Thursday,. at the ( Sydney College. It heing- the first- examiration t they have eve- had since their castallishment, it \--created nosmall excitement among all who are interested in the ,otion---f -rCoo utli, .:as maybe inferred, from the rank and character of the visitors. bhe. Governor and Captain. Hunter mnade their appearance at an early hour, and com- g . icnced operations immediately, and long as, it t * must Iaive been -since His -Excellency was at at hoio, ia nevertlkeleas he had his Latin and Greek quite at II command; as a proof of which, the b ok was s never out of his hand for full"three hours. Col Wilson also was -quite at home, for he took the ' Frenchkdepartntent entirely on himself ; and in the end,-;.qoanplimented Mr. Stanley on the progress his pupils ha 1 made in that branch of their study But what created the greatest surprise to the Chief t Justices was, the mathematical knowledge displayed I by .one of the pupils of the second mtasterhMr a AMurray ; this was-a boy n med Martin, not fifteen a Syears of age, and the profundity which he showed in that branch was such, that His Honor was very inquisitive as to his whole history ; the well-exe w cuted map of the world would not have been men tioned, had not Major Mitchell on seeing it, made lim a present of one of his own luaps of the t Colony, in compliment to the performance; but a such a generous encouragement ought not to be overlooked. His Lordship, the Catholic Bishop was also in attendance-and before we quit this patL of the subjects it may be observed, that he a and the Governor were much gratified at the pro -fciency-the-eldeFstsQn of the Major displayed. Mr. I * Banfather's classes also did him uuchli credit; the I greater part of them were boys who had corn m smenced their Latip and Greek studies utder his tuitioici; but the greatest eulogium that can be bestowed upon him will be to quote Mr M'Encroe's wprds td Mr. Cape respecting hini t he said,? he I had never known boys in atll'his experience, do so i much in so short a time." 'The only. thipg that was omitted, and it could tlly be owing J to the pressure of business on hand, teas. that there were no specimens of penmanship displayed Now, in -a mercanctile country like this, so far from being neglcated, it ougltt to form a lending feature in our schools. Mr. O'Brien, the fourth mnaster (to menion' them in rotation), convinced the com' pany that he had drilled his pupils -well at their tables. The Governor on leaving, was saluted with a '' three times three," which had no stnall effect- in so spacious and lofty a room. The following is a' list of the pr:zes which were delivered by the Chief Justice. FIRST.DIVISION* Cla.ssic--John Lang, the let medal. Jilfaiheonatier-John Wenlworth, the 2nd medal. Itolpping-James Martin, a inap of the Colony, mounted and coloured. E IiayAh'Cos,positionV- William Foster, the third inedal. SGrAck-Livingston Mitchell, books, Frencth- Hoverliden Hely, ditto. SGe ,meitry-Thomas A. Smith, ditto. Sompos tron--ll. Holy, ditto. Granmar--Robert hroughton, ditto. Gil.b6e and Geography--Andrew Dc Mestre SECOND DIVISION. 4rilthnmetic - Maser G. All n, the fourth medal. Latta--''lTholns Brown, books; - Roberts, ditto ; Ferdinand ,l.quesa, ditto ;-Brena, ditto. Gro etry-Robertsun, ditto. E,gliskGramtlnlar--Samuel Thompson, ditto. Ilistory--Matthew Bourne,-ditto ;-lanocland, dlitto. \- General Knowltd&e--David; Moore, - ditto; - ditto. - TlIftRD DIVISION. Acri hmelic- Maser H. Bourne, books ; Wil lianl Jdi-na, ditto; Joseph Wood, ditto. _'?l.'gli h Grnnmma -,Henry Green, ditto. Sograpny - Henry falwassar, ditto. " iuo- r'i.2lstOry-.Auguslus Crle.r ditto. ;frit ,ng-_-Juliuns Rudder, ditto. Ua farm goodl;6; hauiour--Jam5s Norton, ditto. Ieaetding ancd Explanation- Charles Clarlie, di to; \illias Ilodges, ditTo. ba isand Jlrenial ,Irithenotlic -Murray Mitch ell,.ditto ; 'Thomas l'eacock, ditto. P?n1?ot- AssoCAII ort o.-Att lhe- Meting Iteld yeslertlay, in .consrtquentce of their not briag tu u attenat, º ri -,ae .l, Alets 'ers tmeet to-day at hall past ten (f,'I teevein), .and as the Bill prepared by ?lr WVentwol Ih is to be brought under consider. ation, it is hoped that there will be a strong muster of llemnd, rs. 'fit Petition Conmnuit. tee also ineetrt to day, for the purpose lipre se?tting Captain Daitiels with a silver ntiull box for his servicees. A vote of huiks t., Il casre. Donaldsosn. and Wilkinson,_ hlasbeet pasael by the Petition Committee for their z,.alolus services O.i llehalf of-the Colonists. Colionel Delparit, and the OlfLere of the 17th Rlegilment, wihowere prest'lus. The excellent bantld of the regiment, coinducted by Ali. Lewis, was inhattendance, and contributed-to the suc cess'of the evenillg's amusement lby playing a niumnber of serected pieces of mnusic ii tlteir Susuual supeJfor style. 'iTe proprietors have, we perceive eng?sged a perfortuer namned Lee, lwho lus bIeenl acting at Houlart'Town and Lcunces ton, with success, Hle makes his de&ut; thiseven Sing in the character of lrgo indlonzo thIe .rL'ave. AlAnRaKETS.--li cetinstquence of Christmas day lallitg oin next Fridlay, the markets will be helid ni'Xt week, iil Tluesltay land 'i'hlIrsIlav. T'Ihe ialteratioln of thle hour of the sale of Cumanming's Hutel, Iromn eleven to twelve, came too-laite r iiinlsertiol int the pro per place. Otn Tuesday constable Trenor went into \he house ot a respectable itidividual while in a state of intuxication, and grossly insulted tie fesisale portion of the family, who were at the time the only persons in the house. 'lThe following tmorning C'oloiel Wilson dismissed 'I'reltor froi lthe police, and uponl hlishtakiug a stiiable apology, -the gentlemnlan, whole family hIe i?al in.aulted, de'clited making any further charge againlsl him. We wcre in .crrori in our.last, in statiig that . Dr. Bland's resolution at tIhe getitrul meeting of thf Patriotic Associalion, vas-seconded I by the Rev.. lr. Carmichadel; it shou hilave beel.tAlr. Cape, Seln. 'T's.Ilt?t--O. Tl'lursdaty ,evelllng there was a raticer ntiuslerflus auliheiiAal hhe Iheatle, to witness the performasnce of the comedy ol \- TAe:Jlapicite,-and the-farce-of-he- Hauntued Inn, botlh 'of which werejllij-?l a i- canitnh-er tilart gave Aitlsfaction to the -audience. The evening's entertaintments were palronizedl by A man named George Braer, w as cltarged. at-.the Police Ollice OIl 'ihurstlsy, by William Evona, Prince,-streqt, with robbing Shim of. six slllilings." It appeared that the partiesatlere neiglhbours, acd on Mbonday, during thie ' eomfortable' tiliey hitad exceeded the 'happy uediumn.' Prisoner then took the tlnoney acdsv went off with it. His wife haldl sice ~given?a pomi:suory note for ithe amouon .- to-prIosEueru, wVho. had but a very indifferenc reco!llogin of the modea int whiclh lthe alledged robbery ;llad been effected. Mr. indtleyer sail, he. was much disposed to puntisl thleu iotit for drunlkenness. The prios?ierwas did charged, The convicts'which arc at present ait the dlispo-iiaf-l o loernllenltI are so numerous thltat the niumbler, whlichl by the new regulu tionlt were to be assigned ho iandividuals, has ,been'enlarged, as wvilli'hbiseen-.on reference to tlhe Government ordfr publihsheld in another cuhlipn,. A A~'man named Smarah Ryan, (tife,) assigned to her husband, Thomnas Ryan, Phil lip-street, was convicted before Mr. Stenarl, on Wednesday of talking loudly in the Police O:fice, and interupting. the proceedings ot the Court. She was ordered to the Factory, where, during a snjourirmelit of founreen da). in the third class, she will learn to "' uioderatt Tice-rarcour-utter-t o n g e." WI illiam Harvey, convicted of bur glary in the house ot Mrs. Barnes, was execu ted on Wednesday morning,-- pursuant to his sentence. " When on the platform he declaresd his innocence to those around him. He was attended by the IL.tv. AR'Eacroe. During the previous ni~ht, Harvey had attempted to cu' his throat with a sharpened piece of bone, but failed in accomplishing his object. In consequence of the departure of the Rev. 1Mr. Dove for Hobart Town,, thl . Presbyterians at Parramatta are left without t any minister of their persuasion, although a salary for one, to commence on the first proximo, l as been voted by the Legislative I Council. We understand that the erection of a Kirk at that town will be cotnmenced itnme diately, in order that it may be completed byI the tithne, that a minister may be expected to arrive from Britainn Thc.two assigned servants to Mr. tMaelzer, George-street, who were remanded on a former day for rubbing their master. were, on Thu'rsday, re- examined and foutnd guilty, and sentenced 12 months each to an ironed-gang, and -to -be--assignedtin. future up the country. Bolter, who was charged as thfl receiver was disch arged. Two women .named Catherine Os horn and Ellen Ramsay, were fully committed for stealing a good fat goose,,the property of constable Cdallighan, residing in Druitt-street. It was a file bird, and ibetelded as a '"boen bouche," for Callaghan's Christmas friends. It -would appear, that prisoaerb have a numer ous connexion, and required a corresponding abundance to regale their friends, for on the same. night they found it necessaryoto purloin Lwo other geese, and.a couple of fowls, the property of Mr. Brodie a neighbour. of Call ghan's. A man of respectable appearance, applied to ilr. Wiuadeyer for advice on Thurs day, he being ufl ected with thit .------- greatest misery of life, A clacking, noisy, scolding wife. Mr. Windeyer listened -to the detail of hi, domnestic grief ntitht much attention, but said as -she- was- a free wmnan, the:bllene It had lo right to in'erfere. All that could be said was. the had a bad tife, and Ie ought to endlesvou. to a.uke her better. Applicant in a mournful tone, uttered something like-'twas easier said than done--heaved a deep high, and left tht oflice. Owing to the great number of pri soners-wholeyet-remtain -untried, the hearing appeal cases, is likely to he pl i-af until tlie next Sessions. The appellants however will Ibe required to prove their notices during thi. Srssion, fur which, opportunity will b, aft r.led. \-- Gofno.n'iR==s--J?i? rST.-An-l-qtuest wt held at the T'ree a'i'uts 7'In-ern, king street. on T'uesday,. and continued by adjournmne n until 'lThursday- aftcrnoon,, pon the bodly of a pridoner of the Crown, named Willi.n Hutlhiisnm, or Hlutchins, who came by I-i: d -ath under the following circumsntances -C? , Mlonduy morning the hut of-a-man namnee O'Keefe, residing at L'ate Cove, was (dcrini? h is- absee rce)-eae teredl-y_stmepersson ,_Atndlhii clothes, flo.ur, tea,.&c.; taken away. He ea. pecting I utechinson, (wliho was tien i iilli bush illegally at large) went to a neighbouting but onrcupied.hy Tloln:ea O'Brien, overseer tio .\r. T. H-Iyndes, -and acqeeainted him with tilht rubbery. O'Brien with two other men, Meac Ucarthy anti Foster, (sawyers,) armed them selves-with -twoe-fowling_!piecesantLa musket,. and then sallied forth in pursuit !,f Ifutchi'itson. ihey pIureeded oI a hue I LO upid I y a-li natied 'Townslhend, which 'they 'eatered unude, the pretence of lighting their pipes, anl get. tiing a drink of water; Whilst there, i1'Cartli cried out that lletchlinson' had just passed thi, hlt, they followed and got tip ti within a feu yards or irim ; .(Foamer u, i eaer hy bto knew Hutchiison,) they thlren called out te him to stand and surrendter. l-utclielsnn, (who held a- large-- clasp. knive in his hand) svore by the Holy Ghost, he would up hhii own bowels out sooner than be taken to Sy.l ney, he had s.uffered so much from heitne ironed before. They said, they. wou'd shot him if le did not surrender. lie rel.l edlthe might-shoot himi if they chose, that ihe woule not he taken, land lbarn? iris breast requester they would hit him ie the "''ight lilace ;" theri parlied wvithl him upwartls of uan hour utd a half: (being afraid to close with him,) duiring :lie timne M'Curthy went for a rope, (filedint he would not surretider) Foster and O'Brilr laid down their gaRis fur the pnrpose of lakilng Ilutchinson with the rope; whilst stooping foe this purpose, P'Carthy called ou', he is 6oli. ing?, he will escape. flutchinson wes s'irn 1 a thick scrub, his headt otely visible; M*Curth, fired andti deceased fell; thie hall having ehtered at the back ot hiis head; he sas speechless anti lingered until the following morning abou one or two o'clock; whilst the three meta were parlying with himn they taked him wilh robbing O'Kefe; deceased said, lie was sorn for it, and if he ihad money, or giootlds, h would give it to O'Keefe, but would soonet dlie thian be taken. lThe Jdtry (fuurteesi) after having been upwaids of five hours contsulinp on thleir verdict, could ihot agree, twelve being fer mnanslaughter, and two for justifiable homni cide, The Coroner refused to take the vertliec of manslauighter, it being ille'g I. He read over to thie .jurytlhat part of the E?glisle law (7 nut; 8 Geo 4. c. 27.) applicable to outlaws, and also the Colonial clause (5.h Win. 4 h..Nb. 9., ,vhich refers to bu-raengers.. T'ie jury aftet a further chnsulia'ion, returtned a verdict ol Just iflde Ilomicide. Tis WEATER..-Their will be fair cropt-in-tlis quarter, but the rains have not only not filled the water~ -eol.but tliey arrjemti - 8s cvet . There was-only just rain-enouglhl-to-soak -the. ground and, a great deal of rain will be required in the Cowpas' tures ated at Campbell Towvn to fructify the nmaize, whichis very backward, though healthy. The . bul locks will soon begin to die again for want of water, through ndt of Krass, if the water-holes continue dry. 'In the Wengeecarriby or Bang Bong river, which has now been dry above fourteen months, there seems to be only.hkfew batckets-ftll left, and h week's dry weather willp-robably drink thent upi In short, nothing will place tihe counetry in.a safe state for working oxen and- fordalry cows, bet a week's continued rain. That alone weull fill our ponds and soak thelgrounds, which the. umnmer -requires in order to render our maize and hay hnarvests produc Tive.=From a Correspondent, loneg Brng. Yeterdlay Mr Samuel kreFe sold by Atuction, the Slaughter-House, Cot tage, &c.;, at Black Wattle Swamp, the prolperty of Mesrse Thomnpson and Jackson; to J. Hughes, Esq., for .... , £50 0 0 \- .dAd by printle Contract, - - Thee righlt and title of Mnit'. George Whitr,-.to-an -allotment-ofLlaned and_ . Buildiegs thereon, nearly opposite the - T'roll Bar part of the Ultsmo Estate, to J. inghllin, Esq., for.,............. 300 0 0 , Total £850 o o W\Vithlr UcUCfl (evc ta, the parajgrap1)1 in respecting thet rubbery of itLItId it tiutihhlait. lunri to Sydney, wve in rid tat thea mail is nun arefully placed inI a secure locker,tLe mnotnen' t is taken onu hoard the strtin-vessel. wbe're it remrains until delivered to thie pioper OUliuera. 