Informers. It is a common practice for people to decry all informers as bad men, and really there is generally but too good reason to do so ; as most commonly, the informer is a monster who 'goeth about, and like a roaring lion seeketh whom he may devour." In some cases, however, credit, rather than disgrace, attaches to the man who lays an information ; and the more especially so, when there is no prospect of gain in the way. As an illus- tration of the two sorts of informations, we may cite the case of the late King's Arms in Murray-street. Here was a house licensed to a man named Hoskis- son, who from family difficulties and other disqualifying circumstances, was unable to manage the business, and there- fore engages a servant named Smith to assist him. In so doing, Hoskisson gives way to ' rambling and wild habits,' neglects his business, gets into difficulties, and finally gets out of the way, leaving his servant Smith to do the best he can. The latter, being an honest man, tries by every means in his power to keep the business together, most successfully ; and even pays a portion of his master's debts. (This fact can be proved by the officers of the Court of Requests.) At length it is discovered incidentally by the police, that Hoskisson has abandoned his house, and that Smith who is selling for him has never been submitted for approval of the Magistrates. The result is that two informations are laid — the one by district constable Peel against Hoskisson, the real offender, for the pur- pose of getting a license cancelled, which has been abused—the other by district constable Swift against Smith, for the sake of getting a moiety of the fine ! The cases are heard before the Bench, when Hoskisson's license is declared null and void ; and poor Smith, for being a ser- vant contrary to law, is fined £15 and costs. Now these two examples, as we said before, are a specimen of creditable and discreditable informations. Peel, on the one hand, sees a flagrant breach of a local act, and without hope of reward prosecutes the offending party. Swift, on the other hand, prosecutes an unof- fending and already deceived man for the sake of the penalty ! We shall not attempt to draw a comparison between the two ; as every one must see the dis- tinction between a just and active con- stable, who wishes to do his duty for the good of society ; and a mercenary infor- mer, who would make his duty subser- vient to his own interests. The foregoing was intended to have accompanied the report of Smith's case ; but we delayed it in consequence of wish- ing to know the facts. Since then, we have heard that which induces us to think Smith has been exceedingly ill used. His wife happens to be a prisoner of the Crown, and on that account he was refused a licence for the 'Gibraltar Rock' which he formerly kept ; and not as he positively declares, because the house was misconducted, as Captain Forster stated on the bench. If Smith is to be believed, no complaint was ever exhi- bited against the 'Gibraltar Rock,' while he had it ; and the only reason why he did not get a license in his own name, a circumstance on which so much stress was laid when the information was tried, was, his wife not being free ! This man is now branded as an illicit grog- seller and fined as such, for merely doing what he conceived to be his duty to his master. A pretty example of the Alge- rine code, which thus, it would appear, visits the sins of the master upon the servant, if any informer can be found mean enough to prosecute under such an act, Mr. Swift, however, does not seem to be particular, if we may judge by the general character of his informations. Peel has a larger mind, but has not amassed so much properly, which might be expected. In the present case, we think the man Smith a very fit subject for his Excellency's favourable consider- ation. He is a seaman, and has no means of getting his living ashore except as a publican, knowing no other business. That line is prohibited to him because his wife is not free ; and now he is fined, because he had a master who ran away. Of course he will not take another such a situation, to incur another such a risk ; and therefore he has no alternative than to go to sea. In that case what will be- come of his wife ? We hope to hear that something has been done for her by the Lieutenant Governor ere long ; and would recommend him to memorial his Excellency instantly, not only for indul- gence to his wife, but also for a remit- tance of the government moiety of the penalty. A Ghost ! no Joke.— On Sunday night, as Mr. Dudgeon was returning home from visiting a friend, opposite the Church fence he heard a scream, and saw a female fall down on the foot-path. Thinking that some ruffian had assaulted her, he ran to the rescue, and on coming up he found a respectable looking girl in hysterics ; and in answer to his reply, she could only say, ' A Ghost! oh, a Ghost ! !' While he was trying to reco- ver the poor girl, he was startled by a rushing noise, a sudden bellow, and the sound of a jump, when, on looking round, he discovered the cause of the girl's alarm in the shape of the Parson's white calf, which was playing its gambols in the cool of the evening after the op- pressive heat of the day. This would make a very interesting paragraph for our learned Contemporary, ' The broad and liberal.' 