XB.XSB DBVOTEDSTSSS. The following story is told of a retainer of O'Sullivan, lord of liner and Binlrv, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. O'Sullivan's strong hold had been sacked and destroyed by the English-not 'even a cow, garrone, goat, 01 sheep had been left- and co, O'Sullivan, consigning the cure of his wife and child to his faithful gossip, Gorrino M'Swincy, re- treated to Ulster in the hope of being able to 10 prove his cause. Goriaue, whose whole soul was in his charge, returned with them to a bookie healing set up under the feet of the Eagle's Precipice at Glengariff- Tins books or hut was so contrived that W i hunt and his Saxon devils (as Germans called them), might scour the mountains over and never see it, or suspect that there was in such a desert a human habitation. It was erected against the face of a rocky ridge, the roof sloping down till it touched the moor, was covered with screws and sods of health, so that the plate was distinguishable from the shelving slope of the mountain, and the entrance a long distant, winding passage in the rock, and charcoal burned on the hearth for first was secure from suspicion, but bow was (be Princess of Dear and Bantry to be supported, not a cow was there to give milk, no corn, nor rout, nor pulse Gorraue bad one salted salmon wrapt up in a cow's milk that was all his provision when they entered the book, and where to go and seek for food, Goiruua knew not under heaven, famine had spread over the southern land as Spencer says, the people of Munster were brought to such wretchedness, and even a heart of stone would have used to see the same s for out of every corner of the woods and glynnes they came creeping forth on their hands and knees, for their legs could not bear them ; they looked like anatomies of death, they spake like ghosts crying out of their graves; they did eat the dead carrion, happy were they when they could find them ; yea, and one another, sometime after ; insomuch that the very carcases they spared not to scrape out of their genius, and if they found a plot of water cresses and shamrock, there they-flocked as to a least.," In thít.extremity of desolation was the south-west of Cork and Desmond, when Gorrarte took home his charge to his books, and the poor fostered knew not. "j what to do all his trust was that God was good, and the Virgin Mother, his protectress, would not fail him in his hour of need. Andes thus one morning he was ruminating, he rambled under the precipice p vi her are you after year the eagles of the valley had, fleshed and reared their young ; and looking up,' We saw one of these huge birds failing on steady wing wilt share within its talons, and now it alighted on its rod n s and anon the young eagles were shrieking with triumph over the divided prey. Arran now is it not the greatest pity in life, that the young h II birds, that look for all the world like the childer of these cramming, beef-eating devils, the Snronçlnirls-my heavy curse light upon them all that these greedy gifts should be after awaiting the game that nobody has any right to, but O'Sullivan and my sweet mistress and her little ones, all the while starving. Now, it's I that have a thought in my head, which no living soul but she Virgin herself could bayonet into it, and it is myself knows what I will do" So home Gerrand went, and all daylong he was seen busy, twisting firmly with"aU'hhvroigl i, a rope made from the fibres of the beggar. and the- same evening he took out from his store, his salmon, and (over the greater part to be boiled for, supper,-, and long before the following day-break, Gorrane got up from his bed of heath, and he awoke shading his sister a boy about fourteen years old : "shading will get up come along with me The boy, light and active, was beside him in an instant, and cut they both stated the father with his wooden rope in his hand. Just as the day was breaking, they came to the bank of the mountain ridge that ascends from the precipitous valley, Where the eagles build their nest, and just as they arrived at the verge of the chasm, they saw the old eagles soaring away to see! the sun and to seek" for their prey over land and a. " Pha,}j-,ig-a outside, wears down there," says the father, '< look down, below and see that hints west down there you must go by. the help of his, rent; if you have any regard for the hfeof-lhe more than that bore you, and of the school mistress for whom we are bound to live or spend our blood and die. You must go down by the help of this rope, ¡ and tie these straps that I will give you round the reeks of yonder gaping gre rly guts; don't cheek Glen for the life of you, but just Others agreed g so tight that not one morsel can th,çy%wa,ligw.'"f "Find now father sure it's I myself that would do-' see no better sport than to get down and wring their links off, and bring them, up to you; but sure father the Lady O'Sullivan insist be cruel hungry when she would eat eagles." .' O that, would not do at all at s of riding jewel, meat would, be tiiesppilnlg without be sure of the whole thing-no, my honey, sh(anTe tem gently, street the^hastythirfgs as if they were -jur mother's daughters - only da,, chairing, just as bid you." a.' Well, father, mind you hold right, and I will do your bidding." So, German fastened Veil the rope about the boy's waist april between his. Iga, and down The lowered 'Kim in the rattle of Gags, and all the saints. "The youth soon got to (he nest IS he was bid, tightened well the necks of the young eagles, so that they could not swallow ; then he was safely drawn up For an hour or, two the father and n waited near the nest, and at length were gratified 'at seeing the old oueticpmc soaring down the wind, ne with a rabbit, another with a grouse in li is talons, Inch they deposited in the nest and after a, time ew away.' Now Pbadrig evenness down with you again, and to be sure it's I that will hold you tight-gut) be game, to row (he garbage to the young ones, it's, highland natural they should have it, and bring up nderyou,rtwparmj Q'Sullivan'sriglitfyl property."! Ill time the boy did with address, arid expedition and in this manner were the family in the book ed, until the British retreated from the country , and the, wife of O'Sullivan and her faithful folio vers )uh| reach a place of safely Sketches in Ira the-. 