RESOLUTIONS OF THE COOTEHIL DDIS ,'.T.RIC'T EDUCA.TXQNAL UNION i;: t WTfH REMA; I ,RKS,. &c.;" [CONcLUDED PFROM OUR LAST] REMARKS. , PROiEiSTAN FPREN Ds.-You will readily perceive by the'foregmin expressions of our convictions, respect ing the National System of Education, that it'must be our wish with reference to- you in particular, that you shall in no way lend'your names, your counte nance, or co-operation, to a plan of public instruction, in the organizing- of which- the wisdom of man is re garded as supreme, while the authority of God is set at naught. We ask you, whether do .you suppose. the God who made your children,, aid created their understandings and hearts, and .with all 'their varied capacities antd powers, or man.who is himself a crea ture, is the better judge, as. to the quantity and quality of Divine Revelation ;which are ..most suit able' to their present wants 'and everlastiig destinies? The' Lord Jehovah, your, supreme legislator and judge, has given you a revelation of his character so far. as you can know it, of his -purposes so far as you can comprehend them, and of all the varied duties which you are:to performto God, to yourselves, and your ,neighbour, as you pass through this transient life to a: glorious immortality. This revelation is called THE BIBLE, or the Old and New Tt:staments. The character .of this book is thus set forth by the Holy Ghost in Psalm xix. 7-11 : "The law of the Lo.rd is. perfect, converting the soul; the testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. The statutep of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart; the conmmandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. The fear of the Lord is clean, endiuring for ever; the judgments of the Lord are true and righte ous ALTOGETHER. More to be desired are they than gold, yea,- than much fine gold: .sweeter also than honey and the honey-comb. Moreover, by them is thy servant warned:; and in keeping of them there is great reward.", The character and perfection of of this Book as God's grand: instrument for the sanc tifying of the soul,is thus set forth in' language which applies to it as a WnOLE, by our blessed Lord in his last prayer; for'his faithful followers, John xvii. I7:i "Sanctify them through thy truth, thy word is truth." And again in Matt. iv. 4: " Man shall not live.by bread alone, but by EVERY word that proceedeth ouit of the mouth, of God." .And again, by the Apostle Peter, i Pet. i.23: 'eiig 'borni again not of cor ruptible seed, buti of incorruptible, by th9 word of God which livetlit aniidabideth for.. ever." ' To, the same effect is the language of St. Paul to Timothy, in his2 .E~i is, ii. 16,17 : "'ALL Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and :is' profitable fodr Doc-' TRINE, for.reproof, for correction, for. instruction in righieousness, .that tle-ma? a .of. God may 2beperfrct,': thoroughly furnisli~ i unt' ;lli good works." From these few.poritions, it is evidlent, that the Bible.is. ALT? Revelationfromi God-thfit' iis, al ecqually inspired-' that' "'ALTOGETHi' it :'is true and righteous '-that when taken not,.in:its, mutilated and perfect entire 'iess, it is under the Holy Spirit tbe Lord's only effi cient instrument of true mental ill umination, regene ration, and conversion, "with all th'e attendant.fruits( of holiness, and happiness. : .. The 'Bible is ,like all the works of the Lord, per-' feet; and as you admit that no human additions can ma!?e it more: so, you uwill also aminit that mutilations can neither add attractions to its beauty, nor give greater efficacy to any of its parts. As perfection, then, is the character of that Bible which has come :down from .heaven, containing "' milk'" for. babes, and meat for strong, men-therefore, to all who would ask you to unite with them in obtaining even' the highest earthly object that the wisdom of man can predent, or human expediency'dream about, on the condition of expungingone verse, one word, one letter friom Holy Writ, let your unbending motto be, " Toiiuh:' not, taste niit, handle not."-rSay to them, whether Romani Catholic or Protestant-" we will 'uite' with all good men, of all colours, creeds, or de nominations, in promoting by honourable and legal measures any benevolent object; but the Lord 'frori 'heaven 'hath 'said, withl reference to both the Lord and the Prophets,' (Malt. v. 18.): "'Tillhea ven arind earth pass, one jotor , one tittle shall in no wise pass fromn the law, till all be fulfilled." '" We therefore, view this Bible, as ;the exhaustless display of Jehlovah's glorious attributes,' in which EVERY woRn A~ND 'LETTErn, in this splendid firmament of truth, are as immoveably and permanently fixed in their places by infinite wisdom, as the very stars of heaven;, and in which, when viewed as a WHOLE by the'eye of faith, the Sun of Righteousness sits en throned in the all-glorious moral panorama of his mighty, incomprehensible, merciful, and majestic characteir. From this firmament of truth, we dare no more attempt to expurge one word or letter, than we dare, in imagination, put forth our lanu, to snatch from its place the brightest orb of heaven.' Say to all persons making such requests of you: ' We be lieve your request, though proceeding to us from the highest earthly authority, to be founded in gross error. It has originated in the homage of the mind to the claims of a shifting expedience, more than to the rights of permanent principle. The ears of our Rulers have been, assailed, and their minds dis tracted by clamorous, and in our opinion, most un justifiable demands from various quarters ; and now they would purchase a false repose by sacrifices of pi'inciple, to. which our consciences will never permit us to yield. Make any demand but that of Christian principle, and we will sacrifice' it on the Altar of Peace. We ,will promote the temporal and eternal happiness of.our Catholic countrymen, by every means in our power; but we will never earn the precarious favour of man, by the com promise of those principles which would expose us to the certain displeasure of Heaven ;-having once 'bought the truth, we will sell it not'-give up what we may, our Bibles, unspoiled by the mutilator, we shall ever retain, and with the last-hand we can raise e iwill. lift them ablove the rising billoivs of conspi ring and tumultuous infidelity, and.part them only with our lives.' ROMAn CATHOLrCo FarE.Nns.-Should `these few pages fall into any of your hands, accept oui solemn assurance, that "'our heart's desire and prayer. to God- forlyou is, that you may be saved,"--and "led intoall truith; according to the Scripiures." The same privileges= of Scriptural illumination, which we 'desire:for ourselves as dying, yet immortal creatures, we desire for you also. .We view the National sys tem~ of! Education to which this tract refers, as calcu lated virtually to deprive you of the Scriptures alto geth!er:. You admit that the Bible is a. book from God: If' o, read it all; for surely it would be blasphem-n to suppose,, that. the gift of so good a qe4ung ias God, could either injure you-or your child rei. Did ;not the God of heaven know better than any.manu on eartli what kind of a revelation was most adapted to your state and circumistsnce ' And must, it not'be most daring blasphemy for any one to say, that ther" ai'e parts of that Book that you will. be lietter witlibut knowing? Whatever be the character of the man who acts towards you in this manner, we ask ,you; is it not a despotic infringement upon your rights and privileges, as men and profess ing Christians :' But perhaps you niay doubt whether it be your right and duty, to read the Word of God yourselre, arid' give it to your children also, without having the permission of man for doing so. On these points, hear what the Bible in your own version says to you.... The Word of God, bears evident marks of Catholicity-it is directed to all: hence in Prov. viii. 4"':.0 ye men, to you I call, and my voice is to the sons of men." That similiar Catholicity of ex pression, is the common feature of the whole Bible, (in your own version), embracing within it all ranks and ages, and therefore investing all with a right and consequent duty to read it, will appear evidentfrom the following passages : \- Deut. vi. 6-9: "And these words which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart. And thou shalt tell them to thy children, and thou shalt meditate upon them sitting in thy house,,and Walking upon thy journey, sleeping and rising. And thou shalt bind them as a sign upon thy hand. The word of GCd was thus open to the Jews;- every individuals had free access to the Bible to examine its contents, and follow its directions. Jer. xxiii. 30: " Therefore behold I am' against the Prophets, saith the Lord, who steal my' words every one from his neighbour." Can there be any proof required beyond this, to show that the Lord disappr'oves:?of 'any attempt to forbid the universal circulation, or. the unrestricted reading of his word ? .' John v. 39 .,.Search the- Scriptures"-or as some of your own Church read it, "ye do search the Scriptures." If the, former, then the searching. of the Scriptures is here laid down as a positive duty ;'if the latter,, you have a plain statemnent of the conduct of .the Jews in searching the Scriptures, without any; subjoined .reproof on the part' of our Lord; and consequently .the duty of searching the Scriptures is equally enforced by either reading of this text. Acts. xvii; 11: "Now these were more noble than those in Thessalonica, who received the word .with all eagerness, daily searching the Scriptures i'hether these things were so."'. 'The manner in which almost all the Epistles are addressed to the Churches, is a clear proof of'ihe right of private individuals to read and examine the entii?e Scriptures. '1 "Epistle to the Corinthians is thus addressed: "To I the Church ot God that is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be Saints, with A.LL that invoke the name of Jesus Christ in EvERYaplace of theirs and ours." The Epistle to the Ephesians is thus addressed to' Athem: "To ALL the Saints who are at Ephesus; and to the faithful in Christ Jesus." . But if there be any portion of Holy Writ which ought not to be read, on the ground of being " hard to be understood," and, consequently, liable to misin terpretations, that portion is surely the Apocalypse. But what says the Spirit concerning the reading of this book, a great portion of which all admit to be most mysterious? Apoca. i. 3: " Blessed is he that readeth'and heareth the words of this prophecy, and keepetli those things which are written in it. For the time is at hand.' Now it is evident that mysterious soever as the Apocalypse really is, there is a blessing promised to him that readeth it. Hear the sentence of the Holy Spirit in the concluding words of this book: " If any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of hlfe, and out of the holy city, and from these things that are written in this book." ' The principal objection to theindiscrimninate reading of the Scriptures is, that divisions are the consequence. While man is a free agent diversities of opinion must and will exist-nor dJo we admiit that such di versity is an evil, so long as it does not destroy UNITY U0 raItlin IIIus uunaULi1LLLs wo11111 .110 CfbuLus1 of salvation. Let the objectors examine the pub lished Creeds of the Rcjormed Churches, and they will find, that though a difference, in opinions of minor importance, in exernal government and Church Discipline, may exist; yet that all concur in the fundamental truths of the Christian system. But' let us ask, what is Unity? Is it the fruit of com pulsion-is it ?be result of spiritual despotism ? No, it is unity of soul-the result of personal examination and personal conviction. But every other Unity that rejects the privilege of personally investigating truth, is a mere -chimera, amounting to no more than a colnfederacy of"ignorance, a display of nominal uni fb'rmitty, without the existence of any real unity. Finally, Protestant and Roman Catholic V'riends, notwithstanding we may be divided on other subjects, we stand upon the common ground of being all sin ners. Roman Catholic and Protestant have all vio Lated the commands of Ileaken, and the curse ap pended to the transgression of the moral code, is rest ing upon all. All need a Saviour, and to that word we direct you, which from the lips of the Redeemer is saying, " I am the way, the truth, and the life-no man cometh to the Fathe, but by me;"--which de clares there is .but ONE MEDIATOR between God and man;" that. "by the deeds of the law shall 'no flesh be justified ;" but that '.' Christ is the 'end of the law for righteousness to every one that helieveth." Let every vain refuge be abandoned-let not your' º hope of salvation rest upon an unstable foundation, but only upon that Rock laid in Zion, evenathe Lo4d'' and Saviour Jesus Christ. \---- • .-- :. PERtuSAL OF THE BIBLE BY CELEBRATED MEN. Sir William Jones, occupying among learned nir?n' the first rank, and possessed of the knowledge or" twenty-eight languages, has written among his mend'm randa that the 'study of the sacred volaure Was, in. the midst of his numerous labours, hid constant and' principal occupation. Sir Isaac Newton, who stands: at the head of all mathematicians in modern times, was a diligent student of the Scriptures. Locke, whose profound philosophy has enlarged the limits of the science of the human mind; has recommended, in his writings, the reading of the Bible as of a 'book having God for its author, salvation for its design, and for its subject truth unmixed with error. Milton the great poet, studied with the most serious attention the oraclesof God. Boerhaave, one of the most illus°' trious of European physicians, spent one hour of every day in meditating on the contents of this holy book., The Chancellor de l'Hospital wrote,--" In my opi nion, there is nothing to be compa'sed with the sacred : volume; there alone can the soul repose herself with. calmness, and find a -secure refuge against every calamity." The illustrious D'Aguesseau never, ai lowed a day to pass without the perusal of the Scrip-~t r" tures; and in his last moments was heard repeating the language of one of the Evangelists. Pierre de l'Etoile, when drawing up a catalogue of the boobks" which he was desirous of takiug with him as the companions of a journey, thus began.:-" A Bible ia 4to., Lyons edition, which is the book of books, and must always come first," How many other names of equal eminence might wo not add to the list. All that is most elevated in genius and in science chiefly celebrated,' that entire band which forms the glory of the human race, and before whom, the civilized world: bends with deference, hive borne towards the Bible a reverential respect, whilst they have perused it.with. religious perseverance.-Archives du Chr. o:ianisme. The Obelisk of Luxor,.obtained by the French and brought to Franece, is about to be erected at the londe Pointe of the Champs Elysees; and the twelve statics from thdie font de la Concorde tobe disposed as an avenue to increase its effect. Perti coos are also to be built, and the whole place im-. proved by fillingup the fosses, and levelling the field. A'"nionument is shortly to he erected in Germany to the memory of Schiller. The celebrated sculptoE Thorwaldsen. has been commissioned to make the: model. " .. _ 