Colonial Politics. THE BIBLE A SAFE BOOK FOR PERSONS OF ALL AGES AND OF EVERY STANDING. WHEN AHAB, the king of Israel, had de- termined to march against the Syrian city of Ramoth-Gilead to battle, he sent for the prophets or priests of Baal, the government or established clergy of the period, to give him their advice on the subject. When these obsequious functionaries had all strongly recommended the step on which they per- ceived their master was already bent, and had given him assurance of entire success, JEHOSHAPHAT, the king of Judah, who happened to be present (which, by the way, he ought not to have been in such com- pany), asked if there was no other prophet —no prophet of the LORD—of whom inquiry might be made. AHAB replied that there, was a prophet of the LORD, one MICAIAH the son of IMLAH, but added, " I hate him, for he never prophesies good concerning me, but evil ! " This passage of Scripture history recurred most forcibly to our recollection on perusing a Pamphlet entitled, On the Use and Abuse of the Sacred Scriptures, recently published by the Rev. Mr. ULLATHORNE, the Roman Catholic Vicar for this territory. The evi- dent object and design of the pamphlet is to reprobate and discourage the use of the sacred Scriptures by the unlearned, that is, by the laity; and in order to accomplish this object, which has always appeared one of primary importance to the Roman Catholic clergy since the era of the Refor- mation, the reverend gentleman gives us sundry instances of what we cannot help characterizing, in his own language, as amounting almost to actual abuse of the Holy Scriptures. For, according to the reverend pamphleteer, Those holy men of God, who were inspired by the Holy Ghost to write the sacred Scriptures for our learning, have accomplished their task in so imperfect a manner that it is next to impossible for any man of ordinary understanding to comprehend even a tithe of their meaning, without having previously received a college education. Notwith- standing the inspiration of GOD, under which they acted when they committed his Divine Word to writing for our instruction, the sa- cred writers have not even attained to the low- est quality of style—intelligibility. From being long accustomed to talk Hebrew, nobody but a priest, who of course must be supposed possessed of a portion of the Romish attribute of infallibility, can hope to understand them when they attempt to talk Greek ; and the consequence is, that the trump of GOD which is designed in their hands to arouse the nations with this loud and universal call, Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth, for the LORD hath spoken, must be laid aside as emitting an uncertain sound, and the little keyed bugle of the Church of Rome substituted in its place. Now, there is something extremely sus- picious in all this. It indicates a latent conviction that the plain testimony of Scripture is against the Roman Catholic Church, and that if that testimony were suffered to be emitted freely in the open court of the world, it would carry con- viction of the unscriptural character and pretensions of that church to many a heart. In short, the dignitaries of the Romish Church have had the long experience of three centuries to induce them to adopt similar language and similar procedure, in regard to the general dissemination of the Holy Scriptures, with those of AHAB, the king of Israel, in regard to the son of IM- LAH : " We hate the circulation of the Sacred Scriptures," they may well say, " because they do not prophesy good con- cerning us, but evil; and we will therefore order them to be shut up in the prison of the Latin Vulgate Version, where they will be almost inaccessible to the laity." If a wife receives a letter from her hus- band at a distance, and after having read it herself immediately assembles her children and domestics and reads it in their hearing, and then hands it to one of them and after- wards to another and desires them to read it over and over again, we can immediately perceive that this is a well-regulated and harmonious household, in which the con- fidence of the husband is tenderly recipro- cated in the affection of the wife. And if it should so happen that one of the younger members of this well-ordered family should come to his mother, telling her there is a passage in his father's letter that he does not fully comprehend, the mother will per- haps tell him to read it over carefully again; and if on a second or even a third trial he should still fail to understand it, she will either explain it herself, if she can, or tell him he will understand it all in due time as he grows older and wiser; reminding him at the same time, however, that he under- stands enough of it at present to convince him that he has the kindest and the best of fathers, and to teach him how to demean himself in every particular like a dutiful and affectionate child. Such is the man- ner in which the Protestant Church—the Church of the Reformation— deals with the Holy Scriptures, those letters which she has received for the benefit of her children from her head and husband, the LORD JESUS CHRIST, who has himself gone to a far country, to receive a kingdom, and to return. If, on the contrary, the wife locks up her husband's letter in her escrutoire, after having secretly perused it herself; if she prohibits her children from either touching it or looking at it without her express per- mission; nay, if in order to discourage them from any attempt of the kind, she tells them that their father's letter is not intended for their perusal, that, indeed, he has got so awkward a way of expressing himself that his letters are absolutely unin- telligible even to his own children without her own notes and comments, and that it matters very little, after all, as to their present comfort or future welfare, whether they ever read them or not; what conclusion are we warranted to draw respecting the condition of such a family ? Why, we are surely warranted to conclude that there must be some misunderstanding between the husband and the wife; that the latter has been playing false during the absence of the former; that she is either entirely estranged from the children of her own bosom, or else concerned to alienate their affections from their own father; in short, that she has altogether forsaken her hus- band, and given herself to another. But such is just the manner in which the Roman Catholic Church has dealt with the holy scriptures, those letters which she has received for the benefit of her children from her absent husband, the LORD JESUS CHRIST; such is the manner in which the Roman Catholic Church has dealt with the Holy Scriptures, ever since the famous Council of Trent — an assemblage of half-educated Italian priests—determined in the plenitude of its ignorance and its folly, that the Latin Vulgate version of the Holy Scriptures ( probably the only one that three-fourths of them understood), was actually superior to the Hebrew and Greek originals of which it was the mere translation of a humble presbyter. It is not our intention to review the Reverend Mr. ULLATHORNE'S pamphlet in this article. We shall reserve certain parts of it for future discussion in another com- partment of our paper; for the press of matter at this moment leaves us little space in our present number and still less leisure for a regular review. Our immediate object in regard to it is, merely to make a few re- marks on its general bearing on the subject of our late articles on education; to direct the attention of our readers to the manner in which the sacred Scriptures —the only standard of the Protestant's faith and the only rule of his practice—are undervalued and vilified by the members of the Romish communion, for the purpose of crying up the claims to universal and exclusive authority of a church whose constitution and practice they reprobate and condemn; and to point out the absolute necessity of the strong protest we have already taken, as Protestant Christians in the articles referred to, against the authoritative introduction of any system of general education which would leave either the Rev. Mr. ULLA- THORNE, or any of his Roman Catholic brethren, to say a single word as to how the Holy Scriptures should be used in future in the education of the Protestant youth of this territory. We repeat, what we have already stated before, we have no wish whatever to interfere with the education of the youth of Mr. ULLATHORNE's flock. If any of them come to our schools, we shall be happy to receive them, and we shall just treat them as the Apostle PAUL tells us his son TIMOTHY was treated, in being instructed from his earliest childhood to know the Scriptures which are able to make us wise unto salvation. But we shall never cease to protest against the authoritative introduction of any system of education that would go to form schools for the edu- cation of the Protestant portion of our colonial youth agreeably to the taste and views of our Roman Catholic brethren:– Hanc veniam petimusque damusque vicissim. The Irish Education Bill, which excludes religious instruction from the business of public education and substitutes meagre extracts for the Holy Scriptures, was doubtless introduced by the present Go- vernment; of which, of course, it becomes us to speak with reverence. But that is no reason why the system should be introduced into this colony, which, it must be remem- bered, is not Ireland. The political principles of the present Imperial Government we un- feignedly admire. They have laid the axe to the root of the tree of corruption, and the quivering of its leaves, the shaking of its branches, and the tottering of its trunk, prognosticate its fall. But their latitudi- narian principles in the article of religion we utterly abhor. For, as the poet observes, \- Per Mac et 0 Hibernos dignoscere posses; as easily as an Irishman is distinguishable by his national prefix of Mac or O, so easily is it discoverable that the Irish Edu- cation Bill has originated in an unhallowed combination of irreligion, popery, and in- fidelity. The occasion of the publication of the Rev Mr. ULLATHORNE'S pamphlet is stated as follows:— An effort has been lately made by a few in- dividuals of different creeds to introduce into this colony, a branch of " The British and Foreign School Society," for the purpose, it is stated, in their Resolutions, of " promoting general edu- cation." The predominant feature of the proposed institute is, that the Sacred Scriptures without note or comment, are to be introduced as the School-book. The Catholic clergy were formally invited to the first meeting of the Society, which was held in the vestry of the Independant Chapel. When, on a second meeting being called at the Pulteney Hotel, I attended with Mr. Commis- sioner Therry, for the purpose of stating our objections to this system of general education, which had now assumed the designation in the advertisements of " The Australian School So- ciety," we were refused a hearing. A quarter of an hour, and no discussion, were the rules limit- ing each speaker, promulgated from the chair. It was discovered that they had no intention of calling a general meeting for the consideration of the subject; but a mere private party, to arrange the workings of a pre- established system amongst friends. The Rev. J. McEncroe attended a third meeting, and no discussion was again the order of the day. This statement is not altogether correct. Indeed, we apprehend it is inconsistent with the facts of the case, in more points than one. From the first blush of the affair, it seems to have been stated plainly and without any reservation, that the school or schools which it was proposed to establish, in connexion with the contemplated colonial Society, should be established on the plan adopted by the British and Foreign School Society, one of the fundamental principles of which is, that the Holy Scriptures shall be read daily in the schools of the Society without note or comment. And if the Roman Catholic clergy of the colony were formally invited to attend the first meeting of such a society – which they certainly would not have been had we been in the colony at the time and our advice been asked and taken, for we have no notion of such forced and unnatural combinations – the invitation was probably given under the erroneous idea that in these reforming times, the Roman Catholic clergy of this colony would not be less liberal than their co- religionists in the dominions of Her most Catholic Majesty the QUEEN OF SPAIN. For what will our Roman Catholic brethren of this colony, who are accustomed to speak so lightly of the Lancasterian or British and Foreign School Society, think when they read the following paragraph, which we copy from The Patriot London newspaper for October last? Royal orders have been issued for the abolition of the Spanish East India, or Philippine Com- pany, and for establishing in Madrid a school for the education of schoolmasters, with a view of spreading the Lancasterian method of instruction over Spain.* The Roman Catholic clergy, it seems, did not attend the first meeting of the proposed society. But the Rev. Mr. UL- LATHORNE and Mr. Commissioner THERRY attended the second, which was held at the Pulteney Hotel. It is not the fact that these gentlemen were refused a hearing at that meeting; for they were heard. It was proposed, indeed at the opening of the meeting, that each speaker should limit himself to a quarter of an hour, an arrange- ment not unusual at public meetings; but this proposal was negatived, and each speaker was allowed to speak both as long and as often as he pleased, a privilege of which both Mr. ULLATIHORNE and Mr. THERRY availed themselves. At the third meeting it was doubtless arranged before- hand, that no discussion should take place on the fundamental principle of the society, viz, that the Scriptures should be used without note or comment; but the Rev. Mr. McENCROE was heard at that meeting, notwithstanding, in explanation of the principles and the practice of the Roman Catholic communion. In reviewing the circumstances that have occurred in connexion with this affair, our readers will probably agree with us in con- cluding, that in the formidable array of Roman Catholic force that has been re- cently mustered, both at public meetings and through the press, against the establish- ment of a few schools in this colony on the British and Foreign School Society's prin- ciple, there has been something more than what meets the eye. Perhaps they will even resolve it into the indication of a scheme to undermine the Protestantism of the colony; and if they do so, we will not say that they are greatly in the wrong. When Episcopacy was evidently weakened by the absence of her ARCHDEACON, the hen that would otherwise have gathered the defenceless chickens under her wing, and when there appeared on the walls of the Protestant citadel of Zion only a few insig- nificant dissenters, then, doubtless, was the time to march up boldly to the ramparts, and to blow it up with the Irish Bill, or to take it by storm. But how are the mighty fallen * At one of the public meetings for the formation of a Society on the principles of the British and Foreign School Society in this colony, it was stated by one of the speakers that there had been schools organised on the principles and plan of that Society in the Roman Catholic republic of Mexico, and that several distinguished noblemen and gentlemen of the Roman Catholic communion were to be found among the number of its patrons and members. An ignorant and exceedingly pert Roman Catholic boy, who happened to be pre- sent, immediately interrupted the speaker and challenged him to name a single Roman Catholic, either at home or abroad, who had patronised the British and Foreign School Society. Of course, we can now name, for the information of the boy's masters, for we will have nothing to do with himself, ISABELLA SEGUNDA, Queen of Spain, and the Reformed Government of that exclusively Roman Catholic kingdom. in the midst of the battle ! O Mr. ULLA- THORNE, thou wast slain in thine high places ! We are distressed for thee, O Mr. Commissioner THERRY ! 