ss. «v^iWV-» 7 ft j BY THE LATE ELLA. Lear, Who are you 1 ' ' ' ' > Mine eyes are none of the best Platell you straight Are you not Kent 1 ' > Kent, 'the same ; your servant Kent.' Where is your servant Cains v Lear, "I was a good fellow I can tell you that He'd strike and quickly too ., he is dead and rotten, Kent. No my good Lord ; I am the very man Lair. . I'll see that start Kcnti 'I hat from your first of difference and decay Havo'follow'd your sad steps. Lear, You are welcome hither. Albany, The knows not what he says and vania is That we present us to him, Edgar. Look up, my Lord. Kent. Vex not his ghost. 0, let him pass. He hates him. That would upon the rack of this rough world Stretch him out longer So ends ' King Lear' the most stupendous of the Shaksperian drama; and Kent, the noblest feature of the concep- tions of his divine mind. This is the magnanimity of authorship, when a writer, having a topic presented to him, fruitful of beauties for common minds, waves his privileges, and trusts to the judicious low for understanding the reason of his abstinence. What a pudder would a common dramatist have raised here of the reconciliation scene, of perfect recognition, between the assumed Caius and his master to the suffering of many fair eyes, and the moistening of cambric handkerchiefs. The old dying king partially catching at the truth, and immediately lapsing into obliviousness, with (he high-minded carelessness of the other to have his services appreciated as one that ceived not for gain. Or (allowed out of, form, are among the most judicious, not to say heart-touching strokes of Shakespeare. Allied to this magnanimity it is where the path and point of an argument, the amplification of which might compromise the modesty of the speaker, is delivered briefly, and, as it were, parenthetically ; as in these few but pregnant words, in which the man in the old ' Nut Brown Maid' rather intimates than reveals his unsuspected high birth to the woman 5 Now understand, to Westmorland, Which is my heritage, I will you hung, and with a ring, JJy way of marriage, I will you take, and Lady make. Turn we to the version of it, ten times diluted, of dear Mat. Prior-in his own way unequalled, and a poet now a-days too much neglected-' In the,' quoth Henry.addressingthe astounded Emma with a flourish and an altitude, as we may conceive : In me behold the potent Edgar's their, Illustrious Karl 1 him ten able in war, Let Loir confess. And with a deal of smimble-skarnblo stuff as Hostspur would term it, more presents the Lady with a full and true enumeration of his Papa's rent-roll in the fat soil by O eva. But of all parenthesis, (not to quit this too suddenly) commend me to that most significant one at the commencement of the old popular ballad of Fair Rosa- mond : When good King Henry ruled this land, The second of that name, Now mark (Besides the Queen he dearly loved A fair and comely came. There is a great virtue in this besides. [Alhentcum.y 