Sydney Gazette THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1835. THE philosophical turn of mind eminently possessed by Colonel Hanson, who lately visited this Colony, has qualified him very peculiarly as a disinterested recorder of the particular capabilities for settlement, of the Colonies planted upon the coast. His opportunities of collect ing official and accurate information were perfect; and although he has not, as he no doubt might have, alluded positively to them, we are disposed to place very great reliance on his conclusions in regard to the policy of particular Governors - the situation present and prospective of the Swan and King George's Sound, with such portions of the intermediate coast as he had, in a voyage some two years ago, the opportunity to visit and explore. At that period, and even at this time, many Officers in the Indian Army had entertained the project of settling towards the southward, where a congenial and sultry sun renovated the debility occasioned by the service in which they had been engaged : rather than towards the north even to France or Britain, where the mere passing through the various latitudes and climates to reach the goal of their desires, necessarily placed the lives of tropical invalids in extreme peril. Colonel Hanson, whatever may be his ultimate determination with reference to his own settling on our shores, has drawn an elegant picture of society - and so lucidly laid out the evils and benefits peculiar to either Colony, that few persons will have any difficulty in resolving on a choice. It has been often laid down by us as an axiom, that no new country can advance with any rapidity or success, without the extensive use of forced labor. Our Colonies in America those tremendous provinces which extend over a world of space, and possess a population of the noblest beings which the hand of Provi- dence ever formed, or knowledge enlightened by its heavenly rays, were colonized by convicts. In South America, the aborigines were reduced to slavery by the arms of Hidalgo and Moorish invaders, who were too fond of the indulgence of repose and the glories of dominion, to cultivate the relations of domestic peace and relapse from scenes of aggression, turbulence, and bloodshed into tranquil citizens. Thus we have proved in these grand instances, that every new society is impotent, when dependent solely on the little power which a temporary and easily vanquished excitement produces-they arrive with sanguine hopes-the difficulties of culture vast forests of trees values and mountains of scrubs and weeds can never be removed by those whose spirits droop when the obstacles around them are only viewed. Convict labour is a desideratum too valuable to be neglected. It has its dangers truly, but these a wise ruler may easily avert for whatever may be now said of prisoners, when the Colony can easily spare them, they have alone brought this Country to its high state of culture and prosperity. The assignment to private service of prisoners is objected to by Colonel Hanson, because, as he says, "the minds of people become blunted by an association with vice," and on this account, which we consider a very lame one, easily dissipated by reference to these Colonies, he advises the reception of a limited number at Swan River, "and that their labour should be exclusively confined to the execution of public works." But the work itself is not large and as we believe it has not been used by any contemporary, we shall copy it in toto, with the view of showing how greatly the sentiments of an intelligent eye-witness disagree with the dim and erroneous statements of persons who have wanted courage to become settlers, and look with horror on the labours and dangers which they seem happily to have escaped. " The climate of Swan River in the; winter season, is as favorable to health as, can well he imagined I am told however that the heat of summer is nearly equal to the heat of India, and though less de-, bilitating to the constitution, it is free quietly very oppressive. The great drawback to this settlement in the present [intricate navigation into the harbour.! Reefs of rocks extend seaward from Rocky finest Island, Pulo Carnac, &c.; dry, and although there is a safe channel into Cockburn's Sound, yet the passage requires a pilot, and in the event of a, westerly gale, the ship would be obliged to beat off a dead lee shore. For the six summer months, however, from October until April, there is no di Hit: nity of access whatever. Land and sea breezes prevail regularly during this season, and Gages Roads though open to north-west winds, affords a safe and secure anchorage the town of Freemantle is yet in its infancy. The site is chosen on the South bank of the Swan River, which here dis- embodies itself into the sea. There is a troublesome bar at its entrance requiring skill and attention to cross, but there is a thoroughly sheltered bay in its immediate I vicinity, where all passengers should land in the first instance, and take a favorable opportunity for sending their loaded boats into the river. The first impression of a stranger is certainly unfavorable-he sees nothing but an apparently poor soil, upon which the town of Freemantle is building, and until be is shewn the actual produce of " Mother Earth," it will be difficult for him to imagine that it is capable of giving any sort of vegetation. When he does see however, that this apparent sand produces the finest vegetables in the world, he cannot permit himself to remain any longer in doubt. There was an excellent little inn established when I was there, the " Stirling Arms," at which the comforts were fair and the charges moderate. Several good stone and brick houses were in progress, the property of respectable settlers, and indeed all classes seemed to be governed by the same praiseworthy spirit of industry and good feeling towards each other. The distance by water from Freemantle to Perth, I should calculate to be about twelve miles, but the land road is much shorter, and upon it half way, there is an inn, at which the traveller can obtain refreshment. [ " The town of Perth is at present the capital of the Colony, and the site of it I is well chosen it is situated on the north bank of the Swan River, having a picturesque little mountain at its western extremity, named Mount Eliza, upon which at some future period, it is proposed to build a Government House. I may say that the society of the place is hospitably personified; for though their means are somewhat limited, yet they share them with the kindest," Road will." Stone and brick houses are here also in rapid progression of the latter, the property of Captain Irvine, the Commitment, was nearly finished when it came away, and a most excellent house I am certain it will prove too. 6 lock of all kinds ¡ thrive and multiply at a prodigious ratio. Poultry is becoming very abundant, and pigs were running wild in the jungle. Goats would appear to like the climate vastly, for they are so exceedingly prolific, that they seldom produce less than three at a birth. The materials for building are excellent. Capital bricks are made at Perth, and the same stone is of the first quality. There is also a quarry of free stone at Mount Eliza, from which an industrious settler, Mr. Parkes, had nearly completed an excellent cottage on the south-east face of the hill, where he was roaring vines with every prospect of success. The Canning River joins the Swan immediately below Perth, and I regret much that I did not visit the loca- tions there. Ata short distance above the town, there are shoals in the river called " the Flats," over which a loaded boat would have difficulty to pass except at high water. I crossed my gig however, at all periods of the tide, the crew merely showing her over the sand for a distance of about one hundred yards. From the vicinity of the Flats a canal has been constructed by the Civil Architect, Mr. lively, and if it succeeds, it will be a work of vast importance, as it cuts off I believe, nearly three miles of water carriage, by the regular course of the river. " I write from memory, but I think the first thriving farm on the North bank, about Perth is called the " Yorkshire farm," from a number of agriculturists, natives of that county in England having congregated there, though I believe each man's property is separate and distinct. Here the soil may be said to assume quite a new character. The sand so much complained of by a parcel of prejudiced visitors, is but partially seen, and there were certainly as fine crops of wheat and other grain in the ground when I was there, as could he found in any part of the world proceeding up the river you arrive at Captain Byrue'e, Mr. Brown's, Captain Currie's of the Navy, Mr. Drummond's and various other properties below Guildford. " I regret to say that the names of the numerous proprietors have escaped my memory, but this I can say with perfect confidence, that they are all of them happy and flourishing, notwithstanding the squibs you have heard in India respecting their destitute condition, We. &c.; Currie's place does him the greatest credit-his garden is full of the very finest vegetables, and he has built a most comfortable little brick house, where I was much indebted both to Mrs. Currie and himself, for comfort kindness and hospitality, during my various voyages up and down the River. The township of Guildford on the South bank, is fast assuming a very respectable appearance. The Governor has built a Cottage Orne in it's immediate vicinity, and it is difficult to imagine a more beautiful situation. " The House is considerably elevated above the general level of the country, The site is chosen at a turn of the river, commanding a view along two extensive (reaches, and the land in front of it being all meadow land, very beautifully studded with ft rest trees, you may without much effort of imagination, conceive yourself placed in the midst of a gentleman's park at home. The breed of ho. ned Cattle introduced into the Colony is I am told very value able. I confess myself to be ignorant upon this subject; but the sixty head I saw at the Governor's Farm appeared to the splendid animals. The Horses imported are also of the finest blood. Mr. Henty has one, an entire Horse, which [he values, and I am told with good reason at £1500. In fact I may say that every branch of the breeding department J is thriving wonderfully. I do not like to enter into particulars, lest my lady ; friends should be shocked. A splendid I farm adjoins the Governor's Estate, the property of Sir James Home, and the and as I proceeded up the River was as fine as any land in the world. I not only speak from my own observation, but I speak from the testimony of a first rate gentleman farmer, Mr. Brockman, whose produce this year will fully justify the praise I am bestowing upon it. His fields of wheat, and indeed grain of every description, were as rich and productive as in any part of the world; and both the mutton and beef from his estate were equal in my opinion to well fed meat in England. Captain Irwin. possesses a location still higher on the Swan, which for variety and beauty of prospect, surpasses every thing I saw below it; but Mr. Brown the Colonial Secretary (who is the most distant settler) from being nearer the Mountains, will I think by and bye have more capability at his command, particularly if he could conjure out his namesake "Capability Brown," to assist] him in beautifying his property. " I made an excursion to the upper Swan, as it is called, with my friend Mr. Sholl, and I had great pleasure in visiting every family on each side of the River, by whom I was received with the most kind and unbounded hospitality. Never shall I forget Mrs. Brockman's most delicious breakfast, so worthy of an English farm, and so peculiarly accept- able after a nights noisy bivouac, amongst a set of most excellent buttery jovial fel- lows.! was also fortunate enough to meeting Mrs. Tanner, the sister of two of my Indian friends, and I had the pleasure of rejoicing her by very late and satisfactory accounts, of both her brothers at a Madras. « We pursued our journey about six miles beyond the most distant farther of Mr. Brown already stationed, until [we reached the foot of the Darling's range of mountains, having passed over three or four miles of extensive meadow land, covered with the richest grass, and with scarcely a single tree to interrupt the prospect. " The pasture upon Mr. Brown's property is so exceedingly rich, that I am told his flocks were many of them getting blind from sheer fatness, and I beg it to be understood, that in stating this fact, I am stating nothing very marvellous, as such is the common result of over feeding, and I can safely -declare that in my life, I never tasted liner mutton than was produced from his grass. " The natives of the country offer the only interruption to the settler's perfect comfort, and they certainly have, in many instances proved themselves exceedingly treacherous. Before however they are wholly condemned, for what may appear to us a vindictive and revengeful character, it should be stated that the better part of society are ignorant what provocation those poor wretches receive. The lower orders on the Swan hold the life of a native at no value, and there was one young man, the son of a gentleman, who shocked me by saying that he had been out all the morning, and had had but one shot at a black ! I-Governor Stirling is exerting every power he possesses to correct this evil; but the Governor cannot be every where, and when these poor devils find that they are shot like wild beasts, it is natural to suppose that human beings in so savage a state will seek for some means of gratifying their revenge. Their ideas upon this subject are very peculiar-they attach criminality generally to the place where the injury has been received, and not to the individual who has inflicted it. This renders the atonement more distressing, for they watch near the spot like a cat for its prey, and the first person who may appear is quite certain of being assaulted-they throw one or two spears, and whether they kill, wound, or even runs their object, I am told they consider the atonement sufficient, as I hear it has been satisfactorily proved that they seldom attempt any further violence " Their idea of personal property must be also founded on very savage no- tions. They naturally consider us to be foreign intruders, and when they see their kangaroos, upon which they chiefly depend for food, destroyed by our people, it will be difficult to imagine that the crime of helping themselves to a little of our kangaroo (mutton) can be considered by them a very heinous offence. They would certainly appear to have some re- deeming qualities, in situations where they have not been treated with unkind ness. They are sad thieves though, and cannot be trusted within arms length of food. Their tribes, however, have been frequently met by our gentlemen singly in the jungle, and upon these occasions they have been invariably civil and good natured. Two of the most eminent explorers in the country had but recently returned from a very interesting excursion into the interior, to trace the course of a river beyond the Darling range of mountains, and these gentlemen, Mr. Moore and Ensign Dale informed me, that they were twice in the power of considerable tribes, and that once they even slept together on the same spot, without the slightest appearance of hostility having been evinced. On the contrary, they were extremely kind and good natured, and after having been together for twenty four hours, they parted the very best of friends. * It is difficult to imagine any race of' savages more degraded in the scale of humanity than the wretched aborigines of Australia they are hardly one remove from the brute creation, and appear to be ! totally destitute of any sort of fixed habi- ' tation. They live in tribes, and wander about the jungles in search of food, the supply of which it may be easily imagined, is both scanty and precarious. The only skill they display is in throwing their spears, and this they certainly do with surprising precision, hitting a very small object at the distance of eighty or a hundred yards; with this weapon they spear fish and kangaroo, but snakes, li sands, and indeed every sort of reptile, is relished by them as excellent food, and when they fail to obtain this disgust- ing species of nourishment, they subsist on a sort of bulbous root, which is abundant in the forests, and which they had a i tolerable substitute for keeping life and soul together. They are perfectly naked, and exhibit the most emaciated and skele- ton-like appearance. Their speed and agility are very surprising-they mount like monkeys to the tops of the highest trees, with no other assistance than that which they derive from small notches, cut as they ascend, with a rude stone hatchet, barely deep enough to admit the points of their toes. The difficulty of either learning their language, or of teaching them ours, is very considerable, and this difficulty arises out of a cause that is nearly ludicrous. Their powers of imitation are very extraordinary, and whatever question you address to them, they immediately repeat.' If you say to them' what's the name of this?' They instantly reply, ' What's a name a is.' If you repeat your inquiry, and hold up the article for inspection, they continue to echo every word you say, until you are a literally driven out of all patience. They appear to have no system of religion whatever, though they are certainly very superstitious, and betray great reluctance ! to separate from their tribe during the night time. As well as I could understand from the natives of King George's Sound, they think they are haunted by the ghosts of the dead. Mr. Dale discovered something like a religious symbol during one of his excursions into the interior, but this was the only instance of the kind that came to my knowledge during my stay in Australia. He described an extremely rude figure of the sun, which was cut in the rocky part of a cave. I think somewhere near the town of York. Like all savages they are much addicted to theft, and appear to have no sense of gratitude for any favours that may be conferred upon them. Captain Irwin, who commands the detachment, endeavoured all in his power to attach them to his soldiers; from a sense of [obligation, he fed them liberally from his stores, and treated them with all possible kindness, but the nature of the animal defeated all his exertions, and they were at length dismissed after repeated robberies. Though apparently deficient in general intellect, they are certainly blessed with all manner of cunning; they have become thoroughly acquainted with the nature of our fire arms, and fully understand that the piece must be re- loaded before it can do them a second injury ; when they deliver their spear, they endeavour to distract your attention from themselves generally by calling out ' kangaroo,' and then it is melancholy to say, how frequently they succeed in staying their victims. The men who are most exposed to injury arcshepherdsattending their flocks, as they are necessarily alone, and since the savages have tasted our mutton, they are on the constant look out for stray sheep. On the first formation of the Colony, they were much alarmed at our dogs ; but though they still hold them in great respect, they are not so terrified at them as formerly; if a shepherd were to wear a sort of defensive armour, such as a plate of tin, fashioned to the shape of his body, I am quite sure their spears would not penetrate the metal, nigh if once they found this shield was impervious, they would become less daring in their attacks upon property. " Providence appears to have decreed, that they shall gradually exterminate each other, for they invariably destroy some individual of a neighbouring tribe, when over a member of their own has paid the debt of nature; this practice will of! course double their bills of mortality, They bury their dead, I understand, in a sort of sitting posture, and I am told they hold the graves of their friends in the greatest veneration, " The Town of York was established whilst I was at Perth-a Township upon the banks of a River, beyond the Darling Range, (which by the way I have just mentioned as the scene of Mr. Moore and Mr. Dale's excursions could give you a sketch of it's position relatively with the low country, but it would be un- becoming in me to trench in the slightest degree upon the province of Mr. Roe, the Surveyor General. He is well known to the public as the very able assistant of Captain King," the Australian Mari- time Surveyor, and he will, I trust, shortly, give the world a general map of this very interesting Colony. This said Town of York was thriving fast when I came away the communication had been thoroughly established, and a very interesting Lady, Mrs. Byrne, was on the point of starting with her husband and young child, to share the fortunes of the first settlers. A road was also projected between the Swan River and King George's Sound, the latter place having been abandoned, long since, as a penal settlement, attached to the Government of Western Australia." On the preceding extract we have very few remarks to offer ; but we cannot omit to solicit attention to the treatment of the aborigines. Can it be surprising that where such a disposition to violence is manifested by the settler, that his habitation should frequently fall a prey to flames-his flocks to destruction and his person to massacre. The late murders of the Swanites is nothing more than a system of natural and just retaliation for the bloody atrocity of the white and merciless invader. Until these savage press I penal tics are checked and the laws afford j inviolable protection-innocence may fall! by the savage spear, while the guilt which imbued thcstcb'ciuhnbitantof the wib's with resolution to revenge the injuries of his tribe- and sacrifice the blood of the white man to the manes of his murdered friend or brother, escapes the punishment due to his moral delinquency. So it seems that the enemies of General Darling have at length gained a temporary triumph in the House of Commons, by carrying a motion for an enquiry into several acts of his government. The motion was brought forward on the 29th of July, by Mr. Maurice O'Connell, and was carried on a division by a majority [of EIGHT-the numbers being, contents Island non-contents 40. The principal speakers were Messrs. Maurice and Daniel O'Connell, Hume. Richards, and Lord Dudley Stuart, in support of the motion and Sir George Grey, Mr. Fergusson, Sir Henry Hardinge, and Mr. Horace Twiss against it. The announcement of the decision was received with loud cheering. We also are disposed to applaud the decision, though not perhaps upon the same grounds. In our opinion there never was an Officer of our late Governor's rank and standing, more grossly slandered, than General Darling has been. It is quite apparent from the speeches made by the O'Connell party, that the grossest misrepresentation has been palmed upon them. The Commissioners who will doubtless arrive here with power to prosecute a strict enquiry into all the measures of General Darling's government, in pursuance of this decision, will remedy all these evils; and we feel satisfied the consequence will be 1 -that the reputation of the General will be left without the shadow of a stigma, while those of his traducers will be to vered with indelible shame. The case of " Sudds and Thompson has most properly been designated " a political jug I give" - our only astonishment is, that the juggling of it is not more generally known. The case of Captain Robison is equally fruit. The Captain was the mere tool in the hands of a party, who had ever waged open hostility to the Governor's measures. He was offered up as a sacrifice to their discontent and their ambition and when those by whom he was thrust forward, saw him bound upon the altar, they did just what we should have expected of such men-they left him to his fate. We consider it to have been the late ill-judged criminal prosecution only of General Darling against Captain Robison, that has produced the enquiry into the Governor's administration, The Commissioners will have an arduous duty to perform, and we opine that the result of their labours will present the Commons House of Pure liament with no very exalted opinion of some of the higher branches of society here. There will no doubt be plenty of good round swearing on both sides, and it is not unlikely that the evidence will be as conflicting as is occasionally uxhi hitod in our Courts of Justice. We say nothing of the alleged wrongs of Mr. Edward Smith Hall, as we are quite sure their MERITS are duly appreciated by every one by this time. By the bye, this sage old gentleman, has once more changed his political creed we suppose with a view of preparing himself for the forthcoming exigency on the arrival of the Commissioners, or whatever else they may be. Mr. Hall now " considers the F nun and FREhD as one class, possessing equal rights," Pray, we would ask, who invented the term FREED ? We will answer for him-The Editor of the Sydney Monitor, Really how this gentleman does | blow hot and cold with the same breath. A very few days since, and he proposed to purge the jury box of the FREED allogether.wlioin hctlenominalcd CHEATS, &c.; We suppose he must have alluded to those honest and moral men, who CAN but WILL NOT pay their just debts. Well, this is good. Again, " he proposed that no FREED person should be eligible to sit in the expected House of Assembly, or possess an elective franchise thereto, except he had been FREED for FIVE YEARS, and had held a temporary remission of sentence before the period of its expiration. Now he " considers the FREE and FREED ( as one class, possessing equal rights.' Heatly this same old gentleman must be going stark staring mad ; or he cannot remember in the present week, that which he has written in the former one. We should like to see how Mr. Hall's peculiar style of argument can be exercised towards making these TWO opinions agree. To our plain understanding they appear as irreconcilable as the poles are asunder. But the Commissioners will doubtless put all these incongruities in proper order, and we shall wait their arrival, with as much anxiety, as no doubt those more intimately concerned, will as equally experience. 