FELLOWS. To call a man a fellow is no great compliment; but there are certain epi- thets attached to the word, by which it is rendered more than tolerable, and be- comes acceptable and even complimentary; yet, perhaps, after all, when we consider by whom the terms are used, and to whom they are generally applied, the honor will not seem very great.. There are many fellows in this strange world of ours, and, poradventure, the most common of all is the Clever Fellow. Myriads and myri- ads are there of superficial, hustling im- pertinent coxcombs, who are as anxious to obtain the title of clever fellows, us a city alderman to obtain the honor of knighthood. I do not know whether I am right or not-perhaps not; hut it has always appeared to me that tho term clever fellow indicates the lowest grade of intellect, mixed with a portion of ef- frontery, and seasoned with a spice of vulgarity. The genuino idea of a clever fellow has an intermingling of cunning blended with it, and it is especially ap- plicable to small scriveners and rogues, lawyers, who are most intimate with the darker passages, and dirtier turnings alleys and doublings of the law. If man has a quick eye for a flaw, a ready knack at puzzling what is plain, of ob- scuring what is obvious, and that tor ihe purpose of injustice, he is called a clever fellow. Tho epithet appropriately belongs to low and vulgar minds, and it is by thom that is given ; yet even by them it is sel- dom seriously bestowed on the higher or- ders of mind-indeed, the higher orders of mind are above the comprehension of clever fellows. A thoroughly clever fel- low must not have much originality about bim, for if so, ho would be unintelligible to tho many ; he must have nothing of abstraction or deep thought, else he will appear a mere plodder, a dull mechani- cal genius. Your true clever fellow had better not think at all, for there is always la set of opinions ready made for clever I fellows. He must arrive at ali his know- ledge intuitively. His mind must possess that sort of swagger which marks the gait of a harlequin at Sadler's Wells; and his logic must be that which jumps to a con- clusion, and laughs at the slow-paced wisdom which would advance carefully, step by step. He must ho always ready to laugh at what he does not understand, fora contemptuous laugh is a sure sign of superiority,-or at least of a conscious- ness of it, which is the distinguishing leature of a clever fellow. It is a certain fact-an axiom as clear as any in Euclid -that whatever docs not come within the compass of a clever fellow's understand- ing, must be exquisitely ridiculous. And, as a clever fellow is nothing without su- periority, and as superiority is manifested by a contemptuous looking down on others, it becomes a duty which a clever fellow owes to himself, to preserve constantly on his features a ready-made sneer, which seems to call the rest of the world fools. I do not know that it is any real sign of wisdom for a man to think it impossible for any one differing from himself to pos- sess a grain of understanding, but this is u-ually the habit of clever fellows-they are the dandies of vulgar intellect-the exclusives of common-place pertness. To speak phrenologically, they have not the organ of veneration, or. ii it exist at all, it ia developed inward y, that íf, en- veloped, and all their veneration is tor themselves. They arenotof opinion that they possess all knowledge, but they are so perfectly satisfied with what they do possess, that they think all other know- ledge very little better than ignorance. Whatever a clever fellow does not know, ho thinks not worth knowing ; and he will take cire to let you understand, that the knowledge which he possesses not, is not out of his reach, but without the compass of his desires. The fox that de- clared the grapes sour, was a clever fel- low, and his mortification at not being able to reach them was not, I dare sty, so great as his satisfaction at the ingeni- ous thought of pronouncing them not worth having. A clever fellow is clever all over-mind and body too; indeed, his mind and body are one-for your true clever fellow is not a believer iu mind in- dependent of inatter, (which, by the way, ia rather strange, seeing that his own mind is no great matter,) hut let that pass -he is clever in body as well as in mind. He has a pretty and pert dexterity, fitting him well to play the part of Merry Andrew or Jack Pudding to a travelling conjuror-indeed, I do not know any si- tuation more peculiarly fitted, to shew forth the talents of a clever fellow thpn this; and I should think it the climax of compliment to pay to a clever fellow, to say that he is a complete Jack Pud- ding-just as it would be a compliment to a mathematician to say that he is a complete Sir Isaac Newton, A Jack Pudding, you will observe, must needs have great activity of body and dexterity of hand ; he must have a quick eye and a ready wit, moreover, he requires, for the due performance of his important fonc- tions, a most especial share of conceit and impudence-he must be ready to make a joke of anything and everything, of no- thing-in a word, h« must be a clever fellow. There is another sort of fellow called a Good Fellow. 'I his word "good," is a great, large, big, bouncing adjective, but marvellously elastic wilhal, and fitting it- self to many substantives of various, and even of opposite qualities. Grammarians, who are the only people in the world that know nothing of grammar, say that the use of words is to express our ideas; whereas, all the world knows, that the real use of words is, to conceal our ideas, like the manner, theso silly grammarians say that the adjective is u'«cd to express or to shew the quality of the substantive ; whereas, in truth, the substantive is used lo «hew the quality of the adjective-for what, in the name of common sense, is the meaning of the word good, as it stands by itself? but clap a substantive toit, and you have a solution at once :- thus, for instance, in the case of good fellow, the word fellow, shews you the meaning of the word good. There is a great dif- ference between a good fellow and a clever fellow : a clever fellow is far front being a good fellow, he is rather a good for- nothing fellow. A clever fellow has all his eyes about him, but a good fellow never has his eyes above three quarters open. He takes the world a« (io linds it, and thinks it on the whole a pretty sort of thing, and never medí lutes pulling it to pieces to make it go better, us babies do willi watches. A clever fellow will bo sure to contradict you, whatever you say ; a good fellow will be sure to agree with you, whatever you say. A good fellow is a kind of tame hoar, clumsy but tractable ; you may lead him anywhere, and persuade him to any thing. Ho will tell you good stories if you like to listen to him, and if you do not he will listeu to your bad ones. Ho will laugh at your jokes and pity your griefs. Ho will eat at any table and drink at any tavern. Ho will chirp over his glass, and praise the nastiest wine that was ever bottled. Ile will never be the first to break up a party, but will sit beyond midnight, kindly ob- livious of his wife and children. A good fellow is quite in his glory, and at the very perfection of his goodness, when he is half drunk or half asleep. Ifyouhavo wit, you may make him your butt; and! if you have not, you may play off your! stupidity upon bim, and he will take it for wit. Ho must care for nobody, but be at everybody's service^ Ile bears no resentments, and is obliging to all the world except his own family, of whoso cxistenco he seems hardly aware. His tu i tid, line his body, seems to have ac- quired a habit ol silling quietly down, and confining it*-eil' to a place, lie is man who looks as though he had forgot- ten yesterday, and had no thought for to- morrow. Ho is a complete nose of wax, to be twisted or squeezed into any shape. He has no mental or moral character- istics whatever- ho is not a good man or a bad man, but ho is a good fellow ; he has neither wit nor wisdom, but he is a good fellow : he has done nothing lhat any one can recolhct-ho has filled no heart with gratitude nor no tongue willi his praises, but ho is a ' good fellow. If he tall into trouble (which he is pretty sure to do, for he takes no pains to keep out of it), his friends pity him, it is true ; but they have a very queer way of pity- ing him-they laugh at him with tears in their eyes. They will not give him six I pence, but tht-y will say he was a good fellow. Now, hereby we are brought to the acquaintanceship of another species of fellow-to wit, tho Poor fellow-another, and yet not another. A worn out good fellow, makes a poor fellow, and so does a done up clever fellow. A poor fellow is a kind of a waste butt for superfluous pity, and the dregs of sympathy-com- passion is not kindly administered, but carcles-dy thrown at bim. His name is mentioned at tables where once he sat jaily and gloriously ; and there starts up at the sound of it a vision of a threadbare coat of doubtful colour, of a napless hat with a crown that flaps up and down in the wind, and with a flabby brim that will never flap up again -a vision of leaky shoes, of gi easy trowsers, of lan- tern jaws, and long grey hair; and the guests say " Poor fellow"-then they drink their wine to drown the thought of bim-thus laying the ghost in a red sea. A poor fellow is like a drone in autumn-there is something passing me- lancholy in the slowness of its gait, and and there is in its form and aspect that which tells of a by-gone summer- of an evanescent brightness-a temporary flut- ter and gaiety; but cold winds are come, and heavy clouds hang over their damp drapery in a gloomy sky, and the poor shivering drone is creeping to as warm a death as it can find. The pity with which men look upon a poor fellow is as different from the compassion with which they regard a poor man, as the praise which they bestow on a good fellow differs from the respect with which they troat a good man. There is some- thing painful in the familiarity of pity, and the pcrtness ot a half humorous, sympathy. Even the truly generous feel some repngnance in administering to a poor fellow which they do not feel in re- lieving a poor man. A poor fellow re- minds you of gay days ; and there is a thought, not to be surmounted, that some moral obliquities, have assisted to form the downward slope into the valley of adversity; while the poor fellow himself feels more deeply than all the contrast of the present with the past-he knows that the past will never be present again, therefore he wishes the present to be past as soon as possible.-Poor lellow!-Drop the curtain-drop the curtain.-Athe' naum. Ireland Three Thousand Yeaus Ago. -When Greece and Rome were lowly and obscure nnd immersed in the darkness of circumambient benightment, our high car reering name, synonymous with civilization, was wafted by the lour winds of heaven to all the quarters of the world which that heaven irradiates. The commerce of the whole East pressed tumultuously to our ?shores ; the courts of the polished cniverse (not including Greece or Rome amongst the number) sent us embassies of congratula- tion ; while the indomitable ardour and pub \ lie spirited zeal of the " islanders" them- selves launched them abrond ovt-r the bosom af the wide watery circumference ; explor 1 ing in every region the gradations of civil 1 illuminions, as well as themaster productions ' of Nature herself; civilizing life with the results of their discoveries, and garnishing I their houses, like so many museum', with i the fruits of their research, for the benefit ai t once and entertainment of their less favoured ! though not less ambitious brethreu at home. -O'Bkibn's Round Towers. , A Saitoh's Idïa o» the " Marten of Mind." . I can tell ye, it means no more nor this i Prate!-prate!-prate!-gah!-gnb!-gah! i -pretendin' to know and do every thing better than the best o' your betters-to talk io lay down the law- to deal in lip-like i . long-winded words 'thout knovvin' a word o', . their meaning'«-:o pour over newspapers, as j faro't'ner mean more mischief nor type can , tell-to prate in a pot house-to talk large] and larn'd over your piper and lickor-to growl like a landsman, an' rig like a libber -to shame a small smatt'rin of every trade and lo never know no hin' o' your own. An' d-n it, to clinch the whola-to end your days, and die like a dog in a ditsh, for jdarin' to dabb out o' your depth,-Naval \Sk«ich Book, J The foil»««»«; MlttU 0f iM,ëof tli« property of an «miuent .. collector ofm riositm,' prove« that a lamentable Till h*8 taken place m the value of " Roqal Remnants." The bed, which wa. fbe ' property of her late Majesty Queen Caroline, and on which she died-« most humble and unpretending piece of furni- ture, described m the catalogue as a sofa bedstead, with commou chintz, went tor 11 guinea*. The old state bedtlead. covered with crimson Genoa velvet cur- tains and draperies en suite, 2hl.'- tha down and goose feather bed belonging te» the above, sold for twelve guineas. Tho first pair of elegant state chairs, hand- somely carved »ntl gilt, coveted with crimson velvet, 5). 5s,; the second pair, 61'. 10s. ; and the third pair six guinea*! The lounge chair, on castors, with tam- bour work, black velvet covers, trimmed' with silver, formerly the property of George II., given to his Majesty George III., and presented by him lo Queeïl Caroline, when Princess of Wales, It guineas. A curiously inlaid ivory-box, j formerly the property of Queen Caro- line, two guineas, the Chinese lamp in the great saloon wa» knocked dow» at 1UI. " I recollect;" snvs Mr*. C. Smith, '< a domestic negio going to England with Ina' 7 master, on being asked his opinion of \xt replied that ' England very fine country to be ture, but n thing lo be bad there wi'boiit money ; people- tlieic vory mean, they'd «eil anything-they sell sand, massa. Would you believe it, massa, they sell the very black soot out ol the chimney !' " 