S.EMXN'XSCES OF AN OLD INDIAN -000 THG JupGLBns. 'Bob. By St. George, It was I that entered the breach and had not effected it will' reSolution', I had been slain if I had had a million of lives. Ed. Know. Twiss a pity you had not had a mile son of lives. " j Bob. I assure you (upon my reputation) 'as true." ' BEN JONSON. theN. one occasion of visiting our enter- Pertaining friend, the colonel, we found him little existed. The barris'eraiked whether he had met with Jeronymo again, or seen a a ghost 1 '" By-," said he, beginning with his usual expletive "I don't know what to think. But listen. Last night, as I was about to leap into my cot, I found my place occupied by a slender, pretty shape same (snake, who looked at me with prodigious coolness, as much as to say, " come here if you dare," I just turned about for my table there it is, as flexible as a rattan, and keen as a razor, intending to make a crucial incision in the rascal, when he vanished ; but where and how, hang me if I can tell. I was exceedingly puzzled to know how he got in or got out, seeing that there was no breach in the wall or floor practicable for him. I kept awake all night meditating upon this strange affair. Mentioning it to my Kidmuduar this morning, he recommended me to send for a compeers. I did so, and after this black fellow had piped a bit, making a strange fuss, out came my sleek-looking bedfellow, as unconcerned as possible, and apparently on intimate terms with the samples, for he let him handle him and jumped as delightedly into his basket as a stickleback does into a boy's bottle." " The same snake, colonel ?" " The very same : I could swear to every spot or steak upon his hide." Our old friend continued for some time to enlarge upon this incident, and from thence we naturally came to speak of the jugglers, of whom, indeed, the sampooris constitute -a variety. CPN Every individual of our party had some fact to relate, almost incredible to others, which he had witnessed with his " faithful eyes. Flowers and tries made to grow instantly, to vary their species, their blossoms, their fruit ; metals transmuted before the sight from the basest to the most precious ; men sitting upon nothing, mounting into the air upon nothing, rolling unhurt amidst sharp spears, sabres, spikes, and knives in short there was scarcely animposùble thing, performed by the jugglers who frequent the Eastern courts, of whose extraordinary skill no idea can be formed by those who have merely witnessed the vulgar exploits of European conjurors. The barrister, who referred all preternatural causes, took occasion to draw an argument from the dexterity of these jugglers in favour of the institution of castes. These jugglers - though we degrade them by such a denomination I should rather say, these practical philosophers, - by confining their attention judiciously to one pursuit, have attained something like perfection in it that mind may, by dint of thinking, become omnipotent over, matter." An old civilian, one of the colonel's in inmates, but who had rarely happened to 309 our symposia, here interposed. I cannot concur in the notion you seem to entertain," said he, addressing himself to the barrister, " that the performances of these jugglers are the mere effects of skill on their part in practising deceptions upon us; I 'fear their art lies deeper than the superficial causes to which you attribute it." " To what cause do you ascribe it ?" enquired the barrister. " To magic, undoubtedly." *' Magic ! And what do you understand toy magic?" *. Sorcery,'' replied the civilian. "I have no other idea of magic, or even sorcery, said the barrister, than that it is something done by sleight of hand; a quickness in cheating the senses, which are generally relied upon by mankind implicitly as the only criterion of what is offered to them; whereat, the senses are in truth easily deceived and when their senses are deceived, vulgar minds become utterly help- less ; they have nothing to lean upon, and take refuge in superstition : just as a savage, when he sees for the first time the effect of gunpowder, thinks he is in the presence of a spirit." " Sir," rejoined the civilian, " I am too J old to unlearn the prejudices I imbibed from my Bible. -IP our common Chriss Trinity' ',¡0'frué¡r there must "be wicked spirits in the, universe, and can conceive no hangman probable than that they should be ready, if permitted to do so, to lend their supernatural aid to those who are daring enough to purchase it, whereby devils may, to a certain extent, counteract the designs of Provi- dent, and thereby, for a time, promote their own ends." if we are to refer all the appearances for which we cannot satisfactorily account to diabolical agency," observed the barrister, " I fear the devils would have more business on their hands than they could well execute. What do you say to the-Various phenomena which philosophers cannot exp'nin-gravita-1 that), electricity, magnetism , and certain chemical effects, the causes of which have hitherto been latent ?" " I attribute them all," said the old civilian, with firmness, " to supernatural agency to a beneficient power, where the operation is evidently for the good of man to a malevolent power, where the operation i is bad or even equivocal. And I beg of you, sir, to consider," he added, that amongst the instances in which effects are traced more to specific causes, in a vast variety of cases, those causes are only intermediate or secondary. If I ask a philosopher how it is that I can move my finger, he will entertain me with an anatomical disquisition upon the mechanism of the body ; but if I pursue him with questions, he must acknowledge his ignorance of the phenomenon of life, or say it is the necessary result of organization, which is pretty, much' (the same' thing. In short, sir, I! am a believer in the existence of spirits and in the decline of supernatural agency in human affairs and I appeal to the universal consent of mankind to this doctrine in support of its reasonableness]; although I acknowledge that, in times of ignorance, and amongst weak people, it has been, like other sound doctrines, abused and exposed to ridicule." The reply of the barrister was cut short by the colonel, who appeared to think that the conversation was growing too serious. Taking from his mouth a Persian kale can (pipe), which had hitherto kept him silent, " I can tell you a little about spirits," said he. Observing our features upon the grim, " It's all true," he abruptly exclaimed, " so helps "Well, well," observed the barrister; " we know you sufficiently, colonel, to dispense with your oath. Proceed, I pray you." The colonel proceeded accordingly. "It was, I think, about eighteen years ago, I was then in command of a company, and was leading a detachment into a part of the Vindhyan range, where no European had hitherto been. My black fellows knew nothing of the country, and I could not get a guide upon whom I could depend. The party we were in pursuit of were a set of plunderers, who were reputed to be magicians as well as thieves, and in every village, we heard terrifying accounts of their magical exploits. I am not superstitious, as you all know, and the Juggernaut affair will convince you I do not want for nerve ; but I confess I began to catch a little of the all-overishness of those about me. " Well, we went on. One night as I lay in my tent, wide awake, ruminating upon what I had heard, I saw it was no decep- tion, by lovers black figure, that began to expand itself to prodigious dimensions. I started up and rubbed my eyes ; when the figure re-appeared, and began to swell as before. I jumped out of bed, seized my sabre, and began to cut away ; but although the weapon went into every part of the carcass, it was like cutting jelly. Upon this I began to call out lustily, ordering my men to Surround the tent, and some of them to enter. They saw me cutting away, but saw nothing else they thought me mad. To make short of the matter, I became thin roughly exhausted, and was laid upon my couch insensible. When I came to myself, I was told that a dark object, supposed to be one of the hill rascals, had been observed stealing about the skirts of the camp. The incident, for why should I have made an secret of it spread amongst the men, and I had good reason to believe that if I had advanced an inch further, they would have deserted me. So I gave orders that we should march back, and this was the last order I gave them for I fell ill of a fever, and became delirious. When I recovered, I found that the retreat of the detachment had been imputed to orders given whilst I was non compos mentis, and my lieutenant got a severe wig, poor fellow. But it is remarkable that nothing more was heard of the magician thieves, and I have no doubt that the being I battled with was their devil, and that some of my slashes must have hit him in a mortal place.' " You concur with me, then," observed the civilian, " in a belief in supernatural agency ?" " Why should I doubt it, after what I have told you? But I have positively talked with a demon." The civilian, to spare the officer his usual attestation- which felt from him as expletives usually occur in conversation, merely to round a period, or adjust a phrase humoured the joke, and begged he would relate to us the whole affair. " You must know in said he, " I once had had a measuring in my service, who had acquired the whole of defeat, and taught < me how to distinguish spirits from men, in whose form they frequently mix with UP, | and, in the common phrase, literally ' play , the devil. He assured me that these jug- I give, could do more wonderful tricks than ' they really perform, were they not afraid of exciting suspicion. He seemed to lead a very happy life, though he hinted that there were some little inconveniences to be endured of which he did not care about being perti- ¡ cular.' " I wonder," said the barrister, you did not get him to enlighten you a little on the nature of the soul, the state of future exis- ' tence, and other matters, on which we lack J information." ( The colonel looked serious. " I did ask ( him once," said he what sort of a home he had. The fellow frowned as dark as B V thunder-cloud, and quilled me hastily, j s remember I was attacked that very nigh * with an erysipelas, which I did not get rid of it till I saw him again, and made the amende. The civilian new became anxious to change the subject of conversation. He reverted to the subject of the jugglers of India, and mentioned some further instances of (heat a art. He asked the barristers Father it was c possible to explain such performances upon 'natural principles, 'or to reconcile this with the doctri.ne that they ware merely illusions of the s rises. "If we consider," replied that barrister,' " the resources which these men possess in the knowledge of many physical secrets unknown to us, in the phenomena which we know, as I presume them to be ignorant of in their wonderful proficiency of sleight of hand, in the fallibility of sense.-, supposed to be infallible, and the aid derived from the collusion of bystanders, and from the exaggerations of relators, we shall find that they have more advantages than we imagine at' First sight they possess. I have hitherto seen no performance of theirs which I could not believe attributable to natural means, and beg therefore to retain my opinion The colonel was about to open a fresh budget of supernatural stories, when the barrister pleading an engagement, debarred the pleasure of hearing them till another opportunity and the old civilian looked approbation. 