Extracts from the Tragedy of Donohoe, (WRITTEN BY AN AUSTRALIAN.) (Concluded from our last number.) ACT V. SCENE IV—A rocky place near the cave. Enter DREADNOUGHT, BOMEBARD, and Constables Dread. Three of ye go an' secure the pass to the right, and maintain your posts while ye've a button on your coats.—[exit constables.]—That way stop'd, and they must meet us ; faith they seem to be shaping their steps directly on us—We'll meet 'em at least half- way, if they're for a voluntary fight. Lead on BOMEBARD ! Bome. I have it. [aside—he feigns to slip, and roars out. All. What's the matter? Bome. O most egregious witch preposterous, And sister o' the whore of Babylon—blind fortune's Cruel ! to doom that I by faulty step Should sprain my ancle at a time like this So pregnant with bright fame. Dread. 'Tisnt so bad as to enforce you to stay behind is't ? Bome. A most malicious and bloody-minded hour Is this—in which I must be left i' the rear Of thundering band o' war—by reason of sprain'd ancle. Dread. Now are ye satisfied that a bladder of wind and BOMEBARD make a pair ? But on. [Exeunt all but BOMEBARD. Bome. Lead the assault I—I'd see 'em double- d——d first. Let foolish DREADNOUGHT run on violent death— Nature alone shall stop wise NEDDY'S breath. I'll home to Windsor straight, an' tell TUNBUTT They didn't use me well, and so I cut ; There still, with oaths the 'prentices I'll fright, And bark the loudest ; where I dare not bite ! [Exit the other way. SCENE V—A rocky defile near the cave. Enter DONOHOE and his followers in the front, as DREADNOUGHT and constables appear in the defile at the back. Don. Come on ye lice o' the law ; 'Pounders of cackling geese and widows' pigs ; Ye'll find ye war not now with unpoll'd dogs ; Come, 'till we put a climax on the difference 'Tween forest- fare and callousing your elbows Lounging on watch-house benches— Dread. We've no ambition to out-scold ye boys ; The head and tail of our oration, is— Surrender! Don. Ask the unspansel'd steed, That never lick'd the curb, to come to thy hand, And he shall neigh with scorn. So when ye ask Of DONOHOE to yield, he laughs at ye. Yes, I will make a compact of surrender— And take ye this as earnest. [fires at them [a volley on both sides Dread. Keep your pistols chatting boys. Dun. Now, if the vengeance of my soul were potent As it is bitter—I'd belch a simoon on ye. [continued firing. Ha !—'tis finish'd—[staggering]—that was no jest- ing aim ; The icy shackles of the monster death Are rivetted upon me. Fly if ye will. Web. No he shall die with us fighting round him. Leave him—not till's dead. [supports DON. Don. Dead !—dead !—dead ; WILLIAM—MARY—CLEMENTS—ye're avenged ; For hell is closing on its wretched victim ; A death-cold hand is strangling me—gar— [he falls out of WEBBER'S hands. Dread. Let us wheel round those rocks And close upon them in the evener ground. [the constables retire in. [The robbers crowd in silent amazement round DONO- HOE, whilst he raves on the ground] Don. O hell is vomiting her fires upon me— Two burning drops have settled on my eye-balls ; Snatch them away. O for another glimpse Of the fair sun. Ha ! CLEMENTS—WILLIAM ! [rises on one knee. WEBBER—WALSMLEY—make them unhand me. Embrace not me ye ghastly grinning ghosts, Ye love me not—shake not the writhing worms Out of your dusty locks on me—out, out. Will ye ? How dare ye ? Hah ! hah ! hah ! Well may you triumph now. Guilty—Guilty ! I did not plead—Not Guilty—Mercy. [falls and dies [Shouts without—the robbers fly—the police rush in and form a picture, looking askance on the body, with their guns pointed after the robbers in an attitude of pursuit—the curtain descends slowly, to triumphant music. [Exeunt omnes. 