LAY SERMONS TO YOUNG WOMEN. The means of improvement in regard to your sex are chiefly reading and conversation. The first, gives you knowledge, and the latter teaches you how to use it and much circumspection is requisite in both cases. Now, I must confess that I am seldom pleased with the books which I see in the hands of young ladies whom I esteem and for whose well-being I am anxious. These circulating libraries are ruin for you, as from them you get so much that is nothing but froth and fume. I can never help being pleased when I see one of my own volumes in a young lady's hand whom I like, and yet I can- not say very much for them either; only thus much can I say, that these dreamy stories about ghosts and apparitions and persecutions are not half so apt to put upon the mind author of another crack which I shall describe. Ladies' novels, for- instance, with the exception only of those of two at present living, are all composed in false taste, and at the same time convey so little instruction that it would be better for you never to open them. What benefit can a young mind receive from contemplating scenes which, though interesting, have neither natural nor probability to recommend them? You may see, perhaps, virtue rewarded and vice punished ; but while those necessary acts of justice are painted, you see nothing of the reality of life, none of the characters with which you are acquainted, and it is far from being a safe amusement for young ladies to have their feelings and imagination wrought upon by the fictions of romance, even though the book should hold up nothing but the fairest sities of fair characters. The mind by these is apt to become too highly praised for the common incidents of life; and the readers of such works are apt To be wound up to such a pitch as to be precisely like those who never enjoy them selves save when they are under the in influence of intoxication. Another had thing in these books is, that they always bring virtue into trying and critical situations, so that you must have the de- liberation of vice along with the other, all its modes of attack, and the most in- sinuating infusion of its poison. Vice cannot be exhibited in too detestable colours when the intention of the author is to make resistance meritorious. Where there is no allurement, there is no temptation; and it too frequently happens that the worst character in the piece is the most engaging.' It is even uniformly so with the greatest and must accomplished novelist that ever was born and hence, in the mind of a young reader especially, all the distinctions between virtue and vice -are broken down. Think, then, what mischief may be wrought in the youthful female mind by such pernicious representations of character. If the agree-' able but wicked hero of the pieces re- formed, there is a dangerous desire excited to make proselytes ; and if he be published, the tears which should have been shed for his guilt fall for the misfortunes of the guilty. I recommend, therefore, to your attention, those works which give a real picture of such characters as have existed in the world, and do exist, both for your profit and amuse- ment; for whenever your author loses sight of nature and probability, you lose all hold of him and interest in his work. It is good to indulge in reading history; for though the incidents are often surprising, and such as one durst not exhibit in a novel, and likewise many of the characters above the capacity of ordinary readers to comprehend, it nevertheless has this to recommend it, that it gives a faithful and true picture of the passions which have agitated mankind, and the events which have resulted therefrom a real life, especially from the ambition of princes and the selfish intrigues of courtiers and flatterers. But in history, though we often see vice successful, it is never amiable and from the nature of its compositions and the greatest of its objects, the series of events, the dignity of the actors, and the issue of all worldly events, which he does and must exhibit, you will receive lessons on human affairs well calculated to promote your knowledge and humility. There you see the rapid decay of all worldly grandeur, beauty, and ambition ; so that the whole of history, to a contemplative mind, is one huge memento mori—a good lesson still keep before your eyes. Romances, on the other hand, give a transient and false view of human life ; the figures are overcharged with colouring, the whole is a intended to please, and there is nothing in the back ground to teach us that all is vanity. The personages of romance are indeed conducted through most difficult and distressing scenes; their virtue is ex- posed to the greatest risks, while the art of their author must, at all events, preserve it from contamination. Many delicate sentiments may be introduced, and much heroic love displayed, and, when you least expect it, the seas, and inter ventions of all sorts, which a little while before seemed altogether insurmountable, disappear at once; the stratagems of rivals, and the opposition of parents, are all exhausted and the marriage of the hero and heroine closes the grand outrageous fiction. Some of these works may be exceedingly amusing to you, though I confess they never were so to me ; but I maintain, that if you read such books, you will never be instructed. What are regarded as fine sentiments are of no use if arising out of unnatural and improbable adventure and I farther assure you, on the credit of a poet, that I never knew young lady the better of her reading when she read for excitement alone.— The Ettrick Shepherd's Lay Sermons. 