ENGLISH EXTH A OTS J7rom tlie Kobait Town Journals. it is, with uneipenkaUe graliliualion, we liavo to announce tho ihipoi taut factr— the ^ Wliit; H(liniiiisiralion.j» no more! Tlmt uiJmioistraiioi), many of the members of tuitions, which, when llioy contemplated' they nuisl h.ive been fi.l.-cl with astonish meitl nl fimling' tiiemselves where tliej Were, upon ll»e vtioiildnrs of the people »liewod the nunon anxiety lo depress and lieepdown that very pebplii, by seeking tc ri'tiiri) to principled and practices whicl had cost their prudecesnors their posts, nnd which, being in violation of public opinion the only ren I source of power, they have '?? fiiHeu — ami most deservedly— for tho of lence. Wo niosi si-ncn cly rejoice at this— and we. further most siticerejy r--juice at the .inannerjn .which thoy have been— -unparal- lelcd -in CoitrL, histnry-^-KicKE*D out ! Aitd we ytt: (wilier rejoice 'tliht a course 'lias been adopted unparalleled also in history, since'liie RtsvoliftiOn— of establiiih ing u ^Dictatorship ! For whatis not the situation of the Dliko'of Wellington, who now hold* the souls of the whole of ihe 'principal offices of the Stale, His' Majesty . having been graciously , right. Uuyully, und ?right uxoriouslyi pleased to conipose Iiis present Cabinet, tlie reader, olthongh he -stares with a»t6|iishhiuht nnd iticredu!ily, -nwy. nevertheless ' be\a'ssui:ed 'of '.the fact, as follows : — ; -?!?'» - ? . - - ?First Lord of the Treasury — Duke .Wellington. Chancellor of Exche^ner -? ? ? ;- ? 'Bit'ip: Presldenfof, Council' ' 'Ditto. .Lord Privy Seal' ? ;;'?;? Ditto. Tlie tiireo Sir'cretnries of State : -iii\Xo:. '.First Ld dor Admiralty ? ? - *Uitio. Prbsident of, Horn d of Control \'-Ditto. Chnncollof Dut'liy of Lancaster ? Ditto. * . Sncretury' at War ' ? Ditto. Master of the Mint ? Ditto., The whole of ? lie late Miuissters deli vered the seals of jlieir officeii to iho King inCouncil, on; Monday, tlie lTtli Novem ber, at. 2 o'clock, and His- Mont Gracious Mnjesiy the King,' by and with the advice of Her Most Gracious RlnjesJylhe-Que.en, was pleased at aiiotlierCouiicil,al3 o'clock, .to swear in Hia Grnce the Duke of Wel lington, Principal Secretary of State for the Hotne Department, First' Lord of the 1 Treasury, and to deliver to him the seals of office— that is to say. Id iiivost in him the duties thereof — of nil the abovemun -tioned Departinenls of -the State. ,- ' If this is not a Ministerial Dictatorship, we kriow'notl'w.liat'W'^Mld be one. ' Upon Lord Ij'yndhtirst wjis, b^stpwed the ?cufttndy of the Great Seal, the noble Lord ~ being also Chief C iron of the Exchequer. AW theue delightful occurrences took place in a_Conncil composed of the following highly popular personals : ^The King, tho Dictator, Sir Charles M. Sulton . (Speaker), Lord Lyiulhurst, ' Mr. Goul hurn, Lord Jersey , Sir 11. Ilurdinge ( 1st A D. C. to the Dictator), Lord Cowley *nd Lord Maryborough (the Dictator's two omiable lirothersj, nnd the great and glo rious liar I of l-lunsler, Lord /idolphus- Filz- Jordan, iliin ^brother, being 'Lord in Waiting' on the felicitous occasion. We nhstll endeavour to yive our renders -a short view of the manner in which this freal event has been e flee ted.' Lord Spencer* the father of Lord Al -thorp. died on I lie lOtli November. It is a constitutional pt iuri pie, tlmt the keeper of 4hn purse of the people — the Chancellor of the Exchequer, must sit In the IJottse of the people — the Commons llousd. Lord i\Ithorp, having now become 'a' Pter of tiie Realm,' could' no longer do so.' Lord Melbourne, the lute ?Premier, wchi to the King, at Brighton,' on Satiifdgy Ihe J5;h, and in:lhe plain and manly,: manner for which that nobleinati diiring his whole life lias beendisiinguished, expressed the diffi culty he should have in replacing Lord Althbrp— riot -bnly' in liis' office, rbiit'a8 leader of the Housu of Commons, lie explained fully tliel necessity of adopting a decisive course, either of marching forward by infusing additional ' Radicalism' into the Administration, or by falling back upon Conservatism. He suggested, rather than recommended, Mr. Littleton as Lord \l Ihorp'a successor— he made other sUgges .tions; but it would seem, that all had bepn already m-uUtl.- The, result of the cntreticn was, that Lord Melbourne himself became thei,.bieurer of tho jetter ? ;tO!;,the Duke -f Wellington from 'the King commanding his presence to undertake the whole Govern ment pro tempore, and the positive com mands of the King to all the Cabinet 'Mi- nisters to attend him on 'the; Monday fol lowing- (the next duy in fact) to deliver up their seals of oflico, and they did so.-^r. Short work liiis! . -, , ?-. Sir Robert Peel was at Venice—- without him, the Dictator cannot go on, and, ac cordingly ,^ he was Went for, post KaBte-— until his arrival, nothiiig-definiiive can be «ionc— ^for to him must be trusted the* (louse of Commons, and the real working 'of^'tlie Government. It is probable, that Parliii inent will not assemble until late in Feb. in order to onoblc the now Ministers to consolidate. It is not improbable, that the chief offices of- tho State will slmke out of the Dictator's bag somewhat as follows r-y- Diiko of Wellinglon, First: 'Lord ,o( i- the 'Treasury- ??- ? ? ....'... ..??--'.?.....:-;.?? - Sir C. M. Sulton or Mr. Baring, Chah .cellur of the teiclirquer 1 Lortl I.yndhursYj'CliaiicelJor Sir R. Peel, Home Secretary Lord: Aberdeen. Foreign Secretary - Sir G.' Murray, Secretary ^ for the Colonies Sir H. Ilurdinge, Secretary at War Mr. Croker, The Admiralty Lord Londonderry, Privy :Seal , .' . ., ? Lord -!un»ter, Master. of the Horsn Lord \Vinchelsea, President of the Council Lord ! Elienborotigh,' I resident of Board of Coutiol , ? ? Duke .'f Richmond, Po'tnia»tpr General L'ord Westmorland. Duchy, Lancaster ',-.' Lord Chanel os j Wasier of the Mint Sir James Scurletl, Lord Chief Biiron . Sir Georgo Clerk, Secretary to the Tren sury ? , Sir C. WetliercH. .Attorney General; Sir E. Sugden, or Mr. Fol.letl, Solicitor General Mr. C. W. Wynne, Speaker. . We cntinol venture lo.oflt;ran»opinion of tha course which the new Administration will ndopt. The Dictatoj-^voll knowsjlhat he has no longer a nominal Parliament at lus comnmnd-— a dissolulion would do little for him ; il might givo him a-few Counfy ML'inbnrSi ,but it wo'uld add 4i- the 4Udicai interest a much greater nuilibur in Inrgc lowiif, and, perhajis iiistecd of an «*-i3'Con« liell Tail' of 40, CHe' joint's1' woii.ia 'be encr«.aswd to the *yhole 100. The Tima of thu 18th November, has the following .excellent passage upon [the subject :— ?'** To. inmghie that the Duke of Williiigton, or that any man with a tithe of Ills sagacity, could undertake the ad minlst ration of a country so per vaded a* this is liy a .universal consciousness, .thai the application of the reform principle to manj gross abuses of Church and State s'.ill rpinains un- effected ; nndihat Vvitllottt iti fihtlicr aiid systematic progress, tlie peace And well-being of every rank of Hociery must be altogether insecure— to imagine we say, that the Duke of Wellington' could 'under take his present office in the expectation of being .ditto lo obstruct the regular advancement of the reform principle— and, in doing, so, to resist the whule intellectual ni.d moral force of England, jtould iie.to ittamp him' a iiiniiiac. ? ? ? ?-»?-,?.? ? ? ' Our own resolution respecting the Duke of ?-Wellington, U to deal with -li1in as we have done with Loril Grey and with Lord Giey's successor — -to ? .wvitcli him closely— to oppose him , vigorously though not faction sly, «lmn he di-serta what we conp'tiiye lo be his'duty ; and when difficulties beset -.him. in the IVi'lil'iil perfoimauce of that duty, to J'.elp i Jiim ..with equal vigour. A Reform JMinUter lie must be, or no Minister of Willinm the I Yth. His Grace' will speedily' findj that he lias no longer a lioroiigh Parliament to deal .with. Uiton.one subject,' though of inconsiderable moment, it may be well to leiiiark, tiial the' charge of '|.i-ccoiiceried intrigue lor the overthrow i-f Lord tAielliouin's Cabinet iu this instance, must be destitute of foun dation— ina«niuch, ,ns if the Duke of Wellington had been prepared widi a list of colleague*, ha needed not to have received into his own hands the Seals of Secretaries of State.— In point of fact, no appointment lias' taken place, except tln-,t of tlie Duke, v)ho;ha$ hissed, haruh as Jirst Lordnf the Trea sury and iivorri in Home Secretary, and will conduct Ihe Government by means of the lUnndeiSecrc taiies, until the anivalof Sir Kobert I'ecl.', \- . It ji quite clear, .that- the present is one of long settled predetermination. 'That the King never liked llieJWhigs, all, vi'hp have looked closely nt events, and com pared them with lony-fixod habits, associa tions, conneclibns— and .what 'all Kings must of necessity consider their dearest interfests— .llie|T right .to- consider the peo ple as llurir subjects,, in iWh fullest mean ing of lhat word — all, we say, who have contemplated these Royal feeling*, must be convinced, lhat'the 'Sailor King (as the Soldier. King his brother, would have been compelled to in liko circumstances) en dured the Whigs, because public opinion and the march of events forced thirri upon 'tlii'mi 'Who has 'forgotten' the -three i^oy? dismissal of Lord Grey during J lie progr.ess of tjlip - J.ieforni .Bi|l-— -the niidnigliiMun at r-muster at Apslcy LJuusf- — ll-.e Duke «T Wi'liington's wiridoW-barricaded tow'h residence, when thu Great Captain. '* put; away the Ciown,' becnusje he was told' openly byLord Mill, that if the reject ia i of the lie form Bill produced collision with the people, the tr'oop's could not be relied upon? 'l'ho King was compelled to take the Whigs buck— but blind, indeed, were those .who duped themselves by doubling, that he d eply deplored the necessity which ho compelled him ! Where has been Lord Munsier, the Tory negotiator, ever since,? ytiituring not to publicly en counter the people upon any one occasion, he has been either hidden in the recess is of the Queen's private apartments^— passing and re passing between the Duke af Cum berland in Berlin and the Tory Conclave in Cariton Plnce, or in carrying secret com munications from the highest quarters with the ' Holy Allinnce,' coiiiiter'acling, in private, the diplomacy of the Admimstra tiqp ! ' The long pursued intrigue at last burst foilh— the die is . cast ; nnd the ?' caster'' ou the one side, and the .people on the other, must ' abide the htizard !' Unspeakably do we rejoice at that I The coiiitist wiU b(e b'etvyeen public jppiniq'nr— loudly expi-etsed by ninleen millions of people— ^aud the miserable corpi; of public pluiidyrers of the ?various denominations, 'whose only re iance can be upon the bay onet. Yet Lord Hill, in 1832, was iipi quite secure on this 4iead ! -Already are the whole pttiple of the 'United Kingdom on the aleit. Public Meeting!*, to address the King not to call the Tories?— the Duke of Weilingtop'espcciully-^-tp. pTqwer, are co'n vened in all the parishes of London, and in every county and large town. .Large pin-, cards nppeur every whore coutainiiig the few but expressive words— 'To your tents, 6h! 'Isriibr!' ' ' ' ;-:'. '? ??-?* ' '':;..:?;:?' Furvenlly rlo \ye rejoice at ibis- how ex cellently Veil ii 'works for the crisis 1 We have before us. the London Journals to the 19th November — we regret that our space prevents our copying from the really leading, journal. of lho.wor|d;-^:i|ie.;!r*OT«~. its duilj- oentimtnts, from the death of Lord' Spencer 'to the de.npuemeni77-:the placing I ho people in 'ihe hands of the Dic tator. Qnthe,;lSth (Tuesday) that Vipleri- Jid Journal gives extracts from the previous Evening Papers of all parlies. We very, [tfuch wish that we could 'copy tlitin, but -ur 'limited spacs prevents us; we shall do io, however, in -our next, with btfoer ex-: racts from, the difler.enl journals \ye pps less of the important week, from the 1 2lh 0 the I Oth. ' We cannot now,' however, inss by the leading article of the Observer -f the IBth— it js cpolr-^lenipeiale-;' t'and jnprejudiced either way:— ? ' «? We know not whether the Doice of Wellington * prepared to form a Ministry, and the absence of Sir Kobert I'eel, who is at present in I'loreuce.niay, ?erhaps, delny for a while any decenive announce nent on the subject, unless intjend it'be, a» many icrsons anjert, that the whole matter had been li-eody arranged; that his Majesty had made up Is mind to get rid of the M'higs upon the first con asion ; and that the death of Karl Spencer 'has leen deemed a sufficiently plausible pretext lor car ying tho dcterniiimtlon into immudinte effect. For tir part, we bog leave di-tinotly to »!«?« Miat w* elicve King William whoty iuca|(able of exhibiting iiy such wuut of candour an this insinuated against im in these reports, nor should we have ventured 1 (Jve.' through our columns, a furihe.r cunency to n- unworthy hii^picioti, had it not been ulieady inch canvassed, and excited a deep indignation in very quarter in which it has born entertained. Ve will say; however, that whether it be with tlie - ling himself, or with an illustrious' puraonage enreil lilt .Throne, or with whomsoever it be that '? 111* change ha3 originated, an litojul responsibility liist rest upon the adviser. . : ' On Friday the country was in a stnte of pro* mud tranquillity ; our commerce 'flourishing.; our an mtinnlactuving population. -fully and, actively liiploycd. I'olhieal excitement had subsided, and . lie people awaited, with calinnens the, announce lent of those nipasnrcs of reform which are known } to bo ill-preparation — relying with confidence on ' ic character iiml cxprcuscd iute.ntioun of a liberal iovernmeiit, and believing tlmt tlieir jiibt expcct» ons would not be disappointed. Such was the :ate of things on Friday;— yesterday we were uldenly aioused from our ropose, and called upon j prepare for a tierce and formidable struggle — ic old Tory party arc making ono effort mure to jsturb tliepcacc, and impede the proBpeiity of the - conniry. ,TJiey aie, seizing upon tlLe.Goverriinent but they have not yet 4uipri»ed.the people; and if the liberal party is true to themselves — and lie will be a bold .man who dares. at such a moment to bscQnie ap ^p.pstate — the dijcomfitiire, we trust the. annihilation. 'of Hie faction will be complete. H hat ! are we again to be struck down by the thrown gauntlet op-lKe-yDuke of Wellington ? or will his .Grace summon round him, those who have no prin ciples but Ills commands, and— reckless of every thing that he has jaid, done, or, professed, and at the sacrifice of1 every thing like political integiity — will' Itc 'offer to carry through those mrasures of Corporation and Church Kefonn known to be pre pared by the present Government for'the Vneetiue of Parliament?— if he offers, will he be believed ? Ought the country to confide in a Statesman who has exhibited such inveterate hostility to every thing that h liberal in Government and tolerant in religion ? Hut if he agrees tb sacrifice the' Corpo rations, will he in like mariner give up the Irish Church r Will those ,who contended today /or the full exaction of .Tithes, pass the iMU' next Session which tlmy rejected in the lastT Will the Duke oi -Wellington, trampling upon everything like consistency, drag through ahe.innd, apostate Lords and recreant Bishops ? and. .if he .thoxild do so, uitl Jie not then have done more to degrade-Th'e Aristocracy and put in peril the Church, than the most destructive Radical could hope to have achieved for years' to cornel'' Again, from the True Sun of the 17th -Vr— ?? '.Ve' mistake our countrymen nuglitily-^-we mis ..t9.k.*^«e : few .lending .spirits '.tiiat liaye betu' siim nioned to tlieir council*, and who mav .enjoy their conndenco— if they or any of themare ai. ihisliiue ^.Jje scared by the mere ghost of si Military Pre mier; it the mere shadow ;« f ihe 'Great .Captain striding into Downing-street, is' to' cast over the least-spiiiied portion of them the heavy glooin'of superstition, and to frighten them into a shameful submission to oligarchial will! Few are the peo ple now-a-days who would, even in a more friendless and perilous crisis than this, turn pale at the \\-ittc pronunciation of the' name of Wellington— ho would be induced to regret the' downfall of a Mhig despotism, through fear of a Tory one.— who would desire the continuance of a bad Government, through dread of the possibility of a worse. No— we have .the name of Durham to work spells with; and it shall counteract any that may yet wait upon the once terrible cognomen of the Conqueror. What says the Radical Cassius unto Brutus ? — ' Brutus and Caesar! what should be in that Caesar? Vhy should tha't name be sounded more than 'yours ? Write thin together, yours is as fair, a riiiine ;' sound Uieih'^— it' doth become the niouth' as well ; : W eigh .them — it is as heavy* ; conjuro with tliemr-, ! Mr'utis will stait a spirit, as soon as Caisar!'^ ' e ' ' The ])arallel will not liold good ; for the influence which thu -Earl of --Durham may now immediately exercise over tho'minds of his couritrymen, would be : unde^raied beyond all expression :by a comparison with any assumption of authority, however formidable in di-play, nnd hon'over fierse in exercise, that the -Duke of 'Wellington can by possibility, meditate. With the moral 'power of the whole people at the ; back of Lord Durham, how worse than idle are the associations of even military power that may be con nected with the Captain's Cabinet!' Will not fhe great body of the people instantaneously receive this impression, as .the news of the morning circulates - amongst them ! Will they not' instantly call to mind the spirit of the passage we. have just quoted, and remember more especially the wise and true , meaning' of the expression which'' precedes' that pas- sage, and which Mr. 'Cobbett lately used with ad mirable address :— ' The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, But in ourselves that we are underlings ?' We are sure they will.' We' are sure that the whole mass of the people will, after: the first burst 'of astonishment at this extraordinary demonstration of spirit in their' rules, at once call upon Lord Dur- ; ham to do them, their cause, and himself justice. Justice can be lawfully and peacefully procured — if ' the people will it. Lord Durhain can, we bplieve We' 'will' aid 'and direct them. 'There will' bo' lib sleeping upbn il— our enemies veil! nol sleep nn in- - stunt. ^ It has been 'proposed to invite the Karl to ' u public dinner in the ''Metropolis, imiuedfiitely pre vious to the asseiubling of Parliament. Now is the time. Meetings must every where' be held — the: common object of them all; to petition the King to entrust the formation , of a Miuitt'ry to tht Earl of' Durham!' ? ' ' \ ''' ; Tliere can be no doubt of the fact, that the King had predetermined to get rid of the Reform Ministry on the first possible \ occa'sion^-rAa* Lord Brougham Ttnew it — ; and thence hia coquetting' witlf the rfories, ; and his repented declarations during Ihis \ Scottish rWuuntebankings, ' Vf-. little was j done last session, less 'would be done the ? next' Jlij-!this would not do. . Diil Lord j Brougham. ever believe that King William \ had forgotten the. bitter reproaches with - which Mr. lirouglianv all but overwhelmed \\\\\e_I)uke of Clarence during tlie Queen's trial?. Did he beiieve that the King had forgotten Mr. Brouglinm's. splendid apos trophe, upon Mrs. J ordairs being permitted by the Tut her of her cliilrlren, the how ennobled 'JFilzclarences,' to die all but 67'waht in a stranjfer land ? If lie did he knew little of the human mind, still less of tlie Royalty. Lord Brougham's Tory over turnings only added contempt to dislike, jle brought upon . iiim the disgtiHt of the King, and the alarm of the people ! lie fLJI-rras, all doubleTdenIers do— despised by both parlies, and \viiliout a retreat to rklly upon. AVImt if lie returns to the people's side, nnd; again the liglitnings of his pbw i erfii I fla'rcasiii !ll ash* aga inst the eneniix-fi o f ' the'people, is there a humnn being who would believe in his sincerity ! Will lhny . not think that his return to the pebple is 'the' means' to the ^«rf' of hj»«JW^i( ^return to power £ :'--N;nv,e.r \v.as_ there a. more stri king instance , of tlie miserable policy (.?talesmen like L»rd Brougham pass by its ] detestable ' baseiiess) of' ingratitude ' cither I public or private. Lord B.rougliam owed his nil lo the people— -he repaid them by dosorting them.Vai tne very in'oinerit when had he remained Jirm, the King would- not hutie dared the recent 'avowal of his real .principles. Well, indeedjhas the ' ? ? Times'*'... reproached the . Ex-fJliftncellor, with being the great ??ally of Tory — the great enemy of Whig administrdlion I*' J !^ , 0 .1^1 -. J :',r WVhave only bfeeh enabled' thtis' to give a short sniniiiary of the eveiit-^«n our next we shall furnish details, copied from the moi-t influential journals. ''-' ? '?''' r We have confined this notice strictly to the important change in the Administra tion, ludi-ed there is little else of interest before us. On Friday, the 14th, consols fell to 9Q, on Saturday rose to 91 ; fell on Monday to 00, on Tuesday the Barings and the whole of the monied Tories went into the market and ' Bulled1' the funds by immence purchases, up 'again to 91g-— - tlie last quotation we find. 