To the Editor of the True Colonist. SIR—However apparent to the Public it may be, that every defamatory statement which appears in your Journal, however baneful, carries with it its own antidote, and requires not the trouble of refutation, yet your attack on the " Roman Catholic Committee" is probably an exception. It is possible that you did not intend yourself personally to insult that body, but you are the mouth- piece of a miserable and defeated party, who have endeavoured in vain to perpetrate the degradation of the whole Roman Catholic Community of Van Diemen's Land. Your first accusation against the Committee is, "poverty," and certainly one would have thought you would have avoided, (if you possibly could), to have made such a charge against them. But even here you fail. Permit me to tell you, that of that maligned and insulted Committee, three individuals alone possess collectively, wealth to the amount of at least £20,000, in spite of your anti-prosperity mania. These three are Messrs. O'Sullivan, Reichenberg, and M'Carthy. The other members are not, perhaps, so opulent; but I have never heard of outstanding claims upon them, or that they have received any pecuniary obligations from your Reverend friend, out of that fund. I need not state, your assertions as respects the Roman Catholic Place of Worship, partake of your usual inaccuracy, and as to that of Mr. Conolly, I will not refer to the affidavit made by him in Mr. Talbot's case, with Mr Kermode and Dr. Hood, nor to his never-to-be-forgotten invocation of the ghost of M'Shane, nor to the celebrated affidavit respecting Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Gellibrand, I want merely to draw your attention to the Rev. Gentleman's oath in December, in defence of his man Mara, who was accused of violence to a female of his flock, when he swore that the place you call our Catholic Chapel, was his own property; therefore we are not in the least degree culpable for the disgusting state of that edifice. It will perhaps, surprise you, that we are not inclined to follow your suggestion as respects " Costello." We have nevertheless ordered, not a piece of tin, but a piece of silver, and of no inconsiderable value too, and to which you will yourself have the satisfaction of liberally contributing, as the insulted members of our Congregation are to hand to the Committee the annual subscription hitherto paid to the True Colonist, not because they approved of it in any particular; but from very different motives, which, however, now that it permits itself to be the open vehicle of insult to their religion, they cannot longer permit themselves to be influenced by. You need not have informed the Catholics, that you were opposed to their worship, for it is evident that in your faith there can be no such commandment as this, " Thou shall not bear false witness against thy neighbour." I shall now only take the liberty of adding, that the Committee you have so maligned, never interfered with the affairs of any other Congregation, and your attack upon them must therefore appear the more uncalled for, and unprovoked. A CATHOLIC. 