rxoipua. eOt t tp 1Nlaýec ce. INFALLIBILITY OF ' THE. ROMAN. CATHOLIC CHURCH. O.TO THIE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sin,-After our blessed Saviour had ,finished his ministry, and was about to ascend into hea ven, he delivered the parting command to his Apostle: " Go ye, and teaceh all nations, bap tizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" adding the comfortable assurance that he would be with them and their successors until time should be no. more: " Go," says he, .' I am with you alway, unto the end of the world." In fulfil ment of this promise, Christ has raised up faith ful witnesses in every age; and a spiritual Church. " not born of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man," has given tes timony to the truth amidst scenes of lamentation and woe unparalleled in the annals of mankind. Antichrist, like the arch-fiend of Milton, " darted his experienced eye through the arm'd files" of his adherents, and uttered his fearful denuriciar tions against her; while they a horrid front , Of dreadful length and dazzling arms, in guise Of warriors old, with order'd spear and shield, Awaited what command their mighty chief : :Had to impose. . . The powers of darkness " highly raged against the Highest," and." hurl'd defiance toward the vault of heaven;" but all their efforts were inef fectual. The promise " lo ! I am alway with you:' preserved the persecuted Church, and she shone,-though with a glimmering ray, amid the overwhelming apostacy of Christendom. The preservation of a remnant of sincere worshippers under such afflicting circumstances illustrates the certainty of the promises of God, and the inf alli bility of that Church against which our Saviour said " the gates of hell should not prevail." Other infallibility none can claim. A long line of bishops; overflowing assemblies of ecclesias tics; an hypocritical sanctity, like that of the philosophers " qui curios simulant et Baccha nalia vivunt ;" an impudent fiction of miraculous power; and, the pride, pomp, and circumstance, of imperial authority: these, indeed, may im pose upon the senses of man, and lead him away a miserable captive; but they do not constitute infallibility. Human nature is human nature still, whether it exist in a council of mitred pre lates, or iri the breast of one elevated to the chair of St. Peter. It is vain to expect "a right judgment in all things" from our fellow-heirs of mortality and corruption. The natural wicked ness-(kakia ev tusEi) of which Plato complains is the common companion of all. The Chris- tian religion, therefore, introduces to our notice a nobler guide than either Pope or Council—a guide with whom is ,' no parallax, nor tropical sha dow" ;.one, indeed, who sits enthroned in eter nal majesty, ruling all things according to his determinate counsel and foreknowledge. It was such a director as this that Peter himself re quired, when, as if conscious of the errors of all human institutions, he exclaimed: " To whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life." Happy would it have been for the pre- tended successors of Peter, had they pursued a similar line of conduct. The world would not then have seen one pontiff wasting his time in frivolity, nor heard another exclaim in the bitter ness of his soul that " he did not see how it was possible for a Pope to be saved." A favourer of the papacy would not then have had occasion to observe: " He cannot now say, as the people so is the priest; for the people are not so bad as their priests."--Bernard in Convers. St. Paul, Serm. I. But what can exceed the accounts Roman Catholics have given of their sovereign pontiffs? What race of men, even according to their friends' acknowledgment, were more dis graced by their enormities than the Popes of Rome? Cardinal Baronius calls one " a mon ster of iniquity." Phil. Burgomensis says, ' The Popes, setting aside the fear of God and his worship, fell into enmities among themselves as cruel tyrants exercise towards one another. Gerbert (Ep. 40.) writes to his deacon: " The world stands amazed at the manners of Rome." And Baronius, speaking of the tenth century, says; " What was then the face of the Roman Church? How deformed ! When prostitutes, no less powerful than vile, bore the chief sway at Rome, and at their pleasure changed sees, appointed bishops, and (what is horrible to mention) thrust into St. Peter's See their own gallants, false Popes, who would not have been mentioned in the catalogue of the Roman Popes, but only for the more distinct recording of so long a succession of times." And a little after he 'says, " Christ was then, it seems, in a very deep sleep. And which was worse, when the Lord was thus asleep, there were no disciples to awaken him, being themselves all fast asleep. What kind of cardinals, presbyters, and deacons, can we think were chosen by these monsters, when nothing is so natural as for every one to propagate his own likeness?"-An. Tom. 10, Ann. 900. And where let me ask was the infal libility of the Roman Church, when they were all asleep? And yet she is infallible : strange paradox ! She cannot err, say her satellites. Her laws, like those of the Medes and Persians, admit of no alteration. But claiming, as she does, this unerring judgment in ecclesiastical matters, it is an extraordinary fact that she has failed to show in whom it is vested. Some of her children fancy they see it in the Pope. Others discover it in a general Council; while a third sees it disseminated throughout her com munity. Amidst such a concatenation of con flicting opinions, it is not difficult to determine that there is no infallibility. If such a power had been delegated by Christ to the Roman Catholic Church, it would be manifest to all. Enough has already been adduced to bring down the towering pretensions of the papacy; but, to put the matter beyond all doubt, I shall appeal still further to ecclesiastical history, and select a few instances in which Popes and Coun cils have egregiously erred. In which sovereign pontiffs and assembled bishops have proved themselves fallible, weak, sinful creatures. In which this pretended infallibility has levelled the demarcations between virtue and vice. In which heterodoxy has supplanted the true faith, and, lastly, in which " ignorance and barbarism tri umphed, and swept away distinction." 1\. What do we read of particular Popes ? Eleutherius and Victor sanctioned the heresy .of the Montanists. Marcellus denied the faith of Christ, and sacrificed to idols. Liberius sub scribed an Arian formulary of faith. Felix was also an Arian. Zosimus openly favoured the heresy of Pelagiuis and Celestius. Vigilius changed his opinion only four times ! Honorius 1\. determined in favour of the Monothelite heresy, and condemned, as heretical, the opinion of the orthodox bishops. John XII. who at the early age of sixteen, without having been in holy orders, or indeed capable of ordination, was placed, in St: Peter's chair by his father Alberic, a Roman Consul, this monster was convicted of simony, perjury, sacrilege, murder, and blas phemy, and deposed by the Emperor Otho, who appointed Leo VIII. in his room. Re suming his dignity by means of an armed force; John assembled a council of his supporters; and, in the fulness of papal power, disannulled all that had been enacted against him. While the Emperor was preparing to make an example: of the iniquitous, but infallible, prelate, he fell a sacrifice to the vengeance of a dishonoured hus band. John XVIII. was a layman ; and his successor, Boniface IX., who at the age of ten years purchased the papacy, after ten years of profligacy, rapine, and murders, was forcibly and ignominiously expelled by the Romans;. and after a temporary resumption of his dignity, find ing the hatred of the people on the point -of bursting forth again to violent measures, sold the right and title to infallibility to the ignorant and unlettered Gregory VI. John XXIII. was utterly destitute of all principles, both of religion and probity; and, after purchasing the cardinalate, poisoned his predecessor, Alex ander V. This infallible pontiff, was deposed for his various crimes. Alexander VI. dis graced his dignity by his ambition, avarice, cruelties, and debaucheries; and, by a righteous reactidn of divine Providence, died, having by mistake taken that poison which he had prepared for some cardinals, whom he invited to an en tertainment. But why need I pursue the account ? "Why need I expose these successors of St. Peter any further! Why should I tell of the depravity of Julius, or the duplicity of Sixtus ? I turn from the history. 2\. And what do we read of General Councils? Jerome tells us. (Chron. Ad. Ann. Christ. 363.) "That Arianism was established by the Synod of Ariminum," which was a council far more general than that of Trent. And says he, " The Synod of Nice, which consisted of three hundred bishops received eight Arian bishops." It will appear a thing incredible, that there is any infal bility in Councils because they are general, and are assembled put of a great many kingdoms and provinces, when we see them go backward and forward, according to the influences of Courts,. and of interests directed from thence. How dif ferent Councils decreed in the Arian controver- sies, and what a variety of them Constantine set up against that at Nice. The Entychian heresy was approved in the second council at Ephesus, but soon after condemned at Chalcedon. So with regard to images ; they were condemned at Constantinople in the East; but soon after, upon another change of Court; maintained in the se cond council at Nice; and not long after con- demned' in a very numerous Council: at Frank- fort. At many general Councils clamour and vociferation carried the day :' so it was at Ephe· sus. Gross frauds were practised at Nice, and in others intrigue and subtility triumphed. On the proceedings of later councils it is not neces~ sary to enlarge. Their infamy is' manifest. What shall we say of the manoeuvres at Trent, as they are set out by Cardinal Pallavici ? What excuse shall we make for the infamous Council of Constance, which absolved the Emperor Si gismund from his oath, and sentenced John Huss to the flames contrary to every principle of justice and humanity ? Or what shall we say of the precious advice given to Julius III. by the bishops assembled at Bononia? An assembly of divines, who frankly confessed that they " did not retain in their churches, even the shadow of that doctrine and discipline which flourished in the days of the Apostles," and that " they had substituted a doctrine and discipline entirely different." After which honest confession, they recommend His Holiness to keep the Scriptures as much as possible, out of the hands of the peo ple, for, say they: " 'Tis this book, after all, more than any other, which has excited against us those troubles and those storms, which have driven us to the brink of the abyss. And it must be allowed, that, if any one examine with attention, and, compare afterwards in detail that which it contains with the practices of our Church, he will find very great differences, and will see not only that our doctrine is altogether different from that which the Scripture teaches, but that oftentimes it is entirely opposed to it." (Ex Concilio quorundam Episcoporum Bononiae congregatorum, quod, de ratione stabiliendae Romance Ecclesie J ulio III. Pont. Max.) " From the foregoing facts it will appear, that neither Popes nor Councils are infallible. The Church of Rome may lay claim to infallibility; but until she can acquit the pontiffs and assem blies of the delinquencies which have been laid to their charge and proved against them, her claim is ridiculous. Her Popes and Councils, I repeat again, have notoriously erred. They have decreed statutes diametrically opposed to the written word of God, and, in many instances, have infringed the laws of God and man. And, if her " chief priests and scribes" have erred, surely her countless children have erred likewise. They have been the instruments of the higher powers, and have led the van in holy wars for the extirpation of heresy, deluging the world with blood. What palliation can be offered for' the massacre of St. Barthdlomew's day,. when no less than 50,000 Protestants were inhumanly sacrificed ? Or the massacre of 1641 in Ireland, when no ties of friendship or relationship could induce papists to spare the Protestants? Or the edict of Nantes, when 50,000 of the most valua ble and industrious citizens of France were forced into exile? I say nothing of the Inquisi tion—the rack, the thumbscrew, the red hot shoe or the infernal chair—I have done. Hear then the conclusion of the whole matter ! That she, of whom it was once said that her faith was spoken of throughout all the world, has fallen from her first love; that the faithful city is become a harlot. She is now no longer adorned with the simplicity of the Gospel; righteousness no longer dwells in her streets; her silver is become dross, and she carries the mark of the beast on her forehead. In vain does she utter the voice of the lion : in vain does she vaunt herself as the Mistress of Kingdoms. Je hovah hath declared, and will not repent, "she shall become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." ' Truisting, sir, that you will pardon the unusual length of my commiunicatiou, I remain, your obedient servant, X. 