THE ESTABLISHED CHURCH. [BY THE CELEBRATED JOHN FOSTER.] TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. [CONCLUDED.] IN the economy of Protestant Dissent there is one distinctive fact of high importance, and so nearly universal that the exception must be very small-the requirement of personal religion as essential in the qualifications of a minister; I mean that he be ha- bitually and seriously intent on the cultivation of piety in his own mind, with a view to his own last account, his own final safety. In so very numerous a class it is inevitable that there will be admitted some false pretenders, and that there will occur too many lapses of human frailty in such as are not hypocrites. But these examples, when exposed, are branded with a peculiar opprobrium, for the very reason that personal piety is in them an avowed and perfectly understood sine qua non. They must afford satisfactory cause for the people's believing them to be such. I need not ask you whether there be any existing ecclesiastical institution in which evidence of such a qualification is not held indispensable, is not even brought under question, as a requisite to official competence for the consecrated profession. Not to lengthen this statement till I incur the sus- picion of being a partisan, I wi!l but just mention the great, I may soberly say the prodigious, exer- tions of the dissenters in the promotion of education among the poor-in local plans of charitable visita- tion and instruction-and in wider and very costly schemes and combinations for the extension of reli- gion both at home and in foreign regions. And is it, or is it not, the genuine Christian religion that they are thus multiplying and extending their activity to promote? Any assertion or doubt set up against the affirmative by the supporters of the Church, pro- vided they really believe its authorized doctrines, must fall before the fact, which I re-assert on the most extensive evidence, that by far the greater pro- portion of the dissenting ministers insist earnestly on what will on all hands be acknowledged the most essential, and distinctive in the theology of that Church's articles, understood in their plain unsophis- ticated sense, which they admit, while the more nu- merous proportion of the clergy evade them. If therefore, it should be alleged against those preachers, that many of them are grossly defective in mental cultivation-that, from a deficient educa- tion, their preaching, even though it were right in point of doctrine, is illiterate, crude and vulgar; I suspect this opinion is taken up on a very limited and unfortunately directed observation. And, at any rate, the Dissenters in general, are, as I am informed, completely aware of the indispensable necessity of a sound intellectual and literary discipline to qualify their ministers; and support numerous seminaries for that purpose. And now, Sir, I come to the point I had in view. Seeing that the Dissenters perform already so very large a proportion of whatever is done for religion among the people, I ask, in honest simplicity, looking only thus far, how there should be so overwhelming a ruination to the cause of Christianity in the sup- posed event of the fall of the Establishment? Is it in mere and temporary competition with the Church, and not from any sincere concern for religion itself or the welfare of the people, that they are prosecuting all these operations at so immense a cost of labour and pecuniary expense; so that, on condition the Church became silent, they would gladly save their toil and money, and surrender the people to ultra paganism—paganism without a god? Instead of re- mitting their exertions, would they not feel themselves called upon, if possible, to double them? Would any one of their meeting-houses be shut up; or, would not, instead, new ones be raised in hitherto un- occupied districts, ,with a rapidity even surpassing that which has of late years excited the surprise of every one in the habit of extensively traversing the country ? Would their congregations forthwith dwindle, as under a pestiferous blast? or would they, not, rather, receive a great accession of attendants— even though it were in virtue solely of that principle or instinct in the human mind, that something of the nature of religion is indispensable? And as to the religious and moral effect of all this on the people, I confess that, with every wish to be impartial, I can- not see but the influence of the Dissenting ministry on those who attend it, is on the average at the least as beneficial as that of the Church on its division of attendants. According, however, to some of our augurs, it is not in prostration and silence that religion wouId pe- rish, on the dissolution of the Church. For that event, they tell us, would let loose, like Æolus with his winds, a wild fanaticism, to result in a boundless confusion of all manner of fantastic notions, and con- flicting sects. But does any sober man believe that the Establishment is actually at present of any avail to restrain such lawless elements? Over the Dis- senters it evidently can have no such power. 'They may, for any thing it can do, abuse their freedom into as many sectarian follies as they please. Not the most petty heresiarch among them ever thinks of asking its leave. If its articles contribute any thing to keep them right, it is merely on the strength of their supposed intrinsic scriptural authority, which would remain just where it is, though the ecclesias- tical institution were abolished. And, let me ask, what power of restraining to an uniformity of doc- trine is maintained even over its own members, by a Church which is suffering in itself an almost mortal schism, in an utter contrariety of opinion on the most important of its doctrines, between the larger portion of its clergy, and that smaller but increasing one, which is growing so much in favour with the people—not to mention those recent wild extrava- gances and novelties, of which the Church has had a much greater share than all the Dissenting sects together. Thus far, Sir, I find no way out of that " per- plexity" which I began by confessing to you. But , this is only half my difficulty. I now turn from the Dissenters directly to the Church itself, in the inquiry after the consequences of its supposed downfal—still meaning by that term its reduction to the equal ground with the other religious parties, of maintaining its ministry by the voluntary support of those who approve it. That event being supposed, what am I to expect would follow? Would the clergy, there- upon, all in a body, renounce their vocation; would they, with one consent, refuse to preach ? Would they, in word and act, declare that, since the Christ- ian religion is no longer established and endowed as a part of the national constitution, they care nothing about it; and that, as to the people, they are not worth preaching to? Should we see one church, and another, and another, shut up in solitary gloom; and hear the passing townsman, or villager, or rustic, saying, Dr. - (or Mr. - ) has told us he has no more to say to us; we may go to what he calls the conventicle if we like, or, if we like it better, to the alehouse; and the parson is off—we don't know whither?" Am I seriously required to believe the clergy so indifferent to the sacred calling to which they have been " moved by the Holy Ghost," and to the welfare of their flocks? No, it will perhaps be re- plied, they would be willing and most desirous to con- tinue their ministrations, but how could they be sup- ported when the income was gone ? They could not preach and starve. Now, I must confess my amaze- ment at hearing such language. Do they ever take one minute's trouble to think how so numerous a Dis- senting ministry can subsist, in communities who have, besides the expense of building, enlarging, and keeping in repair their places of worship, with all the additionals of schools, &c.; &c.; ? Or have they ever heard of such a thing as the Catholic priesthood of Ireland ? The adherents of the Church possess the far greater share of the wealth of the nation; they affirm that they are the vastly preponderant party in every way; they possess a zealous and affectionate attachment to the venerable institution for its spiritual excellence; and they have on their side the main strength of the hereditary prejudices of the people. What, then, are we really to understand that in spite of all this, a voluntary support of their clergy is a desperate thing to be calculated on or thought of? Is it, when the truth is known, come to this, that the supporters and adherents of the Church do not, after all, care enough about religion, or for the Christian services of their clergy, to maintain a Christian mi- nistry in the same manner as the Dissenters are doing? Is that an example of pious liberality and zeal far above their imitation? What, come to them for money in support of their religion, and there's an end of it? Sacred in their eyes as is their Church, more sacred still are their coffers and their purses ! But then is it not extremely remarkable that the Dis- senting cause should have found out and drawn to itself, extracted, as it were, from the community, just that portion of it which does care enough about the matter, which is willing to be at the expense of a Christian ministry—leaving the rest under the impu- tation, the just imputation, on the above supposition, as far as I, in my simplicity, can see, of setting a lower value on their souls, or at least on the means of their instruction and salvation ? I have heard it alleged, that however it might fare with the people in the towns and the districts thickly inhabited, the rural tracts, with a scanty population, would be left in a total destitution of religious ad- vantages. Did the foretellers of this consequence ever traverse any considerable part of Wales, where they would see an almost endless succession of meet- ing-houses, in tracts where a few humble-looking habitations, scattered over a wide neighbourhood, give immediate evidence of a thin population and the absence of wealth ? And, if I am not much misin- formed, such proofs of the productive activity of the "Dissenting interest," as it is called, have begun to appear in scores, or rather hundreds, of the thinly- inhabited districts of England; a representation con- firmed by the frequent complaints of clergymen in such localities, that their parishes are becoming de- formed by such spectacles—" nuisances," in the lan- guage of some of them : "schism-shops" is the de- nomination I have oftenest heard. The means for raising these edifices have been contributed by the liberality of Dissenting communities at a distance, for the most part, from the places themselves. And, according to my information, the religious services in many of them are kept up gratuitously, in considera- tion of the poverty of many of the rural attendants, by the extra labours of ministers in the nearest situ- ations, assisted by zealous and intelligent religious laymen, possessing and cultivating a faculty for pub- lic speaking. Now, after such statements, can I hear without mightily marvelling, that on supposition that the Church as an endowed establishment were to fall, the whole resources of its present immense commu- nity, the combination and co-operation of all their opulence, education, and religious zeal—their myriad of accomplished clergymen (not a few of them, by the bye, men of independent property)—their as- cendancy in many ways over the minds of the people —and the possession of all the churches, clear of that incumbrance of debt which, I am told, lies heavy on many of the Dissenting meeting-houses: that all this together would still leave the Church party in hopeless inability and despondence of supporting a Christian ministry in the poorer districts, to save the people from barbarism, practical atheism, or the fana- ticism which they think would be nearly as bad? In my next letter I shall suggest a few considera- tions, more especially applicable to that party in the Church denominated Evangelical. A QUIET LOOKER-ON. 