itie I 0 ui ttfnl iltgeitre., MANDATE OF THE ARCHBISHOP OF, S PARIS. Condemning, the new Treatise on Education, entitled: Eniilius, &c;.'". by J. J. Rousseau, citizen.''ofi Geneva. CHnISTOPHER 'E BE'AUMONT, by the grace of God and by favour of the holy apostolic,see, archbish?p . of Paris, duke' of St. Cloud, peer of France, coni:":, mander of the order of the Holy Ghost, patron. of the..: Sorbonne, &c.; "To 'all the faithful. of our.diocese, health and benediction. St. Paul, my dear brethren, hath foretold that perilous times should come, in which men should be lovers of themselves, proud, blasphemers, unholy, false-accusers, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than God, men of corrupt minds, reprobates con cerning the faith. And in what times hath this pre- diction been more literally fulfilled than in the pre- sent ! Infidelity, encouraged by the passions, presents itself in every shape, in order to accommodate itself in some measure to persons of all ages, characters and conditions of life. Sometimes, in order to insinuate itself into the minds of those who are captivated with trifles, it assumes a light, agreeable and frivolous style: hence we see a numerous tribe of romances, equally impious and obscene, whose sole end is to divert the imagination, with a view to seduce the un- derstanding and to corrupt the heart. Sometimes, assuming an air of sublimity, it affects to recur to the first principles of human knowledge, and pretends to deduce from thence authority for casting off a yoke said to be disgraceful to humanity, even that of Di vinity itself. Sometimes it furiously declaims against religious zeal, and in a rage preaches up universal toleration. And again, sometimes, uniting all the different modes of language, it mingles gravity with mirth, the maxims of purity with those of charity, truth with error, and religion with blasphemy; en- deavouring, in a word, to reconcile light with dark ness, and Christ with Belial. This, my dear brethren, appears in a particular manner the object of a recent publication entitled Emilius, &c.; A writer hath here started up, who, educated in the midst of error, is full of the language of philosophy though no true philosopher : possessed of a multiplicity of know- ledge, which nevertheless hath not served to enlighten his understanding, he hath made use of it to darken the understanding of others; he is given up to para doxes both in opinion and practice, uniting simplicity of manners with ostentation of doctrine, a zeal for ancient maxims with modern novelties, the obscurity of retirement with the desire of being known to the whole world. We have seen his invectives against those very sciences which he himself cultivated : we hear him acknowledge the excellence of the gospel, while he is endeavouring to depreciate its tenets, and see him describing the beauty of virtue, at the same time that he is striving to extinguish the love of it in the hearts of his readers. He hath assumed the pre ceptorship of human kind: in order to deceive them; he hath erected himself into a public monitor, to lead the world astray; and hath played the oracle, of the age in order to complete its destruction. In a former treatise, on the inequality of mankind, he hath re duced man to a level with the brutes; in another production still more recent, he hath insinuated all the poison of inordinate pleasure, under pretence of prohibiting it: and in the present he takes advantage of the earliest moments of life, to establish in the mind of man the maxims of irreligion and infidelity. What a horrid enterprise, my dear brethren! The education of youth is one of the most important ob- jects of the zeal and solicitude of the pastors of the church. We are sensible that, in order to reform the world, as far as the weakness and corruption of our nature will permit, it would be sufficient to observe, under the direction and impressions of grace, the dawnings of human reason, and to direct it in the way that leads to all truth. By such means, the mind, as yet exempt from prejudice, may be put for ever on its guard against error; and the heart as yet a stranger to the violent passions, may receive im pressions of every virtue. But to whom doth it more properly belong, than to us and our fellow labourers in the ministry, thus to watch over the early progress of Christian youth; to furnish them with the spiritual milk of the word, so that they may grow in grace; to prepare them betimes, by salutary exhortations, to be sincere worshippers of the true God, faithful sub- jects to their king, and men worthy to become the support and ornament of their country. Now the author of Emilius, my dear brethren, hath laid down a plan of education, which, so far from being consistent with Christianity is not even calculated to form either good citizens or good men. Under the vain pretence of restoring man to himself, and educating his pupil agreeably to nature, he assumes as a maxim an assertion contradictory not only to the doctrines of religion, but also to the ex perience of all ages and nations. " We lay it down, says he, " as an incontestible maxim, that the first emotions of nature are always right; and that there is no original perversity in the human heart." How contradictory is all this to the doctrines of the Holy 'Scripture and the church respecting the change made in our nature by the fall! In this maxim, we lose sight of that divine ray, which discovers to us the, mystery of our own hearts. Yes, my dear brethren, we find within us a striking mixture of greatness and meanness, of a passion for truth and a love for error, of an inclination to virtue and a tendency to vice: an astonishing contrast, which, disconcerting the pagan philosophers, left them to blunder on in vain specui lations!—a contrast, of which revelation discloses the source, in the deplorable disobedience of our first parents! In consequence of their defection it is, that man finds himself drawn by a fatal tendency to vice; and how is he to resist and stand against, it if his infancy be not conducted by preceptors, replete with attention, virtue, and prudence; and if, during the whole course of his life, he doth not, under the pro tection, and by the grace of God, make continual and forcible efforts against it? Alas! my dear brethren, in spite of the most encouraging promises, and dread ful menaces of religion, the failings of youth are still too .frequent, too numerous! Into what errors, into what excesses, do they not, when left alone, pre cipitate themselves? The 'torrent -breaks in: upon them, in spite of the strongest dykes that may be thrown up to oppose it: what would be the case, *then;oif no obstacle were raised to break its efforts aiid'divert its force? 'The author of Emilius, who professes to be of no religion, points out the way, nevertheless, without designing it, which leads infallibly to true religion. "How shall we," says he, ' who, on all occasions, pretend to cast, off the yoke of authority ; we who pay no regard to opinion ; who would teach our pupil nothing but what he mighlt have learnt himself, in any country; in what religion shall we teach Emilius? To what sect shall we unite the man of nature? The answer appears to me very simple; we shall unite him neither to one nor another, but place him in a proper situation, and qualify, him to make choice of that which the best use of his reason may induce him to adopt. Would to God my dear brethren, this object had; been attained! Had the author really qualified his pupil to make choice of that religion; which the best use of his reason would have induced him to adopt, he would infallibly have prepared him for receiving the doctrines of Christianity. For certain it is, my dear brethren that the light of nature conducts to the light of the gospel, and the duty of a Christian is in deed a reasonabte service.. In fact, if the best use of our reason does not lead us to the Christian revelation, our faith is in vain, and our hope of none effect. But, in what manner, you may say, doth the best use of our reason conduct us to the inestimable blessing of faith, and from thence, to the precious assurance of salvation? It is to reason itself, that we may safely appeal. If we acknowledge a God, our great concern is next to know whether he hath condescended to speak to mankind, in another manner than by the work of nature. To determine this, we must examine if the evidence of the facts, on which revelation is founded, be not superior to all the efforts of the most artful chicanery. Infidelity hath often attempted to invalidate the evidence of these facts, and as often hath been 'con vinced of its impotence. God hath borne witness of himself in the Holy Scriptures, and this testimony is most worthy of belief. What remains, therefore, for a man who makes the best use of his reason, but to acquiesce in this testimony ? It is thy grace, O Lord! which completes this work of illumination; it is that which determines the will, which forms the heart of the Christian; but it is the display of its evidence, 'and the force of its motives, that previously employ and purify the understanding, and in this work, not less noble than indispensable, consists that best use of our reason, which the author of Emilius undertakes to speak of, without having any fixed or certain idea concerning it [After examining and refuting various other funda mental errors in the Treatise on Education by the Philosopher of Geneva, the Archbishop concludes as follows ] We., have -taken notice, my dear brethren, but of a few of the many impieties contained, in this' Treatise. of Education; a work equally meriting the anathemas of the church, and the severity of the laws: and what mnore can be necessary to inspire you with' horror against it? Miserable would it be for you, and un happy for society, if your children were educated in the principles of 'this author. As nothing, but re-' ligion hath taught us to know the nature of main, his. greatniess, his misery, and future destiny, it belongs only to that religion to form. the understanding of youth, to .improve their manners, and to procure for them lasting- happiness both in this life and that which is to come.. We are not insensible, my dear brethren,i how laborious and difficult a task is the work of a truly, Christian education; nor that a very considerable, share of prudence and knowledge is necessary to dis-. chargeit..,Whatan admirable mixtureof good nature and resolution it requires !. What prudence, to adapt' ourselves to all conditions, ages, dispositions and char acters, without departing, from our duty!:what zeal ! what patience ! to nourish in young and tender minds the precious seeds of innocence and virtue'; to root, up, as far as possible, those vicious inclinations which are the sad effects of our original depravity,; and, in a word, to teach them according to St. Paul, to live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world;' looking for that blessed hope, and 'the glorious ap pearing of the great God and ,our Saviour Jesus Ghrist. 'We say, therefore, unto all, those that.are -charged with so important and honourable a function as the education of youth: Plant ye" and water,in the firm hope that the Lord, assisting your endeavours,; will give an increase. Be instant-in season and out of season, according to the directions of the same apostle, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering, and. doctrine. Above all, be careful to unite instruction with example: instruction Without example *is a dis-' grace to the instructor, and :a subject for scandal to him who is instructed. Let the pious and charitable Tobit be our model:', carefully instruct your children, in doing the works of justice, in giving alms, ,in calling to mind the Lord, and in upraising. him at all timesy ii sincerity and with all their might;" and \- your posterity, like that of the holy ,patriarch, will be loved of God and of man. 'But. at.what time ought the education of children to commenced at the first dawn of intelligence and his dawn is sometimes premature. '1 rain up a child. in the way he should go, saith 'the wise .man,- and when he is old, he will not depart. from it. Such is :n fact the ordinary course of. human life, even ii' the midst of licentiousness, and during the empire of the passions, the principles of a Chritian education afford a light which occasionally discovers to the sinner the horror of that abyss into which he is plunged ; and displays the means of his escape.. How many are there, I say again, who, after having spent their youth in vice and libertinism, are brought back by this light into the paths of virtue; and, pur suing, though late, the principles of religion and hu manity, become an honour to themselves and to their country! It remains, my dear brethren, that, in the close of this exhortation, I conjure you by the mercy of God, to attach yourselves inviolably to that holy religion in which you, have had the happiness to be educated; to defend yourselves against the approach of an absurd philosophy, which hath nothing less in view than' to rob you of the inheritance of Jesus Christ, to render his promises void, and to set him on the footing with the founders of those religions, whose ftivolous or pernicious doctrines have proved their imposture. 'The Christian faith is despised, rejected, and insulted, only by those who are ignorant of it, or on whose, irregularities it is too great a restraint. But the gates of hell shall never prevail against it. The Christian and Catholic/church is the. com mencement of the eternal.. kingdom of Jesus Christ-: Nothing is stronger, says St. John Damascene, than the church it is a rock which the waves beat against in vain ; it is a mountain.which nothing can shake. For the foregoing causes, respecting the new trea tise on Education, entitled Emilius, &c.;,: by J. J. Rousseau citizen of Geneva; after consulting with divers persons' distinguished for their learning and piety, and calling upon the name of :the Lord;, we condemn the said book, as containing abominable doctrines calculated to invalidate the principles of natural justice, and to subvert the foundations of the Christian religion: as inculcating maxims contrary to the morality of the Gospel; 'tending to disturb the peace of society, and 'to excite subjects to' revolt against the authority of their lawful sovereigns : as containing a great number of propositions respectively false, scandalous full of rancour against the church and its ministers, derogatory from the respect due to the Holy Scriptures and the traditions of the church, erroneous, impious, blasphemous, and heretical. We,therefore, expressly forbid the inhabitants of our diocese, to read or keep the said book, under the severest penalty of the law. We also direct, that this our Mandate be read in all the parochial churches of-the cityi sulrbs, and diocese of Paris; and also to be published, and affixed wherever it may be judged needful. Given at our Archiepiscopal Palace in Paris. Aug. 20, 1752. (Signed) O P CHRISTOPHER ARCHBISHOP OF PARIS. 