Broughton's Estate. The Tasmanian, of the 13th of March, contains an article on the above subject, in reference to an article, which had pre- viously appeared in our Journal, which, the Editor says, is published for the pur- pose of 'putting the mis- representation to right.' Our readers need not be told, that ' the mis-representation' alluded to by the Tasmanian, is our statement of the case ; and that Journal ' takes the trou- ble' to give a new version of the story, although the Editor declares, that Cap- tain Swanston, (with whom he, the Editor, has not had one word of ' commu- nication on the subject) ! has not the slightest occasion for it, his title being so indisputable, as to render him utterly in- different to newspaper comment on either side.' What the Tasmanian says of Mr. Broughton's occupation at the Custom-house — his obtaining a Conditio- nal Pardon from Governor Sorell — Mr. Humphrey's strong measure, and Mr. Broughton's refusal to give up his Pardon, is substantially true ; and it is true also, that Mr. Broughton was ' ad- vised to prepare for the worst ;' and, ' in reference to apprehended views upon his estate to convey it to Trustees.' It is also true, that he did so convey it to Trus- tees, upon certain trusts ; but it is not TRUE, that 'he vested the ultimate re- mainder in himself ; and this, the Editor of the Tasmanian, being one of the Trus- tees, knows full well. Had he done so— had he reserved the slightest power of revocation, or final disposition of the estate, he would have defeated his own object, as Mr. Sarel, the Barrister, who settled the Trust-deed, explained at the time ; and if ever there were any- thing said or thought about such an in- vestiture of the ultimate remainder in Mr. Broughton, it was in the draft of the former document, which was declared informal and invalid, and in consequence destroyed. We do not say, that even this was the case — it may have been so, and upon that assumption, which we take for the purpose of keeping our contemporary, the Tasmanian, to his place, we declare that there is some reason to believe that such ultimate investiture if it ever existed, was one of the chief inducements to take advantage of the informality of the old Deed, or rather Escrow, in order to sub- stitute a new one, which should be free from any such objection. Of one thing, we are certain, that there is no deed in existence, by which any such 'ultimate investiture' can be shewn. The Trust deed, which is now in existence, and which recites the former died or instru- ment to have been without a date, is a conveyance for ' ever'' of the estate of Bartholomew Broughton to Messrs. Robert. Lathrop Murray and An- drew Bent, as Trustees, appointed for the purposes therein-mentioned, and the only power which it reserves to Mr. Broughton in this — ' In case the said Bartholomew Brough- ton shall, by any writing under his hand, duly attested, request and require the said Robert Lathrop Murray and Andrew Bent, or the survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such survivor, or their or his Assigns, to tell and dispose of the said Hereditaments and Premises, [which he did not ; nei- ther did he leave any posthumous do- cument behind him to that effect], then, and in such case, that they, the said Robert Lalhrop Murray and An- drew Bent, or the survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Adminis- trators of such survivor, or their or his Assigns, shall, and will immediately thereupon, or as soon thereafter as a pur- chaser or purchasers can be obtained, sell, and absolutely dispose of the several Parcels of Land, Messuage, or Tenement, Hereditaments, and Pre- mises hereinbefore granted and released, or intended so to be, either together or in separate Lots, at the best prices which, in the discretion of the said Robert La- throp Murray and Andrew Bent, or the survivor of them, or the Heirs, Execu- tors, or Administrators of such survivor, can be obtained for the same, and to con- vey and assure the same to the purchaser or purchasers thereof respectively, and to receive the purchase or consideration money of the Hereditaments which may be sold, and apply the same in the man- ner hereinafter mentioned, without the purchaser or purchasers being in any wise liable to see to the application, of the said purchase or consideration-mo- ney ; and as to the proceeds of such sale or sales, upon trust, that they, the said Robert Lathrop Murray and Andrew Bent, and the survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such survivor, and their or his Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of, and pay and apply the same in the manner following, that is to say, as to one moiety or clear half-part of such proceeds, to pay the same into the proper hands of the said Bartholomew Broughton or his Assigns, or in such manner as he or they shall, by writing under his or their hand or hands, direct and appoint ; and as to the other moiety or clear half-part of the proceeds of the said sale or sales, to pay, apply, and dispose of the same to and for the use and benefit of the said Malvina Hob- son, in such manner as to the said Robert Lathrop Murray and Andrew Bent, or the survivor of them, or the Heirs, Exe- cutors, or Administrators of such sur- vivor, or their or his Assigns shall seem most conducive to her benefit and advan- tage, without the same being in any any- wise subject or liable to the controul, di- rection, or interference, or the debts or engagements of her present or any future husband, and in case the said Bartholomew Broughton shall depart this life without giving any such direction for sale as afore said [which he did], and upon Trust, that they, the said Robert Lathrop Murray and Andrew Bent, and the survivor of them and the Heirs, Executors, and Adminis- trators of such survivor, and their or his Assigns, shall stand and be possessed of all and singular, the rents, issues, profits, and proceeds of the said Heredi- taments and Premises, and apply and dispose of the same to and for the use and benefit of the said Malvina Hobson during her natural life, [clearly creating a life interest only !] in the manner hereinbefore appointed, for the payment, disposal, and application of moiety of the Rents hereinbefore reserved for her use and benefit during the life of the said Bartholomew Broughton, or until the sale of the said Hereditaments and Premises, and from and immediately af- ter the decease of both of them, the said Bartholomew Broughton and Malvina Hobson, without any such sale as afore- said [namely by the direction of the said Bartholomew Brougkton] then, in trust, that they, the said Robert Lathrop Murray and Andrew Bent, and the sur- vivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such survivor, and their and his Assigns shall stand and be possessed of the said Hereditaments and Premises, to the use of the right Heirs of the said Bartholomew Brough- on and their Assigns for ever.' (! ! !) In this Mrs. Hobson has a clear life interest in the whole property, but nothing further ; and Captain SWANS- TON, notwithstanding his grant from the Crown, can only hold the property so long as she lives. This he knows, or he must be very badly advised ; and, therefore, we presume he refuses to indemnify the various purchasers of the portions of Prospect Estate, which he has sold. But let us look at the foundation of his claim. He buys Mrs. Hobson's interest, which, by the trust-deed, is an interest for life ONLY (which, under all the circumstances, was as much as she could expect), and in order to support his presumed right to an estate in fee, produces. Mr. Brough- ton's Will, which is as follows : — 'I devise and bequeath all my Estate, [which could not include the landed pro- perty before mentioned, all his estate there- in ceasing with his life] witherever it may be, after payment of my lawful Debts, to Malvina Hobson, to and for her own use and benefit, and not to be subject to the controul of her future or present husband. I do hereby appoint her my Executrix of this my last Will.' Such a Will was, we admit, fully suffi- cient to pass an estate in fee, if the devisor had died possessed of one ; but the fact is, that he had, by a previous voluntary act, disposed of the fee-simple of the estates in question ; and, at the time of his death, had no more power to give, devise, or bequeath them to Mrs. Hobson or any other person, than we have, at the time of this present writing, or than he would have had, had he sold them to Messrs. Murray and Bent for £15,000, instead of the nominal valuable consideration of 5s. Here is a stubborn feature, which even the Tasmanian cannot get over, and, in corroboration of our opinions, we cite the following legal opinion, taken in England by Mr. Solicitor Broughton, father of the deceased : — ' The Deed of Settlement executed by Bartholomew Broughton, in this case, is perfectly good and effectual in the law ; for all such Deeds are so, wherever there is a money consideration expressed on the face thereof, however small it may be, and although in truth no money was paid. It was voluntarily binding on Bartholomew Bronghton ; for it has been settled by various cases, that a voluntary settlement binds the party making it, and that he cannot alter it, how much soever he may be inclined so to do, unless there be a power of revoca- tion. That a voluntary Deed once perfected, stands good against the party making it against all subsequent Acts, whether by Deed or Will, though the devise BE FOR THE PAYMENT OF DEBTS ! For the Court ' will not loosen the fet- ters the party hath put on himself, but he must lie down under his own folly.' It is void only as against Creditors at the date thereof ; but satisfy such Creditors, it is good to every other purpose. Under those authorities, it seems clear that Mrs. Hobson can take nothing under the Will of Bartholomew Broughton, except as to the personality, inasmuch as it is inoperative in regard to the reality. Her only interest arises under the Deed of Settlement, and that is an Estate and Interest for life only, with a remainder over after her decease, to the right Heir at Law of Bartholomew Broughton. ' Van Diemen's Land, being a Colony now possessed by the English, is to be governed by the English Laws ; and I apprehend that it will be adviseable in this case for the Heir at Law of Bartho- lomew Broughton, to apply to the Su- preme Court of Equity, in the Settle- ment, to restrain Mrs. Hobson, and her Husband, and the Trustees, from selling the Estate for any longer term than for her own life ; and to have the Deed of Settlement deposited for safe custody in the hands of the proper Officer of the Court : together with all the other prior Title Deeds.- — Boughton v. Boughton, 1st Atkyns, Report 625 — 25, Warrel v. Jacobs, 3, Merrival 271. Villars v. Beamont, 1st Vera,100. Bates v Newton, 1st Vern, 464. 1st Mattocks, Ch.Pr. 210. ' Thomas Walter Williams, Inner Temple, and No. 14, Furnival's Inn, March 2, 1831.' Will any one, after reading the above, say, that the issue of a grant to Captain Swanston was a fair or a legal proce- dure ? Will any one believe the story of the Tasmanian as to our having mis- represented this most flagrant case of wrong doing? We think not. The Editor of the Tasmanian says, HE was never called upon to act by any right fully interested person ! ! ! What a paltry subterfuge ! — a subterfuge of itself sufficient to give a bad appearance to the cause he defends. Because the ' rightfully interested ' person was absent from the Colony, he suffers the strong arm of power to deprive the right heir of his inheritance, and not only refuses to assist his Co-Trustee in resisting the encroachment, but lends his pen to defend an act which it was his sacred duty to resist. How awkward a figure Mr. Murray cuts in the descrip- tion of himself, which he has given ! What a sample of a Trustee ! Oh ! fie ; oh! fie! We could, if we chose, point out a parallel case, which comes within Mr. Murray's own knowledge, of a person, who, ' preparing' for the worst,'' assigned 'his estate ' and who was com- pelled to substitute other fetters before he could loose those which he had put upon himself. Let him think of this, and be wise. — [From a Correspondent.] The above article, from a correspondent, on the subject of Broughton's Estate, is worthy of consideration on public grounds, as it shews the very dangerous system of settling disputed claims, involving the future rights of absent parties, by issuing new Grants from the Crown, which as far as they are good for any thing, will have the effect of destroying, or setting aside previous existing rights. Little as we know of law, we know enough to convince us, that the King himself, has not the right to grant that which belongs to another person ; and if we are not mis- taken, this case was exemplified here, in the case Read v. James. This case of Broughton's is certainly of a most un- paralleled description. Here a Te»nant for life sells the fee-simple of the Estate, whereof the reversion may really belongs according to the opinion of an eminent Counsel, to a person yet unborn ; for although Miss Broughton is now her brother's heir at law, it is possible that she may not survive Mrs. Hobson, and that her descendant, now unborn, may be the heir at law, to whom the reversion may fall. But the purchaser is not satisfied with his title, and to obtain a better, he applies to a tribunal unknown to the law of England, a tribunal that has not the power to compel the attendance of witnesses or to administer an oath. It is true that the claim was finally de- cided by the Executive Counci l; but is it a Court of Law ? It is true, that the Chief Justice is a Member, and that the Council, therefore, has the best legal advice ; But in the case of Innes v. Read, His Honor was a Member of the Council, which ordered the Grant to Mr. Innes ; and he was also Chief Justice, and we think presiding Judge on the trial, when it was decided that Mr. Read was the real Proprietor of the land, which the Council had granted to Mr. Innis. When we consider the disclo- sures made at the Police-office, regarding the case of Walker and O'Connor, we must say, that Mr. Executive Councillor Pedder, in Council Chamber, and Chief Justice Pedder on the Bench, are two very different people — we mean nothing dis- respectful — for no man respects Mr. Pedder more than we do, and no public man in the Colony is more respected than His Honor, though we do not like his opinion on libels — and under all the cir- cumstances of the case, we think that in the face of the reversionary claim, it would have been more decent to have withheld the grant in fee — although after all, the grant will be good for nothing more than waste parchment against the the claim of the heir at law, if that claim be good in itself. And we do think that such proceedings are not calculated to make the administration of justice more respected in the sight of the people. Admitting that the opinion of Mr. Wil- liams be sound law, and that the heir at law has a good claim, which may under the existing laws be established, and Captain Swanston's grant set aside, it is far from being improbable, that fu- ture Crown Lawyers may discover a de- fect in Colonel Arthur's grants, and that it may appear necessary to confirm the titles to land, by passing an Act of Parliament or Colonial Enactment con- firming all Existing grants. This we ap- prehend would be a complete bar to the claim of Broughton's heirs. The new grant being subsequent to all deeds under which they could claim. Is this justice ? We repeat that we have no interest, direct or indirect, in this individual case. We treat it merely as a question of great public interest. There is another part of Broughton's trust estate that has been sold by the life tenant ; but we have heard of no grant being issued for that. Therefore, we do not feel called upon to say any more relating to that portion, which consists of three farms at the Black Brush ; but, we hear, that the estate at New-town, alone, is worth £15, 000, which is a matter worth looking after. ================================ A Fragment on modern Puri- tanism.---The old puritan character must, notwithstanding all its repulsive qualities, ever command respect for its consistency. It was at unify in itself and with its position. Indeed its very sternness and sourness are not to be quarreled with ; for they belong to the principles on which, it was formed and the work which it had to accomplish. 'Its mission was one of antagonism. Puri- tanism with its austerity was the counter- check to despotism with its licentiousness. Great were the errors on both sides, but, generally speaking, the Puritan was of a nobler nature than the Cavalier ; he lived for loftier purposes ; and his exertions led to more useful consequences. He denied himself ; he resisted oppression ; he believed in God and futurity. He might have been a tyrant, but he was a patriot. He might have been a persecu- tor, but he was a martyr. We have had little else but ' double-minded ' men in England since the days of the Puritans. They were, the last great class that lived for a single and public object. To make the English nation the pillar of the true protestant faith, was the hope in which they lived, moved, and had their being. That they contended for political freedom was an accident. Of religious liberty they had no conception. Toleration they held in abomination. Whether Episco- palian or Presbyterian they deemed that God's curse would be on the magistrate for using his authority against their own true religion, and that his blessing would be on the sword drawn in its cause. To the putting down of heresies and heretics they had no objection ; they affirmed it to be the duty of the civil power ; but they were infallibly convinced that theirs was the orthodoxy which that power was bound to enforce. That this country was not reduced to the condition of a proper monarchy is mainly to be ascribed to the resistance of a class of men whose thoughts, feelings, and actions were all pervaded by the determination to make England substantially what the Scottish called a ' covenanted people.' They did not accomplish their purpose ; but they foiled that of the Stuarts. The end of their being was answered, and they withered away, The race is ex- tinct. Not only have they no legitimate representatives, but none have arisen like unto them for single-mindedness. All our great parties, political and religious, have flaws in their composition. In the devotion of Tories, pocket shares the ho- mage with prerogative. The age of loy- alty has followed, that of chivalry into the great gulf. Whiggism is avowedly the creature not of principle but of com- promise. The Radicals are, most of them, simply strenuous objectors. — Dis- sent is a rope of sand, and the Church only exists in the Clergy. When next there shall be a body of men banded together like the Puritans by a vital principle, we may safely predict that some great change in the state of society is at hand. Same think they see the embryo of such a body in the Trades' Unions.— But the principle is not yet found.-— There is only a groping desire for the at- tainment of good, or rather for the re- moval of intolerable evil. Samson is feeling for the pillars ; but as yet he nei- ther rests nor destroys. In all our re- forms, changes, aspirations, there is a lack of defined and ultimate purpose.— We take down confusedly ; and build, when we build at all, irregularly. The age awaits some master-spirit to guide the work of renovation. The ghost of St. Simon is laid, and the body of Bentham is devoid of animation. On whom will the divine afflatus descend ? — Sunday Herald. Grand Billiard Match for Five Thousand Pounds Aside. — It seems after a great deal of disputation, a match has at length been made between two first-rate players, to play a rubber of five games, one thousand up, each for five thousand a-side. The match is to come off at the Athenoeum, in St. James's-street, on one of Thurston's splendid Petrosian Tables ; which has been made for the above match, under the imme- diate protection of a first-rate Corinthian artist, who stands nearly the whole of the stake on one side. We presume the reason for having the match at the Athencoeum is not only because the proprietors of that club stand a considerable sum in the stakes, but they expect, no doubt, that the match will create a great sensation, and cause other speculations perhaps more hazar- dous. East India Coinages. — The total value of the coinage at the four mints, Calcutta, Benares, Furukhabad, and Saugur, for the period of thirty-one years, has been 53,322,000. now refused to pay one farthing of his subscription ; and we know also, that several other subscribers are like-minded, unless the road be carried quite through to Brown's River. So much for official ' candour' and veracity. Then again, 'the Government happen' to have a large portion of labor at its command, and as Colonel Arthur and Mr. O'Con- nor 'happen' to have property in the vicinity, a road has been opened between Oatlands and Little Swan Port. Now the beauty of this is, that the principal settlers reside at Great Swan Port, which is.diyided from Little Swan Port by 'the Rocky Hills,' which are some three miles in extent, and which are nearly impracticable for a horse, and even hazardous for foot passengers. In addi- tion to this tremendous barrier, they have to travel some twelve miles further to the Little Swan Port River, and from thence they take Mr. O'Connor's road to Oat- lands, which they reach in some forty- five miles, and are then as far from Hobart Town as when they sat out from Little Swan Port. Thus Mr. Amos, for, instance, will have to travel twelve miles to Waterloo Point, thence thirteen to Buxton's Beach (that is supposing he does not break, his neck in crossing 'the Rocky Hills' making twenty-five- thence twelve! miles to the river, thirty seven— along Mr. O'Connor's road forty-five miles to Oatlands, eighty-two, and from thence to Hobart Town, fifty, in all, one hundred and thirty-two miles, while, at the same time, by the proper line which could be opened at as little expence as the one from Oatlands— the distance would not exceed one hundred miles. We may not be exactly correct as to the length of Mr. O'Connor's Oat- land's line, but be it less, or be it more than what we have stated, i. e. 45 miles, it is its whole length (minus about five miles) put of the way. A more infelici- tous reference than this could not have been made to show how ' mindful' the Government had been of ' the interests of the Swan Port people.' The projected junction of the Richmond and Swan Port districts, and the projected opening of the line between Waterloo Point and Little Swan Port, are, indeed, something better, or rather they will be, if ever the Inspector of Roads pleases to comply with the ' desire' of the Government, which has been intimated to him,' that such lines should be opened. Then again, to talk about water communica- tion is as absurd as it is a wilful evasion of the question. In, the first place, Swan Port is, for the most part, a grazing set- tlement, very little more grain being grown than is sufficient to supply its local demands ; and in the next place, the pas- sage between there and Hobart Town, is nearly as hazardous, and frequently as long, as between Hobart Town and Syd- ney, independent of which, the Bay itself is totally unfit for vessels of any burden to lay in—a tremendous surf runs upon the beach with the least wind, and the water, is so shallow that it is ten to one that even a whale-boat gets swamped in attempting to push off when there is any surf. Press of other matter compels us to defer the rest of our intended comments on the Governor's reply till next week. ============== Competition in Trade.— We have lately heard that a great hue any cry raised 'by the small dealers, with which the town now swarms, against a few en- terprising individuals, who, having em- bodied largely in retail business, have commenced a system of ready-money dealing, at reduced prices, so as to afford to the Public an opportunity of procuring the necessaries of life at the cheapest possible rate. These persons are charged by smaller dealers, who, from the opera- tion of various causes, such as small capital, having to pay heavy rents, cir- cumscribed business, &c.; &c.; are pre- cluded from selling so low, with 'ruin- ing the trade,' and an attempt has, in consequence, been made to create a pre- judice in the public mind against the large dealers. It cannot be denied, that the trade of the small and extortionate dealers has been greatly injured by the extensive speculators, but as the consump- tion has thereby been encouraged, the trade of the Colony generally has been benefitted, if any alteration has been effected. The Public, who are the con- sumers, have been essentially benefitted, as the prices of consumable articles have been so considerably reduced that many familes can now procure some of the com- forts, and even the luxuries of life, whose slender means would, a short time since, barely afford their actual necessaries. The number of persons who are thu benefitted by the competition in trade is so extensive, that any injury which may result to the smaller dealers is more than overborne by the greater advantages de- rived by the Public ; and, therefore, in place of censure, those enterprising indi- viduals, who have been the means of so materially reducing the prices, merit the public approbation. We say this in com- mon, fairness, and consider, that if the parties who have been so industriously circulating the prejudicial reports con- cerning the large dealers, and attributing to them impure motives, will but give the matter one moment's serious consideration, they will themselves be convinced, if they do not admit, that competition has not injured the trade of Van Diemen's Land in general. It is the absence of compe- tition which has enabled a few to mono- polize the whole trade for so long a period, and thereby to amass immense fortunes at the public expense ; and, therefore, we must say, that as a public question, we rather approve than otherwise of the con- duct of the large retail dealers— but if not, how can it be prevented? A man has a right to do as he pleases with his own capital, and we should deem it a principle of the grossest injustice to interfere with the operations of any dealers, much more those whose, liberality induces them to supply the Public with the articles of daily consumption at the most reasonable prices possible. All monopolies are bad certainly, but it cannot be called a mono- poly when a trader secures a large busi- ness by selling at moderate prices. Tea. — The price of this article has fallen 50 per cent, during the last six months. Mr. Bent is now selling it at 1s; 9d. a pound, or £5 per chest, which is actually 5s. a chest lower than some of the importers demand by the fifty or one hundred chests. The ' Franklin' knows what he is about, and bears in mind the good old proverb of 'poor Richard,' that ' a nimble nine-pence is better than a slow shilling.' Sugar. — The great importations of this article which have recently been made will, we understand, prove of serious disadvantage to several speculators. This comes of attempting to monopolize an article when scarce in the market ; those who do so must not complain of their losses. The Family Market.— after lay- ing out a large sum of the public money in erecting a Market-place quite out of the way as regards the population of the town, but close to the valuable Cottage Green estate of Colonel Ar- thur, we do not wonder that the Autho- rities should have found very great diffi- culty in persuading, or even in compel- ling any person to go there for the pur- poses of buying or selling. We believe Mr. M'Lachlan and Mr. Kerr were only induced to pass, without protest, the New Market Act, and the vote for its erection by the sacrifice of some of the compulsory clauses, indeed, we under- stood the people were at liberty to buy and sell the necessaries of life without going to the Cottage Green Market. But we have not an opportunity of refer- ring to the Act, and we hear that the Janizaries are busy at work every Market day seizing carts and everything that is offered for sale in the streets— but they have gone beyond that, they have done what is only done in one or two of the most enslaved towns in Asia—they have absolutely seized the bakers' barrows going round with bread to their custo- mers because they did not take it for sale to Colonel Arthur's market. It is true, that Mr. Mason did not fine the owners nor send them to gaol, he only REPRIMANDED and ADMONISHED ! ! ! them— reprimanded and admonished them — yet this is a British Colony ; free Englishmen have to submit to this. If we had a bit of fire, and a door to keep out the piercing. cold at night, the inside of the walls is almost as free as the outside, only that the people outside can go away and seek freedom in another country — New Zealand, or anywhere, rather than endure what they are now brought to. The Drama.— Theatricals are im- proving with us. Pizarro has had a long and successful run ; and we may say, no piece has been better played. To men- tion the performers individually, would be invidious ; all do their best, and are therefore all alike praiseworthy. The new Theatre is getting on apace— the outer walls being in a state of great for wardness. When that building is erected, the talent of our little company will ap- pear to better advantage ; and we hear, that between this and then, a strong rein- forcement of performers are expected England. We had hoped that Mrs. Taylor would have returned to this Co- lony— we feel her loss, for Mrs. Clarke, although a favourite, certainly will not bear a comparison with that accomplished, lady, either as a vocalist, or an actress. Theatre of Arts.— The new series of this exhibition is certainly highly creditable to the proprietor, and shews at once, good taste, great ingenuity, and a desire to please. In spite of the se- veral defects which are apparent to the rigid critic, but which are the result of circumstances over which the Proprietor no controul, the entertainments cannot fail to please ; and we must say that the undertaking deserves support. To give any detailed account of the exhibition would perhaps be out of place. It is simple in itself — simple in its pre- tensions, and therefore headed, by a simple notice, Suffice it to say, that no person who takes any interest in painting and mechanism, can fail to be recompensed for the trouble and time which it will cost them to visit it. The Storm at Sea is frightfully real. This exhibition is well adapted for these families whose principles preclude amuse- ments of a dramatic nature. Here there is no assumption of character, no exhibi- bition of vice— all is machinery and colouring, and the allusion is admirable. The WEATHER--The great and al- most unprecedented drought of the pre- sent season will, we fear, be the means of creating a considerable scarcity of corn next; season. At present we learn there is scarcely an acre ploughed. This is a serious affair, for if we have not rain, and plenty of it, there is a great chance of another scarcity ensuing next year. 