EXTRACTS. IIINTON'S TOPOGRAPHY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. The advocates of the liberties of America, proceeding and during the period of con- test, appear to have been fully aware of the real state of the question ; that their views were just, is testified by the a'most unanimous concurrence of all enlightened statesmen of the present day. When Charles Townshend, at the conclusion of one of his speeches in favour of the right of the British parliament to tax the colo- nies, exclaimed " And now with these Americans, planted by our care, nourished by our indulgence until they are grown to a degree of strength and importance, and protected by our arms-will they grudge to contribute their mile to relieve us from the heavy burden we lie under ?" Colo- nel Barre replied :-" They planted by your care ! No, your oppression planted them in America They fled from your tyranny, to a then uncultivated and in- hospitable country, where they exposed themselves to almost all the hardships to which human nature is liable, and among others, to the cruelties of a savage foe the most subtle, and I will take upon me to say, the most formidable, of any people upon the face of God's earth ; and yet, actuated by principles of true English li- berty, they met all hardships with pleasure, compartid with those they suffered in their own country, from the hands of those who should have been their friends. They nourished by your indulgence ! They grew by your neglect of them. As soon you began to care about them, that care was exercised in sending persons to rule them in one department and another, who were deputies of deputies to some mem- bers of this house, sent to prey upon them ; men, whose behaviour on many occasions bas caused the blood of many of those sons of liberty to recoil within them ; men promoted to the highest seats of justice, somô of whom, to my knowledge, wore glad by going to a foreign country, to es- cape being brought to a bar of justice in their own. They protected by your arms ! They have nobly taken up arms in your defence, have exerted their va'our, amidst their constant and laborious industry, for tho defence of a country whose frontiers were drenched in blood, while its interior parts yielded all its litt'e savings to your emolument. And believe me, that same spirit of freedom which actuated that peo- ple at first will accompany them still." The immediate and exciting causes of the spirit of opposition to the government were two-fold ; the rigorous execution of the navigation laws, which destroyed a most important and profitable, though con- traband and illegal trade ; and the asser- tion by the British parliament of its right to tax the colonies. The latter so speedily followed the former, and afforded so pre- ferable a ground on which to make a stand, that the navigation laws were seldom ex- hibited as one of the chief grievances ; although, had not the stamp act and other similar measures been brought for- ward, the laws affecting the trade of the colonies would inevitably have excited the same opposition. The attempt to hold a people, circum- stanced as were the American colonists, under the legislation of Great Britain, was as irritational as it was unjust. Fi- nancial embarrassment called forth the er- roneous policy into action, which, as often happens in private life, deeply aggravated the evil it was designed to remedy : and the attempt to wring a few thousands per annum from the colonists, terminated in plunging Great Britain in debt, and in depriving her of an immense territory, which, under a just and liberal manage- ment, might still have continued one of the most illustrious appendages of the Bri- tish Crown. A FRAGMENT ON MODERN PURITAN- ISM.-The old puritan character must, notwithstanding all its repulsive qualities, ever command respect for its consistency. It was at unity in itself and with its posi- tion. Indeed its very sternness and sour- ness are not to be quarrelled with ; for they belong to the principles on which it was formed and the work which it had to ac- complish. Its mission was one of antago- nism. Puritanism with its austerity was the countercheck to despotism with its li- centiousness. Great were the errors on both sides, but, generally speaking, the Puritan was of a nobler nature than the Cavalier; he lived for loftier purposes; and his exertions led to more useful con- sequences. He denied himself; he re- sisted oppression ; he believed in God and futurity. He might have been a tyrant, but he was a patriot. He might have boen a persecutor, but he was a martyr. We have bad little else but "double- minded" men in England since the days of the Puritans. They were the last great class that lived for a single and public object. To make the English nation the pillar of the true Protestant faith, was the hope in which they lived, moved, and had their being. That they contended for political freedom was an accident. Of religious liberty they had no conception. Tole- ration they held in abomination. Whether Episcopalian or Presbyterian, they deemed that God's curse would be on the magis- trate for using his authority against their own true religion, and that his blessing would be on the sword drawn in its cause. To the putting down of heresies and here- tics they had no objection ; they affirmed it to be the duty of the civil power; but they were infallibly convinced that theirs was the orthodoxy which that power was bound to enforce. That this country was not reduced to the condition of a PROPER MONARCHY is mainly to be ascribed to the resistance of a class of men whose thoughts, feelings, and actions were all pervaded by the determination to make England substantially what the Scottish called a " covenanted people.' They did not accomplish their purpose ; bul they foiled that of the Stuarts. The end of their being was answered, and they withered away. The race is extinct. " Not only have they no legitimate representatives, but none have arisen like unto them for single-mindedness. All our great parties, political and religious, have flaws in their composition. In the devotion of Tories, pocket shares the homage with prerogative. The age of loyalty has followed that of chivalry into the great gulf Whiggism is avowedly the creature not of principle but of compromise. The Radicals are, most of them, simply strenuous objectors. Dissent is a rope of sand, and the Church only exists in the Clergy. When next there shall be a body of men banded to- gether like the Puritans by a vital prin- ciple, we may safely predict that some great change in the state of society is at hand. Some think they see the embryo of such a body in the Trades' Unions. But the principle is not yet found. There is only a groping desire for the attainment of good, or rather for the removal of in- tolerable evil. Samson is feeling for the pillars ; but as yet he neither rests nor destroys. In all our reforms, changes, aspirations, there is a lack of defined and ultimate purpose. We take down con- fusedly ; and build, when we build at all, irregularly. The age awaits some master- spirit to guide the work of renovation. The ghost of St. Simon is laid, and the body of Bentham is devoid of animation. On whom will the divine afflatus descend ? —Sunday Herald. BACKWOODS OF AMERICA CONVERSA- TION.-What is the Land? " Bogs."-The Atmosphere? "Fogs."-What did you live on ? " Hogs."-What wero your draught animals ? " Dogs."-What did you build your houses of? " Logs." Any fish in the Ponds? " Frogs."-What did you find the women ? "Clogs."-What did you travel by ? " Moggs." 