1CNGLrSH EIX'ItRACTS, \- co---- ;Speech of Mr. EwArT, M. P. at a Re .form I)inner at Liverpool, January 14/th, 1.835. Mr. EwWAnT rose,- and addressed. thd colmpiany After some observations, in a light and pleasant'strain, he said he would turn into' a more serious sbhject. 'Since we last met (said' the honourable gentle man) the election has been kindling, as it were throughout the country. Thank God, the cause of-national- reform has triumphed (much cheering). I heartily congratulate you on the ascendancy it has acquired. It is undisputed by our opponents. Two re formn members have been returned at Man chester, two at Nottinghlam, two at %Vol. verhallmpton, two at Sheflield, two at Bath, and no fewer than sixteen by the._great metropolis itself (loud cheers). These facts'I think, gentlemen, affurd no unfair criterion of that which is the feeling of the intelligent and 'respectable portion of the community. W hat llis" Majesty's Minis ters may say of this demonstration of pub lie opinion I cannot tell ; but if they still continue in place, they will remind me, as "they have remtineled us, of a passage in "that admirable novel, '' The Vicar of Wake field." After mntay calamities had befiallen the Vicar's'fcniily, after they lºhad.incurred inany serious reverses of fortune, ndll were pIrettyv much in the situation of the present t Miiiistrv, one of the chapters 'commences t with; this_ announcement--' -"he family still resolve on htlding up their heads" (much laughter and cheering). T'his 1 suppose, gentlemen, is now the magnani- f mnous.resolution ofhis IMajesty's Ministers. t I think it a 'iiost mistaken and fallacious one (hear, hear'!). The time is approach .ing' when your representativ es will be called upon to do their duty, to judge of c those Miiaisters by the very criterion which s they have themselves .chosen to bejudged ý by-?by men, not measutes ; and if it comes Y to that, I must say that 1, for one, shall n openly and without 1-esitation, ras 1 have L told you before, vot. at once for-tfrning t them out (enthusiastic cheering). What 11 is the 'use, gentlemen, of concealing or compromiisiug our opinions ? 'that is my c opinion of what ought to be clone with the - present Ministry (renewed cheering). "I \--..--.have-always- acted on my opinions with - the greatest and deepest respecet for you, and if thle time should come t hen I cannot 4 honestly exercise my opinions in accord- I ance with your town, I must say .that you -cannot -do better :than adopt the max-ian which I have ventured to suggest, and turn me out also (cheers). I have no wish to continue your representative should our opinions begin to disagree ; for I honestly I: tell you that I will maintain my own opi-. nions. I should not be worthy being your ,representative did I not do so ; it is your f -duty, if you do not coincide with me, to remind mie of my promise, and I will not hesitate to acquiesce [cheers]. Gentlemen t the Ministers. who Iave just siped lo ward into power, have taken their stand on d two or three intelligible principles. They a ,have said-Ist, with respect to l)issenters, f \- that they will not go onwards, but will fall . backwardls on the -w?jected- bill-of-last-ses .I sion. Is this a fit commencement fora f Mitlistry professing reform ''The last Ministry was obliged to proceed further than that Bill-to proceed' as far, in fact, - as jus'ice, required ; this Ministry recedes to the position.froa .which the former Mi- i uistry advanced, and how then can this step satisfy the claims of justice or the _ callsfoLiublc opinion ? 'The last Minis try took its stand on the Bill introducefl b my honourableTriend, the late, I hope the t future member-for South Lancashire, Mr. - Wood [here the-company rose,--and- mani fested their feelings towards the Liberal candidates for 'the county by the most a hearty plaudits]. They took their stand on Mr. Wood's 'Bill, which provided for the free admnission of all the subjects of the King to the national universities [cheers). - This Ministry refuses to go so far; how. then-is it possible that-they can -stand in pulblic olpinion, when they-recede in this I most imtportint measure-- a'measure I will venture to say, which excites feelings of , a~storish mein tinth-e-reaSV Of fee-yf- -. reigner that it should-still remain a ques d tion in--England [hear, hear !]-which not only tree nations have adopted as a neces-~ sary and justnmeasure, but which scarcely L ,a single despotic government in Eurole -. would--refuse [loud cheers] ? Again,we are told by Sir Rolwrt Peel in his addresst that on that most important subject, municipal reform, he has not yet made his final resolution. -[Hlear, hear].- lIe says that an .enqtiiry is going on, and ___tliat when that enquiry is iinished, the sub iect should have his mature considerationt -[Ihuighter, andiear, iear ] Now, gen tlemen, it surely was not too much to exlpect tliat Sir Robert, if he had not made i up hlisimind on-the-details df the-mniici Spal reform, would at least have -fixed his 1principles as'to the general outline of the measure, and have told us at once whether: heintended to give us a free representative system or not [heiar; hear!]. On another most imnportant sufbjectSir Robert abstain i from-speallg rig . le does not.say " I pm I enquiring and will constier is at once, on the great question of ecIsI- I asticalreform, " 1 have not evgn enquired into it at all" [hear-h·ear !]. Geitlenmen, is, this satisfactory [cries of-No, no.] ? Yet, I amn sorry to say, that he seems to have not ob;ly conrisidered, but decidtled on one portion of this mnost- inportitnt subject--I mean ecclesiabtical reform in Ireland ; he seems to have made ut, his mrindt, and de Icla'retld it, contrary to the oiniton of the most eminent English divines-conitrary to that of Paley, contrary to that of the constitutional IIallam, that the church of ...hemllnoritv may be the -establishedl church \- of a c·ontr·y-· tieypers-deternrined - to vitldieante this-iiiiiin-fffid-p1itidal mnitim in Ireland (loud cries of hear, hear !).Gen ,lemetf ate the melanchoily scenes which have uso long pervaded that afflictled coun try never to find cessation or repose (hear, Shear !) I Are we still to see the military executing the stern decrees of the laws ? Are we still to see the.peoplle assetting ngainst their &,pprescors the savage justice of revenge (hear, hear) ? Are'we still to see women made husbandless, and un conscious children fatherless, in order that tithes nmay be .preserved (loud cries of N" o, no'" and much cheering)'? Are the scenes of devastation, scenes of murder, to continue ? Or, is the blazing cottage still to shed tenfold horror on the dreariness of the lonely heath'? No; these things, gen. tlemen, in the name of good government, in the name of religion, must not be. At such scenes, " religion, blushing, veils her sacred fires," and relinquishes the cause of ascendancy, as not the cause of genuine religion (cheers). We have been told again and again, that Conservatism is the only safeguard of property. Ah, gentlemen, in my opinion, there is a wide d'fl'rence between Coniervalism & conserralwon. But, gentlemen, who are the persons that thus cry out for the security of property ? Who have been the great agitators during the last three months (hear! ) ? On any faith, gentlemen, I think I bestow on the present Ministry an epithet not unworthy of them, wlhen I c all them the ' agitr.ting 'Ministry.' \Vas not all around us calm ? Did not the most profound serenity reign throughout the country ? Who, then, ilrst called the storm into action ? Who first rultled the s!umbering surface of tTi? ?eep ? Wh , not only those who advise 'his Majesty to dismiss the Ministry, but those who, b) their subsequent conduct, have sanctioned that proceeding (loud cheers). lie who conlirms an act by his subsequent apprc - bation str.nds in the samne condition as the originator of the act ; lie might have stood forward and disavowed it, but ha accepts the deed which has been done, and there fore he is etqually responslile fr- thle cona sequences (cries of " Hear, hear !"). Gentlemen, if ever there was 'anything conltrary to the principles of genuine Con servatism-contrary to the sucurity of propierty--it is, aast lli'tve-of bin said, and will now maintain, the continua:nce of abuses (loud cheers). Thii has always bects the fertile sour. e of disorder, the frinnary cause of revolution (hear, hear !) \What caused the thirty years wvar in Germany ? The denial of justice. What caused the separation of the Netherlands from Spain,-what caused the French Re volution,-whatcacuted the second revolu lion in I rance,-what caused-the rebellion in 1England,-=what c'iusc'd the separation pf the North Anierican Colonies from Great li/itiin,-wlhat was. it. but the denial of justic,_ and the refusal of just reforms (loud -?l e-rs.?) "Geitrllerti-n; we ltherefore maintain that we are the real Conservators, We will not dispute about the title Conser vative, but leave that to be monopolized by the celebrated club in .London (loud cheers). The names of Reforumers will go down to posterity as those of the real friends of property and order. - Farewell 'o the superannuated dreams of intercsted polit'cians-the ghosts of past ages raised to scare the common :nse and reason of =thn present i We dii ..... nn " p;ur; dox as that justice .is inconsistent with safety (loud cheers). The reforms asked for by the people of England are real, prac tical, rational reforms. 1 defy any. man to tlisprov t hi-t aei' -tre niot-citt'sistent Wi ra? justice- uitlh the interests of the people of the Crown-of every order of the State (cheers). W'hether it be freedom of trade -whether it be religious liberty- whether it be the extension oif education-whether. it be the right of the peop!le tootVit' indL pendently-on whatever subject we touch, the refi.rms now demuanded are reasonable :,nd just (loud cheers). Th'le IHonourable Gentleman, after some f?urter observa tions, in the same spirited and vigorous style, prolposed T' The-health of Earl Grey and the members of both H.ouses-ofPl'ar litament, to whose exertions the country is mainly indebted for the l[eformn Bill." A child under the rod is always told, but never convinced, thaat it is all for his good. 'lThe Church under the shaldow of Iteform, receic.s thIe sname sort of assurauce ; but like tihe child, at-will not bl e piersuaded, antl kicks and roars lustily, There are already signs of the rising wrath of the Clergy; and, as some one has observed, the 1) m akcs- a t.hnureI T-mi." nnger;-?. ' 'rcl n danger." At a Tory dinner at nBarnstnle. the Rev. Archdeacon IB.taISET poured fonth the trou bles of-his mind. " Certainly (said he):;pt no peuiod within the nlelory of those around us, lnave tile clergy of the Chuirch -fifEligland-'been nmnre- zealous, a-e-have more..actively ;applied thlenmaselvs to tlheir sacred dlu ties, than at ihe present. [apliliause.J' Hut, gentle menc, we are fallen onl tiltlns when you' exertions and oliurtsar Itml nllerii.nsly c;alleli for. N?ler was the Establishcd lChurch brought to so aWfull a crisis as at this ilinicnt. Tile next few nmonths clanntiot p.ss withllut sonle clhanges being effected, and, in llfact, the point deternmined whether we- slhall have an ..-.lis hd -Ch urcl-or-ni, {?llutd oL-- , tlie who cosnatitute eitlhiat Church, of which we are tilt ministers, sihalll, as I fleel. assured ycdl will, do your duty, and we, tmhe clergy do ours, 1 tan confidcnt it will te illlossible for any Mlinistry, lihowcever much they'may threaten iti to overthrow-that Establish-: tllent." The good gentleman is troubled with inin'fears. 'Who threatens to--verthrow the Establishment ? Who imnagines that the point will be mooted, muchl less deter iiiinetl, whether, we shall have an Estlab lished Chlllrtch or not ? fIlow Iprellpared iiin-t ltlre-Ci-rgy he for Rclrrfnrl, when tile bare idea.oif it, and from friendly hands, fillsthemwnivh such unireasonli'le aid wild allirehcensions ! " 1eaven and eartht! are coming together," crid. Swift's sYpider. whea tihe broom allpproacml ed its .obweb. Yet Archdeacon Bieinteh'as his own no tions'of Reform, and promises to lend his assistance to nachang, irjovided thie doc trines and proplerty of the Church are lire served invio!ate. Nay; lie goB'es farther, and ldeclarecs his anxiety to co-operate in any plan " to nmake the payments have 'd ,ereater degres of cerlainty," and to render Sthe collecting less vexatious : It. Gentlemen, there areubtl-s?great'thla~ge-tdi hg matde. On -ac-ulttofth- ii'i ;acnger, I now v'isit thi? town, to ueet smiy brLtlhr'cn; and I trust, we nshall conviun'ce you' that ve shall not be back, ward in rendecling our seiices to such chlanges-as mayy be find -sound atind- practicable, if i, those changes, the doctrines of our Churlch, fouluilcd on ecverlasting tlthl, are kept inviolate, and our pro pert)', lioweur imuch it mnay excitethe envy of others, trt'se'r ed invioltiuc, aantd applied to the salcrtl plurposes Ior lhich it was originally ivoa. In that prcparty, you are aware, tlu lay bouy of t?:e Chturc are inltiuately coucrncrd; but if anything ian be dune to make the playments arising from it have a greater degree of certainty, or to render the nmode of collecting less grievous or vexatious, we should be most anxious and'ready to co-operate." There is something very touching in that desire for the inviolability of the Church ifrojperty, "' however much it may excite the envy of others." It reminds one of that passage in the Duenna, where Fa. ther Paul, as he munches his cake and drinks his wine, so edifyingly observes upon the gluttonious longings and sinful envy of the lay brother. We thus see that the .injuýg t ion against covetousness has been obs-r'ved with such extraordinary effect,.that the Church is a cause of covet ousness in others.' As for the Archdeacon's stipulation, that the Church property should be'applied to the sacred purposes for which it was ori ginally given, few will refuse to assent to it ; the question is, whether the original purposes were to provide a few favoured gentlemen- with fine houses, handsome equiiages, and luxurious tables ; fortunes for their sons in the dragoons, and livings for those quartered on the Church, and portions for their daughters who dance at Alhnacks. 'I he question is, we repeat, whether these, or such as these, ae the p.outs uses ? \1'ith respect to the Dissenter's gricy. anctes, our reverend Archdeacon Is wonder fully liberal. There is nothing he will not concede to them, provided only it does not interfere with- the interests of the Church ; but then the misfortune is, that the Arob deacon finds the vital interests of the Church opposed even to so small a concee.. sion as the admission of Dissenters to the hJutculrs_sýli, privileges of the Universities, WVhile he declares this, he takes occasion to lament, that with such feelings (as. he gives evidence of) towards the Di-sentcrs, they have not reciprocated. The -Archdeacon-then -proceeds to the somewhat startling demonstration ; that the admission of Dissenters to the priti leges from which they are cut off in the Universities, would be fatal to Christianity, inasmuch as the education of the Clergy in a place exclusively appropriated for it, is, in hi's opinion, " the mieans of keeping Christianity, alive in this land." The lev. Archd.eacon\ proceeded in this mild and moderate train of-reasoniing against the ad miiission-6f-Dissenters, emphatically avows his anxiety that Christianity " may be toler aled;" which he evidently thinks would not be the case if Dissenters obtained a footinig -in-the Universities '1-his semi tnent, most remarkably- illustrates the Christian spirit which is nursed in some reverend breasts by the boasted exclusive system. \'e quote the passage, as one of the curiosities of the 19th century : " With res ,ect to other grievanccs that are said to cxist -and I miore iparticularly allude to those by which our l)isseiiting brethren aire ilfected,-there is nothing we would not concede, so far as their civil di.sabilities ;m e concerned, l) orided it does not interfere with the interests of the Established Clhurch. With such feelings towards them, I could harve?i?wed-to-,av-seee-di~pt4 d-trte4fendtly feelings towards ius; but it is with pain I perceive the hostile feeling and rancorous hostility towards the Established Chulch which is exhibited at this tile. I ;t the ilUlne i, ailned, bhec.ise I am con vinced that that hostility does not arsec fi'om mire religious scruples - oniec Imatterst fLeu-uc uclc-,ie -. -tihe oppositton of the present day partakes nor'e of political and party fee inc. Th'ere is, hIowa.er, one claim minade by the Dissenters, which I hope w:ll never l- e conecded,-l nmean their admission to the honours and privileges of our English I niversi ties. l-ibject to this, not so much tor the purluolse of keeping up party di-ti;ctiuls, hut because I e lieve that the --education- of-our-- cle gy.-iu- a -place exclusively apjpropriated for it, is tie means of keeping alive Christianity in this laud. I believe that if all religious points of doctrine were done away with in the Luiversities, there would be iio -Christian Education whatever! [hear, hear.] -We lao niiottiid-iu rthlway-of-religious-instruction- - our lalouurs in our several iarises prove that we are desirous of extending it ; but we do feel anxious that Christianity and the religion -of our foefathers may be tolerated. I true. therefore, that in the contest it which we are engaged, you will keep ii view the necessity' of an Established Church for the pui pose of utainutining Christianity and sound feeling among us. It is said in the pages of ever lasting truth, that Christianity shall never fall ; but with sorrow we .may say, that we can look around us and see places where the banners of the cross once ulnfurled, and waved triumphlantly, where the Christian iany walk amidst d;arkuess and ignorance; this lhas arisen hb their fidling off fromi religion, there'V causing tie increase of vice.indl the growth of infidliitv. lie (thle l1ev. Gentleni~i, -lowsevuer, hoped thlat EnglanIId would never be reducneed to that state, or be intlncedl, ulider any circ'umnstances, to depart frolm thl.ose prinlciplles which had so long prcser~cadiL;-for.. iwa ?..iase. rt that Piri-ri deuue- nevcr-desertedttlhst-ChlriStla annhudlu-whic never tamipered with the prinrciples of Christianity.'" The I)isseniters are less insulted than Christianity by these disgraceful remarks. VWhat must be the systemt of pitionage in which the utterer of such narrow and bigoted -opinions hasifound- preferment S-The insproved liberality of the Church, and its disposition to conicur is ain efficient measure of Reform, have latelX been miuchl vaunted. Are we to accept Archtleacoh Barnes as a specitnlu ?- llorn. Chronicle. 