TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sydney; Feb.23, 1835. Sir, - I request you will do me the favour to insert the accompanying correspondence under the head of Religious Intelligence, in the next number of your pa- per. It originated in a passage in the 5th chapter of the 2nd vol. of my recently published Account of this colony, in which the Rev. Mr. Marsden con- ceives there has been a considerable degree of misre- presentation relative to a transaction which occurred in Sydney so long ago as the year 1810, and in which himself and the Rev. Mr. Crook of the London Mis- sionary Society were concerned. Mr. Crook's letter, which forms part of the correspondence subjoined, will prove to every candid reader, that my account of the transaction in question was as fair and candid a one as could possibly have been given. I shall therefore refrain from saying a single syllable on the subject, with the exception of merely observing, that the calling in question of Mr. Crook's standing as a minister of the Gospel at this late hour of the day, appears to me rather ungracious on the part of any colonial minister of the Church of England, as every such minister cannot but be aware that until very recently the qualifications for the office; even of an Epis- copal chaplain in these colonies, were not supposed to include a regular clerical education. Mr. Crook it is true, was never ordained as a minister of the Church of England, although he received salary for acting in that capacity in this colony during the in- surrectionary Government of 1808. Neither was he ever ordained as a minister of the Church of Scotland, although he has also received salary for acting in that capacity during my own absence in England, after the death of my late brother the Rev. W. Pin kerton. But hundreds and hundreds more who have been baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire, un- der his ministry and that of his brethren of exactly the same standing in the South Sea Islands, will doubtless be found ready at the latter day to stand forth in testimony of his having been duly ordained by the Lord Jesus Christ - the only Head of the Church whether in earth or in heaven - to declare to them the glad tidings of salvation. In reference then to the circumstance of my allu- ding at all to the transaction abovementioned, I beg to observe that my work on New South Wales pro- fessed to be a history of this colony written without fear and without favour. Now, as I hold with the Rev. Professor Vaughan of the University of Lon- don, that "religion in nearly every age and nation, has been, a master element in the development of man," and that "it is not possible, therefore, that history should be treated philosophically - that is, justly, satisfactorily, agreeably to common sense, un- less it is made to include an intelligent and candid ana- lysis of the religions of mankind," - it appeared to me that the history of New South Wales could not be written in this philosophical manner, unless it inclu- ded an intelligent and candid analysis of the morals and religion of the colony, and of its religious esta- blishments. And in revolving the subject in my own mind amid the vast solitudes of the Southern Ocean, after an experience of ten years in this colony, it ap- peared to me that in order to answer the oft-repeated questions, - Why is there so little religion in New South Wales? Why has Christianity failed hitherto to get a footing in the colony under any form? Why is the state of education so low, and infidelity so prevalent and so outrageous? I had only to afford the reader the means of enabling him to take the measure and the guage of Colonial Episcopacy - wedded, especi- ally, as it was to the colonial government during the administration of General Darling, and regarding every look of favour which that government deigned to cast on any other system with all the envy and suspicion of a spoiled and pampered and jealous spouse. But as the exhibition I was thus led to give of colonial Episcopacy, during the incumbency of the late and the present Archdeacons, led me to point out the manner in which it had dealt with the colo- nial Presbyterian Church during the government of General Darling, and as this part of my work was likely to be construed into a mere tissue of personali- ties by those on whom its plain statements might press rather heavily, it occurred to me that it was of some importance to the general argument to shew that the thoroughly exclusive, intolerant, and overbearing spirit which had thius been so strongly exhibited by colonial established Episcopacy towards the Presby- terian Church, under its first two Archdeacons, was not a mere accident, but a part and parcel of the sys- tem, and had been evinced just as strongly long be- fore an Archdeacon had ever arrived in the colony, or a Presbyterian minister landed on its shore. I ac- cordingly related the circumstance abovementioned, relative to the dispensation of the Lord's Supper, by Mr. Crook in the year 1810 - in terms of which I am happy to think Mr. Crook's subjoined letter affords ample confirmation. And in doing so it never oc- curred to me that I ought to consider the circum- stance of Mr. Marsden's being my creditor for money to the amount of £300. advanced at 10 per cent. in- terest on behalf of the Scots Church, as a gag to re- strain me from telling the whole truth respecting colo- nial Episcopacy, any more than I felt restrained by my own filial relationship to the Church of Scotland from pointing out the mnanner in which that Church had ne- glected the colonies. In both cases I had to do with systems and not with men. I stated this explicitly in the course of my work, and acknowledged with pleasure that there were Episcopalian ministers in these Colo- nies who, under any other system than the one which had well nigh ruined their usefulness as ministers of the Gospel, would have approved themselves workmen that needed not to be ashamed in the vineyard of their master. I made this acknowledgement in the case of the present Archdeacon; much more would I have made it in that of the Rev. Mr. Marsden, had I felt myself called on to mention that gentleman's name. It is singular however, that almost the whole of the chapter of my work to which Mr Marsden objects is quoted verbatim in the Eclectic Review, for August last, and followed by the subjoined remararks on the part of the Reviewer:- "This honest and faithful testimony of so competent a witness, must carry weight with every impartial reader; and at the present moment, evidence of this kind is peculiarly important. The whole of the chap- ter from which these extracts are taken, is deserving of the most attentive consideration. Dr. Lang deserves well of his adopted country for the boldness with which he has laid open the vices and evils of the pre- sent colonial system, at the risk, or rather the cer- tainty of giving great offence; and his historical re- trospect of .the colony, although it may be thought to rake up forgotten disputes, contrary to the ap- proved maxim, 'let bygones be bygones,' certainly throws much light upon the present state of the Colonies." But if Mr. Marsden and myself still stand in the relation of creditor and debtor, for money very kindly advanced by Mr. M. on behalf of the Scots Church when brought into difficulties, through the strange procedure of Sir Thomas Brisbane's Government, the circumstance has arisen from this undeniable fact that while certain other clergymen in this colony have embarked their spare funds in sheep and cattle, and, become mighty graziers before the Lord, I have uni- formly expended mine in rearing churches and col- leges, and in importing ministers of religion and in- structors of youth to promote the moral and spiritual welfare of this demoralized and ungrateful colony; and that while Mr. M. belonged to a Church which could sit as a Queen in this colony and see no sorrow, I belonged to one which was oppressed and persecu- ted, and on whose behalf I was led, as its senior mini- ster, to sacrifice all I had in the world but my own good conscience. But as Mr. M. has thought proper to have me ga- zetted in the colony as his debtor, I am bound to explain to the public generally, how it comes that I have stood in that capacity to the present hour. The following therefore is a list of a few of the advances I have had to make in behalf of education and reli- gion in this colony, over and above all those enume- rated in my book:- To passage-money advanced in Scotland in June 1831, for the Rev. H. Carmi- chael, A.M., and Miss J. Carmichael £.?120 0 0 (now Mrs Graham) on account of the Australian College To ditto, ditto, for the late Rev. W. £'120 0 0 Pinkerton and family To ditto, ditto, for the Rev. J. Ander- £120 0 0 son and family .. £360 0 0 These items with the exception of the last, would have been paid by the Australian College; but through Episcopalian manoeuvring in the Legislative Council, and the unremitted attacks of an unprin- cipled press, that institution got into difficulties, and was unable to discharge its obligations. The item for Mr. Anderson was transferred to the Committee of the Scots Church at Launceston, of which Mr. A. is now the pastor; but that church having also had to suffer at its outset through the intolerant spirit of co- lonial Episcopacy, it has been equally unable to discharge its obligations, and I am still its creditor to the amount above stated. I had also to advance at two different periods passage- money for two Presbyterian ministers at pre- sent in the interior of this colony, and for the relatives of two others to the amount of £240, all of which is still unpaid. A part of that amount was incurred in procuring a passage out for Mrs. Busby, the wife of a respectable colonial surgeon at Bathurst, who in the year 1831, was the sister, and of course a member of the family of a Presbyterian minister of this terri- tory. On my return to the colony three months ago, I wrote to Dr. Busby, informing him of the circum- stance, and hinting that as a Scotchman, a Christian, and a gentleman, it was his duty to clear off that claim, which I could not afford to bear any longer, and not to allow me to prefer it in any way to the Presbyterians of the colony, as I should otherwise be obliged to do. But Dr. Busby having refused to have any thing to do with it, I shall be obliged to include it in a general subscription to be raised by the Presbyterians of the territory generally, who, I am sure will never allow the senior minister of their national Church in New South Wales to be gazetted a second time, for debts contracted for their welfare and not for his own. I am, sir,. Your most obedient servant, JOHN DUNMORE LANG P. S.: I should have sent this letter to The Sydney Herald but for the following reason: When attacked in that paper a few weeks ago, by the Rev. Mr. Car- michael, I wrote a letter to the Editors, explaining the circumstances out of which that most unmerited attack had arisen; but the greedy creatures would not insert it unless it should be paid for as an adver- tisement. Or in other words, they would allow any person to traduce me in their paper who chose to pay them for the insertion of his slander, but they would not suffer me to stand in my own defence till they had measured the ground I was to occupy, and made me promise to pay for every inch of it. I deter- mined in consequence never to write a syllable in their mercenary paper again. 