MISS KELLY. Miss Kelly has taken her leave of the stage. It appears that ; in the rage for novelty, or the decline of the ultimate taste, the greatest actress of our age was, to take the common but expressive term, shelved She red her destiny with Dowton, the most natural actor that any living play-goer remembers. Honour to the neglected ! They carry with them into private life the admiration and regret of the whole public, including even that ungrateful part of it which treated their singular merits with comparative indifference. But, perhaps, we are wrong in laying so much fault at the door of the good-natured public ; possibly some of the blame may rest with the managers. It is a fact attested in the theatrical circles by competent witnesses, that neither Dowton nor Miss Kelly were, in the technical sense, attractive. They didn't draw—they could not go down into the pro- vinces like Miss Foote, or Harley, or Liston, and carry whole towns by storm, sailors, operatives, and all. In short, they never attained that sort of celebrity which constitutes, in the language of the green-room what is called a star. Miss Kelly was not a star. She had achieved, it is true, what may be termed an European reputation ; she was known wherever the British drama was known ; common fame awarded her the highest honours in her profession ; it was ad- mitted that she had created a new style, and dis- covered, as it were, a new vein in nature ; yet for all this Miss Kelly was advertised in vain, for " Wap- ping would not come." The audiences wherever she played, confessed themselves in the presence of a superior genius—they felt the influence of her mind in every thing she said, in every motion, every tone—they were moved to tears, and provoked to laughter by turns—they went away with impressions that no distance of time can obliterate : yet Miss Kelly had so little of the vulgar charms of the stage about her, that she never succeeded in striking the multitude en masse. Individuals always admired her : you could not meet any person in society who did not speak of her in panegyries ; yet, when you came to bring them together, you found that there was not such thing as effecting a popular movement. Miss Kelly was universally talked of as a fine actress. It became a sort of critical sentiment in the fashionable world to praise Miss Kelly ; yet Miss Kelly waned in the eyes of the treasurer of the theatre before Miss Chester, who played Lady Teazle by role. She was treated by the public as the canaille treated delicate wines : she was spoken well of, as a matter of taste—but people infinitely preferred gin and bitters. This being the case, the managers, Who think the value of a thing Is just the money it will bring, did not care to give opportunities for the display of Miss Kelly's genius. They always go with the tide, and never venture upon a speculation against the stream. Monsieur the ourang outang, who could crawl up a tree like a lizard, and crack cocoa nuts with his teeth, and roll himself into a ball, like the mysterious visitor in Vathek, was worth a dozen Miss Kellys, if he brought money to the doors. We do not blame the managers for their partiality to the ourang outang ; but we blame them for not trying also whether a great actress, properly supported, might not be rendered useful to the funds of the theatre. The worst of managers is, that they will not run any risks for the sake of pure excellence—but they will go to the utmost extremes to push meretri- cious talent into notoriety. While Miss Kelly might have been delighting the town in a wide range of characters, Mr. Denvill, puffed in capitals and notes of interjection, was playing night after night to au- diences that yawned, wondered, and dwindled down to nothing. There was ample room for her in the large houses : but the modern policy of the stage— of which we shall have something more at large to say hereafter—is in favour of a working company that can bustle with facility through the business of the stage, without any reference to those nice shades of character that require such a cost of thought and time, and so much expenditure of intellect. This fatal utility, which has crushed Miss Taylor for ever, by sacrificing her to a conventional style, was a great convenience to the management, and appeared to all intents and purposes, to answer all the wishes of the public. Miss Kelly, therefore, was not wanted ; and Dowton was getting old, and his school was going out. The mechanical band, that had been educated within the lamps, from the cow in Tom Thumb up to the ghost in Hamlet, were the surest cards for the treasury. They cost little or nothing, and they knew their business. It is to be lamented that such an actress as Miss Kelly should have been banished from the stage by any circumstances, but most of all by the substitution of a vicious taste. The charm of her manner lay in its truth, its simplicity, its natural grace, its unaf- fected earnestness. Who does not remember her in the Maid and the Magpie ? With what thrilling reality she protested her innocence ! and so affected her audience, that she produced a sensation upon the public mind which has rarely been paralleled. She fascinated without effort. There was a certain naivete always playing about her that rendered her comedy indescribably humourous : you could not tell how the effect was produced, for she appeared to be very care- less about it, and you felt that it was all like a scene at home—familiar, downright, and actual. Miss Kelly's figure is remarkably beautiful : perfect in all its proportions ; it moves with inimitable grace—not the grace of some haughty Diana, who gets her full- length drawn with a brace of fox-hounds, or some icy beauty, who looks as if she ought to be transferred to stone ; but the free grace of unconsciousness, unre- strained by premeditation, and suggesting at every turn some domestic memory, some snatch of true and universal nature. The casual observer felt this, but never saw it. There was Miss Kelly making her toilet perhaps, or spreading out a rustic supper, or making a cap, or setting a room to rights—it was all so easy, so life-like, that nobody thought about it, and were waiting for an excitement in something to follow. It was the same all throughout her acting, whether she impersonated the romping awkwardness and bois- terous mirth of the hoyden, the lisping ignorance of the rustic, the tawdry vulgarity of the city lady, the super-refinement of the chamber-maid, or the touch- ing sorrows of one of those heroines of that minor drama which she may be said to have formed by the force of her own conceptions, and the felicity with which she carried them into effect. The only actress who can be compared with Miss Kelly for the just- ness of her delineations is Mademoiselle Mars, who, soaring into genteel comedy—in which had it not been for the mere want of that character of face which the Ideal seems to demand in such parts—Miss Kelly seems to have excelled—has established her- self in a region in which she is, as yet, unapproach- able. In all oilier parts—the ludicrous and the pa- thetic—she and Miss Kelly may be esteemed to take co-equal rank. We must confess, however, that Miss Kelly always appeared to us to have more grace, while Madlle. Mars had more elegance : that the one captivated by the exquisite beauty of her man- ner, the other by the imposing charms of her person, they were both excellent, and, possibly, we prefer that with which we chance to be the more familiar. Lucy in the Beggar's Opera ; the Country Wife of Wycherley, transformed into the Country Girl ; Kitty, in Garrick's farce of High Life Below Stairs ; Nell, in the Devil to Pay ; Letitia Hardy, in A Bold Stroke for a Husband ; Miss Hardcastle, in She Stoops to Conquer, and numerous other such characters were, probably, never represented with such truth as Miss Kelly threw into them. Her humour was of the richest and most irrepressible kind : it never took you on the sudden like a piece of stage trick, but was born of the occasion, inherent to the character, and fitted like an accustomed gar- ment. In the serious range of minor plays, such as the Sergeant's Wife, the Blind Boy, in which Miss Kelly always accomplished the dangerous feat of fixing her eyes, as it is called, throughout the per- formance, the Maid of the Inn, and several slight, but touching pieces founded on Banim's tales, she was alone. That domain of feeling was sacred to her genius. But we are writing about her as if she had left the stage, which we hope is not the case. Her powers are in their prime. It is understood that she is about to open a small theatre, either as a school of acting, or with a view to some experiment connected with the drama. We hope to welcome her back to the boards again, and in that hope shall reserve to another opportunity a more accurate analysis of her merits. 