THE YEARLY MEETINGS EPISTLE OF THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS., We have been favoured with a copy of this very interesting annual publication. As usual it is a most instructive document and well worthy the attentive perusal of every reader. We make the following extract : .. While we are anxious that all our members should exercise a daily diligence in the perusal of the sacred volume, we would earnestly invite them to wait and pray for that divine immediate teaching, which can alone effectually illuminate its paces, and unfold their contents to the eye of the soul. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. As this is our humble endeavour the various features of divine truth will be gradually unfolded to the seeking mind. We beseech you, dear friends, carefully to avoid all partial and exclusive views of religion for these have ever been found to be the nurse of error. The truth as it is in Jesus forms a perfect whole, its parts are not to be contrasted, much less opposed to each other. They all consist in beautiful harmony ; they must be gradually accepted in their true com- pleteness, and applied with all diligence to their practical purpose. That purpose is the renovation of our fallen nature, and the salva- tion of our never-dying souls. How precious is it to remember, that in the prosecution of this great object, the humble Christian is strengthened, by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost for his race of righteous- ness, sod is furnished with an infallible inward guide to true holiness. The pride of his heart is broken down by a power beyond his own ; his dispositions are rectified and now he can listen to that still small voice of Israel's Shepherd, in the soul, which guides to the practice of every virtue. We beseech you, dear friends, not to rest satisfied with a mere notice of this blessed doctrine, but to apply it with all watchfulness and diligence, to your daily life and conversation. Thus alone can we escape from the spirit of the world, with all its covetousness and vanity, maintain the true simplicity and integrity of the Christian character, and finally perfect holi- ness in the fear of God.' The destraints made on our members during the last year for tithes and other ecclesiastical demands, amount to upwards of twelve thousand eight hundred pounds and one Friend is now suffering imprisonment in the jail at Carlow in Ireland, in consequence of his conscientious refusal to pay tithes. In communicating this information, we wish to remind you, that one important result of the immediate influence of the spirit, is the distribution of gifts in the church for the edification of the body. The testimony which, as a society, we have long borne to the freedom and spirituality of the Christian ministry is, we trust, increasingly understood in the world, and never was the sted fast maintainance of it more necessary than at present. Let us never forget that there can be no right appointment to the sacred office, except by the call of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor any true qualification for the exercise of the gift, except by the direct and renewed influences of the Holy Spirit. Let us not. fail to bear in mind that these influences are not at our command, and that unless they are distinctly bestowed for the purpose, no offerings, either in preaching or prayer, can ever be rightly made in our assemblies for divine worship. Wecntrcatourdearfriendsnottobe weary or ashamed of their public silent and waiting upon God. It is a noble testimony to the spiritu- ally of true worship-to our sense of the weakness and ignorance of man, and of the goodness and power of the Almighty, May our dependence on these occasions, be placed on that gracious Saviour, who promised to be with his disciples when gathered together in his name. May we be found reverently sitting at his feet, and in the silence of all flesh, may we yet know Him to teach us, who teachers as never man taught. In order to experience this great blessing, it is absolutely necessary that we should guard against a careless and indolent state of mind, and should maintain that patient and diligent exercise of soul before the Lord, without which our meetings cannot be held in the life and power of Truth. We would remind our young friends who have received a guarded and religious education amongst us, that they can never be living members of the church of Christ, without baptism, And what is the baptism Which can thus unite them in fellowship with the body? not the putting away of the filth of the flesh,' or the performance of any external The suit is the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost." Never forget, we beseech you, that vain will be the advantages which you have derived from the teach- ing of your fellow men, unless you are truly born of the Spirit, and become new creatures in Christ Jesus. While we confess our continued conviction that all the ceremonies of the Jewish law were fulfilled and finished by the death of Christ, and that no shadows, in the worship of God, were instituted by our Lord, or have any place in the Christian dispensation, we feel an earnest desire that we may all be partakers of the true supper of the Lord, Let us ever hold in solemn and thankful remembrance, the one great sacrifice for sin. Let us seek for that living faith, by which we may be enabled to eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood. For, said our blessed Lord, " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, ye have no life in you. Thus will our souls be replenished and satisfied, and our strength renewed in the Lord. ,. We are solicitous that friends, every where may be encouraged to cultivate a greater depth of religious experience; that they may avoid all evil surmising, all party spirit, all unholy zeal that they may be clothed in the meekness and gentleness of Christ, and be abundantly endued with that precious charity which is the bond of perfectness. The unity which, as a society, we have long enjoyed, is indeed attended with many advantages, both civil and religious. It is a means of strength, and a source of much happiness and we would exhort all our members to watch unto prayer, that they may be enabled, by the grace of our Holy Head, to preserve it inviolate.. May the God of. all grace who hath called usable hist eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered awhile, make you perfect, iStablish, strengthen. Bettie you.- To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen !' Signed, in and on behalf of the Meeting by SAMUEL LUKE, S Clerk to the Meeting this Year." 