TO' TH'E EDITO OF' THE . SYDNEY LETTER III. Liverpool, June 1.2,'1835,: Sri-, -In: my. last, I traced down the stream. of ecclesiastical writers in favour of the authenticity, of certain books of the New Testament, from. the days of the Apostles to the end -of.-the fourth century, and in this I shall bring forward 'other important evidence ; but allow me to recommend one. evidence ,of superlative importance which we are Itoo apt to overlook,.and which.weighs in my mind. as. of greater consequence than almost any other, and that is, ", that if. any man will do the will of God, he shall know (not leaving, the ques tion to be doubtful) of' the doctrine whether it be' of God;" 'for it is only those' who are proud (or as the margin 'has it, a fool),.. knowing nothing, but prating about questions, and strifes of words, 'who will not consent to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godli ness. If, Sir, all the evidences of writings, coins, and other multiplied proofs of the authenticity of the Scriptures were cast into the bottom of the sea, the evidence above alluded to would be quite enough in itself to convince the really humbled and spiritualized mind that these writings are of Divine authority; but, Sir, .as we have to deal with men who have "not as yet received the Holy Ghost," we must, in defence of these repo sitaries of our faith, even' draw evidence from the enemies of our 'religion ; knowing the scep ticism of men, no doubt God has wisely permitted such men to. exert all their ingenuity and all their learning in vainly attempting the overthrow of that religion; which is based, not upon any earthly foundation, but upon the bene volence and the veracity of God. And so the Church has been graciously furnished in these latter ages with a very powerful 'fund of evidence whence to draw arguments against the host of infidels now rising up against us, so that we can use the cast-down weapons of the old school against those of the new. Celsus, amongst the heathens of the second century, wrote much against Christianity, and, so doing, quotes passages from the books of the New Testament, so that it is certain that we have the identical books to which he referred; he admitted most of the facts in the Gospels, and in no instance did he draw any of his objections from spurious writings, which then began 'to abound; he also mentions the persecutions of the Christians in those days, from all which we are convinced of the scriptures then being in exist- ence, and of the high value and estimation they' were held in by Celsus.--(Lardner's account of the -objections of Celsus).' Porphyry,' who was born A. D. 223, was of all men, possessed of every advantage, which natural; abilities or political information could afford` to discover whether the New Testament was a genuine work of the Apostles and Evangelists or not; but no trace of this suspicion is anywhere to be found, nor did it ever occur to Porphyry to suppose that it was .spurious.-.(Horne). Porphyry not only did not deny the truth of the gospel history, but actually considered the mi- racles of Jesus Christ as actual facts.-..(Dr Macknight). The writings of the ancient Chrisi ians, who answered 'his objections; 'afford general evidence that Porphyry "made numerous observa tions on the Scriptures..-(Horne). Julian, the apostate, lived in 336. ;He denied. the deity of Jesus Christ, but.acknowledged the principal facts in the gospels, as well as the mi racles of our Saviour and his "Apostles he ac knowledges the gospel' :of John. as later`than the other gospels, and: alludes ' to facts recorded ii the Acts.-(Dr. Lardner 'andl Mackni ht)Y .I~I: expressly' calls .those books by. the name'thie? now bear, and states their early 'date. i?'tili e 'writers have not attempted to insinuate any. ltiiig' against the authenticity of these books, nor .even accused the christians of being mistaken as to' 'their authors, "when we consider how much it would: have availed them to have cast a doubt upon this point if they could, and that as they were all then of learning and enquiry, their con cession or rather suffrage is extremely 'valu able."-(Paley's evidence.)' Next to this evidence, we may briefly adduce that of heretical writers. Cerinthus, contemporary with the Apostle John, to serve his purpose, denied the divine au thority of the Apostle Paul, but plainly proves that his epistles, the same as we now have, were extant in the first century. The Ebionites in the same age also, called Saint Paul an apostate— (Eusebius and Lardner), and by the rejection of his epistles, confirm to us that they then ex isted.-(Eusebius and Michaelis). Marcion, who lived in the second century, and was excommunicated by the orthodox Christians after travelling to Rome, could adduce no proof of a single forgery of the New Testament; he affirms (and we thank him for the affirmation) the gospel of Saint Matthew, the epistle to the He brews, and those of Peter and of James were written only for the Jews and not for the Chris tians; from 'this it is evident that they were written and had previously existed. Marcion having rejected many books and mu tilated others, the ancient ecclesiastics were led to examine the evidence of these writings,and to collate copies of them, and to write and'- speak frequently of them, as well of 'whole books as of particular passages, and 'thus we are enabled to authenticate these books and to arrive 'at the genuine reading of many texts better than other wise we could have done.-(Lardner's History of Heretics, also Michaelis.) .. Many other ancient heretics may be adduced, whose testimony would tend to confirm the au- thenticity of the same books of the New Testa ment which the Catholics received; but surely enough has been advanced upon this and the former heads, to convince us, that we are not dependent upon one source for evidence of the authenticity and genuineness of the writings of the New Testament. May we then imitate the example of Ignatius, who, in order to understand the will of God? fled to the gospels as the flesh of Jesus (or as Christ speaking in the flesh), and to the Apostles as the presbyters of the Church..-(Epist. ad Philadelph.), here' the gospels and the epistle are referred to as collected and read together, A. D. 70; A SIMPLE LAYMAN 