KING O'TOOLE AND ST. KEVIN, A Legend of Glendalough. (From the Dublin Penny Journal) "By that lake, whose gloomy shore Sky-lark never warbles o'er, Where the cliff hangs high and steep Young St. Keven stole to sleep."--Moore. Who has not read of St. Kevin, celebrated as he has been by Moore in the melodies of his native land, with whose wild and impas- sioned music he has so intimately entwined his name? Through him, in the beautiful ballad whence the epigraph of this story is quoted, the world already knows that the sky-lark through the intervention the saint never startles the morning with its joyous note in the lonely valley of Glendalough. In the same ballad, the unhappy passion which, the saint inspired, and the 'unholy blue' eyes of Kathleen, and the melancholy fate of the heroine, by the saint's being 'unused to the melting mood,' are also celebrated; as well as the superstitious finale of the legend, in the spectral appearance of the love-lorn maiden. 'And her ghost was seen to glide Gently o'er the fatal tide.' Thus has Moore given, within the limits of a ballad, the spirit of two legends of Glen- dalough, which otherwise the reader might have been put to the trouble of reaching after a more round-about fashion. But luckily for those coming after him, one legend he has left to be '---------- touched by a hand more unworthy'-- and instead of a lyrical essence, the raw material in prose is offered, nearly verbatim as it was furnished to me by that celebrated guide and bore, Joe Irwin, who traces his decent in a direct line from the old Irish kings, and warns the public in general that 'there's power of them spalpeens sthravai- gin' about, 'sthrivin' to put their comether upon the quol'ty, [quality--the Irish gen- try generally call the higher orders 'quality,'] and callin' themselves Irwin, (knowin,' the thieves of the world, how his name had gone far and near, as the rale guide,) for to deceive dacent people; but never to be'lieve the likes--for it was only mulvatherin people they wor.' For my part, I promised never to put faith in any but himself; and the old rogue's self- love being satisfied, we set out to explore the wonders of Glenda- lough. On arriving at a small ruin, situated on the south-eastern side of the lake, my guide assumed an air of importance, and led me into the ivy-covered remains, through a small square door-way, whose simple struc- ture gave evidence of its early date; a lin- tel of stone lay across two upright supporters, after the fashion of such religious remains in Ireland. 'This Sir,' said my guide, putting him self into an attitude, is the chapel of King O'Toole--av corse y'ive often heard o' King O'Toole your honor?' 'Never,' said I. 'Musha, then, do you tell me so? said he 'I thought all the world far and near, heerd o' king O'Toole well, well! but the darkness of mankind is otenllible! Well, Sir you must know, as you didn't hear it afore, that there was wonst a king called King O'Toole, who was a fine ould king in the ould ancient times, long ago; and it was him that ownded the churches in early days.' 'Surely,' said I, 'the churches were not in King O'Toole's time.' 'Oh, by no means, yer honor--troth it's yourself that's right enough there; but you know the place is called 'The Churches,' bekase they were built afther by St. Kavin, and wint by that name o' the churches iver more; and therefore av coorse the place bein so called, I say that the king ownded the churches--and why not Sir, sein, 'twas his birth-right, time out o' mind beyant the flood? Well the king you see was the right sort--he was the rale boy, and loved sport as he loved his life, and untin' in partic'lar; and from the risin' o' the sun, up he got, and away he wint over the mountains beyant afther the deer: and fine times them wor; for the deer was as plinty thin, aye troth, far plintyer than the sheep is now; and that's the way it was with the king, from the crow of the cock to the song o' the red- breast.' 'In this country, Sir,' added he, speak- ing paranthetically in an under tone, 'we think it unlooky to kill the redbreast, for the robin is God's own bird.' Then, elevating his voice to its former pitch he proceeded.-- 'Well it was all mighty good, as long as the king had his health; but you see, in coorse o' time, the king grew owld, by raison he was stiff in his limbs, and when he got stricken in years his heart failed him, and he was lost entirely for want o' divarshin, bekase he couldn't go a huntin no longer; and by dad, the poor king was obleeged at last for to get a goose is divart him. Here an involuntary smile was produced by this regal mode of recreation, 'the royal game of goose.' 'Oh you may laugh, if you like,' said he half afronted 'but it's truth I'm tellin' you; and the way the goose divarted him was this-a-way: you see, the goose used for to swim acrass the lake, and go down divin' for throut, (and not finer throut in all Ireland, than the same throut,) and catch fish an a Friday for the king, and flew every other day round about the lake, divartin the poor king, that you'd think he'd break his sides laughin' at the frolicsome tricks av his goose; so in coorse o' time the goose was the greatest pet in the country, and the biggest rogue, and devarted the king to no end, and the poor king was as happy as the day was long. So that's the way it was; and all went on mighty well, antil by dad, the goose got stricken in years, as well as the king, and grew stiff in his limbs, like her masther, and could divert him no longer; and then it was that the poor king was lost complate, and did'nt know what in the wide world to do, seein' he was done out of all divarshin, by reason that the goose was no moore in the flower of her blume. 'Well the king was nigh hand broken hearted, and melancholy intirely, and was walkin' one mornin' by the edge of the lake, lamentin' his cruel fate, an' thinin' o' drownin' himself, and could'nt get no di- varshin in life, when all of a suddint, turnin' round the corner beyant, who should he meet but a mighty dacent young man comin' up to him. 'God save you,' says the king, (for the king was a civil spoken gintleman, by all accounts) 'God save you,' says he to the young man. 'God save you kindly,' says the young man, back again, 'God save you,' says he, 'King OToole.' 'True for you, says' the king, 'I am king O'Toole,' says he, prince and plenny- pennytichery o' these parts,' says he; 'but how kem you to know that?' says he. 'O never mind,' says Saint Kavin. 'For you see,' said old Joe, in his under tone again, and looking very knowingly, 'it was Saint Kavin, sure enough--the saint himself in disguise, and no body else.' 'Oh never mind,' says he, 'I know more than that,' says he 'nor twice that.' 'And who are you? says the king, 'that makes so bowld--who are you at all at all?' 'Oh never you mind,' says Saint Kavin 'who I am; you'll know more of me before we part, King O'Toole,' says he. 'I'll be proud o' the knowledge o' your acquaintance, sir,' says the king, mighty polite. 'Troth you may say that', says Saint Kavin. And now may I make bowld to ax, how is your goose, King O'Toole?' says he 'Blur-an-agers, how kem you to know about my goose?' says the king. 'O, no mather; I was given to under- stand it,' says Saint Kavin. 'Oh, that's a folly to talk,' says the king; 'bekase, myself and my goose is private friends,' says he; and no one could tell you,' says he 'barrin the fairies.' 'Oh thin it wasn't the fairies,' says Saint Kavin; 'for I'd have you to know,' says he 'that I don't keep the likes of such company.' 'You might do worse then my gay fellow, says the king; 'for they could show you a crock o' money, as aisy as kiss hand; and that's not to be sneezed at,' says the king, 'by a poor man,' says he. 'Maybe I've a better way of making money myself,' says the saint. 'By gor, says the king, 'barrin' you're a coiner,' say he, that's impossible!' 'I'd scorn to be the like, my lord?' says Saint Kavin, mighty high, 'and scorn to be the like' says he. 'Then what are you?' says the king, 'that makes money so aisy, by your own account.' 'I'm an honest man,' says Saint Kavin. 'Well honest man,' says the king, 'and how is it you make your money so aisy?' 'By makin' ould things as good as new,' says Saint Kavin. 'Blur-an-ouns, is it a tinker you are?' says the king. 'No,' says the saint. 'I'm no tinker King O'Toole; I've a better trade than a tinker,' says he--what would you say,' says he, 'if I made your old goose as good as new.' 'My dear, at the word o' makin his goose as good as new, you'd think the poor ould king's eyes was ready to jump out iv his head, and,' says he--'troth then I'd give you more money than you could count,' says he 'if you did the like and I'd be behoul- den to you into the bargain.' 'I scorn your dirty money,' says Saint Kavin. 'Faith then, I'm thinkin' a trifle o' change would do you no harm,' says the king, looking up sly at the ould caubeen that Saint Kavin had on him 'I have a vow again it', says the saint; 'and I am book sworn' says he, never to have gold, silver, or brass, in my company.' 'Barrin' the thrifle you can't help says the king, mighty cute, and looking him straight in the face, 'You just hot it, says Saint Kavin; but though I can't take money, says he, 'I could take a few acres of land, if you'd give them to me.' 'With all the veins of my heart, says the king, if ye can do what you say.' 'Thry me!' says Saint Kavin. 'Call down your goose here,' says he and I'll see what I can do for her. With that, the king whistled, and down came the poor goose all as one as a hound, waddlin' up to the poor ould cripple, the masther and as like him as two pays. The minute the saint clapped his eyes on the goose 'I'll do the job for you,' says he, 'King O'Toole!' 'By Jaminee' says King O'Toole, If you do, but I'll say you're the cleverest fellow in the sivin parishes.' 'Oh, by dad, says Saint Kavin, 'you must say more nor that--my horn's not so soft all out', says he, 'as to repair your ould goose for nothin'; what'll you give me, if I do the job for you? that's the chat says Saint Kavin. 'I'll give you whatever you ax', says the king: 'isn't that fair?' 'Divil a fairer,' says the saint; that's the way to do business. Now,' says he, this is the bargan I'll make with you, King O'Toole, will you gi' me all the ground the goose flies over, the first offer afther I make her as good as new? 'I will,' says the king. You won't go back of your word,' says Saint Kavin. 'Honor bright!' says King O'Toole, howldin' out his fist. 'Honor bright, says Saint Kavin back again, 'its a bargain, says he. 'Come here! says he to the poor ould goose--'come here you unfortunate ould cripple, says he 'and its I that will make you a sporting bird.' With that, my dear, he took up the goose by the two wings--'criss o' my crass an you say's he markin' her to grace with a blessed sign at the same minute; and throwin' her up in the air, whew!' says he, jist givin' her a blast to help her: and with that, my jewel, she took to her heels, flyin' like one of the aigles themselves, and cuttin' as many capers as a swallow before a shower of rain. Away she wint down there, right forninst you, along the side o' the clift, and flew over St. Kavin's bed, (that is where St Kavin's bed is now, but was not thin, by raison it wasn't made, but was contrived after by St. Kavin himself, that the women must lave him alone,) and on with her under Lugduff, and round the end of the lake there, far beyant where you see the wather- fall (though indeed it's no watherfall at all now, but only a poor dhribble iv a thing; but if you see it in the winter, it id do your heart good, and it roaring like mad, and as white as the dhriven snow, and rowlin down the big rocks before it, all as one as the children playing marbles,) and on with her thin right over the lead mines of Luganure, (that is where the lead mines is now, but was not thin, by raisin they were discovered, but was all goold in Saint Kavin's time.) Well over the ind o' Luganure she flew, stout and sturdy, and round the other ind av the little lake, by the churches, that is av course where the churches is now, but was not thin, by reison they were not built but afterwards by Saint Kavin, and over the big hill here over your head, where you see the beg clift: (and that clift in the mountain was made by Fin Ma Cool, where he cut it agrass with a big sword, that he got made a burpose by a blacksmith out o' Rathdrum, with a cousin av his own, for to fight a joyant [giant] that darred him at the Curragh o' Kildare; and he thried the sword an the mountain, and cut it down into a gap as is plain to this day; and faith, sure enough, it's the same sauce he sarved the joyant soon and suddent, and chopped him in two like a pratie, for the glory of his sowl and owld Ireland;) well down she flew over the clift, and fluttherin' over the wood there at Poulanass, where I showed you the purty watherfall; and by the same token, last Thursday, was a twelve- month sence, a young lady, Miss Rafferty by name, fell into the same watherfall, and was nigh hand drownded; and indeed would be to this day, but for a young man that jumped in after her; indeed a smart slip of young man he was; he was out of Francis Street, I hear, and courted her sence, and they wor married I'm given to understand; and indeed a party couple they wor. Well, as I said, afther flutterin' over the wood a little bit, to plaze herself, the goose flew down and lit at the fut o' the king, as fresh as a daisy, afther flying round his dominions just as if she hadn't flew three perch. Well my dear it was a beautiful sight to see the king standing with his mouth open, looking at his poor ould goose flying as light as a lark and betther than ever she was; and when she lit at his feet, he patted her an' the head, and 'ma vourneen,' says he, you are the darlint o' the world.' 'And what do you say to me', says Saint Kavin, for making her the like? I say, says the king, that nothing bates the art o' man barrin the bees. And do you say no more nor that? says St. Kavin. And that I am beholden to you says the king. But will you give me all the ground the goose flewn over? says St. Kavin. I will, says King O'Toole, and you're welkim to it, says he, though its the last acre I have to give. It's well for you, says St. Kavin, mighty sharp, for if you did'nt say that word, the devil receive the bit o' your goose id ever fly again, says St. Kavin. 'Well, whin the king was as good as his word, St. Kavin was plaized with him, and says he, 'King O'Toole, you're a dacent man, I only came here to thry you. You don't know me, says he, I'm deceivn' you all out, I'm not myself at all! Blur- an-agers thin says the king, if you are not yourself, who are you? I'm Saint Kavin, said the saint blessin' himself. Oh, queen iv heaven, says the king, makin' the crass betune his eyes, and falling down on his knees before the saint, is it the great Saint Kavin, says he, that I I've been discoorsin,' all this time, without knowing it, says he all as one as if he was a lump iv a gossoon, and so you'll a saint says the king. I am, says Saint Kavin, the greatest of all the saints! For Saint Kavin you must know Sir, said Joe, is counted the greatest of all the saints, bekase he went to school with the prophet Jeremiah. 'Well, my dear, that's the way that the place came all at wanst into the hands of Saint Kavin; for the goose flew round every individual acre o' King O'Toole's pro- perty, bein' let into the saycret by St. Kavin who was mighty cute; and the king had his goose as good as new, and the saint supported him, after he came into his pro- perty until the day av his death; and when he was gone, Saint Kavin gave him an illigant wake and a beautiful berrin; and more betoken he said mass for his sowl, an' tuk care av his goose. 