ROOTES UMBRÍFERA OR DIALOGUE OF THE DEAD. [FOR THE DENOAt, HERALD] SCENE. - The smoking ruins of the House of Commons. The Midnight. ENTER. The Ghosts of Cromwell, Ire ion, Bradshaw, Martin, Land Hampden and Lilburn. Bradshaw. Have they saved the death Warrant of Land. Arch villain dares thou mention that the accursed instrument of regicide) murder of Brad. The glorious record of the tyrants doom ! while that still survives the flames, some hopes yet remain for England. Martin-Place Bradshaw I have some right to talk of England's good, for though I signed that warrant yet would not I so have done had I not deemed that England's only hope was gone did Charles survive you aye and Cromwell too- be dares not now deny it, consigned your monarch to death but as a step to forward your own views upon England's freedom you sent Charles to the scaffold as you would have sent one another-you blotched off him as a . beast- I, offered him as a sacrifice to the only God I worshipped-Liberty. Ireton. Please heaven the time approaches when that consummation will take place, which alone could justify the deed, England must now become a republic. Lilburne republic! yes but not a republic after your notion-the time I hope is now an even when that cause for which I fought so hard and endured so much is about to triumph-and my name as the head of the Revellers will be duly honoured. Itten Peace fool. These walls, are while a Theatre wherein I, and all of us, and greater men than we have acted such glorious carts are levelled-but they are levelled in the dust and such is the equality which made disturbers like thyself, or that Irish fire brand whose like in my day Ire- land knew not, would bring upon your country. I panted for a republic-a great and glorious republican form of Government for which the English of all nations that ever lived, are the best fitted by natural qualities arid fortuitous circumstances England must be a republic. Already has the spell which bound and fettered the energies of great and glorious spirit-, and made 'them drop the sword when vengeance called for blood, already find the wicked delusion which brought our miserable monarch to the block, the kingly right divine become a bye word of scorn and c namely. The next equally foolish and unmeaning phrase which nevertheless has so long held its sway over the minds of men is the senseless maxim the King can do no wrong. How often have the nation drank to the dregs the bitter cup of misery prepared by the King's wrong doings, and yet have they blindly, fondly still exclaimed, " The King can do no wrong" 1 I am a republican-if you will a fierce, untamable republican; but oh, well can I appreciate that generous, loyal, zealous of ardour devotiontoherKing, that England so long cherished that nothing but the. wickedness of her Kings and such Counsellors as Kings will cause, could ever have annihilated.- Why even yet would England be monarchal, would but this foolish weak old man, throw himself upon the people, and trust to them. But it will not be as it was in our day, so will it be now, England has now as well as then, her hands, sheer Wentworths and her Noys. Cromwell-But not her Cromwell. /rc/on.«*-No - you have had your day, and depend upon it England will now protect herself ; she has no room for a Cromwell, and she has only to get rid of her hands, to take those mischievous play things a crown and sceptre from the hands of her spoiled grown babies and mitres from idle church- men, then will she erect herself in all her glory, and Britannia will be first among the nations. Land Peace factious destroyer-were I alive again at this critical period, I still would not despair of Church and state and I yet have hopes in the zeal and energy of Phillpots worthy of myself. He is a prelate after my own heart. Cromwell-His head resembles years whilst it was on your shoulders, and were I \- alive it should go hard but we would see the resemblance held after decapitation. Hampden-As far as I can perceive the old drama is about to be re-enacted ; experiments first of all in elections ; bribery in- calculable-sudden dissolutions; want of faith in the crown and its Councellors ; all these are the great precursors of an attempt to rule without Parliament, On the consequences of such an attempt these smoking xmas these ashes of the two houses among which are commingled the ashes of the Throne, are a striking emblem. What resource of modern days however will answer to the ship money of our time ? Cromwell-The Church is wealthy, and if wise will sacrifice a portion to save the rest. Let them contribute freely and the Duke may go on a good while without a Parliament. Land-st prolder vitam vivendi perdere causes? No no! I trust the wisdom of the clergy has not so far degenerated. Let the Duke augment the army. Let Phill - poets preach divine right and frighten the King with the Coronation oath ; let the women get about him and tease his life out till he has none but Tories near him, and there will be no fear of the safety of Church and State. Cromwell-There spoke the spirit of Church blindness. Thus has it ever been with you that wear petticoats ; you resemble an Ostrich and your King is your head, and ye think that by putting that out of sight and blinding it to its own peril, all the rest of the body it safe and sound. I tell ye if this king listen to to the Lands of his day, he will be like the monarch of our time, with this difference, that as there will be no Cromwell to hold the rains, whilst the nation takes time to run out its fury, there will be no replacing the reins in the old hands. I don't think I would venture at a protectorate nowadays, and a pretty fellow they have far a dictator, at a time when I wouldnotdare be protector, Land Excommunicated wretch ! Is he not the greatest general that ever lived. Cromwell Poh, poll-a great fool as Great apprehensions! were entertained for some time after the late fire at Westminster last the death warrant of Charles the first had been consumed with other Parliamentary recess, it was however found untouched. concerns knowledge of human nature may be a successful General. He has good >"? diers, and they fought well, but the rules and method of fighting are very well under stood in those modern days. "I was forty; years old before I ever saw a shot fired, and yet I contrived to win a fight or two ; Soldiering from the private to the commander is chiefly mechanical work ; not so the governing men ; trust me, to play the passions of mankind one against another, so as to win he game of empire, requires very different talents from those of a great Duke, or the winner of a thousand battles. Buckingham, save in his military Paine was the Duke of our day ; as great an enemy of the people ; who made his King as much a puppet and put him upon measures as absurd as the Duke of this day ; would I were alive again, but for a dozen years ! Ireton Why ! what would even you do | now ? Ciomwcll-'Tistrue I should find very dif ferent materials to work upon. Thefanaticsof the present day are greater hypocrites than I was myself; and I could make little of the Agnews, the Percival's, and fellows of their stamp ; they are all Cromwell's themselves in their small way, that is to say, they have all my hypocrisy without a grain of my talent. Fanaticism had had its day, and I think were I to live at this moment I should be a patriot a true patriot on policy for when the people cease to be ignorant, honesty in politics is the best policy and I would have been honest in my day, but the nation was not then fit for horses y ; it was a plant for which the soil was not then prepared, and if it even grew it would produce no fruit ; ask Hampden what he got by it. Hampden-I got the satisfaction of making that stand against the imposition of I Charles, which will prevent the necessity of any of my countrymen making the same I stand against William ; one Hampden is enough not for one but for all ages. Cromwell Well, Charles was a tyrant, and were his beheading to do again, he would deserve well of his country who followed our example. Say you that I did no good to my country I Ireton-The fire which has burnt these houses to ashes has done good; they will build better. The fire that destroyed London burnt out the plague ; such was the good we did in beheading Charles. But there is difference between those of us that deserved well of our country, and those who deserved our country's curses to forward what great object did we the deed Î I for one did it to establish a republic. Martin did it for my country's good, and as an example to future tyrants. Bradshaw-I did it from sheer hatred. Cromwell did it to be King myself. A bright flash appears a clap of thunder I is heard and the genius of the constitu- tion appears in majestic attitude and a solemn voice is heard And ye did sought in vain ye all have your reward in what ye sought for Crom- well was king and more than king ; Bradshaw hated strongly, and is strongly hated in return; Martin has benefited his country, by sacrificing one he has saved the life of a future king and Ireton, Ludlow's reward is yet to come; but come it will and \- ENGLAND WILL BE A REPUBLIC Bengal Herald, June 14. 