TO !THIE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY ? L- ETT ER T{II'I. Lverpool, :Noveirber 1,ti835 i , :No sulbject canb eo fgreater importance t us tian an :investigtion of' the evidences.=of 1Cthristianity; iand an 'ascertaining'?w ielthe*r tl{e' books contained in obi Scriptures are genuidne?ir not. :`'Yoti; ihdeed, .have been rpleised to` cal :them in;iqiestion, and to prinohicue them in the'? face of the ;world as corrupfed; and :consequeitly. as. :unworthy: of' belief:a .a:serious: charge, sut.i. ,ficienutto awaken our fears for the.deid: that they', :!iave 'perished, Im.nd- ;6oi apprehensions:, for the-. living thait they areebuilding upoi the fables:afid=. inventions of metin and .not uppn the '.ords of' etenail trath; '·. o , With a view, therefore, to guard the young me. from being imposed uipo6h by. me'e' assertions, foc: :as yet0you have adduced no proof, I shall proe6d'l hin tlis letter :to `consider those evidences of 'the: subject, :which aire usualy : denominated' lftie positive evidences of Christianity, a-''d, if'room-? will' admit, I shall conclude.with a summing':up, of 'what ,are called the internal;evidencesof ;the: The positive evmdences 'bf Christianity areits' inspiration, ;thei :evidences~'of which!,are miracles"i and:, prophecy, t;? e; onievis' the' operation 'and: the :other the ling iage; of the ):Spirit: of God y: The" evidence of miracles' was ? addressed'it:' .the early. ages' of= the: world ; the ~eidenice o prophecy :more. particularly belonigs" 'to?us,:ai r.` is a. livitig and perpetual 'testimony of iltheihigh ,orig'in?of' the Scriptures that Ifhey 'are' not-o o i men. but of . God i'" Inspir ition is. -the' imine diate - commuication 'of knowledge _;to ;the li'? man' mind: by the Spirit of God ;" but ?:when w espeak of-the inspiration of the Scriptures; we do not 'mean to assert that- the Spirit _of:God siuggested every word or dictated every sentence;: -7-no, we believe thiat, these men were suffered to ivrite* agreeably' to their different tempers, un:: derstandings, 'and' habits ;- that, they sometimes: . wrote as.in. the-prophetic' portions under direct suggestions of' the. Spirit, bu't in;the historica'l . and other portions of,Scripture they wroteund?der, his guidance anid superin tendence. Thus, ouu?~ blessed Lord assured'the apostles thait ,. the Holy Ghost should bring all things 'to their remeim= brance."' This,-as they were frail: men:like dur.,?= selves, was iecessary to enable them to hand down:=: to: posteriity, 'after .his 'disease, his: sayings and '% lhi doings; while, again, he. tells theniitht i',the?'. r: Holy: Ghost. should guide them into dil/ iruth.,.':'; Tlris was likewise equally necessary, that they: as: teachers of his will- should not be guilty of'pro:: pogating. error, and that: He, the=Spirit, should abide with them for ever, not merely by occasionial : effusions,.. but: that ?He should;, as ";teachers of ', the divine will, sbe their continual guide :. SNow, sir, the question is, were tlese promises" of Christ fulfilled `or inot. You believe :his' Di-> vinity, you' rmust therefore: believe tliht they were fulfilled.; In confirmation of this,'-we arelnoti however, left to beg the -uestion the aostles; declare' themselves <commissiond: to'l'preach sal. nation in His?iname, hnd :ini support ,of' their:; authority, 'to 'ork miliracles,-signs, andivoridrs and to possess th'e gifts 6of' the, HIoljR Gliost.':, ; Hebrews, xi. 4. : Could they'have'ippeale'd ?-iin ,' this way in"'tlie'face of the world if they weren not actually so empowered-so gifted ?: But: ka an additional proof that they were so gifted, we liave . in the 'New Testiment some most 'important iid clear, prophecies written 'by these 'men-=an evi?? l dence too frequently overlooked by :Christianiijn'4 reading the Epistles. We' have, ini cinn'exiioii: with Daniel, the prophecy-of St: Paiul;, in tivo;of"`'?, his Epistles` respecting the man of sin; we -?v?? the 'same- prophecy carried' out by Jo hn',ih'tlih book of Revelation we have inmthe Epistles' of St. Pauil the clearest'predictions of the restoratioli of' the Jews, arid of theri 'rise Tof infidelity (the: :same prediction'1i~iihig carieddbut' bt iSt Johf?," ' of a :general..spirit of instiboridination the pre-::. vailence of ,false teachers, and' other: defections:: . from ChGristiani practice;: in the writings;:of St., Peter, John and J ude,we lhav;e like remarkable pre; - dictions, togetheir: with a view of the 'estruction ' bf the .world by fire/'and of the day of judgment; ; whilein the.Apocalypse, which you seem to treat as an .Eastern:. piece, of. poetry because' of its, imagery, we have some of the most asfounding predictionis thatcan be'conceived,-the fate of the seven churches of Asia is clearly described-the rising of the false ,proph'et-the harlot of Babyloir; -the dismemberment of the.r Turkish power--.; the.-persecutions of the church- the spread and. triumph' of the Gospel-together with a number; of prophecies, tbo numerous for me to mention, forming a most intontestible proof thaotthese men spoke, as they were,:moved by the Holy Chost,. But, in addition to all this, we have their own frequentr' and`i constant declaration, that " they, speak not with enticing'or persuasible words of man's 'isdom but in demonstration of the Spirit and obfpower, and that God had revealed (those truths they taught) unto us (as apostles or' teachers) by hlis Spirit," " Now, we (we apostles or teachers, I presume,) have not the spirit of the world; but the. irit wliic 'is of God."--It wilt U, rs Gd - i\ i'e?een throughout the different Epistles that'th'e, .'?ostles continually declare themselves under'the: guidance of the Spirit and the 'teadching of God,. as "the servants of Jesus Christ; so that unless we deny the promise 6F hlirist-unless we "dei?y the chain of p~rophedies contained in the New Testament-- nless we ,deny the oft-repeated declarations of the apostles, that they .were .-taught, guided, and preserved by the Holy Ghost, I see no other possible conclusion we c'a t come to but that we have in :these $criptures a' declaration of the mind of Gol, by iris Spirit through the instrumentality of man. ' :. .I have said 'nothing of the remttrkable ipredir-e tions of-our Saviour, nor of the many predictions: fulfilled respecting him, .as hand.ed ,down to 'us in the ,Gospels, because you?acknowledge the di ' inity of' Christ, -and also seem toacknowledge tihe vercity'of:.the Gospels; ,neither have ,I :en-: '1tirged 'upon the -power. of miracles ..and 'the ,evii. dences we have of their having -beefi:perfonmed, because some of the greatest objectors Ito ,Christ-~ "anity have conceded the question, and 'I believe you will not deny it. " We have inthe New Testament writings then, prophecy and niracles, two of the'highest evidlences that can be given tf, supernatural communion with.God, anid ,of the. r~velation from him." I?In-examining the ulinternal evidences ,t'f the' V.Nw'.Te'stamerit wriitings, splce will ot ly: illow :me to enumerate them; first we find these writ-' 'iigs.to contain an exhibition of themnost sublime Sdoetrirnes, whidch are confirmed :to is by the most .ositive ;facts-doctrines, such as':philosophy for; ;reason, with all'their boasted powers, never could attain unto-the perfections:of God-thie fall of .i?ian rhis redemption .through :the:.incarnation a:.,:acscrifice :.of 'his only Son,-the mystery of ?-God.: manifested 'in the ;flesh-?-f his sufferings, Sdeath, and ; resurrection-the operations of the' Holy Ghost--the renewal 'of man Ltoxholiness, he 'resurrection of :the body, :and the day of jiudg-i ment,-&c.; "When our. Lord uttered !that one: sentence,, 'the hour 'is coming'-John -v. p28, -29, he pronounced a doctrine, which for clear-: ness, for importince, .for 'new and 'decisive authority, , .f6r influence: upon tlhe. couduct. 'of .man, is u:iparalleled:by all" that ,philoso Phiy or:;natural reason :ever,; taught.'"-Bishrp': W'.ilson. ,Next -we may consider the. unspotted ::pt'ity of, the mdrals taught' in the New Testa "-'ment writings, " .The Gospel,,(says;Bolinigbrok'e) i isfnoe continued lesson of .the. strictest morality,: o'i.j Ustice,:behevoletice, and of universal charity, a.,ndi so Hrime and Gibblon,.and 'various ..infidels ' dmit the:saine;'there .is more. morality contained :in orn e ; chapter, yea rii one passage ofithiiScrip -tures, than in the writings' of all the heathen phi .losophers put together.. Love your neighbour as yourself,"' Dogoodunto all men," these morals form a: character of such ,excellency as. never, was aimed at or thoughtof ,befor,e; to these -we. may Sadd .'thle siinmpliityanid'sublimity of these' writings .(mostly, by illiterate men) which' never hav' been Sequalled-their harn'oriy or constant agreement, the greatness'of, their. design to promote, yea, 'I should say to insure mani's happiness here and' hereafter, their glorious .promises, .the pre-emi iience of 'the character of its. founder, the charac :tierof its ~teachers', such characters as no pen ever described before: and, in:,short, the infinite su-P 4periority of "the'se writings in every respect over 'any other religious' writings, the mere productions of'camen-in this respect .let them.be.:compared wihth':ihe apocryphal writings some of which it .is preten?ied fell down from 0 'heaven,; .and how stikingly'great the difference, althbugh in many instances these writers have atter?pted to imitate 'the Scriptures." Let. me' add in addition:to. all. ,these evidences, the dailyfevidence' ofthe effect .of these writings upon nations and :individuals; iand then 'let. me ask, if the cause productive, of suich effects, in opposition to su'ch great obstacles, as:, Chstianity has ever had .to. contend :with; m? it sriot be divine-men. converted,'fromidola ,:try to'serve the living. God-men converted from :sin and ignorance,to be holy and useful members of society-men bearing persecution and danger fidni simple lovei to Christ---men meeting death ''with rejoicing anid joy unspeakable. :'I: drni: conlusion erase 'from the iNew' Testament "'w'tilrit'gs, those :portions which bear the irmpress of',Divine 'dictation, and let me ask you what 'Il-'lZ ·h lar,'in :1sa·'iner isiltrl tarytwhee ·id all thin htiy arid stubble f' f Wlich :you speiak' ? There il"? ld 'be sotme histbrytwhich c'ould be proved ItSibe' dcorrect by profane 'histry,:Some:"addresses :to'.indii~iduals and "to 'churc&hes; ;butithere is no .tlhiig 'whatsoever of mom'ent whiih" woocld be` wdlth .the attentionif "of pists "Or'priest-ridden? iniii -toypervert. The prophlecies; the ':doctrines, th eLnioral :dties, the -exatiples, the':ptotmises, -and :itel'denunciations, Jmay :be said: to be? he frAirieWvork''ofý these writings; if these,' herefore (Whfidh': their ýsublimity and?' t.implidity bs~peakl them 'to be) be divine, surely we have the b~dotssatisfahteItyý light to: gtide si .tididthe'<safest foifridatiOitto build':updo'n. . . r mny next will anwe lour challenge, in the' mean tiniersuffer me.4p add? tIhsexperimental vdenc frogi amoigsht, nay,.qthes which.every t;i~iie 'istian ..posseses., Ie- ;ihat'-believeth iqn tie'Sdn of God hptl, ile; !itpss in himnserlf. Ifpc~SU141, R 4VALtkNN. ·r 