ISnglisfj Extracts. People, when they rend SHk BacVmgbam'n Drmiken Report, asked, ' In this Sheffield legis lator a fool?' — Certainly, so enormous a niaftft of alistirditv wan never raked losotlier since Adam wns a boy. It would seem incredible thitt any man who'had the brains of a donkey — any one whom it wan considered safe to let walk aboii the street* without a keeper — could hnve collected such a budget lit' stuff. Just think of a report calling for the oppression ot* distillation, the abolition of our trade in rum and In-aiidy, the destruction of our hapless West Indin colonies, the ruin of the chief manufacture of Ireland, the new regulation »f the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar, so as to render them financially valueless, with many more equally charming fiscal and commercial propositions of the same kind — and these are all to he found in the report! Ajihin, think of the modest proposal to turn the inside of spirit-shops open to the public — tlie wise enactment against paying waijc.i otherwise than ill fixed sums, and alter hreakfuat, and oil market-days, as, if such absurd meddling between the employer and the etnyloyed could be put into practice for a week — the ingenious classification of public-honses as shops where beer only .is to be sold but not drunk, where beer only is to be botli drunk and sold, where beer and spirits arc to be' sold. but not drunk, nnd fourthly, where both beer and spirits may be both drunk and sold, (it is a pity Buckingham did not push his classification further, and distinguish houses where brandy-and-waiei- is to be sold hot with sugar from those where the beveragpmay be procured 'cold without,') M these varieties of houses being hedged round with penalties, of course, for the further growth of Messrs- Byorses, and other gentlemen in the in forming line — the restricting distillation to chernUts, and the, service of spirits in taverns to travellers only; 'regulations which would speedily incre*!sd the number of chemists', and make all thirsty ?win- tlerers through .London travellers every night in the week— the prohibition of freemasons' lodges, or other societies, to meet in public-hoiiSR* ;- a pro liibilion which would be so very easy to enforce ;? — »nd these ate all to he found in the report. Again,' reflect on the legislative enactments in favour of tea gardens, and niral walks hi sweet solitude— of Innocent, reci nations in ineanileriug groves, for the sensitive coalheavcr or the romantic dustman.- re liiiug from the labours of the day — of the disin ttrested pray«r that'taxeo on knowledge, that U to say, Uiut the stamp duty on newspapers, should be removed, in order that the minds br the people, . liei-Tjtened an-l sublimed by the perusal of the composition*' of- Mr. ' Uuckiughain at threepence instead otsevonpence, might devote to geniita what they nowdevoie to gin ; — theae, and a tlinusiind other fooleries of the same kind, are atio in ihe -.report! . ' Good God !' people will he inclined to say, aftei reading over thW rigmarole of rubbish. ' the iikiii is an ass! — Buckingham must he a rrgulur idiot.' Softly, good folks, softly. Anpther report was published. thi« week, which will^go far toward* proving that ' hiirh-reaching' Buckinijham' is not exactly a fool. The committee appointed lo cn qnire into the business of the Calcutta Journal,. -im* rcportnd that Iip had a large and valuable property in tlint paper, that he lo«tit hy tho arbitrary order to leave India, and that he deserves compensation. WiufrtJte evidence on which the committee came . ip llioVfe-vcoiiclu*ioim could be, we nre not awaro. We suppose it must hove been hi* own : — Saudford Arnot is conveniently dead. The fact is, that the Calcutta Journal was not worth anything whun he -.was turned out of India— Ihnt it was a failing nnd nil hut bankrupt concern— and that it watt a most pestilent and mischievous publication, which was ell-nerving of the auger or contempt of all to whom the safety of our Indian empire was of interest. 'As to coni|-en*ution for ihe toast sustained by this concert!, a hundred pound* would be in tnonuy . an 'ample equivalent, (for Hiickin};h.-uii could not hnve curried it on »ix months longer without making his way into jail,) but it would be a horrid waste of the public money to give him a farthinz. Ky the way it should not be .forgotten that BuckingliHiii was turned out of India by Adam, one' of the keenest of all keen Whigs, son of the'Old- Commissioner now quartered on the publican a pensioner. \V« (submit, then, that as Mr. Kiickinttliiim'ft lo«s i.« to be ntfribnted to the niiHcoudiict of Acliim Jim son, it ihould be paid out of the pension of Adam the tnther. It surely is uiunt iinreasiiinablu lo call upon ? the public to pay it. .' - ' Looking at the whole of th« ? Calcutta Jim mat .transaction, it will he admitted that the tiuspicion of idiocy attached to Buckingham by liii i-riihken Keport ifc considerably dispelled. A Grev Ghost. — TIim inhabitant* of Arlington-street, Camden Town, have lieuu seriously alarmed and ptiEzled at ihe suc cessful exertion* of a ghost, which seems to have irlelighteil in breakinff nil «»e win tlows in spile of their watchings aiKrwiiil 'ings. A person named Grey wna inkfn up, but the evidence ' being defective lit* -wan discharged. We know of another *Grey who has also been discharged, beint: out of spirits from giving up the ghost. We rlon't ktiow whether he has b^eii brttr.k ?iiig windows. biVt he \w Inken grout panes ? to ptit a good- glaze on his exit, which,, hottevcr wns nut made in a very sprite \y . manner. — Fhe Age. A smart shock of an earthquake was felt at Portsmouth ori Wednesday night List week, about ten o'clock. Several houses were much shaken, and some slight damage was sustained. In other houses, articles placed uajainst the walls, or upon shelves, were shaken violently, 