GHOSTS. " The next trial of my nervous system was at Sierra Leone. I was then in a frigate, and as fears were entertained that the French were about to make a descent upon some part of the settlement (a French squadron having been seen hovering off the coast,) the free negroes were armed, and enrolled as volunteers. To effect this at a villiage about six miles in the interior, I was despatched with proper orders, and the boat landed me at the nearest point to my place of destina- tion. It was late in the evening before my duty was completed : and as I was particu- larly desirous to return to the ship, and make my report, an officer of the York Rangers lent me a beautiful and spirited horse which I mounted, though not without a few misgivings, which were much increased when I was jocosely requested not to fall in love with the 'ghost' on on my road. On the way side stood a lone and uninhabited house, where a trafficker in human flesh had murdered his wife ; and ever since the lady, or her apparition had presented heself after dark before the gate. Beyond this house were the remains of a negro village, which, previously to colonisation, had been attacked by slave-dealers and burned. The aged inhabitants were massacred, the young were borne to slavery ; and now it was as- serted that the former visited their old habi- tations, and called aloud for vengeance to redress their wrongs. Such tales were not calculated to inspire composure ; but I strove to laugh at the joke passed on me, and started off at full speed, declaring that ' the ghosts should have a long chase, if they felt inclined to sport.' The empty boast still faltered on my heart, and my tremulous hand could scarcely hold the rein, when the house of death, all desolate, appeared in view. Striking the spurs into the sides of the generous animal, he sprang forward on his way, and passed the dreadful spot without my witnessing anything to ex- cite horror. Although the moon was up, yet storms were on the wind, and heavy clouds obscured her light. Often in ima- gination did I hear the shrieks of the slaugh- tered negroes as they came howling on the gale, whilst I rapidly approached the ruined village which had been the terrific scene of blood. A black cloud, thick with darkness overshadowed the picture, and spread a gloomy wildness over every object. The horse buried his hoofs deep in the sand, and, like an arrow from a bow, continued his fleet career ; when in a moment, he stopped, threw out his fore-legs, and reared upon his haunches, while streaming foam issued from his nostrils. It was with considerable diffi- culty that I retained my seat ; and as the creature refused to proceed, I rode back a short distance, and again made an effort to pursue my direct road, but in vain. Several times did I repeat the same attempt ; yet nothing had presented itself to my sight, though it was evident that the eyes of the horse were fixed upon something superna- turally terrific. At length the moon shed her dim light through a fleecy cloud, and with horror and amazement I beheld the cause of terror ; for right in the middle of the road appeared a long black coffin, and the pale beams of the moon glanced on the white escutcheons fixed on the top. Every feeling of the soul was racked to the ex- treme ; I uttered a great and awful name to which both quick and dead must pay obe- dience. The lid of the coffin was thrown up \--a figure slowly raised itself and gazed upon me. The horse pawed the ground with uncontrolled fury ; the howling of the gale seemed more dreadful ; -when a hollow voice vociferated, 'Dont be alarmed! Tis only uncle Joey !-So, so, poor fellow ! so, so !' The horse, hearing a well known sound, became pacified; and then I ascer- tained that Uncle Joey, a corporal in the newly raised volunteers, had been to town to fetch an arm chest, which had been made by a carpenter to deposit the muskets in. Having, however, drank rather freely, he had found himself drowsy, on his way back ; so, getting into the chest (which was painted black with a tin plate on the lid), and shut- ting himself in, he had enjoyed a comfortable nap, till the snorting animal and my shouting brought about his resurrection. I hardly need say how much my heart was lightened by this explanation, and that I parted with Uncle Joey and his shell in better spirits than had attended our meeting. Since that time I have had occasional returns of panic, but they have gradually diminished, and I am now almost as daring as my late excellent father, and I trust, that whilst my readers who are parents will keep a watchful eye that servants do not instil pernicious feelings into the breasts of their offspring, my young readers will rest satisfied on the assurance of an old man, that all ghosts are in reality mere Uncle Joeys." 