THE PATRIQTIC ASSOIATION CLUB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sydney, August 6, 1835. Sir,— It is the custom now-a-days for every great Parliamentary party in the mother-country to have its club; in the private meetings of which the measures and tactics of the party are discussed and 'aiiagendea before: Ibeing proposed- in Parlia ment. 'There is' thus, I have no doubt, The Peel-.'Club,. in'vwhich the worthy Premier regu larly marshi s 'his :'host of out-and-out Tories, uinder thii:conimand6tif Field Marshal, the Duke of Wellir?gtn:; There is also The Re-peal Club, in whicli 'the- great 'O'Connell, 'like' Hamlet's Ghost; oi'like'a i'ewly-arrived 'comet, S Doth' atail unfold:; Again, there,,is :that Mercurial little nian, Lord John RusseU s, ,or,the Whig Clulb, nd there, is Lord .Stanley's,. or the Half-wqy IHouse Club. "Why then," said, the speaker of a knot of Colonial patriots assembled together to discuss Colonial Politics over a pipe and a pintt of Jamaica, in the "Liver and Lights" public-house, last Wednesday evening, "Why then," said the worthy speaker, emitting a whole volume of smoke, at the time, "why should there not be a Pa- triotic Association Club, to concock measures for the Association, and to meet in this here public house every Wednesday?"— " Done!" exclaimed Mr. Timothy Steeltrap, a practising attorney's su- pernumerary clerk, who I am sorry to say has been unfortunately blind of an eye, ever since the last. Parramatta Races; "and I hereby offer my self as Honorary Secretary." The patriotic offer was, of course, no sooner made than accepted; and the Club, being thus duly formed and partly officered, proceeded to inquire what should be its business. "To take measures, to be sure, for making an entire new suit for the Colony," exclaimed Mr. Goose, the tailor, who had just got his Certificate, which he was handing round to the company in a small tin box. At this announcement there ,were cries of hear! hear I and a laugh. "'To kno? : up a niew Cabinet for the Colony," ex claimed Mr. ltanmerman the cabinet-maker.- (Another laugh.), "- To knock down the old one first," vociferated Mr. Going, the auctioneer; at w hich. there were loud shouts of applause. .~Mr. Going, who was evidently a leading matn in the Club, then proposed several Resolutions, ;,hich,had:been fairly written out by his frieni? Steeltrap, al~d which he prefaced with thd fd6 Iowvipg' eloquent speech.,, ?;;eijen, I ,thinks as how it is the hobjick of thjs Ciub'tob oncock measures for the Association. But SsGdemmen, it must all be kept a confoundeUd 'ser.ei? ?;(QR,. ;profound secret, but 6lr'r Going is un 'fbi:a~~tdly no scholar).; because why? I will tell l?-`,?i': Wll, I puts my name down some weeks agonrs for 501' at the head 'o' a list to raise the wind for poor ~.'Shiughnessy, to prosecute that troublesome Scotch parson::there. Every one said mum to it a; I shewed it,'eni, and promised not to split upon us; for one doqt like th.m things to come up again. But some on 'em did split though ;. for nobody can't place no depenm ence on most people in this here town, and so it 'all cahne'out flat, what we were a-doing, in the Parson s EIfle:i Davy. I nevei- was so taken, since I was last taken up, aand so I bolted out of Court directly. :Well; then, Gemimen; I' thinks as how it is the hob jick of this Club tbo 'concock measures for the Asso- ciationi;;,but I tell;you.+againri:itmust all-'be keptes cdnfounduedIsecret; ari3eause wliy. , I told1 ybuw. all:,_. about-tiibefore~S=o: :ohere; are, the measures' for this The following Resolutions were then put and carried by acclamation:— 1\. That no member of this Club shall vote for any person to be appointed to any responsible situation in the Patriotic Association, unless it shall be notorious that he either is or has been living with a concubine; it being the intention of this Club to support liberal men and liberal measures, and to put down all bigo- try and narrow-mindedness. 2\. That no member of this Club shall refuse to vote for any candidate for office in the Patriotic Asso- ciation merely because he is a Port Macquarie or second-sentence man; it being a fundamental princi- ple of this Club that all men are equal. 1,43.iT:.'hatthis Club have observed with unmingled delight.. tle, announcement of Mr. Keith's inten tion to propose himself as a candidate for the office of Secretary tpothe Association; and that, considering. hliias just the man who is likely to advance Australia, and tLat time-first Resolution may therefore be dis pensed'wvith in his favour, they shall forthwith forim themselves :into a Committee to carry his election, under. the denoniination of Mr. Keith's Committee. 4\. That Mr. Lawrence Little-body be requested to become Honorary Chaplain to the Association. A vote of thanks being then passed to the Landlord of the "Liver and Lights," who, I forgot to mention, had been elected President, the Club adjourned till the Wednesday following. How the Resolutions came into my hands, and whether the Club is likely to have much influ- ence on the Association generally, I leave your readers to ascertain. In the mean time, I am your most obedient HUMPHREY HEAR-ALL. 