THE GHOST OF ATHLONE. A TRUE STORY, The evening that closed on the market day at Athlone, brought, a traveller to the principal inn, which he found filled with company, and unable to accommodate him for the night. Having been accustomed to take up his quarters at the place, he expressed his regret at being prevented from doing so on the present occasion, and was about to depart, when a stout good natured looking man declared his willingness to share with the stranger the bed he had bespoken. The offer was accepted ; and the traveller and farmer, after making an excellent supper, proceeded together to their chamber. It was a large and dreary looking apartment, the taper not yielding sufficient light to penetrate the gloom in which the further end of the room was shrouded ; this circumstance was, however, unnoticed by the new formed friends, who were soon in bed, and almost as soon in a profound sleep. About midnight the traveller awoke, and, fancying that he heard a noise, quitted the chamber, the door of which he left ajar to distinguish it from others. Finding that he was mistaken, the stranger was soon on his return to the room. After passing his hand across many doors in the long corridor, one at length yielded to his touch, and, shivering with cold, he sprang into the bed, but was chagrined to find the middle occupied by his companion, and that it did not yield the delightfuI warmth he anticipated. Find- ing himself in imminent danger of sliding to the floor, he begged his bed fellow to give him room ; but receiving no answer, from words he proceeded to elbowings, pushings, &c.; all of which were unavailable. Rendered at length desperate, he resolved to move his un- accommodating partner by main force when, on placing his arm around him an icy chillness struck to his heart, and he discovered, from the rigidity and coldness of his limbs, that the stream of life had ceased to flow in the body beside him. Horror struck at the dis- covery, he was sitting upright in the bed, meditating on the course he should pursue, when a number of men, one bearing a coffin, entered the room ; no sooner, however did they perceive the figure of the traveller, than the coffin was thrown down, and the whole party took to their heels, followed by the stranger. The expedition used was so great, that this person bearing the light tripped over one of his companions, fell down the stairs, and left the whole party in darkness. The traveller dashed past the coffin bearer and assistants, and rushed into a large room, which, by the faint light of an expiring fire, he discovered to be the kitchen. He had not long remained in the place before he heard the steps of persons approaching, His bewildered imagination induced him to suppose he was followed by a party of robbers and murderers, to avoid whom, he secreted himself in the capacious chimney. Several Irishmen soon entered the kitchen, when, after a short silence, one of the party ejaculated,— " Och, and by Saint Patrick, I won't lose the job of burying the gentlemen becaz his ugly baste of a ghost scared me away with the coffin. Faith l'll light a bit of a candle, go back to the room, and lay the dead man in his black box illigantly." " Hould your tongue, you indacent teef," cried another, "and dont spake ill of as nate a ghost as ever was seen ; sure I am, he's in the kitchen somewhere, but I hope his honour will use me civilly, as civilly it is I spake of him." " By my soul, and you're a bit of a onward," cried the ex-coffin bearer, " but I'll light the dab of candle that's stuck in the top of my hat, or my name's not Terence O'Scrub.' Away went Terence O'Scrub, puffing and blowing at the embers, when, casting his eyes upwards he beheld above him the indistinct figure of the tra- veller. " I'm a dead man as sure as I'm alive," cried Terence, and fell flat on his back. This notification again dispersed the undertaker's assistants, who was met on the stairs by the farmer who, aroused by the disturbance in the house, had missed his bedfellow, and was enquiring where he had strayed to. An ecclaircissement soon followed, it appearing that the traveller, mistaking the chamber, had sallied into an apartment, where a person who had died in the house, had been placed previous to his interment, and that those who had been so alarmed and alarming, were the undertakers employed to remove the corpse. After this discovery, the traveller and farmer returned to their bedchamber, and passed the remainder of the night in peace. On Friday last, four men were executed at the customary place of expiating life for crimes. Our protest is already upon record in common with that of other portions of the Press, against the mode of deterring crime, by the exhibition of such examples. We believe the practice, circumscribing as it does the letter of the law, to be inefficacious for its avowed object ; and regret that it should still be thought expedient to sacrifice life, while the policy of the law ought to inculcate the inviolability of its preservation, and many circumstances. Our penal laws, which we regret to say, exceed in number and severity those of any other civllized nation, appear to be made to punish, instead of reform ; although punishment is a mere feather in the scale when weighed against reformation ! ! • • We regret to announce the death, in August last, at his residence in the Isle of Wight, at an advanced age, of William Lempriere, Esq., M.D., Deputy Inspector of Hospitals. Dr. Lempriere stood high in the scientific world. He was author of an interesting and well written ' Tour to Morocco' —of ' Popular Lectures on National Philosophy, and other subjects,'—on ' Diseases in Jamaica,' and several other works. He was uncle to Mr. Lempriere, of the Commissariat, now on duty at Port Arthur. During the Shrievalty of Messieurs Havines and Wilson for London and Middlesex, the last year, not a single execution took place at Newgate ! ! ! 