Sir J. F. W. Herchell's Address Continued. And what is most of all to the present purpose, the same desire, have once been pleased to be pleased again. In short, you will find that in the higher and bet- ter classes of works of fiction and imagi- nation duly circulated, you possess all you require to strike your grappling iron into their souls, and chain them, willing followers, to the car of advancing civili- nation. When I sprak of words of imagination and fiction, I would not have it supposed that I would turn loose among the class of readers to. whom I am more especially referring, a whole circulating library of novels. The novel, in its best form, I regard as one of the most powerful en- gines of civi ization ever invented--but not the foolish romances which used to be the terror of our maiden aunts ; not the insolent productions which the press has lately teemed with under the title of fashionable novels--nor the desperate at- tempts to novelize history which the herd of Scotts' imitators have put forth, which have, left no epoch since the creation un- tenanted by modern antiques--and no character in history unfalsified -—but the novel as it has been put forth by Cervan- tes and Richardson,. by Goldsmith, by Edgeworth, and Scott. In the writings of these, and such as these, we have a stock of works in the highest degree en- ticing and interesting, and of the utmost purity and morality--full of admirable lessons of conduct and calculated in every respect to create and cherish that inva- luable habit of resorting to books for plea- sure. Those who have once experienced the enjoyment of such works, will not easily learn to abstain from reading, and will not willingly descend to an inferior grade of intellectual privilege — they have become prepared for reading of a higher order — may be expected to relish the finest strains of poetry, and to draw with advantage from the purest wells of history and philosophy. Nor, let it be thought ridiculous or overstrained to as- sociate the idea of poetry, history, or philosophy, with the homely garb and penurious fare of the peasant. How many a rough hind, on Highland hills, is as familiar with the " Paradise Lost,'' or the works of his great national historians, as with his own sheep book. Under what circumstances of penury and priva- tion is not a high degree of literary culti- vation maintained in Iceland itself — , , 'In climes beyond the solar road, Where savage forms o'er ice-built mountains roam ; The muse has broke the twylight gloom To cheer the shivering native's dull abode.' And what is there in the cnaracter or cir- cumstances of an Englishman that should place him, as a matter of necessity, and for ever, on a lower level of intellectual culture than his brother Highlander, or the natives of the most inhospitable coun- try inhabited by man ! At least, there is always this advantage in aiming at the highest results— that the failure is never total, and that though the end ac- complished may fall far short of that proposed, it cannot but reach far in ad- vance of the point from which we start. There never was any great and perma-a nent good accomplished but by hoping for and aiming at something still greater and better. I have taken up a good deal of your time on this sttbject, and could still en- large upon it, but I will content myself with one or two observations in the way of caution, in the event of our adopting this or any similar project, of placing a certain portion of our library at the dis- posal of gratuitous readers. In the first place, then, it appears to me quite an in- dispensable feature of such a plan, that no work, in any department of reading, should be allowed a place in the portion so set apart, which is not of acknowledged and admitted excellence : nothing ephe- meral — nothing trashy — nothing in short, which shall have the slightest tendency to lower the high standard of thought and feeling which should be held up. The educated and cultivated reader may bear a great deal, and throw off what is un- worthy of the rest. The illiterate and ignorant is placed in danger by anything short of the very best. The other caution which IX would hold out is, that an extreme scrupulousness should be exercised, with reference to the admission of works on Politics and Legislation, into such a department ; in- deed I should strongly ' advocate their exclusion from it altogether. This is not from any jealousy of the discussion of po- litical subjects by all classes of English- men, which, in the present age, would certainly be a very superfluous feeling, but simply for this reason, that the true and useful object of such an institution is not to establish a school of politics, not to propagate opinions which every on who puts a political book into the hands of another must enevitable do) -- but to lay a broad foundation, by generally en- larging the information and cultivating the mental powers, to enable every man, however humble in his station, to form his own opinion on this and a great many other subjects of deep import, (since opinions he must and will have) with a generally better chance of forming a right one than he has at present. We shall be taking on ourselves a deep res- ponsibility, and one for which I may conscientiously for my own part say, I am not prepared by any step which may tend to interfere, one way or theother, with the free formation of public opinion on such subjects— nor indeed can I con- ceive a more probable cause of disagree- ment among ourselves, which is of all things the most to be deprecated, than the discussions which might arise on this point, the only way to keep clear of which is to exclude such works alto- gether. On the other hand, I see not the objection to the admission of a large class of works of this nature into that depart- ment of our library destined for the use of pecuniary subscribers— always reserv- ing, a strong objection against works of a violent party character. Indeed, I can hardly imagine a more useful addition to it than an assemblage of the best works on political ecpnomy, as a science, and a subject of rational enqniry entirely dis- tinct from politics--asubject it is true, on which much dispute subsists--but on which, among all its complication and difficulty, a dawn of light has begun to appear, and of which it is of the highest importance that every one callinghimself an educated man, should possess some knowledge, and some habit of exercising a logical discrimination, were it only to enable him to detect the fallacies which are continually brought forward. I might, now, Gentlemen, proceed to dilate on the advantagas generally to the more educated and better informed, of these accessions to their education and information, which is included in the very notion of a large access to a well- chosen library ; but time is short, and I am sure they are already appreciated. I shall, therefore, now, cease to trespass longer on your patience, and finish what I have to say, with the sincerest wshes for the progress of the institution, and its increase in everything that can add to the gratification of its members, and the general improvement of the neighbour- hood in which it has arisen. =========== Extraordinary CIRCUMSTANCE. Be- tween the hours of twelve and one on Wednesday night last, as Reed, one of the watchmen, was proceeding on his rounds in the London-road, he observed, gliding along the footpath, a most mys- terious looking figure, about six feet high, apparently clotlhd in white. It being just the witching time of night, " when churchyards yarn and graves give up their dead,'' he 'stood for a time petrified with fear, imagining that some tenant from the tomb from St. Jude's or the neighbouring churchyard had pro- bably presumed to evisit this sublunary world. The gaunt figure, with measured and solemn step, strode along its noc- turnal course, without deigning to look either to the right or to the left, until it arrived at Gildart-street, down which it turned, leaving the apparition-struck Cer- berusin the most wonderful state of aston- ishment and dismay. He at length mus- tered sufficient courage to knock his stick agains the payement, by which signal his brother Charlies were made acquaint- ed that distress existed somewhere or other, and up came an irishman. named Kenny, to whom he related the particu- lars of the fright into which he had been put by the appearance of this extraordin- ary sprite, not forgetting to add, that it had saucer eyes and green spectacles, and stating the fact, that it exchanged a nod with the statue of George III, in its progress. The auxiliary watchman being an Irishman, and a good catholic withal, having repeated a few ghost-proof prayers, prevailed upon, his affrighted colleagueto give chase to the figure, and ascertain whether it was truly a ghost. This was Agreed upon, and after a severe run they came within ten yards of the figure, which was wending its way to- wards Everton, in the same independent, ghost-like manner as when first seen. "Speak to it, Pat," tremulously cried the exhaused watchman to the Hiber- nian, upon which the latter, at a respect- able distance, bawled out, "Hollo, my honey, stop a bit, and give an account of ye's, or ghost or devil you goes to Bride- well." To this gruff salutation the figure returned no answer, and as Pat's Con- naught blood could not brook contemp- tuous silence, he sprang forward, and seized the sprite; but instead of grasping a remnant of mortality, he found that he had embraced two yards and half of blood bone, and flesh, in the shape of an unfor- tunate tall tradesman, of London-road, who had risen from bed asleep, unfasten- ed his shop door, and had walked that distance with nothing on but his shirt. When seized by the watchman he awoke, but was for some minutles unconscious of his situation. On coming to himself, he stated his name and residence; and the watchman having accompanied him home, found the street-door of the shop wide open, and the statement he had given of himself was perfectly correct. This with its attendant incidents, is a most extraor- dinary instance of somnambulism. Spring Guns in Farm Yards.— Lord Melcourne has obtained an Act of Parliament, for securing stacks agaiinst the destruction of incendiaries, for the wisdom of which the annals of legisla- tion have hardly a parallell. This Act empowers farmers and others to set spring guns in their yards to shoot those who approach to fire their stack, and the fol- Iowing is the mode of its operation:— The incendiary leans over the wail of the farm-yard, and discharges a fire ball into a rick; a blaze rises, the inhabitants of the farm-house, are alarmed, they rush into the yard to extinguish the flames, and the foremost man is shot dead on the spot by the spring gun! Panic-struck at the event, his fellows fly from the spot, and the next day a coroner's in- quest is held, and a verdict of "Died by Act of Parliament" is returned.—Deo- dand on the Act 1s. An excellent and humane plan for getting rid of the su- perabundant population of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. —-Herts Chronicle. 