DARBY AND THE GAME. (From the Dublin Penny Journal.) 'Twas one of those days when the sun in its perpendicular altitude looks at two sides of the hedge at once--lovely mid- summer day; when nature was laughing till her sides ached, and mother earth, in her gayest mood was lavishing her promises and her smiles to her often un- grateful children, the lambs were skip- ping to and fro within their enclosed pastures, and the cows, with grave and matron aspect, were lolling in the sun, and ruminating their already gathered repast; every thing seemed happy except the Shepherd Darby. Poor fellow! A 'green and yellow melancholy,' had settled on his manly cheek; his grief he revealed not, but let concealment, like a worm i' the bud,' prey upon his spirits; he stalked about the field like a ghost, or leand upon his crook in silent despair. Lord Anglefield and Squire Buck- thorm were riding past to dinner. 'I wonder,' said his lordship to the squire, 'what can be the matter with my shep- herd Darby. He seems in a galloping con- sumption, and were I to lose him, I would not see his like again for many a long day. He is the most honest, steady, careful creature in the world, and never told a lie in his life.' 'Never told a lie in his life! Good! Why, my lord, do you really believe such nonsense? 'Decidedly I do. I know your opinion is not very favorable as to the moral cha- racter of our dependents, yet there are some of them not unworthy of trust.' They now advanced nearer, and his lordship held up his whip as a signal, and over bounded Darby. 'Well, Darby, that shower we had last night served the pastures.' 'It did, my lord, and the cows will give a larger meal, and require milking earlier this evening through means of it 'Darby, bring over my favourite ram, that this gentleman may see it.' 'Yes my lord. Hallo Sweeper, away for Ballface,' In a few minutes the dog hunted the the ram up from the flock. 'That's a clever turn my worthy,' said the squire, 'here's half a crown to drink.' 'Thanks to your honor,' said Darby, 'but the worth of that in strong drink will serve me a year, and yet I'll spend it on drink all in one night.' 'Explain this riddle, Darby.' 'Why, sir, when I feel myself merry enough without it, where's the use in taking it? That stream can slake my thirst as well. Yet I'll speak for others \--many a one there are who must have strong drink to give them false spirits. On them will I spend it to open their hearts, and make them forgot their day's toil.' 'You are a worthy fellow, and a phi- losopher', said Lord Amplefield, with a look of triumph, as he and the squire rode off. 'What say you to my shepherd now?' 'A mighty plausible fellow indeed! Yet proud as you are of him, my lord, I'll bet a score of sheep that before two days I'll make him tell you a barefaced lie, out and out." 'Done!' said his lordship, the wager was laid, and the squire set out on his lie-making expedition. He soon ascertained the cause of Darby's melancholy. There had been a quarrel between him and the girl of his heart, the lovely Cauthleen. Pride prevented a reconciliation, though both would have given the world to be in each others arms. To her the squire bent his steps, succeeded in drawing out the secret that she loved Darby with a heart and a half, and then artfully upbraiding her with unkindness in neglecting the 'worthy young fellow', who was dying for her, he contrived to inveigle her by a series of falsehoods, into a plan to get reconciled to Darby, and while in the height of his happiness to coax the ram from him. It suc- ceeded next day to admiration--and the laughing girl tript home, leading the animal with a kerchief taken from her snowy bosom. Darby was now left to solitary reflec- tion. The hour was rapidly approaching when his lordship usually took his round, and he would infallibly miss his favourite ram--what was to he done? To tell a LIE appeared to his honest mind the very essence of degradation--to EQUIVO- CATE was meanness execrable; yet an excuse must be had! A sudden thought seized him --he resolved to see how a lie would look before he told it and plant- ing his crook in the field, and placing his hat on, it in order to personate himself, he retired to a little distance, and in the character of his lordship, hailed the effigy as follows: 'Good morrow, Darby.' 'Good morrow, my lord.' 'How are the flocks to-day, Darby?' 'Pretty fair, my lord.' 'Darby, I don't see my favourite ram \--where is he?' 'Oh, my lord, he--he--he--.' 'He what, Darby?' 'He was drownd-ed--my--my lord!' 'Darby if I did not know your general character for carefulness, I should feel exceedingly annoyed, but I presume it was an accident. Send the fat and hide up to the castle.' 'That won't do!' murmured Darby, slowly turning away. He resolved to try again. 'Good morrow, Darby.' 'Good morrow, my lord.' 'Are the flocks well to-day, Darby? 'Bravely, my lord.' 'And my ram, Darby, where is he?' 'My lord he--, he--.' 'Is there any thing wrong? tell me at once.' 'He was sto-len, my-lord,' 'Stolen! stolen! I saw him this morning as I was riding past! When was he stolen?' 'That won't do either,' exclaimed the poor shepherd, as he turned away the second time. 'Cruel, cruel Cauth!' Something seemed to whisper to him. 'Try if perhaps the TRUTH will do!' Fresh courage animated his desponding mind, and wheeling about, he recommenced the colloquy, and on coming to his usual interrogation, 'where's the ram,' he dropped on his knees, and exclaimed, 'Oh my lord, I had a falling out with my sweetheart, and she would not make it up with me unless I made her a present of your lordship's favourite ram. Discharge me, my lord, do with me what you please, but I could not bring myself to tell your lordship a LIE!' 'That will do!' shouted Darby, spring- ing from his knees, and walking down with a feeling of honest exultation. He had scarcely time to compose himself when his lordship and the squire appeared. Darby, on the usual interrogation being put, he dropped on his knees, and told 'the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; and instead of seeing a frown gathering on his lordship's counte- nance, he beheld him turn with a look of triumph towards the squire, while he ex- claimed, "An honest man's the noblest work of God! The ladies are informed, in conclusion that the squire's forfeited sheep were given to Cauthleen as a dower, and in taking the hand of her shepherd, she promised never again to put his truth and constancy to so severe a trial. 