LONGEVITY. The following notice happened to fall aside at the time it was received ; a paragraph on the same subject was inserted from another correspondent, but the present notice will not be found unin- teresting even now :—Died, on Saturday morning last, in the Government Dairy, Parramatta, an old woman well known by the name of 'Betty Hackells.' She came to the colony in the first fleet, and, on account of her good conduct, was successively patronised by the different Governors. She was for many years servant in the family of Governor King, from whose lady she experienced much kindness and attention, which she remem- bered with gratitude to the day of her death. The present Governor frequently visited her, and supplied her with provisions from his own table. She did not suffer any considerable pain during her last illness, and was perfectly sensible until a short time previous to her dissolution, observing to the person who attended her "I am going."— These were her last words. Her days were pro- longed far beyond the usual period allotted to man, and to use the expressive language of the Scriptures, she "gave up the ghost being old and well stricken in years." Her age cannot be cor- rectly ascertained, but it is conjectured that she was in her hundred and fifth year. Her remains, by order of His Excellency the Governor, were decently interred in the Churchyard, Parramatta, on Monday last. LIST OF VESSELS SPOKEN BY THE BARQUE NOORMU- HUL.—Friday, March 14, 1834, a schooner.—Tues- day, April 29, barque Tamar, out seven months, 250 barrels sperm oil.—Wednesday, May 28, brig Lunar four months, 100 barrels sperm oil.—Monday, June 16, Governor Halkett, twenty months, 1900 barrels sperm oil.—Friday, July 11, a strange sail, but did not speak.—Monday, October 19, barque Thetis of London, twenty-six months, 1700 barrels sperm oil. Saturday, January 3, 1835, ship Addison, of Fair- haven, no news.—Tuesday, January 6, ship Matilda of London, thirty months, 1900 barrels sperm oil.— 'Thursday, January 15, Lady Blackwood, fifteen months, 900 barrels sperm oil.—Friday, January 20, barque Pallas of America, out 148 days, after bech- Slemer.-Friday, January 27, Juno, Sydney, one imonthi, sixty barrels sperm oil.-January 26, ship .Elizabeth of London, no news.--Sunday, February 1 , Lynx of Sydney, five ionths, ninety barrels sperm oil.-Saturday, February 7, Japan of Nantucky, five xmionths, no account of what oil.-Tuesday, February 17, Wanstead. out from Sydney three months, 1300 barrels in all.-Wednesday, April 22, Australian of Sydney, out from Bay of Islands six weeks, having procured in that time 150 barrels sperm oil.-Friday, May 22, Pocklington, out fifteen mon'hs, 300 bar rels sperm oil.-Friday, June 12, Marianne of Ho bart Town, seven months, 105 barrels sperm oil. Tuesday, April 28, Lindsay of Hobart Town, eleven months, 1000 barrels sperm oil.-Thursday, July 2, Elizabeth of Sydney, Captain Fowler, eleven months, S1800 barrels sperm oil. . We have received a copy of the Laws and Regu lations of the Newcastle Mechanics' Institute, Li brary and Museum. We intend making some ex ,tracts from it in a future number. We have also to acknowledge the 'receipt of a pamphlet, entitled "Rights of Juries; in six essays, by Edward Smith Hall," but have not yet had time to peruse it.. A dray belonging to Thomas Howe, Esq., of'Rich latid Burra Burra, was stopped a few days since, at a place called Cut Hill, near the residence of J. B. SL. D'Arietta, Esq. of Moreton Park, by a party of armed bushrangers who have been' prowling in that -Yeighbourhood for some time back. Mr. Howe's dray was returning from Sydney with supplies for his establishment; they proceeded very coolly to empty it of its contents, but some other drays coming behind alarmed the fellows, and obliged them to decamp .before they had completed their object. They car riedi off with them a quantity of shirts and some tobacco. One of the bushsangers told the men not to le uneasy about the affair, as it was their intention to see Mr. Howe also, on his way up, and they would inform him of what had occurred. The bushrangers are said to be seven in number and well armed. 