IT is with unspeakable gratification we have to announce the important fact—the Whig administration is no more! That administration, many of the members of which, having attained political (and other) stations, which when they contemplated, they must have been filled with astonishment, al finding themselves where they were, upon the shoulders of the people, shewed the utmost anxiety to depress and keep down that very people by seeking to return to principles and practises which had cost their predecessors their posts, and which, being in violation of public opinion, the only real source of power, they have fallen, and most deservedly, for the offence. We most sincerely rejoice at this, and we further most sincerely rejoice at the manner in which they have been—unpa ralleled in Court history—KICKEDOUT! T^srn^eirie'TevoTuhon-of establishing a Dictatorship / For what is not the situation of the Duke of Wellington, who now holds the seals of the whole of the principal offices of the State, His Majesty having been graciously, right Royally, and right uxoriously pleased to compose his present Cabinet, the reader, although he stares with astonishment and incredulity, may nevertheless be assured of the fact, as follows :— First Lord of the Treasury—Duke Wellington Chancellor of Exchequer Ditto. President of Council Ditto. Lord Privy Seal Ditto. The three Secretaries of State Ditto. First Lord of Admiralty Ditto. President of Board of Control Ditto. Chancellor Duchy of Lancaster Ditto. Secretary at War Ditto. Master of the Mint Ditto The whole of the late Ministers delivered the seals of their offices to the King in Council, on Monday, the 17th November, at 2 o'clock, and His Most Gracious Majesty the King, by and with the advice of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, was pleased at another Council at 3 o'clock, TO SWEAR in His Grace the Duke of Wellington, Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, First Lord of the Treasury, and to deliver to him the Seals of Office, that is to say, to invest in him, the duties thereof—of all the above-mentioned Departments of the State. If this is not a Ministerial Dictatorship, we know not what would be one. Upon Lord Lyndhurst was bestowed the custody of the Great Seal, the noble Lord being also Chief Baron of the Exchequer. All these delightful occurrences took place in a Council composed of the following highly POPULAR personages.—The King^ the Dictator, Sir Charles M. Sutton, (Speaker) Lord Lyndhust, Mr. Goulburn, Lord Jersey, Sir H. Hardinge (1st A. D. C. to the Dictator), Lord Cowley and Lord Maryborough, (the Dictator's two amiable brothers), and the great and glorious Earl of Munster, Lord Adolphus Fitz-Jordan, his brother, being " Lord in Waiting" on the felicitous occasion. We shall endeavour to give our readers a short view of the manner in which this great event lias been effected. Lord Spencer, the father of Lord Althorp, died on the 10th November. It is a constitutional principle, that the keeper of the purse of the people—the Chancellor of the Exchequer, must sit in the House of the people—the Commons House. Lord Althorp, having now become "a Peer of the Realm," could no longer do 60. Lord Melbourne, the late Premier, went to the King, at Brighton, on Saturday the 15th, and in the plain and manly manner for which that nobleman during his whole life has been distinguished, expressed the difficulty he should have in replacing Lord Althorp—not only in his office, but as leader of the House of Commons. He explained fully the necessity of adopting a decisive course, either of marching forward by infusing additional " Radicalism" into the Administration, or by falling back upon Conservatism. He suggested, rather than recommended, Mr. Littleton as Lord Althorp's successor—he made other suggestions ; but it would seem, that all had been already settled. The result of the " eniretierC was, that Lord Melbourne himself became the bearer of the letter to the Duke of Wellington from the King commanding his presence to undertake the whole Government pro tempore, and the positive commands of the King to ALI. THE CABINET MINISTERS to attend him on the Monday following (the next day in fact) to deliver up their Seals of office! and they did so.—Short work this! Sir Robert Peel was at Venice—without him, the Dictator cannot go on, and, accordingly, he was sent for, post-haste—until his arrival, nothing definitive can be done —for to him must be trusted the House of Commons, and the real working oi the Go vernment. It is probable, that Parliament will not assemble until late in February, in order to enable the new Ministers to consolodatc. It is not improbable, that the chief offices of the State will shake out of the Dictator's bag somewhat as follows :— Duke of Wellington, First Lord of Treasury Sir £ M - Su . tton I Chancellor of the Excheque or Mr. Baring, J Lord Lyndhurst, Chancellor Sir R. Peel, Home Secretary Mr. Croker, The Admiralty Lord Londonderry, Privy Seal Lord Munster, Master of the Horse Lord Winchelsea, President of the Council Lord Ellenborough, President Board of Control Duke of Richmond, Postmaster General Lord Westmorland, Duchy Lancaster Lord Chandos, Master of the Mint Sir James Scarlett, Lord Chief Baron Sir George Clerk, Secretary to the Treasury Sir C. Wetherell, Attorney General Sir E. Sugden, or Mr. Follett, Solicitor General Mr. C. W. Wynne, Speaker We cannot venture to offer an opinion of the course which the new Administration will adopt. The Dictator well knows, that he has no longer a nominal Parliament at his command—a dissolution would do little for him; it mightgive him a few County Members, but it would add to the Radical interest a much greater number in large towns, and, perhaps, instead of an " O'Connell Tail" of 40, the joints would be encreased to the whole 100. The Times of the 18th November, has the following excellent passage upon the subject:— " To imagine thai the Duke of Wellington, or that any man with a tithe of his sagacity, could undertake the administration of a country so pervaded as this is by a universal consciousness, that the application of the reform principle to many gross abuses of Church and State still remains uneffected; and that without its further and systematic progress, the peace and well-being of every rank of society must be aliogether—insecure to imagine we say, that the Duke of Wellington could undertake his present office in the expectation of being able to obstruct the regular advancement of the reform principle—and, in doing so, to resist the whole intellectual and moral force of England, would be to stamp him a maniac. * * • * * • * » * Our own resolution respecting the Duke of Wellington, is to deal with lum as we have done with Lord Grey and with Lord Grey's successor—to watch him closely—to oppose him vigorously though not factiously, when he deserts what we conceive to be his duty ; and when difficulties beset him in the faithful performance of that duty, to help him with equal vigour. A Reform Minister he must be, or no Minister of William the IVth. His Grace will speedily find, that he has no longer a Borough Parliament to deal with. Upon one subject, though of inconsiderable moment, it may be well to remark, that the charge of preconcerted intrigue for the overthrow of Lord Melbourne's Cabinet in this instance, must be destitute of foundation—inasmuch, as if the Duke of Wellington had been prepared *ith a list of colleagues, he needed not to have received into his own hands the Seals of the Secretaries of State.— In point of fact, no appointment has taken place, except that of the Duke, who has hissed handsas first Lord of the Treasury and sworn in Hume Secretary, and will conduct the Government by means of the Under-SecretarieB, until the-arrival in England of Sir Robert Peel." It is quite cliear, tbat the present is one of long settled predetermination. That the King never liked the Whigs, all, who have looked closely at events, and compared them with long-fixed habits, associations, connections—and what all Kings must of necessity consider their dearest interests— their RIGHT to consider the people as their SUBJECTS, in the fullest meaning of that word—all, we say, who have contemplated these Royal feelings, must be convinced, that the Sailor King (as the Soldier King his brother,would have been compelled to in like circumstances) endured the Whigs, because public opinion and the march of events forced them upon them. Who has forgotten the three days dismissal of Lord Grey during the progress of the Reform Bill—the midnight-Munster-muster at Apsley House—the Duke of Wellington's window- barricaded town residence, when the Great Captain " put away the Crown," because he was told openly by Lord Hill, that if the rejection of the Reform Bill produced collision with the people, the troops could not be relied upon ? The King was compelled to take the Whigs back—but blind, indeed, were those who duped themselves by doubtng, that he deeply deplored the necessity which so compelled him! Where has been Lord Munster, the Tory negociator, ever since Venturing not to publicly encounter the people upon any one occasion, he has been either hidden in the recesses of the Queen's private apartments—passing and re-passing between the Duke of Cumberland in Berlin and the Tory Conclave in Carlton Place, or in carrying secret communications from the highest quarters with the " Holy Alliance," counteracting, in private, the diplomacy of the Administration! The long pursued intrigue at last burst forth—the die is cast; and the " caster ' on the one side, and llie people on the other, must " abide r the hazard!" Unspeakably do we rejoice at this ! The contest will be between public opinion— loudly expressed by nineteen millions of plunderers"ol h flie"*vailous denominations, whose only reliance can be upon the bayonet. Yet Lord Hill, in 1832, was not quite secure on this head! Already are the whole people of the United Kingdom on the alert. Public Meetings, to address the King not to call the Tories—the Duke of Wellington especially—to power, are convened in all the parishes of London, and in every county and large town. Large placards appear everywhere containing the few but expressive words—TO YOUR TENTS, OH ! ISRAEL ! Fervently do we rejoice at this—how excellently well it works for the crisis ! We have before us the London Journals to the 19th November—we regret that our space prevents our copying from the really leading journal of the world—the " Times" —its daily sentiments, from the death of Lord Spencer to the denouement—the placing the people in the hands of the Dictator. On the 18th, (Tuesday) that splendid Journal gives extracts from the previous Evening Papers of all parties. We very much wish that we could copy them, but our limited space prevents us; we shall do so, however, in our next, with other extracts from the different journals we possess of the important week, from the 12th to the 19th. We cannot now, however, pass by the leading article of the Observer of the 16th—it is cool—temperate, and unprejudiced either way:— " We know not whether the Duke of Wellington is prepared to form a Ministry, and the absence of Sir Robert Peel, who is at present in Florence, mav, perhaps, delay for a while any decisive announcement on the subject, unless indeed it be, as many persons assert, that the whole matter had been already arranged ; that His Majesty had made up his mind to get rid of the Whigs upon the first concasion; and that the death of Karl Spencer has been deemed a sufficiently plausible pretext for carrying the determination into immediate effect. For our part, we beg leave distinctly to state that we believe King William wholly incapable of exhibiting any:s'uch wantof candour as that insinuated against him in these reports ; nor should we have ventured to give, through our columns, a further currency to the unworthy suspicion, had is not been already much canvassed, and excited a deep indignation in every quarter in which it has been entertained. We will say, however, that 'vhether it be with the Kin" himself, or with an illustrious personage nearest the Throne, or with whomsoever it be that this change has originated, an awjul. responsibility must rest upon the adviser. " On Friday the country was in a state of profound tranquillity; our commerce flourishing ; our vast manufacturing population fully and actively employed. Political excitement had subsided, and the people awaited with calmness the announcement of those measures of reform which are kppwn so be in preparation—relying with confidence on the character and expressed intentions of a libieral Government, and beJieving that their just expectations would not be disappointed. Such was the state of things on Friday ;—yesterday we were suddenly aroused from our repose, and called upon to prepare for a fierce and formidable struggle—the old Tory party am making one effort more to disturb the peace, and impede the prosperity of the country. They are seizing upon the Government, but they have not yet surprised the people j and, if the liberal party it true to themselves—and he will be a bold man who dares at such a moment to become an apostate—tht discomfiture, we trust the annihilation, of the faction will be complete. What ! are we again to he struck down by the iron gauntlet of the Duke of Wellington 1 or will his Grace summon round him those who have no principles but his commands, and—reckless of everything that he has said, done, or professed, and at the sacrifice of every thing like politicial integrity—will he offer to carry through those measure* of Corporation and Church Reform knewn to be prepared by the present Government for the meeting of Parliament 1— if lie offers will he be believed 1 Ought the country to confide in a Statesman wlio has exhibited such inveterate hostility to everything that is liberal in government and tolerant in religion? But if he agrees to sacrifice the Corporations, will he in like manner give up the Irish Chuieh 1 Will those who contended to-day for the full exaction of Tithes, pass the Bill next Session which they rejected inthelast? Will the Duke of Wellington, trampling upon everything like consistency, drag through the mud, apostate Lords and recreant Bishops 1 and if he should do so, trill he vat Ihen have done more to degrade the Aristocracy, and put in peiil the Church, thaii the most destructive Badical could hope to have achieved for years to come?" Again, from the True Sun of the 17th:— " We mistake our counfrymen mightily—we mistake the few leading spirits that have been summoned to their councils, and who may enjoy their confidence—if they or any of them are at this time to be scared by the mere ghost of a Military Premier ; if the mere shadow of the Great Captain striding into Downing-street, is to cast over the least-spirited portion of them the heavy gloom of superstition, and to frighten them into a shameful submission to oligarchial Will ! Few are the people now-a-days who would, even in a more friendless and perilous crisis than this, turn pale at the bare pronunciation of the name of Wellington—who would be induced to re- gret the downfall of a Whig despotism, through fear of a Tory one—who would desire the continuance of a bad Government, through dread of the possibility of a worse. No—we have the name of Durham to work spells with ; and it shall counteract any that may yet wait upon the once terrible cognomcn of the Conquerer. What says the Badical Cassius unto B> vtus?— ny SllOUia anri thai Caesar! name what ue suuuuuu should inuic be in that ihan Cffisar yours y » . Write them together, yours is as fair a name ; Sound them—it doth becorfoe the mouth as well ; Weigh them—it is as heavy ; conjure with them— Brutus will start a spirit as soon as Ciesar!" The parallel will not hold good ; for the influence which the Earl of Durham may now immediately exercise over the minds of his countrymen, would be underrated beyond ali expression by a comparison with any assumption of authority, howevei formidable in display, and however fierce in exercise, that the Duke of Wellington can by possibility meditate. With the moral power of the whole people at the back of Lord Durham, how worse than idle are the associations of even military power that may be connected with the Captain's Cabinet! Will not the great body rf the people instantaneously receive this impression, as the news of the morning circulates amongst them ! Will they not instantly call to mind the spirit of the pafsage we Lave just quoted, and remember more especially the wise and true meaning of the expression which precedes that passage, and which Mr. Cobbett lately used with admirable address:— " The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, But in ourselves, that we are underlin°s We are sure they will. We are sure that the whole mass of the people will , after the first burst of astonishment at this extraordinary demonstration of spirit in their rules, at once call upon Lord Durham to do them, their cause, and himselt, Justice. Justice can be lawfully and peacefully procured—if the people will it. Lord Durham can, we believe he wilt, aid and direct them. There must be no "sleeping on it"—our enemies will not sleep an instant. It has been proposed to invite the Earl to a public dinner in the Metropolis, immediately previous to the assembling of Parliament. Now is the time. Meetings must every where be held—the common ohject of them all, to petition the King to entrust the formation of u Ministry to the Ea;l of Durhum!" There can be no doubt of the fact, that the King had pre-determined to get rid of the Reform Ministry on the first possible occasion—that Lord Brougham knew it -—and thence his coquetting with the Tories, and his repeated declarations during his Scottish Mountebankings, " if little was done, last session, less would be done the next " But this would not do. Did Lord Brougham ever believe that King William had forgotten the bitter leproaches with which Mr. Brougham all but overwhelmed the the Diike of Clarence during the Queen's trial ? Did he believe that the King had forgotten Mr. Brougham's splendid apostrophe, upon Mrs. Jordan's being permitted by the father of her children, the now ennobled " Fitzclarences" to die all but of want in a stranger land ? If he did he knew little of the human mind, still less of that of Royalty. Lord Brougham's Tory overlurings only added contempt to dislike He brought upon him the disgust of the King, and the alarm of the people! He fell—as all double-dealers do—despised by both parties, and without a retreat to rally upon. What if he returns to the people's side, and again the lightnings of his powerful sarcasm flash against the enemies of the people, is there a human being who would believe in his sincerity ? Will they not think that his return to the people is " the means to the end" of his own return to power ? Never was there a more striking instance of the miserable policy (statesmen like Lord Brougham pass by its detestable baseness) of ingratitude, either public or private. Lord Brougham owed his all to the people—he repaid them by deserting them, at the very moment when had he remained firm, the King mould not have dared the recent avowal of his real principles. Well indeed has the " Times" reproached the Ex-Chancellor, with being the " great ally of Tory— the great enemy of Whig Administration ! We have only been enabled thus to give a short summary of the event—in our next we shall furnish details, copied from the most influential journals. We have confined this notice strictly to the important change in the Administration. Indeed there is little else of interest before us. On Friday, the 14th, consols fell to 90, on Saturday rose to 91, fell on Monday to 90, on Tuesday the Barings and the whole of the monied Tories went into the market and " Bulled' the funds by immense purchases, up again to 91 §— the last quotation we find. THE great question—Penal Settlement —Prison Discipline and Slavery ; or Free Colony—Free Institutions and Free Men, came on for discussion, and thoroughly was it discussed, on Saturday. Although the only speaker in favour of the great prison was Mr. Young (for Mr. Robertson argued equally strongly on both sides) yet he did all which could by possibility be done in support of a state of things, which no man can attempt to justify, without violating every principle of political liberty—of ordinary humanity, and even of public and private benefit. This last—- the pounds, shillings and pence "core-sidera-tion" view of the subject, was splendidly denounced by Mr. Gellibrand with that vivid energy, which so truly despicable a reference could not fail to excite! Mr. Horue and Mr. Kemp also poured forth upon it the vials of their strongest indignation! Well, indeed, did they compare it to the sale of birthright for a mess of pottage! The objections urged by Mr. Young to the emancipation of the Colony were threefold. First—in reference to the benefits, which he insisted upon it, the Colonists possessed under what he described as the very best of all possible systems—prison discipline; secondly—as respects the right of Britain to continue to inflict upon this Island its system of punishment upon its offenders, in order to prevent the commission of crime in Britain; thirdly—in reference to the necessity of keeping the Crown prisoners, sent here, under " wholesome control." All these points have been already so thoroughly investigated in this Journal, that we consider it would be an improper disposition of the property of our readers in these pages, further at present to return to them. Since the Meeting, we have had the pleasure to converse upon its important subject, with a highly intelligent Colonist free from prejudice or bias on either hand. He suggested a modified arrangement, which, he considered, would meet general support. He agrees fully, that the time has quite arrived when the Colony can dispense with the transmission of British prisoners upon the present system. He denies that it would be of advantage to the Colonv, that all the prisoners of Britain should be henceforward sent hither and landed free—because there are (and, however, it maybe the fault of Britain heruelf that they have so been, there is no doubt of the" fact) a considerable portion of Metropolitan offenders, designated by the Scottish Law, " habit and repute thieves," who possess neither the power nor the inclination to gain their living by their labour. Not so, he says, as to the labouring men—agriculturists—mechanics and others from the Provinces, who, in most cases, would afford a most useful supply of free labour. He agrees with the Transportation Committee and the Edinburgh Review, that all those who could not be thus beneficiallv to themselves and to the Colony so transmitted hither, should be subjected to the - American " Auburn" system, where the great object of the imprisonment is, by instructing the prisoner in some trade or occupation suited to his capacity, habits, and powers, thereby to enable him honestly to support himself upon his enlargement, which, under the British system, is wholly and altogether impossible—and thus, again, to furnish a large and useful supply of free labour to the Colonies. In respect to the difficulty started by those who insist upon.it, that liberating the prisoners at present in bondage here for British offences only, would be attended with every description of anarchy, he proposes to extend to those in the Government gangs at once the ticket-ofleave system as a mere passport—its period of very short duration to the restoring them to unqualified liberty. Those assigned to private service, as their sudden removal might be attended with considerable inconvenience, he proposes they should remain exactly in statu quo, except under the mere change of name to " indented servants." Thus continuing, in every case where it can be necessary that " wholesome control" of which so much has been said, and which is, assuredly, quite control enough for the exclusively British offender to be placed under. This is, we believe, the modified plan of "prison discipline" which our intelligent friend considers the very utmost which can be necessary for the real interests of the Colony, and which it is highly probable would be at once conceded by Britain, in co-operation with its home " Auburn" without in the least compromising its own criminal punishment policy. But our friend, we fear, mistakes much of the cause of opposition made to the emancipation of the Colony ; for such in real truth, would be the emancipation of the slaves. We fear, that that opposition arises, although in the honorable and generous unconsciously, yet in too many other instances, consciously, out of the love of power, and the unwillingness to part with it. Others there are, who erect themselves into judges of the nature and extent of offences, OF WHICH THEY IN MOST CASES CAN KNOW NOTHING, committed, not against the community here, but at the greatest possible earthly distance from it, and the penalty thereof, AVOWED BY THE JUIV;E WHO AWARDED IT TO BE WORSE THAN DEATH, awarded after an investigation upon the average of sixteen hundred consecutive cases, of THREE MINUTES AND A HALF DURATION ! These Colonial condemners, in the plenitude of a feeling to which we forbear to give a name, acting perfectly in keeping with the well-known description of them, that they are " materials for punishment" exclaim, " What! would you allow British convicts to escape?" Thus forgetting the dearest interests of " the land they live in " carrying their zeal for the land they have abandoned, so far as to vociferate at the top of their voices, against ceasing to be its executioners! An excelleut illustration of this was afforded on Saturday by Mr. Robertson in one of his speeches against emancipation, in answer to another of his speeches in favor of it. He protested strongly against the landing the British offender free from "prison discipline," and expatiated largely upon the injustice of placing the " Old Bailey convict," upon an equal footing with the " honest Britishpauper emigrant " Now, passing by the real fact, that the three minutes and a half " worse-than-death" work, notwithstanding Mr. Robertson's insisting upon it, that the law can do no wrong, (we apprehend we shall hear a different doctrine by and bye, at all events as respects libel law), works at the very least, quite as much injustice as justice—passing this by, vet what " tinkling cymbal" trap-clap to the "comparative-rank'' is not this? Mr. Gellibrand, in his truly able speech, proved the dishonesty of such an argument. Talk of" Felons!" If there can be by possibility suchathingas argumentative felony, here is a precious specimen of it, of the most " capital" description. Why, was not the very principle for which Mr. Gellibrand was ably contending, that no more prisoners should be sent here at all? and did not those, who went further, (agreeing with the friend to whose suggestions we referred in the commencement of this writing,) that as it might be of advantage to the Colony to receive a supply of labour from Britain, yet that in all cases, all individuals henceforward landing here, should land, not only without reference to the cause of their departure from England, but also that cause ' being wholly with-held from knowledge, and between these t\to particulars there is a mighty difference. Could the free in England labourer, while working by the side of the labourer not free in England, that fact being unknown to him, feel his consequence injured thereby? and if it is actually necessary that these two labourers should know each other's English history, surely the argument, if good for anything, goes a great way further than many very distinguished " emigrants" would choose to carry it, for then every person landing here, all landing equally free, would be compelled to produce a detailed certificate, signed by the minister and churchwardens of his parish, of the particulars of his whole life, most especially of the causes immediate and remote, which induced his abandoning the land of his birth / Would this be in all cases quite convenient? What then is not the dishonesty of reference to " Old Bailey men,',' when those who j went so much further than Mr. Gellibrand,! by admitting that Britain might add to the ! "sweepings of its poor houses," who the' comparative rank men avow their willing- j nessto receive with open arms, persons, per- ' haps quite as honest in principle, and capa-1 ble of rendering themselves quite as good members of society—indeed, in nine cases outoften, infinitely better. Is it ihename of the Old Bailey, then, which does all the mischief? Avoid the possibility of any recurrence thereto, and passing by the liberality—the justice of this—looking only to its policy, the ghost is at once laid ! ! How ready in the recollection of all, is the answer of the London "hot-mutton-pie" man, to the Lord Mayor, who asked him how he could dare to palm upon the lieges his horse pies ! "Taste them, my Lord," said lie, "and not knowing whether they are mutton or horse, you will find them quite delicious !" So, also, as to the " Old Bailey men," as they were so cold-heartedly called on Saturday—remove from them the possibility i of being reproached, and the rule will be,! and the paucity of the exception will prove I its accuracy, that they will be found not to deserve it. It was with considerable astonishment we heard a protest from Mr. Robertson—that very Mr. Robertson of the Colonist, whose words in the admirable passage we have celebrated as deserving letters of gold. " WE HAVE ONLY TO DO WITH THE MORALS OF THE LAND WE LIVE IN—LET THE PEOFLE OF ENGLAND TAKE CARE OF THEIR OWN ! : ' Yet the very same Mr. llobertson actually protested, in the strongest terms of denouncement. against the rendering the exclusively British offender free, upon the ground, (will it be believed?) that, THEREBY WOULD BE AFFORDED A BONUS TO CRIME IN BRI- Comment upon this is utterly unnecessary We have extended this notice further | than we intended—we shall close it with a short exhibition of the base fraud upon which the present transportation system is bottomed, and which we shall illustrate by reference to a somewhat similar manoeuvre here. It is fresh in the recollection of every one, the Legislative trick practised upon the people here, in order to subjcct the free population to the prison discipline of the hulk chain gang. The law of England punishes certain misdemeanours, assaults, &c.; &c.; by fine and imprisonment—a Colonial Law passes, in which such sentences are to be held to include "hard labourNow it is quite clear, that had the framer of that law spoken out, that the intention was to subject persons so offending—and we are not sure how far that all-powerful word CONSTRUC- TION may not include persons convicted of libel, if it may be sought so to do; for here, not only' as Mr. Attorney General Stephen stated openly in the Supreme Court, could he convict any man of any offence with which he chose to charge hj m —but we doubt not, that upon occasion required, the law could, by CONSTRUCTION, be made to meet the offence, if the offence did not meet the law—had, we say, the framer of the law in question spoken out, that the intention was to subjtct persons offending to the discipline of the hulk gang, the whole Colonv would, to a man, have expressed itself properly upon tlisubject. But the law-maker acted with more caution—he proceeded not by storm, but by sap, and his law passed without' notice—unnoticed, bfecaiiBe it alarmed not sufficiently to give rise to any. What came next? Another law, we believe th» celebrated Act, which Mr. Stephen designated in writing, as " fitting only for Algiers," in which it was enacted, that. ersons subjected to imprisonment with Eard labour, should be further subjected to hulk gang discipline—yellow clotheschains—food and labour! Thus the late, under which the sentence' is awarded, is not the lam under which the punishment is inflicted ! We trust not ourselves to comment upon this! We come now to the precedent for it in the British Transportation Laws above referred to. The original Act of Parliament, under which that punishment is awarded, is silent as to its present most terrible part—the rendering the miserable object of its vengeance a slave! He is subjected only, aB in the words still used in the sentence, to be transported beyond seas; nor was it, until mauy years afterwards, that distress encieasing and. crime with it, the base trick was resorted to of rendering the sentence as it passed in words, a very different sentence in fact.—• In order to this came the law,, by which the Crown became possessed of the labour of the transported, for certain purposes and. with certain limitations. The American Revolution came—a new plac<\- of transportation became necessary—distress, and its certain attendant—crime, went on encreasing, and fresh features were given to the , original sentenceof banishment, which have gone on encreasing in severity, until it lias become what it is now avowed to be—by the Judges upon the bench, bv command of \ the Secretary of State—WORSE THAW J DEATH! ! Yet this Is the system which we heard j descibed on Saturday as being the essence J of human wisdom—a very optimism in j principle and in practicp—with which the . very victims themselves had not only cause to be—but actually were—contented! Proh Pudor ! THE WEATHER.—We believe the fiue weather with which this town and the environs have been favoured with during the last week, has been general through the Colony. It will have enabled the agriculturists, in most instances, to conclude the harvest, but we regiet to add ; that from all which we can learn, there has been considerable misapprehension, as to its produce. It is now generally believed that the 6mut, and other drawr backs taken into the calculation, theie will be little more than what is understood by the term an " average crop" BLACK SLAVERY.—We have to acknowledge the receipt of an excellent communication from a Correspondent, in answer to Mr. Young's denial of the analogy between black and white slavery. We regret that it came too late for insertion this week, but of course it shall have insertion in our next, refuting as it does triumphantly ti )e whole of Mr. Young's argnmen THE THEATRE.—Although we have still been prevented from personally enjoying the amusement of the Theatre, vet we have much satisfaction in repeating the warm approbation which the performances of this week have so favourably elicited. On Monday, the celebrated Opera rf Rob Roy was performed at the request of the highest source of attraction—the ladies. We need not say the house was literally crowded. Mr. Cameron possesses the satisfaction of knowing that ail were satisfied. Of Mrs. Camerou it is unnecessary to speak, for her talents and assiduity are fully appreciated. Mrs. Clarke's songs were given with her usual ability, and the whole of I he performers are entitled to much praise for thi-ir unabirting exertions to please, in which we may with safety say, they were entirely successful. The Opera will bj repeated, we believe next week, and we strongly recommend it to the public favour. THU WATER PLAN.—The pressure of important nvit:ei\ has prevented iha insertion of our promised notice of the water plan. Opposed as we repeat we are, to every thing which ought to bo done out of the public funds of the people, being done by private contribution, yet we shall do justice to the views of our correspondent, which, certainly if a necessary supply of water is not to be afforded by the Government, appears admirably calculated to effect the next best purpose. SHORT LIFE.—A Mr. Ilolfe, (we never befo -e heard of him) became Solicitor Gene- I ral on the 10;h November—vacated his seat for Penryn^was turned out on the 17th, just one week in office, and is BO stoutly opposed by half-a-dozen " sun rising Tories ," that his re-election is impossible ! Thus he will be a loser every way by gaining an office. THE PUBLIC MEETING.—We regret Bincerely that Dr. Ross should have.6o completely lost his temper, as to put forth his extremely ill-advised production in this morning's Courier. It gives the opponents of his beloved " Prison Discipline" opportunity to exclaim—"Oh!, the love of place—oh ! the trembling apprehensions for its loss! Hinc illos Lackrymce 1" We have been always willing to give the Courier credit for error only in all its misstatements ; but upon the present occasion, it proves itself to wilfully misrepresent; because Dr. Ross himself having been a spectator and a performer upon, the occasion, must have well known, that much of what appears this morning is wrong, equally in reporting occurrences, and in commenting upon them. Nothing is worse in the advocate of any cause, be it ever so bad, than to shew that he is under the excitement of a very Rabies/ We shall reply to our Contemporary next week and prove, that he is under the influence of some strange hallucination, which has destrayed both his memory and his reasoning faculties. MR. ROBERTSON'S TRIAL.—This case came on this morning. Mr. Robertson objected to certain officers upon the Jury, propter affectum, inasmuch as the Officers of the 21 st Regiment had as a body endeavoured to persuade the Colonel to institute a criminal prosecution againsthimfor libel. Triers were appointed, when, at the suggestion of Mr. Attorney General Stephen, the case was put off until Wednesday, in order to empannel a Jury of other Officers. A LETTER !!!—We regret, that we are compelled to omit (with many other interesting articles) a very curious communication, in reference to the important consequences attendant upon the production of a letter, experienced by one of the most powerful and, perhaps, most able individuals in the Colony. PRISON DISCIPLINE.—We very much regret that the very excellent letter, in reference to the exercise of Prison Discipline upon Mr. Reardon, Jun., could not be inserted in our present number. It was indeed a very strong practical illustration of this " large prison" system. LAUNCESTON PRISON DISCIPLINE — We are convinced our Launceston Correspondent will excuse our having been compelled to defer the insertion of his very interesting communication, as to the extraordinary treatment of Mr. Bell,, to our next. In the mean time, we can only prepare our readers for the exhibition of another splendid instance of the effect of Prison Discipline THE GARRISON.—Lieutenant Owen, of the 17th Regiment, is on the passage here, to perform the duties of Town Adjutant, vice Captain Mackay. CRICKET M ATCH.—The Cricket Match, between the Derwent and the Hobart Town Clubs, was commenced on Thursday and Friday last. In the first innings, the Hobart Town left off with five notches a-head—and being run out, the Derwent Club was only twenty-one a-head, with five wickets standing of their oponents — The match will be played out on Monday at. half-past 3 o'clock, when, as it has excited so much attention, it is expected a vast concourse of people will be assembled. In whichever way this match be determined, it is sure to be followed by nnother—and perhaps there w ill be a third to decide which are the best players. DIED.—In Lat. 43. 42. South, Long. 58\. 6. East, on the 4th of February last, WELRORE EAGLE ALBUERA BENSON, the infant son of Lieut. W. W. II. BENSON, 57th Regiment, ag< j d 8 months and a half, on board the Waterloo, from Portsmouth to Hobart Town, Van Diemen's Land. 