LOOK OUT FOR THUNDER ! ! ! The Police Office was crowded on Mon- day morning last, by a number of pesons anxious to hear the examination of a pri- soner of the Crown named John Gough, an assigned servant to His Honor the Chief Justice, who having been permitted to employ himself for his own benefit, commenced shopkeeper, and who, in con- sequence of information given to the Chief Constable, was taken info custody on Sa- turday evening last, a variety of articles, consisting of groceries, oilman's stores, stationery, &c;, being found in his house, and which were suspected to have been stolen from Mr. Foss, Mr. Kirk, and Mr. Innes ; some of the articles were identified, but the prisoner was remanded for further examination. PATRICK'S PLAINS RACES.-In our columus will be found an account of these Races, which, we learn, went off unat- tended by any of those transactions which so disgraced the late Campbelltown Races. Institutions formed for amusement will al- ways be found to acquire public confidence and support, when conducted by gentlemen of honor and integrity. By the Government Return dated 26th September it appears that there are 80 assignable females in the Factory. Mrs. Chester, the actress and singer, from the Loudon Theatres, we perceive, makes her debut at the Sydney Theatre this evening. Although the Public are anxious to witness the talents of this lady, it seems unfair to bring her out during the Benefit-, knowing it will be injurious to the old performers who have their Benefit nights in prospect. Mrs. Chester should have appeared with the new season. JURYMEN. - Information for Major Ge- neral Sir Richard Bourke, and for His Honor Mr. Chief Justice Forbes.- By the ships England and Backwell, three hun- dred and eighty Convicts have arrived, who, under their celebrated Jury Bill, will be eligible to fill the Jury Box of our Botany Bay Courts, and that too at no distant day. The funeral of the late Mr. Henry, of the Brickfield-hill, took place on Sunday. Mr. H. was a Member of Lodge 820, and the funeral was conducted in the usual manner of the Masonic Body; the Band of the 17th Regiment were allowed lo attend the procession.-Monitor. We are happy to learn that the Hon. Colonel Snodgrass, M. C, is recovering from his late severe illness. His lady has also recovered from the indisposition with which she was attacked at the same time. Colonel Snodgrass is one of our most active and liberal public men connected with the Council. As Brigade Major, and as Member of Council, his duties are onerous and important to the community ; and it is to be feared that the sedulous dis- charge of these duties when accompanying His Excellency the Governor to Spring Cove to secure the strict observance of the Quarantine Regulations on the Canton, was the immediate cause of his illness, from which we are glad to hear he is con- valescing. Several fellows have been seen skulking about the lower end of Pitt-street, near Hunter-street,for the last few nights, there is no doubt for the purpose of robbery. 'People travelling in this part at night should be on their guard, for the villains have every facility of completing their de- signs-not a lamp to be seen in the neigh- bourhood, nor even the ghost of a Con- stable ; in fact, the Police are scarcely ever to be seen after nine o'clock at night, .in any part of the town. In the Goverment Gazette of last night, -the Commissariat give notice that all persons having in their charge Convicts, either in barracks, road-parties, ironed-gangs, gaols, liulks, factory, hospitals, boats, &c;, are ¡requested to send in returns of the probable ïiumber to be clothed for the summer ¡period, which commences on .the 1st of 2Voveniber" Mr. Keith made an application to the Bench of Magistrates on Tuesday last, for a summons against a person named John Laing, of the Sydney Gazelle Office, to answer a charge of having inserted a libel- lous letter in that journal of the 24th of August, reflecting on the character of Mr. Francis Girard, and tending to injure him in his business. The application had pre- viously been made to Mr. Windeyer pri- vately, but his Worship having refused to entertain the charge, Mr. Keith presented himself before the Bench, and publicly addressed the Court on the subject ; the application was founded on affidavits which had been sworn before E. Manning, Esq., setting forth the libel complained of, and which he (Mr. K.) submitted to the con- sideration of their Worships as the foulest slander which had ever disgraced even the Press of New South Wales. The learned Solicitor stated the circumstance of his having made the application previously to Mr. Windeyer, with his Worship's refusal to entertain it, and begged to be understood as not again pressing the application from any feeling of opposition to his Worship, but from a desire to place the means of immediate redress within the reach of his client. An application had been made to Mrs. Ann Howe, the proprietress of the Sydney Gazette, to give up the name of the author of the letter in question, when she referred the party to Mr. Laing, who at once acknowledged himself to be the author of the letter in question. [The letter of Mr. Laing in answer to the enquiries on that head was then read."] Mr. Windeyer stated, that it would lead to considerable inconvenience if they were to entertain matters which had commenced by affidavits taken before Magistrates at their own houses, who were not members of the Bench ; it was a proceeding which he for one would not sanction, on the ground of the inconvenience to which it would give rise ; independently however of that objec- tion, he thought, as there was another mode of proceeding which was the usual one, open to the party aggrieved, the present course was not the one which should have been adopted ; indeed, he would go so far as to say, that they could exercise no jurisdic- tion in the case. Mr. Keith assured their Worships that it was not from any disre- spect to the Bench, that the affidavits had been made before Mr. Manning, being for more convenience, but that objection could readily beset aside by the affidavits being again made before their Worships. As to the latter objection, the learned Soli- citor assured their Worships that that mode of proceeding was quite usual in the Mother Country, and was a course which the law placed at the discretion of parties libelled, for the greater facility of checking the matters complained of, and bringing the parties to justice. The Bench, how- ever, were of a different opinion, and sug- gested that the proper course was by motion before the Judges in Banco. Mr. Keith finding his application unavailing, retired. THE CHIEF JUSTICE.-In our last Number we congratulated His Honor Chief Justice Forbes, on his wealth amassed since his arrival in the Colony, derived from a snug salary and other emoluments ; but we regret to perceive by an error of the printer, that His Honor's pecuniary resources have been grievously underrated, and beg to say that it was quite uninten- tional on our parts, so far to misrepresent the fact. For £2,000 received as salary, read £20,000, and thus the error will stand corrected. COLONEL WILSON A PUNSTER.-His Worship perpetrated a pun yesterday in a case which came before him on the Bench, which is said by good judges of the science of punning to be "not much amiss." Constable Ryan, in going his rounds on the Brickfield-hill, on Tuesday night last, about eight o'clock observed a man of suspicious appearance offering two harness casks for sale, and not being satisfied with his answers to the questions put to him on the subject, he took him into custody. The prisoner stated to the constable that he had purchased them at an auction, but when before the Bench, he then stated, that he had purchased them from some man whose name he did not know, who had gone up the country. How came you to state to the constable, said his Worship, that you had purchased them at an auction ? Pray what auction was it ? Not receiving an immediate answer, his Worship, in order to assist his memory a little, observed, that is was probably a " Mock Auction ;" this effort of genius was tolerably well received by the auditory, and his Worship looked unusually happy at its success. The contractors for supplying the military and convict departments with provisions, forage, &c;, in the Districts of St. Vincent's, Illawarra, Sydney, and the Upper District of the Hunter, have given notice to terminate their contracts on the 30th of November. The Commissariat have in consequence I advertised for Tenders for the supplies from the 1st of December to the 31st of March, to be sent in before Monday the 26th of October next. The particulars of these supplies will be found in the Govern- ment Gazette of 30th Sept. 1834. Mrs. Jones, the first actress who ap- peared on the Sydney boards, takes her Benefit on Monday next. That excellent comedy-A Cure for the Heart-ache forms part of the night's entertainments. Mr. White, who some months ago played with so much success, takes a leading cha- racter in the comedy. It is said that John Wighton, Esq., J.P., of Paterson's Plains, has instituted a civil action against the proprietors of the Sydney Gazette, for a libel published in that Jour- nal. HORSES-We call the attention of the Public to the very important sales of horses, which will take place to-morrow, at Mrs. Walker's, Parramatta. Mr. Lyons will sell those two beautiful thorough-bred animals, recently imported by Captain Daniels, Gratis and Velocipede, and Sir J. Jamison's famous horse Bennelong. Mr. J. Paul will sell the young horse Courier, bred by the Australian Agricultural Com- pany, from their imported stud. Such an opportunity for the purchase of horses of this superior description is not likely again to take place for some time.-Monitor. SHIP NEWS. The brig Frances has hauled to Messrs. Campbell and Co.'s wharf to discharge, and the Surry to the head of the Cove for the same purpose. The Champion schooner is advertised for charter. This vessel is decidedly the prettiest modelled schooner we have seen in Port for some time. The barque Surry has been laid on for the Bay of Islands. The ship Maria has gone round to Messrs. Wright and Long's Wharf to discharge. The brig Isabella is advertised for freight or charter. The Minerva for New South Wales, cleared outwards on the 30th May. By the Albion, of June 1, we perceive that the ship Redman, which left Sydney in October last year, bound to London, sprung a leak during the voyage and had been obliged to put into Antigua and dis- charge cargo, where she was last heard of. The William, Clark, for New South Wales, with merchandize, sailed from Deal, May 30. The Medway has been laid on for Hobart Town, and the Maria for London via Coast of Mexico. Messrs. Dawes, Gore, and Co. are the agents for the England, Norfolk, Back- well, and Chalcedony, which arrived this week. The Francis Freeling from the whaling grounds on Monday last, brings no news, the Captain not having seen any whalers since the Lord Rodney, which has been in port some time since. Messrs. Aspinall, Brawn, and Co. are the agents for this vessel. The Spanish brig Pronto returns to Manilla, on the 4th instant. The Chalcedony from America and Ho- bart Town on Tuesday, has brought up about 500 barrels of flour, biscuits, &c.; In the shipping report of the Maria from London, in our last, instead of Mrs. " Edgar," a passenger, read Mrs. Eager. ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &c; BUSHRANGERS.-An Argyle carrier, named Barkshire, in returning to the " New Country" from Sydney, with a dray load of property (his own), accom- panied by his wife, was attacked about a fortnight since by five armed bushrangers, within a short distance of the Township of Goulburn, and after being mercilessly mal- treated by the ruffians, in consequence of offering a vigorous but unavailing resist- ance, was robbed of the most valuable and portable articles on the dray, the remainder being destroyed on the spot (a favourite process of late with these wretches). His wife having struck one of them, who was in the act of striking her husband with the butt end of a carbine, was knocked down, and so much ill used, that she lay in a state of insensibility for some time after the ruffians had departed with their booty, which they conveyed away on the back of one of the oxen of the team. These ruffians were well dressed ; there is no doubt they were the same party who robbed Messrs. Dutton, Ryrie, Captain Edwards, and others, and have infested the Argyle district for the past month. SHOPLIFTING.-A female went into the shop of Mr. Ellis, of Pitt-street, haber- dasher, on Monday evening last, and asked for a few yards of print, a pattern of which she presented. Mrs. Ellis not liking her appearance, watched while proceeding to comply with her demand, and saw her put a piece of print which lay on the counter under her shawl, when she went round the counter and taxed her with the theft. The woman at first said she had a piece of print which she had purchased at an auction, but afterwards admitted that she had taken it fiom the counter, and begged for for- giveness on account of her family, which appeal was of course unavailing, and she was given into custody. On Tuesday night lasf, a Mrs. Wilcox, who resides in George-street, carrying on the business of a furrier, hearing a rustling noise in a loft in the back part of the pre- mises where skins are kept, sent a servant to ascertain the cause, when a man ran out of the store, and endeavoured to make his escape over the fence into the premises ad- joining, but he was at length captured ; he was recognised as a man who had been in the employ of Mr. Wilcox, but had been discharged a short time previously. On examining the store, a number of skins were found to have been removed for the purpose of being taken away. He was given into the custody of the Police. A Convict who had absconded from Hyde Park Barracks, was apprehended on Monday last by Ford, au active officer of Police, while hawking a variety of car- penter's tools for sale, which were after- wards ascertained to have been stolen from various places about the town, and which were identified by mechanics who had lost them a short time previously. The highest reward given in such cases was awarded to Ford on this occasion, namely, 20s. A settler named Ryan, residing near Stonequarry Creek, who has a cattle station beyond Menaroo, reports, that within the last six months, he has lost no less than ninety head of cattle, besides the greater portion of the increase, which have fallen into the hands of the gentry called " squat- ters," that is to say, the professional cattle stealers, who are located over an immense extent of country in that direction ; these ravages are becoming so frequent, notwith- standing the valuable exertions of the " Association," that several stockholders have come to the determination to abandon the rearing of stock, unless some law be rigorously put in force to put down the system of " squatting," which is rapidly extending itself, in consequence of the number of Convicts whose sentence ex- piring betake themselves to that species of depredation as being the most profitable. INCREASE OF CRIME-On Friday even- ing last, as the cart of Mr. Suttor, of Baulkham Hills, was proceeding home- wards from Sydney, it was stopped on the Windsor Road, near the Darling Mills, and robbed of a variety of articles of ladies' wearing apparel, as silk dresses, shawls, &c;, belonging to Mrs. Suttor, to a con- siderable amount. The articles were con tained in an elegant chest of drawers, which was taken from the cart to the road side and broken to atoms. Among the pro- perty stolen, was a leathern travelling case, two tulip and rosewood work boxes, an elegant dressing-glass, and numerous trinkets, &c.; SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, PATRICK'S PLAINS RACES.-Notwith- standing the uiipropitiousness of the sea- son, the patrons of the turf residing on the Hunter appeared determined that the first Patrick's Plains Races should not como off without their support and presence. This is as it should be-for a breed of horses possessing the requisite good points are invaluable to a Colony as exports, and to the breeder's a remunerating stock. The course, which has been mado ex- pressly for the occasion, is on the farm named Glenridding, the property of Mr. John Earl, who deserves the thanks of the admirers of sport for tho expense incurred, and the laudable motive, which caused him no inconsiderable degree of trouble. The course (which is one mi'e) is said by good judges tobe the best piece of turf in Now South Wales, and on the above occasion was run over by hornes second to none in the Colony, either for blood, bone, or beauty. Although the interior site of the Races prevented thousands from meeting to witness the sport, yet the assemblage was highly respectable, and included the beauty and wealth of the Hunter district. At an early hour on the appointed day the horses were brought by their respective jockeys to the spot, and the usual pre- liminaries having been gone through, they started on the usual signal being given. 1\. For the Patrick's Plains Purse of £25-horses of all ages, weight for age, three entrances or no race. Mr. John Earl's h m. Countess hy Moo- liap, rode by Cross, sky blue. 110 Messrs. It. mid H. Scott's b.g. Frederick by To>-s, rode by Rosin, white and blue 2 2 0 Mr. Hruce Millar's d.g. Chance by Curaer ton, rider unknown. Dist. Countess carried all before her-the other horses had not a chance-and Chance himself was distanced. 2\. For the Ladies1 Purse of £15, for two-year-olds, three entrances or no race. Meisrs. It. and H. Scott's b.f. Pamela by 'Joss, rude by Cullen, blue and choco. lato. 1 Mr. John Earl's b.f. Camilla by Whisker, iode by Cross, sky blue. 2 Mr. W. Simpson's c. c. Sir Peter Tenzte by Toss, rode by Rosin, white and blue 3 Pamelia shewed on this occasion that she possessed the bottom ef her sire, and the style in which she won the race proved her to be second to none. 3\. For a Hack Slakes of £10.-For this race threo horses started, viz., Mr. Earl's Tam o' Siiauter, Mr. Moorhouse's Steamer, and Mr. Bell's Ginger. Won easily by Tam o' Shanter, beating Steamer by fifty yards. SECOND DAY.-The races commenced at the usual hour, when for the Sweepstakes of £2, with £10 added fi oin the Club, three horses were entered, viz., Mr. J. Earl's Connies., Mr. M'Lean's Sky- rocket, and Mr. Cross's Doctor Syntax, but Countess being the only one brought to the scratch, she had to canter round the course for the stakes. 2\. For a Hack Stakes of £5, xoith entrance added, five horses started, viz., Mr. Moorhouse's Steamer, ¡Mr. Brown's No Mistake, Mr. Dight's Jack, Mr. Lum loy's Nepean, and Mr. Earl's Princess. Won by Steamer, Princess keeping close to him bo|h heats. 3\. For another Hack Stakes of £5, with entrance added, six horses started, and was well contested by Mr. Brown's No Mistake and Mr. Earl's Princess. Won with hard pushing by 'No Mistake. As a beginning, Patrick's Plains course bids fair to becomo the Newmarket of Now South Wales. CORONER'S INQUESTS. An Inquest was held at the sign of the " Bull," Kent-street, on Sunday morning last, on the body of an infant named Ellen Stenson, aged seven months, who had died on the previous day. A report had been propagated by the neighbours, that the death of the infant had been caused by negligence and absolute starvation, in con sequence of which the Coroner convened a Jury to enquire into the circumstances, but after a minute investigation, nothing was elicited to justify the report. The in- fant seemed to have laboured under a bad state of health, and had gradually sunk under it. The Jury therefore returned a verdict of Died by the Visitation of God. An inquest was held at Portland Head, on Monday last, on the body of John Boyle, who was lost from a boat in the night of the 16th. Verdict-Found Drowned. 