BENSON WESTS?. thE *SOM"l4AM6ULtST. Maori wonoawcatii's " YARROW BEVWITCD, AMY, -OTHER POEMS. LUT, ye who pass by Lyulph's Towers At eve, how only then Doth Air-Force, that torrent hoarse, Speak from the woody glen ! Fit music for a solemn vale ! And holier seems the ground To him who catches on the gale The spirit. of a mournful tale, Embodied in the sound. Not far from that fair site whereon The pleasure-house is reared. Al story says, in antique days. A stern broad house appeared ; i Boil to a jewel rich in light There set and guarded well, 'Cage for a bird of plumage bright, "sweet-voiced, nor wishing for a flight Beyond her native dell. To win this bright bird from her cage, To make this gem their own, Came barons bold with store of gold, And knights of high renown ; But one she prized, and only one - Sir Eglamore was he Full happy season, when was known, 'Yo dales and falls ! to you alone, Their mutual loyalty ! "Known chiefly, Aira to thy glen, Thy brook and bowers of holly ; "Where Passion caught what Nature taught ' That al! Away love is folly "Where Fact and Fancy stooped to play, Doubt came not nor regret ; To trouble hours that winged their way As if through an immortal day Whose sun could never set. Out in old times, Love dwelt not long Sequestered with repose; Best throve the fire of chaste desire, Fanned by the breath of foes " A conquering lance is beauty's test, And proves the lover true ;" So spake Sir Eglamore, and pressed The drooping Emma to his breast, And looked a blind ladies. They parted Well with him it fared Through wide-spread regions errant ; ? A knight of proof in love's belief, The thirst of fame his warrant : And she her happiness can build On woman's quiet hours ; Though faint, compared with spear and shield, The solace beads and masses yield, And needlework and flowers. Yet best was Emma, when she heard Her Champion's praise recounted ; Though brain would swim, and eyes grow dim, And high her blushes mounted; Or when a bold, heroic lay, She warbled from full heart : Delightful blossoms for the May Of absence! but they will not stay, Bom only to depart. 'Hope wages with her, while lustre fills Whatever path he chooses.; As if his orb, that owns no curb, Received the light here loses. ''He comes not back ; and ampler space Requires for nobler deeds ; He ranges on from place to place, Till of his doings is no trace But what her-fancy breeds. His fame may spread, but in the past, Her spirit finds its centre ; Clear sight she has of what he was, And that would now content her. " Still is he my devoted knight 1" The tear in answer flows ; Month falls on month with heavier weight ; -Day sickens round her, and the night Is empty of repose. for sleep she sometimes walked abroad, Deep sighs with quick words blending, Like that pale queen whose hands are seen With fancied spots contending; But she is innocent of blood, The moon is not more pure That shines aloft, while through the wood ^ She threads her way, the sounding flood Her melancholy turn ! ' While 'mid the fern-brake sleeps the door. And owls alone are waking, P. In white arrayed, glides on the maid, The downward pathway taking. "That leads her to the torrents side. And to a holly power By whom on this still night described 2 By whom in that lone place espied 1 By thee, Sir Eglamore ! A wandering ghost, so thinks the knight, His coming step-has thwarted, -Beneath the boughs that heard their vows, Within whose shade they parted. Hush, hush, the busy sleeper see ! Perplexed her fingers seem. As if they from the holly tree -Green twigs would pluck, as rapidly Flung from her to the stream. What means the spectre 1 Why intent To violate the tree, Thought Eglamore, by which I swore Unfading constancy 1 Here am I, and to-morrow's sun ' To her I left, shall prove That bliss is ne'er so surely won As when a circuit has been run Of valour, truth. and love. "So from the spot whereon he stood. He moved with stealthy pace ; And, drawing nigh, with his living eye, He recognised the face ; And whispers caught, and speeches small. Some to the green-leaved tree, "Some muttered to the torrent-fall - "" Roar on, and bring him with thy call ; " I heard, and BO may he 1" Soul-shattered was the knight, nor knew If Emma's ghost it were, Or being shade, or if the maid Her very self stood there. are touched-what followed who shall tall 1 The soft touch snapped the thread Of slumber shrieking back she fell, And the stream whirled her down the dell Along its foaming bed. In plunged the knight ! when on firm ground The rescued maiden lay, (Her eyes grew bright with blissful light, Confusion passed away ; , She heard, ere to the throne of grace Her faithful spirit flew, His voice, beheld her sneaking face. And dying, from his own embrace, She felt that he was true, So was he reconciled to life : Brief words may speak the rest ; Within the dell he built a cell, And there was Sorrow's guest : "In hermit's weeds repose he found. From vain temptations free ; Beside the torrent dwelling-bound By one' deep, heart-controlling sound, And awed to piety. Wild stream of Aira, hold thy course, ' Nor fear memorial Rays. 'Where clouds that spread in solemn shade, Are edged with golden rays ! Dear art thou to the light of heaven, Though minister of sorrow, Sweet is thy voice-at pensive Even ; And thou, in Lovers; hearts forgiven, Shall take thy place with Yarrow ! A pleasure-house built by the late Duke of Norfolk upon the banks of Ullswater. Force is the word used in the Lake District for Waterfall. 