The New Country. When the Tasmanian announced some weeks back, the visit of Mr. Frankland and his exploring party to Mount Ida Parnassus and the Fountains of Helican, the Public interest become most intense- ly excited with anxiety for the publica- tion of his discoveries, judging as they did, that the Suaveyor General had se- lected the names or those sources of classic inspiration, to adorn his forthcom- ing narrative, in commemoration of the festility of ideas with which his mind was impregnated by exploring and con- templating these enchanting regions ; but is modern Arcadia is as barren as is the information which he has vouchsafed to communicate to the Public relating to its qualities. We must say that his time, and that of his classic fellow tourists, has been miserably wasted. The Public have a right to know what has been ad- ded to the former knowledge of the geo- graphy or topography of the Colony by the labours of these explorers, and if that be NIL, beyond the aflixing of fine hea- then names to barren hills and desert streams, they ought at least to be grati- fied with a list of the fresh discoveries made in zoology, ornithology, entimo- logy, geology, mineralogy, and botany, with a catalogue of the specimens added to the ' very interesting and important collection in the museum.' If he can give the Public no other information for their time and money, he ought at least to favour us with a report of the result of important experiment for ascertaining the qualities of the newly-invented Sut- ton silke He-mise for bushranging. The effects of this elegant invention in absorb- ing or repelling perspiration, in increa- sing or decreasing the quantity of electric fluid or animal spirits in the frame of errant young esquires — or idle public officers. This would form a most inte- resting and instructive theme for the very useful columns of the Courier—and would be a most valuable piece of infor- mation to ' our esteemed friend Baron Hugell,' and all other our ' esteemed friends' who may take to the Bush — or properly handled it might afford the eco- nomy man matter for an extra quire of supplemental despatches wherewith to bamboozle the Tory Secretary of State. We intend to forward to the same quarter a catalogue of the Zoological collections of the two Messrs. Roadnight, father and son, with a particular dissertation on the profitable qualities of the genus 'Bulls of Arcadia,' when placed in a pound-keepers' menagerie, extracted from the very profound columns of the Courier. We understand that in this region those gentlemen, the Roadnights, have found the gardens of Hesperides, the golden fleece, and the real sands of Pactolus. But, if we attempt to follow the classic flight of Mr. Frankland we will be jumping behind him on Pegasus ; and from the summit of Olympus, or Mount Ida utter a strain, which may again arouse the Cerberus of the Supreme Court— and get us chained for another term In the lethe' of Mr. .Capon's ' Lobby,' with the ghosts of burglars, sheep-stealers, murderers, and man-eat- ers. So we shall make the special pro- perties of Arcadia the subject of private and confidential despatch to that most unpoetic of patriots, Joseph Hume. 