Public Meeting. On Saturday the 28th ultimo, a Public Meeting was held, in the Court House, for the purpose of discussing whether it be politic that this Colony should still continue to be a "prison on a large scale," and its inhabitants the " materials for the punishment'' of Bri- tish offenders, or whether by abolishing its penal character, it should be placed on the same footlng as the rest of the British Colonies. Soon after the appointed time, the Court House began to fill most respectably, but the assembly was at the commencement of the Meeting by no means large. The Sheriff having enquired if the Gentle men present were prepared to commence pro ceedings. Mr. Thomas Young observed "so small a body of the people could not be called a Pub lic Meeting." Mr. R L Murray said, the thinness of the assembly, was the effect of the very "system itself" they were come to discuss, which sys tem kept the people in subjection and kept them away. Mr. Kemp observed, the other day he had laid a wager, that every third person who should be met walking down Macquarie street, was either directly or indirectly in the pay of Government, and, what's more, said Mr Kemp, I won my wager easily; it therefore, added he, cannot be expected that such persons would attend a Meeting, whose object was to overthrow a system which would destroy their salaries. The Sheriff was then requested to open the Meeting, which he did by reading the follow- ing Requisition. "We, the undersigned, feeling that the measures adopted by the British Government, of encreasmg the penal character of the Co- lony, by making the Colonists materials for the punishment of British offenders, affix a moral degradation upon us, and our children, in the face of the Act of Parliament, which holds out the prospect of restoring to us free insti tutions-the privileges of our birth-right-re quest you will convene a Public Meeting of the Colonists, for the purpose of addressing the King thereon." Having done this, he stated, that as he had done his duty in convening the Meeting, it now remained for the gentlemen present to elect their own Chairman, and each to bring forward any measure he had to propose, and express his opinion thereon. Mr Kemp proposed, and Mr Horne se conded, that Thomas Bannister, Esq., Sheriff of the Colony, be called to the Chair, which motion was unanimously acceded to, and the business of the day proceeded with. Mr J T Gellibiand rose, and said he had had the honor of opening very many meetings in that place, but he felt himself placed now in a much more difficult position, than on any former occasion. The subject they were about to discuss, was of the very utmost importance to the interests of the Colony, and the opini- ons thereon might be in a great measure vari ous and speculative, he however thought that no violent political sentiments could be called forth and hoped that the better feeling as to the moral welfare of the community might prevail. The Resolutions, which were about to be put to the Meeting, had been published in one of the Journals, and therefore few could be ignorant of their import, he should of ne- cessity take up some considerable time in ex- pressing his sentiments upon the subject, and this he wished to do, in order that any person who might be of different opinions, might have a fair opportunity of confronting him, and convincing him, if possible, he was in error ; he however hoped to be favoured with the indulgence of the Meeting. " It is pretty well known (said this gentleman) that free emigrants have been induced to settle in this Colony, by an understanding that the British Government would by degrees modify its penal character, so that in the course of a few years, it should entirely be abrogated, and that the Colonists should then enjoy the same rights and privileges as the Mother Country. It was very clear that the British Government had violated those pledges, to prove which, I have only to refer to the two Acts of Parlia- ment, which constitute the Charter of the Colony, and which hold out at no very distant period, the hopes of the privilege of Trial by Jury being accorded us, and also that of hav- ing a Legislative Assembly of the people. I therefore consider, I am quite justified in say- ing, that those who emigrated hither under the expectation thus held out to them, have been deceived by the Government. It was quite evident, that for the last two years it had been the object of the British Government, to make the Colonists "materials," not for their own welfare and happiness-not for the moral improvement of their adopted Country -nor for its advancement in the scale of na- tions-but " materials " only for the punish- ment of British offenders (Loud cheers ). Is there a thinking man among us, who feels that this system can have any other effect, than that of encreasing our own moral degradation, and the degradation too of the rising genera tion ; and shall we, under such a state of things lie dormant and inactive, and not en deavour in any way to obtain redress, by shewing our Sovereign, that we have some moral feeling prevailing amongst us-that we have some regard for the welfare of our pos- terity ? Look at the gigantic efforts which have been made here, for the last fifteen years- look at our increasing commercial importance -look at our exports and imports, and shall we evince no regard whatever for the moral advancement of our community? Depend upon it, so long as we permit ourselves to be made the instruments of British vengeance, so long is it quixotic in the extreme, to hope that we shall ever (be put in possession of our just rights as Britons and free men (loud cheers) of which we are at present deprived by the penal character which attaches to us of being mere instruments of terror for British offenders. On this ground alone, we ought to be most strenuous in endeavouring to free ourselves from the character of being materials for the punishment of British offen ders, and to become instruments for the pre- vention of crime amongst ourselves. It is a duty we owe, to ourselves-our children and our childrens' children-therefore, let us arouse ourselves ere the manacles are riveted, and protest against such a system, which entails so much disgrace upon us ; and let it not be said by our offspring, that we were neither able nor willing to obtain for them those rights which we deprived them of by coming hither ! It might be asked, that if the present system was to be destroyed, what was to be- come of the prisoners now in the Colony ? As had been expressed in one of the public prints, let us look to the land we live in ! What have we, as a Colony, to do with the prison interests of Great Britain ? Let us rather look to our own moral interests! I, for one, and I say it -not hastily, nor without due consideration, I say, let the system of assignments and chain gangs cease, for in my opinion, free labour is far more conducive to the advance- ment of the Colony in every respect. I am satisfied, that as much slavery and tyranny prevails here as ever did in the West Indies, and I, for one, cannot see the reason why the term slave should be only applicable to a black skin (loud cheers.) What was the original acceptation of the term transportation ? It was that which the word itself implies-the mere sending out of the country those who had offen- ded against its laws. Transportation was one thing, but the making a slave of the trans- ported, as is now the system practised, was another. My plan would be this-let each man, when he lands in the Colony, be put upon the footing and under the same restric- tions as a ticket-of-leave man under the present system-let him be subject to the sum- mary jurisdiction of the magistracy. If this were the case, I doubt not-nay, I am quite confident, that it would make one half the transported landed in this Colony useful mem- bers of society. It surely required no argu- ment to prove, that a free man would work better than a slave ! If the transported were allowed to work as free agents, I can assert, that where 300,000 bushels of wheat are now grown, six-nay, 900,000 would be produced, and thus the exports and riches of the Colony would be materially encreased (cheers.) Where there not many unfortunate men who landed in the Colony with a determination of regain- ing, by a new course of life, their former place in society-and has not the present sys- tem of prison discipline tended to brutalize them and sear their feelings against all that is virtuous and good? I, for one, cannot un- derstand the system of giving a ticket-of-leave to a man of good conduct, and then allowing the law to step in and say, " you shall not enjoy the benefits arising from this indul- gence ! !" I well know, that many a man has been driven, by the treatment he has received, from one degree of desperation to another, till he has even sought the gallows as a means of ridding himself of a life of misery; and could it, I ask, be wondered at, while such a system as was daily witnessed, was practised ? Had these unfortunate men any inducement held out to them to call them back into the paths of virtue ? Decidedly not ! If such a system as this prison discipline system had a demoralizing effect upon the free population, how much more so would it affect the rising generation ! If it had the effect of keeping from us the free institutions of Englishmen, how can we expect that our children should tread in our steps and be lovers of freedom- not having experienced the benefits arising therefrom? Before, then, we lay our heads in the grave-let us approach the throne and acquaint our Sovereign with these our grievan- ces, and pray that an end may be put to a system, which brings upon us such present disgrace and deprivation, and will eventually prove the ruin of our posterity and country ! Would the present system either tend to en crease our wealth, or improve our morals? No! ¡ There are some at the meeting who, I understand, intend to go into particulars- to enter upon the discussion of the pecuniary advantages which would attend the throw- ing off the character of a penal settlement; but I would abandon such beggarly-such paltry considerations as pounds, shillings, and pence-for they are nothing to be compared with the moral degradation the Colony is labouring under. These," added Mr. Gelli brand, " are my sentiments, although I doubt not, there may be a f ew who are of a different opinion; but it was the part of an English think'/ amfîfte hoped, toact for hifriself;,he therefore,begged; to move'the first Resolution, « l which>wa8a8ifollows:- ' < « í ' ' ',' X\\. Ëesolved-^-Thât Emigration to this Co 1 lony, was in a» great degree induced ,by the ,hope and belief, that its penal character would be either modified" or removed, instead of which, it has;lately'éncreased to a fearful ex- tent, thereby Violating the feelings of the existing--and4 barbarizing the habits, and de- moralizing the principles of'the rising' gene- ration, and'tending essentially to check future 'emigration. >. ? ' > Mr. Thompson, in rising to second the Re- solution, said that it appeared from a docu- ment he held in his hand, and vvhich might be considered official, that there were 4000 prisoners under the immediate controul of Government, the rest being in the service of 1 the settlers, and for the sake of these 4000 men, 20,000 free inhabitants qf this Island were deprived of their rights, and kept in a most woi'ful state of degradation, and still would be kept in that sta'e, unless the objects .of this Meeting were carried into effect. Prison discipline as it at present evists, is a system of fearful oppression and cruelty, supported for the private interests of the few; and he had been informed upon what he considered good authority, that orders had been issued to en- force it with still greater rigour, even to the extent, that men transported for life, should be condemned to work in chains, for at least 12 years, (evpressions of horror). He quite agreed with all that had fallen from Mr. Gelli- brand, but he had not touched upon the last clause of the Resolution respecting emigra- tion. He considered, in the present state of the Colony, emigration was decidedly of im- portance to its interests and advancement, but if the present system was allowed to con- tinue, instead of emigration flowing to our shores, many amongst us who possessed the means would leave us. He had read the Re- solutions that were to be proposed, and should most heartily rejoice if they were all carried. He then begged to second the Resolution which Mr. Gellibrand had proponed Mr. Young moved a*s an Amendment " That, in the opinion of this Meeting, it is impolitic, under our present circumstances, to disturb the system of transportation and prison discipline, now in operation." He trusted he should be able to convince the Meeting, that this Amendment ought to be carried. A stranger reading the proposed Resolutions, would naturally conclude, that the Colony had arrived at such a state, as to be able to dispense with prisoner labour-but was this the case ? Was it not a remarkable fact, that the majority of the Requisitionist3 were supplied with prisoner labour, (cries of we can get nothing else). Ile argued that the state of things these gentry wished to, lninsr about, was totally inconsistent with the welfare of the Colony. After reading the last census, he said it appeared from that statement, there was not a sufficiency of free labour for the wants of the settleis, and in this respect, this Island differed essentially from America. Ile totally disagreed with Mr. Gellibrand, as to the deception practised upon the free emigrants by the Government; but he did consider that it would be a breach of faith with the settlers, if the Government did away with the prisoner labour, as they (the settlers) had come luther under an assuiance, that labourers would be provided lor them, from amongst the prisoner population ; and as for keeping emigration fioin our chores, he thought it would have quite a contrary effect; he considered, that in the course oí" a few years, the system would die away of itself, as free labour would then become more plentiful, and the settlers would then cease to take pri- soners into their service, which, when the Government saw, they would cease to send < them. He contended that the present system was a system of reciprocity between the Home Government and the settlers, and was a system < of the most admirable description (laugh). It was very well known that labour was very low i in the Mother Country, and if" these men were kept there, it would necessarily be still more 1 so, and, therefore, not only would'the market ' be glutted at home, but it would be the even- i tual ruin of these Colonies. The immense, » establishments the Government were obliged 1 to keep up for the support of > the system^ < brought within the reach of the settlers, Í the means of civilization, perhaps a century before, it would be possible to have obtained it other- i wise. Look at,the roads which it has enabled us to make, (a laugh) in fact, the,advantages i derived from such a system were incalculable (great laughter). The great objection of Mr. Gellibrand, was the demoralization of the free I population ; he confessed he could not under- stand how this was, or how we could be desig- i nated slave drivers. He had endeavoured to follow Mr. Gellibrand'8 argument, but it had i entirely slipped through his fingers, and for his i part, he could not see any such consequeuces as he had predicted. He, Mr. Young, con- i templated quite the contrary result ; every one knew the control a master had over his as- ] signed servant, was not greater than that he exercised over hie hired servant; he could not 1 punish his assigned-servant, without having a i I recourse to a magiátrate, and the assigned ser-IJ Yamrnightlaya^ and'.how» oftedCwasitlnpt^oncL» ïf ,tnese> prisoners, of Grear |tri^*,were7 kept at^horaç, it, would be A necessary^ thj^t they, should;!^ !.' confined in, Jáirge barracks, flike^milifärytrin^ ' Lord' Castlereagh'«.' time^ jtp^ preyeñt them ^ having any sympathy in cbrçmon* with'the' reat of the people, but according* to tlje system " £t present pursued here, they' were assigned', Upon landing, into the famihés^of respectable \ settlers, where, if they had any latent feeling . * of virtue in them, it had an opportunity of ( being brought to light ; and if, after a1 short probation, they were found to deserve a further indulgence-a ticket-of-leave was granted to them, which was, to all intents and purposes, giving them freedom. Were this system to be done away with, what could be ,expected but anarchy and confusion ? Hehoped neyer to see, the day when a man landing on these shores, free from the reproach attaching itselftlto the s being convicted by the laws of his country, should -be placed on an equality with ^those - who have been so convicted. With respect to an expression made use of ,in a document, to which he would not now more especially refer, he thought it was highly complimentary to the inhabitants of this Island, (great laugh- ter) for no man was forced against his will, to become the master of a convict servant-to become material for prison discipline ; and to none but respectable individuals was an as- signed servant granted. He confessed he could see nothing in the arguments which had been brought forward to prove that the prison discipline was the cause of our not obtaining our just rights and privileges. He thought that the present Meeting was altogether pre- mature, and that it should have first ascer- tained, whether our being mateuals for prison discipline, was the cause of our rights being withheld from us. He was of opinion that the Home Government would grant these to us in rignt earnest, to relieve themselves of, a heavy ' burden-for it was quite notorious, that £150,000 of British money was spent yearly in the Colony, and to do away with thespreserit system, would be to put an end to the means by which Hobart Town existed. He must say he had seen much forbearance on the part of the Government, (laugh) and that, instead of erecting the numeious buildings they we're authorised to do, they had, from a consider- ation of the high price of labour, refrained from making it still higher by themselves coining into the market, and thereby creating greater competition (great laughter). Mr. Young then read the Amendment, which wa? seconded by Mr. Lowes, ¡<>. .-."" « ">,,,,.. Mr. Horne said he did not expect to have heard such sentiments expressed by Mr. Young, or any one else, except one who was a candi- date for somepublic office ; he considered that the aiguments brought forward by Mr. Young, answered themselves by being reversed ; he should, therefore, take them in that order. Mr. Horne continued :-Mr.»Young had stated that the Colonists had not sufficient funds to pay for free labour ; but, I would ask, how did they first obtain their grants or location orders, was it not by satisfying the land board, that they had capital sufficient to bring a certain stipulated portion of it into cultivation ? Again, is it not notorious that one volunteer is worth three pressed men ; sa one free labourer is worth three convict servants. ( " cries of no, no") I say, yes, yes J ! For instance, if I wanted to fence in a piece of land, and | offered to my convict servants j the same price as 1 gave to free labourers, would they not do it in one third the time they otherwise would (ci íes of yes). Mr. Young had told us of the ' numerous roads and bridges which have been formed by the prison discijiline system ; but where are they? Not certainly acioss the Derwent, nor on the main road to Launces- ton-but Grass Tree Hill and Bridgewater, &c.; Mr. Young also adverted to the promises held out to us by Parliament, but what had Parha- ( ment done for us yet. " Oh !" says Mr. / Young, " wait a few years ; the system will die away .of itself: put on your night caps, and go to'sleep a little while, and you will be sure,to have what you agk for bye,and , bye," <v Now¿ I understand, from pretty good authority too, that the charter for this Colony is abput to be extended for three years longer. ,i(And at the expiration of that period, the bister Colony is to be free in reality, but, we are to be told.that we are not worthy of freedom, and that this Island is still to continue ¿9 he a Hell upon earth. Touching the high,cqrapli ment, which Mr. Young considered had been paid us ; so high did our character stand as "materials for punishment," that I understand that the Americans are about to send^their convicts here also (great laughter). Then Mr. Young went on to tell" us of the anarchy, con- fusion, and every thing that was bad, vvhich we might naturally expect from the adoption of the measures we are recommending; but that was only Mi\ Young's opinion. My opinion is» that it will be the means of pro- ducing peace, happiness, and content, for. we should then s(e, instead of large uncultivated tracts of,land in the possession of one indi- vidual, saiall farms' spang up; and a happy Cea aitry»which is the real support of a nation, now come, to thejshort pi ob mon which hfrH b^en spoken of, bu* what i's this short..prai^^' tion? Twelve jeirs 111 chunis--(very short, indeed) for a convict sent here tot life ; eiglpí u ..i i ? r w ir i vi r i - » t¡ ? i . i -ir years, for a,,mañ ^sent'out for fourteen yeará, and four years for a man Sent out for seven years-this'is the 'short probation they must undergo before they can expect'any-indulgence' whatever ! With this prospect beTore them, they had nothing to lose or any incentive whatever to reform-but give them something to stake» [and they then may have a dread of offending.* Mr. Young denies the demoralizing effect which the prison discipline system as it is called, has upon the mind of the people-but ¡was not the British'Gqvemment sufficiently [aware of the effect it would have in England, ^to exhibit man in such a degraded state? I ram confident, there are many who arrive on [these shores, transported for very venial of- fences, who would rejoice at an opportunity [being afforded them of retracing their steps to 'the paths of virtue, and if such be the case, I hesitate not to say, these would be the best ¿supporters of the Government. It is evidently ¡the Government themselves thought so ; it is Sufficiently proved by the appointing a pri jsoner constabulary, Mr. Young talked about the reciprocity of the system, hut if Govern- ment gained all the benefit as he thought was efficiently shswn, where, then, was the reciprocity? for inasmuch as they are the Inly gainers, we must naturally be the losers. i might certainly have come to the uttermost »arts of the earth, as Mr. Young had expressed limself, but when I came here, I had no in- tention of becoming a slave driver. I admit ilso, that it is very true, the gentlemen who signed the Requisition, and who are now pre Sent, ave supplied with prisoner labour. But would ask, did not the West Indian slave wners vote for the emancipation of their llaves, they being quite assured, that if those Slaves were made fvae men, their estates Svould become much more productivo ? I have now arrived at the last argument of Mr. Young's, which according to the order I have taken, is the first of Mr. Young's, viz., the small number of free labourers in the Colony at present, but I do not see any reason vrhy the number might not be encreased. I there- fore think this is no argument at all in favour of the amendment Mr. Young had proposed. After some few fui ther remarks, Mr. Horne jsat down amidst loud cheers. I Mr. Gilbert Robertson said, that when he ¡bame to the Meeting, his mind was not made up which side of the question he would take. ¡Mr. Young lud bi oughfïorward many argu- ments, which convinced him that he (Mr. Young), was not in the right; and he was also convinced on the other hand,'#hy Mr. Home's arguments, that that gentleman was also in the wrong. (A laugh). Mr. Horne had drawn a parallel between the West Indian slaves and the convict!» in this Colony, but, inasmuch as the former were nit men who were suffering for offences committed against the laws of their country-he contended his (Mr. Home's) comparison did not hold good. He was very much astonished at the proposition of both Mr. Gellibrand and Mr. Horne, that prisoners, on landing here, should be made equal to free men ; if they were to be received in future, he said, let them by all means be placed under some restraint; he thought, that in the earlier stages of a new Colony, the sending out convicts from the Mother Country was the most effectual mode of providing for its future advancement; and he certainly thought, we might now be in a state to do without them. He fully agreed with Mr. Gellibrands argument as to the demoralizing tendency it had over the free population, and the rising generation in particular, and also as it respected the hanging up of our youth m habits of industry : for what man would «end his child to work with his assigned ser- vants ? As to the roads, which Mr. Young had spoken of as being made by the prison- ers, it was his opinion, that if one-half the money that was yearly expended upon prison discipline was applied to free labour, it would more than suffice to make good and substan- tial roads in every part of the Island ; for he would say, and he had had some experience 'in these matters, that the^'only object of the men employed in the public works, from the overseer downwards, was merely to pass away their' time ; hut it was not so with a great number''of the assigned servants, who would do as much or more work than a free^labourer. That this system of prison discipline if made an instrument for enslaving the neople, he himself was an instance of, for, rraving ex- pressed his sentiments too openly, he was refused assigned servants, thereby being com Eelled 'to abandon the pursuits to which he ad*been brought up to, and endeavour to gain ¿livelihood by other means ; nor was he theonly one in the same situation. There were those, however, who could go to the Board of Assignment, and obtain servants, of whatever description they pleased-these were favorites in a Certain quarter ; but do away with the i present system, and there would be an end of | the ability of the Government to injure us in that respect; he should, therefore, vote in ï favour of the original Resolution, but strongly 1 protest against Mr. Home's proposition of receiving the convicts with open arms, ^ífcfe Gellibrandvsaid, he was very glad Mr. YqWg had adverted to the subject of the dis- patch, but he was very doubtful about the «oaroliment which was intended to be con« veyea in it. The British Government in con« sideration of the distress which prevailed in' all parts of the-Mother Country, had 'made it their policy to render thia Colony miserable, in order that the distressed population at home, might not he induced to commit crime, for the urpose of being sent out here.' Short pro ation had been mentioned, but was the Meeting aware of the probation the trans- ported underwent? At home for instance, offenders transported for their first offence, were sent to_ the hulks, and after being con- fined some time were again turned out upon society, finished villians ! It cannot be for- gotten, that some time ago when the «reates^ distress prevailed in thte agricultural districts in England, a large number were convicted and transported for rick burning, and ma- chine breaking-could itbe doubted that these men, if allowed to work on their own account, and by so doing, possess themselves of a little property, would have become respectable members' of the community, and as had been before remarked, the best supporters of the I State, they having an interest in its preserva- tion ? This fact was well known to the first projector of the saving bank scheme, which by allowing every man according to his means, to become a participator in the interests of the commonwealth, was, he hesitated not to say, the grand means by which the credit of Eng- land at that period had been saved. If these men had under proper restrictions, been al- lowed to cultivate a little spot of ground for themselves, there would then be in the country a very different race of beings to what it at presunt possessed-a happy industrious and contented peasantry. One thing he was satis- fied of, that the plan proposed to the Meeting, could be productive of no harm. It may how- ever be depended upon, that so long as we are held up as a terror, so long will offenders, only of the worst description be sent out to us. He (Mr. G.) granted, that it might have the effect of inducing many to commit offences, in order to be sent out here, but they would come as he had before described, willing and desirous of bettering their condition ; but the ticket-of-leave system, which Mr. Young had so highly praised, in his (Mr. G.) opinion held out no,inducement whatever for amendment. , '¿The Sheriff then-read Mr. Young's amend- ment, and put it to the vote, upon which their appeared only four supporters. The original Resolutions was then put, and carried with only three dissentients. Mr. Kemp said, in rising to move the second Resolution, I intend to speak my sen- timents upon' this subject, fearlessly," con- scientiously, and with that liberality which I hope has always distinguished me. That the penal character of this Colony should be at an end, is a consummation devoutly to be wished ; for without it, we may in vain look for Trial by Jury-a Legislative Assembly, or any of those privileges which are the birthright of Englishmen-for in the present state of affairs, if a Member of Parliament stands up to ad- vocate the rights of these Colonies, he is im- mediately put down by our King, who is the Secretary of State for the Colonies, who says, "What! would you give free institu- tions to the inhabitants of a penal settlement -a large prison ?" Lord Bathurst had written out to say, the Home Government would pay the whole expences of prison discipline liberally. But how is this prison discipline paid for? Is not this large prison ta\'ed to the amount of £2,500 a-year for the support of a Governor, who writes home and says that two-thirds of his time is taken up with this same prison discipline? Pri- son discijiline is the order of the day-thus it is, perish commerce-perish the rights of the people- live prison discipline (lohdeheers.) If this be true, how can he have time to attend to the agricultural and commercial interests of the Colonists. I will now pass on to the Colonial Secretary's Department-two-thirds of their time is also employed with this same prison dis-1 cipline; then the Post- office-two thirds of their time are likewise thus employed in forwardirig letters on prison discipline ; and, in fact, all Government offices are employed in like man- ner (cheers.) -I will now ask, are we not entitled to a Legislative Assembly of our own j election-by our properties-by our commerce, | and our population ? But what is the Council j Colonel Arthur has granted to us-who are its | members? Are they not all, with few ex- ceptions, directly under the influence of the Governor ? Did they not vote away £90,000 of the people's money in the course of a few hours-and when the press comes forward to complain of this, it is called licentious, and in jeopardy, threatened with suppression ; but we may rest assured, that until we have a Legisla- tive Assembly elected by the people, the press will always be fettered, and there will be uothing but envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitable ness !-(cheers)-and I am certain the result would be, that the press would not haye occa- sion to write so strongly on nffairs as it does, which endanger the liberty of the subject ; all we want of the Home government is to emancipate the free population, and to take away the reproach from us of being considered a renal settlement. Thirty years have we been placed under this restraint, and it is nov time that, for the benefiit of the i is ng,; generation, this ^stigma should be removal. If such a House of Assembly was granted to us, I trust that slAwouldthen t "? ' ''\ ','" ? ? vi,.,' . ^,v' '.j,l'...,''. '?= find some friend to speak for the liberties and rights of the people. I shall, not'trespass further on your time, but will read the Resolu- tion (cries of, go on.) I will just then make one other observation-so long as slave labour is permitted in these Colonies» so long will there be-a want of industry; for the rising generation will grow up in the belief, that they will have prisoner labour found for them, and will therefore have no need to work for them- selves-and their children after them wijl fol- low in the same course. He then read the second Resolution-after which, he resumed his seat amidst thunders of applause. X2. Resolved.-That while the Colonists gratefully acknowledge the restoration to them of that portion of their civil rights-Trial by Jury-yet they consider their dearest interests involved in the reproach which at present at- taches to them, that they are the occupants of a " large prison," 'and the " materials for the punishment" of British offenders, thereby ef- fectually depriving them of the civil institu- tions of the parent land, their natural inhe- ritance. Mr. Hackett rose to second the Resolution. He said, he felt proud in being thus called upon to take a part on this occasion, when such a momentous question was in considera- tion-one in which our dearest rights were involved. He had, previous to coming there, prepared a few observations, which he had in- tended to have submitted to the meeting, but every one of his arguments had been forstalled -the cream had been taken off by the previous i speakers ; but there was one light in which it had not been viewed, that was, the foul blot ' and disgace which the Colonists bore in the eyes of contemporary nations. Enough had been said on the pounds, shillings, and pence part-but of the prison discipline system, it was itself unfounded in truth-it was, from beginning to end, a lie. It had already been taken into consideration, the high honour of living in a gaol, and of being executioners ? (laugh.) Mr. Young had spoken of the com- pliment which was paid us all, by being designated " materials for punishment ;" and he was very right-was not the prison disci- pline and the Government of this Island founded on sophisms and on false principles? He, Mr. Hackett said, that such a state of things could not be wholesome. To prove this, he would ask, was there a man in the Colony who puts in practice prison discipline in the way the British Government expect ? No ! If he did, his title deeds would soon be in the Derwent Bank, and his body in His Majesty's Gaol, or he would have his head broken. The fact was, there was no such thing as prison discipline ; but the interests of the people were sacrificed to a phantasm. When wé asked for Trial by Jury, did it not rise up in our way like a ghost? If we petition for a Legislative Assembly, it again appears to rob us of our rights. It had been said, that the British Government endeavoured to deter the people from committing crime, by holding up to them the horrors of transportation; but the true preventive was, to give them sufficient food. If the enormous sums wasted in the bugbear of prison discipline were appropriated thus, the annual cost being about £200,000, were used to raise a principal sum of money, what an immense amount could be applicable to the purchase of unproductive land at home, where sustinence could be obtained for the starved inhabitants of Briton. Mr. Young had dilated upon the advanatges derived hy the people here, from the immense establish- ment kept up for the support of the "system." But if he, for the sake of the two pounds which would be his share of the £150,000, when fairly divid ed amongst the people of Van Diemen's Land, can consent to forego his natural rights-if, for such aftness of pot- tage as this he will sell his birth-right, in the 1 name of all that's good, let him enjoy the meal ! (Cheers.) The resolution was then put and carried, with only two dissentient vouiés. Mr. Horne said he had u> move the third Resolution :- , I>t3. Resolved.-That a humble Petition be presented to the King, praying that at the expiration of the Act of Parliament by which these Colonies are at present governed, His Majesty will be pleased to remove from the Colony, the degradation to which it is at ; pre- sent subjected, arising out of its . penal* character. i "Mr. Hackett has truly said, that'all the arguments in favour of the objects for which this'Meeting had been called, lay im a very small space, all the cream as he calls it, has been collected, and I* shall therefore trouble the Meeting with a very few words-but I am afraid I shall appear to very poor advantage, after the eloquent address which preceded me. I wish particularly to call the attention of the Meeting, to the estimation in which we, are held by other parts of the world. If á man, after being here for some years should return home, and it should be asked who is he,' and where does he come from ? the answer would be, oh, he is Mr. so and 60 from Bottom-house Bay. The next question would naturally, be, is HE FREE ? What a very nice situation to be placed in ; very high enconiums.to be pas- sed on us indeed« ; I conjure you jjo think upon the horrid state of. degradation in which we are placed, when other¿countries,¿map. -to «end hither those whom they, cáhhot'sen'd*' out " of the World'an'y"ldth¿'r wayP We" Colonists ' have petitioned and petitioned/'over arid over * again, for a House of < Assembly.1" A'tfd what have we got? 'why pome of/us 'like1 ra'yself have got a red cross, 'uWonrpur"ba<&s;> liker those who are infected with the plague f bat let us not be discouraged; where would the Trial"* by Jury (that miserable boo« which .has been i£, granted to us), where would it have been, hads we not come forward as we did ? \l dare Jsay Jl we shall get no answer to our present applies- ' ' tion-because it strikes at the loot of all the \ salaries, which are paid for the support of* this discipline system ! ' At' the commence- I' ment of the Meeting, I saw here, several of /r those holding offices under .Government, bur Í they are all gone, this affords a conclusive " ^ s' argument, that they can have no feelings tof '. - interest' m common with ours, if we had a Parliament of our own, we should then see' a very different spirit manifested amongst the public officers, for the cause of the people would then be theirs. Remember the princi- ple object of this Meeting,1 is to gain our birth- l right, but so long as the present system exists,. ' so long shall we continue to be deprived of' it. (Loud Cheers.) x ' Mr. Brodribb seconded the Resolution; and in doing so, recommended the perusaV or i an excellent article in the last Tasmanian on the subject. ' Mr. Gilbert Robertson begged to move s an amendment, or rather an addition to the1, ' resolution; he said, though there might not J ' ", be many pie&ent; who were opposed to the J measure, which it was the object of this Meet- ing to carry-yet, they were veiy'numerous'' and at work elsewhere, where we had' not the ' opportunity of meeting and refuteing them. ' » A book, he understood, was being printed, setting forth their views which they'ldare not * publish here, where it could be 'answered ; ' but it was to be sent home before'it was 'Sent' ' foi th to the world. The amendment was-r * i< " And that he will be pleased to appoint a, >,Jí ' Commission of Enquiry, to examine upon the' spot, into the real circumstances and interests v ' < ot the Colony, and into the public* abuses i s which have arisen out of the penal characteri J of the Colony." h\ jjt ¡' Mr. Hackett, stated that he would have >í . seconded Mr. Robertson's amendment, but he <. ' - thought it was entirely begging the question ;A; ) he accordingly declined it. (f t| i , " After some desultory conversation MWfRo-, (,' ? bertson withdrew hite amendment, and" the1* - Third Resolution was then put and carried) * unanimously. , » ¡ w ( » Mr. R. L. Murray then ros? to move ¡.the, i , address. "At this late hour of the day, I--; shall add but a very few/*w,ords to^vhatthas * ¡, already been so ably advanced in. support of« the objects of this Meeting. "-* The question before us resolves itself into t\vo parts-the first is the base, cold, detes*estdble, mei cenary feeling which prompts us td look at »the< pounds, shillings, and pence side of the ques-1 ,j ,. tion ;-the next is the consideration of luÉv far we are concerned in the prison interests of ^ Great Britain. I perfectly agree with M^ ' Gellibrand, that when a prisoner arrives here , we have nothing whatever to do with the cause ^ that brought him. But, says Mr. Youjig,^ -, will you amalgamate him, and suchas him <v I with honest free men, who work for their live- lihood ? The answer is equally short and sa- $ * tisfactory. Our plan would at once do way with this invidious, and equally puhlicly»and > privately injurious distinction, forjf the man ^ J who has been transported comes here and Con-, ¿{ ducts himself propeily, he deserves to be so fy _ amalgamated-if not, he will soon shew the f t cloven foot, and sink into that grade of in- ^y» famy which he will have brought upon, him- -^ self! Again;, Mr. Young would have us.en- * Îuire'whether such and such a man be an Old >. " tailey man or not. Let him reflect a little * upon what he knows of these Colonies, and; , , perhaps he will be of opinion, that it is not be-» i ' cause a man has not had crime recorded > "> against him that he is therefore guiltless. " I would ask," said Mr. Murray, " how many men there are who come free to these shores,, who, if every action of their lives were to he ¡ strictly investigated, would not shrink from . the enquiry ! I contend, that numbers of those who are transported hither for, very tri- 4 vial offences, are perhaps less guilty in a mo- ^ , ral point of view than some of the most high i pretending; and these are the men of whom4 " Mr. Young asks, would you throw them among us free? Yes, Sir, I would do-eo, until by some act they render themselves < , amenable to punishment. Thus, Mr. Young . will at once see that his reference to occur .rences in England, is a dpublejCuttingswqrd If it cuts one way, we may rest assured it will be found.to cut equally deeply ¿the other. I assert Sir, andiwithout fear-of refutation, ihajt if many of those who, with the term, Fres Emigrant, for ever in their mouths,, assume the loftiest pretensions, were to be subject to the severity of inquisition into every act of ' their lives, from their very infancy,, to which ' many others who have arrived here otherwise have been, t few jof them indeed would comev forth equally unscathed ! I mean, this, with./ . out any particular reference, and whjleji^8-« '' sert it fearlessly, I regret that it hasbeeu^ called from me. It is all very WeU fcr,genr;, * i t***' v tlemeñ to sitydown and talk about'wholesome SrFwQïhéyS that; instead of the* pleasant and agreeable picturethey have drawn to themselves of the place they are about tobe sent to, they will have to undergo punishment worse than death ? This is the wholesome control-the short pro- bation'that Mr. Young tells us even the men themselves ' are so delighted with. 11 shall trouble youfSir, with but a few words as to the. pounds, shillings, and pence considera- tion."! -I ask, is there a single man amongst us who, for the sake of the paltry two pounds, which;'if the whole of the British expenditure was divided amongst us >in cash upon this /table» is somewhat more than that our respec- tive shares would come to, would consent to ' be kept lin a'State' of slavery? Is there amongst us one, t who, M it.were offered him, would! be- base enough. to accept of it ? li there be such a man, place him before me in order that I 'may contemplate the monster, andx know how to 'avoid him ! I was thun- derstruck-I doubted ' the evidence of my senses at hearing the sentiments I have heard this day fall from the lips of any man, much more from Mr. Yonng, whom I am proud to call my friend,* and of whose privatehonor and integrity every man who hears me is well assured-yet who, I am compelled to accuse of political dishonesty in making assertions and references, which I am sure are foreign to his heart. Mr. Young had stated that a ticket-of-leave man enjoyed all the privileges of a free man. I would ask of him how is that possible, when for the most trifling of- fence, his ticket is suspended, and he himself most severely punished ! As to the nature of the offences of hundreds of the unfortunate beings who have been sent hither from Eng- land, I will read a few passages from some of the latest papers I have received, which tended to shew that the extremity of distress now existing in England, drove the wretched sufferers to the committal of crime, in order to obtain either the temporary relief afforded by gaol allowance, or even transportation, in all its horrors." Mr. Murray read from some consecutive number of the Times, of October last, as follows : TOWN-HALT, SOUTHWARK.-'Thomas Carter, a young man ovidently in great distress, was brought before Mr. Aldeiman Ansley yesterday by Hanes, the street-keeper and bead'e of St. Olave's, charged with, wilfully breaking two panes of glass in the shop window of Mr. Brighton, one of the overseers of the above parish. It appeared from the statement of the complain- ant, that about 12 o'clock on the preceding day, the defendant came to his shop and demanded relief, and ou being refused his application he broke two panes of glass iii his shop-windowi ' ' The defendant'; in reply tb'the charge, said that he was starving, and that he had broken the complain- ants windows for the purpose of Tieing sent to prison. He had a.wife and four children dependent upon him for support, and the parish authorities refused either , to take them into the workhouse or to relieve their ; v necessities? The.Alderman committed the 'defendant to prison ,^ foriqno month, and^o be kept to,hard labour, .if ''r i. JoJ>n Kemp was also charged>? with attempting to ' break tfie windows of Mr. Brighton under similar circumstances. Sentenced the same. WESTMINSTEII SissioNS.-Thomas Johnson, a person who had evidently moved in a respectable sphere of life', was in'licted for Rtealing two books, "Sonthey's Remains of,,Henry Kirke White," from the shop of Mr. Jolly, a bookseller of Wardon street, Oxford-street, on the 8th of October instant. The taking of the property was clearlv proved, and on the Chairman calling on the prisoner for his defence, he said that reverses of fortune had led him to the committal of >a crime he did not wish to justify or palliate. He had taken the books in question, having a wife in the uttermost state of destitution' ttfld, at the time of the theft, in a state of complete starvation. He had solicited under the new Poor Law Bill relief, and had been given bread only, but couîd'iie and hi» wife live"upon this! With no home, no,bed, and without work, he was driven to desperation. If he went to prison, under the existing poor laws* Ve should be better off than his poor wife, who; though at liberty, must starve. . .Thq,Jurjifoiyid the pj isoner Guilty, but strongly 'récommeftded'bira to the merciful considération of the Court. The Chairman said that poverty did not justify 1 crime, but taking his destitute circumstances into < consideration, the Court would only adjudge him to , one'-month's imprisonment in the House of Cor Tefîtiort. < ' '' v jin'the course of the day Mr. Fenn (the foreman 1 of 1 the grand jury) took occasion to remark to the Court, that he was instructed- by his fallow-jurors to ' say that they much regretted that bills for crimes ! under Is. should.be brought before them. Wonsnip-sTiiEET.-Yesterday three young men, ' 'in'an extreme state of distress, who gave their names Järaes"Douglass and Thomas and William Creswell (>the two latter brothers), were placed at the bar before Mr.jBenett*, charged with having on' the pre- ceding night gone into the Bhop of Mr. John Rush- more, an eating-house-keeper, in Long-alley, Fins *. bury,'-.and had their suppers without having the means of paying for them. . ," The prisoners in their defence, said that they were in an{ext'reme state of destitution, and could not get' work. ,* '<-'.,!. . <. . , , >., WORSHIP-STUB«? T.^-'A. roiser'ablc-1qokingvold roan, bordering on 60 years of a^e,, was «yesterday placed _. *Lji LK.knrA«ft TUT» rr.....r~..Air* -**a.*r-A_, ,_ _ li*,*, Jt The corisUbléisaiu, ÍUat'abou"ri2 Vclock on the" precedingnt.ht,'he found theVprimmer asleep ia a brick-field at Hackney,! and od questioning him, he said he had no home, nor the'mean» of purchasing a morsel of bread'.^ *, ^ > * VTÍf . -J1 ?Mr. Twyford.-Whait is your nahte,1 my good maní '«M' ** ' *"* * ! Prisoner.-My namfe-,; ydiír worship, is Richard' Bartlet, and I have applied to the ovejíaers of -W hite chape), in which parish I formerly' carried on a re- spectable business, but they refused to grant,me any relief. I wish your honor would send me to prison. ( s / I Mr. TwyFoWf-No magistrate has now, under the new act, the power of ordering relief to the poor, and all I can do is to commit you to prison under the Vagrant Act. Where did you sleep m a bed last? The prisoner after a few minutes consideration, replied in the parish of Whitechapel, but he thought that was at least three months ago. Mr. Twyford.-Then I suppose you have been wandering about the streets ever since 1 Prisoner.-Yes; I generally slept of a night in the field where the o'ficer found n\e. , Mr. Twyford.-Well, I can now' commit you on your own statement as a vagrant. Prisoner.-I should be thankful if your worship would do that. Mr. Twyford.-I shall commit you, then, to the House of Correction for a month The prisoner was then removed to the lock-up. Mr. Murray read several other articles to the same purport. These, said he, are but faint delineations of what might be adduced in support of my assertion, that distress is the real crime of which a very great majority of the miserable beings transported from Britain are guilty, if indeed guilt of any sort can at- tach to such a mockery, as is the form called a Trial, the time occupied in which is on pub- lic Parliamentary Record, to have been upon the average of sixteen hundred consecutive cases, three minutes and a half each ! And yet the result of this mockery is, punishment worse than death ! And here, I cannot but advert to an invitation recently given by Mr. Melville, to 100,000 Englishmen to commit offences in order to be transported hither. Now suppose that number, or any portion of it, should accept my friend's invitation ; of course on their arrival they would be the Old Bailey men, of whom Mr. Young asks whe- I ther it is fitting they should be amalgamated amongst us. Sir, I say yes 1 and I say now, that the subjecting them to the worse than death Prison Discipline, would be the most monstrous-mo3t wicked injustice ! The es- sence of crime is the intent-the animas /« ranqfi. Would these men Jhave been guilty ? Would the intent of these^men have been to steal î Or would it not have been as~ in one of the cases I have just quoted, to make the theft the means of procuring transportation hither ? Yet if Mr. Melville's proposition was to be acted upon ; these men, these innocent men, innocent of intentional theft, would be branded here as Old Bailey men-as the off scouring of England, and as unfitted fo/com pari8on with the work house deported pau- pers, because-unhappy men ! the word was differently confounded, and they were called transported felons ! I will now advert briefly to the chain gang discipline, which cannot be better demonstrated than by the following communication transmitted to me. General treatment, and scale of Rations, at Sorell Rivulet Road Party, February 25th, 1835. Themen, about 120 in number, comprise the party, they proceed lo their work at day-break, and reach the station, which is about a mile and a half from the work?, about six at night, the men then wash, are mustered, and in about half an hour aro ordered to bed, after being locked up, and are scarcely allowed to speak. Some of the men aie employed quarrying stone, others use the pick and shovel, a good number are at the bairows, and a few break stones for the road, there are some employed about the station in various ways, and four or five in the bush. There are five overseers to the ging, who are continually hallooing to the men, " out with those barrows"-"fill them, up,"-"tear it down there," and sometimes very coirse language is made use of by them ; these men are but a very little time in the gang before they become wretched looking objects, they loose their tempers, and can scarcely speak civil one to the other. They are forced to work too many hours, and too hard, for the under- mentioned quantity of victuals. I have seen twenty of a morning fall out for the hospital, and commonly 14 or 15, some of which are taken in, and some re- ceive medicine and return to their work again, more dead than alive.' The scale of Rations is, lOJlbs of flour, 7ibs. of meat. 3 Jibs of potatoes, or lib of cab- bage, and 3j ounces salt per week ; which furnishes about ' J of bread per day (sometimes a good deal less), about ten ounces of meat and bone, (of winch there is a large proportion) and about 4 veiy small .potatoes, and a pint of thin skilly night and morning j which is not worth mentioning. I have known a man in the extremity of hunger, snatch a " damper" weighing about albs from the burning ashes, and greedily devour it. The Magistrate did, not punish the man 'for it, he could not find it in his heart. ¿Hundreds of similar instances are of daily occurrance. but this one is sufficient. r «< * " Mr. Murray then returned to the arguments of Mr? Young, to which he repliedat some length and much energy, and concluded a very animated speech which was received with ' applause by reading the following address. ^ To the King's Most Excellent Majesty. I MOST GRACIOUS SOVEREIGN- - ' - " ' We,;your» Majesty's faithful «subjects, the free inhabitants of Van Dieraen's Land, in Public Meeting,¿<§uly convened by the Sheriff, aiwembled, bfeg permission to' approach your k Majesty with ë^ery a^urancé of our loyalty and devotion. { # ' " _> /K v# ,/? fi" f¿jV*, ¿nbst, respectfully submit to your Ma- jesty,) that a-very ¡great proportion of your Majesty's subjects, of those who emigrated from their native .land ;j to encounter the difficulties and deprivations, necessarily attendant upon their becoming, the occupants of a new country, were induced so to do, in the hope and belief, that however necessary the penal character of the Colony .might have been to its original formation, yet, that as the Colony increased in independence and importance, that cha- racter would have been progressively modified, in order to its final extinction ; instead of which, your Petitioners humbly submit to your Majesty that it has lately increased, and is increasing, to a fearful extent, thereby i violating the feelings.of the adult, and barba- ' rizing the habits, and demoralizing the princi- ples of the rising generation, and tending ef- fectually to check future emigration ; and this, while a revenue of one hundred thousand pounds sterling per annum is being drawn from your Majesty'b faithful subjects, and the ex- ternal and internal relations of the Colony being of daily increasing extentand importance, prove to demonstration that the Colonists are fully and fairly entitled to have' the^ land of their adoption placed in its appropuate station amongst your Majesty's free Colonies. . Your Petitioners humbly submit to your Majesty, that while they gratefully acknow- ledge the restoration to them of that valuable portion of their civil right-«-Trial by Jury, yet they cousider their dearest interests in- volved in the reproach that at present attaches to them, that they are the occupants of a large prison, and the materials for the punishment of British offenders- inasmuch as that, there!)*?* they are effectually deprived of their natural inheritance-the civilinstitutions of their native land. Your Majesty's humble Petitioners most respectfully pray of your Majesty, to be pleased in your paternal goodness to re- move from the Colony of Van Diemen's Land, the degradation and other un- speakable evils, to which it is-subjected in consequence of its present penal cha- racter. And your Petitioners, as in duty bound, ""* will ever prayy* Dr. Crowther seconded the address. Mr. Gilbert Robertson, said he would pro- test against it going forth to the,world,' that the opinion of the people of Van Diemen's Land was embodied in the address which had been proposed. - - ..'.,.. Mr. Young, likewise considered that the address was at variance with the sentiments of the majority of the thinking portion of the community. Dr. Ross, said he considered this was a question of considerable interest to the Co- lony, and therefore required very great con- sideration, more he feared than the first pro- jectors of the Meeting had given to it. His opinion was, that the system of assignment was what might be properly termed prison discipline, and that chain gangs, road parties, and penal settlements were only resorted to when prison discipline had failed ; it was, he thought, necessary thai we, having the controul of the prisoners, should be a stage above them according to the present plan. None but a respectable mau could have a prisoner assigned to him. These he stated were his sentiments, and he would support them with his last breath. If the proposed measures were adpoted, we should soon be in the same situation we were in Colonel Sorell's time, when the first question asked on rising in the morning was, how many robberies had been committed during the night, and how many throats cut. If the prisoners were allowed to come here to work for themselves, the labour of those who came here free would be materially injured j and he, for one, should not like to have the bread taken out of his mouth (cries of " oh ! oh.") Mr. Horne said, that he thought Dr. Ross had answered himself, for he received a certain something very handsome from Government, and there might be printers amongst -them. ^ Dr. Ross very warmly said, that, Mr. Horne had no right to make such personal allusions. Mr. Horne stated, if Dr. Ross had waited a little, he should have come to lawyers by and bye (laughter.) After a little more desultory conversation, Mr. Murray was requested again to read the Address, which, having done, it was carried with only three disséminer voices. i was. cari-leu wini oniy inree aissenting voices. ]Mr. Thompson moved, that the Sheriff sign it on behalf of the people of Van Die men's Land, which, after some little opposi- tion, was carried by a large majority. Mr. Hemsley, attempted to make a speech but could not get on, he then moved that a Deputation be appointed to present the ad- dress to His Excellency, and to solicit Him to forward it to His Majesty, and to bestow upon it the advantage of his powerful support. Seconded by Mr. Gellibrand. Mr. Kemp, was called to the chair. The thanks of the Meeting were then voted to the Sheriff with the most unbounded applause.' . j [We are compelled, in consequence of the press of matter, to omit our Police Report' this week.] . > v , « 0 . , < t > - f 