English Extracts. THE EARL OF DURHAM AND THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON.— The following letter has been addressed by the Earl of Durham to the Under Secretary of State for the Home Department :— Lambton Castle, Dec. 16. ? SIR,— Having at various times transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Home Department ad- dresses to his Majesty from Dunfermline, Ban- nockburn, Kilmarnock, Ceres, Newport (Mon- mouthshire), Airdrie, Paisley, Galston, St. Ninian’s, and Cork, and not having been honoured even with a formal acknowledgement of their receipt, I take the liberty of requesting this act of courtesy from you, as Under Secretary, and at the same time forward you an address to the King from Irvine, which I beg you to lay before his Grace the Home Secretary for presentation to his Majesty.— Your obedient humble servant, DURHAM. S. M. Phillips, Esq.. Home- ^ office, London ( THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON AND THE EARL OF DURHAM. The following is the reply of the Under Secretary of State to the Earl of Durham : - My Lord I have the bo four to acknowledge the receipt of your lordship's letter of the 15th instant, and I beg; to assure your lordship that I believe there has been no delay, which could have been avoided in answering the addresses forwarded by your Lordship to this, office. trust it will be thought unnecessary to assure your lordship that all addresses, whether they may be supposed to be favourable or unfavourable to lifee existing ministry, receive expo ly the same attend tion. Anti I beg to add that the information of their presentation to his Majesty has (been coiAmu treated with as much dispatch as was practicable. Some days must almost unavoidably intervene before addresses can be presented to the King and there has been on the present occasion such an unusually great number of tresses, the business of and with them has been extremely heavy, and v. '? I on this account not proceeded more slowly than! usual. a I beg now to inform your lordship that the information of the presentation of the addresses from Dunfermline, Bannockburn, Kilmarnock, Ceres, Newport, Airdrie, and Paisley, was communicated to your lordship by a letter, signed by the Di le. el w alligators, on the 16th instant m. A similar fell r ships line the address from 6 at sion signed by the Duke of Wellington yesterday, will be is handed to your lordship this evening., to go there with a letter, also signed by his grace' respecting the. address from Cork , and the answer to the address from St. Ninians will be forwarded as soon as possible. I may add that it is not usual to write a lot ter I merely for the purpose of acknowledging hole east of an ad In sad and the answer is not sent and in the inf> number of tun bo coinruunir.niod of the ud trust having been laid before the King. I have, etc , (Signed) J M Pim LI PB Home Office Dec 26 1834 BRITISH COLONIES.— The colonies now belonging to the crown of Great Britain exclu- sive of those under the government of the East India Company, are as follows :— In the West Indies and South America— 1, Antigua, including Barbuda ; 2, Barbadoes ; 3, British Guiana ; 4, Dominica ; 5, Grenada ; 6, Jamaica ; 7 Mountserrat ; 8, Nevis ; 9, St Christopher’s, including Anguilla ; 10, St. Lucia, 11, St Vincent ; 12, Tobago ; 13, Trinidad ; 14, Virgin Islands. In North America, continental and insular 1, Bahama Islands ; 2, the Bermuda or Somer’s Islands ; 3, Canada Town ; 4, Canada Upper ; 5, Prince Edward’s Island ; 6, New Brunswick ; 7, Newfoundland, with part of Labrador ; 8, Nova Scotia, including Cape Breton. In Africa— 1, Cape of Good Hope ; 2, Sierra Leone, with the settlement on the Gold Coast. In the Indian Seas — 1, Ceylon ; 2, Mauritius, with the Seychelles. In the South Seas — New South Wales with Norfolk Island ; 2, Van Diemen’s Land ; 3. Western Australia. And in addition to these may be enumerated the following British possessions, which are said not strictly to fall within the definition of Colonies in Europe—1, Gibraltar ; 2, Heligoland ; 3, Malta— Clarkson Colonial Law. UTILITY OF DuLNess. Dull, timid, and all men are, as it were, the cement of society, he mortal u Inch serves to connect and bind together the more valuable parts of life great future. They are, like their supposed prototype, m indispensable part of the superstructure, a sort of trifling me. five series of particles, which, however worthless in themselves, cannot be done witbouK They are the seasoning of society-some what liberally sp asked to be sure I they give a soft and flavour to the social circle, which even Attic salt cannot impart. Paradoxical as it may appear, they are the finest possible breaks in the continuity of mere liveliness, and converse would actually become teams without them. A dull united unity would prevail and we all know by experience, that nothing pills so much as unvaried s\ stubble ness UHshadeil mirth and unrelieved bullion. DeatH. like dulness itself, is not so tiresome and fatiguing. When a boy I often made fireworks, Once in compounding a set of squibs I forgot to mix up with him positive or bait) ere and gunpowder, tim positive pounded charcoal!, and in firing them off oned consisted of but one eXp onion, bright, no doubt, but transmit', also, and dangerous vMtbnl , while the sq bills which were rightly in 'fed up, were both bright and sparkling too, and much more Inning, lies and they did not search me". Du 1 men are, then, to society, what charcoal is to squids. 1 A Letter from King George's Sound, Western Australia dated the 4th of June, says. " No long can equal HIS fineness of the climate, and the country is beautiful 1 purchased l,o¡)0 acres a (joining this cottage from the Government, at 5s per acre, equal in quality to most estates in Ireland of the same extent, There are many bad lies near the town of miles in extent without a tree to prevent the plough being set to work, and capable of producing any crop say wheat stacks ward not disgrace any claim yard in Devonshire, but as yet I have no time to thrash it in, nor a mill to I, Hid ii I have been here nine months and we have had but one day of really bad weather in this neighbourhood we have plenty of water I found san r at the depth of 24 feet, and afterwards sunk another well never the house and found it at j the depth of 17 feet of excellent q valley, it has never fails I. although this has been testified! sum man ever known, Mr Merino sheep have thriven well on the lid herbage of this country. no more has since 1 "ot 1 TO Saxon ewes from Van Die- men < Land and U day 7s ewes from Sj slimy with excellent flour in casks, at 20 per ton , bus beef at dr 1. per pound, an I potatoes at £9 per to 1 his country is very thickly wooded in most places We are now 79 poison s here, besides the military when I arrived there were only 17 persons I be not ves appear wall inclined towards us, and make excellent servants for bringing wood and water and that sort of work Fish is in great abundance, here, particular y mackerel, whiting, salmon, so but we are in great want of half an i lines " ^ THE MIDNIGHT MAN Under this title M. Daguerre was produced his finest storm', which is now the great attraction of Paris. At first view a brilliant sunshine shows in perfection the interior ofthechnrob of Sr. Running du Mont, with its long line of massive columns, its lofty roof, and the beauty til architecture of the altar, Sea' There M a solemn stillness in the scene, the tranquillity OF which is, as it were, enhanced by the appearance of an immense number of empty chairs irregularly arranged in the middle distances. The five continues to dwell with delight on the endless details represented, as well as on the splendid proportions' of the edifice, till the shades of evening gradually envelope everything, and the moonbeams streaming through the windows on the right give to the whole a new and beautiful screen. Anon, lights appear at the extremity of the mails; chandeliers illuminate the building, and, in the eastern limit of all show hitherto untenanted chairs ranged in order and fully occupied, together with a number of figures standing behind them, It is a midnight mass, and nothing seems wanting but the sound of music, when lo! the organ is heard performing a G ¡mia Patri. The illusion being thus comp etc, the highs disappear the darkness is soon after gradually dispelled by the dawn, and the rain ning dawn, and the returning day displays everything in the same state as at first, the chairs irregular and un- occupied, and the building deserted, M. Daguerre assures the public, that the whole of these effects are produced by variations of light, reflected and refracted, and the flat piece of canvass on which the picture is painted undergoes no change whatever. CONTENTMENT AND RESIGNATION. It-is recorded of Fenelon, that when his library was on fire " God be praised," said he, '. that is not the habit ance of some poor man. How seen daily placid must the mind of Dr. Watts have been, when, in he prospect of death, he said, 'I bless God I can lie down with comfort at night, was Itcitous whether I awake in this world or another." EXTRAORDINARY SCENE AT COURT' MARITAL.-À|laughabty serious circumstance took place about a fortnight or so ago at Arcos upon the trial of a havildar of the 2d regiment Light Cavalry. This man having been charged with some minor offence, was warned of a regimental court martial convened to investigate into his CJSB, when he appealed from a native regimental to an European general court martial under a late provision. The court accordingly assembled, and the proceedings were con ferred upon, but fearing loom the turn matters appeared to take that things were going against him, the havil- dar deliberately spat in the face of the officer sitting nearest to him. The members of the court stared at one another paralysed with astonishment, and the havildar making the most of his time, regularly served them all out, throwing his turban at the president, giving one of the members a punch in the victualling office, and spitting in the faces of the rest. The members of the court, recovering from the love Eric of wonder, drew their swords, and, in a moment afterwards, half a dozen sabre points were presented at the prisoner. The president, however, immediately desired their swords to be returned to their sheaths, when the havildar made a dash for the sword of a cavalry officer, who was one of the members of the court. He seized the bill, and had partly drawn the blade from the scabbard when he was seized. The man was then handcuffed, and is to be tried for the mutiny, but he declares his resolution to die, and swears he will starve himself to death. Down to the date of our intelligence he had been nearly three days without food. A remarkable feature in the case is, that when he was given his choice of a native or European court to try him for the mutiny, he- again preferred to be tried by European officers. This, we believe, is the first instance of such conduct ever known among sepoys.-Madias Gazette; ' ' A MALE GitUMiiLFR.-There were more strong ating libraries in the town than one, but the principal was that which had a news-room con needed with it and was kept by one of the congregation to which I had the honour of prom lung The keeper of the library was a widow, who IBU duel characteristic was the seventy with which she regarded the failings and faults of mankind, in angled with ft to by lively feeling of (the evils or inactive t fences to which she herself was subs'. Whe her she practised grumbling because she was naturally not coiistnutinnally eloquent, or whether | she became eloquent from the practice of grumbling I could not tell For my part, I never dared pass .. day without calling to see her, for if I did, I should I have to lindere" a most daring expostulation from | hair. Then there was such m*urnliiliit*i<» in best style it was not a good downright' s surely sort of grumble, it was all sorrowfulness and almost, fifty, s mediums quite on in g She he used to say that she felt herself a burden ID ever) one and when and) me came to a H IIB' she used to express herself as deeply oblige I by the very kind attention though I at the same time my omission of cavalry would pr< take a serious fit of lamentation Chu convene or rather powered every thing into the means of mournfu'tiesr 'she had the knack of milk n things J lyfiil tim minds of paon on Har the usefulness was lamentable elie and a kind of pity peculiar, 1 think to herself, for every painful or unpleasant cir consignee in life she regarded as a punishment for his sins, and every thing that was pleasant, prosperous or agreeable, get her upon grieving at the thought that it was, more than she deserved. In dry weather she thought that the earth would be patched up, and that all vegetation, would perish, and in wet weather, if she could not see a rainbow, she thought that number deluge was coming to sweep away the inh tennants of the earth. ' She saw in the world nothing but sin and sorrow She used to say that ministers of the gospel should never laugh, and linn they won back to in nature that they were in niniirnin'e'for theism of the world - Autobiography of a Dissenting Murder i CURIOUS CUSTOM IN THE AZORES There is a custom amongst the inhabitants, Zappa renth quite peculiar to these islands. In every parish the annual h, at the festival of the Holy Ghost, elect a chief, whom they style Emperor, or rather a certain number, named by the res , draw lots for this honour at the church, when the horse into individual is owned by the priests with a silver coronal, whereas he receives a sceptre, both being previous. solemnly consecrated The ceremony and appropriitesorvioe ended, the hope Under retires, surrounded by crowds of his confrere, who strew his path wallflower a, receiving in return a general blessing by the Arriving' of his consecrated sceptre He then proceeds to a a small open the building, erected for the purpose in every patch, called ' O Teatro de Impe ador, ' there he says to state, encircled by his friends with a table before him, on which he receives the donations of the pious, consisting of turn!, as in,', poultry, and meat, which are carefully distributed in the evening to the tour, lbs Imperator afterwards i cures with his friends to his own cottage, which has been previously cleared, vi lute washed and ornamented with garlands, where they indulge in feasting, rustic games, singing to the viola and dancing;, until a late hour. This ceremony continues during seven weeks every Friday, and nothing can exceed the estimate n than is shown by the lower orders who are competitors on these occasions, they not unfrequently pain! or sell their whole little property to sustain his koipitnlur they wish To p actice during the term of their reign, when they keep open house for the friends of their opens At the expiration of the seven weeks the crown and seep rd are deposited in the parish church, on a silver salver, until the ensuing celebration of the festival -Copiant Birds Azores. AMERICAN PHRASEOLOGY. We have often been amused with anecdotes illustrative of the peculiar phraseology of some of the people of the western states, A gentleman from the eastern part of this note, n he has just completed a tour through the wilds at the was , gave us the following He rode up to a house III Illinois, ur mud which' have more improvements than were common to the court he Du inquiring of the no war If he would sell the premises, he replied! he would " What do i au asks was the second interrogatory ' 1 as a good day." How much is that 1 ' ' A right smart chance of more v." " What is a right smart dance of money ? ' a heap more than I give for it " " Well, sir that is your price, now. por more Y " I'll allow 1 don t Want to soil It -suits York Paper. INSPIRED AMTJIMC IC -A boy named Ivan Petroff, even years of age, the son of a peasant of Uagozine, a village in the district or KologirezolT, government of Kostroma, who can neither read nor write, has shown the most extraordinary capacity for solving arithmetical problems The modus operandi cannot be discovered, but the answers are always correct The emperor has ordered that he suit be educated so far as to enable him to read and write three languages, namely, Hu sian French and German, and he has placed 1000 cables at interest for the future benefit of the boy. COBBETT.-Cobbetthas written a life of Gin hickson It is currents I to to the working people of Irel ml," but was probably intended that next day for that port on of those who reside in the United States Cobber is very anxious to help Gen Jackson on hath his p Oct at .tlostiormg the masters and destruc- ive. minister that over the Almighty) in his ist pleasure permitted to be the te tire of off ml Rf nations " and he Iiustiken the course which he nee ned Lau adapted to effect his object. By appealing to the national prejudice s of Innsbruck, he hopes to secure their 'unanimous vote for the son of" poor Irish Emigrant pare Us, driven from their tent We found by their inexorable oppressors "- He ca Is Geo Xjcksou " the greatest soldier and the greatest statesman whose name has ever yet appeared upon the records of valour and a is a " Washington was a fool to burn. 1 the book must be very taking to trial men, and will be worth as much to the Jackson party for electioneer ? rig purposes as a cargo of whiskey. New York Journal of Commerce. 