\----+--+---- State of Things under the Government _____ of Colonel George Arthur. _____________Lies. Colonel George Arthur says the Rev. William Bedford lies and d— — ks, and gets in debt. The Rev. William Bed- ford says Colonel Arthur lies in his des- patches, and deals in detraction. The Rural Dean says his Rev. Brother B. lies and gets in debt. Brother B. says the Dean lies, and suffers from the effects of too early an entry into the Church ! How is your nose ? O ! you are there, are you ; well, go on. Parson Norman says Brother B.lies most egregiously. Brother B. says the same of him. Brother B. says Parson Drought lies ! Drought says the same of him. Arthur says Archer lies ! Archer says the same of him. O'Connor says Moore lies ! Moore says the same of him. Forster says Archer lies ! Archer says the same of him. O'Connor says Moore is ai shy cock ! Moore says the same of him. Douglas says O'Connor is a shy cock ! O'Connor says the same of him. Lascelles says Mason swore falsely in the case of Greenwood ! Mason says the same of him. O'Connor said Fereday was perjured ! Fereday said just the same of him. O'Connor wrote that Stephen was cor- rupt ! Stephen dined with him. Stephen said O'Connor perjured him- self in the case ' O'Connor v. Fereday ! ' Stephen afterwards dined with him ! Stephen hates O'Connor ! O'Connor hates him. Forster hates Stephen ! Stephen hates Forster. The Clerk of the Court is a cheat ! One of the Judges is too well known to require a designation. Chief Justice Pedder is a Gentleman, arid an honest man. Arthur says Burnett lies ! Burnett is silent. Montagu says Robertson lies ! Ro- bertson rebuts the calumny, and retorts upon Montagu. Dr. Hudspeth says Montagu's mad ! Montagu says the same of him. Montagu says Rowlands is a respect- able character ! ! ! Rowlands says the very same of him. Forster says Murray is a man who ought to be received into society ! ! ! Murray says the same of Forster. Is not this rich ? O'Connor speaks in the highest terms of Murray ! Murray says O'Connor had nothing to do with the coach. Murray says Gregson is a public execu- tioner, a boxer, a gambler, a horse racer, a cock fighter, a cannibal ! Gregson laughs. Murray says Meredith is Moloch ! Meredith. says he ought to - have been hanged. Murray says the Town Surveyor is corrupt ! The Town Surveyor is foolish enough to notice him ! But to' sum up Murray. He has ap- plied penal settlement epithets to every public character in the Colony excepting two, who are, notoriously, scouridrels of his own kidney ! Now is no this a pretty state of things ? A volume of leading articles, written with the force and clearness of old Cobbet, could not have so excited the " special wonder" of our readers as the torts and retorts of the rogues themselves ! We believe all the worthies, excepting Mr. Robert Lathorp Murray and Mr. Thomas Mason. In the case of these two Gentlemen, our organ of credulity is not sufllciently developed. Our health, which is somewhat impaired under the " Darling" system of the phi- lanthropic Arthur, compelled us to adopt this condensed form of writing ; and it is probable we may be obliged to continue this new style for a few weeks, or until such time as bur health is restored. We shall meanwhile, state facts, and leave our indulgent readers to draw inferences. Change of air is often highly beneficial to invalids, and in our case we expect it will work wonders. We have, through the merciful indulgence of one of the gaolers, been removed from the lobby to the con- demned cells ! Whether Colonel Arthur or Corporal Capon, or both were merci- ful, we know not, but here we are in comparatively comfortable quarters. We should feel for Colonel Arthur if he were in this place with his conscience. The murdered natives do not haunt us. Al- though imprisoned in a dungeon, our consciences are happily free from the taint of any deadly sin. We can wash our hands without muttering, '' Out, damned spot." What a Hell would this be, if we had destroyed our fellow crea- tures by mental torture— if in our dreams we heard the shrieks of the tortured native of Honduras— if we fancied we saw the bloody and lacerated back of the poor wretch, how we should writhe in agony-— if in our ear we heard the dying voice of poor Parson Youl, saying, " I die the victim of persecution !" ---if the ghosts of Colquhoun, Abbott, Welsh, Mosquitto, Black Jack, and the whole race of Aborigines, floated round our bed, we might say with the bloody King Richard, " O ! I have dreamed a fear- ful dream." But it is not so with us— we have the " fairest-boding" dreams of the downfal of the faction. The ghosts of the persecuted come to our cell, and say—on ! victory ! and on we will march, until retributive justice overtakes the men who are foes to British liberty, and enemies to the human race. Look at our motto--look at the men and their measures, and say are such men and such measures not enough to produce anti-British feelings--to excite disgust in the minds of all honorable men ? While we live, we will oppose such Ru- lers, notwithstanding the apparent hope- lessness of our cause ; for no man , after reading the manner in which the British Government has protected the monster Darling, can have any sanguine expec- tation of redress from Ministers. We must look to the British Press—the Peo- ple, and the Parliament. It is nonsense to talk of the Secretary of State for the Colonies doing anything against a Go- vernor. The man must be brutally stu- pid who expects anything of the kind. Darling has, and Colonel Arthur might, commit murder with impunity, as far as regards the Secretary of State for the Colonies. The Colonies have been, through all history, mere cess, pools, to receive the scum and out-throwings of a baneful system of British patronage, and they will continue to be such until the people resist, the imposition of such a grievous tax. Talk of constituted Au- thorities, such as the Secretary of State fbr.the Cplpnies is pleased to appoint to rule over us, and the respect we should shew them ! Is it not an .insult to tell the people to respect such men ? Yes, the British Government have no right to inflict upon the Colonists men, without either principle or character, or talents, to qualify them to fill the responsible offices they are appointed to. Look back to the first settlement of this Colony, and take a review of the constituted Au- thorities from that period up to the pre- sent, and then say what has been the conduct of the respective Secretaries, as regards the appointment of Governors, Judges, Attorney Generals, &c.; ? Will the veriest hack in the Colony say that the slightest regard has been paid to the people or their interests ! Why, poor Ross, who seems to be lost to all sense of shame, would blush to say so. Yet we are told to respect the constituted Au- thorities ! What has been the conduct of the Judge, who abused us in such a dignified manner, and sent us here ? Is he a fit and proper person to fill the office of' Judge ? Was it the requisite qualifications to fill the awfully responsi- ble oflice — or patronage that sent him hither ? Mr. Joseph Hone, assisted the Judge. How came he amongst us ?— But it is no use pursuing the subject fur- ther. The Colonists now feel the ne- glect and injury they have sustained by Secretaries of Slate— and it is to be hoped that they will now act in remem- brance of those injuries, and place no more confidence in Downing-street. If Colonel Arthur's Government had been free from abuses of an intolerable des- cription, we should not have been, in a condemned cell-— abuses exist in almost every department of the Province, and for exposing them we are here, and our children are left in this community un- protected ! So much for the state of things under the Government of Colonel George Arthur. 