English Extracts. STATE OF IRELAND. OTHER matters have for some days past diverted our attention from that condition of things, and more espe- cially from that temper of what Mr. O'Connell calls "the popular party" in Ireland, which forms the subject of two letters recently, published by that gen- tleman,—the first directly to the "people of Ireland," —the second equally written for their benefit, though addressed nominally to Lord Duncannon. Besides, it was unnecessary for us to be in a hurry to notice them, as the articles of our contemporaries would keep them well before the public. The appearance, however, of a third letter from the same Whiteboy Chesterfield—his second letter to Lord Duncannon— has induced us to break silence. It is not saying much for either of the first two of these productions, to acknowledge that we have read others from the same hand which exceeded them in coarseness, virulence, and intemperance, but no one which ever surpassed them in its involuntary evidence to the extent of the writer's schemes for revolution- izing the relations between Great Britain and Ireland. The first letter appears to have been suggested by the unfortunate vote of the House of Lords against the Tithe Bill, and by that absurd and mischievons meeting (so called Protestant) in Dublin, whereat Lord Roden presided, and at which Lord Winchilsea spoke. This letter is, on the face of it, but introduc- to y to a series. It abuses the Orangemen,—predicts the murder of innocent Catholics as a necessary conse- quence of the language ascribed at the above meeting to Messrs. Beresford, &c.;,—inculcatcs on the Catho- lic multitude the utmost possible animosity towards their "Orange oppressors," and just so much practi- cal resistance and vengeance as can be indulged without the risk of hanging,—deprecates "prædial" offences as most injurious to the cause "of the peo- ple,"—recommends the establishment of "liberal clubs" throughout the counties for the promotion of certain political objects which are enumerated, and among which are specified the extinction of tithes,— the return to Parliament of "friends to Ireland"— i.e. nominees of Mr. O'Connell,—and, finally, the restoration of a domestic Legislature, otherwise a le- gislature to which the learned gentleman himself might dictate laws. Such is the outline, the tangible and distinct out- line, of the letter to "'the people of Ireland." But there are one or two characteristics of it—common indeed to it with all Mr. O'Connell's writings—which call for a brief remark : first, the tacit assumption that all Protestants are Orangemen,—that Protestant rule is despotic rule,—that "British domination" is, as Mr. Hume alledged in the case of Canada, "a baneful domination to the people of Ireland,"—and that the "people of Ireland" are all comprised in the apostles of agitation arid their followers. These facts are worth attending to, whenever we have to reason upon the state of Irish parties, and the principles of Goverment as applicable to them. Mr. O'Connell, in adverting to adverting to the Orange faction, insists that all the woes and sufferings of Ireland, "are traceable to it alone—that there never was a faction so stained with crime, or so steeped in human blood." This is not quite true. Since the first invasion of Ireland by Henry II., as before it, whether native or Englishman was the Governor, Ireland was always ruled by force. But the wicked murders and vile and treacherous atrocities of which the Irish records are full were displayed with far more revolting frequency and fury under the indigenous savages who called themselves Kings of Ireland, or of its several districts, than ever they have been since the English power prevailed. In- ternal peace could never be relied upon for an hour, and was unredeemed by one usage or sentiment of mercy towards the vanquished. It was not a single fraction or tribe, but every tribe and every fraction of Irish. From the first light that dawned upon English domination until the present hour, though there may have been ever more or less of bloodguiltiness, yet it has been as almost nothing in the scale when weighed against the deadly atrocities of independent indige- nous Irish rule. It was not afterwards, the English Protestant only, but the Irish Catholic, who became steeped in crimes and blood. The existence of Eng- land was always for the last five centuries as it now is—bound up with the subjection of Ireland to the British Crown, and the prevention of any foreign sovereignty over it. There were then but two modes of maintaining that dominion. 1st. Through the na- tural authorities and influences of the country itself, including (after the Reformation) those of the Po- pish priesthood—an instrument which was (unhap- pily, but perhaps unavoidably, under the spirit of those times) rejected—inasmuch as the British Go- vernment, which transferred their property, declared war against the persons of the clergy, and against the temporal existence of their church. 2nd. By mili- tary force, which as an evil genius, whether of a blind choice, or an over-ruling necessity, com- manded, became thenceforth the expedient of the subjugating power—disguised at first under a sepa- rate, afterwards under an incorporated Parliament, and employing for its agent or auxiliary whatever Protestant strength could be found throughout the country. This has been the real history of English dominion over Ireland during 2 centuries and a half ; and however we may have cheated ourselves, for the other party has not been imposed upon by names, it yet stands an unsolved problem, how to change the principle of the lrish Government, with- out a total sacrifice of Ireland as part of the British Empire. Mr. O'Conniell, assumes that he has solved the question in a way of his own. He takes for granted, in words at least, that England cannot govern Ireland according to Irish interests—in other words, that the interests of the two islands are incompatible ; for twist his proposed repeal of the Union how you will, it comes to this, and this only—that there are im- portant questions upon which the two Parliaments would form opposite decisions, and vote in each other's teeth ; if not cui bone the repeal ! So let this likewise be kept in mind when we touch, as we shall do, slightly, on the learned gentleman's letters to Lord Duncannon. Further, the learned agitator advises, that "above all things, and before all things, Repeal is not to be made a sectarian question ;" meaning thereby a ques- tion on which Protestants and Catholics are permit- ted to feel that they have opposing interests. Why, what extreme impudence is this, or what wretched trifling ! It is just tantamount to telling the Pro- testants of Ireland, "We Catholic priests and agita- tors know well enough that we have no means of do- mineering over you. Protestants, and you large pro- prietors of estates, except by throwing off the autho- rity of the United Parliament, and getting the whole game of legislattion into our hands ; we therefore en- treat that you Protestant inhabitants of Ireland will have the good nature to blindfold yourselves,— that you w.ill have the extreme liberality not to see how deep a stake you have in this question, and how nearly it concerns you, if you value your own exis- tence, to oppose this our Repeal-plot with all your power. That is what the learned Jesuit really sig- nifies by not letting his proiect be held up as a "sec- tarian question." He needs no ghost to satisfy him, that it ts intrinsically, and in its essence, a sectarian measure ; but he will on no account confess that it is one to the sect which would be destroyed by its ac- complishment. Every man of reflection sees at once that the fierce and unlettered Catholic multitude, led by its priests, and their momentary confederates the agitators, would rule Ireland despotically from the hour in which the sway of the British Parliament was with- drawn ; and that not man's life, or liberty, or pro- perty, not even O'Connell's, after the first fortnight (though he does not think so) would be worth a shilling. But now we come to the epistle to Lord Duncannon, wherein Mr. O'Connell appeals with so much unc- tion to "common sense," as that great standard by which all men and things should be appreciated. We shall probably find occasion ourselves to join issue with the learned gentleman before the same tri- bunal ; confining ourselves, however, to a single to- pic, and to one definite view of the subject on which he treats. This Mentor, therefore, of the Home Secretary of State, who condescends to identify the politics of His Majesty's present Cabinet with, his own, has made it a prime condition and characteristic of his con- currence with, the said Cabinet, that it should ap- point its functionaries, and in virtue of the same principle frame its measures, in a spirit calculated to favour the repeal of the union between these islands—that it (the King's Government)should carry on his Majesty's service, with a view, so the dissolu- tion of the British empire, and to the fulfilment of that purpose which, Lord Althorp, a leading member of the Cabinet, announced to Parliament and the country that he would go war to defeat. 'We are aware that there is nothing sheep-faced about Mr. O'Connell, and (notwithstanding the feeler in the Globe) that neither Lord Duncannon nor Lord Melbourne could have been consulted by the learned gentleman, or left any choice as to the "free and easy" step which he has thus taken in thus boasting of a political kindred, nay a decided partnership with them in their plan for the government of Ireland. We are not therefore authorized to do more, nor would the country require to do more than that the noble Lord with whom Mr. O'Connell has presumed so far, should, in conformity with the manliness as well as discretion which is generally ascribed both to his noble colleague and himself ; take some fit oppor- tunity of disowning the impeachment cast upon them by this artful and dangerous demagogue, and of assu- ring the well- disposed portion of their Irish fellow- subjects—Catholic as well as Protestant, including the bulk of men of property among both—that there is no communion of principle or feeling between those whose first duty is to preserve the State, and him the tendency of all whose efforts is is disturb and undermine it. Had Mr. O'Connell not meant mischief towards Lord Melbourne's Go- vernment, he never could have so beslobbered it with hypothetical and treacherous adulation. If we thought the Premier would either obey O'Connell's spur, or submit to be reined in with Lord Brougham's curb, we should have no doubt what fate was in store for him ; but we have no reason to doubt that Lord Melbourne will find a way to spill both of the old agitator and the new "Conservative"—O'Connell and the Chancellor. We are aware that we have expended upon these letters more space than any notice of them deserve to fill ; for they are (to omit all other objections) utterly unworthy of the tact and talent of Mr. O'Connell, whom it would be difficult to excuse for wrting so ill, and to so little purpose, while he has abundant leisure for the accomplishment of good and substan- tial results.—Times. 13th September, It is the intention of the inhabitants of Truro to erect a monument in that town to the memory of Mr. Richard Lander who met his death in Africa. The Landers were natives of Truro. JUVENILE SANG FROID.—A few years ago a young Englishman, (seventeen years of age,) left Madrid in the diligence for Yrun. About seven leagues from Madrid, at two o'clock in the morning, the diligence was stopped by a band of robbers, who ordered the whole of the passengers to alight forth- with, and then bound them with cords. The banditti immediately lighted a number of torches, and proceed- ed to ransack the vehicle. The young Englishman having a great passion for drawing, and conceiving it to be a picturesque scene, managed to slip the cords from his hands, took out his sketch book, and began very coolly to commit it to paper. The robbers were so struck with the extraordinary enthusiasm of the young man, that they permitted him to continue his sketch, and left his property untouched, althoughs they took possession of the smallest articles from every other passenger. The Danish Secretary of Legation at Madrid, who was one of the party, was stripped to his shirt : his elegant travelling cap was exchanged for an old Castillian Montero. He had a ring on his finger which though intrinsically of little value, he much prized ; and by way of preserving it, told one of the robbers that it had been so many years on his fin- ger, that it was impossible to get it off. "Tenemos cuchillos" "we have knives," said the ruffian, very coolly. Upon this information the finger instinctively shrunk, and the ring was immediately delivered. DEATH OF WILLIAM BLACKWOOD.—We have to announce the death of this distinguished publisher and excellent man, which took place at his house, No. 3, Ainslie Place. Mr. Blackwood had been confined almost entirely to bed for the last four months, from the progress of a tumour of a most malignant nature, and which proved beyond the reach of either medical or surgical skill. As the projector of the periodical which bears his name, Mr. Blackwood may well be considered as a'distinguished public character, under whose auspices the fame of Scottish genius has been carried to the remotest corners of the earth. MODE OF PRODUCING FIRE.—The usual way of producing fire in the East is not by striking one piece of flint against another, or by using flint and steel, as with us ; the Orientals rub together two pieces of wood, one of which is commonly of the tree called markh, and the other of that called afar, and they always succeed, even although the wood be green and wet, in obtaining fire. 