Religious Intelligence. THE YEARLY MEETING'S EPISTLE OF THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. T'he Epistle from the Yearly Meeting, held in London, by adjournments, from the 20th of the Fifth Month, to the 30th of the same, inclusive, 1835. To THE QUARTERLY AND MONTHLY MEETINGS OF FRIENDS, IN GREAT BRITAIN, IRELAND, AND ELSE- WHERE, DEAR FRIENDS—We consider it to be a cause for humble thankfulness that we have been again per- mitted to assemble as a religious body, and to conduct the concerns of the Society in brotherly love. In the flowing of this love we again address you, and ten- derly salute you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Epistles have been received, as in former years, from our friends in Ireland and North America, which have been very acceptable to this meeting; and we have felt satisfaction in maintaining a friendly intercourse with our beloved distant brethren. The sense which we have now been permitted to enjoy of the overshadowing wing of divine goodness, has afforded a renewed evidence that we are, as a church, built on that foundation than which no other can be laid, which is Jesus Christ. Our forefathers in the truth were, as we believe, remarkably visited with the dayspring from on high; and under the fresh and powerful influences of the Holy Ghost, were enabled to proclaim among men, the purity and spirituality of the gospel of our Re- deemer. They professed to be instructed in no new truths; they had nothing to add to the faith once delivered to the saints; they cordially acknowledged the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures; they were deeply versed in the contents of the sacred Volume; and they openly confessed that whatsoever doctrine or practice is contrary to its declarations must be "ac- counted and reckoned a delusion of the devil." But it was evidently their especial duty, in the Christian church, to call away their fellow-men from a depen- dance upon outward forms, to invite their attention to the witness for God in their own bosoms, and to set- forth the immediate and perceptible operations of the Holy Spirit. It was given them to testify that this divine influence was to be experienced not only in connexion with the outward means of religious instruction, but in the striving of the Spirit with a dark and unregenerate world; and in those gracious visitations to the mind of man, which are independent of every external cir cumstance. Nothing could be more clear than the testimoniy which they bore to the eternal divinity of the Son of God, to his coming in the flesh, and to his propitiatory offering, on the cross, for the sins of the whole world; and they rejoiced in the benefits of the Christian reve- lation, by which these precious truths are made known to mankind. They went forth to preach the gospel, under a firm conviction that in consequence of this one sacrifice for sin, all men are placed in a capacity of salvation. And they called on their hearers to mind the light of the Spirit of Christ, that they might be thereby convinced of their transgres- sions, and led to a living faith in that precious blood through which alone we can receive the for- giveness of our sins, and be made partakers of the blessed hope of life everlasting. We wish to assure our dear friends every where, that we still retain the same unalterable principles, and desire to be enabled, under every variety of circumstance, steadily to uphold them. While we are anxious that all our members should exercise a daily diligence in the perusal of the sacred Volume, we would earnestly invite them to wait and pray for that divine immediate teaching, which can alone effectually illuminate its pages, and unfold their contents to the eye of the soul. "For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God." As this is our humble endeavour, the various features of divine truth will be gradually unfolded to the seeking mind. We beseech you, dear friends, carefully to avoid all partial and exclusive views of religion for these have ever been found to be the nurse of error. The truth as it is in Jesus forms a perfect whole, its parts are not to be contrasted, much less opposed to each other. They all consist in beautiful harmony; they must be gradually accepted in their true completeness, and applied with all diligence to their practical purpose. That purpose is the renovation of our fallen nature, and the salvation of our never-dying souls. How precious is it to remember that in the prose- cution of this great object, the humble Christian is strengthened, by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost for his race of righteousness, and is furnished with an infallible inward guide to true holiness. The pride of his heart is broken down by a power beyond his own; his dispdsitions are rectified; and now he can listen to that still small voice of Israel's Shepherd, in the soul,' which guides to the practise of every vir- tue. We beseech you, dear friends, not to rest satis- fled with a mere notion of this blessed doctrine, but to apply it, with all .watchfulness and diligence, to your daily life and conversation. Thus alone can we escape from the spirit of the world, with all its cove- tousness arid vanity, maintain the true simplicity and integrity of the Christian character, and finally perfect "in the fear of God." The destraints made on our members during the last year for tithes and other. ecclesiastical demands, amount to upwards of twelve thousand eight hundred pounds; and one Friend is now suffering 'imprison- ment in the jail at Carlow in Ireland, in consequence of his conscientious refusal to pay tithes. In communicating this information, we wish to remind you, that one important result of the imme- diate influence of the Spirit, is the distribution of gifts in the church for the edification of the body. The testimony which, as a society, we have long borne to the freedom and spirituality of the Christian ministry is, we trust, increasingly understood in the world, and never was the stedfast maintenance of it more neces- sary than at present. Let us never forget that there can be no right appointment to the sacred office, ex- cept by the call of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor any true qualification for the exercise of the gift, except by the direct and renewed influences of the Holy Spirit. Let us not fail to bear in mind that these influences are not at our command, and that unless they are distinctly bestowed for the purpose, no offer ings, either in preaching or prayer, can ever be rightly made in our assemblies for divine worship. We entreat our dear friends not to be weary or ashamed of their public silent waiting upon God. It is a noble testimony to the spirituality of true worship \--to our sense of the weakness and ignorance of man, and of the goodness and power of the Almighty. May our dependence, on these occasions, be placed on that gracious Saviour, who promised to be with his disci- ples when gathered together in his name. May we be found reverently sitting at his feet; and in the, silence of all flesh, may we yet know Him, to teach us, who teacheth as never man taught. In order to experience this great blessing, it is absolutely neces- sary that we should guard against a careless and in- dolent state of mind, and should maintain that patient and diligent exercise of soul before the Lord, without which our meetings cannot be held in the life and power of Truth. We would remind our young friends who have received a guarded and religious education amongst us, that they can never be living members of the church of Christ, without baptism. And what is the baptism which can thus unite them in fellowship with the body? "not the putting away of the filth of the flesh," or the performance of any external rite ; \--it is "the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost." Never forget, we beseech you, that vain will be the advantages which you have de- rived from the teaching of your fellow men, unless you are truly born of the Spirit, and become new crea- tures in Christ Jesus. While we confess our continued conviction that all the ceremonies of the Jewish law were fulfilled and finished by the death of Christ, and that no shadows, in the worship of God, were instituted by our Lord, or have any place in the Christian dispensation, we feel an earnest desire that we may all be partakers of the true supper of the Lord. Let us ever hold in solemn and thankful remembrance, the one great sa- crifice for sin. Let us seek for that living faith, by which we may be enabled to eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood. For, said our blessed Lord, " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, ye have no life in you." Thus will our souls be replenished and satisfied, and our strength renewed in the Lord. We are solicitous that' friends, every where, may be encouraged to cultivate a greater depth of reli- gious experience; ,that they may avoid all evil sur- misings, all party spirit, all unholy zeal; that they may be clothed in the meekness and gentleness of Christ, and be abundantly endued with that precious charity which is the bond of perfectness. The unity which, as a society, we have long en- joyed, is indeed attended, with many advantages, both civil and religious. It is a means of strength, and a source of much happiness; and we would exhort all our members to watch unto prayer, that they may be enabled, by the grace of our Holy Head, to pre- serve it inviolate. May " the God of all grace who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered awhile, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. To him be glory and domi- nion for ever and ever. Amen.!' Signed, in and on behalf of the Meeting, by SAMUEL TUKE, Clerk to the Meeting this Year. The gamester, if he die a martyr to his profession, is doubly ruined. He adds his soul to every other loss, and by the act of suicide, renounces earth, to forfeit heaven. Mental pleasures never cloy; unlike those of the body, they are increased by repetition, approved of by reflection, and strengthened by enjoyment. 