Correspondence. We think it our duty to re-publish the following letter, which appeared in the last Tasmanian, as well as the an swer, both will be found worthy of some attention:— To the Editor of the ;True Colonist.; 'Sir, — How ever appparehti to: the Public it may be that every defamatory statement which appears in your Journal, however baneful, carries with : it i itsown antidote, and requires not *the trouble of refutation, yet your attack on the "Roman Catholip Committee" is* pro bably an exception. It is possible that . ybu.didinot. intend' yourself personally to insult that body, but you are' the mouth-piece of a miserable and defeated party, who have endeavoured in vain to .perpetrate the degradation of the whole Roman Catholic Community of Van Diemen's Land. : Your first accu sation against the Committee is, 'poverty;' and certainly one would have thought you would have avoided, (if you possibly could), to have made such a charge against them.' Jtiut even uere.you ran. Permit me to tell you, that of thatmalign ed, and insulted Committee, three indi viduals alone possess collectively, wealth to the amount of at least £20,000, in spite of your anti- prosperity mania. These three are Messrs. O'Sulivan, Reichenberg, and M'Carthy. The other members are not, perhaps, so opulent; but I have never heard of outstanding claims upon them, or that they have rer ceived any pecuniary obligations from your Reverend friend, out of that fund. I need not stale, your assertions as res pects the Roman Catholic Place of Worship, partake of your usual inaccur racy, and as to that of Mr. Connolly, I will not refer to the affidavit made by him in Mr Talboit's case with Mr. Ker- mode and Dr.Hood, nor his never-to-be- forgotten invocation of the ghost of M'Shane, nor to the celebrated affidavit respecting Mr. O'Connor and Mr.Gel librand, I want merely to draw your attention to the Rev. Gentleman's oath in Decembejr, in defence of his man Mara, who was accused of violence to a female of his flock, when he swore that the place you call our Catholic Chapel was his own property ; therefore we are not in the least degree culpable for the disgusting state of that edifice. It will perhaps, surprise you, that we are not inclined to follow your suggestion as respects Costello. We have never theless ordered, not apiece of tin, but a piece of silver, and of no inconsiderable value too, and to which you will yourself have the satisfaction of liberally contri buting, as the insulted members of our Congregation are to hand to the Commit tee the annual subscription hitherto paid to the True Colonist, not because they approved of it in any particular ; but from very different motives, which, however, now that it permits itself to be the open vehicle of insult to their religion, they cannot longer permit themselves to be influenced by. You need not have in formed the Catholics, that you were opposed to their worship, for it is evident that in your faith there can be no such commandment as this, 'Thou- shall not bear false witness against thy neighbour.' I shall now only take the liberty of ad ding, that the Committee you have so maligned, never interfered with the affairs of any other Congregation, and, your attack upon them must therefore appear the more uncalled for and unpro voked. A Catholic 