(From " Hood's Comic Annual," 1834*) ' Do you really believe, Dr. Johnson,' said a Litchfield lady, ' in the dead walking after death?' ' Madam,' said Johnson, 'I have no doubt on the subject; I have heard the Dead March in Saul.' ' You really believe then, Doctor, in ghosts ? ' Madam,' said Johnson, " I think appearances are in their favor.' The doctor was notoriously very superstitious. The same lady once asked him ' if ever he felt any presentment at a winding sheet in the candle ?' 'Madam,' said Johnson, ' if a mould candle it doubtless indicates death, and that somebody will go out like a snuff; but whether at Hampton Wick or in Greece must depend upon the graves.' The Doctor and Boswell once lost themselves in the Isle of Muck, and the latter said they must ' spier their way at the first body they met.' ' Sir,' said Johnson, ' you're a scoundrel--you my spear any body you like, but I am not going to run a Muck or tilt at all I meet.' ' What do you think of whiskey, Doctor John- son ?' hickuped Boswell, after emptying a sixth toddy. ' Sir,' said the Doctor, ' it penetrates my very soul like 'the small-still voice of conscience,' and doubtless the worm of the still is the worm that never dies.' Boswell afterwards inquired the Doctor's opinion of illicit distillation, and how the great moralist would act in an affray between the smugglers and excise. ' If I went by the letter of the law, I should assist the customs, but according to the spirit I should stand by the contrabands.' East India Company is the worst of all company. A lady fresh from Calcutta once endeavoured to curry Johnson's favor by talking of nothing but howdahs, doolies, and bungalows, till the Doctor took, as usual, to tiffin. 'Madam,' said he, in a tone that would have scared a tiger out of a jungle, 'India's very well for a rubber or for a bandana, or for a cake of ink ; but what with its Bhurtpore, Pahlam- pore, Barrackpore, Hyderapore, Singapore, and Nagpore, its Hyderbad, Astrabad, Bundlebad, Sind- bad, and Guzzaratbadbad, it's a poor and bad coun- try altogether.' Caleb Whitefoord, a famous punster, once in- quired seriously of Doctor Johnson whether he really considered that a man ought to be transport- ed, like Barrington the pick-pocket, for being guilty of a double meaning? 'Sir,' said Johnson, 'if a man means well, the more he means the better.' 