THE DEATH SHIP. (From the London United Service Journal.) One morning in the month of August 182- His Majesty's brig R——— was becalmed in the narrow strait that divides the beau- tiful Isle of Scio from the main land of Asia ; being pretty near the shore, I went up into the maintop, whence the island presented one unbroken line of verdure, from the shingly beach to the summit of the vineclad hills that stretch from end to end. Ravage and destruction had, howe- ver, done its work here during the prece- ding year. From my station in the top, I had a bird's-eye view of the town ; but such a picture of desolation I never before witnessed. The batteries, that had once been pretty strong, were nearly in ruins. The procrastinating disposition of the Turks prevented their adopting any measures of defence against the yet ill-equipped and ill- manned squadrons of Greece. The red flag, in the midst of which shone the crescent, waved over the ruins, and the peaks of two or three small armed Turkish vessels that lay in the bay. Not a human being was visible, and the town for the most part ap- peared uninhabited, if it might be judged of by the demolished houses and grass- grown streets that met the eye in every di- rection. The hills rose with a gradual as- cent behind the ruined city, which con- trasted sadly with the luxuriant appear- ance. It was a delightful morning,—the sun had had just risen, and shone forth with all the brilliancy of an eastern clime,—the azure sky was reflected from the dear and placid water, unmoved by the smallest ripple. While gazing on the lovely scene before me, I insensibly fell into a train of reflec- tion, heedless of the twitches of a hungry stomach, that appealed at intervals for breakfast. We were cruizing on classic ground. Every port we touched at on this delightful station was replete with interest; we had visited Malta, and calypso's Isles, " the Sister tenants of the middle deep,"— and bathed in St. Paul's bay, the spot, as legends tell, where the eminent apostle was shipwrecked ; we had had Patmos under our lee ; but this isolated rock still bore the palm of greatest attraction. Here the be- loved of our Saviour wrote the prophetic book of the Revelations. The City before me, now in ruins, was one of those claiming the honor of being the birth place of the prince of poets.—While ruminating on these events, my attention, was arrested by the appearance of a sail of peculiar and strange character, at the entrance of the strait. She had just rounded a small point of land, and seemed to be a fore-and-aft rig- ged vessel of small size, but under no com- mand : her boom jibed every roll she took with the gentle swell,— her gaff hung down as if the peak haulyards had been cut, and her fore trysail sheet was evidently adrift by the flapping of the canvass. " Webb," cried I, addressing the man at the mast head, " do you see the schooner rigged craft outside there, she seems to be adrift somehow or other ?" " Where ? Oh, aye, I sees her now, she's a quare looking gigmaree sort of a thing ;" and the next moment he hailed the deck to report her. The attention of the entire deck was now attracted towards the strange vessel,— the officers reconnoitered her with the glasses,— the Jacks had to employ their own eyes, but this did not prevent them from passing their various opinions on what she was likely to prove. Descending from aloft, I joined the latter, and listened to the following dialogue of those unsophisti- cated sons of the sea. " I'll tell you what it is, my mates," said an old forecastle man of the name of Benton, " I think as how as that 'ere craft has been robbed by pirates ; and I'm blest if we shouldn't root them out as clean's a leek. " I'll bet any man a week's grog to a tot that all her crew's been made to walk the plank." " For my part," said a foretopman, " I likes to have nothing to do with 'em— it's always sure to be boat work, and that's the mischief for knocking a poor fellow up, you know that. Why we was arter, and took a polacre rigged craft once when I was in the Seringapatam ; and after chasing her a whole day, we lost eight as brave fellows as ever stepped a ship's deek, in boarding the cut-throat rascals ; hang me if I wouldn't sooner be in action a whole watch, yard-arm and yawl-arm, with a slashing frigate, than be on a wild goose chase for a day or two in an open boat, on what is but at the best a thief-taking job. 'Sides, where's the honour a fellow gets if even he does take 'em—what are they but a parcel of thieves ? It's enough to make a fellow that has sarved with Nelson and Collingwood quit the service altogether ; what do you think, old Joe ?" "Just the 'dentical thing bo,'' said Joe Benton ; "If they had seed the old Vic- tory alongside the Santis'mæ Trinidada, the 21st October, they might ha' talked about honour and sich like ; but" added Joe, with a significant shake of the head, " the Navy ain't the same now as when you and I were shipmates last ; they've got the pa- tent f[...]s, patent capsterns, patent locks to big guns, and tuck me if we wont soon have patent Captains !" The strange vessel was about two miles distant, and still rolled as if not under command ; a boat, which I accompanied, was therefore despatched to overhaul her. The beauty of the morning, and calmness of the sea, enlivened by the dash of the oars, had an exhilarating effect : but all eyes were suspiciously directed to the schooner. Joe Benton showed any thing but satisfaction ; he sat with the tiller in his hand, growling something about ghost hunting expeditions ; and after fidgeting about on his seat some time, he said to the midshipman, " I'll tell you what it is, Mr. Murphy, " somehow or other I dosen't like to go on board of her at all at all." " Why not, Benton ?— what's your rea- son ?" " All, Sir, listen, Sir, many's the quare things I've heard of them craft as goee cruizing without ever a hand on boards they go about just waiting, Sir, to allud ; poor Jacks. Did you never hear of the flying Dutchman, or Dan Dowls double ? 'kase they're as true as the sun is shining on the water, Sir." " I've certainly heard of the flying Dutchman, and I've seen some pretty rough bits of breezes on the Cape station," said the Middy ; but as for seeing old tough breeches, I must say I never had the pleasure ; and as for Dan Dow, I never heard of him in my life." " Och sowl, Mister Murphy, an' its high time you heard of it ; it was the most miracoulousest thing as ever you heard of before ; sure you've seed the old Diadem hulk bying in Hamoaze, just off the range of North Corner ? Well, Dan Dow has been bos'n of her a long time ; and now him, and Sam Stud the gunner, and old Rosewood the car- penter, were kept in ordinary on hoard of her, with the whole range of the hulk's deck to wollop about in, that.as if they could, for two was lame, and Sam the gunner was a smarter, active old chap than the other two, and did all the active duty, you know, such as going ashore for provisions with the boy in their boat, and hauling her up astern after coming on board. But Dan Dow was blind of an eye, d'ye see, Sir, and he'd got a reef taken in his starboard leg, on account of a splinter as was knocked off it at Copenhagen Roads, and he'd got a kink in his neck by something of the same kind, and a handle to his face for all the world like a salamander.* There he would hop about the spacious deck of the old Diadem, and into every deserted cabin and store room in her ; and when he got groggy, he'd get down to the horlop deck, and never budge a step till he was sober. One night Dan, as usual, was down there, and not a soul on board but Rosewood the carpenter, 'kase Sam Stud and the boy was ashore, and he's rather dry, so he wakes, you know, and who does he see standing over him with a lantern, but— Oh, J— — i Mary ! holy Paul ! who's yon looking over the bulwark ? — now only look, Sir ! —if yon ben't the devil, I'm blest !" We turned our heads to see the devil that had interrupted old Joe's story. I looked, but saw no- thing, till after a minute or two, when a large black Newfoundland dog popped his head and two fore paws over the gangway netting. The superstition of sailors is proverbial, and it is well known that a black dog holds a very prominent part of their yarns and twisters, as an agent of Beelzebub ; and this occurence happening at the time, together with the deserted appearance of the vessel, had such an effect on the feelings of most of the boat's crew, that they actually refused to pull a stroke, till threatened by Mr. Murphy with being reported to the Captain, they reluctantly commenc- ed again and with many a suspicious glance back- ward, pulled towards the schooner. We were now within a short distance of the stranger, when Joe, who fidgetted about on the taffrail of the boat, said, " I'm blest, Mr. Murphy, if I likes to have ought to do with them ere kind o,craft — she's not lucky— she's clinker built." " I'll tell you what it is, Sir, Mr. Murphy," said one Bill Dennis, an Irishman, " is it you that's a county Cork man, and doesn't know the natharal consequensh of going on board of a vessel com- manded by the dhevil? Och, musha gruh !, I al- ways thought an Irishman was careful of his honor ; and bless my sowl, Sir, where's the honor in having a set to wid such an old soot-hag, when its may be you wont get a good malavadering, and be bheat black and blue, and as many colors as the rainbow, and never see the fist as does it." " Hold your jaw, Dennis, or I'll hit yon a clip with the tiller," said the Middy, in a tone that silenced further discussion. So forward we went, rather reluctantly, to be sure, when the man next the bow-oar, on looking round with a suspicious glance, caught a crab,† and he was thrown hack on the thwart bellowing like a bull ; he was soon relieved, and giving the bout a sheer alongside, it was " In bow, and hook on by the main chains." "Follow me," said Mr. Murphy to Benton and some others, " and let's see who is in her." If old Joe had got a pistol snapped in his teeth, he would not have been more chop-fallen than at this salutation ; for although a brave old fellow in every other respect, he had the heart of a chicken when he thought he had to deal with any thing su- pernatural. " Can't you come along, Benton," said Mr. Murphy, laughing, " what are you afraid of, man !" This made Joe start, and drawing a pistol from his belt, he followed up the side, saying, " Oh, I wish I was in the old Macedonian again, and out of this infernal ghost hunting hooker !" A solemn silence, was preserved during the few minutes occupied in ascending the side, and we found ourselves standing on the gang-way, gazing about us at one another, awe struck by the death- like stillness that reigned throughout the vessel ;— even the black dog had disappeared, which made Benton 10 degrees worse than he was before ; all the quarter-deck was strewed with canvass and straw, as if a number of bales had been unpacked, and here and there were marks of bare feet of a dark colour. ''It's blood !" exclaimed Joe, as he started back, after examining it, and casting a long look to our own ship, that was rapidly approaching by the help of her long sweeps,—" the vessel's been boarded by pirates and robbed, and all her crew murdered !" On descending to examine the cabin, we were stopped at the foot of the ladder by a bale of silk that had been ransacked : this we hauled from the door, and Mr. Murphy knocking, waited to listen if any one would speak, but not a sound was heard save the creaking of bulk-heads, and the clattering of the blocks overhead ; it was at length determined to force open the door. This done, such a scene of horror presented itself as I shall never forget, and is still before my mind's eye as at that moment. Round the table in the cabin sat bound every one to a chair the bodies of nine men and two women ; in such a mangled state that I turned dizzy and ran gasping on deck, my head'spun rouud, and a heavy \------------------------------------------------------------------ * Joe does not here mean that animal the Yan- kee fished for in Africa with burning coals, in a lake of molten lead, but a strong bolt of iron, with a thick bulbous head, which made red hot, is used for firing salutes, or signal guns. † " Catching a crab" technical phrase when a man's oar gets so far beneath the surface of the water that he cannot recover it, and he is conse- quently thrown back by the loom of the oar acting as a lever against his breast. sickness lay on my heart, while my feeble limbs failed to support me, and I sat down on the topmost step of the ladder nearly insensible. Mr. Murphy had entered, but his feet slipping in the gore which literally covered the deck, he fell and his hands rested on the thick clammy blood ! As he rushed past me on the ladder, he presented a most ghastly appearance, with his face, hands, and white trousers deeply dyed with the purple fluid. When he could speak he shuddering said,—" Heavens ! what a scene is here ! I've been in action where dozens lay around me, but never witnessed so sickening a sight as is to be seen in that charnel house !" Another party of the boat's crew with Benton had descended the forescuttle, from whence a loud cry now reached us with the discharge of a pistol, and Webb and Dennis jumped up through the scuttle gaiping for breath. " Oh ! is your throat cut too, Sir ?" said Webb, seeing the state Murphy was in; " there's two or three poor fellows down there with their throats cut from clue to earing." "Aye, and that's a man as ye never drank tea wid," said Dennis, " old Joe has laid down to keep them company ; he's lying there kicking like a Kilkenny cat in convulsions !" " Is he dead, say you, Dennis?" " No, no, Sir, not at all, 'less he's shot himself in place of the ghost, but he's dreadfully frightened, Sir, for, d'ye see, Sir, it was so dark that we could see never nothing at all but blackness, being just come out of the sunbeams ; but Joe says, ' Holy Mary ! if here be'ant a man's leg,' and at that very moment a loud yell so long and melancholious like came out of the corner, and Joe giving one tw[lve?...] times louder, fired his pistol and dropt like a cock, I made to the scuttle again, but my brills could now see three poor fellows 'lying weltering in their crimson blood,' as the song siugs." As soon as we were a little more collected, Mr. Murphy and myself returned to examine the cabin of this devoted vessel more minutely. It was with a beating heart I went down the ladder and entered this floating Golgotha. As I mentioned before, the men were each bound to a chain, and three or four of them had their heads lying back that shared the gashes from whence had issued the stream of life and saturated their clothes with it crimson hue. The two ladies, who seemed to be mother and daughter, the latter beautiful in the extreme, if we might judge from the disfigured remains, were bound back to back on two chairs lashed together, and strangled with a rope that was still about their necks ; this was the most pitiable sight of all ; the old lady's face was cut in several places, and the protruding eyeballs and swollen tongues of both seemed even more hideous than the pallid corpses that surrounded the table. The vessel appeared to have been a French merchant schooner, as we judged by several books in that language that lay scattered around, and must have been attacked in the night by a pirate's crew for the whole of the bodies were only half dressed, those of the two ladies excepted ; they must have coolly bound them to the chairs and placed them in mockery round the table after butchering them. That this dreadful scene had been enacted by some Greek pirates appeared manifest, for in one corner lay a skull-cap richly embrioded and peculiar to that nation, and a yataghan of superior workman- ship lay on the blood-stained deck. We went again on deck, and the boat's recall being hoisted in the brig, as she was now near at hand, we pulled on board in a few minutes. Having reported the situation of the unfortunate vessel, the captain accompanied us back, for the purpose of seeing the bodies decently wrapped in pieces of tlie pack-sheet with which the quarter deck was strewed, and thrown overboard. I do not think, from the state of the bodies, that more than two days could have elapsed since this murderous tragedy had been acted. I loosened the ropes from the necks of the ladies, and unbound them from the chairs, but still they sat : I then saw that the young one's hand firmly grasped that of the elder, so firm, indeed, that some force was required to separate them. The snowy neck of the young lady was marked with the fatal cord, and her long black hair hung down in disorder over her swollen and ghastly countenance. She seemed to be not more than eighteen ; while the other, whom I took to be her mother, could scarcely have reached the age when female beauty is on the wane.— We spread their long hair over their faces, and binding them together in the position they died, with the rope which strangled tham, proceeded to perform the same office for the rest. One of the men was of a noble, commanding figure ; he seemed to be about thirty, fair-haired and Roman nose ; his shirt collar was thrown open, and tied only with a black ribbon, but dyed wiith the same sanguinary hue as the rest. Nothing was left to say who the persons were ; their pockets were turned inside out ; every locker and drawer, as well as the hold, had been broken open, and every thing of value carried off. I looked at the books, but could not discover either name or writ- ing by which we might form a conjecture respect- ing the vessel, or to what port she belonged. At length the disgusting job was finished. Hav- ing hound them in pairs and rolled them up in the canvass, we carried them on deck and slipped them over the gangway. When all was over, the Cap- tain prepared to get into the boat with his steward, and calling Mr. Murphy, directed him to take the vessel to Malta, retaining the boat's crew on board ; and promising to send provisions on board, he shoved off with two hands only in the boat. We now turned too, to splice the gear, and wash decks—this was done in a couple of hours ; a cask of beef, one of pork, a small breaker of rum, and two bags of bread, with a small cask of vinegar, having come on board, we in part washed out the cabin, and with the vinegar rinsed it so as to give it a fresh smell ; and the schooner was under sail and already leaving the brig far astern ere we re- collected that old Joe must still be keeping compa- ny with some dead bodies in the forecastle ;—and there, sure enough, we found him laying on his face in fits, and it was not till after a smart shaking that he recovered and got on deck, when, seeing the vessel with a fine breeze leaving the brig astern, he was like to run destracted at the thoughts of running to Malta on board this craft. "O, Lord ! O, Lord ! " he cried, " what shall we do ? what shall we do ?" " Drink grog, to be sure !" said. Dennis, handing Joe a potful of brandy, a small keg of which we had found in the forecastle. Joe took a long deep and heavy draught, and became partially resigned to his fate, though he declared the devil was still in the craft, and that he only waited his opportunity to come out and cut all our throats as he had done to the others, and he'd be blest if he shut a pan till he was sartin he was out of her. This was soon after settled by the appearance of the black dog, who limping and wagging his tail, was forced from his retreat by hunger. Joe was now satisfied that it was not the devil, for he had wounded him in the shoulder when he fired his pistol, and the ball stuck in the poor animal's flesh. Mr. Murphy ex- tracted it, and the dog gratefully licked our hand, and tried by every means in his power to show its gratitude. The only clue that could he found to the schooner was on the leathern collar on the dog's neck. On a brass plate was engraved, " M. d'Alembert, Cherbourg," We arrived at Malta in four days, and soon joined our own ship again ; but I never heard any more of the vessel : the black dog, how- ever, still followed us, and became a great favorite in the R——— ; we named him " Cherbourg," af- ter what we supposed to be his native place, and the brig set off again up the straits on a cruise. ——— 