Literature and Science. REVIEW. The Ceremony of Blessing and Laying the Founda- tion Stone of a New Church. Translated from the Pontifical: with A Preliminary Instruction. By the Rev. W. B. ULLATHORNE, V. G. We inserted the Rev. Mr. Ullathorne's Prelimi- nary Instruction in a former number, and we intimated our intention at the time to make a few remarks on the Pamphlet, of which it forms a part, at a more convenient season. The Pamphlet commences with a singularly happy idea. " Ceremonies," says Mr. Ullathorne, " are the religion of the body," meaning, of course, the Roman Catholic body. We shall be told, indeed, that this is not Mr. Ullathorne's meaning, and that he simply means that " cere- monies are the religion of that part of the com- pound nature of man called the body." If so, it is the first time we ever heard of the body's having a religion at all. " God is a Spirit," says a greater than Mr. Ullathorne, " and they who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth " for "' bodily exercise" says the Apostle Paul, "profiteth little." Religion is entirely an affair of the understanding and the heart, and such ceremonies as Mr. U. recommends to us in this Pamphlet are, in our opinion, the most effectual means of stopping up the avenues to both. " They are the body of religion," says Mr. U. " and manifest the presence of its soul, as the humanity of our Lord manifested the pre- sence of his divinity." Nay, Mr. U., if they are the body of religion, they are its dead body only, at which we have only to gaze for one moment to be satisfied that its heaven-sprung, heaven tending, and immortal, spirit, has utterly fled." There were people so e arly as the days of the prophet Isaiah who held exactly the same doc- trine in this particular as the Rev. Mr. Ulla- thorne, viz., that " ceremonies were the body of religion and necessarily manifested the presence of its soul." They were regularly educated and regularly ordained priests who thought so ; and this Mr U., will not deny. But what is the pro- phet divinely commissioned to declare to these misguided men ? Why; just such a-message as the following:-" To what purpose is the multi- tude of your sacrifices unto me ? saith the Lord am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he-goats. Bring no more vain oblations ; incense is an abomination unto me; your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me,' I am weary to bear them. " The body of so religion, as Mr. U. calls it, was here present, but the spirit and the life were gone. We would therefore address Mr. U. and his brethren, in re- gard to the ceremonies of heathenish origin, and A most unscriptural character and tendency, to which they evidently attach so much importance, in the language of Holy Writ, " Why seek ye; the living among the dead ?" After telling us that-" the blessing and laying the first stone of the church belongs, appropri- ately, to the bishop," who in thus superintending the commencement of a place of worship, to be de- dicated perhaps to the Virgin Mary and all the saints, unfortunately uses pretty much the same unscriptural ceremonies and heathenish incanta- tions as were used by the ancient Flamens in laying the foundations of temples to be dedicated to Apollo and all the gods, Mr. U. quotes.the Apostle's language, " Every creature of God is good with a blessing," and explains it by tell ing us that " all those things are blessed which, are set apart and assigned to sacred uses and purposes, being first released by prayer and the power of God, from that vanity and emptiness, of which St. Paul speaks, to which, with man since his fall, every creature is made subject even until now." And this, forsooth, is the miserable meaning distilled in the Romish alembic, from the beautiful language of the Apostle Paul, where in speaking in the spirit of prophecy, of certain professed Christian teachers, who should depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils; forbidding to marry, and com- manding to abstain from meats (as from butchers' meat on Friday and during Lent) which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth, he adds, " Every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving; for it is sanctifled by the word of God and prayer !" - (1 Tim. iv. et seq.) Shutting his eyes as strongly as possible against the plain and obvious meaning of this language, Mr. U. discovers that it was the object of the Apostle to inform us, that there was something positively devilish or satanic in the block of free- stone selected by the worthy- Scotch contractor as the foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic chapel at Parramatta, and that this something could only be exorcised: or con- jured out by the apostolic benediction of Dr. Poulding! And, really, is this what is to be taught the people, either as the body or as the soul of religion, in the 19th century, in. His Majesty's colony of New South Wales? There surely was need for a Reformation of religion, when such miserable theology was passed off upon the peo- ple as the truth of God-that truth which in the fulness of time was revealed by the Son of God for the world's salvation ! And happy are we Protestants- that the light of that glorious. Re- formation still shines amid the darkness, although the darkness comprehendeth is not. We cannot afford either time or space sufficient to follow Mr. U. through the whole ceremony of' blessing and laying the foundation stone. The first act of this Divina Commedia consists in exorcising a quantity of common salt, or in other words, frightening the devil out of it, "that it may become salt exorcised for the protection (sic) of the faithful, and be to all who partake of it health of mind' (sic) and body." This precious ceremony must, it seems, be performed by the bishop, who, in order to leave the devil no chance of mailitaining his position in the salt, repeats one prayer with his mitre on and another with his mitre off. Of course, there is no stand- ing this--especially as the prayers are in Latin, a language which must now be pretty familiar to the evil Spirit's ear--and the devil takes his leave accordingly. The same ceremony is repeated in order to get the evil Spirit dis- lodged from a quantity of common water (no wonder he would like a little water after the salt) taken, we presume, from the Parramatta River, that it may be rendered serviceable " for the expelling of demons, and the driv- ing out of devils, that whatsoever, in the dwellings or other places of the faithful, this water shall sprinlkle, may be found free from all uncleanness, and be delivered from each noxious thing, and that if there be any thing which is en- vious of the well-being or tranquillity of the inhabitants, at the sprinkling of this water it may take its flight." Now, really, this is too bad; for what else could we expect in the shape of incantations fi'om one of thie black fellows Kradgees ? All things, however, being thus duly prepared, the salt and water are forthwith min- gled by the bishop (Horresco referens) " in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the th Hloly Ghost." After some other prayers and ceremonies com- paratively unobjectionable, the Litany of the Saint, we are told, is next sung or said. This consists chiefly of invocations of the saints, both male and female, to pray or intercede for the worship- pers; the catalogue of saints, invoked including not only the apostles, evangelists, and ancient martyrs and confessors, but such comparatively modern and obscure, if not exceptionable, cha- racters, as St. Anthony, St. Bennet, St. Dominic, St. Francis, St. Agatha, St. Lucy, St. Agnes, St. Ceci!y, St. Catharine, St. Anastasia. Now in addressing these departed saints (supposing them all the best possible Christians when alive) in the language of prayer or invocation, we would ask to Mr. Ullathorne and his brethren, whether they have ever seriously considered what they are do- ing. Why, they are taking it for granted, that these departed saints are present to hear them in these uttermost parts of the earth, or in other words, that they are omnipresent. But, omni presence is one of the incommunicable attributes of the Godhead, and cannot be possessed by any creature however exalted; for " God," he tells us himself, " will not give his glory to another, nor his praise to graven images." In addressing the language of invocation, therefore, to these departed` saints, on the occasion of the blessing of the foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic Chapel at Parramatta, Mr. U. and his brethren were actually ascribing to the creature the attributes or glory of the Creator, 'who is. God blessed for ever ! For what warrant of Scripture have they for believing that saints; who died two or three hundred years ago on the continent of Europe. are to be within call on such an emergency, at Parramatta ? As to the female saints invoked in the Litany, if the subject were not too grave for ridicule, and if we were not absolutely certain that there is no warrant, either of reason or of Scripture for be- lieving that any one of them if ever possessed the attribute of omnipresence, whether alive or dead, we would ask Mr. U. and his brethren, by what conveyance they had come to this colony, to be present at the late ceremony at Parramatta-~ whether they had come by a female, convict ship or by one of Mr. Marshall's free emigrant vessels ? Indeed, as some of them, may yet have their bodies lying embalmed in some of the cathedral church's of Italy or Sicily, it is much more pro- bable that they should be looking after their own property there, their own skin and bones, than superintending the blessing of the foundation stone of a Roman Catholic Chapel at Parramatta. But supposing the whole sisterhood to have been present on that interesting occasion, and standing ready to answer to their names when called on, what warrant of Scripture is there for supposing that they, would ether intercede for the worship- pers, or that their intercession, would be at all availing? The only instance of anything like prayers to the saints in Scripture is that of the rich man in hell praying to Abraham in heaven ; but that is surely no example for our imitation. If it were, it would afford us but slight comfort on occasions of emergency. The testimony of, Scipture on this point is plain and explicit. " If any man sin; we have an Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the Righteous." "For as there is one God, so there is but one Mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus." We have sufficient warrant for believing in the omnipre- sence of that great Advocate and Mediator, for "Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world," are his own words to his own disciples. " Wherever two or three are met toge- ther, in my name, there am I in the midst of them." And with this omnipresent Advocate and Mediator in the midst, of our Christian as- semblies, what need have we either of the pre- sence or the services of St. Francis and St. Do- minic? In fact, the whole Popish practice of prayers to the saints has its origin in unbelief or infidelity; for what worshipper, believing that Jesus Christ was actually present with him, of would yet address his prayers to an other than to him who alone heareth and answereth the prayer that issueth from the heart? A HiNT TO COFFEE GROWERS AND DRINERS.- The plant which produces the Mochoa Coffee is the A same as the West Indian ; the only difference isin the or mode of rearing it and the process of cultivation; but th the difference in the quality of the Coffee, I should 'lei think, depends chiefly on the mode of preparing g the produce for market in the West Indies. In Jamaica, when the berries become of a deep red colour, be they are picked from the plant, and as the.industry .h of the negro is estimated by the quantity he picks in a day, a good deal of unripe coffee is geneirally mixed with that which is fully mature. In Arabia, the pro'- n duce is gathered by shaking the ripe berries from the o plant, and then exposing them to the sun with the husks on till they are dried, after which the outer husk is removed, and'they are again dried in the sun; but the husk is not removed till the coffee is required for the market; but in the mean time it is kept in bags on elevated platforms, to allow a free circulation of air to prevent its absorbing moisture and consequently [v heating. The plan in Jamaica is just the oppos:te to this, the husk is removed too early, and the coffee is IN exported too soon. Perhaps the dampness of the it i climate, and the difficulty of drying, arising from the th; suddenness of the fall of rain, may render it necessary na to adopt this mode. But there is another circumstance y on which the inferiority of the West India Coffee may N depend. Dr. Mosely observes, and I believe correctly, rel that " coffee berries are remarkably disposed to imbibe me exhalations from other bodies, and thereby acquire an sta adventitions and disagreeable flavour." The exha- wr lations from rum, sugar, and pimento, with which pro.. an duce Coffee is frequently exported 'from'the West to Indies, cannot fail to be injurious to a substance of whose aroma is so exceedingly delicate as coffee; and co perhaps housekeepers are not sufficiently aware of the la necessity of keeping coffee, in substance as well as in at powder, in vessels closely shut,' and separate from so spices and other domestic stores.-Madden' s Residence th in Jamaica. Hlie that knows himself, knows otheis; and'he that me is ignorant of himself, could not write avery profound pl lecture.on other men's heads.. ' . t 