THE THEATRE;. (Concluded from oar last.") ... X Still u& vKiCLaf And when I ope my lips let no dog hark." His appearance on entering served to foster these expectations, for he certainly looked the character well; ande trod the stage with that sort of step which bespeaks the practised actor; before he had gone through half the forest scene our air- built expectations were overturned, and the sudden revulsion of feeling which followed probably rendered us much less charitably disposed towards the rest of the perform ance. His voice is entirely deficient both in compass and in sweetness — scarcely more pleasant in fact than that of Simes. In the more sententious speeches he is apt to become tiresome and drawling, and in the more passionate ones he is not unfre- quent-ly quite absurd. At the close of the first scene he was heartily hissed, and from that time till the fail of the curtain at the close of the piece, almost every one, and many of the best speeches, were subjected to the same ordeal. We were not a little - surprised at the patience with which lie bore it all. His first great tailing off was in the interview with the Lady Anne, (Miss Winstanley). .The absence of any thing like dignity in the encounter with the attendants on the. general procession was too apparent. This scene is unques tionably one of the most difficult iri ' the whole of the piece, and. had Shakspeare depicted it as Barton perform ed it, we should have felt disposed to ask with him at the close of it, but with a very different feeling — " Was ever woman in this humour woo'd, Was ever woman in this humour won ? The inimitable speech which follows the interview with Lady Anne, was horribly mangled. The tent scene, in which Kean shone so unrivalled, was destroyed in its effect by the mismanagement behind; first by the bungling of the seene-shifters who allowed the scene representing the tent to tumble down, and subsequently by a vil lainous smoke emanating from beneath the stage, which had the effect of causing all the people in the house to cough, and of very nearly suffocating the Gods. Enough, however, was seen to satisfy those, who remembered the electrifying performance of Kean in the same scene. Should any one tell us now that Barton appeared, and appeared with acceptation, in the character of Richard , on any Lon don stage worthy of the naihe, we should feel disposed to exclai m— 41 fan sunli tinners tw>. And overcome us like a summer's cloud, Without our special wonder." j The other characters in the piece ac quired an unnatural prominence from the utter failure of Richard ; even Spencer, as j Richmond , notwithstanding his unnatural gait and gestures, seemed a tolerable per formance. Incomparably the best male character in the piece was the Duke of Buckingham , (Knowles); for though we as .our readers are well aware have a very poor opinion of Knowles' abilities as a Ma nager, we shall never be slow in awarding him the praise we may consider due to him as an actor. King Henry, (Mr. Lane) was as tame a performance as we ever recol lect witnessing. The good old man seem- : ed as devoid of feeling (in Labels hands) as he was devoid of courage in reality- Buckingham murdered Norfolk y — beseems to have some friend' planted up in those eon- genial regions — the second tier, or the gallery, for whose benefit all his remarks i are intended ; in fact, were it not that we ascertain by his replies to whom he is speaking, it would only be a reasonable supposition to imagine, that he considers all beneath the rank of Gods utterly be neath his notice. Simes1 Catesby was pretty tolerable, but he had- the impudence to wear his cap in the presence "of Ma jesty. The Queen, (Mrs. Downes) was tame in the extreme. Mrs., D.1s manner and ex pression are so cold and unimpassioned that she fails completely in the attempt to give effect to the exquisitely touching scenes to which the unfortunate Margaret is exposed. Miss "Winstanly played the part of Lady Anne with much effect. We fancy we perceive a disposition manifested by Miss W. to rid herself of that affecta tion which has hitherto disguised her per formances; and could we but see discarded along with it a kind of smile which she wears continually we should have hopes of seeing her in no lohg period rank as the Prima Donna of the Sydney stage. Mrs. Larra played and looked the character of the Duchess of York infinitely worse than any character we ever before saw her at tempt. We trust his failure in the arduous cha racter of Richard will not have the effect of deterring Mr. Barton from coming for ward in future, in less difficult characters, we have no doubt - but that his success would be considerable. There is evident ly some one wanting to fill up the gap left open by Mackay's departure. It will never do to allow such men as Peat and Simes to tread in Mackay's steps. Human nature will not endure the idea of Simes personating the " fond, despairing lover." The farce of The Devil to Pay was per formed at the Theatre, on Thursday even ing last, for the first time, the bill inform ed us, these three seasons ; but, as is not unfrequently the case at the Sydney The atre, on this occasion it was not The Devil, but the audience that had To Pay for the pleasure of being humbugged. As usual, the whole of the performers (to use a very expressive though not a very elegant quo tation) did not know " the ghost of a line." The impunity with which our Sydney au diences allow themselves to be plundered of thein'money (for it is unquestionably a downright robbery to bringforward a piece in such a state of preparation) has fre quently surprised us. No British audience „ 'J ' - . .i. .. ' \ ' ' would ever suffer so gross an imposition to pass unpunished ; — they would pelt the actors that appeared and the Manager that dared to bring forward a piece in such a state of preparation off the stage. The only scene in Jthe whole piece that went off with anything like ec/c? was the battle between LadyLoverule (Mrs. Downs) and Jobson ( Lee ), on awaking after the metamorphosis is supposed to take place. The proficiency Mrs. Downes displayed shewed her no mean adept in the art of hen-pecking. Lee made his appearance for the first time in the character of Jobson as a substitute for Meredith, and truly might we exclaim, u Oh, what a falling off was there, my coun trymen." It is now nearly three years since we saw the same piece performed, and we have certainly little reason to congra tulate the lovers of theatrical amusements on the change which is visible/ Meredith played the part of Jobson, and we can yet recollect the hearty bursts of laughter from every parf of the house which re warded his exertions. Compared with the rich, racy humour of Meredith the buffoon ery of Lee dwindles into ntter insignifi cance. The other characters we shall pass over unnoticed, save by the remark, that where none were in a fit state of prepara tion to appear, none could perform even tolerably. — Correspondent. 