CONTEMPORARY LITERATURE. "Tegg's Monthly Magazine," No. I. March, 1836. Sydney. Published by James Tegg, George-street. Price One Shilling. Printed by H. Bull, Colonist Office. HERE is a bright little sunny compendium of light reading in poetry and prose, well arranged, and neatly printed, and all for the very parrinimitude of price above quoted, videlicet—one shilling. The number now before us, it is true, does not aspire to enter any of the higher walks of literature, but it may very well pass the nursery, and be no unpleasing occasional companion to the boudoir, which are no trivial recommendations. The original matter is not much, but whatever there is, rubs on in a very pleasing jingling vein. We have first the sine qua non of every number one, the "introductory Address ;" next "My Own Sorrows," a poetical effusion, rather in the sickly sentimental mood ; "Fisher's Ghost ;" "The Home of My Fathers ;" "A Fragment ;" and "The Governess." With the antepenultimate, and that be- fore it, which we suspect is indebted to the "poetica licentia" for much of its romance, we shall at present rest con- tented. FISHER'S GHOST : A LEGEND OF CAMPBELLTOWN. [The incidents related in the following tale must be familiar to many of our readers, especially to those in Campbell- town and its neighbourhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the statements, the inaccuracies, however (if there be any), can only be of minor importance ; the principal portions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appearance of Fisher's Ghost, con- tenting ourselves with simply telling the tale as it was told to us. Most of those concerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testimony to its truth.] READER, have you ever paid a visit to the town or rather the village of Camp- belltown ? If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We recommend you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from experience of tbe pleasure we have felt when domiciled in its comfortable little inn, enjoying a few days' relaxation from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there you can dispense with our description of its neat little church, its straggling ap- pearance, and its pleasant situation, in short, of all the beauties which it presents to a toil-worn dust-blinded cit on his first visit—and enable us to come at once to the subject of our tale. The visitant to Campbelltown must have observed as he strolled through the village, a large unfinished brick building fast mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended at the time of its erection for a store ; its appearance how- ever shows that whatever may have been the intention in erecting it, something must have intervened to prevent the ac- complishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the fresh- ness of the grass which covers the sward around it, shows that whatever the cause may be, the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the surrounding cottages. The unfinished building and the land which surrounds it, were the property some few years ago of a man named Frederick Fisher, who oc- cupied an adjoining cottage, of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner, he had served his time in the employ of a gentle- man in the neighbourhood, and had re- moved to the town when he obtained his ticket-of-leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our tale, he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone his sentence which had been awarded to him by the laws of his country. He had also soon after he became free obtained a grant of a town allotment and had commenced the building referred to, intending on its completion to occupy one portion of it as a dwelling-house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the commission of the offence which had led to his transportation. His relatives, en- raged at the disgrace he had subjected them to by his misconduct, had taken little notice of him after that period ; and as he could put no trust in those whom he saw around him placed in cir- cumstances similar to his own, he had, consequently, formed no friendship which might have enabled him to pass pleasant- ly his vacant time ; his education, also, had been much neglected in his youth by those very relatives who were so liberal of their censure after he had gone astray ; it is not, therefore, matter of surprise, that his time should have, occasionally, hung heavy on his hands. His own fire- side presented few attractions to him ; his conduct, since his arrival in the colo- ny, not having been such as to afford him much gratification in the retrospect ; the resolutions of amendment he had made whilst in gaol and on the passage out, had melted like snow when exposed to the demoralising influence of the exam- ple set by those around him. Fisher, like most of his class, flew for refuge from unpleasant recollections, to the society which the neighbouring taproom afforded, and sought for that which he found not at home, in quaffing the flowing bowl. The necessary consequences of conduct such as this soon became apparent, his business, to which on gaining his free- dom, he had paid strict attention, was now neglected, but instead of endeavour- ing, by exertion, to extricate himself from the difficulties which began to sur- round him—he plunged yet deeper into a life of dissipation, frequenting the pur- lieus of the tap both night and day. His inevitable ruin soon became so apparent, that his creditors resolved no longer to brook delay, he was accordingly arrested and lodged in jail, at the instance of one of their number, for a debt of £150. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow the bad example of others to lead him astray, he was yet far from having reached that pitch of depra- vity which many of his associates had attained ; although he had neglected his business, and spent in dissipation those means which ought to have been applied to the liquidation of his debts, he had yet sufficient moral principle remaining, to shudder when one of his drunken associ- ates named Worral, suggested the expe- diency of entering into a scheme to defraud his creditors by making over to him the whole of his property which yet remained; making at the same time, a private engagement that it should be res- tored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the jail. The persuasions of Worral who represented to him the ease and safety with which he might thus re- venge himself on his creditors and regain possession of his property without any incumbrance, soon overcame the feelings of repugnance which he had at first felt, and he consented to make a transfer of all he possesed to Worral, under these conditions. Mr. P. at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding that he was not the owner of the property he had supposed, consented after some time, to his liberation, as the only means by which he was likely ever to recover the amount his claim. Fisher, immedi- ately on his release, returned to Camp- belltown, exulting in the success of his scheme. Shortly after Fisher's return, he left his house one evening with the intention, it was supposed, of resorting, according to his usual custom, to some of the neigh- bouring ginshops. Morning came, but his continued absence excited no surprise, as it was supposed that he had got so drunk the previous night, as to be unable to return home. As the day wore on, and no signs of his appearance, a neigh- bour went to inquire at the various public houses whether he had been there. He had not been at any of his usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous evening. Many conjectures were made as to the cause of his protrac- ted absence, but no feasible reason could be adduced until the afternoon. Worral returned from Sydney, whither he said he had accompanied Fisher on the pre- vious evening, who had sailed early that morning for England, in order to avoid the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troublesome to him, some of them having even threat- ened to lodge him again in jail. This was corroborated by the fact, that a ves- sel did sail for England on that day. Worral's statements set completely at rest all the conjectures which had been previously afloat, as to the cause of Fisher's disappearance, and he was al- lowed to take undisputed possession of the property, on producing Fisher's con- veyance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten or never al- luded to, except by the the deluded creditors, who consoled themselves for their loss, by venting imprecations and forming resolutions, never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's disap- pearance, Mr. Hurly, a respectable settler in the vicinity of Campbeltown, was returning thence to his residence ; he had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no mean improbable that his mind reverted to his sudden disappear- ance when passing the place where he had so long resided ; be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's state- ment ever entered his mind. It was about ten o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the moon had risen, but her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from five to eight hundred yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On ap- proaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognize distinctly the features of Fisher, whom he had supposed then far on his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assur- ing himself that he had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on his near approach, struck such a chill of terror to his heart, as chained him motionless to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, rose from the fence and waving its arm pointed in the direc- tion of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently fol- lowing the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered the faculties of Hurly at this sight, defies all power of description ; in a state of stupefaction he left the spot, and endeavoured to obtain an entrance into the nearest house. How he managed to find his way to the house he has no recollection, but just as he approached it, his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his head striking the door as he fell, alarmed the inmates, who on opening it found him in a death like swoon ; he was carried into the house, where he lay for a whole week in the delirium of a brain fever. The fre- quent mention of the name of Fisher in his ravings, attracted the attention of those who attended him, and conjecture was soon busy at work to assertain what had driven him into such a state ; his known character of sobriety, as well as the testimony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before, for- bade the supposition that it had been caused by drunkenness ; and rumour with her thousand tongues, turned the villagers' heads with vain conjectures as to its pro- able cause. On the morning of the ninth day of Hurley's illness, he awoke after a long and refreshing sleep, in the full posses- sion of his senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the Po- lice Magistrate should be sent for imme- diately. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee, who then filled the situation of Superintendent of Police for Campbelltown and the sur- rounding districts, was sent for, and came immediately on being made aware of the circumstances. To him Hurley disclosed what he had seen, and suspicion of Fish- er's having met with foul play, which that sight impressed on his mind. As soon as Hurley was able to leave his bed, Mr. Howe accompanied by a few consta- bles, among whom was a native black named Gilbert, went, conducted by Hurley, to the place where the appari- tion had been seen. On closely examin- ing the panel of fencing pointed out, Mr. Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was commenced to discover further traces of the supposed murder, but nothing more was observed. It was thought advisable to trace the course of the creek in the direction to which the apparition had pointed, and in which it had disappeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gilbert was directed to ex- plore with his spear ; he carefully exam- ined each as he approached it, but the shake of the head denoted his want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched, the standers by observed his eyes sparkle as he exclaimed in a tone of triumph, while yet at some distance from the spot, "white man's fat sit down here," as soon as he reached the bank of the pond he thrust his spear into the water, and after some search, he pointed to a particular spot in the water, saying "white man there." The constables were immediately set to work to clear away the water, which was soon effected—and on digging among the sand the remains of a human being in an advanced stage of decompo- sition, were disovered. It became now obvious to all, that Fisher (if the remains which had been found were really his) had met with an untimely end. Suspi- cion alighted on Worral, who was the only person who had reaped any benefit from Fisher's death ; and it was remem- bered also that he it was who had first propagated the story of Fisher's return to England. Many circumstances, cor- roborative of this suspicion, flashed on the minds of the neighbours, which until now had escaped their notice. Mr. Howe caused Worral to be arrested, and the suspicion being confirmed by a body of circumstantial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court for the murder. The conviction that retributive justice was now about to overtake him, had such an effect on his mind that he confessed his guilt. His reason for so barbarrous a pro- ceeding arose from the transaction men- tioned in the former part of the naraitive. Fisher overjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he had defrauded his creditors, forgot to regain possession of the deed of conveyance by which he had made over his properly to Worral. The thought occurred to Worral that if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim possession of the property in right of that convey- ance ; this project had repeatedly oc- curred to him while Fisher was in jail ; and he had resolved even then, either to regain possession of the private agreement which compelled him to restore the pro- perty, whenever it might be required, or to get rid of him entirely. Foiled in his scheme to obtain possession of this docu- ment by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ultimately accomplished. Under the mask of friendship, he was Fisher's com- panion during the day—and night after night he watched Fisher's motions from the time of his return from jail, but had accidentally been foiled in every attempt he had made, until the one on which the murder was committed. On that night he was as usual prowling about Fisher's cottage, looking out for an opportunity to attain his ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed at some distance by Worral. At the place where the blood was afterwards discovered, Fisher stopped and leaned against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now before him the opportunity he had so long waited for, and taking up a broken panel of the fence, he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched him lifeless on the ground ; he carried the dead body from the scene of the murder to the place where it was after- wards discovered, and buried it deep in the sand. A few weeks after he had made the confession, he expiated his crime on the scaffold, imploring with his last breath the forgiveness of his Maker. 