Sir JOHN FRANKLIN, Knight, of the Royal Navy.lhecelebrated Voyager to I lie Worth Pole, we stated in bur last had lieen appointed the Governor of Van Diemen's Lund. We now lake occasion to assure our Readers, that -there is not a doubt ot" the authenticity of our stale - menl, English Newspapers having also been received in the Colony, announcing the pleasing information, in substance to the following ell net: —It appears, that on ihe 13th April, Mr. Hume, in the House of Commons, expressed a wish to know if it was true, that Colonel Arthur had been recalled from Ihe Government of Van Diemeu's Land. The Under Secretary of State, in reply, said, that he had certainly beeu recalled, but that at the same time he had been retained in office nearly doubje the time usually allotted to other Governors of British Colonies, in consequence of the general satisfaction he had given ( of course by his misrepresentations of the real staie and interests of the Colony) to the several Secretaries of State, during the very long period of his administration ; and that Colonel Arthur's successor wus Sir Jobu Franklin. Mr. Hume then said, the reason why he wished to gain this information was, because had not Colonel Arthur been recalled, it was his (Mr H utile's) intention, on the following night, to make a motion to that effect, in order that Colonel Arthur might appear before the House to meet such charges as he proposed to prefer against him, for acts of mal-adminislration in the Colony. We do not know what those charges precisely are, but there can be no doubt they will be as numerous as they will be serious in their nature; and now thai Mr. Bulwer has opened an office, as Parliamentary Agentfor these Colonies,appointing Mr. Legge(late Under Sheriff ofLaunccston), as Secretary thereto for Van Diemeu's Land, it is to bo sincerely hoped, thai our fellow Colonists, to a man, will co-operate and support such a powerful auxiliary to their real interests, as this uncompromising and talented Member must be in Parliament. For this purpose, our Political Association should forthwith call a Meeting of its Members, and we are convinced, that by so doing, nuuierousof our fellow Colonists, who have not already joined it, will step forward most cheerfully, and not only become Members, bnt support it to their very utmost, in every possible way. Indeed, we could mention several leading Gentlemen of the Colony, who have already expressed their desire so to do. We, therefore, say to all our fellow Colonists, that you must recollect that " UNION is STRENGTH." Messrs Bulwer and Hume, your Parliamentary Agents and Advocates, require your information and co-operation. They can not possibly succeed in obtaining you compensation for the injuries you have sustained, or secure you a Representative Government, without both one and the other. If ever the Colonists were called upon to do their duty, as Britons, it i s upon this important occasion. We repeat, that we do not know what may be the charges that will be brought forward in the British Parliament against our present unpopular Ruler, whose sun is now fortunately set. But it is satisfactory for us to learn, that Mr. Hume had actually taken up the case of one of our contemporaries, Mr. Gilbert Robertson, who was dragged from his large and uno rotected young family, and incarcerated n a gaol amongst felons. Mr. Hume will also, no doubt, bring forward Mr. Melville's persecution, which was equally And we have ourselves received letters, not concerning our own,individual and illegal prosecutions, exceeding in severity, either those of Mr. Melville's or Mr. Robertsou's, but regarding other matters, in which we were particularly interested ; and from which wu anlicipate the most favorable results. They are confined to the extraordinary power which Colonel Arlhur has exercised, in issuing title deeds to persons in this Colony to certain valuable esLates, while the heirs at law were in England ; the particulars of which were some time back fully discussed by tho Trustees and some of the Editors of the Colonial papers. The decision of Ihese cases, so soon as they shall have been disposed of by the British Parliament, must be considered of vital importance to the whole Colony ; and as such result will be equally beneficial to the interests of the many other persons, who have been deprived of their respective landed estates, by Colonel ArLhur having given title deeds thereof to other claimants, such persons will no doubt give us credit in affording them this information. One striking instance of this kind, in the case of Mr. Alawle, of Brighton, was fully exposed in the last number of th« True Colonist, which for the information of our readers generally, we shall insert in our present number, immediately after this article. It will be read with intense interest. Amongst the other charges that will be brought forward by Mr. Hume against Colonel Arthur, will no doubt be that of Mr. \V. Bryan's, for depriving that gentleman of his assigned servants, without any justifiable cause. The cases of Mr. Meredith, Major Douglas, Mr. Burnett, and numerous other oppressed and injured fellow Colonists will also doubtless be mooted. And we sincerely hope, that Colonel Bradley's Honduras case will likewise be fully gone into. Colonel Bradley, Major Douglas, Mr. Bryan, and Mr. Lewis'sbrotlierwill have the satisfaction lo meet their opponent on the spot, face to face. The result of the whole of these aud numerous other interesting cases, affecting the official mis-doings of Colonel Arthur, and of vital importance to the future interests of those he has oppressed, shall obtain a priority to any other matter, so soon as the result of such proceedings may reach the Colony, in our News. But to return to our new Governor, from which subject we have digressed. It is understood, that Sir John Franklin has written to Colonel Arlhur, apprising hi in of his intention to leave England by the first of July ; so that he may be looked for here in all October. Heaven speed him safely to our shores. For no Governor will be more welcomely received by the Colonists, as true and loyal subjects. They have not been opposed to the measures of Colonel Arthur from any dis-aifection to their Sovereign ; but from universal dissatisfaction and oppression of his ill- advised and cruelly injurious acts of mal-administration, which have been the ruin of MANY, for the sake of a FEW ; and which have, unfortunately, brought this once fine and flourishing Colony to its present state of bankruptcy, starvation, pauperism, and discord—whilst Colonel Arthur himself is taking out of it, in specie, some ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND l'OUNDS, every farthing of which has been acquired in the Colony ; for we believe he brought nothing into it. This speaks more to the British People, than a ship-load of the Addresses he may take with him. A man-of-war brig, it is said, will be fitted out to convey Sir John Franklin and suite, with a number of Artillery, to the Colony. We also understand, that many changes are contemplated ; but, although we have heard of some, we decline mentioning them upon information that cannot be relied upon. We may, however, mention, that there are some persons in the Colony, who have sailed with Sir John, and who speak of him in the very highest terms, as a Naval Commander, and as a man of great determination of his own free will, when convinced of being right, and not easily mislead by the prejudice of a party. This is the Governor for us. Sir John is also said to have for many years been upon the most friendly terms of intimacy with His present Majesty—an intimacy which was formed in youth, and grew with age, both having served in the Royal Navy together. King William has, no doubt, therefore, decided in giving his friend, Sir John Franklin, this appointment, as a right of his prerogative, in preference to any of the numerous Candidates, powerful as their interests may have been, and as we have already mentioned in our Journal. In reference to this very gratifying intelligence, we caunot do justice to our own feelings without making a few remarkshy way of conclusion. Though man may be sunk into the deepest misery and suffering, under the greatest injuries and privation, it seems that the benign hand of Providence has ever placed in perspective his day-star of existence—HOPE—to lure him onward till he meets another and another tempest. Year after year, and ship after ship, have conic and gone paBt the unfortunate Colonists of this Island, and as each departed without the tidings of a riddance of Colonel Arthur, a new sorrow has been seen to pervade the countenance of every parent, and " hope deferred," has preceded time in furrowing tho brow, and whitening the locks with care.— When the sad sufferers under his baneful administration shall have received some compensation for the injuries they and their offsprings have sustained, we ask what will be the [feelings of their persecutors ? Will they reflect that Providence has at length done justice to the oppressed ? We envy not their feelings. For all the Colony possessed, we would not exchange our humble conditipn for theirs ! The discipline of Colonel Arthur has made the land groan with woe for twelve mournful years 1 His sun, however, is nearly sunk ; and every bosom may now bound with gladness at the event. He is called to account by our parent People of England ; and although he has forced so many Addresses to hiinselj by his remnant power, yet TRUTH will prevail! There ever has been, and is, retributive justice ; for DIVINE PROVIDENCE stands over the destinies of man to enforce it. The Ghosts of their misdeeds will be strewed on their way before them ; aud many there are, " though it be sixteen thousand miles iu length." and though the last news for our readers, yet not the least, it is with pleasure we have had to inform them, before their oppressors quitted our shores, that one, at least, of the numerous injured and persecuted sufferers have had a hearing in the British Parliament. Since the above was set up in type, the Colonial Times lias come to hand. This journal contains much important British intelligence, not only confirming our preceding statement 'as to the Lieutenant Governor's recal, hut implicating the conduct of Colouol Arthur at Honduras, in 1820, sixteen years ago, in flogging a gunner of the Artillery service, named Ingram, by sentencing him to receive three hundred lashes at the tap of the drum, whilst the man was in a very bad state of health. It appears that from a quarter to half a minute elapsed between every tap of the drum, and that the Brigade-major held his watch to note the timeColonel Arthur, in the most unusual manner, came down to parade to see the man flogged, and .gave an order which the Commanding Officer alone could issue, that the punishment should be inflicted by what is called the tap of the drum. We state all this upon the authority of Mr. Duncombe, the Member of Parliament, in a speech made by hi in the House of Commons, on the 14th of April ; who said, that he had had the misfortune to witness many military punishments, and that he must inform the House, that when the cries of the unfortunate man, (Ingram) became too loud, the drums were ordered to beat to/lrowu the noise ! ! ! He, therefore, begged to call the attention of the Noble Lord to the circumstances, to the end that, as the butchering system of flogging was to be preserved in, the punishment awarded under its prosisions should be inflicted in theshortest period. Sir H. Hardingeeaid, that as soon as Colonel Arthur hoard of the charge made against him, he would be anxiousio meet it by a Court of Enquiry, or some other means, if the law prevented him from doing so by a Court Martial. Sir George Grey said, he was sure from what he knew of Colonel Arthur, that as soon as he heard of the charge brought against him, he would anxiously desire that it should be thoroughly investigated.—Mr. Hume said, that he did notconsidcr the matter should be left to the fricuds of any individual; and that he thought tljat it was the duty of the public officers of the Government not to pass it over. Mr. Goulburn said, lie was sure that Colonel Arthur would be the first to demand an investigation, and implored tho House, as Colonel Arthur was at so great a distance, to refrain from any further allusion to his conduct. Sir Henry Hardinge said, that he should certainly think it was a case calling for investigation before the Military Authorities ; and that he had expressed his opinion of such as strongly as any other honorable Memben He agreed with Mr. Duncombe, that he was fully justified in the assertions he had made, and that if this were a case where any friend of his was concerned, notwithstanding fifteen years had elapsed since the period not another should pass over without his demanding investigation. " Thus it j s evident," says the Colonial Times, " that Colonel Arthur must, according to Sir H. Hardinge, « meet the charge by a Court of Enquiry, or some other means if the law prevents him doing so bv a Court Martial." It appears Mr. .Duncombe is ready to bring on his charge ; but we forbear offering one word excepting that if Colonel Arthur be guilty of the offence imputed to him, we envy him not his feelings, nor can we wonder at what lias occured under bis administration in this unhappy country.* For our part we consider this movement of Colonel Arthur's adversaries but a feint—we fancy that they will leave Colonel Arthur and the British public to decide as to hiB innocenee or guilt in this affair—but that having aroused the public feeling against him they are ready to drive another more deadly shaft at him. Unfortunate man is Colonel Arthur', that he should have enemies so vindictive, so determined to destroy him, even by raking up transactions of sixteen years' standing—but whether he deserveu.to.be so persecuted rests between himself and his Maker. We fairly begin to pity him, although the numerous personal enemies that he has raised against him self in Van Diemen's Land may glory if they please in his almost certain downfall ; for if Colonel Arthur clears himself honorably of " Ingram's" affair, (and we have not the least doubt that he will,) there are we believe a score of others to follow. Never did we wish our most inv.eterate enemy to be placed in such a situation. Before leaving the flogging in the army business, we cannot help refering to a letter inserted in the Colonial Times of September last—and we copy the same for the information of our readers. The writer was evidently well acquainted with the discipline of the regiment, and although signing himself a " Discharged Soldier," must have either heen in the service, or well acquainted with those who could give him correct information." [Here the letter alluded to, signed a Discharged Soldier," is inserted.] The next notice of Colonel Arthur in the House of Commons, is iu the following report, taken from the Timet of the 13th April :— COLONEL ARTHUR.—Mr. Hume, seeing the Chancellor of the Exchequer in his place, wished to ask the honorable baronet (Sir G. Grey) a question, which perhaps, if answered satisfactorily, nwght save the house the trouble of a discussion to-morrow on the petition which he intended to present from Mr. Gilbert Robertson agaiust the Government of Van Diemen's Land. He begged to know if Colonel Arthur was to be relieved from his duties as Governor of Van Diemen's Land ? Sir G. Grey said, it was certainly true that the oflicer in queslion was about lo be relieved from the Government of that Colony, but in justice to Colonel Arthur, who, he believed, merited and received the approbation of every Secretary of State during the time he had held the office, lie must state that his recal had no relation to the notice given by the hon. Member for Middlesex. It was intimated to the gallantoflicer several months since, that it was owing to the length of time he had served in Van Diemen's Land in that capacity. The length of time fixed by Mr. Huskisson for the duration of the Governorship was six years ; Colonel Arthur had been there twelve years ; and he had been informed, that within a fow months, a period fixed on chiefly to suit his own convenience, and that he might not be hurried away from the Government, a successor would be appointed in the person of Sir John Franklin. Mr. Hume should consider it very im-. properindced to bring forward any charge against Colonel Arthur in the situation in which he is now placed. He should therefore withdraw the notice he had placed on the books for to-morrow, and take no further step in the business at present. Although this is the first public intimation of Colonel Arthur's successor, yet we have to present our readers with a more favorable picture, in offering them an extract from the London Gazette, as to the official appointment of our new Governor, as follows.— DOWNING-STREET, APRIL 19,—The King has been pleased to appoint Sir John Franklin, Rut., Captain in the Royal Navy, to be Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies." * It is said that Colonol Arlhur has signed death warrants since his arrival in this Colony for ttioj*6 than would tuflfcc ® full compliment for a regiment. 