EXTRAC i'Sc -' I1 It is with deep regrt-t that we have to 1 state that it appears from advices received from Swellendam, that the bodies an I re- mains of a wreck, found on the beach near tho Ratel River, belonged to the ship Don easter, which sailed in June last from th? Mauritius with a detatchment of the 99 li regiment. No less than fif'y-tbreo boobs have a'ready been disoove ed and decently j interred :- among them are fifteen or six'eon i females, several of whom are ladies, from j' the style and charitcer of their dress. Se- j veral books, letters, and parcels have boen ¡ examined, which leave no room for fur her doubt respecting tin's melancholy event, although not a single life appears to have been spared.-Znid Afrikaan, Aug. An artist near Compeign, having lived in a state of adul ery with a woman, who was the mother of several illegitimate children, determined with his g-uiliy associate, to commit a double suicide, and took" tho fol- lowing extraordinary means :-They shut thomselves up in a 6mall outhouse, in which they had collected a pile of faggot?* and having covered »heir bodies with essence of turpentine, lay down on the heap and sei fire to ii. The flames were soon seen, but not till too late, for both the bodii» were found half consumed. Two pistols were found one on each side of these victims. -French Paper. July IO. When in 1784, the younger Vetlris failed to appear (being confinad by n sprained foot) tha-Baron de'BretiùiPpmiîâhetl his non-ap- pearance at night by rending bira to the prison of La Force. Thp news thre\v all Paris into a ferment ; parties wero formed for nnd against the artist ; but nothing could exceed the consternation of his family. " Alas I"- exclaimed his father, his heart wounded, and his eyes overflowing iviih tears, " this is ilia first dtfFerance of my house willi the Borbons I" Too younger Vestris declared, that unless he was r« stored to liberty, und received honorable repara- tion, he would appenv no moro ; the elder threatened to quit France wi h his august family.-New Monthly Mag. July 10. ExTUAOltDlNAItY B.HUBARB. -A Leeds prpors 8 .ys-" On Saturday wo had & specimen of tho giant rhubarb ex- hibited 'to us, grown by Mr. Joseph Marshall, of Rothwell, Haig, near this town, and supposed to be the largest ever exhibited iu the London market, and proved when used, as tender as the ordi- nary sized rhubarb. The owner realised from twenty-seven roots no less than thirty stones and a half ; sonio of tho leaves of which, with the stem, measured about l8 feet."- Obseiver, July 10. Letters from Scotland contain verv disheartening intelligence on the subject of the potatoo crop, which sooms in many places lo have completely failed. It is not only on the hoavy unpulverizod nlay soils thal this has happened, but on the finest soils even on lue bunks of the Clyde. Ono paper snjs, " The moro the polatoe crop is examined the more it is fount! to be deficient in plant. There i« a remarkable failuro even in those piceos of ground let by farmers to vil- lagers, which are manured from their own store, and planted by the spade."« Observer, July IO. THB PALACE AT POTSDAM.-Tligro i» «omothing here (Potsdam), howovVr, infinitely more interesting than what'the painter and the uphohtorer can produce,' seeing that it waa within the walli of this palaoo that Frederick spent the greater part of bis life, and at last gave up the ghost. In the small library, consisting solely of French books, wc still see (ho ink stand and the table at which ho was aooustouied to sit ; and thoy are just as the monarch left thom. In tho adjoining apartment st-angors are shown tho spot where the eloow chair stood in which ho breathed his last. Upon the tablo of this chamber ».ur observation was drawn to a small French pendule; it was a favourite of Frederick'», »nd be pormittod no ono to touch it but himsoli ; every day he wound it up With his own hand. On the last day of his life, amid his many trou- bles, it was forgotten ; and, as the story goes, tho hands, pointing as they do at present, twenty minutes past two o'clock, mark the procine moment when Frederick ceased to exist; the pendule, as if by magio, stopped at the very moment of tho King's death, and it has never'since been put m motion.- Observer. j ht Charlemagne Bible MS.-This extraorilinuty »peanieu ol the litwrutur« end arts ol ibe «ightb centnrv'. of tb» genu nrness of wbirli, »ml ita buing «rimen by A'cuin, iboia ia no iloubl was put up ou Wednesdoy ; but, iioiwitlitinudii g bis persuutive power», WHB bou^bt in«t£ld 0, the valu» *«t open li bv ibe owner lenig no it»3 A nu £22*0, ( THb t)uKBroF SusáEx,- Atiho Corni |uf Common Council, lately, an ad dross of congratulation to the Duke of Sussex, on the restoration of his sight, was agreed to. T'ho Society of Freemasons of Eng- land held an especial Meeting of ihr Grand l.od^o in their own hall, to vote a congratulatory addre-s to the Grand Mastor, on the successful operation which had boon recently performed, whereby bia Royal Highness is likely to bo re storod to the blessing of sight, and to society in gonercl. The chair was lillod by Lord Dundas. 