LAUNCESTON POLICE INTELLIGENCE. Monday, December 28, 1835, John Cook, Shepherd to Mrs. Lette, was charged with absenting himself without leave, and losing some of her sheep— sentenced 25 lashes, and to be returned to his Mistress's service. Dr. Browne, complained of his Assigned servant, John Annealy, for being absent from his services without permission—Repri- manded Charles Bennett, James Smyth, John Lewis, Joseph Carns; Robert Weldon, John Thomas, James Wilson, William Stanley, and William Cumberford, were charged by Chief Constable Friend, with being in a house of ill-fame in York Street, kept by a woman of the name of Clarke, between the hours of twelve and one o'clock, on Sunday morning. They were sober when taken, and offered no resistance —sentenced each of them to receive 25 lashes, having left their mas- ter's service without leave. William Buxon, Ticket-of-Leave man, for being drunk, and stating himself to be a free man when taken into custody— ticket sus- pended for 3 months. Three of Mr. Archer's assigned servants, were charged with being absent without leave ; they received good characters from their master — admonished, not to absent themselves again without leave. John Leviston, Post Office Messenger, was brought up charged with having in his pos- session, a working jacket, belonging to one of Mr, Archer's men; the prisoner bears a bad character. In his defence he stated, that he bought the jacket from some man, he thought from Mr. Archer's Gardener— Re- manded. James Dilley, assigned to Lieutenant Thompson, was charged with being drunk, and neglecting his master's horses ; general character honest, but of no earthly use — 25 lashes. William Norton, for drunkenness— Fined 5s. William Spencer, a free man, was charged with being drunk, and assaulting constable Walford. The constable said he found him in St Giles's, all over blood, and that when taken into custody, he was very obstreperous —not guilty of assault — fined 5-. for drunk- enness. Edward Burke, assigned to Mr. E. Jackson, was charged with being drunk, and using in- decent language to his mistress— 3 months hard labour to a Road Party. Eliza Siddons, a Ticket-of leave Woman, whose husband is in the Public Works, for being out after hours, and keeping company with a man named Symler— Ticket suspended for 12 months James Crouch, assigned to Mr. Palmer Coach Builder, for being drunk — 50 lashes on the breech. George Collier, a Ticket- of-leave man, who works for Mr. Taylor, shoe maker, near the wharf, for being drunk and out after hours — admonished and fined 5s. William Pimbleton for being drunk — fined 5s Robert Beambridge, (the Bellman), for be- ing drunk and disorderly; said he was very sorry for it— fined 5s William, Corbett, free, for being drunk and disorderly—fined 5s. John Saunders, was complained of by his master for neglect of duty. His hair, vest and the sleeves of his shirt, were in such a state, that no one could for a moment imagine him to belong to any other profession than the one he really belonged to, (the Lamp lighting business)— Reprimanded Richard Burge, for absconding from the chain gang, for which he said he had no particular reason— sentenced to receive 59 lashes, and 12 months addition to his original sentence. Watts, assigned to W. L. Jordan, Tailor, was charged with absenting himself without leave ; no one having appeared to prosecute —the prisoner was discharged. John Sandyfoot, for being drunk at Church time — Reprimanded. Arthur Dugan for assaulting James Connolly — bound over to appear on Saturday next, the 2nd inst., himself in £200 and two su- reties in £100 each. Jesse Smyrh. an assigned servant to Mr. George Findlay, for making use of threatening expressions towards Mr. E. H. Thomas, in his masters absence— months hard labour in the interior. William Farrior, a man in the chain gang, for insubordination, in striking his overseer with a pick axe— 3 years addition to his origi- nal sentence, and recommended to be sent to Port Arthur. Tuesday, December 29, 1835 William Holland, was complained of by his master, for absenting himself without leave, as well as being drunk ; his master wished to part with him, if he could get another servant in his stead.— sentenced 3 months hard labour to a Road Party. Thomas Prosser, a free man, was charged by constable Jenkins, with being drunk the preceeding day, at 5 o'clock P.M. he pleaded guilty, but complained of being robbed by the Constable, and shewed his pockets which were very much torn, the Magistrate here remarked that he could not answer for any Constables honesty— fined 5-. Joseph Kendrick, free, for being drunk.— fined 5s. William Holmes, was given in charge to a constable by Mr. Uarits, the Ireasuier, for being diti»k, and tuaV.iukl ase of utisceno language. Mr. Davics net having oppraicd to prosrcu'.e— fi ed 5s. for being drank. Will am Fuller, apprtn-ice to Mr. Dell C»hin.t Maker, app«-r|!d lo answer tb. complaint of h.s master, f^r leJ»ng hie uicmirs wilhiw prrnji.ssion, on Sam.dayt lhe 26 h inn.l the Ucfci'l-nt i leaded nut, guilty, Mr. Jennings append, on beball oi Complainant, and Mr. Uorne, for Drfrn dutu. Alter eiitcriii|- ino the particulnrs of Ihe case, and hea*iiiR the uirlejice aililu^eri on but h sides, Mr, Oonn m-vised the Cum piainaot to take the. boy back agaiu into Ins tcrvice, as.it would be a ceitnin destruction , to ihe lad, if he were committed t- i!/j ? Honse ol Correction. for 3 tnon hs, lo which pun sbnicnt he wai liable for nb o mduig. The M«g;i»lr«te. alsoiSirouglj remarked, thai the affair could have been cmdj settled with out the; aid of Lawyers.. Thomas Harris, was liroight before the fien:b, charged wiib B-uulting W.illiiin Hussell, ol Pattftson'4 HIjok, Tutilican. Mr. Russell, being swpru-stiiert. Uiat aihn was riding in the hush 3..or«jn'esfrom Town, HtJ IDC I .IMC |ll ISUUBI Wl*M Binn ii » '? -v« . i Prisoner aikcl him if he woM tell hit hortt ; j he told Aim. Jo goon with bit tultockt, and to ? I mind he did not eaptizt Me carl, and il:al then the prisoner stuoV liim.wiih bis »ht|-. | ?'? prisoner, in his defenos still, lhat he certain y . did n«k the complauiaut taktl his horu, Im would not deny it', but llit compainaoi thieatened to punch hi» b-| H btfore be used ' the whip-fined X5 and ciHtis-B. Both p«i- ? tie* bound over in autcliesMkeep the I'rHce*. U 77T™—^ll'PsssWBs»«s]«B ?wtiehng . each I «nd parncnMj i0 alolwlk- Jl/ other's heads for .he fo«u™-B.st OBcr me« Henry Barton, Westbury, >> Post Office mes- senger, was charged with >>ing 1 blue waistcoat, 1 pair kidgloves >> and some ribbon from Mr. Cameron, under >> the pretences. It appears that the prisoner de>>livered a forged order, signed ' Mrs. Earl, for >> the above named articles. An affidavit from M>>rs Earl read, (she being not able to >> come to town wherein she denied ever ha>>ving given an order to the prisoner for >>the articles men- tioned above— a letter from >> the prisoner to Mr. Earl was also read, in >> which the pri- soner in strong terms, begged >>of Mr. Earl not to prosecute him. We under>>stand that there are one or two other charges of the >> same nature against the prisoner— Committed for trial. Charles Bennett, a pensioner, was chareerl i ! by Mr. Thomson the jailor, with taking a bottle of wine into tho jail.. 1 William Willis, javelin man, sworn— stated, that he was»n rtutj onVridny.ihe OSIiirm., \ that lbs defendant come lo the p ii-ot., Hruj '.' a-kel to srrn friend »f his; lhat ho hnrl .»„ J bolt Us in a handkerchief— witne«« Bak-d him * i whul Ihej were— he rep'i'd, ' mie coni»t»* O porter and (he other ale' — Tvitucssciamuca t'l ' them, the first he looked at was ale, the other seemed to be either wine or spirits, and on examination, it proved to be wine. Fined £10—3 days to pay the fine. William Hall, assigned to Antonio Marti- ni, and an assigned servant of David Black- well, were severally charged with robbing Mr. A. Martini of about £200, on the night of the 26th instant, about half-past ten o'clock — remanded for further examination, and to be kept separate. A soldier applied for a warrant to appre- hend his wife, who had left him, taking with her the greater part of his little property. The bench remarked, that he could not com- pel his wife to come back, but, that if be thought his property was in any person's house, they would grant a warrant to have that house searched. Warrant issued to search Arthur Myer's house. Wednesday, Dec. 30 1835. Catherine Hales, and Ann Willis, both as- signed to Major Welman, were brought up, charged with absconding— remanded. James Gallagher, was charged by consta- ble Hughes with being drunk and assaulting him— fined 5s. Mrs. Blackwell applied for a warrant to have Daniel Turner apprehended for selling her a boat for £7, the boat being the pro- perty of F. J. McCullen, Supply Point, River Tamar— warrant granted. Thomas Lee, prisoner's barracks, was sen- tenced to a road party for 12 months, for stealing a white jacket, value 1s 6d. Mr. Thomas Stanfield, of Green Point, River Derwent, prayed that a warrant might be issurd to apprehend Alexander Richards, his overseer at Break O'Day plains, for making away with a horse, and about 30 head of cattle, his property—Mr Stanfield also applied for a warrant to have the premises of Mr Phillip Davis searched for the said horse —warrants granted in both cases. In about half an hour afterwards, the constable who had the execution of the search warrant, ap- peared in front of the police office with the animal. Mr. Davis appeared, and being sworn—stated, that he had purchased the beast in question, at Mr. Richard White's monthly sale of cattle, on or about th 6th inEimo; ib»lb««r«itopay l.3» for it, b. a Mil at 3 months, but, 'bat, un 'amandine, i (Born Mr. Pi I. -hat the horw *?» claimed i !»»???''? ope else, he refuted lo aoo^pt ilw IBli, until tali fied thai IiIh cIhIiu to the burse ] Hri .ond—h.irte let to ihr care of the etaie) iUJL^.i.I.I- until Hiehardt U «uuieb'iil)e-l. Lafr. Si.nfi.ld and Mr. DivU Wu..d in ibe sum of £50 each, to appear and give evidence at the next general quarter sessions. Thursday, Dec. 31, 1835 James Morris was charged by constable Andrews, with being drunk— Fined 5s. Further particulars of Mr Stanfield's case. Mr. Davis requested to have part of his deposition, given the previous day, altered, ViuUtiiuiuiK (be 30 h Nor. f«r Uie 6th, thai KoeibtrdAyoo wlueh Mr. Unite hrld hU monthly sale. Mr. R. White examined— nfttedj'tbatihehone in gueiito «u given |Hn t..*ell by mocuuj), 1iy TlioB* Lithi, it.st jBhotdii to Mr. D**!»f«rJEii,by * bill at llfcaolhs, bat, that beii-g lufutoed ? iVw ?&? »lierw«rdi, thai it wnt -be krppvrly of TMr SUiJJt-ld, he did .pot fince *(,,rce pa). i»#'t. Xbomnt light, a ticktl.oll ate mm., HMA, be nurchni.d tUe b -ne irV Georg. Hp Ifoid, of Uie fiJidcnA«»itJ»*'*-ar.j.»J»»- KhO.I. lait-.be jprodverd Ccflte Ubi! ?L'ii rec. ipt (or the urn. JSeur*elf«d,urii ?Ved.ihat he pur.ba»rd ihj b rt ?««.- ?jr with « gnddle and bridle, for £U, from ?»jiiodrr Bichardi, on the tame d| thai rm^»l'du to Ii.omai-W|[hi— ib-t A. Wiiard. JWcahlBi8l.l0-.,iui1ih.tlic4)'i.l bk (be balance. Richards has not yet been ap- rehended. All three bound over to apear and give evidence at the next quarter sessions John Stephens was charged by constable KfiwbBn.'Wi'h ielhnu iwobotll*» o|rin. ? beer, value 3d., to constable Howard.— fined 10. John Leviston, a post office messenger, on having in his posession one jacket, the propert of Mr. Archer; 4 months to a ?ud perty in the interior. William Crawford applied for a summons for Mr. J. H. Jackson, for knocking him down on Tuesday night.—Summons granted. The soldier's wife appeared today, of her own will and consent. She denied all the charges brought against her by her husband— )i i tha |-rui-eity JUc Jook was brrnf \- i ^laiiied-ui!- reatmfmfromherbu-bnk— \- d:a«i«l he had nu c«'l tn'hti, nolhi -g tw-- i it ber— .be wa* noi his wiv. Here le ? n of Mar* taiii, that when he wa- 'IRKVi hospital, she took the marriage certificate out of his prayer book, and tore it in pieces; she left the office, a cag with a constable to have her lodgings examined for the disputed property. The last account we heard of the i iijv« was very ii-ii-factory— they ?'em It «]- the conttat-le,takiNg « drop of the crotkL Main all piobthiliiy 'tit j. twain jMatl \ V0t eiufieth' attain. ' I Friday, January 1, 1836 A man whose name we did not hear, was fined not having his name painted on his cart. A few minutes after our Reporter entered the offi y, William Evans, of Charles Street, Baker, "from the City of London," appeared under the escort of ? of constables, charged by them with alarm- ing the neighbourhood, under the influence of the jar ?d, between the hours of 1 and 8 in the morning. ?, Evans either saw, of fancied that he saw a ghost ?? sundry of them, for his loud ejaculations—a ghost! a ghost! disturbed the slumberings of the midnight guardians, who, upon being satisfied that his fears were from the effect of his ample quaffing of "Mc'Gowan ?> beverage, bid him calm his fears, and returned him home. The more grog the less witt — Mr. E prov ed the truth of the adage, for by dropping his shilielie with mortal effect upon the shoulders of his adver he discovered a disposition to enjoy repose for the remainder of the night in Rankin's hotel—in which with great difficulty, he was safely lodged. Before the bench, his appearance savored of irregularity—no co na—shirt rather soiled—inexpressibles, ditto—counte nance ruddy — demeanour boisterous — and a shiliele — his sole defence. Four constables deposed against him—and notwithstanding the failure of the evidence of the witness whom he called to prove his accuseres false, he made a bold halt upon the statement of Mr ?ukin, which was to the effect that he could stand when being brought to the watch house. This evidence sais Mr. Evans, is conclusive—that I was not inebriate because I have heard Major Wellman say, "that so long as a man could stand on his drumsticks he was not drunk." The Magistrates, however were perfectly satisfied that he was so, and fined him 3s. Mr Weir was fined 40s, for leaving a hole uncovered in Charles street. Joseph Harrison, for absconding from the Mudd ?ins Road party—30 lashes, and 12 months to C?uis uon Hill chain gang. The poor fellow stated. the ?tions were so small, that he could not exist on them, which induced him to leave the station. Ann Willis, assigned to Major Wellman, for absconding —three months crime class in the Factory—11 days of which in solitary confinement. Katherine Hayes, assigned to Major Wellman, for absconding— 12 months addition to her original sentence William Bagrand, charged with stealing two handker chiefs from T. Simcus in the watch house—12 months added on to his original sentence, and four months to Constitution Hill work party. Saturday January 2, 1836 James Biddy, for drunkenness— fined 5s. Thomas Wait, for drunkenness— fined 5s. William Gore, for being disorderly—fined 5s. An assigned servant of Mr Blake of Wellington street, for refusing to work—50 lashes, and to be returned to his master's service. William Gray, for being found in a public house at 2 o'clock this morning—2 months hard labour in a road party. Thomas Moore, a constable, was charged with break- ing open and destroying a letter entrusted to him by Captain Wood, at the Snake Banks, to be delivered to Mr Gunn. The charge was fully proved by a female prisoner whom he had in charge at the time. Fined 3s, and to enter in sureties for his good behavior for six months. This constable was discharged from the police of this district some time back, for opening letters entrusted to his care, wand went over to Hobart Town, when Captain Forster put him into commission again and stationed him at Campbell Town. This cir- cunstance proves how very necessary the veriest blackguards are to the police of this Government, and that although the vices of a scoundrel may render him too bad for one district—he is sure to have them put into requisition in another. 