AMATEUR TIHEATRICALS IN DUBLIN. - Tie Filshamble. s'ret l'lestre in Dsb'in was openied last , \rdnersday evening iy an amateur camnpany, mainly composed of'the mecmbers of the Stair tf histi Excell ncy the Lord Lieutenant of Ire and, for tie Ibtnelit of the tirk and indigent i.comlke' per's chaiity. The etnr tainments con aited of John P~olia, ltq 'ia aImirahle hImlesque of-Hali- Trae.seie-stndi-the-fl- ofolma-teuaeadi Actors T'le Trarestlie affordled nmnpl e pportunitei f'r the display of that rivild sense of the ridwaulous a hith so emcinently clharacterises the gentlemen wholl filled the peresocnges of which it is mn.sle up. Smne of- the new re.adings were introduced with the most laughahble effict and were at once te.vel nod fatiricous. Frank Sheridan's impersnnation of Hamlet evidenced hiis poase-sio, of considerablh histrionic trlenr, accompanied by ip species of quite humiour oaf the eist malir '-provoking qumliy that a drole can a xhibit. Tile mostheau'iful I)phel:i aWs very amuiiig Ia the pers,,n of Cap,. WVilliailn ? Mr Ddllon_prson ted the Ghost. and Horatio wa admnirably r'presented by Air IHernal. s.-n oTf mIe member for Roreast r In fact, all tile charataes in this wtv itusical and outre p odl,.tion were stus tain d with great s it annd l1rvean, ss Yoan H'rn .1 w ote and spoke tnhe p olozue, which was recrio d with tcunltItuous applause. ..ince-, ieat theatricals wer, fi st int oduced byJohln t- olls,Fsq. at his ms nsion called toe Granae in taae K nt Road, who n Thodor- Hook was boths t c nct or and an a. tor, assisted b?h th late l-mc.ntd C- lis .Matta. . s. ls a Mntthews, Capt in a i:rinson, Mr Holls. Mr i'owell, -nil ot:sess; and tile -edi enre 'in. la:dcd Ms `iddons and her d.ught trs, I)r It ine. :ir TIhom a I.awrencc. and a lurge rortion of tce fastiion ble wo Id we never witn as d a performance wcore admi ably sals taied in every dapartment then the recent scenic exhilbition at the pretty littie treatre in Fishamble street. Mr Paken'cam, }is Maj sty's Enroy in Mrexio, has I t ly aslcre, d d in olt i inJ hn exeml tioe in f 'our of HBitis, Sulhjets fcom the ablud and unjn.t I w wh?ich w. s p" sasd in 1832 by soma ot the M.xica.n Ste-rs prolhi iting all foreigners lo ,, t adine by retail. 