FOURTH RACE JOLLY BOATRS.. Only two boats were: p:ace for this ma'clh, a rhirdl one enteredii . anld went I)nce, trlunnd, but nt ocinli a Jolly olnat was not allwived to run.. Il trr.k ,/oke, Mr. ~tlj?ailnt, red............ Ist Ssa/;i, ('apt ii Hloptt n ......... ......... 2nid This ni:t;ch was beratil'ul ) contested, and won clvcciiy by 1i.itch Ju/.e" _S've? l bye match:es were nuade whih Ih closed the da) '5 .1pO t. About twelve o'clo.k the scene was drl'ght. ful. Dawes Battery Hill W.Bs crowded ; t,.re must have been near two two ,houuandl persons iin the point. Near hi?' lott oi IrI.' hill tv o t ns "were erectel. which were for the vise of I lie stewards ; eloe t, \hic h the hnids of I [I.M1. 17. adl 28th reilnlaus were sr.tioned, s and by th:er ilelilghtful hiarmony conltrillt edt int a little to the asuusemlent of thlie d.a. 'I lih.re were also two tents and several hundred lper -sous at Fort \la'otuutite. At this time ithe tir'st ihass sailing hoI;ts were in sightt 01 Brad hey's Ilea!, whle the while hnboas were jlttl r.innding thu fl.tg boat off Slhark Islandl ; the e,?otl .lass s..iling hoals were makilti all sail I towurds the plne? of reitez ous, ii ile oailt innulnerahle and of all r gs and d.(laliption. vre sailing in all dir ctions. Th'I'e new wha\iei lrP/tce1 was healing oult, land tihe stedmlnb,,a't Experiment and Australia, their decks illned with piasselgers, especinliy well-dreassed fe miale,. hich were plying abouti all day, reltlhr'. ed the scene more delightful. Not the least exciting event of the f!ay was the race between ihr boas i La-etiwiment-a d-Arrstrariarn--They- - run about two ulllhrs near one of which the boats were within a lew yards of cahb ulthir, occasionally almost touchiiig, and their speed .vas so equal that it was inipossible to tell which boat went ahead ; their rate of runninig is exactly the suite. The Experiment took otik the band of the 28 It regient ilon board in the afternooni anti anchored :at' the a atnine ho ? , lhere they phIaed many he.nu,i.ul .irs. Ilhe Experimrnt s acriowtled with ijnsengers, t lhere mist have been at least an hItilred p r soss on hoard. There were about fi ly ,,i ho ird the Australian; which is as hliste a -un. her as site is eal.uilated ito carry cumturtlhly The day was ,ieaulifully cliear, and ni slltrl, and in tht, great number if houts hi.tt .err lly'ng about, there colnhl uor hve Ieein I.. than lour thousandil pirson~ prtselt . FiThe tla') sport passed over without any uccidents. THEATRE .-Shakspeare's tragedy of Hamlet was played on Thursday evening. Kn wil a' IHamlet was not marked by .that deuth of feeling wllich I aractertsa d him wlhen lie saostilned the pait about twelve nn m.nbs sa ne but a ili, for Sydneyc acting, it may be pronounced good ; his best scene was in the chamlmer with his mother and his fa ther's phost ; lie also gave several of she soliloquies with effect. Groves, as i he King, was perfect in the wordts, but he nalkes a very unIlignifi.' looking king. Sioes played If ratio iW"if he were in-ahnrry-to get-done; -lhi?s?kihvery.viy tQo, ro~ and hi- manner was not sufficiently gentlettanly for the character lie was assumlirng. Sitlmns'a Laertea was good occ..sionally, but lie gienerally plays with more effect than lie did oil 'I'horatlny A.\r. Spencer's Ghost wan better concetivred than tiny otlier character awliich thatit genltm n has li appeared in, andu had lie been dlreatted as wellt s lie phelyel, it would have been an eflicient piece of pterhtri ince. Mr'. Jones' OphAlia was goan' elpetrilaly n dthetelatter portion of it, the mannt r in whli i she gut through the insane are e was afll, ting, and shel-e..ane the ddlTerent sings very prettily. Mrs. Taylor's Queen was very good, but her dress, was in bad taste; it would do very well at a coun- try fair but is not at all adapted for a theatre. We cainnot evonit allutlng to tie tmiany draw:~iltks to the success of the piece, tilat oiriCird on \It it day, anid somie of tlhetn are so trilling, espetially the htinm, fill mtan ter in whicl tl,e s'erea" wri e sh;fted, that it uinly reqtiies to he mlien imned to be avoided in future. In' tie tirt scent in the play, the G iiOt-iilt ot t-ap pear-art L-atI ,thet scene, wh ch' accordini to the book, hltWl be i' a more remmre pa?t of it. platform," wits a room, which spoiled tile effect of 'the speeches; the frst two scenes of the third ret were, for come a anaccountabet renson made one, and when th' ncxt scene drew up, ir ! ,l of th: sta.ge hiin ' relady it appeared as If thie: scene lshifters id cto enquire wlhit scelie ought to htve been there while in Ihe conr?e of tihe.wlhole piece a chair iras a piece of furniture lllH it was quite a favour tol be allowed to see oil the stage. Tis sort of Irnatnigermnol or riathlertunis-n-itnriu mleult, does lll, T'iheiarre mtuch iljury, ilnrd disgusts its best frieudls. \te cil the attention of our nmercantile a,,d ,sau ical readers to tlo. ew isact of partlittitl, r.* eecting the admneasurerent of bhips. It pplleara in our silpplettlri't. We understatld tliai sltre are abolit thlirty hl ,rks on boardl the. ship slsan h olio were •r.ansportedrl for lmutiiiny froiiu tihe Iinsla s ,I Beriimudatl, Ballr. lo*os, and.Trilidall, uider tha, 'lavei y Ablolitiuln Act. The notorious Bargo Brush gang of bush rangers, with the diabolical Wait, alias Wale, passed Cowpastures Bridge on Tlinrs lday last, under an escort of Mounted Police, ontheir roulite to Liverpool. 'Tlhe party coii ,istItl of thrtee I. ottl had beeni shlnt dend, anti :vas Iturietd oin T''hursdtay at Sotnrtllua t y; ote ,it tile rellmaiingn two hadil been wounuledl. Iis is tihe Iatng i f '. aillus tilhat flrrd iln -l. Hlove), ,ill loKtgged l t tihe othlier day. lure. At kineon's supeliiltendenti anti conniitted fta sotne tine past so mal1y alrocitiec T'ihey were ,akei hiy tile Miounted Police by str prise, suittewlhere about tlhe head of the Nre peaI River. The Rev. Mr. Cowper, who arrived by the Platina, is a son of the Rev. Chaplain of St. Phillip's. Mr. C. is the first native of the Co- lony who has received a clerical education. A younug mnr of respectable appearance was put hit , tilhe wii, nsi box of tile Su'preltue C?ourt on WV netlllesay, to prove th?ie delivery ot rariuiiui clads, in arn ulndefeutild icase. 'ITh itrtY d.tecrilbicl hlil:s-lf as a clerk, hiu? bIy tile illlde ill whliicli he giave his rvidlence, oljpeatelt anyi hIi g hIst 'it"u/uej1'i in fit t.ires Mr. Juu i u)ovtluul (lattakjua, li. ly tveir his tnos-) emttil u' i llth, wi'.tt),, if hI' hd hail rl his ' lnorltniiigs " liI, (1 . tsi',,,' .) lii nist iuntniim iiatel .? ve i thawn ' tt hli judidial qil,'stilnl a us g.t,(*., l-ithlt thirtihl,..ult tIhe Ci-lart 5(5thin mntt iin prttylV "wel aiw i.k,"' Uinll hi tepliel, Ilthat it aia lIoliir ilaiullt ' Is .llh;g it ,f;" it wis u mit .ake as hai hai11 latuk Iltt liinil ihat tortning. A nuiulhar iuf lii iliihaitaitlts of Syiliuey have tni'tialitlltl, l (iVt Gavrrii t Illtu ltke mItile rtl l. ill lhe (soist, anil it i le?.it Ilirections. HII l.:, illeticy ltas aigturli,:d his inttnsion oI liriitni i, iit- b i , t, tr i. f,,'. 'lie (,lani tllt t , 