SYDNEY THEATRICALS. . A drama culled the " May Queen" was produced on last Saturday evening. " Henrietta the forsaken"i. to bo shortly produced. The arrangement of the scene- ry is for the " May Queen" not equal to the resources of the house. " Mary Row eyer'' the May Queen was veryy prettily played by Miss Winstanley, who it evincing considerable improvement, ami with assiduity likely to excel ; but she has yet to learn and unlearn much. Mrs. Downes, as Mrs. Pippen, acquitted her- self with , satisfac'ion to the honso. ¡Mackay, as tho Sergeant, entered into the spirit of the character and played with force and effect. Knowles as Bow- yer., looked well. Buckingham wag' rather humorous in the Corporal ; the awkwardness of ihe " awkarri squad' earned a laugh, but whether it was a them or with them we cannot determine. Dyhall played the Drummer, bul we aie compelled now to notice bim as a vocalist, ip which, capacity he may rest assured the " Devil and little Mike's" days are ovcrj and the" British Grenadier«" hate given up the ghost long since. This piece however m ly bet omo a favourilo. " Tom Til" by Winleis was no1 as happy a performance as we auti-ipat. d. Lee is an industrious and a pantomimic actor, but " Caleb Pippin is beyond him ; his powers aro not imflicient lor ¡so extraordi- nary a charauter. Tho performance con- cluded willi A J'' Husband -at' Sight." Mackay and Simmons'"'cbn'racters wore played by Spencer, who,as/a Luver and a dashing Col. too, was qnile out of his élément. . Mrs Taylor .«s '".Augusta Po linski" was hy' far dressed too gi.ily when in disguise; it is a character of li nie im j ortancc, and she delivered one speech willi considerable effect; she introduced when will wo meet love'*-which she warbled admirably, and was unanimously eueored. Airs. Jones p'ayod " Callie rino" in her well known stylo of acting, and by way of utnusemeut to herself, no doubt, iniroduced and endeavoured to sing " Love was once a little boy." We would strongly recommend lo Mrs. Jones not lo distress herself as a vocalist in future. The music of ihe orchestra is uow very passable. Having despatched tho May Queen and Isabelle, let us now bo allowed to enquire " What Next?" At the launch of the ship Shannon at Liverpool, a few da)s since,, a parry on board very narrowly escaped drowning under the loilowing circumstances: - On the hunt being shoved olí, one of Um passenger.« «lung lo the sid» of the ship, in getting in-she dipped and ho was im- mersed in the waves. Had it been ano- ther certain individual of the parly there, would have been very lillie hopes of his salvation. The boat shoved oil'us afore- said, all being fresh and in " high spirits" (a considerable quantity of which they had on hoard) she capsir.ed, and they all providentially escaped a watery . grave, but got a good ducking. Orders we hear have just been received from the home government tor the ex- tinction of the Assignment Board, and that a commissioner with similar powets to the Board has been appoiuted trom home in the person ol Mr. Slade who bus boen for several yearyj past attached to the Hoard. Mr. S. will therefore we are informed, have uow the sole responsi- bility (and a heavy one it is), of acting up io the slrict letter of" the new regula- tions-with a salary increased to £JU0 per annum, no1 more probably th.m the exertions requisite for the duo discharge of the adverso duties of-his »ilice fairly call for. ^Ve havo to acknowledge the receipt of a little manual just issued from Hit " Colonist" press, containing a selection of P-alins and Hymus trom various au- ? thors, and chiefly adapted io public wor- I ship. It seems to be a rep run ot a simi- lar woik for the use of the churches at Islington, 1U33. The typography is neat, and the contents must be acceptable to every devout christian of whatever deno- mination. { A vague report having been circulated that Hie " Salecia" was loading at ihe Mauritius tor Loudon, ;we have lo say that Mion a report is untrue. Tho ;' Sa- lecia is bound by charter to return here -no authentic account aro iu town of |,er arrival at ihe Isle of France. j .MY LOUD LASCELLES". -HOW un- i observant are lha Journals of-the Sister Colony not to enlighten us moitals to the uoftltwanl as to the late of this " Peer in his own righi," as he called himsolf, who quitted tis to take up hi- residence there tor his " natural hie"? Does ho now| sport willi aldeimanic complacency " the] "swag" of gold chain around his neck»j winch caused him in this hemisphere more respect than did his title ? Is he now lolling indolently at the Ship Inn luxuriating on turkies, ducks, iowls and hams, sending out lo his landlord and lady thu tibs and truck for him lo feast upon, while .« his Lordship "--allow« Champuigne, - Burgundy,' ¿berry and London particular to'triukle down his aristocratical guzzle in burling streams - has he served poor Thompson -has he the same penchant for purchasing horses, cattle, or in fact anything tangible, pay- ing by his " Lascelles" cheques on too Hobart Town Bank ? Does Hie muse of Myron sull inspire him, hoping ut ihe same time that his orthography is cor- rected with his higher lli^his ot fancy ? And more than ali, wüere, oh where is the magical lia box 1 has that arcanum been yet penetrated-has the veil been lorn aside, anti admittod to vulgar eyes, the secret of the prison house ? if so 'twere churlish of our soatborn contem- poraries not to enlighten their readers on a subject which has caused so much oa vciliog both here and io the Mother Country. His Lordship having exclaim- ed with Horace Jnvenis Ptntum-it is but [fuir thal we should know somewhat of hi« welfare. - Correspondent. 