FRIENDSHIP AFTER DEATH. GHOST STORY FROM THE FRENCH. The Màrquess de Rambouillet, elder brother of the Duchess de Montanzier, and the Marquess of Precy, heir of the House of Nantouillet, both young men under 30, were intimate friends and went to war together. As they were convers- ing one day upon the other world, and matters of futurity which they did not believe, they promised each other, that whoever died first should bring the news to his friend. Three months after, the Marquess de Rambouillet went to Flan- ders, where the war was then carried on, and Precy, detained by a severe fever, remained at Paris. Six weeks after, de Precy, about 6 o'clock in the morning, heard the curtains of his bed drawn, and turning to see who it was, beheld the Marquess de Rambouillet in regimentals. He left his bed with the intention to em- brace him, and express the joy he felt at his safe return ; but Rambouillet drew back, and said in a sorrowful tone, " All caresses are now out of time. I only come to keep the word I gave to my friend. I was killed not long since, and I now can tell you that all we doubted about the other world is most true. Change your mode of living, and prepare for the world I am in. You have no time to lose, because you will fall in the next skirmish." It is impossible to ex- press the surprise this produced in the Marquess de Precy. He could not believe what he heard. He made a new attempt to embrace his friend, whom he accused of hoaxing him ; but he only embraced the air, and Rambouillet seeing he was incredulous, pointed to the part where he had received his death wound, which was in the loins, and blood con- tinued to run from it. The phantom then disappeared, and left Precy in a state of indescribable terror. He called several times to his valet de chambre, and alarmed the house with his cries. Several per- sons went in, and when he had related his story, they attributed what he had seen to the ardor of his fever, which had produced delirium. They entreated him to compose his mind by sleep, and en- deavoured to persuade him that all he had seen was no more than the effects of a dream. The Marquess was not well pleased at the determination which was expressed to treat him as a visionary, and he repeated minutely all the circum- stances relating to the appearance of his friend, firmly declaring that he had seen him waking. He remained in that opi- nion until the arrival of the post from Flanders, by which they received news of the death of the Marquess de Ram- bouillet. This circumstance being found true, those who had treated the relation of de Precy with contempt began to consider it very extraordinary, and particularly as Rambouillet was killed precisely at the time mentioned by de Precy. It was impossible to account for the occurrence in the natural way. This event having been circulated in the best circles of Paris, many still believed that it was the effect of heated imagination, or a tale of the nursery, but there were some ex- amined the matter seriously, and con- sidered it a matter which time might explain. They looked to the prediction that the Marquess de Precy would be killed in the first skirmish as the test by which the whole story would stand or fall. The completion of that prediction unfortunately confirmed all he had said. The Marquess de Precy having recovered from his illness, and the civil wars having broken out, he wished to be present at the battle of St. Antoine, although his father and mother, who dreaded the prophecy, endeavoured to persuade him not to go. He went, and was killed, to the great regret of his family. FRANKLIN ON HEREDITARY LEGISLATORS— was not greatly dissimilar to what the pre- sent are has been called upon to witness Loid Chatham had in reduced a " Provisi anal act for Settling the Troubles in Ame- rica." Lord Sandwich, one of the ministers assailed it with violent and disdainful abuse ; refused to believe it the genuine production of any British Nobleman ; and, turning with a significant look to Franklin, who was present, declared it was doubtless the pro- duction of an American, and of one who was well known as the most bitter and mischie- vous enemy of Great Britain;" and in the end the bill was rejected, without being allowed to lie on the table. Those who re- member the rejection of certain late mea- sures, merely because it was supposed they were approved of by O'Connell, will admit that the present Peers are worthy of their progenitors. Let us hope that the present age will not allow their Lordships to lose Ireland as they helped to lose America. " To hear so many of these hereditary legis- lators declaiming so vehemently against, not the adopting merely, but even the considera- tion of a proposal so important in its nature, and offered by a person of so weighty a cha- racter ; to hear them censuring his plan not only for their own misunderstandings of what was in it, but for their imaginations of what was not in it, which they would not give themselves an opportunity of rectifying by a second reading, to perceive the total ignorance in some, the prejudice and passion of others, and the wilful perversion of plain truth in several of the ministers ; and upon the whole, to see it so ignominiously re- jected by so great a majority, too, in breach of all decency and prudent regard to the character and dignity of their body, as a third part of the National Legislature, gave me an exceeding mean opinion of their abi- lities, and made their claim of sovereignty over three millions of viruous, sensible people in America seem the greatest absur- dities, since they appeared to have scarce discretion enough to govern a herd of swine -Graham's History of the United Stales. Theatricals-New York. La Somnám- bula- The most splendid inspiration of Bellina's mastermind was produced at the Park Theatre with a success at once perfect and deserved. In the whole course of our play-going career we never remember to have witnessed a performance more capti- vating. The music is rich and varied be- yond all precedent. Such perfect harmony, such exquisite melody, such finished instru- mentation, has, at least to our judgment, never been surpassed. From the rise to the fall of the curtain, the mind is kept in con- tinual excitement by a succession of passages so beautiful, so brilliant that the least of them might serve to make the fortune of an ordinary composer. The general performance of the Opera deserves the warmest praise. The orchestra, which is usually well conducted, acquitted himself admirably, and the chorus having been carefully trained, was much better than we have yet heard it . Mr. Wood surpassed himself. The music of his part being less florid than the compositions of the modern Italian school, suited the quality and capacity of his voice precisely, and he rendered it with the most charming effect. Of the magnificent singing, and still more magnificent acting of Mrs. Wood, we can scarcely speak in measured terms of praise. Though she gave full scope to her extraordinary talents and genius, yet in no instance did she overstep the modesty of nature. All her efforts were tempered by judgment and discretion. To be justly ap- preciated, she must be seen in the character of the Somnambulist-New York Morning Courier. ANECDOTE OF LATIMER.-It is related of Latimer, that when he once preached before the tyrant Henry VIII. he took a plain, straight forward text, and his sermon as- sailed those very sins for which the monarch was notorious ; and he was stung to the quick ; truth always finds a response to the worst man's conscience. He would not bend beneath the authority of his God, and he therefore sent for Latimer, and said, " Your life is in jeopardy, if you do not recant all you said to-day, when you preach next Sunday." The trimming courtiers were all anxious to know the consequence of this, and the chapel was crowded. The venerable man took his text, and, after a pause, began with a soliloquy, thus: - " Now, Hugh Latimer think thee, thou art in the presence of thy earthly monarch-thy life is in his hands, and if thou does not suit thyself to his fancies, he will bring down thy grey hairs with blood to the grave ; but, Hugh Latimer, bethink thee, thou art in the pre- sence of the King of kings and Lord of lords, who hath told thee, ' Fear not them that kill the body, and then can do no more ; but rather fear Him that can kill both body and soul, and cast thee into hell for ever!" Yes, I say, Hugh Latimer, fear Him." He then went on, and not only repeated what he had before advanced, but, if possible, enforced it with greater emphasis. What was the consequence? Henry sent for him, and said, " How durst thou insult thy monarch so?" Latimer replied, " I thought, if I were unfaithful to my God, it would be impossible to be loyal to my king." The king embraced the good old Bishop, ex- claiming, " And is there yet one man left, who is bold and honest enough to tell me the truth!" It has been asserted that the Duchess de Berri has been delivered of a daughter, which had died. The second part of this news is totally false; the mother and child enjoy perfect health.-Augsburg Gazette. 