LAUNCESTON POLICE INTELLIGENCE. Monday, Feb. 1, 1836. James Kavanagh, was charged by constable Carmen with being drunk. Fined 5s. Constable Carmen, charged Mary Ann Rawlings with the same offence, this lady had two beautiful black eyes, commonly called a pair of peepers, which she said were gratuitously given her by a publican's wife, who re sides in Wellington Street, she was fined 5s. Robert Ranfree, was sent to the house of correction for one week, to cure his rum drinking propensity. Geo. Clarke, and Michael Dunn, were charged by consta ble Allford, with being so glorious that they were found opposite the jail on Sunday morning at two o'clock in their buffs, and hard at it Fined 5s. Thomas Croft, a jolly jack tar, paid the usual penalty for being half seas o'er. Edward Morriss, assigned to Mrs. Lette, was severely repri manded, for being in a state of intoxication at the Scotch Kirk yesterday afternoon. Tuesday February 2, 1836. George Reece, a seamen be longing to the Thistle, was fined 5s. for being drunk. John Gratton, assigned to Mr. Benny Rogers, District Consta ble, warged with having done that he ought not to have done — id est. with being very drunk ; the prisoner had taken a leaf out of his master's book — he was troubled with the spirit, but was not drunk — he had had a glass — upon close ques tioning, he had had two — how- ever, he declared that he was not drunk in his own estimation —not quite drunk; the magistrate, how ever, thought that punishment was deserved, and awarded to the prisoner four days to the cell, and to be fed upon bread and water. Thos. Cooper, a man of color, assigned to Mr. Robert Taylor, of the Macquarie, was charged by Mr. Hardwicke, with being absent without leave, and disobe dience of orders— Mr. Hardwicke sent this man on Friday to his master, with a filley he was en trusted with:— instead of going— he placed the filley in the stables of Mr. Brand, and absented him self until yesterday morning, when he was seen by Mr. Hard wicke, and given in charge to the constables. The prisoner pleaded, that the hard rain had prevented him from pursuing his journey, although the rain had not fallen until Sunday, and then, not so abundantly as to prevent his returning home. The Ma gistrate remanded the prisoner until his police character could be obtained from the district to which he belonged. Mr. Commissary Smith, charg ed Thomas Robbins, a seaman, belonging to the Protector, with lurking about his premises, and enticing his female servant from her duty. This plaintiff stated, that he found the prisoner in an improper situation with the wo man, about half past 9 o'clock last night; and that, upon asking him what he was about, he made use of very indecent language, & attempted to strike him ; after submitting to his abuse for up wards of 20 minutes, he followed him into town, and gave him in charge of a constable. The Ma- gistrate fined him 5s. for using indecent language, and required him to find sureties; himself in £20, and two sureties in £10 each. Mr. Smith remarked, that Mr. Gunn had already disposed of the woman. John Saunders, assigned to Mr. Thos. Dudley, was brought up with the watch house cases, upon a charge of insolence. His master not appearing, and the prisoner's character being very bad, he was retained to the service of govern ment, and recommened not to be re-assigned in this town. Thomas Evans, and Michael Jordan, both free, were charged with fighting in the streets, and swearing. The constable swore, that the prisoners used very bad language, and tore down the pail ing opposite to Mr. Titmouse's, which they used as weapons against their antagonists. Jordan denied being drunk, and said, that the constables would make any one drunk, by beating them about with their staves ; but, from his conduct before the Magis trates, it was evident that he was not a very peaceable citizen. The P. Magistrate fined Evans 5s , and Jordan 15s., and gave them a few hours time to pay it Wm. Sparks, assigned servant to John Sinclair, Esq., was charg ed with larceny, in stealing from his garden, vegetables valued 1d. Prisoner pleaded not guilty. John Farrant, sworn — I am gardner to Mr. Sinclair; I had occasion to leave the garden yesterday, in the afternoon, and on my return, heard a whistle ; upon going into the garden, I discoverd the pri soner run from me; holding in his hand a white cloth; from it, he dropped some onions which I picked up- the prisoner es caped over a fence; I had been asked by our men for onions, which I refused to give; they told me they would have them; the prisoner so told me; the onions were worth 1; l am sure it was onions that he stole. In consi deration of the prisoner bearing a good character, and having lived with Mr. Sinclair since he has been in the country, upwards of five years, the Magistrates sen tenced him to only 2 months labor in chains, and to be returned to his master's service. Mr. Jonathan Ives was charged by constable Bass, with a gross violation of the law, in having driven a horse in a cart through the streets without reins, on the forenoon of the 27th January ul timo; the informer's evidence was supported by the constable; Charles Walton, who swore that he saw Mr Ives riding in a cart on the day stated, in Wellington and Charles Streets, without reins to the horse; that he walked round the cart, and saw there was no reins on the horse, and "Jonathan Ives" painted on the cart. Upon being examined by Mr. Ives, this witness swore that Wellington Street crossed Charles Street. That he looked on the cart, & saw Jonathan Ives painted on it; he did not know it was his name, but was told it was; The time was between 11 and 12 o'clock. Mr. Ives called several witnesses, who swore he had reins on the horse at the time he was charged with being without them. And that he backed the cart into the gutter at several houses he called at to take up & deliver goods, sitting in the cart, with reins. One witness, John Connolly, swore, that "P. W. Walsh," was painted on the cart. Another witness, William Cheeseman, a servant to Ives, deposed to harnessing a horse on the day in question, on which he put reins, and delivered it to his master, who was absent three hours, and returned it to him with reins on the horse, as he harnessed it. He produced the reins, which were short, and constructed to buckle on the bearing rein, and declared, that any person not knowing it, would suppose the horse to be without reins, on passing it. Much irrelevent conversation took place between the defendant and the informer during the investigation, which terminated in the defendant being fined 10 s. Henry Stephens, of Bathurst Street, baker, was charged upon information of the inspector of weights and measures, with sell ing a loaf short of weight. John Assbreath, being sworn, said — I went to the defendant's shop, and asked for a 2lb. loaf; Mrs. Stephen's served me with a loaf, for which I paid 5d. No one was with me; I gave the loaf to constable Price, who said it was not weight; I should know the loaf again if I saw it ; (loaf produced) that is the same loaf I purchased ; the loaf was not weighed in my presence. By defendant — Mrs. Stephens said to me, when I purchased the loaf, ' will this do;' I said, ' yes;' I asked for a 2Ib. loaf; I did not ask for a small loaf; I cannot tell whether or not any part of the loaf has been taken off since I purchased it; I have before purchased bread of you, and once had it weighed ; I thought, when Mrs. Stephens asked me if the loaf would do, that she meant the shape of it, and not the weight; I paid 5d. for the loaf, which is the price of a 2lb. loaf; I never did buy such a shaped loaf before of you. By the Bench — I saw the loaf weighed afterwards, in Cum- mings's shop ; it was not out of my possession from the time I purchased it until it was weighed ; it was deficient in weight more than the weight of four penny pieces ; it does not appear to have been broken since. Mr. W ales was about bringing forward the evidence of a consta ble named Price, in whose name the information was laid, when the defendant objected to it, upon the grounds of his having been present during the trial; the Police Magistrate, concurring in the jus tice of the objection, his evidence was not taken. The chief police clerk produced the standard scales and weights belonging to the office, and weighed the loaf, which proved to be 3½ oz. defi cient of the legal weight. George Smith, a bailiff of the Court of Requests, deposed to having received the loaf from Price, and weiged it at the time, when it was 3 oz. short. The defendant threw himself upon the mercy of the Bench ; but wished to call for the evidence of other bakers to prove that the ill-shaped loaf was not of a common con struction, but of a fancy descrip tion; that did not come under the denomination of bread, subject to the all scrutinizing observation of the inspector of weights and measures : Mrs. Stephens, he said, had made use of the words, ' will it do ;' meaning to imply, that it was a fancy loaf. Howe ver, the Bench thought it would not do, and fined him in the low est penalty— 20s., it being his first offence. Mr. Thomas Williams not ap pearing to an information laid against him for selling spirits, &c.;, was fined £10. Mr. Henry Dowling pleaded not guilty to a charge laid against him, by the chief constable, for selling spirits without a license. The principal witness for the in formation not appearing, the case was dismissed. Mr. Adams answered to a summons for riding upon a foot path. No prosecutor appearing, the case was dismissed. Robert Samuel, a youth, was sworn in as a constable. Wednesday, Feb. 3, 1836. John Graham was ordered to the cells for 4 days, for assaulting constable Richards, in the exe cution of his duty. James Oakey, Wm. Camworth, and Cornelius Murphy, severally paid the usual fines for being in toxicated. Thomas Webb, assigned to Dr. Seccombe. for gross insolence to his mistress, was sentenced one month hard labor in a road party. Joseph Hayne was charged with absconding from the Snake Banks road party — 12 months addition to his original sentence. Thursday, Feb. 4, 1836. Henry Smily and John Clarke were each fined 5s. for being drunk. Francis Austen, assigned to John Tildesley, was charged with a like offence — sentenced to a cell for 24 hours, and to be re turned to the service of the crown. Thomas Kelly, of Wellington Street, was fined 20s. for causing a cart to be driven through town, not bearing the name or residence of its owner. Friday, Feb 5, 1836. Several bakers of this town appeared to day, upon informa tion, charged with exercising an unusual degree of liberality to wards the public, whose burthens they considered so heavy already, that they did not wish to add to them by making the loaves too heavy. The office was nearly crowded by numerous members of that respectable and philanthrophic guild. Among the rest, we ob served our much esteemed friend. "Alderman Evans, Jfom the City of London;' his appearance, since we last had the pleaure of seeing him at this office, was altered in every respect for the better; he seemed to have quite recovered from the fright he received from 'the ghost,' on the morning of the 1st ultimo, whilst hailing with rapture, the dawn of the year 1836. that glorious era, in which the voice of liberty is to re-echo from pole to pole. He wore the cus tomary ensigna of the order with the exception of the ghost proof musical stick, from which constable Richards received a be nefit on the night of the 'spook being opposite Mr. Ives'— th inexpressibles were covered with a snow-white apron, and looked very grand indeed ; he had t peat How of spirits, and hi* feel ing cert linly did him honor o 1 the occasion, for while he sympa thized with his good natured brethren in their misfortunes, he inwardly rejoiced, that the honor of 'the Cily of London' was not called in question; he remained along with the brethren during the trial, and awaited the issue of the proceedings with great anxiety. George Williams being called, was charged by constable John Price with selling two loaves of bread that were under weight. like a sensible man, he acknowledged his error, and was fined 20s. Samuel Story was also charged with the same offence, to which he pleaded guilty, and giving a donation of 20s. for the support of his Majesty's MIS- SIONS, left the office. Antonio Peregalie, was then charg- ed with being over kind in the distri bution of the loaves and fishes. Mr. Robt. Wales, inspector of weights and measures, conducted the prosecution on behalf of "the Majesty of the People,' and Mr ?orne for the de fendant. The two unfortunate loaves in question were "weighed in the balance and found wanting." We re gret that want of space prevents our giving the full particulars of this inter esting performance, but we beg to as sure our numorous renders, ih it ft really wn«' Bleu »nd haiik' ilironjfh out 'I ho counsel on both sides ncle t ?heir part, in n manner limt would do honor lo Westminster Hull. 1 her - n-vrc hut two witnesses examined— the fiisi, John Price, proved hr to having- bought the bread nt defendant's shop— nnd the second, George Leith, provid that Price went in witb einp ly Imnds, nnd returned with a uiir* «af,whif!i was ' s«i G;i.' Leith on be injr culled to give his evidence, pro duced a BRI- F, which being- obseiva liy the defendanl's counsel, was lm niedintfly objected to — poor kelt was BrIKfI.Y ordered by the Uevichto Iny it down, which lie as BRIEFLY did. lioth the Witnesses were exnmined— cross questioned— and re- eiamiDed nt great length by the learned gem emeu, who were well verse i in the tactics of the lega profession— the poor fellows were scarcely wcrih picking wlien the Lawyers were done with then— ther^ were many subjects treated on in ibi* ense, from tlie t«o loaves that were perched on the chimney piece ; ha geut emen digressed, and began dig cussing the merits of blscuils, cakes, 2 id. loaves, twists, pan chken, Indies fingers, lolly po'pi,, Bnd dee', knows what 'Jhe Rpnch (reserved Their gravitY with much difficulty, during the lime thr. different actors in this comic furce, were going through their vuiious evolutions, and put an end to lhedibft!e,by ordering tile defen uflut (o pny 31. and costs. John Hilton and James Coulst ck, bakers, were each fined 2l. and costs, for selling underweight. Mr. A. Waddle, of the Sand Hills, was fined 5s. & costs for allowing his gig on the footpath in Wellington street. Saturday, Feb. 6. 1836. George Baskerville, John Sweet, William Fel lows, and John Bowlan, were severally fined 5s. for being drunk. Constable Allford was bound over to keep the peace towards his wife. Richard Rue, assigned to Mr. L. Jordan, tailor, [??] information against his master, for discharge ing a fowling piece at him, this morning, at 1 o'clock— the charge is to be inquired into on Monday next. 