TH.E Tli-EA'FRE., Wp at»i:nd«'d the Th»«tre on Monday hist ; and ii ts » mutter of surprise to u», why people should not better encourage so rational »» »n)u»- men', especially the per. f»rmances «-f Monday evening. — Ellen Warthnm an»t Uucle J^bo. Certainly t be first piece is one dial (toes honour to the mrilur ? atcri us it Will l»*'t fnt mt-ff_ tt{l*l't-t trreiU credit on the man-ijjer. fhf part of EUpii Warthsin by BIrc. Meredith w«s acted wish much feeling flnd elegancr, and ih« parting with hor ehilctffB was excellent. Palyivr's iiersouifiaatjon of Cresford was 1 _TyjaiWu»i,«ij-.,uiJiLjwatmiMwpwBMBB»BBeaw»aaBi«M beyond our expectation : nnd were he a: little more gentlemanly in his deportment, vh*r woold stand fair to rival any one we li«v« t,ffvt\ \wt in that lin«. We would advise tin? manager t ? talk a little to Messrs. C*p ! p«r and Arabiu as to their being so dh-j gracefully mipeifect in th«lr respective] characters, ami we beg leave to hint to Mr.' Capper that a little more attention to dress would b£ better- The other characters were tv'pectably sustained. Meredith's Dick 'must not be forgotten: his rich vein of comic humour displays itself fully in this . character. Uncle John closed the evening's , jw%.w a vi iiiuuvv ? ujl«l culm no UBHttl EUUUi Comparisons are odious ; we have seen two or three persons play Hawk, but never one to bad as Mr. Grove. , ' On Wednesday, the tragedy of Hamlet was performed to a somewhat better house. The part of Hamlet by a well-known ama teur was well pet formed, but we thought we had seen him to better advantage. ^Me redith's Ghost was well dressed, and he read the character well ; but his Momus looking figure does not exactly suit so grave a character. We were glad to find he did not double with the part of Laertes as before, but we should liked to have seen the part as well sustained. The Queen by Mrs. Meredith possessed both dignity and feeling, and one great point with this lady is she is always perfect. The rest ef tha cha racters, (not forgetting Mrs. Clarke's Ophe lia, which is certainly one of her best per* fortnances,) were well supported. Lovers' Quarrels concluded the evening, and as Meredith was the Sat.cho, of course it went off well. We see Giovanni in London is advertised, and we have no doubt that with Meredith's well known exertions, it will be got up in such a way as to give us a treat. 