EXTRACTS. TO LORD GLENELG. My Lord Let me not disturb your slumbers too rudely; I will address you in a whisper and on tip- toe. At length I have succeeded in penetrating the recesses of your enchanted shade. The Knight who roused the Sleeping Beauty could not have witnessed arranger marvels in its progress than he who has at last contrived to obtain an interview with the sleep- ing secretary. The moment that I had passed the Foreign-office an air of profound repose seemed to pervade Down King-street, and as it approached the portal of your department, It was with difficulty it could resist the narcotic influence of the atmosphere. Your potter is no Argus. .. His calm, broad, thoughtless aspect, breathed repose," and when he " flow from his bench rose, was worn with sleep," I almost imagined that, like his celebrated predecessor in the Castle of Indolence, he was about to furnish me with a night- cap, slippers, and a robe de chambre. I found your clerks yawning, and your under secretaries just waking from a dream. A dozy, drowsy, irony hum, the faint rustling of some papers like the leaves of autumn, and a few noiseless apparitions gliding like ghosts, just around me that the business of the nation was not neglected. Every personage and every incident gradually prepared me for the qui ' event presence of your matter mind, until, adroitly stepping over your private secretary, nodding and a recumbent a', your threshold, I found myself before your Lordship, the guardian of our colonial empire, stretched on a easy couch in luxurious listlessness' with all the prime voluptuousness of a puritanical Sarrinnapalas. I I forget who was the wild theorist who enunciated the absurd doctrine that " ships, colonies, and commerce, were the surest foundation of empire. What an infinitely ridiculous idea) But the march of intellect and the spirit of the age have cleansed our brains of this perilous stuff. Had it not been for the invention of ships, the great malady of sea sickness, so distressing to an indolent minister, would be unknown; colonies, like country-houses, we have long recognized to be sources only of continual expense, and to be kept up merely from a puerile love of show ; as for commerce, It is a vulgarism, and fit only for low people. What have such dainty nobles as yourself and Lord Palmerston to do with cottons and Indigos 1 Such coarse details you Olly leave to Mr. Poulett Thomson, whose practical acquaintance with tallow is the only blot on the scutcheon of your refined and aristocratic Cabinet. Although a grateful nation has seized every opportunity of expressing their confidence In your Lord, ship and your colleagues, and although myself, among more distinguished writers, have omitted no occasion of celebrating your exhaustible panegyric, it appears to me, I confess, that scant justice has, hitherto been done to the grand system of our present Administration, and which they are putting in practice with felicitous rapidity and their habitual success. This grand system, It would seem, consists of a plan to govern the country without having any thing to do. The meritorious and unceasing labors of the noble Secretary for Foreign Affairs for the destruction of English influence on the continent will soon permit his Lordship to receive his salary willmot any necessary attendance at his office, Lord Morpeth has nearly got rid of Ireland. The selection of your Lordship to regulate the destinies of our colonies insures the speediest and the most favourable retails in effecting their emancipation from, what one of your principal supporters styles, " the' unjust domination of the mother country ;" and we are already promised a Lord Chancellor who is not to preside over the Chancery. The recent government of Lord William Bentinck will, I fear-, rob Sir John Hobhouse of half the glory of voting India; and the municipal corporations, as they work as well as you anticipate, may in due season perils- Lord John Russell to remove his relinquished lyre. Freed of our colonies, Ireland, and India, the affairs of the Continent consigned to their own insignificance, and our domestic policy regulated by vestries and town councils, there is a fair probability that the First Lord of the Treasury, who gave youyourcon genial repose, may be relieved from any very onerous burden of public duty, and that the Treasury may establish the aptness of his title on the non lucendo character of its once shining cnfTers. Vive la Ragalellel His Majesty's Ministers may then hold the Cabinet Council!, to arrange a while, bar dinner at Blackwall, or price for an excursion to Richmond of Beulah Spa. Such may be the gay consequences of it Reform Ministry and a reformed Parliament I No true patriot will grudge them these slight recreations, or hazard even a mariner at their sinecure salaries. For, to say the truth, my Lord, if you must remain in office, I, for one, would willingly consent to an inactivity on your part almost as complete at could be devised by the suited genius for sauntering of yourself and that energetic and laborious nobleman wliutiimmoned you to a worthy participation in his councils. AfFairs, therefore, my dear Lord Glenelg, are far from disheartening, especially in that department under your nive circumspect supervision. What if the Mauritius be reslifT-iel the inhabitants cut each others' throats that will ultimately produce peace. What if Jamaica be In flames we have still East India sugar, and by the time we have lost that, the manufactory of beetroot will be perfect. What if Colonel Torrens, perched on the Pisgah height of a joint-stock company, be transporting our fellow countrymen to the milk and honey of Australia with out even the preparatory ceremony of a trial by jury let the exiles settle this great constitutif nat question with kangaroos. What if Canada be in re- bellicose not the menacing spectre of Papineau - For the suppliant shade of the liberal Gosford scare I your Lordship's dro uns. Slumber so without a pang, matt vigilant of memories!- I will still you a fresh pillow with your unanswered letters, and insure you a certain lullaby by sending to you one of your own despatches, RUNNYMEDE. -Times, March 12. Paisley- Er.KCTioN-,-The Glasgow Herald expresses an opinion that Mr. Hastie will be returned and whilst complimenting this gentleman on the possession of a conversational powers." naively adds that he displays them to much advantage in canvassing the inhabitants. Mr. Aytoun ii, however, con- fessedly The more popular candidate. His lectures are admirable. It is said that the following dialogue took place between two weavers, at a recent meeting at Charleston cent of them, a small laird, who had a house and garden of his own, observed to the other -"I say, Tainmas, we'll soon get it a our own way non-fuc, we should have pledged Mister Aytoun to support a bit division o' property. When that comes around I'll chaps Sir. Fulton's house down by el "-Peter, " We'll, We'll, if too takes Mr. Fulton's I'll e'en take tillie "son which the lard, with unaffected passion, exclaimed-" You common thief, would you really lay hands on precate proper!) ¡" Rise of Pricks. We learn that some curious evidence has been given to the agricultural committee on the subject of the connection between the late rise in the prices of all commodities, and the operations of several of the joint stock banks lately formed. When one commodity experiences a rise in price, or another a fall, we are entitled to attribute the circumstance to the proportion between the supply and demand j but when all commodities rise, this can only be accounted for by an excessive supply of the medium by which they are me sured. Weare aware that the Issa of 2 of this bank of England, in the long run, determine all other issues; but it is to be borne in mind that banks consisting of numerous shareholders may carry on operations for a long time at a loss to themselves, without any injury to the public than this ear and ultimately by the mischief of overtrading, which must sooner or later be felt. We are unwilling to excite unnecessary alarm in the country ; but we are of opinion that the sooner attention is directed to any impending danger, the less extensive will be the mischief it may occasion. We understand that some influential members of the committee were any thing but satisfied with this evidence of a general rise of pi ices Morning Chronicle. Throughout the neighbourhood of Timolin, Moone, &c;, in the county of Kildare, many writs of rebellion have been successfully executed, and the effect is described as something " magical" in bringing defaulters within the last of the law. Those upon se From the writs were served, and who are stated to have been driven off to Alby gaol, were not Individuals compelled by poverty to evade the payment of the tillie due by them ; they were' strong farmers," and " very respectable I" men. How hard-hearted not to sympathize with them! Some notion may be formed of the moral state of Ireland under the tuition of the reverend and pious Popish priesthood from attending to the calendar the assizes. At those of Tipperary, a few days ago, the calendar exhibited the respectable number of fifty-nine bills for murder 1 In the small county of Carlow, where the devout and exemplary Pallier Maher flourishes, there are fifteen indictments for murder ; numerous aggravated assaults with intent to kill and it is mentioned by our correspondent, as worthy of remark, that in " several counties persons are to be tried for acting as lured murderers I" We have heard, indeed, that the fine peasantry of the south of Ireland will murder any man for five shillings. To show how beautiful In practice is (be identity of institutions in England and Ireland, we need only refer to the trial by jury, which in the latter island is too often but a screen to the assassin. Judge Torrens recently, on dismissing a jury, who jet the perpetrators of a palpable murder, that of Mr Curler, escape, said " It was melancholy that the laws of the country should have no effect; and that, under such circumstances, life and property never can be secure." Yet under finale families are abused for flying from such a country I-Times. On Horse-food.-People generally imagine, when they bear the quality of oats mentioned, that then only desirable properties consist in their bright- ness of colour, purity of scent, and freedom from all appearance of having been damp or heated ; but they rarely advert to the fact, that, when these objects have been attained, their main valleys rests in their weight; and a material difference may be found in samples which, to the hand and eye of one who is not a good judge of the nr isle, may appear to be of nearly the same sort, though the build of the one kind may be several pounds lighter than the other. The following table will show the quantity of meat, which, in ordinary seasons, is usually extracted from certain weights of that grain, and on which (be nourishment to be obtained from it depends : Weight per bushel avoirdupois. 41 lbs. produce in meal 25 lbs os. husk 16 lbs. M oz. 40 " II 6 " In 10 38 ST 12 16 5 36 m on 3 5 13 H 38 " 10 U ., 15 6 85 " H S i, 14 11 That it will be seen that the beast which is fed upon oats of the latter description (which abound in our markets is a loser of about one-third of the nutriment which he would obtain if supplied with those of good quality; and if this be not looked to he will, on a long journey, soon fall off in condition for (the price varies according to the weight, and stable-keeper take especial care not to boy the heaviest. The custom of feeding by measure has thus led to great irregularity in the care and maintenance of horses, and has given rise to a prevalent notion that beans and peas are more nutritive, and consequently more heating than oats; though, according (to an analysis made by Sir Humphry Davy, and inserted in his" Elements of Agricultural Chemistry," it was found that a thousand p iris contained severally (be following portions of matter : Good Seo cb O Us, 771, whole quantity of soluble or nutritive masterful mucilage and starch, is saccharine matter, or sugar, 87 gluten or albumen; Common Horse-beans, 370 ditto, 425 ditto, - ditto, 100 ditto, 41 extract or insoluble matter; Dry Grey Peas 97s ditto, SOI ditto, 22 ditto SS ditto, 16 ditto; time it will be seen that oats are, in fact, greatly superior, weight for weight, to either beans or peas for the average weight of each, when of fair quality, may be assumed as Feed Oats to lbs. per bushel. Horse beans. 50 ,, Grey Peas....60 " and If oats be taken in the present price of 3s. 4d per bushel, or 4d. per pound, the relative value of beans will (then be 4s. 8d., and of peas 3s per bushel. The cavalry allowance to the army is four feeds of a quarters of oats, weighing 46 lbs. per bushel, or 10 lbs, daily for each horse, together with 12 lbs of sound meadow bay. Upon this the cattle are kept in excellent working order, and no horse of equal size and muscle can be maintained in good condition upon less. On journeys he should have an additional feed, with a good handful of old beans, if the work be hard and once a week, when a leisure day on cars, he should, on the previous night, have a bran mash, with an ounce of nitre or common salt in it, instead of oats. When our troops were in the Peninsula, the horses were fed, according to the custom of that country, upon barley and straw, only 8 lbs. of the former being allowed instead of to lbs. of oats, and they thrive equally as well ; the barley being considered in that proportion more nutritive, in consequence of the great amount which it contains of starch, and the smaller quantity of husk. Many postmasters have since party adopted the same plan, for discoloured barley, which is unfit for malting, may frequently be purchased as cheap as fine oats, and the weight of an equal measure is usually one fourth more; indeed, under the late depressed prices of wheat, many inferior samples of that grain have been applied to the same purpose. An account has been published in the " Sporting Magazine, by Dr. Sully, of Wiveliscombe, in Somersetshire, of the mode of feeding, by which his light draught horses, which he constantly uses in single harness upon long journeys at a rapid pace, have been kept for a series of years In high health and perfect working order. The ingredients of the food are divided into four classes, containing different quantities of each, to be used as discretion or convenience may dictate, in the following proportion. : ^ ^ ^ ^ lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. Bruised or Ground Beans, > 3 5 to 5 Peas, or White Corn of way, cut into Chaff... 18 10 U Siraw.ditto . T 10.10 B Creamed Potatoes 5 S 0 0 Malt-dust or Ground Oil 1 0 9 O a Cake Brewers' Grain. 0 0 0 0 Bran. i £2 L 30 30 30 30 Penny Magazine. The very fine first class ship the Heber, 441 tons register', sailed from Spithead on Saturday, with two hundred and sixty- four emigrants; about to set- tle In Upper Canada. This is the sixth ship that had been sent out from this port by the committee acting for the Earl of Egremont and the third party that has sailed under the superintendence of Mr. Bry- done, i Surgeon of more than thirty years' standing in the Royal Navy. Every appointment in this this was of the very best description. The greatest possible cure was taken to provide a full supply of excellent provisions, and an abundance of good water. About 4000ft. weight of pork and bacon, which had been cured at Petworth for this express purpose, was put on board, together with a great quantity of corned beef, prepared at Portsmouth only a few days before. The Emigrants were nearly all agricultural labourers, of good character, from the following parishes and places: -Baikton, Brighton, Burplinm, Billingshurst, Cocking, Dundee, Laving- ton, Eastbourne, Fittlawnrlh, Finden, Goring, O raff ham. North Chapel, Petworth, Tarring, Tillington, Walberton, Witbro'-grcen, Chichester, Arundel, (Sus- sex), Kemptfnid(Gtnuce»tcrshirc), from Norfolk two; from London, three. Four cabin passengers who went out in this ship Times. Ginseng is generally considered by the Chinese physicians are a panacea. All that grows in Tartary J as the property of the Emperor, and he sells a quart lily yearly to his faithful subjects, who have the privilege to purchase it at its weight in gold. Enormous quantities are consumed by the Chinese, who consider no medicine good, if it be not a constituent. When li rsl brought from America the profits were five hundred or six hundred per cent., but it has declined so much of late at hardly to be worth the first cost. Keating's Canton. Marriages by Porisu Priests. Among the sea vices rendered to the State during the recent session by the virtuous majority of the Hume of Lords, none has been more essential to the maintenance of reformed Christianity, particularly in Ireland, than the rejection of the bill sent up by the Commons for facilitating marriages by Roman Catholic Clergymen. Among the many resources by which Popery is sought to be extended in both countries, none would be more effective than the bill we are treating of, if it had passed into a law. The anxiety of Roman Catholics to wed will Piolestntit females, may not be generally known, but nothing can be more one than the fact, and for this reason, because if the husband should fail of converting his wife to his own faith, which failure is very rare, the father can control his children to his wishes and make them Papists, thus rendering marriage a recruiting instrument to the strength of Popery, and taking from Protestantism that very strength in morals,, religion, wealth, and numbers. A more powerful means of encreasing the number, of Roman Catholic, and in the same ratio diminish- ing those of Protestants, could not have been devised, and our obligations to the Lords for defeating, this project cannot be over rated Warder. "By the will of Lord Snodcs, his tenantry have had a year's rent due in April next, remitted. The amount is said to be about £10,000. Several tenants will be benefitted £1000 and £1400. Globe, March 21. Rise on Prices We learn that some curious evidence has been given to the agricultural committee on the subject of the connection between the late rise in the prices of all commodities, and the operations of several of the joint- stock banks lately formed. When one commodity experiences a tree in price, or another a fall, we are entitled to attribute the circumstance to the proportion between the supply and demand ; but when all commodities nie, this can only be accounted for by an excessive supply of the medium by which they are measured. We are aware that the issues of the Bank of England, in the long run, determine all other issues; but it is to be borne in mind that banks consisting of numerous shareholders may carry on operations for a long time at a lost to themselves, without any other injury to the public than that caused ultimately by the mischief of overtrading, which must sooner or later be felt. We are unwilling to excite unnecessary alarm in the country ; but we are of opinion that the sooner attention it directed to any impending danger, the less extensive will be the mischief it may need" iron. We understand that some influential members of the Committee were anything but satisfied with that evidence of a general rise of pt races.- Morning Chronicle. Yearly Journal on Thank The Yearly Journal of Trade for the year 1836, edited by Mr. Charles Pope, has just been published. It it accom- pained by, a map of all the countries and ports with which the foreign trade of this kingdom is carried on. The contents of the volume are very numerous, and embrace almost every thing connected with the trade of the British empire with which it is important to be practically acquainted. Beside a mass of miscellaneous information preliminary to the more immediate subject of the work, there are their teen chapter! containing an account of navigation, ship's, boats, sea apprentices, Sec; an account of imports, exports, consuls' feet, a description of Europe in general, of Asia in general, and of Africa and American general, Davis's Straits and the Greenland whale fishery, ice. These chapters are followed by a supplementary notice of British foreign ministers abroad, foreign ministers in England, governors of colonies, and British consuls, and the whole it completed by an index. " The design," says the editor, " is to give an annual expose of the state of trade in general ; more especially to show whence, and in what ships, how manned and navigated, and in what packages goods may be imported and warehoused, and what duties are to be paid ; how goods may be exported, what drawbacks and bounties granted ; likewise to supply a synopsis of the other regulations touching merchants, shipowners, brokers, and all persons concerned in maritime affairs." The great merit of a work of this kind must depend on its accuracy, and the authenticity of the documents from which the information has been derived. He. Pope appears, at far as it it possible, from a general inspection of hit volume to form an opinion, to have executed his task with fidelity, and to have conferred a useful favour on the commercial men of his country Times. Information was received at Lloyd's on Thursday, from their agent at Jersey, stating that an act had patted the States of that island, sanctioned by His Majesty's Order in Connell, ordering that, from the 25th of March last, all vessels anchoring in the road, either compelled by stress of weather, or for orders, would not, as heretofore, be compelled to pay harbour dues, providing they do not discharge any part of their cargoes, and only take on board provisions for the use of the crew, Sec. The Pore and the Churches find in the Journal des Debats the discourse pronounced by the Pope in the secret Consistory of the 1st January. His Holiness is in much tribulation at the general condition of the church-" The ills befallen it not only have not diminished, but are augmenting day by day to such a point that we know not how to suppress the grief with which we are overwhelmed." We have not room for the whole document but we select a few passages from it relative to the Peninsula, in which the venerable Pontiff complaint of the irreverent treatment of his authority and the spoils- I turn of the Romish church, with more reason, though in terms not very different from those in which Lord Winchelsea speaks of that of Ireland has' Yon are not ignorant of the calamities which the miser- able state of Spain, hitherto to distinguished for his religion, and in respect for the holy tee, have brought upon the Church of that country is . . The affairs of that Church having fallen into confusion, they have commenced to decree measures which violate its rights, they have pillaged it sub stance, tormented its clergy, and shown contempt for the authority of the Holy See. Laws have been enacted depriving the bishops of their right to cen- sure books, and authorising appeal from their decisions to lay tribunals. A commission has been issued for the general reform of ecclesiastical affairs. The admission of novices into convents has not only been forbidden, but monasteries have been suppressed, their wealth placed at the disposition of the government, and themselves withdrawn from the jury diction of their superiors and sent back secularised into the world. Add to that the banishment of pas torn from their dioceses, the expulsion of curates, violent oppression of all the clergy, and contempt for ecclesiastical immunities and privileges" His Holiness proceeds to say that he had done everything in his power to redress the injuries to the Church and to the chair-of St. Peter; but that, nevertheless, we say, with grief and in spite of ourselves, the cries and complaints of the apostolic voice have obtained nothing I" Reference it made in terms equally bitter to Portugal. The resistance in that country to the sacred power of the Church of characterised '* as disgraceful to a nation which gloried to obey King's honoured with the title of very faithful.' of Globe 