Original, C correspondence \- To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR-A correspondent in the last True Colonist asks " in what way is Mr. Stephen's character connected with that of Mr. Row- lands ? Is it by the estimate of Mr. Stephen's reputation that Mr. Rowlands stands or falls ?" By chance the other day I picked up between the jail and Mr. Attorney General's office two little documents, of which I will presently place a copy before you. Mr. Stephen, to use the words of " Umbra's" other half, " has the misfortune to hold a considerable salary," much against the wishes, and violently opposed to the interests of the Colonists. Well, this unfortunate is, or would be a kind of demi-god in Botany Bay, a leader of all, and a machine to put the puppets of creation in motion. Leading as he imagined he did society, Mr. Stephen was of course particularly select as to his associates, and none but the most virtuous and most talented were guests of his table, or proper friends to visit in the splendid saloons of the grand jury of Van Diemen's Land. Now the first memorandum I read of the two picked up was as follows: My dear Rowlands Enclosed is a letter of introduction to my brother, if you wish him to return your call, don't forget to leave your address. I wish you a pleasant voyage there and back, and I hope sincerely that Mrs. Rowlands will derive benefit from the triple great haste I remain your's truly ever, ALFRED STEPHEN. T. W. Rowlands, Esq. My dear Rowlands ! Oh how friendly-how loving was not the Attorney-General ? My dear-" your's truly" for " ever the very essence of kindness and then to introduce him to his brother at Sydney-how kind hearted-how Very considerate. Not only did the protector of morals in Botany Bay minor invite the " little particular" as a guest of his own, but kindly introduced him into society in New South Wales. The " talented English gentleman," (oh !) Alfred Stephen, Esq. thought Mr. Rowlands not only like himself, " gentleman, one of' &c.; but admitted him as an equal in private life, and yet Alfred's ghost, " Umbra," asks-" In what way is Mr. Stephen's character, connected with that of Mr. Rowlands ?" There is an old saying, " Tell me what company you keep," me, and so it is with Mr. Stephen he, we learn, is a talented English gentleman, though " he never went within a mile of an university." Mr. Stephen being a gentleman, of course kept company only with gentlemen, and consequently he kept company with " little Rowlands," for by the rule of two, if one is a gentleman the other must be so also, or they could not have been social friends. Sorry indeed should I be for Mr. Rowlands, or any man in this Colony, were he to stand or fall " by the estimate of Mr. Stephen's reputation." r The second memorandum that I picked up is" written in pencil, on a small piece of paper " Mr. Alfred Stephen introduced his brother, Mr. John Stephen, the late Accountant General to Mr. Rowlands as a client was it because Mr. Rowlands' introduction to the Stephen's of Sydney had made him most intimately acquainted with the whole family affairs in New South Walesa" Now, t Mr. Editor, I am but a common kind of man; and possess what I imagined common sense, and my conclusion from reading the two documents is, that if Mr. Rowlands was a gentleman of sufficient standing to associate' with the great Attorney-General six months since he is eo,oow-for I have heard nothing against Mr.s Rowlands' character, and if there is any thing to be said Wyley does not the s^ealjiq^^tsassiñ-l^e, writer^"-Umbra," or his more generous enemies, come forward boldly With the charges/and let the" public Judge thereof The fact is of- Sditpr, that one-half, the bad feeling now existing between these parties is caused by Alfred Stephen being of (Grand Jury, Attorney General, f and private practitioner, and if music evident, that had His Majesty's Attorney- General no', been allowed to practice as a private, practitioner, Messrs. Rowlands( and Stephen, (would have been news of bosom' friends," as they Were before; Alfred would have styled his friend, of my dearness particular," t and little Rowlands would have called the" other, fancy dear Alfred the Great: Had; Mr Stephen only been Attorney-General and Grand Jury, he would not have been in a situation to injure' killed and a client, by" shewing a letter to a third party, which letter was sure to cause ill-feeling." ' But enough, for one of the two gentlemen alluded to, I, have read has neither a heart for a friend, nor, a hand for any man. Yours, " *»#w»wwl' 