Domestic Intelligence. We have been given to understand that a very sudden change has taken place previous to the sailing of the Elphinstone. It appears that the Lieutenant Governor attended a meeting of the Infant School last week, at which, among many other luminous speeches, Dr. Browning, Surgeon of the Elphinstone, made one which was remarkable for eloquence, as well as evincing much holy zeal and phi lanthropy. After an harangue of an hour upon the gratifying subjects of religion, edu cation and morality, the learned Doctor pro nounced another exordium of nearly the same length and with the same pious fervour. After such a display, it would appear that proposals have been made to the worthy Doctor to be come a Missionary, and the Lieutenant Go vernor in order to supply the place of the learned orator in the Elphinstone, has hit upon the happy expedient of shipping Dr. Turnbull for the voyage home ! ! ! 'No arrangement could possibly be made of so suitable a des cription. In this manner " Political Economy and Prison Discipline" will be so handled, that the professor of the former science at Cambridge, may fly from his chair in dismay, and Archbishop Whately, the Anti-Prison Discipline man, may give up the ghost ! ! ! Fifty reams of foolscap-twelve quarts of the best Japan ink- one thousand quills-and forty pieces of blue tape have been ordered on board, together with Rees's Encyclopedia, all the Police Records, the Newgate Calendar, and in short every standard work, bearing upon the above important topics.-Correspon dent. A general meeting of the shareholders of the Theatre met yesterday, for the ostensi ble purpose, as the advertisement has it of taking into consideration the proposals that may have been made " for the letting (renting) the Theatre." The hour appointed was 2 o'clock, but very few had even arrived at past three, when we left the meeting. From all ap pearances, the advertising for tenders to rent the Theatre was a sheer piece of humbug, as the Secretary stated to one of the three parties who did tender, that it was little use his going near the meeting, as almost all the share holders had promised Mr. Cameron. Indeed, so certain was Mr. Cameron of obtaining the lease, that Mr. Chorley had actually told peo ple that he had rented of him the saloon and wine vaults. It is very evident that unless great care is taken, the whole concern will be yet a miserable failure— nor can it be won dered, when people act so inconsistently as to insult the public, by calling for tenders, when in fact, the theatre has already been promised. One of the three parties knew not the name of one single shareholder, whilst the Secretary had given an imperfect list to Mr. Meredith, and Mr. Cameron, who by the bye, has given us a specimen of his abilities as a manager, was the only individual selected by the builder, the Secretary and the Committee, as a proper persons to be made fully acquainted with all the particulars. If this is doing business in a straight forward manner— we know not the meaning of the term straight forward. If the shareholders are bound to Mr. Cameron by a promise, in Heaven's name, do not deprive him of that to which he is entitled; but then do not make a farce of the thing, and impose upon the people, by making it appear the most advisable tender would be received. Our readers must recollect that va rious allusions have been made in this and in other journals to certain affidavits sent to Downing-street, through the Government, by Mr. Mason. It was Dr. Turnbull who first told Dr. Ross that Mr. Mason had perjured himself in certain affidavits-this was repeat ed by Dr. Ross to Mr. Lascelles, who after wards accused Mr. Mason boldly of the offence, and openly offered to prove him so to be guilty ! For this purpose Mr. Lascelles corresponded with the Government in order to obtain copies of the affidavits, and he had also interviews with the Governor relative thereto. Colonel Arthur gave Mr. Lascelles to understand that he had the affidavits, and that no such charge could arise out of their contents ; and at last, because Mr. Lascelles demanded the copies as a right, Colonel Ar thur said he should not have them at all, and then ordered Mr. Mason to commence an ac tion against Mr. Lascelles for slander. Now all these things are publicly notorious facts. The other day, however, when Captain Arm strong was prefering his charges against Mr. Mason, before the Executive Council, His Excellency took occasion to say that he had seen in the public prints a great deal about some affidavits respecting Mr. Mason and Greenwod's affair, but for his part he knew nothing at all of them, nor had he ever seen them. Now from the above one of two things is certain, either that the history about the affidavits was an invention of Dr. Turnbell's -or Dr. Ross-or Mr. Lascelles, that is, in other words, one of these gentlemen invented " an odious or wicked lie," to injure Mr. Mason, or else the assertion of His Excellency is untrue. We do not presume to decide with whom the falsehood rests, but to one of the four most certainly does it affix. Probably in the course of a few days we shall learn more particulars. Mr. Lascelles' charges were dis patched by the Vibilia, and in those charges references were made to the said- to-be-existing affidavits; if the Secretary of State, in his reply, refers to those affidavits, then Colonel Arthur will have told an untruth ; if on the contrary it appears no affidavits of the descript tion are in the office, then indeed it is pos sible the history of the perjury in the affida vits is a wicked invention. Time will shew. Correspondent. As the Surveyor General has not inti mated to the public the change made for some time past in the routine of the duties of his office, we consider it imperatively necessary so to do, in order that the " unfortunates" who may be subjected to undergo the ordeal of passing the Survey Department and all its intricacies may not lose more time than they already do, in walking to no purpose to the top of Macquarie-street. Be it known, there fore, that George Frankland, Esq., is to be consulted at the house of that eminent artist, Mr. Bock, in Campbell-street, at any hour be tween ten and three o'clock daily, where he is at present busily engaged in having a full length likeness taken of his exquisite person. From three to five, the indefatigable Surveyor General will be found indulging in aquatic amusements, and learning to steer clear before the arrival of Sir John Franklin. From five to half-past six o'clock the over-worked and ill-paid Gentleman is to be found taking a turn around the beauteous walks of Secheron, or making his toilette for the night. From half past six to eight, dinner, and all its pleasures, occupy his time, and from eight until eleven, coffee-conversatione-music-singing, &c.;, fill up the space, until repose after the fatigues of a well spent day is required. In the morn ing a constitutional walk-playing with the children-breakfast, a ride on the long tailed Arabian to the residence of Mr. Bock's at ten o'clock, concludes the daily journal of the amusements of the Van Diemen's Land Sur veyor General. The remainder of the twenty four hours is spent by the great man in at tending to his vast duties in the Survey Office. -Correspondent. The Theatre closed for the season on Sa turday last, and we believe will not be opened till the new Governor is expected to arrive. On the whole, the theatrical season has been a favourable one : the public have been de lighted, and we trust that Mr. Meredith has received an equivalent for his praiseworthy ex ertions. On Saturday last, Hamlet was per formed to a very respectable audience-the part of Hamlet by an Amateur. Tragedies are seldom performed with effect at small theatres, but considering the size of the theatre, and the strength of the company, Hamlet most assuredly, was exceedingly well got up. Each performer seemed perfect. The Amateur lacked a little " stage trick," but with this exception, and now and then a fail ing in firmness of voice, his performance would have done for any boards, save those of a metropolitan theatre. Port Phillip.-We have important in formation relative to the Port Philip spec, by the William from Sydney. Captain Lonsdale, upon the sailing of that vessel, was upon the eve of leaving Sydney in charge of a consider able number of troops, to take possession of the settlement, under the orders of General Bourke, accompanied with officers of the dif ferent public departments. We have not time to furnish full particulars of General Bourke's arrangement-it is however positive that the land will be surveyed forthwith, sur veyors being appointed for the purpose, and will be sold to the highest bidders, without re gard to the titles of the present occupiers. By private information we learn that His Majes ty's sloop of war, Rattlesnake, was preparing to convey the materiel of the Government to Port Phillip, where it was understood she would be ordered to remain, to assist in form ing the intended regulations, and to protect the settlers. From a private source we learn likewise, that a great many persons from Syd ney are preparing for a removal, with a large quantity of stock, to the new settlement. Cornwall Chronicle. Dr. Boss is always crying out that Colo nel Arthur does not requite his editorial labors in a sufficient manner. He says he has stood up for Colonel Arthur for ten years, and now his patron is about to leave him without offering him an address of thanks. Poor Slop !-how miserably inconsistent are you. The Government printing for ten years has been your "sop in the pan,"-by that jobbing work you have obtained five thousand pounds a year of public money, and now for sooth you would accuse your patron with in gratitude. Could he not at any one moment have withdrawn the printing from you, as he was ordered by the Secretary of State some years since ? It is you therefore that are un grateful to your patron, and not he to you. Besides, what services did you ever render Colonel Arthur ? When any important ques tion has been discussed, if you have interfered therein, have you not always put your foot in it or been floored ?-indeed so much so that on one occasion when some public question was likely to be mooted, did not a high influential Government officer request of you for Heaven's sake to be silent, for that you always b- every thing you meddled with ? And now, old Slop, if you want a home thrust, pray what service did you do to your patron when you told that most deliberate lie about the ca veat to the Carrington Estate ? This Journal merely mentioned that Mr. Curr of Circular head had put in a caveat,-this was only pub lic intelligence and might have there ended ; but you, poor man, in taking your patron's part foolishly, so took his part as to absolutely cause two others to be prepared, and which Caveats are ready to be presented when the present one before the board is disposed of; was this serving your patron ?-for such foolish interference in a bad cause are you a creditor of Colonel Arthur's ? " Fair play is a jewel." We owe His Excel lency nothing ; we have always done our best to shew up to the public the evils arising from his system of Government; and he in re turn has always done his best to annoy any one connected with this Journal. Had we, like Dr. Ross, been receiving benefits from his hand, we should at least have acted con sistently, and if we could not say any thing in his favor, at any rate we should not re proach him with ingratitude, especially when the debt of gratitude would be due from us to him, instead of he being our debtor. We might here remark that Dr. Ross has fre quently been calling upon the Government to put some stop to the licentious press, as he is pleased to term all Journals but his own. How truly amiable is the feeling of the worthy Doctor ; because forsooth he cannot triumph antly support his patron's cause, either from imbecility or indolence, he would fain cut the throats of all who dared differ in opinion with his patron and himself! Talk of licentious press indeed-the Courier, Dr. Ross's own journal, is the only newspaper in Hobart Town whose proprietor has been found guilty of libel by a Civil Jury of his countrymen he, Dr. Ross, is a nice kind of gentleman to talk of putting a gag on the press, when he is fully aware, (although he may swear to the contrary,) that the independent press is paid for by the people, whose organ it is, whilst his own and another journal are alone sup ported by the authorities for Downing-street purposes. In an article headed Colonial Times, as abusive as most articles in the True Co lonist, the Editor by an unlucky chance ex poses why it is "The Journal of the People," attacks week after week Messrs. Hackett and Rowlands. It would appear, that in addition to the inducement, that Messrs. Hackett and Rowlands, whom he designates as "siamese twins," being obnoxious to his patron, that he himself, the Editor of the journal is per sonally venting his own private feeling, for he " recommends them, (the twins) to with draw their impudent advertisement, by which they continue, week after week, to attempt to insult the Editor of the Colonist."-Oh jem iny criminy!-what, a Journal of the People!" Of what is the people composed ?-of Alfred Stephen and the Editor of the Colonist-ergo, the Colonist is " a Journal of the People." Correspondent. We believe that " the Plate Gang" have called a meeting of subscribers at the Mac quarie Hotel. Of course Lolly-pop Jack and Jamie Grant will play first fiddle on the oc casion, whilst most of those who ought to be conspicuous will rather perform base ! Of those who attend we shall procure a list, and give their names, with the particulars of how much public money they have each openly re ceived, and of how much land has been given to them, contrary to the regulations and orders of the Secretary of State. We fully expect a splendid shew of all kinds of tools-perhaps Colonel Arthur will himself be present ; if so, we shall certainly propose him as presi dent, and either one or the other of his two nephews is of course best suited for vice. Correspondent. We understand that a new Banking Es tablishment may be shortly expected to arrive in this Colony from England. The prospectus is already published, and the capital named six hundred thousand pounds. The Liver pool people are the getters up of the establish ment. What with the Old Bank, the Derwent, the Commercial, and the Goliah (not to say anything of Mr. Watchorn's forthcoming cur rency bank) Hobart Town will be almost as plentifully supplied with banks as it is with gin shops. The more capital there is in circulation the better, provided always that all the profit made by its circulation does not leave the Colony. The political economy man, Dr. Turn bull, Colonel Arthur's Private Secretary, whose salary is paid by the Colonists, has been trying hard to get up an address to his patron from the Presbyterians. All his exer tions were futile-that respectable body of Co lonists laughed at the exertions of the Doctor, and told him plump and plain that they would do nothing at all ot the kind. The political economy man then applied to a few select friends of his, to ask them to get up a requi sition for a public meeting of the Presbyterians ; but being told it was a folly, he said,-" Oh! never mind, draw out the requisition, and let one or two sign U,land ¿f WmmÏ pur purpose J We understand that Captain Armstrong, dissatisfied with the decision of,thpse Sptampns of the South-the Executive, Councillors, fin the case of Mr. Mason, but still more, so wjth the offensive mannerim whicbAtheir sapient decision was communicated to* him, is deter- mined, not only in submitting the whole affair to the Home Authorities, î but also in. pub- lishing the correspondence that has passed between himself ^and the Government on the subiect» together with the proceedings on the late investigation, with the*minutes of the evidence, &c.;, &c.; It will be a becoming wind up for Colonel Arthur's Government. Wé have just received the important in- telligence, that no person can be found to sit with Mr. Thomas Mason amongst the present Magistracy ; and as Mr. R. L. Murray enter- tained the sanguine expectation of receiving a " letter of thanks" for, his. valuable, services from the Government^ which it appears he hasx-nöt had the good fortune to be presented with, a favorable opportunity of paying him off has now been found, that of conferring the honor of the Magistracy upon, him ! 11 Mr. R. L. Murray has however been given to un- derstand through a "j>arrtcu'ar" channel, that it is a sine qua non to his accepting the office, the necessity he will be under at all times of visiting New Norfolk, and of sitting with Mr. Thomas Mason,, the Police Magis irate of the District, whenever the presence of two Magistrates is required ! 1Ï-Corres- pondent. V If is generally believed by most of Co- lonel Arthur's friends, that he will be Knighted on his arrival in England. We ourselves think this very probable, for the Chief in Authority in England, knows nothing more of Colonel Arthur, than that he has been a Go- vernor at Botany Bay for twelve years, and such a penance will to them, be deserving of some mark of royal favor. Probably they may , make him Lord Arthur - only think Lord Arthur, how grand ! ! Probably His Majesty may make him a Duke-only think Duke Arthur, and Duchess Arthur, and Lord Frederick Arthur, and all the Honorable young Arthurs-how monstrous grand !-Cor- respondent. ' * Thomas Mason, Esq., Police Magistrate of New Norfolk, has been pleased to appoint Surgeon Baker to be his domestic surgeon and apothocary, and J. P. in waitings-vice Doctor Officer, retired. A more judicious nomination could not have taken place-no man being better qualified for the duties he will have to perform than Mr. Baker.-Cor- respondent. [We admit that Mr. Baker pos- sesses every qualification necessary for the above appointment, but we much fear he will find the duties irksome, Report says he will have to pay dearly for the situation -Ed.] Some few numbers since, we inserted an extract from the Liverpool Standard, of the 5th February. The extract purported to be a portion of a letter, written by one of the Members of Colonel Arthur's Council of Fifteen, and a most disgraceful parcel of false* hoods it contained. It is easy for one man to morally assassinate the character of another, or of a multitude defaimng him or them, at six- teen thousand miles distant, and there are no means of prevention-so has this Legislative Councellor done ! He has attempted to in- jure the Colony and the Colonists, by giving publicity to a parcel of falsehoods, which it is impossible to contradict. We dared the writer to come forward and acknowledge himself of course he has not attended to the chal- lenge, and sneaks away from public censure, leaving the odium ' attached most unques- tionably to more than one of his fellow Coun cellors. ! The Editor of the'Tasmanian, with his usual tact and accuracy, is pleased no doubt with.the assistance of his friend Mr. Alfred Stephen, the " place maker" to remove Mr. Thomas-Mason from New Norfolk to Camp- bell Town. «This is, as usual, a "feeler," to try the pulse of the Campbell Town Magis- trates. Does the Editor suppose for one mo- ment that the Campbell Town Magistrates would receive the *. cast off" of New Norfolk, and sit on the same bench with Mr. Thomas Mason ? If he does he is egregiously mistaken. \--.Correspondent. The public generally are nq| a ware that positivé brders from home have been received toseirthe whole of the Government paddock, the Government garden, and the two Govern raentfárms at New Town j the paddock is to be sold in allotments ! We should strongly recommend thatV street should be run in a continuing line to Liverpool-street,' till it reached the Derwent, where of course there would be another street* at the water's edge, inclining round the point.* 'In front of Liver- pool-street, or wther that portion extending towards the sea, there can be np objection to the disposing 'of by sale ; but the back part of the paddock ought to be reserved as a park for the holiday folks. When the sale is ad- vertised, we hope the inhabitants will bestir themseh es ; however, there is no immediate danger, as<the " slow-going" department will have something to do with (the affair. The Government cottage at Launceston is, we karn*, also ordered for sale - we think it but proper that "the Governor should have a residence in the principal towns] and that'the cottages might be kept (add we believe are kept) at 'trifling cost. It is the farms and the job- bing gardéhsi not the public pleasure grounds which allow so much pilfering of public money. ' ' The sale of Colonel Arthur's live stock at Carrington, went off much better than was ever expected, even by. Colonel Arthur him- self ! ,One can imagine, that the prices re- alized must have been enormous, when it is recollected, that Colonel Arthur asserted, that the sale at Government House» was a com Elete sacrifice of property-on which occasion, e it remembered, cows of common breed with their tails shaved* fetched on an aver- age, (as the Tasmanian has. it) upwards of thirty pounds each I r The letter signed " Penny-wise, cannot be inserted, as it is filled with personal abuse ; but as the writer makes an assertion, which, if true, is certainly somewhat extraordinary, we will just quote that portion of his letter.. "Mr. George Stephen is now residing in Sydney, and eatipg his terms articled to one of his brothers as an attorney-he is also Clerk of the Supreme Court of van Diemen's Land, and for which services which he does not perform, he receives a salary of £200 per annum, of which sum, £120 only is paid his deputy." If this be true, it is a pretty con- siderable monstrous piece of little jobbing ! No doubt "the Stephenite journal, the True Colonist, will inform us on Friday next, whether our correspondent is correct in his assertion-if he is, we shall offer an observa- tion or two ; if not,1 we shall willingly con- tradict our correspondent. The letters betöre us relative to the in- fant Curr'8 case are very interesting, but at the same time .present a frightful picture of what sacrifice some men will make to further their pecuniary interests. We shall refer to the particulars of the case at no very distant period, when we can devote sufficient room for the various points. The reference to the Widow Garrett'8 affair, if anything, is still more disgraceful ; however " every dog hath its day," and such things cannot last long. We have been often accused of inserting squibs in this Journal, which are admitted by all to be amusing, but not always quite cor- rect. Now, we have a whole regiment of cor- respondents, and we cannot vouch for the truth of all their comrauications ; but this much we can say, that all such paragraphs as have not the polysyllable, Correspondent, attached thereto, may be relied upon as true to the let- ter-as to j those from Correspondents, the readers must judge for themselves. ' From the Colonist we find that the in- crease of salary to the Presbyterian Ministers, and the promised cut stone parapet wall for the new Scotch Kirk, were so piomised by Colonel Arthur, in order to induce that very influential body of Colonists to present him with a congraulatory Address. The Governor finding there was no address coming forward, has sadly decreased the salaries, and as to the walli Colonel Arthur will never see' it commenced. On receipt of ' the notification of the monstrous decision of' the Executive Council in Mason's,case, Captain Armstrong imme- diately tendered his resignation as a Magis- trate. We believe several others have either followed or will immediately follow his ex- ample. Never was there a grosser insult com- mitted by any body of men than by the Mem- bers of the Executive Council 11 Captain Armstrong. , By an advertisement inserted in the Government paper, ,the Tasmanian, on Fiiday last, it would appear that a grand jubilee is to take place when His Excellency Colonel Ar- thur embarks, and that a splendid bonfire is to be illuminated in honor of the happy occasion. ?? The article from a Correspondent, res- pecting " Joe and Mahogany Tom," is not such an one as ought to be inserted in any public prints ; the consequence resulting from the publication might injure another party than the one intended by the writer for ridicule. » It/is somewhat eaily in the season, but nevertheless it is perfectly true, that Snipe may be seen on the main road to New Nor- folk, almost every day. A Correspondent requests us. to ask what has becomes of " the money levied by the odious dog tax." We really cannot give him any information on the subject ; but we suppose that some person or persons have got possessipn of it, (that is if it be not expended) , and that he or they intend to devote it to their own private use and benefit. 