TEGG'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. WE extract the following interesting article from Tegg's Magazine. The story of Fisher's Ghost is rather a remarkable affair altogether, and we have reason to believe that the facts stated in the narrative are all well authenticated. It is well told, and entirely colonial-; and we confess we like any thing that relates to the colony, in a work professedly colonial, much better than even stories or narratives of a superior kind, copied from English periodicals. We want a literature of our own, and the attempt to create such a thing is at all events creditable, whatever be its success. FISHER'S GHOST: A LEGEND OF CAMPBELLTOWN. [The incidents related in the following tale must be familiar to many of our readers, especially to those in Campbelltown and its neighbourhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the state ments; the inaccuracies; however (if there be any), can only be of minor importance; the principal por- tions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appear ance of Fisher's Ghost, contenting ourselves with simply telling the tale as it was told to us. Most of those concerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testimony to its truth.] Reader, have you ever paid a visit to the town; or rather the village of Campbelltown?' If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We recommend .you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from experience of the pleasure we have felt when domiciled in its comfortable little Inn, enjoying a few days' relaxation from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there you can dispense with our description of its neat little church, its straggling appearance, and its pleasant situation, in short, of all the beauties-which it -presents to a toil-worn dust blinded Cit on ,his first visit-and enable us to come at once to the subject matter of our tale. The visitant to Campbelltown must have observed as he strolled through the village, a large unfinished brick building, fast mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended at the time of its erection for a store; its appearance, however, shows, that what ever may have been the intention in erecting it, some thing must have intervened to prevent the accom plishment, of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, .and the freshness of the grass which covers the award around it, shows that, whatever the cause may, be the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the surrounding cottages. The unfinished building and the land which surrounds it were the property some few years ago of a man named Frederick Fisher, who occupied an adjoining cottage; of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner, he had served his time in the employ of a gentleman in the neigh- bourhood, and had removed to the town, when he obtained his ticket- of-leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our tale, he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone the sentence which had been awarded to him by the laws of his country. He had also soon after he became free obtained a grant of a; town allotment, and had commenced the building referred to, intending on its completion to occupy one portion of it as a dwelling- -house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the commission of the offence which had led to his transportation. His relatives, enraged at the disgrace he had sub- jected them to by his misconduct, had taken little notice of him after that period; and as he could put no trust in those whom he saw around, placed in circumstances similar to his own, he had, conse quently, formed no friendship, which might have enabled him to pass pleasantly his vacant time; his education also, had been much neglected in his youth by those very relatives who were so liberal of their censure after he had gone astray; it is not, there fore, matter of surprise, that his time should have, occasionally, hung heavy on his hands. His own fireside presented few attractions to him ; his conduct, since his arrival in the colony, not having been such as to afford him much gratification in the retrospect; the resolutions of amendment he had made whilst in jail and on the passage out, had melted like snow, when exposed to the demoralizing influence of the example set by those around him. Fisher, like most. of his class, flew for refuge from unpleasant recollec- tions to the society which the neighbouring taproom afforded, and sought for that which he found not at home, in quaffing the flowing bowl. The necessary consequences of conduct such as this soon became apparent, his business, to which, on gaining his freedom, he had paid strict attention, was now neglected, but instead of endeavouring, by ex ertion, to extricate himself from the difficulties which began to surround him-he plunged yet deeper into a life of dissipation, frequenting the purlieus of the tap both night and day. His inevitable ruin became soon so apparent, that his creditors resolved no longer to brook delay, he was accordingly arrested and lodged in jail, at the instance of one of their number, for a debt of 150l. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow the bad example of others to lead him astray, he was yet far froim having reached that pitch of depravity: which many of his associates had attained; although he had neglected his business, and spent in dissipa tion those means which ought to have been, applied to the liquidation of his debts, he had yet sufficient; moral principle remaining, to shudder when one of his drunken associates, named Worral, suggested the expediency of entering into a scheme to, defraud his creditors, by making over to him the whole of his property which yet remained; making, at the same time, a private engagement that it should be restored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the jail. The persuasions of Worral, who represented to him the ease and safety with which he might thuis revenge himself on his creditors and regain possession of his property, without any incumbrance, soon overcame the feelings of repugnance whichl he had at first felt, and he consented to make a transfer of all he pos sessed to Worral, under these conditions; Mr. P. at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding that he was not the owner of the property he had supposed, consented, after some time,to his liberation, as the only means by which he was likely ever to recover the amount of his claim. Fisher, imme diately on his release, returned io Campbelltown, exulting in the success of his scheme. About a week after Fisher's ' return; he left his house one evening with the- intention, it was supposed, of resorting, according to his usual custom, to some of the neighbouring ginshops? Morning came, but his continued absence excited no surprise, as it was supposed that he had got so drunk the pievious night, as to be unable to return home., As the day wore on, and no signs of his appearance, a neighblour went to inquire at the various public-houses whether he had been there. He had not been at any of hiis usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous evening. Many conjectures were made as to the cause of his protracted absence; but no feasible reason could be adduced until the afternoon when Worral returned from Sydney, whither he said. he had accompanied Fisher on the previous evening, who had sailed early that morning for England, in order to avoid the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troublesome to him, some of them having even threatened to lodge him again in jail. This was corroborated by the fact,that a vessel did sail for England on that day. Worrall's state- mant set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat as to the~cause of'Fisher's disappearance, and he was allowed to take undis puted possession of the property, on producing Fisher's' conveyance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten or never alluded to, except by the deluded creditors; who consoled themselves for their loss, by venting imprecations and forming resolutions, never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's disappearance, Mr. Farley,a respectable settler in the vicinity of Camp- belltown, was returning thence to his residence; he had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no means improbable that his mind reverted to his sudden disappearance, when passing the place where he had so long resided ; be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's statement ever entered his mind. It was about ten o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the moon had risen, but her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from five to eight hundred yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognize distinctly, the features of' Fisher, whom he had supposed then far on his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assuring himself that he had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on his nearer approach, struck such a chill of terror to his heart, as chained him motionless to the spot. The figure as he gazed, rose from the fence, and waving its arm, pointed in the direction of a small dry creek,which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, ap-. parently following the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered, the faculties of Farley at this sight, defies all powers of description ; the state of stupefaction he left the spot, and endeavoured to obtain an entrance into the nearest house. How he managed to find his way to the.house he has no recol lection, but just as he. approached it, his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his head striking the door as he fell alarmed the inmates, who on opening it found him lying in a death-like swoon ; he was carried into the house, where he lay for a whole week. in the delirium of a brain fever. The frequent mention of the name of Fisher in his ravings attracted the attention of those who attended him, and conjecture was soon busy at work to ascer tain what had driven him into such a state ; his known character for sobriety, as well as the testimony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before forbade the supposition that it had been caused by drunkenness; and rumour, with her thou sand tongues, turned the villagers' heads with vain conjectures as to its probable cause. On the morning of the ninth day of Farley's ill ness, he awoke after a long and refreshing sleep in the full possession of his senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the Police Magistrate should be sent for. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee who then filled the situation of Superintendent of Police for Camp belltown and the surrounding districts, was sent for, and came immediately on being made :'aware of the circumstances. To him Furley disclosed what he had seen, and the suspicion of Fisher's having met with foul play, which that sight had impressed on his mind. As soon as Furley was able to leave his bed, Mr. Howe, accompanied by a few constables, among whom was a native black named Gilbert, went conducted by Furley, to the placewhere the apprition had been seen. On closely observing the panel of, fencing pointed out. Mr Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was commenced to discover, further traces of the supposed murder, but nothing. more was observed. It was thought advisable to trace the course of the creek, in the direction to which the apparition had pointed, and in which it had dis apdeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gilbert was directed to explore with his spear; he carefully examined each as he approached it, but the shake of his head deno ted his want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched the standers by observed his eyes sparkle, as he exclaimed in a tone of triumph, while yet at some distance from the pool, "white man's fat sit down here ; " as soon as he reached the bank of the pond, he thrust his spear into the water, and atter some search, he pointed to a particular spot in the water,saying" white man there."' The constables were immediately set to work to clear away the water, which was soon effected--and on dig ging among the sand the remains of a human being in an advanced state of'decomposition were discovered. It became now obvious to all, that Fisher, (if the re mains were really his), had met with an untimely end. Suspicion alighted on Worral, who was the only per son who had reaped any benefit by Fisher's death; and it was remembered also that he it was who had first propogated the story of Fisher's return to England. Many circumstances, corroborative of tihis suspicion, flashed on the minds of the neighbours, which until now had escaped their notice. Mr. Howe caused Worral to ble arrested, and the suspicion being con firmed by a body of circunstantial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court for the murder. The conviction that retributive justice was now about to overtake him, had such an effect on his mind that he confessed his guilt. His reason for so barbarous a proceeding arose from the transaction mentioned in the former part of the nar rative. Fisher overjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he had defrauded his creditors, forgot to regain possession of the deed of conveyance by which he had made over his property to Worral. The thought occurred to Worral, that if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim possession of the property in right of that conveyance; this project had repeatedly occurred to him while Fisher was in jail : and he had resolved even then, either to regain possession of the private agreement which compelled him to restore the pro perty whenever it might be required, or to get of him entirely. Foiled in his scheme to obtain possession of this document by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ultimately accomplished. Under the mask of friendship; he was Fisher's compananion during the day--and, night after night he watched Fisher's motions from the time of his return from jail, but had accidently been foiled in every attempt he had made, until the one on which the murder was committed. On that night he was as usual prowling about Fisher's cottage, looking out for an opportunity to attain his ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed at some distance by Worral. At the place where the blood was afterwards dis covered, Fisher stopped and leant against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now before him the opportunity he had so long waited for, and taking up a broken panel of the fence, he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched him lifeless on the ground ; he carried the dead body from the scene of the murder to, the place where it was afterwards discovered, and buried it deep in the saud. A few weeks after he had made the confession he expiated his crime on the scaffold, imploring with his last breath the forgive ness of his Maker. Knowledge is Power-Knowledge is 'Pleasure Knowledge, is Wealth-Knowledge is Virtue Kuowledge is Happiness.--Hymns and Odes--had I ihe genius-would I sing in praise of Knowledge for from heaven descended the voice that said,." Know THYSELF. - Blackwood. Cobbett's STYLE.--His style was his great charm. There was, no doubt, much in his matter, but the style set it off to the. best advantage. It was clear, perspicuous, pure, thoroughly 'English-English drawn from the wells of Saxon undefiled. We do not know any English writer precisely like him. He somewhat resembled Swift, but Swift was graver, and dealt much in irony -- a weapon little used by Cobbett. Something of the manner of De Foe may be traced in his descriptive, but as a political writer, old Daniel was much heavier. Perhaps Franklin, whom he used to call a great rogue, comes nearest to his manner; and poor Richard supplied many of his ideas upon life, manners, and domestic economy. Paine, also, whom he at one time denounced as a ruffian unworthy to live and at another setup as an idol for admiration, seems to have served him for a model. He fancied, or he pretended to fancy, that he was indebted for his vigour and lucidness to his grammatical knowledge of the language, and was fond of roferring to his grammar as a proof of his pro found information. Of the philosophy of language he had no idea -- no acquaintance with etymology -- not a philological notion in his head. We have not looked into his English Grammar for many years, and all we can recollect of it is that the examples chosen to illustrate the rules were amusingly drawn from his political animosities. In order to explain a noun of multitude, or something of the kind, we had " Thus we say a Houseof Commons - a den of thieves." The use of a hyphen was illustrated by "'Reynolds, the government-spy."-Fraser's Mag. INDIAN TIMBER.-Accident has discovered a pro- perty in one of the species of Indian timber, which gives it a value much beyond the estimation in which it has been commonly held. When the ship Thalia was stripped in Kyd's dock, about three months ago, the surveyors, we understand, were surprised at the excellent state of preservation in which they found the timber. In consequence, Capt. Biden unfortunately determined to make a trip to Penang before coppering her afresh, having arranged to do this in a dock that was not then ready to receive the ship. On his arrival at Penang he had the mor tification to find that the worms had lodged in the bottom of the vessel, attacking every species of wood in her, except the Jarrool, which was found to be in a very perfect state, as proved by the specimens we have seen in the hands of a friend. The following is the Captain's account of the ravages of these animals: "I had no idea of the destructiveness of worms, they had even eaten into the treenails which fastened the doubling, but strange to say, they had not touched any part of the Jarrool, neither the stem, stem-post, or keel, which have been entirely exposed without copper, and of course taken its chance with the doubling and there is also a small filling-up piece in the broad of the fore foot, a kind of cedar, which is quite destroyed. They had also commenced their attack upon the Teak doubling (put on in Calcutta to replace where they last opened the ship out in her bottom), so that it really appears that Jarrool has this great advantage over even Teak, thatdthe worms will not touch it."--Calcutta Courier,' Sept. 30. EFFECTS OF TEMPERANCE SOCIETIES.-In a lecture recently delivered at Birmingham, Mr. Buckingham made the following statement concerning the town of Colne :--"He happened to be at Colne, in Lanca- shire, a few days since. Five years ago,he believed it was one of the most abandoned and profliqate places in the country. Shortly after that period temperaece principles found their way into the town, a Society was established, and it was agreed to take beer and wine in moderation ; but as no one could discover the exact latitude of moderation, total absti nence from spirituous liquors was, determinled upon ; and he had the gratification of saying, that out of six thousand inhabitants, one-fourth had come under the rules and regulations of the Temperance Society. A moral change was instantly effected in the character of the people, and out of thirteen beer-shops; eleven were obliged to be given up. Instead of the rioting, noise, and confusion which was once heard in the streets, the people now assembled in a large hall to the number of 1500 or. 2000, to discuss subjects suited to their better tastes, and calculated for their intellectual improvement. Thus the people have not only grown in morality by decreasing in crime, but, have grown in intelligence also ; the places of worship.. are now filled ; husbands have become kind to their wives, and wives faithful to their husbands; while children regularly attend the Sunday schools, and all rejoice under the blessings which the establishment of Temperance Societies have conferred upon them." THE GOLD WATCH:--I have. now ,in my hand a gold watcb,which combines embellishment and utility in happy proportion, and is usually considered a very valuable appendage to the person of a gentleman. Its hands, face, chain, and case, are of chased .and burnished gold. Its gold seals sparkle with the ruby, the sapphire, and the emerald., I open it, and find that the works, with which this elegantly chased case would be a mere shell, those hands motionless, and those figures without meaning, are made of brass. I investigate further, and ask of what is the spring, by which all these works are put in motion, made? I am told that it is made of steel. I ask what is steel ? The reply is, it is iron which has undergone a certain process. So then I find that the mainspring, without which the watch would be motionless, and its hands, figures, and embellishments, but toys, is not gold ; that it is not sufficiently good nor of brass, that would not do--but of iron. Iron is, therefore,, thec only precious metal ; and this gold watch is an apt emblem of society. Its hand and figures which tell the hour, resemble the master spirits of the age, to whose movements every eye is occasionally directed. Its useless but sparkling seals, sapphires, rubies, to- pazes, and embellishments the aristocracy. Its works of brass, the middle classes, by the increasing intelligence and power of which the master spirits of the age are moved; and its iron mainspring, shut up in a box, constantly at work, but never thought of, except when it is disordered, broken, or wants wind- ing up, symbolizes the laborious classes, which are ignorantly and superciliousiy miscalled--the lower class, which like the mainspring are wound up by the the payment of wages ; which claims are wound up in obscurity, and though constantly at work, and ab- solutely necessary to the movements of society as the iron mainspring is to the gold watch, are never thought of except when they require wages, or are in some want or disorder of some kind or other.- American Paper. 