1VIATrTER FURNI5!IED BY OUIL Reporters and Coriespoudeflts. SUPREME COURtT,-CIVIL SIDE. TUrI DAY, MAIRCII ls'r.-Berore Mr. Julhice lHuriu, iiiad Nfi rsrt Wiilcre untl Sbsidforth, as a t'nors ,'tIIud V. lIJ~ae.-J1bl hi8 anli actiozi broitgIkt by Major ilMudie agaihit .~lIa.. Ann Howe, profrie. ,.v tress of the Syn,ty. C.ret-u fior .t libel pihbltled in hw thatpaper retiectinig tilnon the ch:e.ircer of the ( plhintit" ff. p Mr. Solicitor General opened the case ; he said !n that its laying i' before the Court, hite had little more to do, than to rIad the libels which appeared ti' upon the record. Although it might be supposed I. a case of this kind was one for a jury, he thought p neither party might regret the omission, when _, it was brought before a tribunal, composed of as n high minded men as could be found i*this or any is other community. In asking them for a verdict for the injury which such libels were calculated to le inflict upon his client, he would have to read themi " over again, and although tithe vulgarity of the com- t' position might excite a liiigh, yet still it would l shew the disgrace which must be brought upon the community through the degra-led bt·tte in which a a portion of the press was reduced to in this co. lony. A series of libels appeared in the Gasette c during tan investigation Illat took place at the Po lice Office spon the conduct of a person nIunied a Watt, who was now united to the defendant by the d closest and he It u-ted the happiest ties. But what a could be thought of the defendant when they saw n that she allowed the paper to be-prostituted to the C most base and d' r putable purposes; a paper t twhich ought to have been kept for the benefit of her children, but for the gratification of her own passions she permitted it to be mnade the vehicle of conveying to the world a series of scandhilois libels. The person W\att had held a ticket-of,-lcave for Sydney, but /i'hich for certain reasons was changed to Port Macquarie. Mr, WVindeyer, jun. here interrupted the learned s gentleman and apptaled to the Court, whether Mr. Sh licitor could go into matite which was not re. - gularly bef ire the Court. e 1ilr; Justice Burton said, that counsel in stating their case must use their own disc ec:ion. Mr. Solicitor continued, lie woutl take his own course, and notbe put out by any one. The pe. son named Watt was in the Gnacit Office ; true there was another person, a nominal Editor, bit it was well known that Watt was really the writer of the, articles complained of. Mrs.;,l-lowe had followied Watt to Port Miacquettrie, and had since I obtained a license to marry him. In the ordinary course if a wbman married, thei action would have had to be brought against the husband; but the a husband in this case beridgi c oarict;-they had-no other coursc. Iie could not expect that they s would give the same damages against Mrs. [lowse 1had she been simply the proprietor, but when they -sacw-that-shtlentiheliiG of her La ier to anothl-r for the worst of purposes, thie m -asue s o t l air LI timsiages would lie was sure be very dilfferent in deed, fromn whit they other wise would have been d it was imt posible that W\att could Ibe suelrared to remain bihind the curtain. He must drag forward that man, whom the defendantt had so indulged, } merely that shlu might gratify her own amours. a The libels it timay be sd by ::thlO opposite side were Smerely intended :.s iron,uy anti could do nli harm. But hlie w?utl;l read one f the libels, and then ask Swlhether aniytliig cmul I tendl more to bring into n disrspecct thelcharacter of rll. Mludie. (lie then as read theu paragraph which alluded to Mary Chap Smant being about to bring forth, at little Majluor.) sNow (Ihe contiinued) hIl wioult just call their attllen t'on to the sitn'eice whib. h stated that Mary Ciihap ils Imn was erncei,.t, atnti nottut to bring forw;ard an is heir to " Cttle Forbes," but tlht" llC ' hsl been 9, jockied by :: main in a fustian shooting jacket, ihto was well knotwn to be a itman who had been tried ill that Couirt by the name tf l,dden, . These le were two charges co:tained inl the libels. The first e thlit of Mr. Mhdie being gan itm toral ntan, living c with a feitale Irisioner of the Crown. and the in other that of perverting the power lie possessed as na maisrate ton a ver:tl purpose.. The libels were so gross and so pitill that lie doubted whether ever \- su.ch at case had before bectn blrought forward, auln us if they (the assessors) took tile samine view of it, ethey hadnoothier alternative than that of giving a verdict inl favour of his client, .luiliiii been charged with associating with a herd of con. re victs, lie was now about to go bhome to England, s, but with such a charge--hangieg over himt, lihe ,d could not travel even in it coach, swithoutbeing liable to insult. Could it be expected that tiny per son associating with a herl of convicts wol?l bit P- admuitted it good society ? It was their verdict I11 that day which would give to his client a passport Sinto tlie com-pany of-respectthnleu-nr n. 'Tie first witness called was-Mr. Cornelicus SI) elohery. I am ai clerk at the Police Ofice, I o e nemnber certain chargets raving been brought re against Watt, on thie 2thl of August 1835, the it Q, vcstigatinn was prolonued until the th l of Sep tctitl whet ithe cr.t, was disposed oftsl!jor M udie ap ered in supporiT-f- Tli`-pTirucution: -A-?voman le n:lned Mary or Jemima Chapman was expected tot 1C appear, a car.st.,hle was sent after hier but could is not find her. NI .j r Aludie at that time wats c 1\. Miacistrate, I thinik I have seen him acting as such. C Cross examined by Mr. Windeycr, Jun.-1 have it never sein Ilia coutmmission, I can say nothiing po us sitive upon the stlihject. td hi-. 11'n't.. . y...t" . . . . . . ri in the Seerr tary's Office, I produce Thle S,, ducey Gazctte of the 3rd September, 1 have anothcer of the 12th. They t' are signed 1by Frederick Clew Hlaswell, as Editor, re I produce titn aflihavit signed lby Ann Hoi?we, John T. 'h Ioas Giahlit m, and iloranto Wills, asbeing the propriorsof the said paper. 'This was madte itt 1":132, audt cintinued until Septeniber last. Thosi t'papers are thoese whlich were filed pIuraunnt to the c tact. ''lhere has bcein no license for marriage S. passed4hrouglhour ciae, for Watt, he is a prisoner. IPriist ner's leave pass thlrougi Inother office. SStiLphiens and Stokes are the proprietors of TheI lIe oldl it is published twice a neck. S. Cross exatmilncd bIy Mr. Winudeyer, Jun. I have 3- sr.n Mrs. Ilo0ve-write, Ot'Sllaughniessy wats the tE Editor lirevious to Septemnler laist. NMr. ,Vnm. lRMPherson,--I ant Collector cf Inter tInl lcrevenue in the. Colony. Th'iis paragraphi in It The (;a=ette of tihe 3rd September refers to Major Su\ludtie, I recollect hiearing of tile case Mudie v. 'e VWaitt at ithie Police ()llice, this l)paragraph I conisi Sderrefers to it. This paragraph inteinds to imputte to Mludi,, havin,,' got Mary Chapman with child, It The lcaralralth of tihe 121th September, I consider \- refers to Mr Mludie. Tii unift'unded ciharge had d reference to charges which ilnldie hid brought Sagainst Watt. I thinllk the publishing such para grapbs would hive the effect of greatly itnjurilng the cllharacttr of Major MIltdie, as ihaviig been 1- guilty of gross andtl iutnoral conduct. S ('ross examined by Mr. Therry. I could. not al suppose thlatMudie was mn?rried to lMary.In omy Sopinion it was the int'ention of the wri'er to conivey tue Ielitf thitR ijlievwas-hie - father of tie child le At the time I read the paragraph 1 wa' impiressed i' with the bftlief thait some itlprtoper enutnexic n hiad i. taken place between Mludic atd Mary. I think the investigation must have .ulsted six cdays!. Ib is ieve that Watt wiai sellt to Port Ri C:U'trie, I et cantinot say upon wlhat charges lie was fuusnl guilty. LC intlei;stood the little M:,jor to icaun the child of r- Mr. Mudtie. 1 fMir. John Lamb. I see a paragraph in The CGarite,) Sept' 2:ird, tie iled Nttdie . \VWatt.t I et read it whtmn published and have now readcl i:t again I it.h s.r'cfere?itL't to NIuttit's conducct in tlie Ilroie is cuotion ofi itt Itle"iiicIF 1?ice.'t- ?i-Tt'tt' nit gitph iin my opinrion itlmr'tis sexualh inteircourst. wilhl the. woaonuti MNary. lihe articte itntiutes ini. licioiius umotivis on thle part of Mitlie in the con to duet of the prost cation. 'T'he par,'graph heade I SAristocracy, I concelvet aliplies to Mri' I ii i in ciIt. 3 juictiol withli O('Slhanughn tesy, atnd elIf, antl IIenr. Murraiy, who it says proIahltly lost h?l eye w5here the Nbjur ws Wutinded, I drink sutchip'srttgrapthis utast S - be iljutrious, if going hittai, to his iuinmediatt. Sfriods, lie would bet atle to reflte it, but witlhi ai Ic casiltl leader it wouhld be hletlly i .:j iriotts. d Cross exantined by Mr. Wintleyer ,tun. 1 at not aware that Mdlitie writes in 'uThe lhcrald, cer tui?ily not u',t to tIthe tlilne that' thtse tarticlcs iap1 Iupeared, I thIl, iI that since thait lie hcis tohl me thet: sulbsequently te hadi writtn, suumething iin h'/i IHerald ntever thought Mutdlie su wa low acruml on -1.1. It. Ji)u)s t . i C.'-h'he whcl., of the articlaes refer to sr f Mudic tuore or hus.; the asumhicio. ;utie ittlllpttes a cinuexiht. withi I tlry Chmlittanl andit the SCaatlc.Folrbes lio.Ctttttter," hiad reft'c:llce ti tile c IMajior; firom thie (dlibCrelubh' tmiir in wheh 'tie Sesty Gtazelle was coiultlc:tttel, the htfnttlIiiti lallltllter' itl'whic it t -was uIIIntlgtIt 'd Iultt 'er Watt, illn b duectd heit Ecnttus't to t?e the iliperll ito CthLcir ducudtu L?4:t,?'. "' " ' t; " ' ' iii.ii t111i yard ti Watt Isr alit i biu I kisowrthjttlit he (overoiir lead given lierty for t il !Ti l rt e ii tae place; the llillow in the shooting jacket al'lledlto mleant Halden, onle of the veriest w lt:rchi'"t in e.t istence, is ho had assisted WVatt for a considerabeii' time past in writing those articles; 1 think dia such articles had a malignlnt inflence. and I trust that very few of them wvent out of the Cololy, as - people wholl were stia?ngers to us, and u.mongst whal they wtvre circulated, would Ilave huta poor nltionit of our miorality. I have 1no doubt Mi\r eludic is a contributor to The Ileradl. 1ll r Tlherry for the defence, spoke at considehraole length, and entleavoured to how tha:t thelttielks wei e written Illmerely in joke, andl were not lintendel to colnvey any serios illllputation ilIon tihe pltintilf, In the courise of his speech lie o served, that thile man Watt lntd been introduced before the Court in a very unnecessnry way. VlWhen he (Watt) was !linmself before the Court, lie displayell a dtiegieeolo talent, ofwhilch hlie (Mr ',) sehould tt all tiincsfeel cnvious. Mir Justice Burton in putting the case to the Asses. sors observed, that the fewer person allpainted to decile any such question the imore impllorlt.c was. attachled to the partles, they(tle. Assessors) had notling to do with the excitement spoken of by the Counsel, there had been nothing a llldged to prove that Mr MhIndle bad not been influenced by the beat of iliotires in couductihg the ease at the Police SOlicc; the. c was nothing in his pnblic conduct to lpreven Btihn in coming forward to claim such damlages as the case required; it would have been quite competent for the plainltill to have shown that that the defendant hadl not only prostituted I herself esut hlad ilso lent her paper toi furthertil views of a.ml wilo was a prisoner of tihe Clordl; i slh lent lier palper to advocatea quarrel between a iMagistrate of the T'erritory and a prisoncr oftlle . Cown, The matter Sts-charged bolre printafacire ehidence that-it was punblished for the puirliose of hohling illp the "plaiifilt to redicule. There was a priniiple in human nnature which predispolised nle to the rediculous and even upon the most inpor. taut and serious transactions men were disposed !o laugh. After some further remarks by His Ho-or, the Assessors after a 'brief consultation returned a t verdict foir tile plaintiff with £0) Damages,. r The Judge stated, that the Assessors would hlave i given heatiicr damaiiges, had it not been for the de. Stendant'. large family. I AIISTALIAN PATIrtPTIC AssoclATrroN.-Since e ourlrast, Mr. E. Hayes, Editor of the Sydnuey Ga:. ° ettl,-and-Mr. Plaistsowe, attorney, have signified- Y their intention of becoming candidates for the sit. , uation of Secretary to the association. There are y now five candidates. The day of election will be r in about a fortnight. r i-E urt esterday-norsrirn,-the uidern Stioneld ln isoners, convicted during the last crhilin. al sessions of various ofl'ences, underwent the e.t Streice penalty of the law, at the usaFal tinie and, d place,-viz,. .John Trish. John Whitehead.. John Hare, and John Smith. SIllLIrrAY" Mlov.MESINTS.-The head Quarters Slland live comlipanies of the 4th. Reget. under the e comniand of Mlajor England arrived in town fromi * Parralmatta yesterday. One wing of the 17th Itegi. k cnmbarked on boiard the JoulN iIArlnv yesterday no mornilg ; The relnaining wing will eulbalrk on n bo:rd the Lotto Wi1. IIeN"tINCIu. on Tuesday. Thl'e head Quarters of the 28th Itegt. left town yes. ,) terday, fisr the putrpose of relieving the 4th llat Par. i'allllattL. We. We see by The Colonist that Doctors n Osborne and Boyter, both Siiirgepns of the Royal :n Navy, are to act in the character of Emnigration -t, Agents on-their arrival in the Mother Country, n and to come out with cargoes ef their se'ection, e the former with Emigrants from the North of at Ireland. the latter from the East Coast of Scdt. ig land ; if this be the case itis, so far at least uas the -ie tioici~eiT-Agents goes, a judicious procceeding, as and will probably be attended with success, as the re characters of the Agents will depend great' y upon er that, of their several selections. iti Liile they catch that go swuniming willt it, ime.--MNajor Mildie hiforms us .that lie goes home g in tlle B1rothers, Captain Towns, in which vessel it ait -isi7il- rsto-illsfl-oise fle(lhirf r-JT-ticealsa n* takes Iis pas:age ; does the Mlaj recollkct the l W\Vhite Lady of Avenel ? Hie had best beware, se tempting the flood, as lie is about to do, like the. nig Frru withl ai painphlet in his bosom ; his Ionor is r- a very determined character, anid-walk oh deck be lee hlrch-di k nights-andt so on. ice The Ga:e!te of yesterday, after some art deep remarks upon wih t is supposed to have \- ?larre-tenor-of-itn--st-ticle- in-onr-l st, conclud_ S by publishing " that they have just lheaird of Dr. It lutay's death l ithe vicinaget of Twofold Bay.' It Ihen it leas a ghost, and a very healthy looking 'one too, that was lihauuting the streets of Sydncy P- yesterday-a runaway from the Red Sea, insteal lie of a visitor from Twofold Bay. A Deputation from the Provisional-Com mittee of the Australian Gas Light Company, waited yesterday, the 4th proximo, on His Ex- cellency the Governor for the purpose of soliciting His patronage and support in their undertaking. When His Excellency was pleased to signify to the Deputation that He entirely approved of the measure, and that He considered it calculated to improve the conveniecnce and comfort of the metropolis, and that every thing that lay in His power He should feel happy in promoting the in- terest of the Company-- more particularly that He would use His interest with the Secretary of State for the Colonies to allow the pipes and materials to be brought free to the Colony in the prison ships. A meeting of Merchalnts nd others con, nected with tihe interests of Western Analtralis, tr vwas held in London in August last. Captain *. Irwvini 63rd who commanded at Swani River during ie thie absence of Lieut. Goveruor Sterlinig in the Chair, Tire object of the Meetiig was topeomots ye intercourse Ietween-the Colony and London and be a Committee was formed for tlhat pulpose. All coinmunications to be addressed to the Chairman ,.. of thel Conmnittee, Mr. C. E. Mangles; 27, Austli in Friars, London. or On Sunday night Mr. Griffith's of Pitt. street, Cabinet mnsker, was induecedl.on his return i' from Parramautts, to send for a constiible for the te purpose of lodging one;of hid nssigned servants, d. who lad been insolent, in the watclhbouse. Dle er fore the constable arrived the servant armed him' sd self with a turning cliiuel, with whllich he mades hlt desperate blow at Mr. G's. breast. Mr. G. caegkt a- the blow on his arm, and thie ruffian .was instanily ug secured. He lhas been committed to take hIis trial an for the capital offnco. A Meeting of the Sharchohlcrs in the it Australian and _'lnasmanian Steam Counvryauict iy Comipaty was held at the Pultrney Hotel, en ey T'rhursday evening last. J* I. .Montefiore,-Esq. in Id tle-Chair. rhmen a._series cf Resolutionrs iRers l adopted Isaving for their oblject thlergiullltiiinod d thIe alfisirs of the Ceomilipally. t'lioins Wuailker, tq. l wias aiipoln ed ?Trean-urer, ;ro trcil. und I). It, IFuttado, Esq. of Hoblirt Town, iiulthorised to I il ain Subscribers to tihe extenlt of 20., hliaresst Y Van l)iemuea'a Luditl (being thie uiisiber apportioned i for tlhlt ColoIy) and to receive thie ,deposit oa tihe slame a Coutmittee was nIutd for gneerl purpos a antd thie Meet'ng adjiur.ed to tle 13il I May nixt, when D)ireclors ind olher Uflicers uill iiie clilhstn, in tho mielnutiiine thie Coipilany's aiffoi I Snvill be imnaoged throulgh time Cuiiiimnitee ch?eses| " A A1N1'NcE IN TIIE PilICE O1' L.ND.-Tei0 'Allotlmen is iu Kdliln tistreet wsere solIl for , lesats. l onu ii sid Tholiimipson, on I hhlI r . vemnlber, 1831, liy Mlr. SJaiuieli Lyoin'sfor rs t73,3, slinl resoli hIy himn on Ilt lht. to ilr. H li. l. 13as*, for £I)J02, beiig nLt a:vantce of s £22 4!..(- f .. .*. per centt.. A piiece .of Lanli it h)asinhg Ilalsbroiir was soll by lMr, L. for iT-r. Samuel I'lThomlpson on 8th Nlivellberi', 1J34, for £,;0I , and resoll iy hiim oni ht tls I.t i Mr, II. J. 3ass, for 900O, becilg un advaust Sof 125) per ceml. S Iloume.keclpers shouhl heir in miid dtlal they have iso ~reurity ngihlst fraud while they uoe Strnm-o'.ver laves, th h bench having decided that they come uesder tie hlemnomniiuatiti of fancy la hIrcud, and that consequi:ently the bakers may ie inake themi what weithi tihey please. It is stid. thint lHis Excellency his gihen el hisi approbation of a Commerncral ExchBrsl is ICheing built on a piece of vicalcit Innd nearthe II reihlsiece of thie R1ev, Mr. Cowper. The sub, i J et wVill bie brougltl bfclore the Council as soon eit it-eie, - 