R RUM ' .AND. 0RETRI BUTLION . -% LF1 "W'po to him tiatcoveteth an evil covetousnessi toi h lhouse, thatihe may set .his inest-on high,.i thIate m ay be deliseredaifrom the power ofi.evll! Tho u hast' conisulted shaime to" thy houseI.by cuitinig off many people, aind has sinned againtst thy. sotil. Tor the stonhe shall cry out f" the wall, aid', th'e iteai out 'f the ftikmb r 'shall answer it."---Habakikuk, ii.' 9-1i. "Metiishre for measusre'" said the bard ofiAvn, deeply read iii th; social chharacter and histoiy of' man. "' With 'what miniisure ye mete, it shall bei measured toyou again, said He, who by his divine, omnsiscience, read 'perfectly the destinies of every; geineration of the human family. Ob servatioi and rdeelation combine to inform us: of a certain, retribution, and as our paper refers to a courseofaction, inimical to human happiness, the retribution notified, must be sad as it 'is' certain. Retribution 'in this sense, is the wan ghost of a misdeed-'irevisiting its author. The retributioin 6f the distiller and importer is often, observ~tble in' their having been ensnared by the ' poison they'sold to"6others; thus their accumu lated wealth'has dwiidled, their constitutions" have ' bee r ined,: and they perhaps have entered an ,untimely, and an un honoured tomb.: Anon' tlie liiuoirithey sold and recommended, has blecome .ithe'=bane'of a wife, a daughter,-of one,1 or- manil-;iyons. Where the traffic in spirit' has 'been'so'pur~ely, a niatter of mercantile cony sideration, that strong:'drink has never entered:" the house,' and become. an empoisoning parlour guest, yet?ihlias'still marnaged to visit those who have been eirihied bye i it, abstracting many of the ': gains -it' 'ice. bestowed :'And as t'ie lbss of money is more painful than the. gain of it is joyful, so the,subsequent demolitiin of .property. has proved.a.stinging retribution. T?he merchant has found his business neglected, and his affairs erhbarrassed bya confidential, but spirit-drinking clerk;;; hiss best, speculations have been frustrated by' spirit-drinking agents ; his' most valuable-: fishery investments have been deteriorated by spi'it?-drinking crews; he' has suffered loss, by, spirit-drinking debtors,, and he has sustained: damage.. by, spirit.drinking pilferers and ma raiders, in his upla'id establishment. Many in this colony :have made mnoney by rum ; some, have already, left.this mortal scene;. a few remain,'` of these few, '>one or two may 'be innocent of ackiowledged' ill ;" the rest were not ignorant of the evil they were doing. Now, mark" their: state; Have not some been stripped ? is' not' the gold of others, a canker worm at the heart ? do not other'sseqe dissipated children hailing their la, last breath, in order to melt down the money: into rum again ? How rare is the instance'of a fortune' obtained in the spirit trade, proviiig a" benefit to the possessor ? Distillers of 'death and ',venders of woes, they 'are doomed to'the-, mnost' painful -of all retributions, to be mocked' with tie name of happiness, when they hnave it, not-; to be tantalised with enjoyments which .they cannot taste; and to be beggared with a weight of wealth, which neither they nor their heirs can enjoy.' This language may appear hyperbolical to those who are yet panting after riches, bit the envied. possessor of wealth thus obtained, will acknowledge it to be substantially true; so .true, he will half fear some misanthropic brother has given vent to the ebullitions of an .overcharged hiwart, anid has divulged the melancholy secret. Pause oh traffickers and count` thy ,,gains I wilt 'thou have gold at all risks, or wilt thou .only .seek that which is without taint ? Wealth un tarniished by dishonour is wealth,but cuntanmirnaed by. iurighteousness, and defiled by blood, it is naught but splendid rottenness and rags. Do you adopt the maxim, "get money, honestly if you can; if not, get money"?.tlhen pursue your course. When the fiendish shout of revelry is heard .in the den of infamy, rejoice, you are making money; when the widow and the orphan weep- laugh-you are making money; when the yell of the maniac is heard--sing-you are making. money; when the ring of the iron portal responds to the key of the gaoler-the last utterance of the culprit, ascribes his doom to spirit-the with drawal of the fatal bolt echoes round the walls of the prison-And the sad. sounds hollow on the coffin then-triumph-triumph with demoniac glee, for you are making money. But when death shall come to you,-What then ?---I . you have made your money I 