VARIETIES. As artist near Compeigne, having lived in a state of adultery with a woman, wbo was the mother of several illegitimate children, determined with liis guilty associate, to commit a double suicide, and took the following extra ordinary means: — They shut themselves up in a email outhouse, in which they had collected a pile of faggots, and having covered their bodies with essence of turpentine, lay down on the heap and set fire to it. The flames were soon seen, but not till too late, for both the bodies were found half consumed. Two pistole were found, one on each tide of these victims.— Firnrfi Paper,. Inly 10. When in 1784, the younger Vcstris failed to appear (being confined by a sprained foot) the Itaron de Brctcuil punished his non- appearance at night by sending him to the prison of La Force. The news threw all IVis into a ferment ; parties 'ere formed for and against she artist ; but nothing could exceed the consternation of his family. ' Alas 1 -f exclaimed his father, his heart wounded, nnd his eyes overflowing with tears, 'this is the first difference of my houfe with the liourbons ! ' The younger Vcstris declared, that unless he was restored to liberty, and received honorable reparation, he would ap pear no more ; the elder threatened to quit France with his august family. — New Monthly Mag., July 10. 1'xTnAonDiNAnv Riiuiiahu, — A Leeds paper Gays— ' On Saturday we had o specimen of the giant rhubarb exhibited to us, grown by Mr. Joseph Marshall, of Rolh ncll, Haig, near this town, and supposed to be the largest ever exhibited in the Leeds market, and proved when user], as lender as the ordinary sized rhubarb. 'I lie owner realized from twenty-seven roots no less than thirty stones and a half ; some of the leaves of which, with the stem, measured about 18 feet.'— Observer, July 10. Tnr accounts of the barley crop, are, we regret to learn, from all parts, very discouraging. The wheats look remarkably well, and promise to be an average crop — Newcastle Journal, July 10. LETTLns from Scotland coniain very disheartening in telligence on the subject of the potatoc crop, which seems in many places to have completely failed. It is not only on the heavy unpulverized clay soils that this has hap pened, but on the finest soils even on the banks of the Clyde. One paper says, ' The more the polatoc crop is examined the more it is found to be deficient in plant. There is a remarkable failure even in those pieces of ground let by farmers to villagers, which are manured from their own store, and planted by the spade.' — Ob- server, July 10. The Duke of Sussex. — At the Court of Common Council, on Friday, an address of congratulation to the Duke, of Sussex, on the restoration of his sight, was agreed to. The Society of Freemasons of England held an es pecial Meeting of the Grand Lodge in their own hall, on Friday at noon, to vote a congratulatory address to the Duke of Sussex, the Grand Master, on the successful operation which had been recently performed, whereby his Hoyal Highness is likely to be restored to the blessing of sight, and to society in general. The Chair was filled by Lord Dundas. Caution.' — A child, ayear and a half old, was recently clinked with a cherry Ftone at Hcrnc ; the maid had im prudently given the child some cherries to eat. Tnr. 1'ai.ace at Potsdam.— There is something here (1'otsdem), howevcr.infinitely more interesting than what the painter and the upholsterer can produce, see ing that it was within the walls of this palace that Frederick fpenl the greater part of his life, and at last gave up the ghost. In the small library, consisting solely of French books, we still see the ink stand and the table at which, he wag accustomed to sit ; and they arc just as the monarch left them. In the adjoining apartment strangers are shown the spot where the elbow choir stood in which he breathed liis last. Upon the table of this chamber our observation was drawn to a small French pcndulc ; it was a favourite of Frederick's, and he iicrmilled no one to touch it but himself ; every day lie wound it up with his own hand. On the last day of his life, amid his rnp.ny troubles, it was forgotten ; and, as the story goes, the hands, pointing, as they do at present, twenty minutes past two o'clock, mark the precise moment when Frederick ceased to exist ; the pendule, as if by magic, stopped at the very moment of the Kind's death, end it has never since been put in mo lion.— Observer, Jvly 10. 