nyaney noun as. — 1 ue nounus met on ? Wednesday morning last at the kennel, at 7, and, drawing in the direction of Botany Bay, found near the mouth of Cook's River, nun iiuu one ui mu uesi aim sciuri'si runs of the season ; the dog having a tiiste for the picturesque, made for La Perouse's monument, putting bin best foot foremost; 'finding no sanctuary at this classic spot, he bethought himself of Cudgee Beach, ex pecting perhaps 10 find 'lodgings to let' in some, of the rocks and ravine* of that fashionable watering-place — but theavenger of blood, in (he shape of the fleetest pack out of England, incited, no doubt, by the ghosts of many murdered chickens, geese, and wnllabi, was behind him too .closely to allow him to put up ; without a moment's check he continued his tour to Bondi Buy, where he was earthed after a killing run of forty minutes, with scarcely a check. There were several ' moving acc'dcnta by flood and fell' from swamp* and headers amongst the tangled shrubs of that quarter ; — but none of them serious. ! I The Weather. — Last Thursday was a re-' marlcable day with the Chroniclers of bad wealher^ — in Sydney it commenced raining about three o'clock in the afternoon, and continued with scarcely a moment's inter mission till nine — raining, not in the ordi nary way in this climate, by pails-full, but as promiscuously as cats and dogs, and as pitilessly as pitch-forks ; in the hilly parts of theTown there seemed to bo a ' gathering,' a general convocation of mountain torrents, cascades, and water- fulls, all the windows of Heaven thrown open, a ' meeting of the waters' from all quarters, Mr. Muthcw's state of mind was indescribable, and the Editors of the Herald commenced without more ado their 'look at the streets' ar ticles; \- In the country the rnin was equally heavy ; the Nepean mimicked the ' blue rushing of the Arrowy Rhone' — George's River overspread its ordinary limits, and even Cook's River tried to look respecta ble; the roads were of course for the time in an uwful stute — but so completely scoured that they are now ns good as ever. \Ve havo not heard of any floods tiny where. Review. — On Friday last His Excellency the Governor reviewed H. M. 4th or King's Own Regiment, in Hyde Park. All the usual ceremo.iie* were gone through, toge ther with the ordinary evolutions, which were performed in a manner that reflected tho highest credit upon that gallant Regi ment; at the conclusion His Excellency complimented in very fluttering terms the commanding officer, Major England, upon tho high state of cflicicncy presented by the Regiment. In the uftarnuon Mis Ex cellency went through the usual half-yearly inspection, and honored the mess of the 4th with his presence at dinner in the even ing; most of the heads of departments were also at the dinner. ' That ugly and venomous paper, the Herald of yesterday, contains an article of a new and strange character ; not the old story of ' change of system' die 1, the render will say —yes — till ?? tho present system of sales by auction be allorcd' every thing will go wrong! In other words, till tho Herald forces Mr. This and Mr. That to advertise in their columns, whether they will or no, nothing will prosper ! i As the article is 'to be continued' wo shall not say more at present — merely hint ing that the first part exhibits as much petty malignity, spite and rancour, ns is ?j'uite consistent with its ' respectable' politics, and thut It will not bo advisable to popper any higher in the second part unless hey aro 'impregnable against actions for lofumation. We cannot publish the letter calling at .ontion to the state of Prince-street — the vriter should not study to affront folks Tom whom ho is about to ask a favor. — Moreover there aro holes in othar parts of ho Town, ond we don't think everything ihoulcl give way to privato convenience. Tht.Thealii— On Saturday Evening Will perforMcd the 'Nautical Drama ''of Mack Eyed Susan, and the May Queen. In the first piece tho performers gene rally acquitted themselves very respectably j but we do not knovr the reason why tho part of Susan was given to Mrs. Jones. Mrs. Taylor should have been cast for that character, anil Mrs. .Tones for Dnllu. Tho part of 'Susau is quite out of Mrs. Jones' forte. Tho former lady would have pourtrayed the character as the author intended it ; and it would also have been n point of attraction. Shylack was represented lust night to n very good house, but wo havu not space at this late hour to enter into any minute critique on its performance^ — we will take an opportunity of doing so in our next. Flour may bo quoted at, fine, £\ 5b. ; seconds, £\ 2s. American, Huperfme, nt jt'2 9s. per barrel of ISfilbs. The following Shares In tho ' Bank of New South Wales,' ' Australian Marino Assurance Company,' «nd tho '? Sydney College,' were sold by auction, by Mr. Samuol Lyons, yesterday. There was a nu merous attendance of bidders i and, notwithstanding the disadvantage of the dividend for the present half year not being receivable by tho purchasers, very excellent prices were obtained : — : ? At per Cent. Premium. . ' - ?' Five Shares in tho Bank of New South Wales, £100 paid upon each — to 'J. i r ( M'Laren, Esq ? , jC22 0 0 — G10 0 0; Five ditto ditto— ^to Mr. Brown;;..-. ? 22 0^0— G10-;0 0 Fivo ditto 'ditto— to 'R. l ' l * ' ' ' * * Cooper, Esq., ......... .{JO-JO 0— C02 10 0 Nino Shares in tho 'Bank of *', ! } New, South Wales, 'JSQO d ^ , . paid 'upon caoh — tb 3'. - i . l.ii / , M'Laren, Ilgq ? ...m 28 f 0 ? O^t-7,92 0 , 0( '-.*'' ' At per Shore ' — ? Premium. Twenty Sharps, lti.the.Aus-. r, , tralian Marino AisuranooJ -v- «Ai - Company,* jeiO paid upon , ' ,,,ci'~ t' each— to JnmesSimmons, ' * i'.H 'i-(*Wi , ^?Esq.r!.;-.vv.'.....-...'..-i«i 7'13'lO-^53 0 *o' c!.i)fKl o'----«H' /ihV »' -Equal to 76 ' ''' I ,Ji.'.-ci m«a jvuvril i It/It, per Cent. ' ?'? ' Two' -Shares in the (Sydney ' '' ?* i i ? i - ln'i College, i i?.r-0 paid upon t ' ' - ' , '?-.each— ^-to'iCyrua- Doyle, ' - L v,Esq.,i.^'.-.i'. ? 0 0 0— 1001 0 0 -Mtn,-; J-,?',irid:iI-. . .. j Mi. ? !J-;-.-.vV.f..V;oV »' i ' 'j£3067 10 0 ? ..??, .-.'?. ,-,-.-( aszr xrawa. \- 'An American whaler reported to Captain Bruce, of tho' Sydney Packet, having seen the Florenth, Do-; lokte, from this port to London, near Tristan d'Acunha,, all well, on the 20th January ; and, May 20, .the : Jlarrietl, Howe, on her way to Otago, with 30 barrels on board; also the Denmark Hill, with 30' tuns, ot Old Man's Bluff. Tho Louiw, Hay ward, on the lDtli Janunry, had 35 barrels. The Adelaide, Captain Clark, from Dundee and Hobart Town, is the first vessel that ever sailed from! Dundee direct to any port in the South Seas. Tho brig Alice, and tho schooner John Duntcamhe, aro announced to sail for Launocston on Friday; and the ship Samuel Cunard will sail for that port to-day or to-morrow. . . . ? The Currency Lats lias boon laid on for tho Bay of Inlands, and tlio Nimrod for Hobart Town, 