DR. RITCHIE DEFEATED AT BELFAST BY DR. COOKE. (Abridged from the Scottish Guardian). Belfast, March 17.—I am just returned to my own house, at half past one o'clock in the morn- ing of Patrick's day, from the great soiree of the Voluntaries. I hasten, at this unseasonable hour, to give you a few particulars. Until about three hours before the meeting, Dr. Cooke had determined to take no public notice of their movements. He was labouring under severe indisposition when I called upon him, and !ie yielded to my importunity to give battle. Ko favoured me with the following note to the se- cretary of their committee:- ? ".My Dear Sir,-As I find you have unhap- pily aided in bringing to our comparatively peaceful town those eminent warriors, Drs". Iltoigh and Ritchie, I feel it a duty, though nearly unable to be out of bed, to offer them battle", in defence of.Church endowments, or rather establishments-for I distinguish between them, and consider Clio latter absolute duty tlie former contingent on capacity in the State. If able to appear at your soiree this evening will I be permitted lo reply to either, or both, of these gentlemen, aforesaid, and will I be allowed equal time, and a fr.ir hearing? I regret my b,odily inability, as well as my mental inequality to either of your champions; but I trust in God and a good cause. Wishing an immediate reply, I am yours, truly, " II. Cooici;. " P. S-1 extend the request to any who may .ioiii mc in tlie good old cause of the Scots' Kirk and Covenant." The above was agreed to, and Dr. Cooke at- tended the soiree. Dr. Tennent, a Radical, was called to the chair. A letter was read by the Rev. James Carlisle, an Independent Minis- ter, from Dr. Heugh, apologising for his not at- tending, and giving a full account of his views on the subject. This was followed by a long speech from the Rev. John Alexander, a Cove- nanter, who on the side of the Voluntaries, ad- mitted he did not contend against establishments in the abstract, but railed against their abuses! A Mr. Mcllwain, from the state of Ohio, Amer- ica, followed. A Mr. Mclntyre, a seceder (of the Anti-Bounty School) sermonised to very little purpose. Then came Dr. Ritchie, who, with anecdotes and coarse Joe Miller jests, made a most indifferent figure. This was admitted by those who carne strongly prejudiced in his favour. He was most lean in argument, and completely failed to establish the principle he came to advocate. The failure was great indeed; and many present blushed for Scotland. Dr. Cooke replied to them all seriatim, and was cheered throughout with unbounded applause. Even Mr. Carlisle, the Independent, joined in the plaudits. The Doctor carried the motion of an adjournment to finish his speech (then two hours long) to to-morrow evening, which com- pletely overthrows Dr. Ritchie's lecture adver- tised for that evening. SECOND NIGHT. Belfast, March 19.—Every stratagem was used on Thursday by the friends of Dr. Ritchie to keep out the friends of Dr. Cooke, by disposing of the tickets another way. They had the issue and used every effort to have a packed audience. On one of our friends applying for a ticket, he was asked, " Are you one of the right sort? On replying in the affirmative, lie obtained a ticket, with the instructions to do all in his power to keep out Dr. Cookc's people. Such questions as " Are you a hearer of Dr. Cooke's?" "Will you support Ritchie?" were put, and tickets issued according to the replies. A goorlly num- ber, however, of our friends got in. Dr. Ten- nent was called to the chair, but only occupied it a tew minutes. He seemed alarmed at the deafening shouts of the audience, when Dr. Cooke afcended the platform, and snid he would leave the chair if such applause was repeated. Wc let him go, and A. K. Miller, Esq. pre- sided the remainder of the night. The meeting was crowded to excess-some 400 persons were present. Dr. Cooke, being interrupted in his speech in the former meeting, was in possession of the chair, and spoke for five hours and a half. Such a display of eloquence never was listened to in this place. Rising from a sick bed, pale and worn out by the former night's fatigue, he looked like some unearthly thing-as if the ghost of John Knox had arisen from the grave to smite the disturbprs of his children's peace. Dr. Ritchie occupied about three hours in reply; and, to give the Voluntaries all fair play, he fought well, for he did what he could. His speech was, no doubt, the lecture he had pre- viously intended to deliver, in tho prospect of the palmy hours he had fondly anticipated when landing on our shores., But when his speech was done-he was done. The meeting was not over till six o'clock, havingoccupied from seven o'clock in the evening till six in the morning. (We beg here to state, what wc should have mentioned on a former occasion, when we quoted Dr. Ritchie, that he liai no connection with the i Church of Scotland, and is recognised only by the odd fish of Edinburgh. ) 