j&trror; of ti)c STwteo, reflectix g " Things as they're viewed by others' eyes, As well as by our own." Colonist. — A highly interesting article on the new Colony of " South Aus- traaia," giving a most promising account of Port Lincoln and Kangaroo Island, from authentic sources. As this article is to be continued next Thursday, we defer our ob servations on the subject until our next number. — En. '2d Article. — On the Monitor's manifesto regarding the Irish System. The Moni tor s was certainly a very plain and very se vere critique upon this subject, especially in reference to the conduct of Bishop Brough- ton, and the Monitor's sentiments on the same. The Colonist very zealously justifies the Bishop, and censures the Monitor for immodest freedom of speech. We agree with the Colonist generally in both respects ; but not without considerable limitations in each. We justify in the Monitor that free dom of criticism, which is equally the right of the Colonist and of every public writer, and which we not only maintain but exert ourselves ; and if our contemporary have not betrayed any remarkable degree of res pect towards the head of his own — i. e. of the Protestant Church, it should be admitted that his writing if not convincing is deci dedly argumentative. On the other hand, we most perfectly agree with the Colonist, and have said so before, that as the Protes tant Bishop of Australia, it was clearly the duty of Dr. Broughton to oppose the intro- Auction of a system of education, which is too liberal to be satisfactory, to rigid (we will not say bigoted) members of his own Church ; but for our own part, we do and will maintain until the contrary be shewn, thai a child may receive as much Christian edification from being taught to read in the Holy Gospel of either of the four Evange lists in the absence of the other three — or from reading the Acts of the Apostles, al though the Book of Revelations might not be bound up in the same cover — or Gene is without Maccabees ; as if the whole were in one volume, but only the most suitable parts of such volume made use of. Yet notwithstanding these our sentiments, and the grand desideratum of putting with the sanction of their own Church, the essential portion of the inspired volume into the hands of Roman Catholic children, so great is our respsct for even the religious preju dices of Protestants, that we do not wish to see the children of both Christian Churches educated together, except in situations in which their numbers are too few to form a separate school for each. 3d Article. — " The Oratorio." AVe differ in toto from our respectable but exclu sive contemporary in objecting to such ex hibitions in a place of worship, or in thinking that the sacred pieces of vocal and instrumen tal music selected for the performance does not in any degree lessen the alleged impro priety ! We cannot believe that even Dr. Lang in his zeal for religion and for Pro testantism, would go to such an illiberal length as this. Hurdle Race. — A very happy squib, let off at our brother Editor of the Australian, for his professional and sporting description of the late race in technical terms. Gazette 27th Ult. — Leading article , for which the editors are indebted to us, viz. — a commentary on our notice this day fort night, of the convict Sullivan per Mojffatt , transported for a most daring robbery of the Custom-house, having been employed as an overseer as soon as landed, and suf fered within three days to make his escape. This article is concluded by a long extract from Bell's Life in London, describing the " transportation as a worse than death sys tem. Certainly the good people at the Antipodes appear to have about as correct notions regarding this Colony, as they have of the natural history and botany of the moon. — Ed. 2nd Article. — 600 men are said to he em ployed on the Sydney streets. We are glad to hear it. We only wish that we .could compel the Governor, to compel the Surveyor General or Royal Engineer com manding, to compel the Town Surveyor, to compel the overseers, to compel the convicts to work enough to keep themselves warm, and to do %t least the work of one English free labourer amongst a gang of (twenty or thirty of them. — Ed. 3d Article. — The / amar made a grati fying experimental trip on Sunday last about the harbour, with 30 or 40 passengers who all partook of the gratification of the .owne/, Mr. Jt, F. Wilson, who was on board. australrxn, 27th ult. — Leading Art. A very good defence of the merciful, phi lanthropic, and rational principle of pro moting the reformation of female convicts, and the good of the community, by encou raging matrimony. 2 d Art. — " Statistics a la Jenkins" — shewing that 150 are not the same as, nor so many as, ergo are less than 513, and good humouredly, but incontestibly estab lish the Editor's claim to the honors of this witty epigram. Men, manners, seasons, scenes, and facts all, Misquoting, misstating, Misplacing, misdating, Here lies Sir Nathaniel Wraxall. Yesterday. — " Public Education. "« : An article elicited from the perusal of the life and correspondence of Bishop Jkrb, contrasting the opinions of this amiable and | learned prelate with those of our excellent Bishop, which would appear to be less li- | beral than Dr. Jebb's. Our Governor was ' the intimate and bosom friend of Bishop Jebb, and is eulogised so forcibly by this amiable and eloquent writer, that if we had ever thought meanly of Sir Richard Bourke, we should now pause and enquire. In his place in the House of Lords Bishop Jebb said, speaking of Sir Richard, " I bear in my heart an absent friend, the kinsman and the pupil of the great Edmund Burke —a man whom it were presumption in me to eulogise ; who when he returned from the service of his country, covered with ho norable scars, retired to his native land, to his few paternal acres, to the bosom of his tenantry ; and there devotes his time, his thoughts, his heart, his sound practical wisdom, his distinguished talents, to the improvement of the peasantry of Ireland. But the praise of General Bourke has been publicly proclaimed in this country ; it is yet more touchingly pronounced at home, in the daily and nightly prayers and bless ings of an attached and grateful popula tion." The editor(of the Australian ) has so com pletely caught the fire of Dr. Jebb's work, which lie is reviewing, as to have become really eloquent; we have seldom seen an article we so much admire, for its style and also for its argument. Indeed so just and so appropriate to the present occasion, are Bishop Jebb's sentiments, quoted by the editor, that we propose to transcribe his leader entire in our next number; and if we were favored with the perusal of the work in question, we would indulge in further extracts from it En. " Catholicus ipse." Much to the effect of Dr. Jebb's argument, in amount. " The Projected Club " deserves to be supported. — (Agreed, Ed.) Gazette. — This morning. — " Universal Education." The Gazette appears to have raised a ghost for the purpose of laying it. The burthen of this article is this, that if every subject in the Colony were alike edu cated, and well educated, and the supposi- tion appears also to be included, if all were alike talented and highly talented — why all being qualified for legislators and statesmen, great inconvenience would be felt amongst such a community of senators and philoso phers, for want of inferior and less educated persons to fill the useful andsomewhatneees- sary situations of menial servants, mechanics and laborers. As such an Utopian scheme never entered the mind of any sane person, we think it unnecessary to reply to this act; but by extracts quoted from Bulwer's France, and from Lord Abinger's charge to a jury ; it seems that the point meant to be contended for by the Gazette , is, that pub lic education to be made a blessing to the individuals of the lower classes instructed at the public expence, and to mankind, must be based upon religious knowledge. In this sentiment of his Lordship, worthy of a British Judge, we entirely concur. — Ed. 2 d Article. — -"Assignment Regulations." Recommending that all convict composi tors be assigned to the Printing Offices. 