JONATHIANA. A Small Affair .—The editor of a Mary- land paper, in a peppery article anent the ar- guments of a rival editor, affirmeth and also offereth to prove that ' his soul, his nasty little soul, is not large enough to fill the socket of a musquito's eye !'—How he means to prove it he does'not say. The Land of the Free.—Last Sunday evening, says Brigg's Boston Bulletin, Mr. May, the abolitionist lecturer, attempted to hold forth in the chapel at Haverhill, Massa- chusetts ;—the chapel was filled with hearers of both sexes, and the lecturer had just began his discourse when a volley of stones andd lighted firecrackers were showered through the windows into the pulpit and upon the congregation ; who immediately dispersed in great alarm. A piece of ordnance was brought to the spot to frighten the congrega- tion. i - Curious.-Under 'this, curious head the r Charleston Courier records the following cu- I rious fact in the natural history of the genus t homo :--. A gentleman in this city owns a c young negro who is deaf and dumb, cock- eyed, left-handed, bow-legg'd, and ncverthe- t less very intelligent.' *, 1 In Senate-'A member of the Senate,' a says the Toronto Patriot, * in giving some s information to th« House, the other day, 8 touching an alleged improper survey near the r. spot on which ha was located, delivered him- c self as follows :-.* The surveyor, d'ye see; t in numil.g the side line, run it in a kind' b'howing-like : and then the neighbour» run f theirs hyuhizz'n, and so put every thing out> s o'lilter?' ' ' \ * Chacun^ s¡on (¿out.-A shaik was caught on \hi Nofth^Beach, St, Augustine, Florida» on the 10th i tint.,,, and on being opened, four large bars of yellow soup from the wreck of the Sam Patch were found in his maw ! «83?* Who found our Carpet Hag, filled with soiled linen, &c.; ?-A handsome reward will'he given for it at this office.'-New York Gazette, Sept, 4. Mern. Had the maw of the soap-eating shark above mentioned been searched further, the bag ,of soiled linen would vpry likely have been found thore ; it ¡s.morc than likely that having swallowed the soiled linen ho .afterwards bolted the soap 'in the hope of purifying it,,and thereby making it aiorcpajutoable. , i Borrowing.--' My marm wants to know if your marm will lend tny marni your manii's pickaxe to 'make our hog a hencoop ?' ' Oh, certainly; and when you go home just ask your mother ifjähell be kind enough to lend usa keg of thaf firkin butter she bought to- day, that's a rjicé little man ,* and just clean tis a mess of them pouts and eels that your father caught'this afternoon, and bring'them " "1 cer that I whole',' said they boy; ' we shaut'want that pickaxe of yourn.'-Dedham Patriot (American paper): An Old ÍFoman.-Wo have been-to t>ce "Juice Heath," at 'the Masonic Hall, the coloui ed woman said to be 161 years old. We had neye,r( before,seen, a woman more than IOS years of age, "which "might be accounted fidly good living-but Joice would serve as grand- mother to the patriarch hF whom we speaks She sings several*religious hymns, and laughs at a good thing said and done-but thesearff only on occasional Rtai ts» When " we saw her 'she lay in bed, quiet1 and' líoiseleas.-\United States Gazette. _','.' " ""Gourmandisni.-Pi. man of property, who had fur-years been abusing his'stotriach» '.at1 last found- his'health'¿on .a"' rapid decline,---' nature] could '*ndüre"nojlonger'>' Hetwent to1 consult th"e'«íé|ebMtéUT>r'.'Spriñg,5ofWatfr. lather caiiglit tins atternoon, and bring I down with the butter," l my'Bear,'and I H tainly1 l¡five, yoi»'the first'bright cept t) and'in the ashes.' /«'I guess, 'on the wli JpnrjM^AtJvíce.*/, u Tl^patiéptRrpmisedn. unjílfcj j;l# to do so. -¿$&ayr;* you must .steal a hone !'^t.-.'\VVhat ! j steal ti horse ?" " You wilL then bearrested, con- victed, and placed ia a situation' where your diet and regimen, wjll be ,sucb that in a .w j time your ^palthiWJllibe perfectly reatorcil, r 1 American eloquence,-Squirá^Oaka, ^ I dreatted a body of bia ' constitypnf m « I ginral liction,, in qpposilion ¿o a rival candi-I date, aa follows :-', I/don't wan»( to injuretkl feelings of nobody, any how at all j IktuA the'Gap'n isa useful man is Ids apeare, anuri ahanttry to untlejmipe bia popjiWitv, i>utrl do candidly belieee 7he^ ia plagujly ineiiLI With imAioqroci/A'-TbO nSqmre ,beat ti« Cap'n by «ylarge Majority. , , f/( Verdict of an American Jury of Inquest oui a Horse ï--" Whereas, inasmuch, aaitan.| pears, that the said horse died inconsequence! of getting his foot ¡noa rack-therefore held that the eau»e of his death was sufficient.' TA Mississippi have -offered a reward of (¡te thousand dollars to nriy person who will brui» to trial or prosecute the1 printer or publisher of any paper or pamphlet advocating slaroI emancipation. ' The Norfolk Beacon states the arrival of the steam-boat Kentucky fruin Richmond, sriih ' intelligence that Robinson« the Englishman reported as being in the Vicinity of L} ruh burg,' had been taken about 15 miles from i that town, and hanged, on the spot. 4 The Americari papers contain a distressing elucidation of the mysterious disappearance 22 v ears ago of Mrs. Alston the daugtherof Coi. Aaron Barr, the vice president of the United Sta cs. She bad sailed from Charles, ton in 1814 with her father's plate fer Neir York and was captured on the voyage by piratea and cruelly put to death with all the crcwand^tbe vessel scuttled. The wretch who was principal in the murder made tins confession at Mobile, where be died lately in m a dreadful, raving, and. hiatencal state, fancjing every moment thnt the ghost of the murdered woman waa at his bedside, Slaves at Rio de Janett o.-To our aston iahment, we found at Rio people of the country, distinguished for their education ind humanity, who coolly assured us that we vi ere mistaken in imagining that the negroes belong to our species. Agreeably to this principle the slaves nre treated, arid, aa the people at Rio boast, with extraordinary mildneas A person must have long resided there, and become gradually nccustometl to the Bight of this misery and degrading oppressions, be fore he can understand such language. If a stranger v isit the depot of a slave merchant, the latter receives bim with the greatest civility, cordially shakes him by the hand, aud assures bim of the uncommon ex- cellence of his merchandize. He immediately ordera spine of the poor wretches to stand up, and, stick in band, makes them exhibit their capabilities. But if theie atrocious dealers in human fleah perceive that you have entered their depot from mf-ra^ curiosity, they imme- diately become vulgarly insolent, cursing foreign nations, especially the English, who thev say meddle in their concerns, and rob them of their legitimate gain, only to enrich themselves. We know, from various writers, what is bow the easiest mode of acquiring riches at Rio, namely, by purchasing slaves and sending them out to work. .' ' Long before day-break, as well a» through- out the whola day, thousand« and thousands of slaves may be seen wandering about, seek- ing employment ;! the harbours and market places are thronged With them, and û ia im- possible to walk erÇn a few steps without being accosted by thom. These are obliged to prov ide for their own maintenance, and to carry home to their owners a certain sum of money every day. If they have been unable to realize this, they are beaten; but if thev has e gained more, they ara allowed to retain a part, in order to make up 'any deficiency na annie other day. During our stay, we daily 8aw the slaves bring home to theil1 owners two patacas (one rix- dollar"Prussian). Many osv ners a^nd their slaves for daily employment to the neighbouring quarries,'while very many others send them out'to catch1 insects ; and this is the reaasn why the most brilliant in- sect« are to be had to cheap at1 Rio de Janeiro When a mad baa attained to softie adroitness in this opeiation, ho may on a fine day catch in the imiticdiàter vicinity 'of'Rio ni ore than live or six hundred beetles'. This'trade in insects ia considered very lucrative, six mil Ircbis (four rix dollars, or' about fourteen shillings,)-'being paid for 'the hundred during our stay. There is a genejii! demand for these brilliantheetlés, whose wiiig-caaea are now sought for the purpose of adorning the ladies of Europe-a fashion which thieatens the entire extinction of this beautiful tribe. The diamond beetle (chalrays lbacca, Kert.» and especially the clilamys cuprea, King,) ivas in great i equest for brooches for gentlemen, and ten piastres were ofteU paid for a single beetle.-Foreign Quarterly Review. ' The Philosophy of Whipping,--Flagge] lation, as regards the 'mental and moral facul- ties. ' When a hoy cannot comprehend lui lesson, it undoubtedly proceeds from conges- tion of the blood in the he,ad, called stupidity ; you therefore very pWperly g've bin- a box on the ear, to promote the circulation of the bruin ; if this falls, you give him another on the other sitie ; if thla fail*in making him un- derstand-say tlic difference between an ad- jective and a preposition-you baste lum j across the shoulders ; shouíd'this'fail,, he re-1 quires" bleejlmgi and "tam tyuthottcmise »c-J cordingly. The reaitlftf are obvious-the E bead ia relieved, and the wheels of the brant work agaib, It «vas'iaid of Dr.' Busby« that ' he was so dexterous with',hià cane, that I» could strike all the problems1 of Euclidr on à boy'B shoulders': and this1 waa the cause if the Westminster boys being such proficieitsf in mathematics. while,* at Harrow, itv ia »-. corded that a professer, who Was temarkulm successful in tbe teaching of the dead'lai^ guage*, wpuld make bia switcli'speak hie lil hoc over a boy's back, descending for ti lower sound Ibwafds {lie legions of cordur<| If this be true,' why shmijd nut flngellatii be treated aa a science aa wëjl'as cducatitfj and ought" not a1 profeBBorshlp fo be endow» Und a profea6¿r appointed?-£t/ut?fli,'o|^ f " ' ai ^ i ;«.r " |iV>.; ¡jp Printed and published at the HobaflTow Cd Oßce,Jn ColhM'Stwtjihy XAMffl iíj .Pi inter, ofCofynß'Stryet,£fmw4'i Price Orïe 'Shilling, or Tcú (Sh\lhhg$r q¿ paid in ädvtmte. 'Aßvertiseaentse^ lint under isïQa, âbovs Wines, 8tf, petrie, 