TEGG'S "MONTHLY MAGAZINE." Periodical publications of the " Maga- zine" kind have hitherto not been very successful in the Colony. Why, we will not undertake to say ; but we are quite satisfied that lack of talent is not the cause. The fact, however, is so ; and we much fear that Tegg's " Monthly" is not likely to prove an exception from the many similar publications which have glided down the stream of oblivion, and are re- membered no more. The publisher is a " bold man:" he frankly tells his readers that he was " unawed by the fate of two productions (quere, conceptions?) of a simi- lar nature, whose projectors, not meeting with that support they anticipated, with- drew from the field ;" and he " resolved to submit his production to the indulgent notice of the public of Australia." It is to be hoped that his somewhat sanguine expectations of success will not be disap- pointed. The original matter (and in the first number we should have expected the editor to put forth his strength) is abso- lutely below mediocrity. The story of Fisher's Ghost has not even the recom- mendation of novelty, though the facts upon which it is founded are of the most extraordinary nature ; and as for the tale of the Governess, however interesting and important the subject may be, the compo- sition is such that in turning over the pages we felt as if swallowing a dose of literary ipecachuana, administered from tho " Minerva Press." The following " fragment" is prettily written, though the subject is by no means original : " She passed away like a thing of air, Her robes in the summer-breeze gorgeously streaming, With a cheek so flushed and a brow so fair, And an eye of such electric meaning ; And I said to myself, surely guilt or care, Cannot lurk 'neath the guise of such gladsome seeming. No, nothing but virtue and peace can reign In the heart that beats in so soft a bosom, And the blood that flows through each wand'ring vein Must be pure as the dew on the rosy blossom : And stainless and lofty the musings must be Of the heavenly spirit that dwells in thee. Ah ! such are the thoughts of untutored youth, As the form of loveliness glances by, Unknowing that falsehood can mimic truth, And that art can smile right tenderly. Alas ! for the day-dreams of youth, for they die, And leave to our hopes but a tear and a sigh." This is pretty. But the selected articles comprise by far the best part of the num- ber. We must not, however, despatch our notice of the " Monthly" without ad- verting to a passage in the " Introductory Address," which presents a strange con- trast between " profession" and " prac- tice." " In our dealings with others," says the editor, " we shall invariably make truth our object, and charity our motive." This is a very amiable feeling, no doubt ; but we request the reader to peruse the following running commentary on the sen- tence we have quoted, to be found under the head of " The Drama," page 59:— " The character of Horatio was murdered in the hands of Mr. Simes ; we have a most unconquerable aversion to that man ; the sight of his face or the sound of his voice on the stage, is almost sufficient to give us a fit of the gripes !" Now, if this bo set down to charity, and with " fair- ness and candour" in the exercise of the critic's (!) vocation, we must confess our dulness of apprehension, inasmuch as we read it as a specimen of malice and vul- garity. We know nothing of Mr. Simes and, without meaning any offence to him, we don't care who or what he is—but cer- tainly we see neither wit, criticism, nor cha- rity in the passage we have referred to. We must not omit to mention that the typographical execution of the " Monthly" is highly creditable to the printer; and provided that the literary matter shall im- prove, we hope that the printing may long continue a " good job" to the Pro- prietor of the Colonist press.—From a Correspondent. 