GLEANINGS BY A MARINERS'. II. 3. St. Helena This island is about 1200 miles from the Cape of Good Hope, and its aspect is that of a rock nearly destitute of vegetation ; nor did it present, as seen from the vessel in sailing along the coast, a single prospect ss which could be classed amongst the grand and beautiful. He certainly vagabond person who first proposed a settlement there, for so abrupt and precipitous is the lofty wall of craggy rocks which faces the ocean, that it seems to: bid dell ince to the approach of any living creature except the sea bird, there being only four lïpenirçgs, or break?, in the cliffs, at three of which landing is rarely practicable ; even at the fourth, where steps have been cut in the rock, it sometimes happens that for d tys together it is attended with great difficulty, and frequently is very dangerous. We found the ocean placid enough, and the surf, comparatively speaking, was of trifling amount 5 yet we Were obliged to use caution, and avail ourselves of assistance. On landing, we walked into the town, where we established ourselves in a lodging house at the daily charge of thirty shillings each, a sum that would have ben considered bordering upon the extravagant in most other places ; but a person located on such a spot as this may well be justified in allowing his conscience some Latitude. James Town, the only one in the island, and the most oddly situated of all capitals, contains one good street, including, perhaps, forty houses ; besides which there are sundry streets, or lanes of huts that ramify from it, and denote the place to be, in reference to the population, of greater consequence than might at first be expected by a cursory observer. It stands in a narrow ravine," for valley it can scarcely be railed, whose sides are as abrupt as the cliffs upon the coast, their height being in some places, from 600 to 700 feet The spectator, while regarding this singular scene, naturally imagines that serious accidents would be liable to occur, for the blocks of rock which project from above in the most threatening manner possible, appear ever ready to descend from their elevated position and if such an avalanche were to happen, it would, in all probability, involve a fearful loss of property and life in its ruinous career. Everything therefore considered, the site of James Town is assuredly not over safe ; however, the superincumbent rocks, by their eloquent silence, supply an admonition quite as efficient as that afforded through the medium of a preacher, and serve equally to remind those who reside beneath, that life is, at best, but a precarious existence, which may cease in an instant when least expected. In one part the ravine does not much exceed a hundred yards in width at the bottom ; but where the town stands, it is from 250 to 400 yards broad and the entire length I judged to be about three quarters of a mile Through this ravine flows the small stream by which the inhabitants are supplied with water. as Dr. G. and myself preferred the pedestrian to the vehicular mode of awaking an excursion, when exploring a country, we left the rest of our party to proceed in a carriage, and pursued our way by a somewhat different route on foot. During the first two miles we had to encounter a constant ascent, and soon afterwards descended the glen in which repose the remains" of Napoleon. Here,' beneath three willows' shorn1'of'almost all their branches, and within an iron railing, is a slab of stone, L placed upon the ground without any inscription,' and eight feet long by four wide -Rich is the tomb of the once mighty monarch! On the ' willows, whose trunks bend nearly to the heath, that extraordinary man was silent thought and converse With the few friends wHo acc'omnhuiccí him in, his distant exile, nor" could he have selected for the purposes more sweet oranges sheltered spot. ' Previous to his death the trees, system in a flourishing state ; but since that event so many persons have procured, cuttings from them, that, they are now almost destroyed. Closé'tVtlic* graves adapting of excellent water, for a supply ofjsylpc'li.-jtlie/ Emperor used jioscii/i,;.,arid numerous. young willows raised from cuttings bade fair to form a, better shade, than the parent trees The. green Ryan under the charge of two nncienUoldiers, who must derive no inconsiderable profit; from the numerous Visitors who fréqüent'thia^lonely scene' of death, b, calculated to excite jre flectionuppn the emptiness of human power, and habited, ' An album is kept upon file sjiot/which,'like the whole race of, albums, is 'filled w>ith;absúrd,attetnptí a^wi^^rçue^He effusions in rj time; amongst this miscellaneous mass of folly, rt master para ship complains could obtlain,a>glSBB"v'bf. that panacea of seafaring iiiení.¿aÍledlg'rogV although the distance thaVtliBrbWas hST>itouBe at^hanVwHcrc he could obtlain,a>glSBB"v'bf.tha! faring nie^.rjalled'gtogV tHE Jrotn town is not f«i'ufjmilga. ( run, ., , Otr/quUUngthe,i>Jen,1 we came again upon the road, and, called, to Longwood, a mile further, The^.ohTjhouse had been suffered to, fall into a sad state of decay, the only toler- able apartment being that formerly used as a di billiard room : Napoleon's bed room has"' become a stable that in which life died a receptacle for chaff. sec. and the portion of the building oceubicd'by his suite; had long been converted into out-houses! Such is the mutability of human aftWiri. ' The new building, in which he was to have resided is an excellent houhQMnndhad evidently been fitted up with every attention to comfort, and little regard to expense ; but before it was pom plQted, Napoleon was numbered with the" dead.' t ( a - There is a prospect of vast extent, from spots around, embracing the greater portion of the island, with an almost boundless expanse of ocean, but combining toV much of the melancholy and cheerless in its leading men in lies to be particularly pleading j nor was there a single tree at hand, with the exec tion of a few of miserably stunted growth, to relieve the general absence of vegetation, Such a view, liable as it, must be to awaken sombre impt casions ; would always produce in myself a saddening effect, since I hold that the ocean-that emblem of Eternity, however grand in the scale of Nature, pos- sesBCS no great beauty as a constant object, even when the mighty billows are lashed into foam by the storm ;, while in a state of repose nothing can be more monotonous than the lifeless aspect of its placid surface. The finest part of St Helena is That behind, and further up the hills than the tomb, as there «meobnerics an amphitheatre of eleva- tions and rocks, enclosing a very beautiful spot, although of no great extent. Numerous fiiR had been planted at the Governor's residence, and thrive well ; indeed here, as in all places where the soil consists of decomposed lava, and where the climate is genial, vegetation is rapid and luxuriant. Give the plants but water, and let the stratum of soil be ever so scanty, as the crevices in the rocks ever be narrow, still so long as the roots can find shelter, and water is abundant, the plants are sure to grow well. Where a till was found, there we met also with the finest water cresses I oversaw. The general appearance of St. Helena is that of art immense rock, intersected in most directions by deep ravines, or tremendous chasms, frequently accessible only to the goats; and the vegetation as already observed, is extremely scanty, except Ft particular cular spots. As might naturally be expected in the climate of James Town is often intensely off hot ; but at those parts of the island exposed it to the influence of the S. E. trade wind," the 65 temperature is greatly lessened, 1 The popu- to ration (1831) consisted of about 3000 persons, of whom 800 are soldiers; and so strongly evi fortified is the island, that it would, I imagine, Jvl be impossible to reduce it unless by surprise ho or blockade. To convey some idea of the cb ravine in which stands the town, I may state, of that on one side, and close to the sea, there his was a staircase from the summit. of Ladder Hg Hill of 620 steps, with an inclined plane on tin each side, the vertical height of which is 500 cor feet a The rope to which the cart was attached, gn wheat being drawn up the inclined plane; bri broke, a few days before our arrival-the the cart was of course dashed to pieces. t St. Helena was discovered, by the Portu- Cli guese in 1501 ; the East India. Company took ria possession of it in 1857;: and 111 1815, j it he became the prison of Buonaparte. The length yo is ten miles and a half; the breadth seven ; eye and its distance from the nearest land is 1200 les miles. James Town is in 15 deg. 55 sec. 2 south latitude, and 3 deg. 30 sec. west Ion;'!- say tude. Diana's Peak, the most elevated point, inf rises to the height of 270 feet and Long- for wool! is 1500 feet above the sea and although ep< there is certainly home level land, I cannot see agree with those who say there is stone place in a plain of 1500 acres. When discovered, on this island was clothed with wood. Our excursions ended, we again embarked, abel found our way as once more bounding on the ocean, and riding upon the wings of the wind ; a pastime more suited, perhaps, to the estate of poets than of travellers', S. Journal of a Mariner. J.U B. Sierra Leone. It may possibly cause surprise in many, screen t state that the country round Sierra Leone is remarkably beautiful ; such however is the fact ;> nor have I seen many places which as oural more in picturesque and romantic scenery. 'J he mountains from which it derives its name, are continued in a chain extending 25 miles to the south, and about 10 to the N.W. of the town and are clothed to the summits with one of those dense forests so common along this coast. These elevations are rendered more conspicuous by the coasts for some hundred miles both north and south of the colony, being compa latively very low, The Sierra Leone river, called by the natives, Tngrim and Ritomua, is about 15 miles wide at the entrance, but gradually contracts to St George's bay, six miles from the town, where the width does not exceed five miles. It preserves this breadth for some short distance farther j and at Tom-, be, 25 miles from the bay, cqa«csito,bo navigable for large vessels ; there it towns two branches, 0.1 lied Part j Logo mud Rozelle rivers. Some of the views on it are particularly interesting, especially near Tiibs'o, the only island, besides France's and Tambo, that I observed. Oil the second, were the remains of a fort, formerly a slave factory, and the dungeons in which the slaves were confined are still, be seen, near this island is a group of rocks, rising only a few feet above the surface of the water, and constituting a kind of altar, on which the Africans were went to deposit rice, rum. or other articles, as an offering to the genius of the river ; a custom common upon many parts of the coast. W.H.B. / '- ' ; v ,. «.]< The inhabjjanísjrVf/the îiîçftbar'islapd«,! at thesent,ranco,jif Jun ^galf^jjßejxgdh have no notion of a God, but they believe, firmly in the Devil, andr^ofslfip is his from fear. In every village there of a high hole with long signs that 'na of an'ap,pfo)\c,hi'r|'gJ^torii)> they fancy it Jhc Devil^tends^thejÄ visit; -union ._i.-r._^_.i«i-pntoriif '-' is his ] fe going which many sujifirfttitipusiperenioriiea are performed. Whena maladies all his property is buried with him, ' and his wife must conform to custom by having a point out off from one of her fingers. - S a t I i ' < 1 7s' In Otaheite the body of a person deceased is placed beneath a shed, open at one end, was formed of a Lind'of4-wicker work, upon a 1 bier or frame of wood with a muttered bottom and supported by four posts, When j, the bones are stripped of their flesh And become dry they are buried with great ceremony. In the Fox islands, situated in the' bay of' Kamschatka rhapsodies of the rich, together with their clothes and arms were put into "his small boat: made of the. wood driven on shore by the sea;" this boat is suspended upon poles placed crosswise, and the body is thus left to rot in the open air. The friends of a Laplander are not very ready to attend him in his last moments, for as soon as he expires they quit the place with precipitation, apprehending some injury from his spirit, or ghosts which they believe remains we put the corpse, and takes all opportunities of doing mischief to the living. The deceased is deposited in a coffin by a person selected for the purpose but he secures him Reinf previously from any ill offices of the manes by a consecrated brass ring fixed on his left arm. The- Yacuti, or Sacha, a Tartar tribe that originally descended into Siberia from the high regions of the south? never mention the dead linley allegorically, and forsake the hut in which anyone has expired. Therburya dead person in business apparel, with his knife and other useful articles, and some meat, that he may not hunger on the road to the dwellings of hours. When the negroes of some parts of Africa suspect a person to have died in consequence of sorcery, they interrogate the corpse, which they believe gives an answer in the affirmative by impelling forward the persons who bear it, and the negative by a rolling motion. The person accused is seized and sold into slavery, and sometimes his family likewise. It of no value as a slave, the accused person is compelled to dig his own grave, into which he is thrust, the earth is then thrown over him, and a stake is driven through his body, The Arrawaks, a tribe of Guiana, have neither priesthood nor form of worship, they say that it is unnecessary to address the Greater, for as he is supremely just, he will not give anyone undue precedence on suppli- cation, neither will he willingly afflict Ins creatures. They attempt, however, by in- cantations to propitiate the exis principle. W.H.B. ne me of a principle. 