SNAULEYYOW.ORTHEDOG-FIEND. BY CAfTAIN MARRYATT. It was in the wintor of lfiOD, that a one-masted vessel, with black sides, was running along the coast near Beachy Head, at the rate of about five miles por Lour. The wind was from the northward and blew keenly, the vessel was under easy sail, and the water was smooth. It was now broad daylight, and the sun rose clear of clouds and vapour; but ho threw out light without heat. The uppor parts of the spars, the hammock rails, and tho small ¡rou guns which were mounted ou the vessel's decks, were covered with a whito frost. Tho man at ihe helm stood muffled up in a thick pea jackot, and mittens, which made his bauds appear 3S large as his leol. His nose was a pug of an intense bluish rod, one tint arising from the prosent cold, and the other from the preventivo checks which ho had been so long accustomed to take, to drive out such an unwelcome intruder. H is grizzled hair waved its locks gently to the wind, and his faco was distorted with on ¡mino berato quid of tobacco which protruded his right chock. This personage was second officer and steersman on board of the vessel, and his name was Obadiah Coble. Ho had been baptized Obadiah about sixty years before, that is to say if he had been baptized at all. He stood so motionless al the helm, that you might have imagined bim to have been frozen thoro as ho stood, were it not that his «.yes occasionally wandered from the com- pass on the binnai'le to th« bows of the vessel, and that the breath from his mouth, when it was thrown out into Un- clear, frosty air, formed a smoke like to that from the spout of a half-boiling tea- kettle. The crew belonging to the cutter, for she was n vesse1 in the ser. ice of his Majesty King William the Third, at this Unie employed in pro'.ectingbis Majesty's revenue against the importation of nla modes and lutestrings, were all down bo low at their breakfasts, with tho excep- tion of the steersman and lioiitenant-cum mandant, who now walked the quarter- deck, if so small an extent of plank could bo dignified willi such a name. Ho was a Mr. Cornelius Vanslyperken, a tall, jneagre-looking personage, with very nar- row shoulders anti very small head perfectly straight up and down, protrud- ing in no part, ho reminded you of some tall parish pump, with a groat knob at its top. His face was gaunt, cheeks hollow, nose and chin showing at affection for each other, and evidently lamenting the gulf between them which prevented their meeting, both nppenred to have frottcd themselves to the utmost degree of tonuity ,from disappoiutmont in love : as for the nose, it had a pearly, round tear hanging at its tip, as if it wept. Tho dress of Mr. , Vanslyporken was hidden in a great coat, which was very long, and buttoned straight down. This great coat had two pockets on each side, into which its owner's hands were deeply inserted ; and BO clo'0 did his arms lay to his sides, that . they appeared nothing moro thau as would battens nailed to a topsail yard. The only doviation from tho perpendicular was from the insertion of a speaking trumpet' under his left arm at right angles with his body. It had evidently seen much .service, was battered and the Japan worn off in most parts of it. As wo said be- fore, Mr. Vanlypcrken walked his quar ' ter-deck. Ho waa in a brown study, yet '. looked blue. Six strides brought bim to the taffrail of the vessel, six moro to the cows, such was the length of his tether and ho turned, and turned again. But there was another pcrsonago on the deck, a personage ol' no small impor- tance, as he was all in all to Mr. Vans lyperkcn, and Mr. Vanslyperkcu all in all to him: moreover, we may say that ho is tho hero of the TAIL. This was one of the uiltest and most ill-conducted curs which bad over been produced fiom promiscuous intercourse-ugly in colour, for ho was of a dirty yellow, like the paint served out lo decorato our men-of-war by his Majesty's dockyards-ugly in face, for he had one iwall eye, and was so fur underjawed as to prove that a bull-dog had had something to do with his crea lion-ugly in shape, for although larger than a pointer, aud strongly built, he wits roarsc anti shambling in his malro, with ] his forelegs bowed oui. His onrs and tail had novor been tlockod, which was a] pity, as the moro you curtailed his pro portions,] \ the bettor looking "tho curl would have been. But his ears, wero | tim to ribands by tbo various en counters willi dogs on shoro, arising from | the acidity of his tempor. His tail had lost its hair from an invctorato mango, and reminded you of tho sanio appendage in a rat. Many parts of the body wero bared from the sumo disenso. Ile car ried his bead and tail low, nnd bad a villainous, sour look. To tho eyo of the casual obsorvcr, tboro was not one re- deeming quality that would warrant his koop ; to tho»o who knew hint well, there ¡wore a thousand reasons why he should tbo hanged. Ho followed his master with tbo greatest precision nnd exactitude, walking aft as ho walked aft, and walking forward with the sam« rogular motion, turning when 1rs mastor turned, and, moreover, turning in tho same direction ; and, Uko his master, ho appeared not to bo a litllo nipped with the cold, and, as well as ho, iu a state of profound medita- tion. Tho name of this uncouth animal I wuo very appropriate to his appearancoj and to his temper. It was Snarleiyow. At last Mr. Vanslypcrken gave vent to his pent-up feelings.-" I can't-I won't slant! this any longor," muttered the lieutenant na ho took his six strides forward. At this first sound of his mas- ter's voice, tbo dog pricked up the rem- uants of his ears, and they both turned I ,aft.-" She has been n>w fooling mo for] six yearB ;" and as he concluded this j [ sonteuce, Mr. Vanslypcrken-and Snar | loyyow had reachod the tnffrail, and tho | dog raisetl his tail to tho half-oock. They turned, and Mr. Vanslyperkfti paused a moment or two,Jand coin pre sad his thin lips - the dog did the same. " I will have an answer by all that's blue 1" was the ejaculation of tho next sixstrides. The lieutcnantstoppod again, and Ibe dog looked up iu his master's faco ; but it appeared as if tho current of his master's thoughts wore changed ; for the current of keen air reminded Mr. Vanslypcrken that ho had not yet had his breakfast. The lieutenant leant over tbo hatch- way, took his batierod speaking trumpet fromundor his arm, and, putting it to his mouth,the dot k revorboratod with"Pass the word for Smallbones forward." Tho dog put himself into a baying attitude, with his fore feet on tho combings of tho hatchway, and enforced his master's orders with a deep-toned and measured bow, wow, wow. Smallbones soon made his appearance, rising from the hatchway like a ghost; a thin shambling personage, apparently) about twen'y yenrsold -a pale cadaverous face, high ch-ek-hones, goggle eyes, with lank hair, very thinly sown upon a head, which, like bad soil, would return but a scanty harvest. He looked liko Famine's eldest son, just arriving to years of dis- cretion. His long lanky legs were pulled so far through his trousers, that his bare feet, and half way up to his knqps, were exposed to the chilling blast. The alcoves of his jackol wore so shyrt, that four inches of bono above his wrist were bared lo view- hat he had none-his ears were very large, and the rims of them red willi cold, and his neck was so immeasurably long and thin, that his head appeared to topple for want of support. When ho had come on deck, he stood with one hand raised to his forehead, touching his hair instead of his hat, and the other occupied with a half-roasted red herring. " Yes, sir," said Smallbones, standing before his master. " He quick I"-commenced the lieu- tenant ; but here his attention was directed to tho red herring by Snarloy yow, who raised his head and snuffed at it< fumes. Among other disqualifications of the animals, bo it observed, thal he had no nose except for a r«.d herring, or a post by the wayside. Mr. Vauslyper ken discontinued his orders, took his hand out of his great coat pockot, wiped the drop from off his nose, and then roared out, " how tiaro you appear on the quarter-deck of a King's ship, with a rod herring in your fist." " If you please sir," replied Smallbones, " if I were to come for to go leave it in the galley, I should'nt find it whent I went back " '* What do I care for thnt, sir ? It's con- trary to all the rules and regulations of the service." " O Lord, sirl let me be off this time, ii's only a soldier," replied Smallbones de precatingly ; but Snarleyyow's appetite had been very much sharpened by this morning's walk ; it rose with theBvnell of ihe herring, so he rose on his hind legs, snapped the herring out of Smallbone's hand, bolted forward by the lee gangway, and would soon have bolted the herring, had not Smallbones bolted after him and overtook bim juBt as he had laid it down on the deck preparatory to commencing his meal. A fight ensued, Smallbones received asevere bite in the leg, which induced him to seize a handspike and make a h'ow with it at the dog's bind, which, if it had been well aimed would have put an end to all further pillering. As it was, the handspike descended upon one of the dog's fore toes, and Snarleyyow retreated, yellhrgs, to the other side of the forecastle, and as so >n as he was out of reach, like all curs, baytdin defiance. Small- o íes picked up the herring, pulled up his trowscrs to examine the bite, poured lown an anathema upon the dog, which was " May you be starved, as I am, you beast I" and then turned round to «o aft, when be struck against the spare form of Mr. Van slyperkin, who, with his hands in his pocket and his trumpet under his arm, looked un- utterably Savage. 'How dare ) ou beat my dog, you villain?" said the lieutenant at last, choked with pas- sion. .. lie's a bitten my 1 g through, and through, sir, replied Stnallbones with a face of alarm. " Well, sir, why hate you such thin legs then ?" " Because Bir, I gets nothi.ig to fill em np with." " Have you not a berring there, yen her- ring gutted scoundrel? which, in defiance, of all the rules of the service, yt u have broiiglu on his Majesty's qi a ter deck, you . areedy rascal, and for which 1 no&i;'ively .intend-" '. Itar'nt my herring, sir, it be yours for your breakfast the only ore that is left out of ihe half doren." This last rematk nppeared to somewhat pacify Mr. Vanslyperken. .' Go dawn below, sir," «»iii he, after a paus», " and let me know when my break last isrendy." Smallbones obeyed immediately, too glad to escape so easilv. " Snarleyyow," said his master, looking at the dog, who remained on the o'her sitie of the forecastle-.< Oh Snarleyyow, ioi -.hame ! Como here. Come here, sir di- rectly." But Snarleyyow, who was very sulky at tin loss of his anticipated breakfast, wa-, contumacious, and would not come. He stood at the other side of the forecastle, while li is master apostrophized bim, looking bin in the face. Then after a pause of in- decision, u;,vo a howling sort of burle, and trotted away to the main bnt>-liway, and disappeared below. Mr. Vanslyperken returned to the quarter deck, and turned as before. 