(From Bilff New Wecktk iteatnger, July 10.) — Mr. Danniel VVhitlle {{iaivey has ad.lres^d a letter lo the electors of Soutiwark, avowing his inten tion of retiring from the repiscntalioti of that borough h*;far? the close of llie presentsc-sinn. His motives are, he -ava, public and personal.! If the electors ire ilisa tisfied with his conduct on fine tecenl occasmM, be i- in turn dissali-ified with the ^omp-.-itinn of ihn Hnu-c. It is useli^s, he observes, to'dccliiin againsi ihe Lord* when there are 300 Cun-crviliics in the House of Ci-m- mons. The remedy should be sniKjhl in the 1 Ktunsiu.i and belter disiribuliun of tlie'franrlii«e, fo iIibi no ciii siitucney ehould consist of fewer than 1.0L0. Mr. Harvey has also a personal motive fur retiring His two year's ttrvice in Parliament has, he navs, been attended with a saciitce of, nt ibe least, £6000, in consequence of the regulation that Members should not act as I'arliarneniary agent*. Mr. Benjamin Wi.'od, brother of the Alderman, is a camli'hle lor the. llorough. It is reported that Mr. Henry V.'wiun. the lianker, is 10 come foulard in (he Tory i'lieicst, and lhal Mr. Travcrs, llie tea-merchant, is alsj a caudidate on the Liberal side. ItrcoKiiEns. — The following penllcmen have been appointed Hecoiders by Lord John Itussell ;— For Gloucester, David Jsrdine, Kfq. j Anilovr-r, II. llellen gor Ker, lisq. ; Tiveilon, John lyrell, Ksq. j H'igan, Mr Seagar. — The present fashionable season has been at least distinguished by one novelty, -that of two grave litads of Courts in Westminster Hall,: Lord Abinger and Chief Justice Tyndal, giving splendid cntettaiomenth— the one a juvenile ball, the oilier au elegant feti clwmnetre. What would the ghosts of Sir Matthew Hile aud Lord Kcnyon pay to this 1 The Siimt.vAt.iv.— The resignation of Mr. Teg?, who wan on Midsummer-day elecleJ one of the Sheriff-, was occasioned, it in said, by the contest for the profitable situation of Under Sheriff. There were thirteen appli cations to him from attorneys, for ihe appointment, and one from a gentleman ol Doctor's Commons. It is believed that be might, with the assirtaiicoof his friends, have been abls lo pel over this difficulty, but, in the midsl oflhc labours of dcci ling upon llie' most eligible candidate, he wan beset by funy lailors, who were each of them iniroduced by half-a-ilown friend* in the waid, and who were anxiuus to distinguish tlieni6el.es ai lailors of tasle, as well as influence, llie worthy book seller look fright at ibis funnidable exhibition, and paid the fine. — Mr. Jomes Wallack, it k said, is likely to be Ihe New Lessee of Drury Lane Theatre. He will, at all erenls, bo a great improvement upon Dunn. ? 'llie Scnatus of Marischal College, Aberdeen, on Friday Eu'nnighl unanimously elected the Duke of llich mond Chancellor of thai University, in the room of the lain Dnkeuf Ciotdon. 