ENGLISH EXTRACTS. 'South Australia.-The Order in Council for erecting the teiritory of South Australia into a British province, has been settled by the Law Officers of the Crown, and has been forwarded to Brighton for His Majesty's sanction. The new colony will be gazetted, forthwith. This is a satis- factory refutation of the assertions recently hazard- ed by some of our contemporaries, that the inte- rests of the new colony have been neglected at "the Colonial Office. Lord Glenelg has laboured as- siduously and successfully in effecting arrange- ments under which British settlers may occupy South Australia without invading the rights ol the Aborigines. The moral force of the country will go with Lord Glenelg in the performance of this good work, and he can well afford to disregard the passing censures which have originated in mis- conception of his motive. South Australia.-This new colony having been formerly gazetted, great activity exists among the Commihsiorers and Settlers, and the former have purchased one vessel and charlered another, for the conveyance of the surveyors, under the manage- ment of Col. Light, of the Engineers, who has recently returned from the service of the Pacha of Egypt, Government labourers stores,,&c.;, which will sail about the middle of next month. Captain HIndmarsh, the Governor, will follow shortly in the Buffalo. A vessel chartered by the South Aus- tralian Company, will sail from Liverpool next week. The chaplain and all other officers have received their appointments, the only military officer receiving pav being a son of Colonel Tor- rens,, the Chief Commissioner, as adjutant, as the only military force in the colony will be a local malitia.-Morning Herald. Aborigines-The following are the Select Com- mittee appointed this Session for the protection of the Aborigines of our Colonies :-Mr. Buxton, Mr. Hardy, Mr. Hawes, Mr. Bagshaw, Sir Rufane Donkin, Mr. Heiland, * Mr. C. Lushington, Sir G. Grey, Mr Pease, Mr. Barnes, Mr. Johnston, Mr. HIndley, Mr. Plnmtre, Mr. Wilton, Colonel Thompson. . Emigration to South Australia.-On Mon- day morning the ship John Pirie, Captain Martin, left London Dock for Gravesend, irom whence she was to sail on the. following; day for the new colony of.South Australia. She has,on board 20 agricultural emigrants, whose passage money is nearly all paid by Government from the fund de- rlved from the sale of land in the colony, and who intend settling in South Australia.. Transport.-The following paragraph, extracted from an English;paper, shows the high perfection to which transport has been carríed by the aid of scientific men within the last .few .years :-. " The mere cost, or money outlaid for, convey= ing a passenger on the Liverpool Railway ( the most perfect hitherto oonstructed), has during the last two years, averaged two shillings and eight pence 33-1Oths of a penny for a distance of S0" miles, or about one penny 4-10ths a penny per passenger, carried a mile ; while the average fare, exacted from passengers by the Liverpool Railway proprietors, for being carried these 30 miles at the before- mentioned speed, has been upwards of two-pence per mile. ”On the other hand, the average fare exacted from passengers carried along the Paisley Canal, (where, Mr. Houston’s improvements were first in- troduced, has, for the five years preceding the present year, 1835, amounted to no more than three-fourths of a penny per passenger, carried a mile : the average fare being in fact just 33-40th of a penny for each passenger carried a mile : or not much more than a third of the average fare exacted on the Liverpool Railway ; -or about one- half of the cost or money outlaid by the Railway Company in conveying each of their passengers one mile." Sir Waiter Scott and a Ghost.--"The most " awkward circumstance about well- authenticated hob goblins," said he, " is that they so often come and disappear, without any intelligible object or pur- pose, except to frighten people, which, with all due deference, seems rather foolish. . Very many persons have either seen a ghost, or something like one, and I myself among the number ; but my story is not a jot better than the others" I have heard, which were for the most part extremely inept. The good stories are sadly devoid of evi- dence ;the stupid ones only are authentic, There ís a particular turning of the high road through*' ttie forest near Ashestie!, at a place which affords no possible means of concealment; the grass is smooth, and always eaten bare by the sheep ; there is no heather nor underwood, nor caverh, in which any mortal being could conceal himself. Towards this very spot I was advancing one evening - please to observe it was before dinner, and not long after sunset, so that I ran no risk either of teeing double, or wanting sufficient light for my observations. Before me, at the distance of about a quarter of a mile, there stood a human figure sharply enough defined by the twilight. I ad- vanced : it stalked about with a long staff in its hand, held like a wand of office, but only went io and fro, keeping at the same comer, till as I came within a few yards, my friend all in an in- stant vanished. I was so struck with his eccentric conduct, that although Mrs. Scott was in delicate . Health, and I was anxious to get home to a safe dinner,- I could not help stopping to examine the ground all about-- but in vain ; he had either dis- soived into thin air, or sunk into the earth,, where I well knew there was no coal-pit to receive him. Had he laid down on the green sward, the colour of his drapery, which was dusky brown, Would l have "betrayed him at* once--so "that there was no practical solution of the mystery. I rode on, and had not advanced above fifty yards, when, on look- ing .back, my friend was there again, and even more clearly visible than before. Now, said I to myself, I must certainly have you! so wheeled about and spurred, Pinella, but the result was as before-he vanished instantaneously, i must can- didly confess that I had now got enough of the phantasmagoria; and whether it were a love of home, or a participation in my dislike of this very stupid ghost-no matter-Finella did her best to run away, and would by no means agree to any further process of investigation. 1 will not deny that I felt somewhat uncomfortable, and half in- clined to think that this apparition was a warning of evil to come, or indication of misfortune that had already occurred. So strong was this impres- sion, that I almost feared to ask for Mrs. Scott when I arrived at Ashestiel ; but, as Doctor Johnson said on a similar occasion, * nothing ever carne of it'. My family were all as usual, .but Í did not soon forget the circumstance, because neither the state of the atmosphere nor outline of the scenery allowed of explanation by reference to any of these natural phenomena producing appari- tions, which, however remarkable, are familiar, not only to James Hogg, as a poet, but to almost every shepherd in a mountainous district.-Gra~ ser's Magazine-Recollections of Sir Walter Scott. Amther Great Bore.-The columns of the Na- tional Intelligencer contain a recommendation for a subscription of one shlling-a-head on the citizens of the United States, for the purpose of boring ten miles in the earth to study its geology. EDITED, PRINTED,, ÀND PUBLISHED, BY CHARLES MACFAULL j At the Gazette Office, Perth Terms uf<8ûbsçriplion:--~lQr"6d. per Quarter, if paid in advance ; of, 12s. if paid at the end of. the Quarter. Single numbev One shilling. « Terms of Advertisements .\ ' Far Eight lines 3*. Qd : and 3d. per Um ¿bone this number. Advertisement* mutt U paid f&r; previously ia (wirti**. 