PUBLICANS-GAMBLING. We arc disposed to think lint there is. in Sydney, a much closer alliance between the words which wo have written above, than even the length of the "-:-'* would signify. Were we called upon by a stranger in thc Colony, to adduce imtne dioic practical evidence of the demoralized state of thc majority of tho population, wo would take him n walk through Sydney, and bid him note the number of public houses, and note also, thc number selected from ihe whole, into which any commonly decent mau would venture to unter. Tita enquirer would naturally desire to know how it is that so many obviously disreputa I Wc dens of vice-clustered thick as bees in I a hive-inanyonestrcct in Sydney,can iiod support } Wc would answer, that they are supported by tho vicious ; and wc would I add, that a revenue, mainly derived from this source, is one of tho facts upon which our "patriots" rely, as evidence of the. fitness of thc Colony for thc reception of I the free institutions of Great Britain \ Let thc "patriots** declaim as long as lhoy may, about natural justice, inherent right, and moral fitness, upon the revenue (a revenue lints accumulated) they invariably frtll bnck;-liku Swift's indiscriminating fly, after having extracted the nectar from " thc rose and thc carnation, they descend to finish their repast upon an excrement ! In no part of thc world ought greator caution be exercised before granting a license for thc sale of spirits, than in this ; yet, wc will venture to say, that in no country is there less. The moral capability of thu Paid Magistrates, evinced by the indiscriminate granting of licenses to all sorts of applicants-without distinction of persons-to tho twice-convicted felon, and to soma who have had the narrowest pos- sible escapo of a visit to Norfolk Island cannot be too strongly reprehended. They aro absolutoly without excuse. Notwith- standing all that may be urged respecting thc drnnkon habits of thc lower classes, wo arc satisfied that so great a number of public-houses as arc to ba found in Sydney, cannot bc supported by fair means ;-it is absolutely impossible that they can be-a great proportion of them aro receptacles for the vicious of both sexes, receiving houses fot stolen goods, and gambling houses. Nay, more, wo assert that these arc facts which must be wjthin the know« ledge of the officers of police ; and on that very account, afford incontestibic proof of the inefficiency or corruption of that body, which is maintained at such an astounding expenso to th« public at large, A recent transaction, however, which took place at a *' Family Hotel," will servo to tost the Sydney. Magistrates-it will enable the respectable public to judge how far their Worships are determined to insist, upon a strict compliance with the provi- sions of the Licensing Act-or whether they arc disposed to tolerate licensed gam- bling houses in the principal town of a Convict Colony. According to the notions of the worthy to whom we allude, so long as he keeps cards and dice out of the reach of the Convict mob who visit his tap-room, lie is perfectly justified in permiting- gen- tlemen (those who can muster half-crowns as entrance money) to amuse themselves as they may think proper in his " private drawing-room !" Why, by all accounts, this is precisely the manner of obtainiug admission to the " Hells" in London. \---" Facilis detcensus Averni; Tfoetes al que dies patel atri janna Ditis :"* that is, if the would-be gambler happens to have balf-a-crown in his pocket ! It is, indeed, high time that something were devised to place the keepers of public houses in this Colony on something like a decent fooling. Their calling enables them to exercise immense influence over the most depraved members of society ; and the competition which their numbers must create, impels them to exert that influence, too often, we fear,'to a criminal extent. In this Colony, the occupation of a publican ought only be permitted to men of tried good conduct, and not placed, as a dernier resort, at the election of persons with whom all other schemes have failed. No man, who had been a convict, and who, while serving a sentence in this Colony, had been convicted of any moral offence by the Magistrates, or by the Supreme Court, should be allowed to hold a licence. And all persons keeping public-houses, allowing others to gamble in thtir houses, whether in a tap-room, or in a " drawing room" at half-a-crown a head, ought to bo declared thenceforward incapable of holding a licence. Keepers of public- | houses, in this Colony, we would exclude from sitting on Juries altogether. Our suggestions would, if adopted, introduce a manifest improvement in the class ; but such is the demoralizing influence excited by the calling of a publican in a convict colony, that, in order "to make assu- rance doubly sure," we would, for some time to come, make the respective characters of juryman and publican incompatible with each other. We would do this upon prin- ciple, without any reference to individuals ; and, therefore, he who voluntarily sought a licence, would have no cause to complain if called upon, lo relinquish something in return for a concession made, to his choice. Something, we hope, will be done lo place the licensed publicans of this Colony upon a less objectionable footing-but if that something be not done-if measures be not taken to root out gambling-houses and receivers of stolen goods-it will become the duty pf the respectable Colonists to protest (so long as this may remain a con- vict colony) against the granting a public house licence to any mau who cannot produce the most unexceptionable reference as to moral character. ?Ma CONVICT WATT AGAIN !-Weare quite satisfied that the respectable Colonists can only arrive at a conclusion anything but flattering to the " powers that be," when they behold the public press, during nearly two years occupied, almost daily, witli míticos of. tim offences of a notorious Convict stiil under tl.c sentence of the law. Such persons will naturally ask themselves how it isthr.t other convicts are daily pun- ished for comparatively trivial offences, and others besides, deprived of their tickets-of leave, for offences almost equally trivial, while this convict is permitted to run a course of insubordination and crime-set- ting all discipline at defiance-almost un- checked! Surely, no man will believe that a connexion, disgraceful to some par- ties, and utterly at variance with the dis- charge of a public duty, does not exist be- tween this convict and some whom he well knows must protect him, or abide the con- sequences.. Sickening as the subject has become, it is still a duty to keep it before thc public when occasion serves ; because, by so doing, the attention of the Secretary of State and the British public must at last be directed to it, and an enquiry into all the facts connected with this notorious con- vict's career in this Colony eventually in- stituted. We have not yet heard anything respecting tho proceedings of the recent Commission of Enquiry to Hort Mac- quarie, to the expencq of which the public lias been put through the instrumentality of Mr. Watt, in addition to the rest of his notoriety ; but it seems that just prior to the commencement of the Enquiry, Watt was taken before the Magistrate on a charge of insolence and striking a Mr. Farrell. "The accuser proved Iiis case, and thc worthy official sentenced the convict assailant to-what does the reader think ? why-to beg pardon.' Yes, the sentence upon Mr. Watt, for gross inso- lence and «« assault, was to beg pardon .' Even this severity of punishment, however, he seemed very loath to undergo ; but something liko an apology having been reluctantly extorted from the scoundrel, at the persuasion, no doubt, of the worthy paid Magistrate, the latter told Farrell, " ho supposed that would be satisfactory," and dismissed the case ! . Highly satisfac- tory, we doubt npt, it must have been to Farrell ! For our own parts, it is a matter of surprise to ns, that he should have ob- tained even the ghost of an apology, even had his head been broken ! But what exhibitions of " convict discipline" in 183G does not Mr. Convict Watt afford in his own proper person ! We hear that Mr. Knowles is about to assume the management of the Theatre, should this be true, then we say, " so far sp good"-the public have, at least, a pro- mise of better things in theatrical matters. Mr. Knowles possesses dramatic taste, such a man may be expected to exert himself to give satisfaction to the respectable public, at)d should he so exert himself, he may rest assured of respectable support. A new steam-engine of twelve horse power has just been erected upon thc pre- mises of Messrs. Dodds and Davies, flour factors, Darling Harbour, which has been manufactured by Mr. Bourne of Sussex stroet, and whom, wc understand, has the means of manufacturing steam-engines i upon a much larger scale. The workman- ship of the above engine is said to be quite equal to European manufacture. . Virgil, f f The gatps of Hell arc open,night und day ; Smpolh the deiccnt, and easy i? ihe way . NOTHING VERY STRAA'OE IN BOTANY BAY.-It is said, at Hie last Campbelltown Quarter Sessions) a man was brought before the Magistrates sitting in summary juris- diction, when the Clerk of the Peace stated he had been informed that one of the wit- nesses for tiie prosecution had left the Co- lony, for Van Diemcn's Land. The Chair- man, however, directed Hie party to be called on his subpoena ; observing that, at thc last Quarter Sessions, an attorney had sworn to the truth of a similar state- ment, accounting for the absence of a wit- ness, whereas it subsequently appeared that the party in question had been kept out of the way ; but, at all events, had not left tho Colony. CATTIIE-STEALING, &C.-We; have re- ceived a letter from a friend in the interior, expressing much satisfaction at .the recent formation of a general Association for tho Suppression of Cattle-stealing. Our. cor- respondent, also, offers some hints which maybe worth taking ; but, at all events, we will submit to the judgment of our readers. It is suggested that a committee bo formed in each district, so as lo admit of the members assembling at the nearest Court-house, or some other central spot, at least once a month, or, at all events, once a quarter, in order to further the ob- jects of the Association. lt is also sub milted for tho approval of the members, whether a special constable ought not to be appointed, with power to ride amongst, and inspect every herd of cattle in the Co'ony, whenever he might think proper, and 1o report thereupon to the committee of the Association. In our opinion, taking into consideration the fact that cattle-steal- ing has become a sort of popular crime in this Colony, we think that no honest man ought to object to any means whereby even a chance may be offered of chocking this regularly organized system of plunder. As we have often and often said, we must not stand upon ceremony here-we must .act upon emergency-wo must check tho ca- reer of catlle-stealers by every lawful means. While upon this subject, we would call the attention of the local government, to the fact, that many stockholders pay wages in cattle ; and that this must be a fruitful source of crime. Tile authorities must see, that, so long as such a system is tolerated, cattle-stealing cannot be put an end to, whatever may bo the exertions ol associations for the suppression of this do- mestic crime. The general association, however, is loudly called upon to exert itsel in defence of thc general interests. Caltle stealers, routed from within the limits o the Colony, are now thronging with largi herds towards Menero Plains, and othei places supposed to be without the limits o the Co'ony. The practice of branding tin produce of stolen cattle is carried on io si great an extent, and with so much security thal the owners of herds are wholly at th mercy of their stock-keepers, lt is nol therefore, assuming too much to call upo: the stock- holders of this Colony, to cxei themselves in aiding the general Associa for the suppression of cattle and iiorse stealing, by every moans in their power. One hundred and sixty-two Shares 'i the Union Assurance Company, wei brought to the hammer yesterday by M; A. Polack, aud realized each, as follows : 10,50s., 33s. premium, to W. Wrigli Esq.-£41 10s. ; 10, 50s., 32s. Od. pic mi um, to W. Wright, Esq.-£41 5s. 10, 50s., 32s."premium, to J. Gilc.hris Esq.-£41 ; 10, 50»., 31s'. Gd-..prcmiun to J. Kenworth)', Esq.-£40 IDS.; ll 50s., 3ls. premium, to A. li. Spark, Esi -£40 10s. ; 10, 50s., 31s. premium, J. Kenworth)', Esq.-£40 10s.; ll 50s, 30s. 6d. premium, to Captain Gregoi -£40 5s. ; 10, 50s., 30s. Gd. premiui to Captain Gregory-£40 5s. ; 10, 50: 30s. Gd. premium, to Messrs^ Wilsc Brothers-£40 5s. ; 10, 50s., 30s. 6 premium, to J. Donnithorne, Esq. £40 5s. ; 10, 50s, 31s. premium, to j B. Spark, Esq-£40 10s.; 10, 50 31s. premium, to Messrs. Wilson Brothc -£4010s.; 21,50s.. 31s. Gd. premiui to Captain Gregory-£114 2s. ; 14, 50 31s. premium, to George Bowman, Es -£56 14s. Total-£658 6s. Speech of Mr. James Macarthur at I Public Meeting.-In yesterday's Sydn Monitor, Mr. Jame3 Macarthur is .i ported to have said, " If any gentlem could point out a method by which the v tuon» Emancipists could be admitted, the civil privileges of Emigrants) heshoi be glad to hear it, but, be would say, would not support it." The Reporte copy read, " but he would not say that would support it." Seventy-four geni men are also reported to have been presr About twenty-five gentlemen only attend -Reporter to Sydney Monitor. Monitor Office, Wednesday. The Annual Ploughing Match t< place at Newbury, on the 27tirullii There was considerable competition on occasion, aud prizes were awarded to amount of £10. After the match \ decided, a numerous and respectable ps adjourned to dinner at the hospitable si den ce of Henry Badgery, Esq. From zeal and good feeling which were mn fested throughout the day, there is ev reason to anticipate, that these annual tr of agricultural skill will be productive much benefit to thc district. Mr. Wallace's Concert last evening the Royal Hotel, was most respectably tended, and went off much to the sn faction of the audience. We have no ri for further notice of the Concert in paper, but will give the usual report in next. The Subscribers to the Sydney H are requested to meet at the Pu tcney Hi on Tuesday the 28th June, at two o'eli for the purpose of auditing the accou electing new members, &c.; &c.; THE PETITIONS-We have inscrtei our paper of to-day, a corrected repoi thc proceedings at the last Meeting of \ tho Monitor, and the Botany Bay ra call the " Hole-and-Corner" Petiti In what " hole" or " corner" was it the Monitor obtained bis report ? The remains of the Rev. Richard were conveyed to their final homo ye day afternoon, followed by a very j number of the inhabitants of Sydney, many gentlemen from the country. SHIP NEWS. Thc William Inglis will be the vessel for Europe, and is announce sail for London on the 10th instant. The Alice is undergoing repairs a Patent Slip, and will be succeeded b schooner Tamar, and brig Medium Packet, Thß cargo of the schoorfcr Elisabeth, ' from Launceston, yesterday, brings up 1,000 bushels of wheat, 1,500 kanguroo skins, 2j tons tobacco, 3 lons potatoes, 1 cask apples, 2 trusses hay, 1 cask wine, 4 bales carpeting, and 4 bales slops. Cap- tain Brown reports a brig off the " Mowo" on Sunday Inst, and a schooner laying too off Bateman^ Bay on Tuesday. The Elizabeth was only fourteen days down to Launceston, and not twenty-one, as erroneously reported. She has hauled to Barker's wharf to discharge.-Learmonth and Co., agents. Tho Black Warrior is not expected to sail for the United States before Sunday next. 