Hobart Town Police Report. Monday, August 8, 1836. John Hall, a seaman of the Nimrod, was charged with disorderly conduct on board the vessel, and committed one month to the House of Correction. Thomas Reed, John Somerfield, Daniel Conolly, Thomas Gardiner and Thomas Fitz- patrick were all fined 5s. for drunkeness. An-unusual number of assigned' servaritsj and other minor complaints, Were disposed of.1 Elizabeth! Hubbard wa9 charged with'as- saulting/a constable in the execution of hie duty.i The constablehad a »search warrant to execute on the defendant's'premises,« tempted toj search her bed, to which,she 1pB jected- rher/ conduct was represented as very viqlcrtt,' but her objection toi her bed- being searched appeàiied-to have been grounded on' motives ofcdelicacyv andîtbe Magistrates fined her only 5s.-2s. 6d. to the convict i ' Ritíhard Langford was ordered to a road party (from which he had, just returned) for two months for¡ gross misconduct and insolence to his master. i Mary Marney^ had complained of George Smith and Catherine Parsons, co partners, for having assaulted and< ill-used her without having given either of the firm the least pro- vocation. The parties appeared to be all of a piece-and whilst Mary was absent the defen- dants stole a march, and obtained their dis- charge, t0|Mary's cost of 11s. 1 Tuesday, August 9» Louisa Harris, a prisoner woman; who had been absent for nearly eighteen months en- joying herself at Brown's River, was now brought up by Constable Williams, to which charge she pleaded guilty. As she had taken so long a holiday, by way of making it up, her. original sentence was extended two years. The usual show of drunkards appeared this day. The office was crowded this morning at a very early hour with the principle merchante and tradesmen of Hobart Town-it being the i day appointed for hearing the particulars of the " Battle of Wellington Bridge." Mr. Rowlands appeared on behalf of Mr. Hackett, and Mr. Thomas Young for Dr. Scott. The infoi »nation on oath of Mr. Hackett was read-it charged Dr Scott with assaulting the siid James Hackett, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm. Mr. Hackett having been sworn*-was ex- amined at considerable length ; the purport of his evidence was, that he was on the day m question, walking with his friend, Mr. Brod- ribb, from Collins-street to Elizabeth-street ; on passing the Ship Inn corner, they passed Dr. Scott, who followed them to Wellington Bridge. Mr. Hackett said, " I« swear most positively that when on the briugs» Dr. Scott kicked rae before I struck him or menaced him in any way whatever." Witness was cross-examined by Mr. Young, and stated, that on passing Dr. Scott at the corner by the Ship Inn, he made use of the words " Richardson's Ghost ;" but he did not address them to Dr. Scott, but to another in- dividual ; but he (Dr. Scott) must have heard them ; he did not on the road from the Ship Inn to Wellington*Bndge make use of the words, " Richardson's Ghost," or use any other insulting language ; he also concluded that Dr. Scott must have heard what he said to Mr. Brodribb when they passed him at the Ship Inn; for just before they arrived on AVellington-Bridge he (Dr. Scott' addressing himself to deponent, said, " You are not man enough to take it out of the ghost-the ghost is too much for you"-and when on the bridge, he three times asked deponent if he meant'to insult him ; deponent twice said he did not want to have any thing to say to him ; and the third time he was asked, he said " I want to have nothing to say to such a fellow as you are." Dr. Scott then kicked deponent-a scuffle ensued for some time, and both parties were by turns very nearly over the wall at Wellington-bridge ; they were 'parted by Mrv Brodribb1; deponent also swore positively ¡that immediately'after the struggle he did not say'either" Richardson's Ghost," or " YoU murderer of Richardson ;" nor1 did he make use of the last-expression1 at all/ Several! questions were then put to de- ponent,! in order to' connect the1 phrase, " Richardson's Ghost'' with the present as- sault, ,by tproving that it waa intended to be insulting to Dr. Scott, and was Used to provoke him to commit a breach-of the peace. Much altercation took place on-the-subject between the parties, the Magistrates deciding that the questions ought to be answered. Mri(Hackett further stated that he did not îecolléct having told' Mr. Rowlands or Mr. Robertson, that he would irisult Dr. Scott by ' making use of the phrase ; he also said; that writhing under the* brutality of Dr. Scott's , treatment to hisLwife, he knew not what he rmghtr have said tb 'Mr. R. L. Muiray-he might have told him sof Mr Brodribb waWthen examined, who cor loborated the testimony of Mr. Hackett as to what "passed about *''Richardson's Ghost'* when passing Dr. Ssott. He also staled, that finding Dr. Scott following Mr. Hackett' and i himself, he said to Mr. Hackett,' " don't say ' any more^or we shall have'a row;"1 He also repeated what took ^place onsthe bndge as to I 1^e^kkkitíg¿.« 3ängerouFsltüätlon7öfiBb^h'"M sworó mvmvHackètl'dldOhb^n&itnWx;^ ¿Wsstóh'^« Richararotfe'/GHöst'^^nibre1 ina* pnce hi ÊliàabëtbVétriêét? (áüd'this was'alí'of aé^'stillí.rcousraer, that bW-MrV HfeëM \yero'Calíeaí:íii-ü'^I",>ti !;"-'UI 7"', '" 3!j;!'' '.1-)v',VvV i j Mn[Gifèt: Robert had' sëvéral'(convérsatibrisJ'wim''MW ' Hackett' abouti Dr5. SêoW; and .;tíe cöiisideredi froth"' What Mr.' Hackett tyäd fetàtëd to"'hifiij1 (Mr.1 Robertson) 1 that- thé- terni1 '''Rictíardson's -.G(hÔst" was .offensive' ,tb;théiDbctbíi,- äiüd' Wat tit] waWiritertdèd Whe^sb;;'-'. '? 'll - ?M ?"" . T-\f:°J /,' : i Mr. JÍ H, Mopreídeposedvttá^ {previous; he wai-waltäng'^withVpK Scott, iii ( MacqXiaHe-istréèt;10 when 'Mci.1 ;Hgtclcë.tt 'and/ ;so)më one else passed'theuV; and1 Mr. .Hackett, lopkin'gDr. Stott füll iritHe;fäceV saidht'ó; the' person he was with; " have you seen:Richard- son's Ghost." . .J'..i.:V.'.W ?..!-'??-. .:.??'!?-?. .Mr. G. Bilton deposedi;hát'hiEi wa*stabdihg iwith Dr; Scott- just- before- the;fracas; took ¿place; that, he saw Mr¿ Hackett and Mr, ¡Brodribb; pass, Dr;. Scott ; he heard Mi. Hackett say; "Richardson's Ghosts ''Several' times, quite lóud djetweemthe Ship' Inn and Wellington Bridge... Froni Mr.« Hackett's violent¡manner, he>wasled to notice particu larly-what! took'place', arid ' he watched ' them . to jthse bridge,! which ¡appeared1 äs' if it Was ¡the apppintéd place ¡of; action;- for'here-all parties' sttiqd, and'Mrj Hackett was flourishing-a stick, .an|d Dr. Scott kicked' Mr. Hackett,- and bit* his thumb for hirtii; ' ; . Augustus < Morriss^ one of the students in ¡the .Colonial Hospital; deposed that hèisaw'the whole transaction from begihingJ to end,1 he followed within;afewyàrd8 of Dr. Scott'froth1 the Ship Inn! to the bridge ; he; did not hear Dr. .Scott say anyi thing to Mr.1 Hackett,1 but heiheard Mr. Hackett several times* cry out' " Richardson's GhostV" he- also several times tuined his head half -round to Dr; Scott; saying i '* you know what you ajrer-^you know; what you are," and hissing,- When-they ar¡.' rived at theibridge, both parties spoke, he did : not hear what ¿they, first said, .but i he : after- wards heard Mr. Hackettsay, "pass on either villian, or scoundrel,,,' Richardson's Ghost;' you murderer of Richardson ;" 'they,! then cloèëd,.and the.scene;ended ¡as': before stated;* ...... Mi*., Rpbert ¡Caldwell gave nearly ; the same Terfei'on o^the; fracasion rthe bridgte>riat- any; rate, he'heard rough-language,; such as' villian and scoundrel, and suchil.iköi' ,-;,;?;, .. The. Magistrates, Messrs^ .Champ, and J; O. Gage retired a few, minutes-consulted,: and; on their return, stated they were of-opinion that the charge was" not .borne!" out by the evi- dence-they therefore dismissed'the case. . j.. Wednesday, : August j\0:¡,- ^ Mrs. Sarah Smith, dressed-in-bright green',;, made .a!.most formidable complkinst-.againsfr Eliza Stetman;,.,Her.-intimate..... acquaintance,; who had made free.with\some.of her apparel! .A lady's, indiscribable that; she had last;seen in-lier boxcwas ;missing,, but the .articles of most importance werea.pair of ladies' .cam- bric muslin trousers that she:had¡ only, a; short time before pulled off on ;her; return from ¿on; board ¡the Mmrorf,,, which pn< very-many. .en- quiries ¡ sHe found in the; possession of Eliza* . She was positive the relics now; exhibited byi Mr.j Póültriey, who carefully unfolded thenv and¡8pread out .to view were, the\same ;?! they; were lier own mafee-^-she; knew them ¡by r the' size!; they^cöritained fuilH .cambric!muslin,, and\ were every ¡bit of ¡them from ' top tó;^ (só.tHéy appeared)!tHey!;were \y!orth3sítat the: least. , ,3EUza said, nothing, in justification, t and' was¡sentenced twelve ¡months to hard/iabpur;; William Holmes,!, a \ seaman.of then .Rattle. Snake,) complained - that., he- had !. been ;pver tniglit^n!cömpany.!wi'^ 'at à house in St!«Gil'es^enjcying, himself,- atrdj just -ai he/had" hqused ¡himself ' for! the < nightit apd drbppsëdipff.in a^pse,twOßnien had¡cc»ínen and prderep} nirnVtp turn óputi,'when Mi found himself; jehev^!$ içn; H!aiiP cró^vns^ibutíbyj whom"He.could riot!,say/: Haying been,gather, ',8r°g¿y.'! JEupHflmiá pleàidejdt, innpçençsito.the. chargépf^rp bbéry,* bui! adimtted - she lived-, by '-. prostitution.. . She ¡ t Vas; s§nt; to, the Hçuseof^ !(COTreçtion!fpr.!two!;m .j.< ..-..'>.-;,-.; ','-'Mjr.:^weepçpmplairied(-that he wa;s walking , ¿lone Live'rpool.strèet, and remarked toja, man, named Fitch what .fine cattle, he .wasdriyingi and askeil them where^ He;got them. "; ; He anT. iswerjed' Mr; Sweep,b'y!drawingú a; thick stick! across'hisfacè.-^FinedfiOSi ; v.::, ,!.; ;;!;;:..f: ¡^.The.rExaftiiVie'r .of .Weights and Measures; ;áppíeared.' this : day!; tp¡ co.mpíáin;, of ; several{ ¡ pêfsoris,. .'for ! breaches.!, of .../the -Weight, and ! Measure;. Actp.Óne'jp^^ ips.-^ !ffie!óth^rWdÍ8c^iárg^!,!!,!j!!. ; rr! 'l. " vV)w \; ,',! Ellen'Taylor, who has been, ^pvmany^ times' 'aVthisofficej^haying. had ajtolera^ie run,twas; ^dered-fer; retirement- at thf^CasçadrFactoryT for one month. t ( »f ^ ¡ ,, ^ " o * ' John "Murphy; a" whaler to Mr. Fmlay's estabttshmêhti' waa oMered; two* caléhdar rdonths ttfthte Hotfetf'of Correetriinrfor1 breach bHiis contract.' ''' .'jíioIoJ T , i i A constable was- dismiSsebV norn' the; police' and sentto a: road gang, for havin^ferhpidyeda0 convict in tin* pnbhé works to entrap1' a"jrtpYiJ licanioh Suridaylastreö'as id enable hirii-(the1 constable) to'lay att information1 against! bim, forBdUirjg"8pirity>o1n-a-Äuhday\0 f'! » ,J !i" ' I Maria Holden ahdMaïia'QliVer weroséàcT finéd 5s. for drunkenness ' . "« : Thursday, August 11 Mr. Swift appeared this day in support of his informations against James Clare, Hannah Clare, and William Budd, for breaches of the Licensing Act in retailing spirits . The first case was against Hannah Clare: The witness stated he knew Clare and his wife, and on the evening in question, went with another person to the defendant's house, as Perkins, the constable, another witness had promised to speak to Mr. Morgan, and get him made a District Constable, and promised him half the fine in case he got any spririts. "I did not ask you for that," said the Dean ; "NO," said the Magistrate, "but we may as well hear it-it is quite enough." The witness signed his statement, and the case was dismissed. The Dean wishing to be in charity with all men, then withdrew the other two cases. Several charges were madè'agÉuns^persons by" constables for breach of the Police Act, in indecently exposing their persons,,but none of them seemed of that magnitude, as to £merit the1 heavy fine of £5, which is im- perative. Elizabeth1 Lee1, a fourteen years ^icket-of leave woman, was charged with_stealing,a quantity of fire-wood, and her sentence ex» tended twelve months. ( Jane Bailey was1 complained of by her husr band, who stated that, notwithstanding he al- lowed her' a comfortable maintenance, and she has" agreed by deed, to live apart 'fi-om him, yet'she "constantly annoyed him with her visits. On this last occasion, so violent*was her de- sire towards him, she had dashed her head through a sash window, and broke aJ glass pane, and all to get at him. Such excessive ,paroxysms alarmed bimi and he feared a re- petition of heï visits. Site 'had been confined (over night, and fined 5s. for drunkenness-on jthia charge, she Was ordered toJfirtd sureties. John Elliott and James Halbard, two Well1 known' characters on the towrt, ' ahd at this Office, werfe'charged with robbing' a seaman of the Rattle Snake. Having exercised their1 ingenuity on the poor fellow1 When- drurik, they escaped detection We wonder that Mr. Swift and others} who ought to know'every^ thing, and can discover so1 rfiany' grog 'sellers1 by their art, did not know these two getttle ment were fit subjects'for the tread-wheél, under the Vagrant Act. [There would'be» no! fine obtained by such a proceeding', ann' that is sufficient reason for'Dean Swift's not inter- fering.-Ed.] Friday, August 12 Joseph Lacey was fined 10s. for assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty. It appeared he was drunk, and in his rambles, lost £17, which was afterwards found. Thomas Ai mstrong, ^nn Rob(ley, William Hams and John Gidney, all persons of noto- riety in their line of life, were each fined 5s. for drunkenness. The persons' charged with having been con- cerned in the late robhery) of the Tamar schooner, in the river Darwent', were again examined. The property has been found at the house of Sharp, who' absconded directïy, after the robbery was disaovered by Constable Smith. More property ha^ been found, at Sharp's house, (he'beingabsentJby^Constables ThdrriäS Swifti and Nicholas Clark-both these officers have bfeen ver^ 'active and vigilant \ti this business ;' the latter appears to fie one of* the most intelligent' and efficient officers of the police; by his exeriions, a valuable gold watch has been traced, and1 found'among this nest of marauder, that was stolen from a shop xxi Hobart Town nearly 12 months back; Saturday, August J 3, John Biadley and George Henson ¡were charged with stealing, two ships* blocks. Bradley was discharged, and Henson's sen- tence extended three ¡years; I uoAjnn Callaghan was charged with having in her possession a twenty pound note,, supposed' tojbe parti of the property recently stolen from* Mr. I Cartwright.-Remanded» i > j ? Pairick Burley aud Henrys Chadwick, were fined 5s. each for)drunkenness. > George Eastman was charged by a constable i with threatening., to kick his brains out when on:duty. Abbott, a free man, who was m 'Eastman's! company, gave a, very different version of the story.-Fined 5s, i Samuel Jones Was ordered 12 months to a road party foridrunkennfess, and makingf away with his master's property, i r Tyvo persons were charged hy some con- stables'with indecently exposing their persons.1 We observe a number of charges of this ' kind are made by new constables whb daily ;creep into office fon ¡no other object butt pecuniary gain. The charge nas dismissed by Mr.~ Champ. \ s i J ' fHi ' iiv ^ I " i 