COLONIAL LITERATURE. Poet's Corner ORIGINAL. MY MOTHER'S GRAVE. [BY P. H. VALENTINE.] Spirits—oh yes, there are forms of air, Wand'ring at times through this world of care; They come like the moon's soft tranquil light, Cheering us on through life's gloomy night. I have heard of ghosts and goblins grim, With their glassy eye-balls fixed and dim; Roaming o'er church yards, and lonely plains, Whose yells chime in with their clanking chains; And I have smiled at such maniac theme, 'Tis the murderer's fear—the hectic dream— Oh! yes, they have minds but ill at ease, Who paint such wild spectre forms as these I came from the sea—I'd been long away— I came on my Mother's funeral day! Strangers stood round her, that knew not me, None strove to soothe my deep agony. My father had long been in the tomb, My sisters died in their youthful bloom; My brave, my only brother was slain, Fighting the foe on the battle plain; I and my mother were left alone; There was none to soothe her widow'd moan; Not one, save me, on this friendless earth, To cheer her sorrow or share her mirth, And yet I left her in youthful pride; I left her in poverty, and she died; I was not near her to close her eyes, To mingle tears with her dying sighs. What were her thoughts as her spirit fled? Did she pardon me on her dying bed? Or did a deep malediction rise, On her thankless son, to the boundless skies? Ah! me, is it not a sad sight to see On a lonely heath, a withering tree? Not even a briar, or shrub at it's feet, To share the cold blast, or the scorching heat. And was I not like that blighted tree, All desolate in my misery? I stood by my mother's corpse alone, The last of my race, all, all were gone. I will not dwell on the wild thoughts now, That swept like a storm o'er my burning brow, As I gaz'd on the placid form beneath, Hush'd like a calm, in the sleep of death. Time cured not my grief—weeks, months, had flown; I stood by my mother's grave alone; Yet grief was tinctured with joy when I gazed, On the flowers I planted and Heaven raised. I stood beside my mother's grave stone. 'Twas not when the evening's fitful moan Was heard,—or at midnight's sombre hour, When the damp dews fall, and dense clouds lower. 'Twas one summer's morning, serenely clear, When grass grew green, and the earth looked fair: And shapeless clouds of a nameless hue, Look'd gaily bright and beautiful too. I felt as I had not felt before, Since her corpse was borne from our cottage door; My gaiety must have been Heavenly mirth, My earthly joys were buried in Earth. As I gazed on the flowers, a flashing came Before my eyes, like a meteor flame; It was not the sun, though the sun shone bright, 'Twas a splendid, dazzling, glorious light! Ye atheists do not my tale deride, My mother's spirit stood by my side! Her sainted semblance upon me gleam'd, All young and lovely to me she seem'd. Yes—mildly beautiful,—chastely bright, Like a silvery cloud enshrin'd by light; Not like the aged form from we riven, Though old on earth she was young in heaven; And yet I knew 'twas my mother's shade, A filial awe did my mind pervade. I had seen such form in my dreams by night, As now stood before my dazzled sight. No dread came o'er me—what should I fear? She came not to harm me, she came to cheer,— To tell me my follies were all forgiven, By Her—Oh ! may they be pardoned by Heaven. And there was a smile in her spirit eye, As her white hand pointed to yon blue sky, A lambent glance of ethereal fire, That spake her one of the heavenly choir. I would have spoke, but that form had fled, Like a phantasy of the feverish head, Gone, like a worldling's golden dream, Like the clouded flash of a sunny beam. I listened intently, I gazed around— I saw no movement, I heard no sound, Save the soft murmuring morning breeze, Singing among the geranium trees. 'Tis past—I have seen that shade no more, My fate has borne me from shore to shore; And life's rough tempest I now can brave, For peace was restored at my Mother's Grave. 