PRLOS]+LYTES "TO' T'HE IRO'MISH RE STO THE EDITORO, FTIE COLONIST. Sh?r--- have" never "read thiree "°ages+ of any P-riotestant :piblication treating' of: Cathloligi.prin - ciples' or practice without, ;noticingsome mistake .or misrepresentatiln. This. is strange, yet trued "Yar' Co"riesi tide'-ii- A 'En- iquirier," and your remarks ','on' 'that.: sagaciouii's"Enquirer's qguery , illustrate: my observation'. :sTheL.Enquirer; states, Atatt Walker land Gore,became Roman Catholics; af'ter .conlemnation-a mistake. These men oought for and reeived Catolic. instruiction bejbore trial. 'l-Walker was prevented on, oiie, occa siqn :from attetiing : Catholic: prayers,'stillh the fgtestant Chaf ens rmission would be had I The keeper of t soi had no, right to .pre, 'verit aniy risor?' frbin: attending w:hat prayers ;or: worship he ~J:l? s besti Catholic prisoners inmay attend Proto t worship if' they think fit, without askingxf itholic Chaplain's permit 'ion. Hanc vefniqrn petimus damusque vicissim. if there is a moment in man's life,. in which he sh uld have a free ' and 'i'rrestricted 'choice` of forniing<,lear and accurate 'ideas 'of" the'triiths of r 'ligion, it..is: when =hi .,is. soon to appear before 'Hin who revealed all ,true!. religion.... I have at-, iended several to execution, who; like Walker afnd Gore, neever turned thdir'attention to 'the 'Catholic religion, till they came into the'prison. Is-never- used aliy' influence' with any oft these :persons to become Catlic~iis; they of their own .choice, attended. my- instructiong or sought an interview with me. To 'attend 'the;' ostv wretched of mankind in their last' awful mmomets painfful dufty, a.dutyy which nothing 'bhut of religi!qns could enforce, and the author "of rieligion' alone' canr reward. "An Egnquirer talks of ;stage:" effect, -and " -crosses painie? !'.--a' mis:. .tatement. ; Those. who prepare' .th e, hirts:, and caps make a cross with tape oiheml, if the culprit wish. it, there is. no ;painting, for stag effect. I never gave any directions about crosses; bht' would fiobtdiscourage a i'ant? oi th'e iitt -of death `from! havirig some =eniblem to rm?ei iiu?b of the death of Christ, from-whose, merits. and atonement alone he hopes. for mercy.; .Iishould iot ise the taun:t f a Protestantfdignatory3, who 'iasfdorced oiP'tlie illhfated "Queen ot Scots at the saffold. :This Job's comforter, noticing a cru-i cifix in "the: Queen's hands, sneeringly said, .' -You!ashould have Christ in your heart. not in your.. hand :".. to, which Mary (;Stuart • properly and pointedly, replyedd, " How can I have the sign of the crioss in my hand, without having the lbve of Him if ni'my heart, who died for 'me, on the 'cross?'' :V . ''' :" : .. ; To',the qu'ery does! or 'does, not the doctrine of absolution of sins,:by mere mortal man,' TEND tO the commission of crime;: I answer,,lst,.it.did not and -could not tend: to the, commission of crime, in those who held no such doctrine till ifter crimes were committed; 2d, no Catholic believes that mere" mortal"iman has arny'power of- -himself to, absolve from- sin.. The': Catholic Church teaclies that:Christ had powe. to::forgive silns and/gave, pawert,t.:his ,.apostles,to',forgive. sins in his name anid by his merits, to,those who sincerely repent and give sufficient .signs of their repentance. Do y 'oi believe in origiial' si' and in ifi re mission -by baptism'. admiiistered; ;"by i moirtal man? If so, you believetthat ,mortal may 're ceive power, from. God to forgive sin. ,,,:What:do you?read in the Bible? Christ arisen fiorm the dead 'salutes his 'A pstles 'saying, " Peace be with yoii.' As"thie` Father hath i'seait imne also' send' you. 'iWhen ,he' said .this, he ,breathed on them: and he, said :to them':.i Receive ye 1the Holy Ghost, whose sins you, shall forgive they 'iiare foigi'ven them." -John; ?x." As 1 am not vwriting.an'articl on' tis point of Catholic faith Iw ill not adduce the other Scripture textisprov ing this doctrine, but will state. in a few.words the' belief'of, the Church on this, head.' The Church teakhes "'that siricere re?net? ?ice, that is, sbrrowv"' of mind; 'joined 'to a 'firm' resolutioni` of amendmernt is, at 'all times, so ;necessary, that without it'tliere canbe no remission: of.. sin---that when a sinner repents .of his'sins from his.heart aind 'ack'nowledges his transgressions to ood' and t'o his' iniisiers', the diisiense's of' thi insteries of :Christ, resolving to: turn:from: his evil Wvays, and1to :hrinig:forth friuits w orthy of,penance, there is; thent and not otlherwise, an .authority left by Chirist io absolve such a penitent sinner from his 'si is wich ai??hoiity. we 'lli&eve; Christ gave to his Apostles and their' successors, 'the Bishops an'd: Priests of his";Church, in;; those?- words; '" Receive .ye the H9LGhost, &c.;," John, xx. Can such doctrine tend to the commission of eriine'? "If it does, you may as wivell say that the belief iii the mercy of God, :who 'wills ndt the tleth of' a' si'dner, but that he may be converted ianpd live, tends to the commission' of siti! Wish ing that you may be as far fiom the commission of ay sim', as the doctirine of the Chuirch is froin ¼ ' tending, in any way, to encourage it; then you yvould .not run the danger of bearing falsewit= .ness,.against your neighbour, and I would not l. under the necessity of correcting such misstate. ments as those contained in TILE COLOlNST. Yours in.truth, M LAOHL ,BMIENCROE. If Mr. M'Encroe means to assert, that. the power of absolution by the priesthood I inerely declaratory-that is, the power of simply de claring. to the.sinner. that. |iis sins;aret forgi?n?n proivided ehe truly repents anid belives; li'gv F.es up the point altogether, and ;tafinds on;'rotes tant grounds. This declaratory, pow?i iryi:S sessed;, not "only by ailpriests, but-iy all??Bi. men too It is, in fact,' only an echoing of the Saviour's owi' 'affirimation, "'HIe thit believeth and is baptized shall be saved." But is this a fair exposition. of ,the IRoman. Catholic,doctritie of absdlution, asunder:tood and believe-by the great bulk of the Catholic Chuirch ? `Ask any ten Catholics- of plairi: understandin ,,?iacu's, t6omed: to. metaphysical wire-drawing,?: wh'etlier their:priests have power to giverthem p.bsolutiori for their sins; and nine, of thema wil without hesitation answer in the affirmative. . 