English Extracts CURIOUS CHiNESE SUPERSTITIONS.-Among the principal are" money-swords," consisting of' a num- ber of ancient copper coins, each with a square hole in the middle fastened together on a piece of iron, shaped like a sword, with a cross hilt. These are suspended at the heads of sleeping couches and beds, that the supposed guardianship of the 'sovereigns' in whose reigns the coins were issued may keep away ghosts and evil spirits. They are chiefly used in houses or rooms where persons have committed suicide, or suf- fered a violent death ; and sick people sometimes resort to them in the hope of hastening their recovery. -Davis' Chinese. BREAD CUTTINO MACHINE.-We had lately the pleasure of examining a newly invented machine for cutting loaf-bread, the credit of which is due to Mr. Blaikic, an ingenious gun-maker in Glasgow. In its machinery it is quite plain and simple: and nothing could well be more easy and satisfactory than its operation. The loaf being placed in the proper re ceptacle, the operator raises the handle of the ma chime, when by a simultaneous motion of the internal machinery, the loaf is shifted forward to the proper, place, the size of the slices having been previously determined by fixing the index hand of the regulator at 'the desired distance. The handle being then brought down, the slice falls into a box beneath. A. quartern loaf may be cut in this manner in half a minute; and cut, too, as smooth and even almost as. polished marble, and without breaking it into crumbs, as is unavoidably the case by cutting bread in the ordinary way.-Scotsman. JOHN KNOX.-John Knox died with much piety. and composure, and was buried on the day on which, the Earl of Morton was chosen Regent of Scotland; who, with several other noblemen, attended his fu neral, and pronounced his eulogium in these words: "'There lies a man, who, in his life, never feared the "face of man; who hath been often threatened with dag and dagger, but yet bath ended his days in peace and honour. For he had God's providence. watching over him, in a special manner, when his very life was sought." It is to, be 'observed that Morton had often come in for his share of his severe reproof. The unhappy Mary, Queen of Scots, was the .great 'enemy of Knox, and she is said to have been miore afraid of his prayers than of a whole armyr; but he facetiously said, that there was nothing in the pleasant face of a lady to affray him; so far from it he assured her, that 11 If there were any sparic of the spirit of God, yea, of honesty or wisdom in 'her, she would not be offended with his affirming iin'hi sermons, that the diversions of her court were diabolical crimes, evidences of impiety, or insanity." -Mliliman's Hist. Def. THE SEA's BOTTOM.--The bottom of the basin of the'sea seems to have inequalities like those of the' surface of continents. Were it dried up it would present mountains, valleys, and plains. It is covered almost throughout, by an immense quantity of testa ceous animals, or those who have shells, intermixed' with' sand and grain. The bottom of the Adriatic Sea is composed of a compact bed of shells, several hundred feet in thickness. A celebrated diver; em' ployed to descend into the Strait of Messina, saw there, not without horror, enormous polipi attached to the rock, the arms of which being several yards long,,were more than sufficient to strangle a man. In many seas, the eye perceives nothing but a bright sandy plain at bottom, extending for several hundred miles, without any intervening object. But in others, particularly the Red Sea, it is very different; the whole body of this extensive bed of water is, literally speaking, a forest of submarine plants and corals, formed by insects, for their habitations, sometimes branching out to a great extent. Here are seen the madrepores, sponges, mosses, sea mushrooms, and various other things, covering every part of the bottom. The bed of many parts of the sea, near America, presents a very different, though a very beautiful appearance. It is covered with vegetables, which make it look as green as a meadow; and be neath are seen thousands of turtles and other sea animals, feeding thereon. There are some places of the sea where no bottom has yet been found'; still it is not' bottomless. The mountains of continents seem to correspond with what are called the abysses of the sea. The highest mountains do not rise above 25,000 feet; and allowing for the effects of the ele ments, some suppose that the sea is not beyond 30,000 feet in depth. Lord Mulgrave used, in the Northern Ocean, a very heavy sounding lead, and gave out along with it cable rope to the length of 4680 feet, without finding the bottom. But, the greatest depth' hitherto sounded, was by Captain Scoresby, who, in the Greenland Seas, could find no bottom 'with 1200 fatboms, or 7200 feet of line. According to La Place, its mean depth is about two miles, which, supposing the generally received opinion to be cor rect, as to the proportion the extent of the water bears to the dry land on the earth's surface, would make about 290 millions of cubic feet of water. STEAM POWER.-Such are now the improvements made in the propelling wheels of steam-boats ,with` fixed paddles, by Mr. E. Galloway, that the shocks' on their entering the water are now entirely done away, and no back-water is lifted, and thus the swell occa sioned thereby is removed; and they likewise present' no mark for the waves of the ocean to strike against. Mr. Jacob Perkins has likewise invented a new pad-' dle-wheel possessing similar valuable properties. He has also greatly improved the tubular boilers of'the' high-pressure steam-engine, and rendered them per fectly safe, and also his steam-generators both for steam-engines and his powerfulsteam-gun; so that by these improvements, together with the new condensor by whieh the water of the sea, rivers, &c; , is made 'to' perform the important office of condensation without carrying their water for that purpose; we may now: confidently expect to see a steam-boat communication realised with the United States of America, if niot even to more distant parts of the globel1 Ever, (says an intelligent and amusing writer inh -The Mirror), eschew the company of the unw'orthy~ sinner who, himself un provided with any of the m ilk1 of human kindness, wvithi a perversity amrouniting to insanity, even shuns the presence of the mild'luid iii his coffee or tea; be sure thathie isa' mnorose, peevish, Sand suspicious man, fit only for 'one of two sitriatioin' \- in life, viz., public executioner or 'editor of an abu 1 sive and libellous journal. 1If a man will look at most of his prejudices, he I will find that they arise from the field of view being Snecessarily narrow, like the.eye of the fly. Hie can Shave but little better notions of the whole scheme of Stjiings, as has becen well said, than a fly on the pave-' *merit of St. Paul's Cathedral can have of the whole Ssitructure. lie is offeinded, therefore, by inequalities, Swhich are lost in' the great design. This persuasion will'foitify him ngainst muanyoinjurious, and troubles some' prejudices.--CECIL.. ' THE PRESS in TURKEY.-At ; late meeting of the Royal Asiatic Society, a very interesting conversation took place, in which Mr. Urquhart, Secretary of Legation at Constantinople, Sir Alexander Johnstone, and Sir Gore Ously took part, on the propriety of opening a literary intercourse with Turkey, as the key to a vast portion of the continent of Asia, by having the standard works in English literature translated into the Turkish language, and those of Turkey in return translated into our own. It was considered that in addition to this Society, the Oriental Translation Fund would forward such an object, and that the first on which the trial should be irade should be a work on the Arts and Sciences of this country, or one of our most popular Encyclo paedias. The Chairman stated, that in a conversa tion with Namick Pacha on the subject, that illus tripqrs individual entered warmly into these views; and further, that the Pacha of Egypt had sent over to this country competent persons for translating such English works as were considered desirable. Mr. Urquhart stated that the newspaper lately established inTurkey, under the authority of the Government, circulates 5000, although so few means exist of making its distribution general in that country. The rqmarkable influence of the press was shown, inas much as with this comparatively limited circulation, he had seen chieftains whose names had been exposed writhe severely under its influence. A palace had been appropriated for its publication, the printing presses having been procured from England, whilst the journal was under the superintendence of M. Blaque, the former Editor of the Courrier de Smyrne. A proposal had recently been made to republish The Penny Magazine in the Turkish language, the Go vernnment finding translators for this purpose. Sir Alegander Johnstone warmly complimented Mr. Urquhart on his feelings on the subject, considering that these suggestions threw out the best means for the improvement of the moral and political condition of the country. The Turks, when the newspaper called The Taak vimi Veekai first appeared, had no conception of any amusement to be derived from such a thing; but, like children, when their curiosity was once excited, it knew no bounds. The publication of the news of the empire in this way soon became the universal attraction. The paper made its way to the coffee houses, and the same Turk that I had noticed before dozing, half-stupified with coffee and tobacco, I now saw actually awake with the paper in his hand eagerly spelling out the news. But the most usual mode of communicating it are news-rooms; and a place is taken where those who wish to hear it assem bled. A stool is placed in the centre, on which the man who can read sits, and the others form a circle round him and listen. The attention paid is very different to that which I saw them give to a story teller. There was no mirth or laughter excited, but all seemed to listen with profound attention, inter rupted only sometimes by a grave ejaculation: of " Inshallah," or " Allah Karim." The first thing a Turk' of any consequence is anxious to know is, whe ther he has been mentioned, and, what is said of him; 'and in this he shows a sensitiveness even superior to a Londoner or a Parisian; because, as the Sultan is the virtual editor, his opinion of a man is of some importance.--Dr. Walsh's Constantinople. INDUsTRY AND PUNCTi ALITY.-We scarcely know of any other word: in our language which lias been so completely and fatally misapplied as the 'word ":genius." Young men too commonly suppose that genius, or, in other words, aptitude for a particular parsuit, conjoined to inclination for it, exempts them from aiming at any other requisite for success in it. They seem to suppose that there is something vulgar and unworthy in that steadfast application to any given pursuit, which they think proper to speak of as "plodding." And yet the history of almost' every really eminent man, no matter in what pursuit he has signalised himself and served mankind, abouxnds with proofs, that to steady industry fully as much, as to genius, have all really great' human achievements been. attributable. Great scholars for instance, have always been, not merely laborious, but they have studied both methodically and regularly; they have had for every portion of the day its proper and allotted study, and in no wise would they allow any one portion of time to be encroached upon by the study to which another portion was especially appro priated in their fixed plan of action. 'Trie numerous anmd, considering the barbarous state of learning in bis, time and country, the really marvellous attatn ments of Alfred the Great, King of England, were won far less by any very striking and brilliant original, catpac~ity than by his herculean powers of application, and by the steady resolution with which he applied 'the vanious portions of his day to the pursuits in which he found it necessary to engage ; and surely ifhe could do this, it would ill become the more humbly gifted attd infinitely more humbly situated student of our owvn times to think industry and steadiness, other wise than necessary. Another important virtue, which the, inordinate' admirers of the fits and starts which they call genius, and think so brilliant an ac quisition, are too commonly in the habit of both, thinking meanly of and speaking meanly of is punc tuality I and yet, there is not a quality of greater im portance to the man who would be, either useful or prosperous. Lord Nelson attributed his success in life far more to his punctuality than to his genius. Peter the Great, Frederick of Prussia, Washington, Franklin, Newton, and Napoleon-in short, all men of great, merit and success have been distiuguished for inidustry and punictuality. To those who never nerved, themselves to the task of being industriostis and punc-' tual, the wonderful power of b eing so can. scarcely be imagined. ''',.' CU[oaJsoutxPERIMypT;WXTH A Tu,xIP.--Tbp .butlb of a tulip irtevery reppect~resemble~s therbuds,,exeqpt~ I in tie b~ulb being produced under ground. It inludesr I the leaves an4 the flower, in miniature, wmichi, nre, to,t be expand~ed ,iry the, ens~uing spring. By cauti~ously,1 cutting~, is the early spring, th rough the, concentrim, coa~tsof a~tulip-root, longitudinally from the. top, tof thme.bane~, and taking them ,o11succeseively, the:,wholp, 8 fiowers~oK the next sumnwr's tulip is, beautifully,. Seqn,. 5 by the naked eve, with its petls, pistil,au stg~ . 1 e A toad, imbedded in an apparently solid mass of n stone, was discovered last September, in afield at W., if to the utter horror of the operator when the shivered 3, block disclosed its unsightly inmate. The creature if thus instantaneously 'restored to light and life, hopped e vigorously away before the momentary surprise had y been surmounted; and being hotly pursued by a dog 'e which was standing near, it escaped beyond recovery )f into the long grass and weeds of the neighbouring s hedge. The colour of the toad was an ashy brown e pale and sickly. The interior of the stone was moist, n and the upper portion had been hollow, but was too e much broken to allow of a minute examination. The )f stone was such as is found among the common schist. i- Mirror. L- EXTRAORDINARY FISH IN THE INDIAN SEAs.--Mr. Piddingtoni has sent to'the Asiatic Society of Bengal, a notice of an extraordinary fish seen by hint in the r Indian seas, which corroborates the account given by h Lieutenant Foley. He says :-" In December,1816, I commanded a small Spanish brig, and was lying d at anchor in the bay of Mariveles, at the entrance in t, the bay of Manilla. One day, about noon, hearing .f a confusion upon deck, I ran up, and looking over e the side, thought from what I saw that the vessel had parted, and was drifting over a bank of white sand or i, coral, with large black spots. I called out to let go d another anchor, but my people, Manilla men,. all d said, "No sir ! its only the chacon !"andupon running g up the rigging, I saw, indeed, that 'I had mistaken e the motion of the spotted back of an enormous fish I, passing under the vessel for the vessel itself driving over a, bank. My boatswain, (contramestre), a Cadiz e man, with great foo~lhardiness,, jumped into the boat with four men, and.actually succeeded, in harpooning .r the fish with the common dolphin harpoon, or grains, as they are usually called, to which he made fast the g deep sea line; but they were towed at such a fearful r rate out to sea that they were glad to'cut from it im a mediately. From the view I had'of'the fish, and the time it took to, pass slowly under the vessel, I should not suppose it' less than seventy or eighty feet in, y length. Its, breadth' was very great in proportion; perhaps, not less than thirty feet. The back was so 1, spotted, that, had it been at rest, it must have been f taken for a coral shoal, the appearance of which is I familiar to seamen. I did not distinguish the head' \- or fins well, from being rather short-sighted, and there e being some confusion ori hoard."-Asiatio Journal. v 'CARRIER PIGEONS.-The - Dutch variety, is' the I most valuable, a pair of the, bestkind being' worth 1 from 51. to 81'.; 'this bird is lighter than the English I carrier pigeon, and flies nearly as fast again.' It pro \- ceeds at the rate of sixty miles an hour-a mile a maniite, and has been known to complete a journey of 3 800 miles'; but this, it is presumed, is not continuous, but' assisted' by} occasional rest: `'When the bird is about eight or ten 'veeks old, the trainer says it be gins to run, that is; it flies away for four or five hours; then-its education 'begins; it is taken- ab'out a mile I f from its place, and tossed; it returns. - And; 'this 1 manoeuvre is repeatedi every day for a week, and then = the'distance is doubled. After a ti::e it.is' carried' f three, four; eight, twelve, and twenty-four miles, until' ' it is perfect in itsexereites. The bird learns buit one s lesson; it may carry fromn Antwerp to London, or, z any other place, but it' will only pass between the 1 two places. It travels by sight. o When tossed, it i circles, then rises in a spiral, observes its route, and i, darts' off.' It' will not fly at night, and should the, day' prove -foggy, its: arrival'will, be much delayed, I or-the bitd'niay' be completely lost.: ' . ' The histor'y' of England is emphatically ekhistory of' progress. It is the history of a constant~move-= ment of the public mind which' produced 'a constant change in the institutions of a' great society. We see that society at the beginning: of. the twelfth, century I in a state more miserable than the state ii which the most degraded nations of the East now are.- We see t it subjected to the tyranny' of 'a' handful oft armed I foreigners; we see a strong' 'distinction of' caste, I separating the victorious Norman from the vanquished' Saxon ; 'we see the great body of 'the;population in a state of personal slavery; we seenthe most" debasing i and cruel superstition exercising boundless 'dominion over the most elevated' and benevolent minds; we see the multitude sunk in brutal ignorance,'and the. t studious few engaged in acquiring what did not de- x serve the name of knowledge. In the course 'of a seven centuries this wretched and.degraded race, have a become the greatest' and' most civilized people that t the world ever-saw-have spread their dominion overt every quarter of the globe-have scattered'the seeds 0' of mighty empires over vast continents, of' which no I: dim intimation had ever- reached Ptolemy or Strabo-. have created a maritime power which wouild annihi-. t' late in a quarter of ap. hour' 'the, navies of Tyre, a Athens, Carthage, Venice, and Genoa. together- t3 have, carried the:scieace. of' healing, the, means of' d locomotion ann correspondence, every mechanical. ti art, every manufacture, everything that, promotes the. y convenience of life, to a perfection which' our an- e cestors:wou~ld have thought magical-have produced a a literature abounding in worka not inferior to the a noblest which Greece has bequeathed us-have dis. tI covered the laws which regulate the mnotinns; of the ri heavenly bodies--ha~ve speculated, with' exquisite 8. subtlety on~ the operations of' the human mind-have. been the. acknowledged leaders~of the human race lin S the career of political improvement. The history ofL ,tl England is. the history of this great change in the A1 moral, intellectual, 'and physical state of the hi.' h habitants of ourio~wmnsisand.-~Edinkurgh, Review. 'i The Courvier Belge says-" During the last week ti there was seen coming down the Rhine, from Ander. ea oph on, qf. thpse immense, rafts lately foind. des- ir 9 i,@g; thjs~rivier with emn~grants. I~t, appeared. 'lke p ap, immense floa~ting island, 900 feet long and' 4Z0 n 'wide,, bea~rimga, village on its bosom, and yet guided p by one, steersmgan with as much security as an ordi- nm nary boat. The inhabitants of these rafts,, that is, h. the. crew and. patssngers, "mount to between 8Q0 and in 1000 persons. There are always cpttle, npon them, bi w~ith slaughter.hopisus for the supply of this~nunmerous in family; and tlhere. is generally consumed in the v~oy-' pl agenfrpmAnde~rmach. to D~orcecht50,00016b.of bread,, B 20,00,0Jbs, of nieaI,15,O000lbs. of cheese~alg00Abs.. of h, butter, andI 700 tuns of beer." ' j'g of Butn-MIND.-The bird-mind is the same bird-mind from generation to generation. The nightingale is A now what the nightingale was four and six thousand re years ago-nothing less-nothing more. The eagle ad is as capable of advancing as the sparrow. The d common fowl, which is found in all regions and cli )g mates of the globe, is in each one exactly alike in ry its functions, faculties, and habits. The song-birds tg warble now just as they have done ever since human, \- history has noticed them,. It is' this. conforming: t, identity which separates. birds and all aniimals so so widely from man. They never improve; while his to capability of progression is as yet illimitable, and may t. perhaps ever be so.-Sharon Turner. The tail part of a gigantic lizard, or crocodile, r. completely converted into stone of the hardest texture, has been found about twenty-eight. yards below the e surface of the earth, in the shaft of a coal pit which Y has been recently opened near Chesterfield, in Der byshire. In about three years, time, when other g shafts shall have, been formed, it.is probable. there, a will be discovered the cast of some, extraordinary g animal of large dimensions in, solid stone,, equaLto ,r the present fragment,-whiclt is so singularly perfect d that it shows every wrinkle and indent of the external r muscles and texture of-the skin. The head of an 0 immense animal was found in a: bed of chalk: at the. i- back of Kemp Town.;, It measures, three- feet one g and a half inches long, and one_ f.ot nine, inches a thick. MEDALI-ING.-The method of taking off plaster-of Paris and sulphur impressions is known to every body. t The first is too soft to preserve them from injury, and, the brittleness of sulphur is a great objection. It is. found that by laying a coat or layer of thin' metal over e the plaster-of-Paris it would be a considerable de= 1 fence. Tin is the cheapest and most convenient metal' for the purpose, as it is sufficiently flexible, and at the e same time very much resembles silver. ' The tin-foil d generally tried is of the samekind with. that used 'for a silvering looking- glasses. It should be laid' over -the' medal or coin intended to be taken off, and' then, p rubbed either with a brush, the point of a skewer, or a 'pin, till it hasreceived perfectly the impression of the medal;' the tin-foil should now be paired: off round the' edge of then medal till it- is brought to the' same circumference. The medal must' then be're versed, and'the tin-foil will drop of into a chip box or mould ready to receive it, the concave side of thee foil, or that which laid on; the face off the xmed'al, being uppermiost Upon' this{pour: your plaster-of Paris made in' 'the usualmanner, aud' when dry, the cast figure may be- takeni out of the box or; mould; with tin-foil sticking on' the 'plaster, the convex side being now' uppermost again; in- which position, it is to be kept in the cabinet after it becomes dry. 'To have- 'aeu impression very perfect, the thinnest tin-foil" should be: made use of. The impressions taken in: the 'foregoing' manner almost 'equal silver medals in' 1 beauty,, and are very durable.' If'the box or mould' be rather larger- thanthe impression' of ' the tin-foil ; l; the -plaster- when- poured- on, runs round its 'edges, and forms a kind of white frame orccircular'border round the foil; whence the: new made medal' appears I more neat and beautiful. If this-tin-foil'be gilt with' - gold leaf, by means of'thin isinglass, the medal' will, resemble gold. ' SIAMESE POLIcn. -Tie 'seals which the Emperor: of Siam delivers to hism agistrates are the greatest nrarks of their diginity. Those given' to princes who discharge magisterial duties are of gold; the viceroys (mandarins) have silver seals; and those :held by the' ordinary magistrates, are of copper or lead.- None c of'these officers great or low, can exercise their func- tions legally and publicly unless the seals are in their t possession. The president~of a. 'Siamese taibunal' having made, the commander. of the troops his enemy, the latter in revenge stole the president s seal. The. poor magistrate, forced under the misfortune to sus pend the exercise. of his functions, had no other t means. of 'avoiding the punishment he was liable to receive for neglect of'duty than by counterfeiting ill:: ness. Every one was deceived by this stratagem dur-' ing some time; at last the people suspected a trick,, and complained to the mandarin who was viceroy of the provinice: The president, being called on 'to ex plain the cause of'his inactivity, confessed the strange h difficulty uinder which he was placed by the robbery n and-bss of his seals 'He communicated at the sanme time his suspicion with respect to the commandant of the t oops, ui most deialy enamy. The viceroy; who, had great respect for 'the president, gave him the fol lowing advice:-" Go," 'said he, " set fire to youir house, and' henr the commander of the troops attenlds to performn his duty 'ilputting out the conflagra(i appear and deliver to him the box in which you't ka the seals. He' will be answerable for it. After' th danger the box vill'be-restored'to you. Open-it irn the presence 'of witnesses, and 'it, is highly probable you will get back yoiur seals. If he return the box empty, you' may proceed again~st 'him for a criminal act. -' He will 'undel-taind the difficulty of h is situation, and never run the risk."' The' event turned out, as the ingenious vicieroy had foreseen,'aind the~magistrate, recovered liis seals.-Manner's 'and Customs of differ- ent Na~iohs.' SNloman~w,1o-lias ever livd anmong the peasantry o .Sdotland will ilery- the effepts pyoduced on them, by. :their, pqpular,songs. D~uring the, expedition to. luenos 1~ Ay~res, a Highland soldier,, while, a. prisoner in the, w 'hands of the Sjpainirds, hiaving) formed, an. attmcl- 'h: 'ment to,a womazp of 1,tp -country, and charmed' by.2 si the1 easy ;life~ which, thentropical fertility-of the :sod. pi enabled the inhabittants, to, lead, hnd- resolved .to re- re mtain am~d settle in SothntiAerica., - When he im-- F parted -this resolution to- his, comrnde, the latter' dul. A not agree witheliim, buzt~ leading him-to-his, tent, he - placed him, by this side, anda sang him,"' Lochaber, no, w more," -The, spell~ was, on him. The tears-came into.- his-<eyes,,.aprtiwrapping luhs- plaid, around- hirp, he. murmurede ".Loalaaber, rnae mair- 1 maun, gang~ back!"7 The, .sopgs of' his, childhood, .were., ring ing. in his ears, nanl he left that land of ease a~u;~~ plenty, for,, the, -native., r~ocksr and :sterile..valleyso ,,f'' Badenoch, where,- at the~close of, a life of toil !andr aj hirdship, ha might lay. lhis h ad -'in,,his',-motlhef's grave.-Monthly Rtepository. -'"-.~ - DEFINITION. OF A. GENTLEMAN.-Gentility is neither in birth, manners, nor fashion, but in MIND. A high sense of honour-a determination never to take a mean advantage of another-an adherence to truth delicacy, and politeness towards those with whem you may have dealings-are the essential, and distin. guishing characteristics of a GENTLEMAN. MODES OF LIVING AM1ONO 'THlE CHINES5B' rhe modes of~living among the Chinese- are1-of .course; very different, according to the-. rank and'wealtlt o the, people; but the extremes of luxury and: misery, are no where more ludicrously contrasted.: Those who can.afford.to purchase rare and expensive' deli. cacies grudge. no cost for them,, as is proved by the price paid for edible birds' nests (glutinous composi. tions, formed by. a kind of swallow, in vast clusters found in caves in the' Nicobar and other-iskards)" 5000 dollars being sometimes given for a picul, weighing 1300 pounds. In the streets, multitudes of men are employed in preparing them for sale, withl a pair of tweezers, plucking from them every hair or fibre: of feather; or extraneous matter; and at the' same time carefully preserving' the form of the nests, by pushing' through them, very slender slips of barn boo.. Sharks' fins are, highly prized, and. when, well.. dried; .they~fetch, a high price. The beche.le-mer (a. horrid-loking black.sea-slug), brought. from the Pacific Isiands, is also exceedingly esteemed by Chi ineseepicures. But while the rich thus fare sumptu. ousfy, the niass of' the' poor subsist on the veriest garbage. The heads of fowls, their entrails, their feet, with every scrap of 'digestible animal matter-- earth- worms- lsea-reptiles of all kinds, rats; and other vermin; are gladly devoured.'. We noticed' black frogs, in lots of half-dozens, tied together, exposedL for sale in shallow roughs of water. We have seen the hind-quarter of a- horse -hung up-in- a butcher's shop, .with the recommendation of the;whole leg. at tached.. A. lodger in. our; hotel: complains, that, his. bed-room, being overthe kitchen, he 'is greviously annoved by' the noises 'of cats. and, dogs,, which are slaughtered below for 'the day's consumption-but' not at oursitable. 'Not aibone or green leaf' is. ever seen in the streets; 'ome. use or another is found for every thing that would be refused elsewhere.-Ben.. nett and T ermaus' Voyages. 