ST. JOHN'S EVE. THE DEVIL'S COACH. " 'Twas once believed in many parts of England (and especially in the town of Beverley, where, within the last sixty years, it has been held as Gospel truth,) that once a year, at midnight, on the eve of St John's Festival, the Devil's Coach made its ap- pearance on earth, and carried away, all those who, by plundering tyranny, false swearing, or otherwise, had injured the interests of the community." — Speed's Northern Antiquities, 1698.— To the Editor of the True Colonist. Mr Dear Sir, — I beg to enclose to you herewith an amusing political 'jeu d' esprit,' probably by Moore. The postscript in manuscript; I copied from an Irish paper ; it relates doubtless to some Irish job, but the characters described in it, singularly re- semble those of four or five gentlemen in this Colony, who were lately engaged in investigating and bringing to light, an " affair of honor," which terminated with an " incident" on all fours with the one described in the sequel of the little poem.— Your's, AMGOF. Returning to your dark abode, Pray take our Island on the road (It is the nearest many say, And all agree the readiest way.) If you can only make it suit, To put them in the lumber boot, We'll gladly spare you four or five, The very fittest men alive, To regulate the state affairs, Of your dominions 'd°w.n stairs ;.' : F,or: only .let them rule the roast A few 'short months, or years at most, ' ??' ? They'll legislate at suchi rate,* ?-'' -'? ?? ?' ? You'll hardly know your own estate; Or if your Majesty be bent To form a penal settlement, They'll sketch you out the newest plan, " Chemin-faisant," just as they go, To make a hell on earth for man, Worse than your hell below. When at leisure, take a look (You may either beg or borrow) At your friend Murray's famous book Called " Tales of New Gomorrah." The first we'll call him Mr. (lih,r: !,, r ',,'. , ' No more of tliat,.)-.but sooth to;say,v ; ?: . .: ... ?..- Above, below, you cannot find - A more allied or kindred mind ;_ ;, ' -: A most suceessfnl cultivator,. ' r-, . As lawgiver, as legislator, , . Of deep finesse,..chicane and tricks,.. . Machiavellian politics,, ; ; ' A~.nd.all those simulative acts-. ' Congenial unto bolh'your hearts';- ? He shines in all, but oh, his tact Is best recorded in the fact ;. You find him 'sainted' long ago In your own calendar below, Nor is his- good and honored name . .Quite unknown to earthly fame ; : Itemembered well the distant west, Can. yefchisyouthful feats attest; .The utmost east can too declare, ! And seethe the broken-hearted there — : Bear, witness' to the suelonie page, ; ? The deeds of, his maturer -ige. Next on your list is Mr. M., He's not the least acute of them ; He can't accompany your Grace, Unless you promise him a place— No matter where, no matter whose, He'll step into his brother's shoes ; But it must nett five thousand clear, As he has now two thousand here ; And Io ! a third, his witless nob, Is hardly fit for any job. Tho' if 'tis true, as I've been told, You keep a store of molten gold ; Prepared by grateful Godhead Mammon, For all his parson friends to cram on. He'll superintend the serving out, To all the black coat lads about ; Or if it be your Lordship's will, He should be a sinecurist still. To give his labours narrower scope, Why let him only serve the Pope; Conspicuous comes a fourth — but O — , I never mention him, " No—no; He asks no promise at your hands, But just your unlocated lands , And to be appointed arbitrator Of every " undecided acre ;" And to receive a right by law, To all in which he finds a flaw ; Like Banco's ghosts, a fifth appears, Much like the Kings of former years ; 'Tis now you know a year or more, Since in the chamber of the green baize door You saw them all assembled brewing A plot for poor John Clover's ruin ; One got his land, one got his place, They shared, among them the disgrace, And it would be a fit remead, Memorial of so base a deed ; To coin a new (Milesian*) word, Just as you know "cabal" occurred ; To designate this knot of knaves, Tyrants, and tools, and fools, and slaves. * Let it be Amgof.—Tasmanian Devil. The Session of Parliament opened on 4th February, by the King in person. His Majesty entered the House of Lords about two o'clock. The number of Peers and Peeresses and of the Foreign Ambas- sadors who, were present was unusually large. The Commons having been summoned, appeared at the bar ; and the King then, delivered the following Speech :— ' My. Lords and Gentlemen, — It is with great satisfaction that 1 again meet, the Great Council of the Nation assembled in Parlia ment. I. am ever anxious to avail myself of, your advice arid assistance ; and 1 rejoice that the present state of public affairs, both at home and abroad, is such as to permit you to proceed without delay or interruption to the calm examination of those measures which will be submitted to your consideration. ; ' I. continue to. receive from my Allies, and, generally from all Foreign Powers, assurances of their- unaltered desire to cultivate with;: me those friendly relations which it is equally my wish tb maintain with them j. and the intimate union which happily subsists between this country and France is a pledge to Europe for the continuance of the general peace. 'Desirous on all. occasions to use my friendly endeavors to remove'eauses of dis agreement between other Powers, , I Have of-' fered my mediation to compose' the difference which has arisen between! France and the United States. This offer has been' accepted by the King of the French r the answer of the President of the United -States has not yet been received; but I entertain a confident hope that a misunderstanding between two' nations so enlightened and high-minded will be settled in a manner, satisfactory to' the feel ings and consistent with the honor of both. 'I have to lament the continuance of the civil contest in the Northern Provinces of Spain. The measures- which I have taken,, and the engagements into which I. have en tered, sufficiently prove my deep anxiety for its termination ; and the prudent and vigorous conduct of the present Government of Spain, inspires me with the hope that thu authority of the Queen will soon be established in eveiy part of her dominions ;. and that the Spanish nation, so long connected by friendship with' :Great_ Britain, .will again enjoy the blessings of internal tranquillity and union. '? 'I have given directions that there be laid before you the Treaty which Ihave concluded with the Queen of Spain,,for the suppression of the Slave IVade. ' ' Gentlemen of the House of Commons, — I have directed the Estimates of the year to he laid before you without delay. They have been framed with the strictest regard lo well considered economy. The necessity of main taining the 'maritime strength of the country, and of giving adequate protection to the ex pended commerce of my subjects, has occa sioned some incrsase in the estimates for the Naval branch, of the public service. 'The state of the commerce and . manufac tures of the United Kingdom is highly satis factory. I 'lament that any class of my subjects should still suffer distress; and the difficulties which continue to be felt in important branches of agriculture may. deserve your enquiry, with the view of ascertaining whether there are any measures which Parliament can advan tageously adopt for the alleviation of this pressure.. , ' My Lords and Gentlemen,— -I have not yet received: the further report of the Com mission appointed to consider the state of the several Dioceses of England and Wales. But I have reason to, believe that their recom mendations upon most of the important sub jects submitted to them, are nearly prepared. They shall' He' laid before you. without delay, and you will direct your early attention to the Ecclesiastical Establishment, with the intenT tion of relndering.it iriore efficient for the. holy purposes for which it has been instituted! ' Another subject which will naturally oc cupy you is-the state of. the Tithes in England and Wales, and a measure will.be submitted to you, having, for its. end the rendering this mode of providing for. the clergy more fixed and certain,. and- calculated to relieve it from tliatifluctuation and from- those objections to which it has hitherto been subject. 'The principles of toleration by which I have been invariably guided must render me desirous of removing any cause of offence or trouble to the consciences of. any portion of my subjects; and I am therefore anxious that you should consider whether measures may not be framed, which, whilst they remedy any grievances which affect those who dissent from the doctrine or discipline of the Established Church, will also be of general advantage to tlie whole body of the community. ' The speedy and satisfactory administra tion of justice is the first and most sacred duty of a Sovereign; and I -earnestly recommend you to consider whether better provisions may not be made for this gi eat purpose, in some of the departments of the Law, and more par ticularly in the Court of Chancery... ' T trust that you will be able to effect a just settlement of the question of Tithes in Ireland, upou such principles as will tend, at length, tb establish harmony and peace in that country. ' ' ' You are already in possession of . the re port of the Commission appointed to inquire into the state of tlie Municipal Corporations, in Ireland ;, and 1 entertain the hope that it will be in your power to apply to any defects and evila which may have been shewn to exist in those institutions,, a remedy founded upon the same principles as those of the Acts which have already passed for England and Scotland. ' A further report of the Commission.of In quiry into the condition of the poorer classes of my subjects in Ireland will speedily be laid before you. Ypu will approach this subject 'with the caution due to its importance and difficulty, and the experience of the salutary effect of the Act for the. amendment of the Laws relating to the poor in England and Wales, may in many respects assist your, der liberation. 'I. rely upon your, prudence and: wisdom,, and upon your determination to maintain, as well as to amend,, the laws and institutions of the country ;. and Lcommit these questions of 'domestic policy, to which I have deemed it my duty to direct your attention, into your hands, persuaded that you will so treat them as tb ensure the happiness and prosperity, by, promoting the religion .and morality of my people.' 'My Lords and Gentlemen, — I have. bee prevented by;,ribtbeirig: able for want of light to read the Speech in the manner I' ought/ to command ;your attention ;? but I trust that,.ljy now reading it again, I shall be able to call sufficiently your Lordships' attention and that of the Gentlemen of the House of Commons to its. various topics.' ' He then recommenced the reading of the ' Speech; and went; through it without he sitation, and in his usual distiuet and au dible tone of voice; . ' ?; The King left the House of Peers imme diately after, concluding; his Speech ; the Speaker and the Members of the House off Commons retired ;. and the ladies and. . strangers soon departed. - . -..-; The Duke of Lei nster moved the Address in the House of Lords, and took occasion to. express his conviction that a Bystem of Poor— Laws was necessary; to: the well-being of Ireland.. ?.'?', ' ? ' The Earl of Burlington, seconded the Ad--.', dress, and enforced the propriety of augment ing our naval forces,, when other powers were; doing the same.. Poor-laws,, he thought^, should be introduced into Ireland with great caution ;. but the sources of her misery., ought:, to be discovered,, and relief afforded.. The Duke of, Wellington was glad,. after. all! that had been reported of armaments- pre--, paring, that there was no immediate prospect, of war. He thought their. Lordships ought, not to be called upon to give any pledge on. the subject of corporation reform in Ireland,., other than that they would proceed without delay, to take into their consideration any de — fects that might be proved to exist. He moved-; an amendment to that effect. . : . Lord Melbourne stated the preservation' of- : peace to be his great object. The increase of i the naval force of the country was intended-, only for the purpose mentioned in the Speech . itself — to meet the necessity of maintaining the maritine strength of the country, and to ? give adequate protection to its extended commerce. The Address, so amended, was then agreedJ to. without opposition, and the House ad-*-; journed. , i The Address in the Commons was moved by Sir John Wrottesley. He dwelt with great, satisfaction, on the general prosperity of the w. country, the landed interest excepted, . for ? whom he claimed relief.- He called for the introduction of poor-laws into Ireland, and . municipal reform. ?'. Mr. Parker seconded the Address. Be ?' spoke in praise of the Poor-law Amendment-' Bill, which, in various cases to which he re ferred, had saved the rate payers 50, 60,' 70,-,' and 75 per cent., while the condition 'of the'' labourer was greatly improved. From a series ; of returns, he showed that our commerce was.! in a stale of unexampled prosperity. /: Sir Robert. Peel declared, his satisfaction on ? many points embraced by. the Address, but. /objected tor pledge the. House on the subject . bl Munipical Reform in Ireland, and there-: fore moved an amendment similar to that proposed by the Duke of Wellington in the other House.-. . On a division the numbers were ? For the original motion --- 284! For the amendment ,- .- - 243 : Majority in favor of Ministers ; ? -4-l.i ,ri -? . ? - ? - — : ; i;;: .-; An inquest has been held this week on the body of John Harris, a shingle-splitter,;, who was killed at Brown's lliver, owing lo a tree falling upon him. Verdict— Ace i-, dental, death. Also, on the body of a sea man belonging tathe schooner lied Rover, . who was found drowned on Saturday night. . It appeared that he fell from the side of the vessel whilst in a state of bestial intoxica tion, and sank immediately ; and although, he was seen to fullinto the water, yet before he' could be found, the vital spark had fled.i Verdict accord inely. 