EtomsUc anli.i)tl(sccllan;ou8 SnUIKgcnte.' Sydney Hunt.— The members of the Sydney Hunt are requested to meet at the Pulteney Hotel on Monday the 21st inst., at two o'Clock. Tithes.— The collection of tithes in Ire land appears by the late accounts from that gem of the ocean to be attended with en creased difficulty; indeed this could hardly be otherwise, since the, Government have taken it for granted, as far as we may judge from the expressions of Ministers in Par liament, that it is impossible to .continue the system any longer ; the 'Rathcormac' affair and others of. the same nature though not of the same extent, have spoken in too plain terms to be disregarded. A clergy man in Limerick applied in October last to Lord Morpeth for military aid in the col lection oi his tithes, and received an answer from His Lordship that the Government had not decided how to act in this 'extremely difficult and important question.' What the clergy are to do : in the mean time, Hea ven knows; one of this body lately seized some sheep and cattle, in default of tithe, and offered.them, for sale in Limerick, but, says tho 'Spectator', ''no one was found hardy enough to become, the purchaser''— the owner was not a violent Anti-Church man, hut did not dare set the example in his parish of paying tithe. Tegr/'s Magazine.— The first number of this Magazine has made- its appearance ; it is small, nnd two thirds*of it are extracts from English Magazines,' &c.; Tho part that is original is not bad on the whole ; the Campbell Town Ghost story is told for one thing, more correctly, and as well in a literary point of view as the some stor- lately in a Mauritius Worn on the Colonies The managers seem resolved to exclude -politics— they might as well exclude plain English; politics are the life and soul of periodicals, and for a work of this kind to be successful, they must bo admitted— mark that, Mr. Tegg. met? re'sitiing'at the Punch Bowl, were but opossum shooting on Saturday nighty last, when on coming to. a steep bank overhang ing the road, they were attacked by a dog, who seem dotenhined to dispute the pas sage ; tho dog was in possession of the bank up which they, were about to go, and flew at them' most furiously every time they .attempted to ascend; at last one of them fired at him— the dog ran off howling, . and atthe'Bame moment up started a man ap parently from the. ariimtirs feet, and ran off full speed in the same direction ; this so startled the men that they had not presence of mind to follow in pursuit, and neither man nor dog were again seen or heard of. He was probably lying in wnit to ro^ so'ne of the numerous carts which travel that road at night , and was moreover probably no bushranger. The ex- Ministers.— Louis Philippe, it is said, is desirous of releasing Polignac and his brethren in captivity from their long imprisonment; the health of these unfortunate victims has suffered consider ably, one of- them having becomed eranged public sympathy seems to be enlisted, and justly so, in their behalf, and there are few who would not be found to accord with the authorities in this act of clemency ; their five yoar« of Imprisonment have probably sickened, them, of. politics, and will restore them peaceable if not contented members of society. We cannot but regret that His Excellency has not thought proper to act in the same 'reformatory' manner with res pect to the ex-Justices of this Colony ; in His Excellency's place we should have inflicted 25 lashes, merely to begin with, upon the civil officers. 'Little they catch that go swimming with me'. Major Mudie informs us that he goes, home in the 'Brothers', Captain Towns, in which vessel it is understood His Honor the Chief Justice also takes his passage ; does the Major' recollect the White Lady of Avenel? He had best beware, tempting the flood, as he is about to do, like the Friar with a pamphlet in his bosom ; His Honor is a very determined character, and — walk on deck— lee lurch— dark nights — and so on. In an English Paper we find an adver- tisement, of " Fuller's Freezing Machine," by which Ice is made in four minutes ; it is added that it is made on Philosophical principles— and that Bed-foot warmers may also be had at the same place, constructed on the same principle ; " quite different," we should imagine, " or blowing hot and cold with the same mouth" is not so difficult as might be expected. That great man " Josh Hudson" died in October last, leaving the ring for the last time "' second best,"' that prince of millers old Death, having fairly " knocked him out of time"' after an arduous contest of 39 years ; some 15 or 20 years back this would have been looked upon as an event of importance— but the high and palmy days of Pugilism have happily vanished before more enlightened tastes, and the hero of five and twenty prize fights sinks into the grave in poverty and neglect. On the motion of Mr. Windeyer, on Saturday last, a speclal jury was obtained by consent, in the case of Threlkeld versus Lang. Maize.— People are always ready to cry out before they are hurt — the late rains have saved an immense quantity of maize, there being nearly two thirds of a crop from several fields which had been given up as " done for;" the effect of a few showers in this warm climate is extraordinary. On Tuesday evening last, the steamer Ceres started for the first time to the Hunter. Iron.— On the 30th Septempter, bar-iron advanced ten shillings per ton, and there is reason to believe that the price will be maintained. A moving bog has been witnessed on Lord O'Neill's estate in the neighbourhood of Randalston which has travelled over above 200 acres of land ; they are indeed unsettled times when bogs even belong to the parti du mouvement ; who knows but that they may walk off altogether. Captain Mason of H. M. IVth Regt. was married in September, at St. George's Hanover-square, to Emily, daughter of Admiral Elliot. The Counsel for the plaintiff in the libel case of Mudie v. Howe, made an assertion to which we do not agree " by no means" — that notwithstanding the cause might seem best suited to a Jury, rather than to Asses- sors, yet with such honourable men, &c.; as were sitting in the latter capacity, he was sure that whatever the verdict might be, " it would give equal satisfaction to both parties !" The Siren sailed for Hobart Town yester- day ; the Francis Freeling, and several other vessels may be expected up every day. Fieschi. — This individual i» recovering and, it is expected, will live to stand his trial for the " infernal machine;" with a view to put him off his guard, and elicit the whole truth, he has been kept in ignorance as to the effect of his machinations ; he believes that no one was injured, and has been led to do so by a copy of the "Journal des Debats" printed expressly for him, in which this is asserted. It is said that a new and extensive conspiracy has been just discovered against Louis Phillippe, in the French army, and that a considerable num- ber of officers have been arrested. Jamaica. — The House of Assembly of that Island has been very cantankerous of late; they sent an address in answer to Lord Sligo's speech on opening the Session which put His Excellency's pipe out con- siderably, and he dissolved the Assembly ; in our next we will give an account of the proceedings ; the Spectator calls this " a hasty proceeding"— apparently with reason. The Herald states that the constables are not to kill dogs in the streets in future till they have been inspected bv a competent person ; we only hope that this is the case, and that the constables may be obliged to make prisoners of the animals, and take them to some place for inspection, as is done in Hobart Town, before their doom is fixed ; when one considers that the blood money is half a crown a head, the addi- tional trouble will be not considered hard or requiring higher remuneration. The Gazette of yesterday, after some deep remarks upon what is supposed to have been the tenor of an article in our ha«o juai ilcniu m ui -.-im'myx'UBuni ni me. vicinage of Twofold Bay." Then it was a ghost, and a very healthy looking one too, that was haunting the streets of Sydney yesterday — a runaway from the Red Sea, instead of a visitor from Twofold Bay ! Sydney Exchange.— A deputation of mer- chants have had an interview with His Ex- cellency the Governor for the purpose of obtaining a grant of a town allotment for the purpose of erecting an Exchange ;— they were courteously received, and in- formed that the Government would afford every facility for so desirable an under- taking ; it is supposed that the old main guard, or a spot near the Reverend Mr. Cowper's, in Macquarie Place, will be granted. Messrs. Hughes and Hosking are expect- ing every day a cargo of new wheat from Calcutta, by the Mary— this vessel has been purchased by them from Captain Ayscough, for £3600. Sailing Match.— The match between the second class boats which was not decided at the last Regatta, came off on Saturday ; the wind was strong from the Westward, and the race was well contested ; the fol- lowing was the order in which they came in :— Athol Ranger . . Mr. Ferrier . . . 1 Aladdin . . . . Mr. Jobson . . . . 2 Cornstalk. . . . Mr. Fitzpatrick . 3 The Auriga did not start owing to some mistake till some time after the others, and capsized off Bradley's Head, crew picked up. The new steamer Ceres was trying her powers in various parts of the Harbour at the time, which, together with the pre- sence of a large number of sailing boats, added much to the beauty of the scene. We do not hear whether the Irish intend celebrating St. Patrick's Day this year ; it is time that arrangements should be made if this should be the case, the day being near at hand. We see by the Colonist that Doctors Osbourne and Boyter, both Surgeons of the Royal Navy, are to act in the character of Emigration Agents on their arrival in the Mother Country, and to come out with cargoes of their selection, the former with Emigrants from the North of Ireland, the latter from the East Coast of Scotland ; if this be the case it is, so far at least as the choice of Agents goes, a judicious proceed- ing, and will probably be attended with success, as the characters of the Agents will depend greatly upon that of their several selections. The Jessie, having sailed for Liverpool on Wednesday last, was obliged to put back, having discovered a runaway on board ; sho sailed again yesterday. The City of Edinburgh sails on Sunday for London. The Harriott, from China on Tuesday last, has brought 3500 chests or tea, mat- ting, cigars, &c.; &c.; She is, we hear, for sale : she is consigned to A. B. Smith and Co. and is discharging at the Dock-yard. The Lady of the Lake and Lord Amherst, had arrived at China previous to her sailing. Fourth Regt. Foot — C. S. Hext, to be Ensign by purchuse, vice Greetham, who retires.— 50th Foot, Staff Assistant Surgeon G. Gulliver, to be Assistant Surgeon, vice M'Gregor, deceased. The 17th Regiment commenced their embarkation yesterday, and the 4th come into barracks this day ; the band of the former embarks on Saturday with the head quarters. The 4th will be relieved at Parramatta by the 28th. Two robberies have been committed ' within the last week on the Liverpool -road \ by. a man supposed to be free (perhaps the same that was so nearly shot as told in ano ther part of the paper) and aimed with a brass blunderbuss; some of the police are in the neighbourhood. ' ' An Englishman' in yesterday's Herald wishes to make people believe that ' pre. sumptive' and 'presumptuous' arosvno nymotis, and consequently that Mr. Lamb understands grammar; rather a joke thii. Wo shall hear next of u Presumptuous evidence.' I Steam Coneayance to Van Diemen'i \ Land.— A meeting of the projectors of 'ihe \ above took place yesterday evening; tlie ! lateness of tho hour prevents our giving any j thing Ike a detailed report of the proceed- I ings*, but we may mention that up to tW [ period shares had been subscribed for ' and that arrangements were entered into for \ carrying them speedily into effect. ' We observe by a notice at the Post Of- j dee that a mail is open' for London per John Barry, via Calcutta and tho Red Sea ; it is not improbable but that this may as speedy a conveyance as by veasels going direct from hence — the mail being; trans mitted. from the 'East Indies to London in about two months. Perhaps when the best and most advantageous mode has been fully ascertained this may become the favorite ) route for passengers- -it would be infinitely plensantcr than the horrors of Cape Horn. | , The Colonist lias again published a peti- ! tion for the speedy and total- abolition of j the transportation system, recommending ' that a new penal settlement shall be formed on the North Coast of this Continent ; we can only repeat our formerly expressed opi nion, that whatever be the evils concomitant J with the system, the Colonists cannot af- \ ford to forego the advantages ; look nt ' Lansdowne Bridge, built by convict labor for about £1000. ' The meeting of the shareholders and friends of ihe Australian College called for . Saturday last, has been postponed until Friday next, the- 11th instant, in conse quence of the unavoidable absence of ioma . gentlemen connected with it. The following prisoners convicted during the last Criminal Sittings, have been for- warded, to Hobart Town, per Siren:— George Wood, Joseph Roulston, William Howarth, Henry Robinson, John Kennessy, George Dale William Calcott, James Bur- bridge, William Carpenter, William All- gate, Matthaw Monaghan, Richard Cart- wright, and Catharine Elliott. Fears are entertained for the safety of a coasting vessel called the Swan, belonging to the master and Mr. Mackie of George- street. It appears that the Swan left Wol longong very deeply laden, in company with the Sarah schooner. On Saturday night last the two vessels were within a short distance of each other, when suddenly the Swan was missed, in what manner no?? her companion, but not a vestige or her could be seen. Four days have since elapsed and no tidings of the Swan. There were on board Mr. Mossop, the ironmon ger and two sons, eleven other passengers, the master (Mr. Swan), and the crew. Tuesday last being the first month, the- I Ticket-of Leave-men for the district of Syd- J noy, were mustered at tha Police-offico. | : No. 3 performed this'duty in the small room, j whilst Nos. 1 and 2 transacted the usunl j business in the Court-room.— -Herald.— (h ? thisthewaytos'peak of Big-wigs.) : Coroner's Inquest. —A Coroner's Inquest was held at the sign of the Jolly Millers, Sussex street, on Tuesday last, on the body of a boy named Tom Winder Dodds, the son of Mr. Dodds of the firm of Messrs. Dodds and Davis, who was found drowned in a pond in the yard of Mr Barker's Steam Engine. Verdict- Accidentally drowned. Wo are requested by Mr. Polack of | George street* to correct an error in the last | Commefcial Journal, relative to the ship | Mary expected from Calcutta with wheat The purchase money of that vessel was £3,600— and not £4000 as stated, the sala was effected by Mr. Polack to. Mcsiri, Hughes and Hosking. ' Advance in the price of Land.— Two al- lotments in Kent street were sold for Messrs. Long and Thompson, on 11th November, 1834, by Mr. Samuel Lyons, for £738, and resold by him on the 1st ultimo to Mr. H T. Bass, for £902, being an advance of £22 4s. 6d. per cent. A piece of Land in Darling Harbour sold by Mr. L. for Mr. Samuel Thomson, on 8th November, 1834, for £400, and re-sold by, him on the 1st ult. to Mr. H. T. Bass for £900, being an advance of £125 per cent. The Estate of Bexley, at Cook's River, containing 1,340 acres, was sold on Tues- day last, by Mr, Samuel Lyons to Mr. Chas. Thomson, sen. at 15s. 3d. per acre, £991 5s. 