MANNERS AND HABITS OF THE ABO- RIGINES OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA, FROM INFORMATION COLLECTED BY MR. F. ARMSTRONG, INTERPRETER. None of the Native Tribes, with whom the In- terpreter has had communication, have any idea of a God. He has very often attempted to convey to them the idea of a Supreme Being, the Creator of themselves, and of every object of their senses, present every where and at all times, and above all, constantly watching the actions of all men; adding, that good men, in their deaths, ascend to Him in the sky, but that bad men (instancing those who spear and murder others) are, when they die, banished from His presence for ever. Their answer has generally been —"But how will God get us up to him in the sky? Will he let down a long rope for us? What shall we live upon there? Is there plenty of flour there? Are there earth and trees there?" He has endeavoured to meet this difficulty by describing the Deity as a being of infinite power, capable of doing any thing that ap- peared quite impossible to men. They have as little idea of a future state of re- wards and punishments as the result of their con- duct in a prior existence. They believe that the spirits, or "goor-doo-mit," of deceased persons pass, immediately after death, through the bosom of the sea to some unknown and distant land, which becomes thenceforth (as they believed before their intercourse with our settlers) their eternal residence. But in this latter particular the arrival among them of the whites has led to a total change of creed. For they very soon recognised among their new visitors many of their deceased relatives and friends—a delusion which exists to this day as strongly as ever. They confidently recognise se- veral hundreds of the Colonists by their counte- nances, voices, and scars of former wounds. They are quite positive that the re-embodied spirits of Yagan, and Heegan, who was shot along with him, are already returned in the forms of two soldiers of the 21st Regiment. The obstinacy with which they persist in this conviction, that the whites are all incarnations of the spirits of departed ancestors or friends, is so great, that notwithstand- ing the great confidence they usually place in the Interpreter, he has never been able to persuade them of the contrary—at least the old persons; for the younger persons begin to have their faith shaken on this point. The name which they invariably apply to the whites, when talking of the latter among themselves, is "Djanga" or "the dead." They have shewn some curiosity, but not so much as might have been expected, to know what sort of place "the land of the dead'' is. They have asked the Interpreter to sit down and tell them the names of such of their relatives as he saw there; and have often asked after particular individuals— whether the Interpreter knew him—whether he is soon coming here, &c.; He has never been asked whether the state of the departed is one of happi- ness or misery. They have often asked him on what the spirits live—whether they have plenty of flour—whether the flour we brought with us is (as they persist to this day in believing) dug out of the ground there, (they have seen wheat ground into meal in the Colony, but they will not believe that the settlers have the power of changing that brown mixture into the same white flour as the ships bring here,)—what animals, trees, &c.; there are in that country—whether the country was too small for us, or what other reason brought us here—and whether we were not very sorry to leave our friends there. They consider the Malays, Lascars, &c;, whom they have seen here, to be, equally with the whites, returned spirits of some of their own an- cestors or friends, but who, from some unaccount- able cause, have returned still black, and are re- garded by them with evident dislike. They attri- bute the change of complexion, in the whites, to their ghosts having passed through so much water in their posthumous trip through the ocean. They consider each settler to be resident on the district of that tribe to which, in his former state of exist- ence, he belonged. On being asked how they came to spear the settlers, if they looked on them as ancestors and friends, they have answered, that they consider that, on the whole, they have treated the settlers well; for that, if any native strangers had attempted to settle among them in the same way, they would have done all in their power to destroy them. With respect to the change thus wrought in their views of a future state, many of them now look forward to death as a positive gain, which will enable them to come back with guns, ammunition, money, and provisions. They firmly believe in the existence of evil spirits, or agents, and sorcerers. They particularly dread a malignant spirit called Meetagong, which prowls about at night and catches hold of them, if they go away by themselves to any distance from the fire where the rest of the party lie, as to fetch water from a well, &c.;, by throwing its arms round them. The Interpreter has met with several who declare they have experienced this embrace; but he has never heard, though he has put many questions on the subject, that any describeable in- jury has been the consequence. Yet they certainly stand in great awe of it. They represent it to be occasionally visible—of human form—of immense size—and of such prodigious strength, as to make resistance vain. The night bird, which the settlers call cuckoo, (and the natives "gogoomit," or "woroongul,") is regarded by the latter as the cause of all boils and eruptions on their bodies, which they believe it to produce by piercing them with its beak, in the night-time, while they are asleep. The "waugal" is an aquatic monster, whose haunt is supposed to be in deep waters. They describe it as having very long arms, long teeth, large eyes, and assert it to have destroyed many human beings. They give a confused account of the shape which they imagine it to possess; but, from all they have said to the Interpreter, their conception appears to be of a creature like an im- mense alligator. It inhabits most deep waters, salt or fresh, and almost every lake or pool is haunted by one or more such monsters. It is quite clear that they do not allude to the shark, for which they have a different name, and of which they have no superstitious dread; and which, be- sides, is never seen in the fresh lakes. There are certain large round stones, in different parts of the Colony, which they believe to be the eggs laid by the waugal. There was, lately, one such stone on the shore of Curries Bay, near Mount Eliza, which has since been removed, by some of the settlers probably. On passing such stones, they are in the habit of making a bed for it, of the rushes of the blackboy; but with what precise ob- ject, has never been ascertained. They believe, most thoroughly, that certain in- dividuals among them possess the power, by magic or enchantment, of healing any severe wounds, pains or diseases; and also of inflicting, at their pleasure, upon others any maladies or distempers, of which rheumatism and ulcerous sores are the most common. These sorcerers are further sup- posed to have the power of raising or changing the wind, and of bringing on thunder and lightning, and of conducting the thunder to strike their ene- mies. But they do not know whether this power is an acquired faculty or natural endowment. The ceremonies used by the sorcerers, in exercising their magic powers, are blowing, snorting, running about, and making hideous grimaces. The act of controlling the elements is called "Mar-kal-bee- nung;" that of affecting the bodies of their ene- mies, "Boil yuk;" and the power of faculty of doing so, "Boil-yuk-ga-duk." Allied to this magic power is another, which they attribute to some amongst them, of dooming or devoting others to a sudden or violent death. This is believed to be effected by the person having the power of doom, creeping on his victim "like a snake," and pressing the victim's throat between his (the magician's) two thumbs or fingers. The death may not happen for some time, but the spell has not the less deadly certainty. Tonguin killed the man whom he murdered at Mr Shaw's, in consequence of his belief that that man had, in manner above described, doomed his (Tonguin's) brother, who, in consequence, was shot by the military. This terrific power they call "Mor-reek." They have several minor superstitions,—viz., that a fire must not be stirred at night with a pointed stick, or any spears (except night-fishing spears), otherwise some young child is sure to die; to burn the blood of a wounded person makes the sufferer worse, and endangers others;—the "Mungite," or flower of the honeysuckle or banksia, must not be eaten too soon in the season, otherwise bad weather is sure to ensue;—the relatives of a deceased per- son will not sleep on the place where his blood was shed for months afterwards, nor until a victim has been sacrificed to appease his shade, but when that has been done the trees about his grave are marked, in order to let him know that he has been avenged; and the same avenging ceremony takes place, in all cases, whether the deceased died a natural death or not. They appear, however, to forget that this intimation to the deceased, of his having been avenged, must be thrown away upon him according to another of their superstitions, al- ready mentioned, by which he must then be on his passage through, or already across, the sea. In one case in which the body of a deceased European was opened at Perth by his medical attendants, and bad weather happened to set in immediately afterwards, the change was confidently attributed by the natives to that surgical operation ; and they continue to this day to speak in terms of great horror of such treatment of the dead. There are certain ranges of hills, among others between Mr. Trigg's limekiln and Fremantle, which they consider very unlucky to pass over, and that all who cross them are likely to die soon. They call the mountain that contains the cavern discovered by Mr. Dale on the bank of the Avon, the 'Mountain of the Moon,' because they believe that the moon once entered that cavern, and left the print of her hand on its side ; but they have never used it as a temple, nei- ther are they known to perform there, or elsewhere, any idolatrous rite or ceremony. They have some wild and fabulous traditions of their own origin. They believe their earliest pro- genitors to have either sprung from emus, or been brought to this country on the backs of crows, but from whence the legend does not add. It is invari- ably believed that their women conceive in conse- quence of the infant being conveyed, by some un- known agency, from somewhere across the sea in- to the mother's womb. When a person is in a very deep slumber, the Interpreter has heard them say of him, "Now he is away over the sea!" meaning; as he has collected from them, that his spirit or mind, which had come here as an infant, had gone back to its own country. A tradition also is current among them, that the whole native population of this country was, in distant ages, confined to the mountains—that the different tribes now occupying the plain between the mountains and the sea are the descendants of a very few families, who migrated into the plain at a comparatively late period ; but when asked whe- ther any rumour had been handed down to them of the plain having been covered with the sea be- fore that migration, they have laughed at it. They assert, too, that the language of the mountain tribes, which now differs very considerably from that of the tribes of the plain, was at one time their universal tongue, and that their own dialect is de- rived from the former. It is a remarkable fact, that the mountain dialect is still invariably prefer- red and used for all purposes of a public nature or general interest, such as their formal public dis- cussions of the subjects of their quarrels between tribe and tribe, and their chanted narratives of legends, battles, and hunting matches. They state, as a fact handed down to them from their ancestors, that Garden Island was formerly united to the main, and that the separation was caused, in some preternatural manner, by the waugal. They have no tradition of any white people hav- ing visited their country before the establishment of this Colony, with the exception of a boat full of white men, who once came up the river, and which was doubtless the party of which His Excellency the present Governor was one, on his first visit to these shores in 1827. They say they were, at first, exceedingly alarmed at such an apparition, par- ticularly as they recognised, (as they imagined,) from the bank, in two of the boat party, two, in- dividuals of a northern tribe known to be canni- bals ; whence the elders of their tribes concluded that the party had arrived with the intention of eating them all up. They saw a gun fired from the boat, and a bird drop down dead, which in- creased their alarm. Notwithstanding, when the boat got as high up as somewhere about Mr. Col- lins's house, above the flats, and the white people went on shore, the natives ventured to approach them, and they say they received presents of hand- kerchiefs, among other things. Before the arrival of that boat, they had seen objects pass along the coast, which they now know to have been ships, but which they then thought to be monsters com- ing to devour them, which terrified them to such a degree, that they represent themselves to have sat down in despair, and done nothing but cry un- til the monsters disappeared. The northern natives have told the Swan tribe, that some time in the lifetime of the present gene- ration, some black people, who had no guns but were armed with knives, landed on the northern coast, among them. It is well known that there is no trace of civil government among any of the tribes, with which the settlers have yet come in contact. There is no supreme authority, either in peace or war, vested either in any individual, as a chief or patriarch, or in any body of individuals. A family is the largest association that appears to be actuated by common motives and interests. Thus, if a man of the Mur- ray tribe were to wound a man of the Swan tribe, the latter would collect all his brothers and attack the Murray offender, who would, on the other hand, be protected by all his brothers, while the remainder of each tribe would look on without in- terfering. They have never been heard to speak of such an occurrence as one whole tribe making war with another. In any one family, the best spearsman, or at least the boldest ruffian, appears to have the greatest influence, both in council and in action. The right of property is well recognised among them, both as to land and as to their moveable effects; but they are by no means scrupulous in appropriating to their own use any lost property which they happen to find ; in such cases they make no inquiries after the owner, but take some pains to conceal what they have found. They are avowedly proud of a successful theft ; and a mere attempt to steal is no offence ; for if, while endea- vouring to thieve, (or commit any aggression,) they are interrupted, and prevented from commit- ting the act, they say they deserve no punishment. Of course, the Interpreter has made a point of im- pressing on their attention the very different ideas and laws of the settlers on this head. The only mode of enforcing their proprietary rights, in case of theft, or trespass by hunting, is an appeal to arms ; in which case, however, the thief or tres- passer stands on an equal footing, and is not bound to give the aggrieved party any advantage, as in certain other cases. The land appears to be ap- portioned to different families, and is not held in common by the tribe. For instance, Nandaree, Elal, and Yalgonga, claim between them all the land between Mount Eliza and Fremantle, and from the river towards Mr. Trigg's limekiln. Bo- gaberry, Meelup, and Bonberry, own a tract eastward from Yalgonga's for a considerable dis- tance round the lakes. From near Monger's Lake to as far as Bassindean, and for a breadth of four or five miles inland from the Swan, is Munday's territory. To the north of Munday's, are Warang's, Miago's, and Moorungo's lands. These co-pro- prietors appear equally interested in their respec- tive districts, and are equally ready to revenge any trespass, which may be committed, not only by unauthorised hunting, but by taking swans' nests, &c.; Land is beyond doubt an inheritable property among them, and they boast of having received it from their father's fathers, &c.;, to an unknown period back. All the sons appear to succeed equally to their fathers' lands. For any injury to the person, the spear offers the sole mode of redress ; there is no trace of any tribunal, even of the rudest kind, to which, the in- jured can appeal for protection. But if one na- tive kill another, the killer, however great the provocation, must stand up, and, without any offensive resistance, receive the spears of all the deceased's relatives, however numerous, who may choose to fling at him ; nor are the latter restricted to any particular number of spears ; but no more than one relative must fling at a time. It is said to be very seldom that the offender is hurt upon such occasions. But this ordeal must be passed, or the offence is not considered expiated by any length of time ; for it is, beyond doubt, an errone- ous opinion that there is any certain period of time after the lapse of which the murder of a friend or relative is forgiven, without actual revenge. Mia- go's brother was killed by a man of another tribe about the commencement of the Colony; yet his relatives to this day declare their intention to take vengeance on the person of the offender on their first meeting. This ordeal is called "offering the belly"— i.e., to the spears of the avenging parties. But the offender does not ever think of offering himself to undergo this ordeal until he has heard that some previous revenge has been taken on some of his own relatives, or unless he himself has been previously wounded. Without some actual retaliatory bloodshed, this ordeal of the offender is considered no expiation. Marriages are always contracted at a very early age. The father invariably betroths his daughter, while quite an infant, to some individual of the same or another tribe, (for they do not confine themselves to intermarrying within the same tribe,) whose wife she is henceforth considered, although she may not leave her parents for years afterwards. They do not often steal their wives. Incest, called "yar-bellee," is not only not common, but is spoken of with open disapprobation among them. It is certain that parent and child, brother and sister, uncle and niece, are not allowed to inter- marry. Polygamy is well known to be general, and is practised without any known limit. When the appointed husband chooses to claim possession of his betrothed, he gives notice of his intention to her relatives. The bride, who, on these occasions, is always attended by her father and brothers, awaits her husband's approach, sit- ting in a disconsolate state, as she well may do, considering the dilemma that impends over her. When her husband comes up, he orders her to follow him. If she shews any readiness to obey this order, the brother or father hurls a spear at her, so as to wound her in the legs ; if she shews any reluctance, the husband treats her in the same manner. This scene is sometimes repeated on se- veral successive days, until, at length, the bride quietly follows, or is permitted to follow, her husband. They are extremely jealous of any infidelity on the part of their wives with strangers; but do not scruple to admit that they frequently relax their sense of honor in favour of a brother; but seldom, it is believed, of any other relative. The greatest number of children which any one woman has been known to have living is seven or eight; no instance of barrenness has yet been heard of among them. On the death of the hus- band, the wife is always adopted by some of the deceased's brothers. Infanticide is believed to be unknown among them, even as regards female infants, on which they set a decidedly less value than on those of the other sex. lf a mother loses an infant daughter, no notice is taken of it; but if a male infant die, however unavoidable the event and blameless the mother, she is generally speared or beaten for it. A brother, too, is allowed by the parents to beat and ill-use his sister as he pleases, with impunity. The women are speared (about the legs or other parts not vital) on almost all occasions, on which any male of the tribe receives a wound. The bro- ther or other relative of the wounded man is consi- dered justified in proceeding to spear—but not mortally—the mother or sister (but very seldom the wife) of the wounder, who never thinks of re- senting the injury, but seems to consider it as merely the exercise of an unquestionable right. The child becomes totally independent of his father's authority as soon as he can provide his own subsistence; and appears to acquire, by the mere ability to exercise it, an independent right of hunt- ing on his father's grounds. But the ties of nature appear always to retain their influence by urging parent and child reciprocally to espouse and avenge each other's quarrels and injuries. Not the least reverence is exacted from children towards their mother, whom they abuse and revile on all occa- sions. A male child very early begins to resent any chastisement from his mother. A boy under five years old has been known to throw a spear at his mother. There is no reason to believe that they hasten the deaths of old persons, however infirm and incapable of procuring their own food; on the contrary, they have been seen, on several occa- sions, to display much patient affection to their aged relatives, by transporting the latter from place to place, when unable to walk, on their own shoulders. They have no recollection or tradition of any scarcity of food—an occurrence which is known to drive some savages both to infanticide, and to abandon their infirm and aged. Their ignorance of numeration, and of any mode of recording the lapse of time, makes it impossible to estimate the average duration of life among them. Although when angry and interchanging abuse with one another, they frequently use very obscene language, still in their general conversation and habits they display a much greater regard to decency, both of expression and personal demeanour, than might be expected from beings so literally in a state of nature. (To be continued.) EDITED, PRINTED, AND PUBLISHED BY CHARLES MACFAULL, AT THE GAZETTE OFFICE, PERTH. Terms of Subscription:—10s, 6d. per Quarter if paid in advance, or 12s. if paid at the end of the Quarter. Single number One shilling. Terms of Advertisements: For eight lines 3s. 6d and 3d. per line above this number. Advertisements must be paid for previously to insertion. 