SNARLEYYOW, OR, THE DOG FIEND. By Captain Marryatt. It was in the winter of 1699, that a one-masted vessel, with black sides, was runing along the coast near Beachy Head, at the rate of about five miles per hour. The wind was from the northward and blew keenly, the vessel was under easy sail, and the water was smooth. It was now broad daylight, and the sun rose clear of clouds and vapour ; but he threw out light without heat. The upper parts of the spars, the ham- mock rails, and the small iron gun's which were mounted on the vessel's decks, were covered with a white frost. The man at the helm stood muf- fled up in a thick pea jacket, and mittens, which made his hands appear as large as his feet. His nose wes a pug of an intense bluish red, one tint arising from the present cold, and the other from the preventive checks which he had been so long accustomed to take, to drive out such an unwel- come intruder. His grizzled hair waved its locks gently lo the wind, and his face was distorted with an immoderate quid of tobacco which pro- truded his right cheek. This personage was second officer and steersman on board of the ves- sel, and his name was Obadiah Coble. He had been baptized Obadiah about sixty years before, that is to say if he had been baptized at all. He stood so motionless at the helm, that you might have imagined him to have been frozen there as he stood, were it not that his eyes occasionally wandered from the compass on the binnacle to the bows of the vessel, and that the breath from his mouth, when it was thrownout into the clear, frosty air, formed a smoke like to that from the spout of a half boiling tea-kettle. The crew belonging to the cutler, for she was a vessel in the service of his Majesty, King William the Third, at this time employed in pro- tecting his Majesty's revenue against the im- portation of alamodes and lutestrings, were all down below at their breakfasts, with the excep- tion of the steersman and lieutenant command- ant, who now walked the quarter-deck, if so small an extent of plank could be dignified with such a name. He was a Mr. Cornelius Vansly- perken, a tall, meagre looking personage, with very narrow shoulders and very, small head perfectly straight up and down, protruding in no part, he reminded you of some tall parish pump, with a great knob at its top. His face was gaunt, cheeks hollow, nose and chin showing an affection for each other, and evidently lamenting the gulf between them which prevented their meeting, both appeared to have fretted themselves to the utmost degree of tenuity from disappoint- ment in love; as for the nose, it had a pearly, round tear hanging at its tip, as if it wept. The dress of Mr. Vanslyperken was hidden in a great coat, which was very long, and buttoned straight down. This great coat had two pockets on each side, into which its owner's hands were deeply inserted ; and so close did his arms lie to his sides, that they appeared nothing more than as would battens nailed to a topsail yard. The only deviation from the perpendicular was from the insertion of a speaking trumpet under his left arm at right angles with his body. It had evidently seen much service, was battered, and the black japan worn off in most parts of it. As we said before, Mr. Vanslyperken walked his quarter-deck. He was in a brown study, yet looked blue. Six strides brought him to the taff- rail of the vessel, six more to the bows, such was the length of his tether-and he turned, and turned again. But there was another personage on the deck, a personage of no small importance, as he was all in all to Mr. Vanslyperken, and Mr. Van- slyperken all in all to him ; moreover, we may say, that he is the hero of the TAIL. This was one of the ugliest and most ill-conditioned curs which had ever been produced from promiscuous intercourse-ugly in colour, for he was of a dirty yellow, like the paint served out to decorate our men-of-war by his Majesty's dock-yards-ugly in face, for he had one wall-eye, and was so far underjawed as to prove thal a bull-dog had had something to do with his creation-ugly in shape, for although larger than a pointer, and strongly built, he was coarse and shambling in his make, with his forelegs bowed out. His ears and tail had never been docked, which was a pity, as the more you curtailed his proportions, the better looking the cur would have been. But his ears, although not cut, were torn to ribands by the various encounters with dogs on shore, arising from the acidity of his temper. His tail had lost its hair from an inveterate mange, and reminded you of the same appendage in a rat. Many parts of his body were bared from the same disease. He carried his head and tail low, and had a villanous, sour look. To the eye of the casual observer, there was not one redeeming quality that would warrant his keep ; to those who knew him well there were a thousand rea- sons why he should be hanged. He followed his master with the greatest precision and exac- titude, walking aft as he walked aft, and walking forward with the same regular motion, turning when his master turned, and moreover, turning in the same direction ; and like his master, he appeared to be not a little nipped with the cold, and as well as he, in a state of profound medita- tion. The name of this uncouth animal was very appropriate to his appearance and to his temper. It was Snarleyyow. At last, Mr. Vanslyperken gave vent to his pent-up feelings- "I can't- won't stand this any longer," muttered the lieutenant as he took his six strides forward. At this first sound of his master's voice, the dog pricked up the remnants of his ears, and they both turned aft_" She has been now fooling me for six years;" and as he concluded this sentence, Mr. vanslyperken and Snarleyyow had reached the taffrail, and the dog raised his tail to the half cock. They turned, and Mr. Vanslyperken paused a moment or two, and compressed his thin lips_ the dog did the same.-" I will have an answer by all that's blue !" was the ejaculation of the next six strides. The lieutenant stopped again, and the dog looked up in his master's face ; but it appeared as if the current of his master's thoughts was changed ; for the current of keen air reminded Mr. Vanslyperkea that he had not yet had his breakfast. The lieutenant leant over the hatchway, took his battered speaking trumpet from under his arm, and putting it to his mouth, the deck re- verberated with " Pass the word for Smallbones forward."-The dog put himself in a haying at- titude, with his fore feet on the combings of the hatchway, and enforced his master's orders with a deep toned and measured bow, wow, wow. Smallbones soon made his appearance, rising from the hatchway like a ghost ; a thin, sham- bling personage, apparently about twenty years old-a pale, cadaverous face, high cheek bones, goggle eyes, with lank hair very thinly sown upon a head, which, like bad soil, would return but a scanty harvest. He looked like Famine's eldest son, just arriving to years of discretion. His long, lanky legs were pulled so far through his trowsers, that his bare feet, and half way up to his knees were exposed to the chilling blast. The sleeves of his jacket were so short, that four inches of bone above his wrist were bared to view-hat he had none-his ears were very large, and the rims of them red with cold, and his neck was so immeasurably long and thin, that his head appeared to topple for want of support. When he had come on deck, he stood with one hand raised to his forehead, touching his hair in- stead of his hat, and the other occupied with a half roasted red herring_" Yes, sir," said Small- bones, standing before his master. " Be quick !"-commenced the lieutenant ; but here his attention was directed to the red herring by Snarleyyow, who raised his head and snuffed at its fumes. Among other disqualifi- citions of the animal, be it observed that he had no nose except for a red herring, or a post by the way side. Mr. Vanslyperken discontinued his orders, took his hand out of his great coat pocket, wiped the drop from off his nose, and then roared out, " How dare you appear on the quarter-deck of a king's ships sir, with a red herring in your fist ?" "If you please, sir," replied Smallbones, "if I were to come for to go to leave it in the galley, I shouldn't find it when I went back." " What do I care for that, sir ? It's contrary to all the rules and regulations of the service. Now, sir, hear me-" " O Lord, sir I let me off this time, it's only a soldier," replied Smallbones deprecatingly ; but Snarleyyow's appetite had been very much sharpened by his morning's walk ; it rose with the smell of the herring, so he rose on his hind legs, snapped the herring out of Smallbone's hand, bolted forward by the lee gangway, and would soon have bolted the herring, had not Smallbones bolted after him and overtaken him just as he had laid it down on the deck prepar- atory to commencing his meal. A fight ensued, Small bones received a severe bite in the leg, which induced him to seize a handspike, and make a blow with it at the dog's head, which, if it had been well aimed, would have probably put an end to all further pilfering. As it was, the handspike descended upon one of the dog's fore toes, and Snarlevyow retreated yelling, to the other side of the forecastle, and as soon as he was out of reach, like all curs, bayed in defiance Smallbones picked up the herring, pulled up his trousers to examine the bite, poured down an anathema upon the dog, which was, " May you be starved' as I am, you beast?" and then turned round to go aft, when he struck against the spare form of Mr. Vanslyperken, who, with his hands in his pocket, aad his trumpet under his arm, looked unutterably savage. " How dare you beat my dog, you villain?" said the lieutenant at last, choking with passion. " He's a-bitten my leg through and through, sir, replied Smallbones with a face of alarm. " Well, sir, why have you such thin legs then ?" " Cause I gets nothing to fill'em up with." " Have you not a herring there, you herring gutted scoundrel ? which, in defiance of all the rules of the service, you have brought on his Majesty's quarter-deck, you greedy rascal, and for which I intend-" " It ar'n't my herring, sir, it be yours-for your breakfast-the only one that is left out of the half dozen." This last remark appeared to somewhat pacify Vanslyperken. " Go down below, sir," said he, after a pause, " and let me know when my breakfast is ready." Smallbones obeyed immediately, too glad to escape so easily. " Snarleyyow," said his master, looking at the dog, who remained at the other side of the fore- castle-" O Snarleyyow, for shame ! Come here, sir. Come here, sir, directly." But Snarleyyow, who was very sulky at the loss of his anticipated breakfast, was contuma- cious, and would not come. He stood at the other side of the forecastle, while his master apostrophised him, looking him in the face. Then after a pause of indecision, gave a howl- ing sort of a bark, and trotting away to the main hatchway, and disappeared below. Mr. Van- slyperken returned to the quarter deck, and turned, and turned as before. WOOL SALE, LIVERPOOL.-Friday afternoon, an extensive sale of foreign wool took place at the Exchange rooms, Exchange buildings, in this town. The attendance of buyers was not quite so numerous as at the sale of the 24th June, al- though the competition was equally as great, and the proportion of wool sold to the number of bales offered was greater than the quantity offered for sale upon that occasion. Mr. Abram Gartside, Messrs. Hardman & Sons, and Messrs. T. and H. Littledale & Co., were the paitics who offered the wools, amounting in all to 1577 bags, including in that number 636 of New South Wales, 219 of East India, 223 of Moga dore, and the remainder consisted of Spanish, German, Austrian, &c.; The purchasers were chiefly from Leeds, Huddersfield and Dewshury, and thr surrounding neighbouihood, and the bidding was briskly kept up tluoughout the sale. Some of the lower descriptions were bought in again, but were afterwards disposed of by pri- vate contract. The whole of the Australian par- cels sold extremely well, and at an advance ed to aid per lb upon the prices of the sale of the 24th ult., varying from Is 7d to 2s lOd, ac- cording to their respective qualities. The East India lots, 47 bales of which went off at the sale at from 5d to 12]d peí lb, were all ultimately sold. We understand some heavy arrivals ,of foreign wools are expected in a short time. Standard, July 23, Ä destructive fire broke out in Treville street, Plymouth, on the night of the 16th July, which' we are sorry to say burned down many houses and destroyed property to a large amount. In the new .work by Dr. Neville, on insanity, the author shews by many comparative state- ments that madness prevails to a far greater ex- tent among civilized than among savage nations. ' It is easily conceivable, says he, that the mere animal in the bhape. of man, who eats, drinks and sleeps, giving no thought for the morrow, is less liable to become deranged than he of a more polished and méditât»e character.' Colonel Latoui's * Blucher,' which died the other day, aged 27, had 8 halls extracted from its body, which the poor creature received while carrying its master during the three days at Waterloo. A curious search is now going on among the ruins of a convent of Ursulines, at le Mans, in France, for an immense treasure, some say of ten millions, which was hid by the Abbess, now blind, about 30 yean, ago, in the first year of the republic. M. Thascber has already spent 300,000 francs in searching for it but in vam. " Hallo master," said a Yankee to a teams- ter, who appeared in something of a hurry, '" what time is it? where are you going? how deep is the creek? and what is "the price of but- ter?" " Past one, almost y two-home-waist deep-and elevenpence," was the reply. The Baptists of Jamaica bad presented an address to the governor, Lord Sligo, on his re- ported departure from the island, at which they expressed their regret, and in doing so took oc- casion to declare tbeic independence of the Esta Wished Church. The Marquis is only wait!» for instructions previous to returning home. Sir J. C. Smith had issued an ordinance h ing for its object the admission into DemerartTf African blacks captured on their passage h British cruisers, arid liberated by order of n? Courts of Mixed Commission at tho Havanna! ' The Africans will be apprenticed by the Gove' nor to such planters as may apply for them. '" All the Magistrates appointed for Deal und the corporation act, have tendered their resion^í* tion to Lord J. Russell, in consequence of th" H intention to abolish the quarter sessions. C ? A Roman family sepulchral vault, seven fe square, arched over, and containing 5 C0!UT strongly baked cinerary urns, arranged in niche. round its interior, was discovered behind th Three Tims Inn, Fore street. e Sir Martin A. Slice, has nearly finished afin portrait of the Queen, for which htr Ma'csty hu been sitting some time at Windsor Castle. The Emperor of Russia has lately granted t the Academy of Sciences of St, Pctersburnh 50,000 roubles, for the purpose of makin» a tri^ onometrical survey of the levels of the hfoX Sea and the Caspian, whereby a problem ofihel highest importance may be solved. The vaccine matter has recently been discov- ered in the udder of a cow, at La Ilautaye, near Amiens ; it has succeeded very well with a child who has been inoculated by it. A tooth ff Napoleon "Bonaparte, extracted by Mr. O'Meara, was sold, at the public sale of his effects, for 71. 17s 6d, and the instrument with which it was extracted fetched 31, 3s. i few lines in the Emperor's hand vvriting'sold, after much competition, for eleven guineas-a lock ofyhis hair forSl. 10s. ' Sir William Hamilton is elected to the chair of logic in the University of Edinburgh. The council divided thus:-Sir W. Hamilton, 14. Mr. Taylor, 10; Mr. M'Dougal, 5; Mr' Coombe (the phrenologist) 3. The seats for the ladies in the gallery of the house of Commons were to be ready by the3hi of July. The King had ordered a bust of the htc Duke of Gordon to be sculptured in order to be placed in the corridor of Windsor Castle. A 3'oung man formerly in the service ofthe King of the Netherlands was 'shewing himself as a curiosity at Parma, being 8 feet 10J inches in height and weighing 4 cwt. 1 lb. Mr. Wallace M. P. a professed radical, bavin» fully exposed the errois ofthe post office e£ tablishment in London, has commenced with equal energy on the general post office, Dublin. ,,- Mr. W. Campbell the eminent Glasgow merchant has given 2000guineas asbissubserip. tion to the first 100 churches built in connection with the Scottisli church extension committee. Money was very plentiful in the stock mar. kct and exchequer bills were down to 8s. pre. mium Capt. Polhill has produced a most successful "ballad opera entitled The Rose of Alhambia, the music by De Pinna. The Washington Globe states, that the United States mint has issued upwards of 6 millions oi dollars of new gold coin. 