\- -- 1 . ¿Jil I ¡Domestic Intelligence. - < , j,i is asionisning to 'witness what'a very small trifle will bribe some of bur" contempo- raries. Can an Editor be said to have any principle when even a bottle of gin will pur- chase him ? In the days'of tyranny we often asserted that Colonel Arthur could bribe most people with a dish of tea ; this assertion was merely symbolical ; but it is now beyond 'dis- pute that Hobart Town Editors are to^be bought by(a bottleo£ gin (oh!) The Editor of the Tasmanian has íeceived a bottle of Mr. Hackett's gin- this we know, but the cunning wag says nothing about the present, ^ but mel ely states "that Hackett's gin issinfinitely superior to any ever imported from Britain." Tne Editor Pf the Courier} with less èact, confesses that he' has been bribed- to cpuff the éaid gin ; he says he belongs to the Tempeiance Society, and only such," Gin as Hackett's would induce him to break his faith"-the simpleton ! How does, he know the gin is so good unless he has tasted it. Bah! he must have experienced that a whole bottle will leave no head ache, or he never could have so lauded the liquor. As to another contemporary, he lauds the gin so'ex travagantly that it is evident he nuist'havG written his article when enjoying the potation. For our patt we thank Mr. 'Hackett for ihis paltry bottle present, but he must be fully aware that we never puff even Hackett's gin for less than five gallons, and this is reckoning that one word from our pen is worth exactly forty times as much as any puff that cart else- where be given. J In a small community like this it is amusing to sec the enormous sums swallowed up by the Law Officers of the Crown alone. There* is a Chief Justice at £1700 per annum, (pay and allowance), Puisne Judge, at £1200, Attorney General, £1130, Solicitor General, £600, Crown Solicitor, Clerk of the Peace, &c.; £400, independent of the Registrar, with £600 in possession and an additional £200 in-perspective., The two Judges have very little public business to transact, the Attorney General lessj the Soli- citor General little more than the Attorney General, and the Solicitor all i the drudgery. The Registrar is the most comfortable > sine- cure in the Colony, save and except only that enjoyed by Mr. Gregory. We^need not refer to the Clerk of the Peace at Launceston, nor all the Deputy Clerks of the^ Peace,' but wa are preparing a short statement for Sir John Fianklin, showing the value received, by the public for the enormous salaries paid these gentlemen, and also shewing the splendid manouvre by which several of them, shifted the labour from their offices when they; had secured the pay.-Con espondent. , w i i Mr. Nicholson, one of the .Commissio- ners of the Caveat Board, is a gentleman for whom we all entertain a great; respect ; he is too a working man, not one of the drones of the Colony, and therefore he should be paid in such a way as would/ render ¡¿'un- necessary for him to act aS an agent in the obtaining of giants. A party who seerrfs to have adopted a very erroneous view ¡of ¡Mr. Nicholson's character, recommended áperson to employ that gentleraan;respecting a doubt- ful application before the Commissioners, adding "You sacrifice your interests tof¡your feelings of friendship fpr'--.'(Appli- cant's Attorney) employ nie and,he'll pull yon through-you knowv he ban' do'f it." plow, though we know Mft Nicholson is farrr fibove suspicion by men of the commonest'honesty, yet there are some whose 'lightness- of' heart would induce them to imagined? would act < m t they would,' were they in his situation. Pay him, and let liirn. ,be placed; jin, the si- tuation he o\ig)xi^Corres¡)ondent. ¡u , ¡,. , ' Ttie .Attorney GeneiaC « j.ep£*{perm- ing the,part of Mr. Private Apyoaate Stephen, in the tiial'bf JSolbmoñ v. Jackson, when " wmieTitoketfpaiE argument before ihe Court, said, he "pre- sumed Mr- Melville was, ,not particularly fond Mtätil ^ÍFfr^Wffí*W¡l immediately replied, Y' ¡Onewpnldr think, you beheve(d so by-the lodgin&s.; you had< then provided him "with ever ¡the ¿way.%x The reply raised the "ghost of a blush pn the]cheek of this would-be Lord Norbury.-Correspondent. n J .A Value of Imported Stock - it is but ' fair to 'notice, upon all occasions, the spirited exertions some of our most celebrated breeders of' stock have made for the improve- ment of both cattle and sheep, and we were more than ordinarily gratified by the display of beautiful stock offered for sale by auction, by Mr. Macmichael, on Tuesday last, the pro- perty of Mr Edmund Bryant, of Trafalgar. The attendance at the sale was exceedingly numerous, and the proprietor reaped the re- wards he justly merited, in the very liberal prices paid by the purchaser. The cows (in calf to that splendid bull Trojan) with calves by their sides, brought from £16 to l8 guineas ; steers, 3 years old, £20 ; yearlings, 12 guineas. One' lot of very superior yearling heifers sold to Mr. James Cox, of Clarendon, for £18 18s. each; a bull calf, 3 months old, to the same gentleman for 60 guineas ; a second to Mr. Henry Nicholls, (of Corra Lynn) for £67 10s., who was offered by Mr. Clark, of Hobart Town, 10 guineas for his bargain ; Mr. Clark bought the third bull calf for 50 guineas ; wethers averaged 23s. 6d.-and the whole sale, without the crops, netted the trifling sum of about £6,000-a tolerably satisfactory result. Mr. Edmund Bryant, in the true spirit of improvement, has purchased yester- day, his Brother's famous bull, Trojan, for 6oo guineas.-Cornwall Chronicle. It is said, that so anxious are two of'Arthur's relations to make the first im- pression on Sir John Franklin,'that they have actually engaged the steam- boat to leave the wharf with them the moment the signal is hoisted for the Farlie heaving in sight. We trust this trick will have no effect ; deception will, we trust, avail nothing. The mere desire to be the first to whisper soft poison in the ear of Sir John, ought to put him on his guard. Our readers will recollect the story of the Cornish Parson and the Shipwreck, and so ought it to be now. Let all have a fair start, and we hope the most honest and upright will be those who are alone to be the fortunate under Sir John's Administration. His Majesty's' Attorney-General manifested his splendid powers of eloquence last week. Having nothing to do officially, he for the best portion of three days honored the elegant hall of justice (about ten feet square of the Commissioners, for deciding claims to grants of land. After exhibiting much of the auaviter in modo, in the examination of his witnesses, &c.;, he in the gravest respect appealed to the Chairman to ascertain if he permitted mastication before his Court, as if hot he, the King's most learned, affable, and tasteful Attorney-General for Van Diemen's and would retire. The Chairman, however, bowed, which the Attorney-General consi- dered sufficient, and accordingly produced a tip,box containing sundry morsels of bread and mutton, with both of which he appeared ' pleased.-Correspondent. I .That highly^ and efficient Government officer, Mr. Dogherty, deploring deeply the 'decrease of crime, and consequently perqui-, 1 sites, has memorialized the Home Govern- ment for an increase of pay. Idleness to him is a certain loss, and he declares his strong opinion that so finishingt an officer ought to, rbe supported like other men oí grade, against the time when their official interference mayt 'be again required. He complains bitterly at, men receivipg £1,100 and odd perannumj for only preparing people for him, and he de 'clares that unless his pay is raised he'll show' the utility off hjs office in comparison with other Government officers, and never till be i has'the increase will, he drop the subject.-j Correspondent,,, ^ ' ' ' J 'SoPpeofthe first grievance^ to which we inteneV drawing the attention of Sir John Franklin, isr the want of a îegularly esta bhshed'~ Market-place. _, Muph ' inconvenience! and4os$dai]Ly occur«, bofh pn.the part of the' sellen and] purchaser« of marketable produce,! .inconsequence of the want/ of sucfi an es- tablishment. The market-place forced upon 'the people by the late Governor never will be .frequented.' People have the belief that it! was only erected to encrease the value of .GolonéV Arthur's property ; and every soul in' tlie Island is anxious1 to forget that such ai inan ever ruled over them. ' Mr. J. T. Gellibrand has arrived from Sydney, and he brings the, intelligence that Sir Richard Bourke may be shortly expected to arrive in Hobart Town, on board the Rat tlesnake. Sir Richard and Sir John! - only think of two Sirs living in Hobart Town! Why we must have a1 St. James's ! We have already a Court Journal and we only want a palace and a few et ceteras, and the territory. will become a principality. -Correspondent, Mr. Bayntons neat cottages, in Ba 'thurst-street, remind us much of home. Those which are let are rented by most re- spectable tenants, and we trust to see the en- J terprising owner better remunerated than he has tiepn.^F'tF^Hble^/íhem .being speedily 'occupied^ Thfere'ís' a< pump of pure Watér^nthe'frerníseS^'áíHhing'highly dési- rable 'in' fitpbafi?Town,'* and unattainable in s7dn>M^^«;;r.V_; ; '-. , ïtis said, that an. address is beinggotup by some pf jthejA/.thurc faction to present to Sir Johnson tbÍ9 arrival. \y]e hope sneaking addresses are jiever. ¡to, be 'got'up again in this ColPnyi , Web trusts a" public ..meeting i will jbe i called,'/ whenuíavery ,rtruei¡ Colonist will attend' 'and^giye this approbation to a public j demonstration of feeling, on the arrival of such ¡amari'as Sir1 John Franklin is represented to be by those wnb We havè much satisfaction in stating, that the arrangements respecting the erection of New Norfolk' Bridge']are cotinpleted. Co- lonel Snodgrass himself visited "New Norfolk last, week, and inspected the site on which it 1 is to be built. The bridge"will be under the i management of the Engineer Department. A i gang of fifty men will be sent this week to commence raakipg a road to the Bushy Bottom, from whence the timber is,to be brought, and the gang in* week ¡is j to bp doubled in number. Colonel Snodgrass also inspected and highly approved of the (projected im- provements to the entrance of the township, through the property of Mr.'Lacelles, and \ve believe the road is forthwith to be thrown open. Another immediate advantage 'was occasioned by Colonel Snodgrass's visit; the blocks of stone and wood, which were placed in the centre of the best part of the road to New Norfolk, were immediately removed, and with the exception of O'Bryan's Bridge, there is now no danger in travelling the road after dark. The district of New Norfolk will ever be thankful that Colonel Snodgrass has been a Governor of Van Diemen's Land. Colonel Arthur has corresponded and annoyed the j distiict with shuffling and quibbling for 4 or 5 years respecting the New Norfolk Bridge t Colonel Arthur would agree'to nothing but to delay-Colonel Snodgrass on tthe contrary in j one minute saw the advantage of such a com i munication being opened, and he without he- sitation ordered its commencement. So soon i as Colonel Snodgrass ceases' to be Governor, i we understand the New Norfolk gentry intend ¡ giving him a public dinner m horíor of their i respect towards him as a private individual, We were in some hopes that the viru- lence of party would have spent itself with Colonel Arthur's departure, or at least before this time - but to judge from the newspapers before us, those of Hobart Town particularly, quarrels and bickerings are raging there worse than ever; and cudgellings and vapulations of the most hostile, nay even brutish charac- ter, and no mistake, seem to be quite the order of the day. One of these, and indeed the most justifiable, that has made the greatest noise too, is the discipline with a powerful horsewhip inflicted by Mr. Gregson, a gentle- man of high honour and considerable property, upon the persons of two devoted Arthurites in front of the Enemy's Camp, Government House, Hobart Town, who appear to have borne their well merited chastisement with extraordinary christian meekness. -Australian, ' Dec. 9, 1836 1 ' The Theatre was last evening crowded 1 to excess, and " Giovanni in London," was performed to the very general satisfaction of the audience. Giovanni will no doubt draw several full houses. On Wednesday, the tra- gedy of Richard the Third, is named, "apd as this is a piece which is generally patromsed,.a full house may be! expected. Those persons in the pit,* who have »seats ought not to be permitted to stand up, as it is impossible that those behind can witness1 the performance. The' audierice ought to compel people so, situated to be seated-rand were this hint attended to,'the ipit'would conveniently, hold double as many as were present last evening. We have had a copy of Wood's Legal and Commercial Calendar forwarded to us. It is a highly useful vyotk' for all Government officers m particular, and the gentlemen of the long robe will find it to their advantage to be supplied with a copy. r ' By the Columbian' which arrived on Sunday, we have London papera to the 5th September. There is no new6 of any impor- tance. The wool market may be said to have advanced 2d. to 3d. pert lb. and owing to such unfavorable accounts of the fisheries, oil may also be quoted considerably higher. No ex- act price is however quoted as little was, then doing in the market. We some time since-heard that great improvements were to take place in the management of the Hospital at New Norfolk. A great stir was made all of sudden, but as suddenly were all intended improvements for- gotten, Colonel Snodgrass, we presume, is not aware of the domestic arrangement of this establishment. ^Correspondent. ~[ . , > ' 