THU BURIAL OF THE LAST MAYOR. -0 IT-rs--WVor¢hlip. on the ltast evPnie ocf his existence, having nobly sacrificed his sno btiety at the mahot any tablel of uncienl civic festivity, was carried home and decently deposited in his bed bv :he Town clerk, and such Aldermen and o'her mrnt hers as were capable of moving Tl'e. were too full* to speak. Not a voice was heard, not an Alderman's cry, As his course from the Town-hall was hurried: But the Town-clerk hiacupped his farewell acigh On that night when his Worship we bn iead. II. We bore him slowly at dead of night, But reeled in the corners turning, By the struggling gas-beams' misty light, And the oil lamps dimly burning. 11I. We covered his head with no red night-cap, Not in sheet nor in blanket we woua' him. But he lmy like'an Aldermanci taking his nap, . With his civic robes around him. IV. -_Iea?.?yanddeep was the Town-clerk's moan, Now he was full-- of sorrow ; And eveiy Alderman uttered a groan, As he tlhugolt of his head- ache to-morrow. We thought, as we gazed on that face of lead, How those lips with rage would quiver, When 'the vile Reformers should shout o'er his head, As he woke in a hilious shiver. VI. Lightly they'll talk of the spiritt that's gone, And in his unrobed state upbraid him ; But little he'll reek, for he'U turn and suore on Where his punch and his turtle laid him. VI?I. We scarce had time to muck his, Worship in, And the watch was nadnight calling, When we hbard the distant and ri.iiig din Of the Mayoress sillenly bawling4. VIII. Swiftly and silent we left the spot, As the Mayoress approached us nearly; Nor envied his worshilp'. nmorniin.g lot As- we-left-himus-aloune-w ath-hia-t.y. .__ * Query-Their hearts or pamnches, f We are uncertain whether this alludes to tht ghost of the departed Ccrporatc:n, or the evapo ting spirit of the punch.-Editor. $ It appears, then, ?h?:t in the town of the Mayor was not the better horse, LADIES BOARDING Scu;ooLS.-Now that legislative influence has- been extended to national education, we are surprised it has not been applied to the system of fe male-education, as- adopted in .bo- rling schools. Of' the moral and intellectual deficiencies of Schools for young women, or, to emplov the accredited jargon, of "'seminaries for young ladies,"-it is not our cue at present to speak ; and the ne cessity is the less, becaute they are mat trs- of-sufli' ie-t--nsot orietu.r .ut of the injuries inflicted on health, and the total want of comnmou sense, in almo-t all the arrangements of these establishments, by the utter ignorance of schoolmnistressies (the exceptions being too few to merit notice) concerning all that belongs to the living mechanism of their victims, the pulic requires t, be instructed. We have heard of a foreigner who entered a "'e ntiinary for Young Ladies," somewhere in the neighbourhood of London ; and, on seeing those implements of torture-back boards, steel stays, and feet stocks, lying about the apartment, compared it to the ante-room of the Hall of Inquisition. Every sacrifice seems to be made for the -falsely-estimated advantages of personal appearance; while th-e -fist'-cause of beauty, health, is not only neglected, but forced, and too often perverted. 