'Vox Populi — Vox Dei.' It is to be hoped that the Public Meet- ing to be held this day at the Royal Hotel, will be attended by all who wish well to this country, of their birth or adoption. Is New South Wales to continue longer under the domination of an irresponsible oli- garchy, or is it to take that place amongst Colonies and Kingdoms, to which by its wealth, its revenue, importance and future prospects it is entitled ? Colonists ! look at the statement of your revenue for the year past. Will you for the future, admi- nister it yourselves, or leave it in the hands of those who have hitherto fattened on your oppression ? Amotint of Exports, 1835. ? ? £ ? £ i ToGreat Britain ..1.495,937' ' ; To British Coloriies. . ,68,721 ' To Foreign States, ? Fisheries, New Zea- , . land, and ? South . Sea Islands .. ; . .. 66,223 ? , ' Total.. 630,88 1 Amount of Revenue received in 1835. OUDINAIty. ?? . ? . . Forl835^177;170 ?9''2';- Arreurs..£ 3,177 1 l\ — — ? : ? . ,.180,347 l6';'3i EXTHAOUDINAHV.' For 1 8.35 £ 3,063 15 10,1 . ' ' Arrears.. £ ? 856 14 0 ' ? ^-^— : ? ( 3J920 9 lQii, 1 ? ? '£1 84,268 Oli 'Crown Lands. ~ ? , . £79,104 16 4 .. ! : Arrears-. £10,275 13 0 ? £89,.')80 9 4' , Repayment . by Enii-' , grants.. 96 4 6 ! , 89,476.13 10 Total Revenue. ?.£273,74413 1 OjJ Ordinary and Extra. Re venue,. 1835 ? £180,234 -..5 QJ Orpwn Lands of ditto. . £ 79,104 J6 4 C Concluded from our last.'!) ,' Your Petitioners would, in tlio next placo. bo( lonvo to bring under tlio notico of your bonornbli house, the important -subject of the disposal of tin crown lands, wuich hare become u fruitful sourco'o Keyenuo, and the funds 'arising -from which, if .ju diciously laid out in the introduction into the coionj of industrious and well, conducted -f»millca- of tLc labouring classes, would, in 'the opinion of you: petitioners, be the most obvious and powerful monni ? of miaing tlio colony from, its present doptb of morn] -. debasement. 'Your Petitioners, impressed with dm belief, have observed with the deepest concern and aflliction, that notwithstanding 4he virtual proniiso ol IJis Mujosty's eeoretury of sliite for tho colonies, thai these funds should be dsroted solely to the encou Tagempnt of emigration, a 'large-proportion of them 'has been proposed to be applied to other local put posos — a mensuro ap injurious to the ,' best interosta of this community, that your potitionors feol thorn selves bound to appeal against it by every means in thoir power. . ' ' ' * . 'Relying with the . most perfect confidence in the 'benovolunt disposition 'of His Majesty, and in the wisdom and justico of your honorable house, yqut petitioners feel assured that the subject requires only to be brought under the consideration of-tboir Sove reign and of Parliament, to secure the adoption of measures by whioh' these funds inoy be restored, in their full amount, and applied in themo9t advatngeoui manner, to tho acooinplisbmunt of the important ends for which they appear to have boen providontinlly destined ; namely, the restoration of Booiety in this colony, and the infusion into it of that just moral feeling, which is the only secure foundation of free institutions. In general — Agreed. But it must bo allowed that as much has been voted in the Estimates of last year us caiube for the present conveniently applied to Emigration, and that there is an immense and accumu lating surplus available (and declared by the Governors Minute to be so) whenever the exigency shall demand. Your petitioners would entreat your honorable bouso to bear in mind, that from tho fncility of in quiring wealth in Now South Wales, by dishonest and disroputnble practices, tho possession of property affords but slight proof of good character ; a stole of things which your petitioners nro of opinion must no cessarily prevail so long as transportation is con tinued, unless on ontiro cbnngo in the management and discipline of tho couvicts can bo oflaoted, which, undor the present circumstances of the colony, they eoncoive to be hopeless, if not almost iinpruc ticnblo. Your petitioners would thoroforo humbly submit, that if it bo proposed to confer frco institutions upon the community, properly ought not to form tbo sole standard for tbo regulation of tho elective and representative franchises. Your petitioners would tlioreforo submit, for the consideration of your bonorablu homo, that if the convict upon the oxpirntion of his term of transporta tion, be admitted to the exercise of all tbo rights and privileges of citizenship ill this colony, transportation as regards the mother country, will no longer operate as apunialnniiiit, but as an incitement to tho commis sion of crime ; while tho consoq nonces of such a systom as rpgurds tho colony, would bo disastrous in tbo oxtremo. Your potitionors hiivo dwolt upon these subjects, not only' us vitally afl'ecting tho presont and future wolfaru of this colony, but «s intimately conneclod with the whole syatoin of secondary ptmiahment, and involving considerations of tho utmost importance) to tho einpiro at largo ; mid in submitting their views to tlio high fooling and enlightened judgmont of a British Senate, they foul assured that tho result will be such, us ut onco to protect tho intorosta of this remote dependency, and to advanoe the national prosperity. Wealth may every whero as in New South Wales be acquired by dishonest means, and although so acquired, will nevertheless raiso the possessor in the scale of society far abovo many more deserving children of misfor tune. Such has been the complaint of moralizers in all ages. Yet it has not led, nor ought it to lead, to a change of policy. Legislators are bound to act on general rules and to shut their eyes to many facts of great significance in morals and religion. The, general rule still continues unshaken, that acquisition of wealth denotes intelli gence, industry! and prudence ; raises the possessor out of the reach of minor tempta tions, and givcB him a powerful interest in maintaining tho rights of 'property and the peace of society. On these grounds has property been justly regarded as the best qualification for many civil privileges. Fre quently can no other bo resorted to without submitting tho moral qualifications of each individual to tlio judgment of somo fallible fellow creature. To what individual, or what assembly shall be entrusted n selection which require? not only perfect juslice,-but supreme intelligence? Until this divine tribunul be found on earth, we must be satisfied with those clumsy tests, by which human rights have hitherto been regulated: The extension to this colony of British Institutions, and the admission of Emanci pists to- tlierinor.e popular of the privileges they confer, are evidently questions essen tially connected. The true questi'dh'is, as already observed with reference to juries, whether, that admission be such an evil as toneutralize all the advantages of our nn- tional birtnright. No free emigrant could fora moment think of surrendering so great an advantage, unless.iri consideration 'of the supposed danger, -on the one hand,' of sharing it with the tainted progeny of the Transportation System.; or on the other. of exasperating tliat portion- of society, and endangering the peace of tho Colony, by aitf'iming to himself exclusive' privileges. Much of what has been already said' -on the question of 'Juries will equally apply to other privileges; to all. those which; are common to the generality of citizens ; to deprive Emancipists of which, would bo to fix on them a brand of. infamy from which they -cannot escape without flying- from society altogether. It is attempted to confound the offices of jurors or electors, and thpse of Judges and Representatives under, one com mon rule. The distinction is however pal pable and conclusive. One species of ex-' elusion holds up to public scorn every ?individual, to whom it attache.-. ;' tho other -can only affect a' very smalTproportion, and those only when by their own act they thrust themselves forward into a prominent station. -It is indeed difficult (o. perceive the danger that would accrue from thc3e persons in 'question being entrusted with 'their elective franchise, unless its legitimate use in; seeking the common prosperity be regarded by (the objector as endangering some 'of the' privileges he may himself possess: Contributing legally to the public purse, it is but just they should have some voice in its management. It is too late to urge the fear of occasional corruption as a valid argument against popular election.' lttnay.be right to enact laws against bribery and corruption, and to enforce them . vigorously. It may be right to fix a quali fication raising the elector, above all ordi nary temptation. But if consummate purity be essential to the elective franchise, the history of elections at home will amply show tha* on these' terms. Great Britain wpuld'TiKve still wanted a .-Representative Government. And what .would have been the effect of the deprivation.? Surely to throw the corruption avoided in ono respect irrto far more prolific soils, and more dan gerous, channels ' ' ' . ? .,,,', Whether transportation to 'New South Wales, be continued or 'abolished, and, whether Immigration proceed rapidly or slowly, this restoration of the reformed cri- ' minal to-civil 'rights will be equally neces sary with a view to an early attainment of tho moral and political character of an_ English community. If, oh the ono liaiitJi transportation shall cease, the influx- of Emigrants will be sufficient to afford that purification of society which' by this means it is sought to accomplish, and the most timorous, politician will be able to fulfil. .tlic law of. charity towards the emancipist, without any -fear of .polluting the -fountains of justice. If, on the other hand, trans portation continue, the greater will be the necessity to, society of the assistance of every good subject/or the time being without regard to past misdeeds. To act otherwiso would be as absurd as a fastidious rejection of damaged food in a time of scarcity, or the rejection in our Colonial Courts of the only evidence procurable; the result of which' would be the overthrow of all justice, on ' grounds very similar to those taken by, the petitioners. Nogoodcn'd is answered by declaiming about the evils of -colonial society.- To a certain extent they are admitted. They arc the produce of the soil, and known to be so by those who take up their' abode uponiit.' Nor is it any just ground of complaint to those who have emigrated hither in. pursuit of wealth and importance -inaccessible to them elsewhere, 'if the pride which so many advantages' have fostered, be called on to abate some of its lofty pretension's in the exercise of Christian charity, towards those who have expiated past ofi'enccs in contri buting to their prosperity. In matters of mere personal interest, these feelings (whether right or wrong, whether based in virtue or pride, or a compound of both) are already surrendered. Free emigrants of, the highest class and character ure asso ciated with emancipists in the direction of our Banks, in the Committees of our chari ties, and other public societies. What greater degradation is there in the same as sociation in the performance of essential public duties ? or rather what degradation n there in either course? They only libel themselves who represent their, cha- racter as dependent on such a circumstance. This co-operation in civil life (private intercourse being of course left to tho solo guidance of each man's, private inclina tion) is .essential to the , Interests ^of all' parties; to the encouragement of, reforma tion ; to the promotion of peace and good will, and the cemontingof those foundations on which alone the ultimate prosperity and good government of thin colony -can be es tablished. ' .-'?.; '. Lastly, look at the dangers involved in an opposite course. The Petition talks loudly of dangers on one side. Let them beware of encountering others far more rea.l and,thrcatening. Let them beware of leaving a large excluded, degraded class in tho heart of the community ; their minds rank ling with discontent ;— their children edu cated in feelings of disaffection, whichmay ere long ripen into .rebellion. Let' those possessed of power rather aliew: their solici tude for the welfare of the people by en; couraging every germ of incipiont good ;— by promoting the religious and moral odu cution of the young ; by* controlling and punishing actual crimo— -not by acting on a presumption that reformation is impossible} the only infuUiblo method of rendering it sp.-- ', ? ; Tbnt your potittonor* would vrith, all doforenoo submit, tlmt in a uommuiiitv abpotiuliarly oonstltiited as thnt of No\v South \Valon, tho ndminUtrotlon of justloo, tmd moro ospeoialiy in ariininul mutlurs, should bs prompt, oortoin, mid onorgeUo } mid, that notwithstanding aoniidorablu iinprovonient has of lute boeu affected in tho mode of conducting the ? -t/uiinaaa in the Supreme Court, it Still admits of im portant reforms, which would tend greutly to tha -jmbllo advantage. . ' : , ? We care not how fully the independence of the judgment-seat be secured, but the present representation is rather vial apropCs when it is notorious that the very Judge against whom the latter clause of this para graph is launched, is himself a standing ? proof of that independence, and of the impotoncy of a former government to re move him (according to its most earnest desire),, without sufficient cause. The con stitutional principles adverted to in tha last passage, exist only in the constitution of the petitioners' minds. When a Lord Chan cellor is Speaker of the House of Lords, and the two Chief Justices (Lords Denman and A binder) are at this moment Peers' of the same Body, and this has been in tho first case established, and in the others very common throughout all English History, the union of legislative and judicial func tions is'evidently no departure from English rule. The aim. is taken at the man, not at the principle. We should only like to know how the legislation of this Colony could have been .conducted at all without the assistance of that functionary. That tlitj Legislative Council, as at present con Btitutod, is inodoquute to the exigencies. of the Colony, and has no hold upon tho public confidence ; as well from tho numborof its membars being too'limitod, nnd tho majority of those memburs consisting of oivil officers of tlio colonial government, aa from its dobates not being open to tho public; and the right to ori ginato, measures boiug confined to tha governor, as president of the council — n circumstanco in itself sufficient, as your petitioners humbly conooivo, mnto» rinlly to offect that froe expresaiou of opinion, which is'so essential to a legislative body. . .' Has no hold on the public confidence;'' VEUY TllUE.. ' ? But the principal reason given, vehy TALSE. If the, presence of Government Officers be the reason, then would the public have confidence in a .Council composed of. an augmented number of such merchants and settlers as now occupy the seat of legis lation? Imagine all the Government Officers removed, and that' duplicates and triplicates of the young Patriotic and proposed Legis lators : usurp their -place; unshackled by responsibility to any elective body. We tlion confidently leave it to the people of New South Wales to declare whether such be the Council they want. , ., ^ . Tlfe right to originate measures might be readily surrendered, to every member of a Representative Body ; but it would be \absurd to do so to any otAer. Private mea sures might take the place of public ones; ^and at ali events the convenience of the Executive Administration would be sacri ficed without any corresponding advantage. Thnt by a recent judgmont oftho supremo court of Van Piemen's Land, considerable doubt has been thrown upon tbo validity of Titles to landed property in either colony ; it having boftu decidod by that court, that His Majesty cannot, without tho concur rence of parlinmont, delegnto a power to nlienato tho orown lands ; and that tho governors of tbo colonies havo consequently never possossod lognl authority to oxocuto grant!., whether undur tbo old tenuro of nujt rent, or under tho present regulations for tho sale of tho cro^wn lands. ? Tliis is an absurd blunder, wliich shews how .superficially the originators of the Petition have considered the most important matters upon -which they presume to Ad7 dress the Legislature ami the Throne. An objection taken in Van Diemcn's Land to thoybrwi of Grant (as running in the name of the Government instead of the; ; King), lias been confounded- with an objection lately raised in this Colony to the King's power to grant lands in any form. But these' matters are easily; disposed of. The whole question is a mere bugbear, and it is a ghost very easily laid.' ,! - ' : :-'* J. r Tlfe informality in question (.whichh'as been cured in Van Diemen's Land by issuing fresh deeds), is reported to have attracted the attention of this Government, and to have been referred to the Secretary of State, with a' view to tho adoption of a more con venient remedy. The measures in conse quence adopted, are understood to bo on .the point of completion. The question which in the Petition has been strangely confounded with the above mentioned, is still more readily disposed of. It is stated that as his present Majesty gave up his hereditary revenues to the disposal of the Commons, on his accession, the con- sent of Parliament is necessary to authorise a grant of crown land in New South Wales. It is not necessary to go into a minute exa- mination of the reasons which shew that the crown lands of this Colony were not in- cluded in the surrender. It is sufficient to state two facts which shew how Parlia ment understood the matter : — 1\. In the Act incorporating the Australian Agricultural Company, the grant of these lands by His Majesty, George the Fourth, who had surrendered his hereditary re- venues in the same manner as his present Majesty, is recited and recognized. 2\. In the Act disposing of the revenue given up as before stated, by the King; the whole proceeds are declared to form part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Bri tain and Ireland. : That doubts are nlso cntortainod, wlicthor tho mar riage laws, or what portion of them extend to this colony— a subject rognrding which your petitioners fool deep anxiety, inasmuch, ns it seriously affects the rights of inheritance and tho intorests of their children. This is also a mere bugbear intended to alarm the ignorant. A Marriage Law has lately been passed in this Colony, precisoly similar to one formerly passed for India, for the purpose of removing all doubt* which are here referred to. A case is now pend ing in tiie Supreme Court, the result of which, when tire judgment of the Court shall be delivered (and its favorable nature is matter of universal expectancy), will place the question out of the reach of every cavil. The omission of all mention of the Colonial Law referred to, is sufficient to shew that a truo statement of the caso was not intended, but merely the excitement of ungrounded alarm. Ignorance of the exis tence of this law, is out of the question. Tho Reverend Priest who is said to have drawn tho Petition, must havo well known how much the denomination he belongs to are indebted to that Act for tho fair and liberal footingon which marriagessolemnizcd by their Clergy, are now placed. Your petitioners most earnestly entreat, thnt, in daliboratlng upon tho hill for the future govern man t at tho colony, whioh they aro informed is about to bo submitted to pnrlinmout by Ills Mnjosty'a Ministers, your honorablo homo will bo planned to institute n I'ull investigation into its prnaent ciroiimstnnoes and aondltlon; and moro especially to tulio Into consider ation tbo following Bubjootu, vhs :— Tlio efliolonoy of transportation to Now South Wales as a secondary punUhmout — whether it shall be contiiuod, and under what alterations of the pro sent Byatom— or, if discontinued, in what innnner it may be made graduully to ooasa, so as to produce tho greatett degree of good to tha paront country, with the lajst detriment to tha Colony, the interests of ? whioh might sustain much injury from too sudden a chnu^e, . .- .'**. ' .The capabilities of*(ho colony qs a free settlement, and tho most effectual means of developing its re sources, and elevating the oharn'oter of its inhabitants ?by the oncouiogernout hf emigration,* and by the adoption of some well devised sahoine of religious and morul instruction . - * ? How far it may bo wise and expedient to extend the logislutivo council of tho colony, and to effect such changes in its constitution ns to render itoffloient for all present purposes, and a step towards the at tainment of a ropresontntivo legislature Whether, under the peculiar circumstances of this colony, a conditional pardon, or the completion of tho term of transportation, is to ha hold equivalent to the King's pardon, in romoving legal disabilities, and what should be the qualifications respectively for grand and petty jurors. ? Tho settlement to titles of landod property noquired , from the crown, and of the marriago laws retrospeo tlvely.'as well as for tho future, nnd the most certain nnd effectual mode of determining whut statutes shull 'not bo in foroo in this colony. ' , Your petitioners in making . this appoul to your ho norable house, repbso tho firmest roliance on its wisdom and justico : and feel conlident tbnt whatever measures muy be determined upon by parliament, and sanctioned by tho approval of His Mnjosty, will bo such ns to seauro the boat intorests of the oolony ; strengthening those ties which bind it to tho parent stnto.ond rendering it ovory.way worthy of its British 'origin. ' ' ' ? And your petitioners, as ia duty bound, will ever pruy. , ' , All parties alike, admit, tho present to be a crisis, frought with infinite good,-: or evil for New South Wales. Tho objects of hope or fear, are indeed widely dissimilar.* The leading hope of the one is liberty; of tho other,' power ;'. liberty abused is the spectro of alarm conjured up by the one, and power abused the source ot equal apprehension to tho other. ? . (- .?, , , In the mean time, the Colony is in a state which furnishes ample materials for 'declamation, if not for plausible argument, on both' sides. On the one hand, a growing free population, a flourishing Revenue and rapidly encrcasing wealth, call loudly, for the speedy introduction of those institutions by which the prosperity of our native land has been perpetuated through successive generations ; without which if Englishmen can. live in contented apathy, and admit any plea for their absence, short of rigid neces sity, it is of itself a proof they have been already withheld too long; a; proof that disuse of the healthy ' functions of free citizens has relaxed and paralyzed all the -feelings that belong to this high character, left, instead of a community, cemented by the bonds of a common interest and patriotic affection, a mere disorganized mob of selfish and mercenary individuals. - On the other hand, there are. peculiarities in tho origin and. habits . of. the people of this Colony which it is said wholly incapaci tate them for self-government, for adjudging each other's disputes', for trying each other's offences, and for taking any part in appro priating, even by representation, the money which they pay into the common purse. To discriminate between these opposing representations of. the two, parties, which' diyido this Colony, requires an impartial ? and ''comprehensive judgment. It requires a political vision not. confined to the near and present,' but. stretching' into ultimate consequences; capable of appreciating the insignificance . of many present admitted inconveniences compared with greater bo-' nefits secured, and greater mischiefs averted; of sufficient strength'' of mind to disregard tho clamours of those-' who see and feel these temporary evils, while encouraged by a steady gazing on' prospective advantages, which others maybe too blind 19 perceive, ortoo prejudiced to acknowledge, . If we look to the ground wliich the two parties occupy, we must at once confess, that of the advocates of free institutions to bo the most commanding. They muit be dislodged from this eminence before they can bo fairly defeated. Every presumption is with them, and the onus probandi is with their opponents. Englishmen have imme morially carried with them their native laws and' institutions to every lund which they have colonized. They can only be deprived of them upon invincible grounds of reason and absolute necessity. Innumerable diffi culties and dangers may threaten their administration, which may after all, when duly weighed, bo infinitely less than the mighty grievance of their destruction,' or even the delay of their establishment. It is not vague surmise, doubtful,' however honest apprehensions, — pride of rank or class, even though connected with the honorable distinction of an untainted repu tation, which can arail against the strong self-evident proposition ; Englishmen are entitled to exercise English Rights and live under the shadow of English Institutions. Least of all, can these surmises and fears challenge any extraordinary respect, when they proceed from the' Very class of persons - who, at present, possess peculiar power and influence, and naturally desire to perpetuate it. Shall we consult a Council of Regency regarding the power of tho youthful Ward to administer the affairs of his kingdom ? Let the people of Now South Wales cut tho matter short, like Charles the XIItii of Sweden. He proved his power to rule, by the wisdom and energy with which he, rose in the Council of Slutc to assert it, .Let the people of New South Wales vindicate their rights by asserting them with equal ability and vigour in the Meeting con vened fur the purpose, and they will obtain the samo success. 