THE PUBLIC v. THE PRESS. From the Colonist of Thursday last. This was a charge in equity preferred By the great plaintiff, claiming to be heard Against the things called newspapers, by which Sydney's o'erwhelmed, as by a sewer ditch. The culprits each were laid upon the shelf Until called up to answer for itself, Before the learned arbitrators three, In whose just judgment all wise men agree. The Herald being solemnly asked why It should not justly be condemned to die, Thus spake —"Your Honors know that I more news Retail than others, and that I abuse Only the Government and convicts, and "The system" 'gainst which I have made a stand. My circulation also which is large Supports my claim your worships to discharge." THE COURT— After consulting fifteen minutes, we In this our verdict perfectly agree. You are found guilty of a great offence Against good manners, honesty, and sense, And tho' we deem you worthy of the fire, Y'ou are discharged—go, mend—"you may retire." The Colonist was called on next to shew Cause why to Coventry it should not go. "Your Honors—Individuals, no doubt, Both great and many to see me turned out Of circulation would rejoice;" so said The Colonist—"but wheresoe'er I'm read, 'Tis known that none who sin, and call it sweet, In secret may their sinful pie-crust eat: 'Tis known that I make conscience to expose In print, what all the town already knows; I scold the hardened, and the young admonish, And friends and enemies alike astonish. From vice and error oft my pen restrains, And fear of lashing, not a few retains In outward signs of decency, who but F'or me, would give the most decided cut To virtue and religion." BY THE COURT. "Depart in peace—but mind it is no sport To injure private character—The press Should injure no man, but the nation bless." Then to the Australian—"Why and wherefore, pray, Can you expect to be let live one day Beyond the present month?" "Indeed I try To suit my friends and readers, whom I ply With matter to our taste—Cock-fighting, races, And every sort of sport my sheet embraces, In sporting phraseology, called flash, Or classic terms—you must not call such, trash." "Australian, you mistake yourself, and shew That in reality you little know Of the real character of that fine race— Australia's sons, who deem it a disgrace— An insult—to be treated as if they For nought but racing, cricket, smoking, play Had taste or talent. If 'tis your desire To save your life—of you this Court require To cut your company; your sentence hear— As "Racing Calendar" you may appear, Hence, once a fortnight." "MONITOR stand forth You are accused, and guilty you are found Of writing much which is of little worth; Of crimes so great and many, they astound This Court, and all who courage have to wade Through all the trash, made, making, to be made Once! twice!! three times a week, by way of Trade!!! 'Tis monstrous, dreadful, "horrible," indeed, To give up money, and the time to read Your lucubrations. Like the Sydney Times, If you'd be read, write all your trash in rhymes. Your sentence this. Once monthly is enough For your supporters to support your stuff— Your thrice quadruple—that is papers twelve, Roll up in one—at Bathurst Lake, go delve And dig—do what you like, but don't Write (but for patriots!)" "No, Sirs, that I won't." "Gazette—hold up your head—i. e. your hand Or hands"—"Your Honors, this we understand." "Silence, the Court now orders, whilst it passes Its judgment with due gravity on asses, Or Editors so called, who sit—that's pretty— To show their wit, or that they "WOULD BE WITTY" Three times a-week; you're each and both con- victed— (Ergo, you're convicts, like your predecessors!) Of grievous crimes to which you are addicted, And which must make you make way for suc- cessors— To wit—a bad example you make worse; The rules of right, your perfectly reverse, Or like the rules of grammar you despise, All good authority and publish "LIES;" Lies and false grammar, these may not be borne, Your sentence is, from hence he borne to school Of editorial honors you are shorn Your labors, which are worthy of a fool, Or fools—as oft as printed be they made Into foolscaps, for all who are betrayed In reading your delectable inditings, But chiefly for the authors of such writings. Constables, remove these daring sinners— On the last day of each month let them print Their trash; but see you let them have no dinners Till they can read and spell. We further hint That Latin grammar they should learn by rote, That from it they may more correctly quote. Whether in small italic or LONG PRIMER, Not as a merely superficial skimmer. "The last to be examined was The Times," Which notwithstanding its "ne'er ending rhymes," Was lab'ring in a fit of influenza, For which it temperance prescribes to friends—ah! "Sir Ghost, arising from the dead—wil't try Thyself to vindicate and justify?" Thus said the Court—The Times then and spoke To this effect, which passed as a grand joke. "I could say much, but fluency forego To make my "multum" spoken "in parvo." I am but just arisen from the dead: And by the use of his unaided head, Or brains, my dauntless Editor now tries To help me o'er my enemies to rise, And like a Phœnix I again appear From out the ashes of a former year If to condense my neighbours' trash in rhymes, And print them as a "Mirror of the Times;" If this and honest leaders not a few, Be crimes, I must confess myself to you A criminal—No printer can keep pace With my ideas so rapid is their race, By "William Harris," I have therefore sent To London for this purpose and intent, That I from thence, (e'en as from milk the cream,) May get a man who can compose by steam. And thus the public and myself may find The benefit of my expansive mind. "Enough, your'e sentenced—"this do not forget Twelve months in gaol, the same as if for debt." This sentence ended you again appear Upon the first of April in each year. The Times, which with its motto on its head, "Resurgam," ghost-like stared as from the dead, And panic stricken with an awful glare, At its contents, then vanished into air. 