THE THEATRE. On Monday night Richard HI. was pro duced ; the part of Richard being allotted to Mr. Barton, ' from the London Theatres' — 'lucus a non lucendo. It is evident that Mr. Barton and Shakespeare have a decided dif ference of opinion, respecting the character of Glo'ster ; aud it is fortunate for him that Shakespeare's ghost did not appear with those of his other murdered victims. As the whole (of this magnificent play hinges upon the part of Richard, so docs its success depend upon the -skilful management of that character. Mr, Barton, we are willing to believe, might have inude a successful debut in inuny of the characters which the wide range of the Drama offers for his selection : however much there fore his courage is to be ndmircd for the attempt, his discretion cannot be greatly ap plauded. It may be a conuolotary rellection to him that the most eminent actors ' in the London Theatres'! have failed before him in pourtreying the character of Richard. Most of the Dramutis persona: are beyond .the scope of the members of the Sydney Corps ; or ut least harmonize not with their genius which unquestionably exists in Comedy. The parts, however, of Duke of Buckingham and- Lady Anne, are suited to the style of Mr. Knowles and Miss Winstunly, and by their very able acting, as well us Mra. Downes' ub the Queen, the performance was ' redeemed ?from, utter failure,' (to quote the renowned Barron Field, of Kanyaroo celebrity.) Spencer, as Richmond, was passing good. Mrs. Jones, in Prince Edward, looked well enough, but her acting is distinguished by a native r/aitic de emir, which is in such u part disadvantageous to her. The little boy Jones, ; played the young Duke of York very cleverly. The rest seemed not to have moved in the ; V, atmosphere of Courts,' und were somewhat distraitcs in their Nobility. All the dresses were handsome, and suffi ciently characteristic, aud the Bccncry was indifferently good. The Afterpiece of Mrs. JViggins was quite reviving. ' We sincerely hope that this very fine tragedy ('Richard I II. X will on the next occasion of its appearance be more happily managed, 