__R I C H M O N D A G R I C U L T U R A L ____________SOCIETY. At the Quarterly Meeting of the Rich- mond Agricultural Society, at the Lennox Arms Inn, Richmond, Monday, 4th July, 1836 ; JAMES GORDON, Esq., Chairman ; the Secretary stated that there were two subjects for discussion adjourned to the present Meeting, viz :— First.— The Society having decided that the introduction of free labour would be of great advantage to the Colony, it was re- served for discussion at this Meeting, what is the best method of obtaining the intro- duction of useful free labour ? Mr. Stokell stated that he had made enquires upon the subject, and that he found that the bounty of twenty pounds offered by Government for Emigrants would be sufficient to cover the expence of bringing them out, provided that they were brought in sufficient numbers ; and that he had written to his agent in Durham to engage thirteen farm servants for him, and a country blacksmith and wheeiwright, and to send them out under .the Government bounty. That he was con- vinced that the best method of introducing free labour would be for Settlers in this country to send to their respective friends in Britain to select the numbers that each required, and to ensure them employment on their arrival here. That this would obviate the objection against the worthless inipqrtatipns to the Colony, by Mr. Mar- shall, and the Emigration Committee ; and that even if men so selected, and sent out, were not to fulfil their engagements to the masters who ordered them to be sent, that still their introduction would be useful to the Colony generally, and if sent for by every man that wanted free servants, the supply would be so great that there would be no inducement for the men to desert the service of their masters ; and as they would of course be selected with due regard to their characters, they would be more likely to be faithful to their engage- ments, than the refuse of society who were collected by money-making ship-brokers. It was moved by Major de Gillern, and seconded by Mr. Dawspn, that the method proposed by Mr. Stokell is the best that has hitherto been suggested on the subject, and that the Society do adopt it, and take the necessary measures to carry it into effect. — Carried unanimously ; and the fol- lowing Gentlemen were named as a Sub- Committee for that purpose,. viz :-- Mr. STOKELL | Mr. LEWIS Mr. OBSON | Mr. LOWES Mr. LORD | Mr. ROBERTSON, And to report to the next Meeting of the Society. The Society then proceeded to ballot for Mr. R. L. Murray, who was not elected ; and for Mr. John Wade, who was elected a Member of the Society. Joseph Steele, Esq. was also unanimously elected a Member. Mr. Guy, Captain Glover, Mr. Ricketts, Mr.T. Y. Lowes, and Mr. Strachan, of Argyle-street, paid their sub- scriptions, and were added to the roll of the Society. The Secretary laid before the Meeting a letter which he received from Mr. E. W. Bedford on the subject of the concretions in the intestines of sheep, by Mr. Mar- shall, which had been submitted to Mr. Bedford by the Secretary for his opinion. __To the Secretary of the Richmond Agricultural ____________Society. ',.'',' __SIR,— The two, specimens of intestinal concretion which you forwarded to me from the Richmond Agricultural Society, were of a slight leathery ap- pearance; very light and compact ; tliev were irregu- larly shaped, flattened at their sides and extremities, and the intermediate ridges rounded off. On making a section of one of them, there did not appear to be any nucleus upon which it was formed ; the structure was, the same throughout, and consisted of four dis- tinct layers of fibres deposited in succession, of nearly the same figure, and gradually decreasing in circum- ference. These layers were not of equal thickness-- the largest of the specimens measuring 1¼ inches in length, the same in breadth, and weighing an ounce and a half. From their external characters, the fibres of which they were composed, and the absence of all animal matter, I believe them to consist of the indigested particles of the food upon which the sheep were pastured. Intestinal concretions: only occur under these circumstances.-- ___First--The entrance of such substances as gall stones, &c.; into the alimentary canal, ___Second--The collection of some indigestible sub- stances, as in the present case ; but these sometimes form the nucleus upon which secretions are depo- sited after their reception into the intestines. ___Third --The collection into masses of matter de- rived from the alimentary canal. The effects produced from these bodies are some- times were mechanical obstruction to the bowels ; at other times a sac is found, in which they lie without bad symptoms— in other cases, if in the stomach or upper intestines they may impair digestion, and they may cause death by inducing ulceration of the intes- tines. Then masses having been found in several sheep at one spot, without previous symptoms or apparent disease, it appears to me almost conclusive that some peculiartty in the feeding ground is the cause. The only means of relief would be glysters and oily purges, so as to cause the passage of these bodies by stools.— I am, Sir, your most obedient humble Servant, _______________E. W. BEDFORD. The Meeting ordered the Secretary to enter the letter on the minutes, and to thank Mr. Bedford for the trouble he had taken, and his attention in writing. Mr. Stokell said that he considered it a matter of great importance to ascertain the nature and means of curing the disease to which the cattle in this Colony are so subject. The Secretary stated that he was persuaded that the disease in question was what is known in the highlands of Scot- land as the moor ill, and described by Clater as he joint felon, and was in fact produced by cold and wet, and to be cured by warmth and opening me- dicine. Mr. Stokell differed from this and related some cases which had fallen under his own observation, wherein the kidneys were found to be much injured, and according to the stage of the disease, in every stage of decay—first violent inflam- mation— then in a sort of solid jelly--and lastly, almost completely dissolved in water. He related one case wherein he effected a cure. We have given his recipe in another column. It was then moved by Mr. Stokell and seconded by Mr. Tolmie and carried unani- mously that the disease to which cattle are subject in this country, with the best method of its cure or prevention, form the subject for discussion as this next Meeting. It was stated that some gentlemen were making experiments on the subject of soil, burning for manure, and the discussion of that subject was adjourned. On the Ploughing Match being brought under consideration, it was unanimously resolved, that the state of the roads in the district is such that it will be impossible for the inhabitants to meet at any one point in the district with their teams and ploughs this season, and therefore that the Ploughing Match be put off for the pre- sent. The Committee of management was re- quested to meet on the first Monday in September, to determine the amount of the premiums, to be given at the General Annual Meeting in January, and the rules of competition. Dinner being then an- nounced, the Meeting was adjourned to be next held at Sorell, on the first Monday in October. Most of the Members dined together, and continued several very interesting dis- cussions on various subjects connected with rural economy, particularly the present scarcity of butcher meat, and the import- ance of paying greater attention to the rearing of pigs. Mr. Gordon offered a bet that he would, before the next Meeting produce the best twenty hams and twenty flitches of bacon in the Colony, which was accepted by Mr. Stokell ; the latter gentle- man sold two tons of bacon and hams, and two hundred weight of lard, to Mr. Bus- combe, at 1s. 1d. a pound. The dreadfu state of the roads was also talked of, but dismissed for the present as a hopeless subject. We copied, last week, a notice published by Governor Bourke to set at rest all doubts regarding the validity of the grants issued by the former Governors of New South Wales, and enquired why Colonel Arthur did not issue a similar notice ? The reason is, that the Judges here have deci- ded contrary to common sense and natural justice, as well as the verdict of a Jury, in pronouncing that the grants of General Macquarie and Sir Thomas Brisbane con- veyed no legal estate, because of a technical error in the form of the grants. We always said that the British Government would correct this defect by some general mea- sure— they have done so, and where now is the decision of our precious Judges in the case of Terry and Spode — will the order if the King fall before the decision of Messrs. Pedder and Montagu ?--We say, decidedly not. But there is a worse case than that in which the Judges are not implicated, except in so far as they have countenanced the iniquitous principle by their absurd decision. The case to which we refer is that of Burnip, and the repre- sentatives of the late Wiiliam Forbes. .A Doctor Noble, who was once a resident in this Colony, and a surgeon in the navy, received from Governor, Macquarie a grant of 400 acres of land near Brighton. Dr. Noble left the Colony, leaving his property with a power of attorney with Mr. James Mitchell, with authority for Mr. Mitchell to dispose of it to his own advantage, if Dr. Noble did not return within a certain time to the Colony. Dr. Noble did not return. When the Governrnent projected the famous Bridgewater scheme, and turned the main road out of the township of Brighton, which had been originally fixed by Governor Macquarie and confirmed by Commissioner Biggs, and several thousand pounds of the public money expended in erecting buildings upon it by Colonel Arthur when he was about to immortalize himself by giving a new capital to Tasma- nia, and proved as erratic in his choice as the relics of St. Cuthbert. After all these were abandoned for Bridgewater, the road being turned, a new township was laid out on Dr. Noble's estate, and called Pont- ville, on which one allotment of ten acres was given to a veteran named Burnip, whip built a house upon it. Mitchell then put in his caveat, and no more allotments were given. Mr. Wentworth having taken up Mitchell's case. Mitchell then let the land on lease to Forbes. Burnip had execu- tions in his house to the amount of £800, which Forbes discharged, taking Burnip's warrant of attorney for the amount. Burnip afterwards became indebted to Forbes in a further sum of £600, making in all £1,400. Some time after this, Forbes became urgent for payment, and Burnip gave him up his house and allotment in Pontville--that is on Dr. Noble's estate, which Forbes held on lease, and intended to purchase. Forbes made very considera- ble improvements on the place and under- let part of the estate, including Burnip's house and allotment, to Mr. William Mawle, the present tenant, who made addi- tional improvements upon the place, and established one of the best inns on the Launceston road upon it. Forjbes died without having obtained any conveyance, having during his lifetime applied for a grant in Burnip' s name, which application was opposed by Mitchell, as the repre- sentative of Noble, and refused by the Board. After Forbes' death, Burnip re- newed his claim to the property, for which he had received the full value from Forbes, upon which the executors very inconside- rately entered up judgment on the warrant, of attorney. Burnip, through the official bank, got a loan to pay off the warrant of attorney, and mortgaged the house, &c.;, to Captain Swanston, a Member of the Legis- lative Council, and in a very short time a grant was issued to Burnip for the ten acres of Noble's land, to which he had formerly abandoned all claim in considera- tion of the sum of £1,400, which he owed Forbes. Strange to say, this grant issued without any notice being given in the Gazette that an application had been made for it ; and Burnip, or rather Captain Swanston obtained a title to land which had been previously granted to Dr. Noble, whose tenant had farther paid Burnip for his interest, or rather for his improvements made under his intrusive possession. Now Captain Swanston as Mortgagee, under the colour of this grant, obtained contrary to both law and justice, brings an action of ejectment against Mawle, who derives a double, title %p his possession. First, from Noble the original grantee, and second, from Forbes, the purchaser of Burnip's interest. Now, under this grant, Captain Swanston will obtain an ejectment against Mawle. What then becomes of the original Royal grant ?— and who will say after this that Colonel Arthur does not, by his won Act, set aside the Royal Authority of his master ? ( A question may hereafter arise as to who shall pay compensation to the injured party, and the law expences in this case, and in Terry v. Spode. Extract from a review in Blackwood 's Magazine, of " Days Departed ; or, Ban- well Hill" By the Rev. William Lisle Bowles. __'' We know not a more certain synptom of hypo- crisy in religion than in minds themselves, obviously worldly in the extreme, an exaggerated condemnation of all little worldlinesses in all other honest people, gravely jogging, or gaily skipping along the path of life. Those people are often the least worldly, on whom they, who make the loudest boast of their unworldiness, seek basely to affix that opprobrious epithet ; for they walk the world with a heart pure as it is cheerful—they are, by that unpretending purity, saved from infection, and as there are as many fair and healthy faces to be seen in the smoke and stir of cities as in the rural wilds, so also are there as many fair and healthy spirits. __" The world, the wicked world, has not that power over us Christians that the Canters say, and as for the mere amusements of the world, frivolous as they may too often be, little power have they over that which is so 'majestical ; ' yet, to listen to some folks, you would think that all the boys and girls one sees, ' like gay creatures of the element dancing under 'a chandelier pendant from the roof, like some starry constellation, were quadriling away to the sound of music into yhe bottomless pit. Is it not, for example, most disgusting and loathsome to hear some broad backed, thick calved, greasy faced, well fed, and not badly drunk Caitiff of some canting caste, distinguished in public and private life for the gross greediness with which he gobbles up every thing eatable within reach of his hairy fists ; preach- ing and praying, and exhorting young people full of flesh, and blood of the purest and clearest quality to forsake and: foreswear the world — to quell within them all mortal vanities, and appetites and lusts ? To whom is the hound haranguing ? What means he by lusts, while the sweet face is before him of that innocent girl of fifteen or twenty ? For what are years to her, into whose eyes GOD and the SAVIOUR have put their light angelical — that ineffable loveli- ness, as pure from taint s the rose blushing on her lily breast, which she gathered in the garden a few hours ago among the earliest songs of birds, while yet the pensive expression had not time to leave her countenance, still lingering there, from the piety of her soul breathed prayers ? Shocking to hear the ugly monster coarsely canting to such a creature of her corruption. She knows that she belongs to a fallen nature--oftentimes her tears have flowed to think of how undeserving she was of all the goodness showered on her head from Heaven—often has she looked upon the lilies, of the field, and envied their innocence. Meek and humble is she even in, her most joyous happiness ; contrite and repentant even over the shadows of sin that may have crossed her spirit, as the shadows of clouds suddenly pass over ' a stationary spot of sunshine.' Even for her sake, she knows that ' JESUS wept.' With what a revered touch do those delicate hands of hers turn over the leaves of the New Testament— her father and her mother intensely feel themselves to be Christians whilst she reads to them the story of. the crucifixtion. She remembers not the time when she knew not Him who died to save sinners ; for her patents were in- structed by these words, ' suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven.' Fine are all the threads of holy feeling by which her pure thoughts are linked and allied, as the lines of gossamer, floating with their dewy drops all over the flower garden, from which she culls garlands for those she loves— her young companions and her aged friends ! " The clown breaks through them all with the slang of his tongue, and his eye, and frightens her, as with the bellowing of some wild and unclean beast within the bowers of paradise. And why will parents suffer such hoofs within their gates ? Is not his rank smell sufficient to sicken the family ? Are not the roses and the lilies insulted by his fetid breath, and Flora put to flight as by a satyr ? " Forsake the world, indeed ! who made it ? who fitted us for it ? who placed us in it ? What duties lie out of it ? " Not one — for love to our fellow creatures is of GOD, and love to GOD, is of our fellow creatures, and both alike draw breath ' from this bright, and shining world. ' We must not forsake the world, even though it should have been darkened by the sins of ourselves, and others. Birds of calm, are often seen in storm, the primrose smiles on the brow of the windiest hill, nor cares for snow, or sleet, and hath not a christian soul, the same power to pre- serve itself from scathe, which hath been given, to insensate, and inanimate thirigs ? And then, what sort of a world is to be substituted for the one we are wickedly bid to abandon ? A dark, narrow world indeed— yet, narrow as it is— haunted by thoughts that can, and too often do, debase and terrify into idiotry or madness. " For nature thwarted, must dwindle into decay or distortion. The very shape of the soul becomes deformed— its lineaments ghastly, as with premature age ; the spring is struck out of life — the gracious law of her seasons are disobeyed— and on the tree of knowledge we are to look for fruits before blossoms. Bad philosophy, and worse religion. " Commend us to such christianity as Mr. Bowles preaches so eloquently in this poem. To use his own words, " No Priest is he " Who deems the Almighty frowns upon his throne. Because two pair of harmless Dowagers, Whose lives have lapsed without a stain, beguile An evening hour with cards, who deems that Hell Burns fiercer for a saraband." We dare say Mr. Bowles, like ourselves, has long given up dancing, and that he may occasionally join in a rubber of whist, for six-penny points — he is, like ourselves, no very assiduous card player. 'Tother evening, we laid aside our crutch, and tried, not unsuccessfully, to stand up in a quadnlle, rather than that fifteen young people should be deprived of their dos-á-dos, and we acquitted ourselves like a Lancer. Same evening, we faced an old lady at whist, and with the exception of a single revoke, which had like to have brought down an old house about our ears, we played to the delight of Hoyles ghost, who kept looking all the while, over our shoulder, pointing to each victorious card, in an irresistable hand. Surely, there was no sin in that, Doctor Cantwell ? Mr. Bowles truly says, that the two great crimes of a professed puritan, most truly the nominal christian, are, and have been, from the time of the Manicheans-- the Drama, and the Dance. To these abominations, such christians con- stantly add card playing, without distinguishing whether accompanied with the spirit of gaming. It is easy, he adds, to conceive the reason why the old fathers were so horror-struck at dancing, considering the licentious character of the eastern dance ; but, what resemblance is there in a social meeting of this kind, to which a father, and a mother, being their sons and daughters, and of which in their youth they have taken part, without one evil thought or feeling ? He who can view such a meeting with impure feeling, certainly had better stay away ; but what must the impurity of his heart be to confess such ideas ? "The spirit of puritanism ( he concludes) is as much like the spirit of Christianity, as the mermaid, which was carried about for a show, consisting of an ass's head — and a fish's tail is like a beautiful woman. " 