ANNO DECIMO GEORGII IV. REGIS. CAP, XXII, An Act to provide, until the thir- ty first Day of DECEMBER One thousand eight hundred and thirty four, for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Hol- land. [14th May 1829. WHERE AS dives of His Majesty's Sub- jects have, by the Licence and Consent of His Majesty, effected a Settlement upon certain wild and unoccupied Lands on the Western Coast of New Holland and the Islands adjacent, which Settlements have received and are known by the Name of Western Australia : And whereas it is necessary to make some tem- porary Provision for the Civil Government of the said Settlement, until the said Undertaking shall be further matured, and the Number of Colonists in the said Settlements increased ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excel- lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament as sembled and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty His Heir and Successors, by any Order or Orders to be by Him or them made, with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, to make, ordain, and (subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as to Him or them shall seem meet) to authorise and empower any Three or more Persons resident and being within the said Set- tlements to make, ordain, and establish all such Laws, Institutions, and Ordinances, and to constitute such Courts and Officers, as may be necessary for the Peace, Order, and good Government of His Majesty's Subjects and others within the said Settlements ; provided that all such Orders in Council, and all Laws and Ordinances so to be made as aforesaid, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as conveniently may be after the making and Enactment thereof respectively : Provided also, that no Part of the Colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, as at present established, shall be comprised within the said New Colony or Settlements of Western Aus- tralia. II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue iu force until the thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty four, aud thenceforward until the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, and no longer. The above is a copy of the Act of Parliament which made Swan River a dependance of the British Throne and added a Jewel to the Diadem of the King of England. It will form an era in the history of the world that Australia, the fifth part of the globe is an appendage to En- gland, but the Swan may proud- ly rear her swelling Crest and exclaim "this is a free Colony." It is remarkable that the first at- tempt on the part of Great Bri- tain to Colonize New Holland or Australia, was to send to the other side of the Island a body of Convicts in the year 1786 un- der Captain Arthur Phillips, and a requisite guard, which body of Convicts (combined with free Emigrants since that period) and the natural encrease, form the population of New South Wales. That Colony has grown to a state of great prosperity arising chiefly from the immense Government expenditure laid out in support of the refuse of the Jails of En- gland. The Convicts were oblig- ed to work harder than they could have done in a Tread Mill and consequently, roads were made, bridges formed, and land cultivated with little ex- pense to the free Settlers who had only to supply their felon servants with rations. Some of these Convicts having passed through purgatory, are now the richest people of New South Wales, but such it state of So- ciety we deprecate. "Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the Leopard his spots." If such a miracle is ever accomplished then the man in that has been bred up in every wickedness will, after his punishment has expired, be quite pure and undefiled, and become a virtuous, honest and respectable member of society. We have been led into these re- marks on account of the hostil- ity which has invariably been displayed by the Penal Settle- ments of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land towards this free Colony. Every engine has been used to lower Swan River in the estimation of the world, and nip the infant bud. We now throw down the gauntlet of defiance, and tell these people that their puny efforts have been utterly abortive. Unassisted by any Government support we at- tempted to form a FREE British Settlement on this Coast in the year 1829, and the Settlement by the noble exertions of English- men, Scotchmen and Irishmen, has risen to eminence and takes her station confidently amongst the Colonies of Great Britain. We want no Convicts here, nor the contamination of their society in any shape; and it now can be said that we are not only able to exist without their boasted as- sistance, but may send wheat to Sydney grown by free labour when the crops of that Colony fail which we believe has SOME- TIMES occurred. No droughts here, ever blast the prospects of our free population. The rain of Heaven with its benign influ- ence is periodical and abundant, and we fear- lessly assert that a finer climate than that of Swan River, a climate peculiarly adapted to European constitutions has not its parallel in the world. We fling the cowardly, insidious and base reports which have been so indus- triously propagated, into the teeth of our ene- mies, and with proud exultation we point to our rapidly encreasing flocks of sheep, and herds of cattle ; our Colonial stock of horses which at no distant date will form a valuable exportation to India, and the general capabilities of the Col- ony which is admirably adapted for grazing and Agricultural purposes and the rearing of every useful animal that the bounty of Divine Pro- vidence has placed at the disposal of man. This is no idle tale ; no wild chimera of the brain, but the test of nearly eight years expe- rience, and facts speak for themselves. We are alike disregardful of the frowns or smiles of our Penal neighbours, and laugh at their oft re- peated attempts to injure this independent Settlement. They are jealous because this is a free Colony, and that we can claim the inherent rights of Englishmen. For the information of the emancipated Convicts of Van Diemen's Land and New South Wales with their currency prog- eny, We have prefixed the Act of Parliament constituting this a colony, entirely independent of the Governments of Sydney or Hobart Town. From the bad feeling which has always been displayed by the above Colonies towards poor Swan River, we new tell them that "INDE- PENDENCE AND FREEDOM" is the motto of the Swan River Emigrants, and that every Settler here has freedom ; however dis- turbed we may be, with a few political abuses, which will soon be rectified. Since they are displeased with the Colony, it must be owing to their own folly in sending agents here with Cargoes, who attempted to play the part of fine gentlemen without effect, but perhaps to the sorrow of their owners. The Act of Parliament prefixed to this article has been extended to the end of the present year, and on its renew- al many changes for the benefit of Swan River will in all probability take place owing to the unceasing exertions of that true Patriot, W. Tanner Esq. who by late dispatches has been in frequent communication with Lord Glenelg respecting this Colony, and will do it more real good than the much puffed up Captain Irwin, a man whose political principles when he casually became Lieutenant Governor here, we abhorred. We presume that as permanent Commandant of the Troops he will have a seat in the Council, but things are somewhat altered since he left Swan River. The people have now a staunch and independent "Guardian" to watch their interests and promote the true wel- fare of the Colony, not by distributing crumbs of comfort amongst fawning parasites and pam- pered favorites, to the injury of others who were not such slaves as to "bow the knee to Baal." We have been favored with the perusal of a private letter from London dated 17th. June last and the following is a quotation, from it " I send this per "Joshua Carroll" Captain Toby. " I have not sent any goods in that vessel, and " my reason for not sending some is that Messrs " Mangles appear to want to monopolize the ship " ping trade to Swan River, and to charge ex- " orbitant freights. They demanded £4 per ton " for goods, and had they been contented with " £3 per ton the ship would have been filled and " off six weeks hence, I am now shipping goods " for Southern Australia at 50s. per ton which " will pay them very fairly. The next Ship will " sail in about ten weeks. Mangles has adver- " tised the Hero for Swan River." The above quotation speaks volumes, and shews that this Colony is a complete Job in the hands of cer- tain parties. Let us one and all burst asunder the fetters that have been gradually linking around us; and tell Messrs Mangles and Com- pany, this independent Settlement shall not be mangled by them, to suit their own selfish ends, but that the Colony now rises triumphant from the Incubus that had nearly pressed her to death, and looks proudly forth among the Col- onies of Great Britain. What! are second-hand Wapping Merchants to make a monopoly of Swan River. They never shall ! so long as the body of the people of this Colony are firmly united to oppose oppression, and break a cabal that hitherto has had all the sway. If any per- son is offended at these remarks let him if he dare bring the Editor of "the Swan River Guardian" before a Jury of Free British Col- onists and he will "a tale unfold" which mo- tives of prudence deter him from publishing in the columns of this Newspaper at present ; but in that event, if imprisonment should be our lot (and we expect no mercy from the authorities ;) we shall enter the dungeon, with the proud satisfaction that "the good fight has been fought" for the people, and we knew that even there, we shall not be unsupported, nor shall our voice be silenced. SOUTHERN AUSTRALIA— Pamphlets have been published in London for some time past, dinners given, speeches made, wines drank and bands of music have played in honor of this Southern "Hesperia" and last tho' not least the "South Australian Gazette and Co- lonial Register" Printed in London is ushered forth to the world. We should not have quar- relled with the bantling of a few chimerical politicians if the promoters of this Castle in the air had left us alone, but as the most glaring falsehoods are published by the Company re- specting Swan River , we deem it our duty as the Guardian of this much neglected Colony to notice them, contemptible as they are. In the first place the position of Kangaroo Island the present Harbour of the New Colony situated at a distance of three leagues from the main land, is praised in reference to its vicinity to India and the adjacent Islands ; but unless Mr Hesketh their highly respectable agent with his knowledge engineering, which he attained to such perfection in the Greek service can with an enchanter's wand wind round this vast Island and place the site of the New Colony of South Australia in latitude 32° South and Lon- gitude 115° east where we now are, in the en- joyment of every necessary of life with most of its luxuries, it is rather a paradox to assert that the new Colony is better situated than Swan River. The following facts speak for themselves. South Australia is 1000 mile fur- ther from England, 1000 miles further from the Cape of Good Hope. Timor 1200. Java 1200 Isle of France 1200. Madras 1300 Ceylon 1300 and so on, in proportion, with reference to the innumerable Islands that stud the great Indian Ocean. A ship from Swan River can sail to any part of that Ocean with a flowing sheet ; whereas ships from the new Colony will have to double the formidable Cape Leuwin, a matter at times of some LITTLE difficulty. Our Harbour of Cockbum Sound is as secure if not better than that of Port Lin- coln, and will one day send forth the free and hardy sons of Western Australia in their OWN SHIPPING to form a lucrative trade with the Islands situated in that great Ocean, which wash- es the Western Shores of New Holland. The next thing we have to complain of is, that the Southern Australian Company pronounce this Colony to be a total failure. We treat the vile falsehood with the contempt which it deserves, and presume that it is some of Mr Robert Gouger's nonsense. It is stated that we cannot support ourselves. If such IS THE CASE we want no assistance from South Australia, but will be immediately enabled to return the compliment by supplying them with Swan Ri- ver flour at perhaps a cheaper rate than their Convict Neigh- bours. We are glad of the vi- cinity of this new Colony to Van Diemen's Land and New South Wales. If the Settlers push in- to the interior they will form a CORDON SANITAIRE between Swan River and our neighbours on the Eastern side, with whom we have not the least desire to come in contact ; and thus this boasted South Australian Col- ony will have the benefit of the polished society of Sydney, if transportation from English Jails may be called polish ; per- haps that is too elegant a term and we shall' therefore call it WHITEWASH. It is stated in this "South Australian Gazette" that Mr Peel has nearly died of star- vation. We saw Mr Peel the other day and were convinced that it was not his GHOST, from the lusty and stout appearance of that gentleman, who has not lost in person at any rale, since he arrived here, but on the con- trary there appears to be a toler- able encrease in that respect. The trumped up Gazette farther states that "at Swan River there were no Police regulations, no laws by which order could be maintained, and legal obligations enforced" In the elegant phrase- ology of the late William Cob- bet we pronounce this to be a lie, and there we leave the wretched scribbler without far- ther comment, so far as that part of his romance goes. We are astonished that John Bull gull as he is, can swallow the trash which is crammed down his throat by the South Australian Company. We can assure these gentry that if they get hold of the enchanted carpet, as told in the Arabian Nights Entertainments and fly in an aerial body to Swan River we can entertain them (if they are gluttons) with our Co- lonial fresh Beef, Mutton, Pork, and our Colonial bred Poultry consisting of Fowls, Ducks, Tur- keys. Geese, &c.; Aye ! and Turtle soup to boot, that might shame Gunter's ; and as for Ve- getables, they can have every variety which is grown under the canopy of Heaven. For their desert we can cover the table with Apricots, Peaches, Plums, Figs, Apples, Pears, Bananas, Grapes, Olives, et hoc genus om- ne ; washed down with London particular, Madeira and good Port. They can likewise have our Colonial Beer and Colonial Wine to digest their dinner, should bile not rise against it If they get into debt there are Laws and Lawyers to make them pay. We tell this Compa- ny of speculators that Swan Ri- ver from its more immediate vicinity to India, and delightful climate will be the favorite re- sort of officers in the service of the East India Company who are now allowed the same pri- vileges, by His Most Gracious Majesty, in the occupation of Land, that are granted to of- ficers of the British Army. For the present we leave this Company, and beg they will in future adopt the motto of "Peace and charity" so far as regards Swan River. The other Colo- nies can take up the cudgels for themselves. We wish the Com- pany joy of their land the min- imum price of which they have in the plenitude of their wisdom fixed at 12 shillings per acre. Here, the richest land in the world can be obtained at the minimum Government price of 5s. and we have known £1 10s. per acre given for land on the banks of the Swan, purchased by private contract. 