Swan River* A NEW RIVER DISCOVERED BY THE HON. G. F. MOORE, ESQ, ON A RECENT EXCURSION TO THE NORTfWOOD. * .* * We were unwilling to rest so soon, but a guide, who had accom panied us, said there was no water further on ; in which (as we afterwards found) he was not speaking, the truth; but this ap peared a favorite place with the natives, as there was plenty of " Yandyait"--that broad flag or sedge, the roasted root of which they eat with avidity. To prevent the necessity of mentioning the particular description of the character of this valley, which I marked in my Journal, I may say at once that it greatly resembles the place i called Ebenezer Flats, on the York road the soil on the bills a stiff red loam, soften I ing in quality, and darkening inl color as it descends. The trees.are (in order as you Sdescend from the high grounds) Wando I (white gum with a rusty tinge), Kardan (red gum), 1Mangart .(raspberry-jamn), Toart (the York gum), casuarina, wattle; ~i-id ???iub-iji~;-- Tihe stone consists of fragments of quartz and felspar. At the place where we stodiped-tiHre wa?-a long succession of deep podls in the course of the water bed, as if the river was beginning to scoop out a decided channel for itself, but had dug deep only where the ground was soft, leaving the rest to:be hollowed out on future occasions; the pools were jperhaps twenty feet deep from the level of the ground, with sides so shelving, that it was scarcely possible to. stand upon them. Bringing my fishing tackle into requisition, the bait was scarcely in the water when it was seized, and up came a fine cobbler of.yearly two pounds-the first perhaps that ever was drawn.out of that pool since its creation. The native call this fish, in-the fresh water, Moyoart, and its relative, in the salt water, Garall er. Sailbrs-call them ' cobblers,' and in myz hurry to recover the hook from the fish, 1 fancied I learned the reason of the name, by getting a deep: probe in the finger from an awl-shaped sort of spike, which he seemed to wield at each of his fins. WVarned by thenantives that the sting was poisonous and wouldcauseinflammation up the arm, I sucked my finger and drew blood copiously from it, and, perhaps, to this precaution owe the comparative impunity of a mere temporary pain. Between five and six dozen fish were pulled out of these pools during that evening, and the next morning, an abundance, which enabled me to gratify the natives, without much inconvenience tb myself. They had never got any here before, for though they have a very inge nious mode of clearing the shallow pools of fish, these holes were too deep for their operations. At one end of the shallow pools they introduce a quantity of brush wood and bushes, which they push before them, and so sweep out all the fish at the other end. At night I renewed my inquiries about a river among some natives of this quarter, who had arrived in the evening, and now, for the first time, heard the mention of water at a place called " Jaydeep," a day's journey to the north, without any inter vening halting place of grass or water. It seemed to be rather out of their usual ' beat,' and a discussion sprung up among themselves as to its locality. As length Needyall silenced them, with an air of one who would say, " I'll tell you all about it" -and, in a rapid and hurried manner, he seemed to give an itinerary of nameslof men and hills, and waters and grounds, so complete, that they all assented with a kiah ! kiah ! and then turned to me with an air of the greatest complacency, as if I must now be informed to my complete satisfaction. Must I acknowledge that I was not much the wiser, but I had sta tioned Weenat beside me, with a caution to attend and understand it. Needyall's utterance was so rapid.J_i pronunciation so thick, and his gesture so energetic, that I was rather amused at his manner, than interested in the matter of hid story. One part of his description seemed to have particular reference to the'immediate nuh. appeared so questionable and so ludicrous, from his animated manner of ' suiting the action to the word', that I was constrained to indulge in a laugh, which seemed to offend him. I hastened to make amends. I His words were these, as well as I could catch them :-' Needya Beloo colo cole, boorda bokal derbacolo, boorda yerapp, Garbanup, Gabby wotan wato' _;as if_he_ had said ' there the river runs,-runs--till-it - runs head foremost under a hill; by and bye it rises again and goes past Garbanup out to the sea.' Now it would - be too much to say that I saw the river perform this marvellous feat, but-I-willteltclin- due time what I did see, and leave it to the reader to say, whether poor Needyall's ani mated description was, not true in fact, though figurative in expression. It was a great point gained, to find that the river I was going to, fell into the sea near Gar banup, and with this informationwe retired to rest. As we were about to compose ourselves to sleep, Weenat started up with an exclamation-Waow ! Allenait ? Ho ! Whatis there? No answer. After trying again, with as little "success, suddenly changing histone,_he called out, *' Well,. Sir, you come here, me gun choot him kill him dead. But this English producing no more effect than his mother tongue, he declared it to be either a Bolia or a Cheir gah-a wizard or a ghost. "(To be continued in our next.) 