THE PETITIONS. ( Continued from our number of Monday last.J The writer in the Australian, while he says that he agrees generally in the complaint of the petitions respecting the appropriation of the emigration fund, also states that " It must be allowed that as much has been voted in the estimates of last year as ein be for the present conveniently app'ied to emigiation, and that there is an immense and accumulating surplus available (and declared hy the Governor's minute to be so) whenever the cxigene» shall demand." Now, we deny that as much has been voted as can he " contenicntl) applied;" and although assertion is not argument, still, until something stronger is offeied by this writer, we shall content ourselves with the same. We admit thut amply sufficient sums have hitherto been appropriated by the British Government towards the importa- tion of emigrants to still further increase the stock of vice in this most vicious community ; hut where are the shepherds and agr cultural labourers, thousands of whom could be distributed, and find employment to-morrow-who would drive the convict labour out of the colony alto gcthei ? Iftheicwere nothing else in the con duet of the present government of which the emigrant colonists justly complain, heic is ample ground for censure. No doubt it would no1 be convenient to bring this description of labour into the colony, for it would then soon cease to he a mero receptacle for thieves-and then, good bye to the gang of unprincipled convict-tainted Botany Bay Whigs who live hy the soothing "system." The plea 06 inconvenient!, therefore, is a misera- ble trick-quite a la Sligo-and will deceive none who are not willing to he deceived. We shall not attempt to follow this writer step by-step through the «hole of his long-winded article, the greater part of which has nothing whatever to do with the real questions which our petitions embrace. The production is, through- out, a sophistical effort to support principles which the wi ¡ter has a deep interest in support- ing, hut which will not bear the test of cool and disinterested examination. What, for example, we would ask, can be a greater instance of the sophistry of this writer, thin his attempt to argue that because emigrant colonists trade willi eman- cipated convicts, and meet them upon matters of business at banks, charitable societies, &o; , ergo, they should have no objection to transported persons becoming legislators and jurors! Now we, on the contrary, are of opinion that the emancipated convicts ought to be perfectly con- tent with the equality of right which they possess as hankers, merchants, and traders, leaving the offices of legislating and administering the laws in the hands of those who could exercise those functions in a somewhat more seemly manner, to say the least. We have no wish to appear un- charitable without a cause ; but when such argu- ments are made use of, and by such advocates, it becomes a duty to pursue them wheresoever they would lead. The fault is not in us, but in the injudicious advocate who sets up such a line of defence for his clients In commercial inter- course-in the ordinary civilities of life-the emigrant colonists never asserted any su* perior over others. But when a great moral principle is involved-when all distinction between right and wrong is sought to be con- founded, and such a monstrous state of things is openly advocated-they would prove false to themselves, false to their children, false to moral propriety, if they did not deprecate at any risk the inculcation of such pernicious doctrines doctrines, too, the more pernicious considering the source whence they emanate. We are told, also, that " no good end is an- swered by declaiming about the evils of colonial society," becau«e they "are the produce of the soil, and known to be so by those who take up their abode upon it." This is argument with a vengeance! Not one respectable emigrant in every hundred knows before he comes here that, though he may be abiut to proceed to a convict colony, he will be liable to convict government that his life and property may lie left to the mercies of convict juries-and the laws by which he may hereafter he governed (if liberal principles should flourish) be made by convict legislators. But, says this writer, the "evils of colonial society are the produce of the soil " Agreed. It is the object of the supporters of our petitions to inquire in what way those acknowledged " evils " may he best removed, and yet we find men so very base as to oppose all such inquiry ! It is to us sufficiently obvious that the only means whereby these evils may be effectually rooted from the " soil " is by raising the tone of honest feeling, and that this result can never be effectually produced until transportation to this colony shall have ceased altogether But we arc willing to try « hellier a middle course cannot be devised : and for this purpose wo candidly and in the face of the public state what, in our opinion, are the evils ol the present system-pray ing only that his Majesty and Parliament will be pleased to inquire whether our complaints lia well founded, and if so, to adopt such measures as may seem best calculated to bring about a more wholesome state of things. Yet this reason- able request has met with opposition ! We are not sorry, however, that it has ; because the very fact must prove to absolute demonstration that there is a canker in the very heart of society here which mu t be eradicated before the colony will be brought into a healthy state- belore it will be fit for the reception of any other than strictly penal laws. Again ; we are bid to " look at the dangers involved" in a course opposite to that which this writer would pursue; and to "beware of en- countering others far more real and threatening :" to " beware of leaving a large oxcluded degraded class in the heart of the community ; their minds rankling with discontent-their children educated in feelings of disaffection (indeed !), which may, ere long ripen into rebellion." Excellent good ! Most exquisite reasons for bending obstinacy while it yet may be subdued " Why, nye, this looks rebellion ¡" but " Dangen retreat when boldly they're confronted ;" and it is high time that the emigrant colonists begin to look about them. Admitting the pro. priety of government officers writing in news, papers on particular occasions, we would ask whether they are justifiable in thus appealing to the passions of a convict population, and inflaming their minds against their masters? Is this the sort of argument and declamation with which our petitions are to be met ? We may tell this writer, however, that his fears are groundless-that there are, even already, too many emigrant colonists settled in this convict colony, for them to feel the slightest apprehension of the alarming conse- quences so significantly hinted at; they will pre- serve Ote poce, or force an imbecile government to preserve it. " Endanger the peace of the Colony," indeed ! Yes, a Whig ruler by his bad measures may-and, if not removed, will-en danger the peace of this Colony ; hut this writer may rest assured, that no other danger need bo apprehended. Are His M ijesty's free and un- tainted subjects to be thus threatened by a convict faction and their supporters? Are they to be com- pelled to herd with, and be domineered over hy a gang of transported felons ? Are all the insti- tutions of a moral government to be sacrificed to please these men, and the despicable ruling Whig faction, vho thus dare to threaten the emigrant colonist«! with the vengeance of a band of cut- throats? " Endanger the peace of the Colony," forsooth ! If the present Botany Buy Whig go- vernment and its minions cannot preserve the peace, having at the same time an additional regiment of soldieis above that which Geneial Darling could command, let them he removed at once. The King's emigrant subjects and their children-the well-disposed of all classes of colonists-will keep the peace. We call upon them to organize themselves into a body for the preservation of the peace ; it is a legitimate object -as legitimate as the right of petition-and its exercise is doubly called for when they are told of " threatening dangers" by a Government Officer. As threats have thus become the order of the day, let us, at least, be prepared for their execu- tion. With respect to that portion of the Petitions which alludes to the union of the legislative and judicial functions in the Chief Justice of this Co- lony, the writer refers us to the fact of certain Judges having seats in the House of Peers. When, however, any analogy can bo shown be- tween that branch of the British legislature and the Legislative Council of this Colony, we shall admit the force of the argument, but not before. Tue House of Lords, as a body, are controlled by the House of Commons As legislators, they possess no power exclusive of the consent of the representatives of the people-indeed, there are certain measures which they cannot even origi- nate-and they are, besides, removed by their rank and independence ia the State from all pre- sumption of exterior influence. The law lords, as they arc designated, do not sit in the House as appointees of the Crown-they do not sit as Judges, to " conduct the legislation of the King- dom," but as Peers of the Realm ; possessing no greater influence than any other peers, save that which m.iy be derived from the general admission of superior taet and talent in matters which their professional education have made familiar to them. Ia the House, they have no higher judicial au- thority than any other Peers. Lords Winchelsea, Londonderry, and Kenyon, have as much right to decide in a case of appeal, as Lords Brougham, Denman, and Abinger. Then we may be told that there arc also Judges of minor Courts in the House of Commons (our Contemporary sees that we can afford him an argument) ; but we reply that they are theie by the election of the People, seeing tint any appointment under the Crown, immediately excludes the appointee from Parlia- ment, unless his constituents should, with the full knowledge of the fact, choose to re-elect him It is obvious, therefore, that to compare this state of things willi the union of the legislative and judicial functions ¡n this Colony, in the person of an irresponsible officer of the Crown, is a per- fect absurdity ; and the more absurd too, when it is known that all public measures must be initi- ated by the Government, through the Governor ; and that the Public are not only unrepresented in the Council, but actuallv excluded from being present at its debates. " We should like to know," says our Contemporary, '. how the .legislation of this Colony could have been conducted at all without tbt introduction ofthat functionary (Chief Justice Forbes) into the Council ?" We should "like to know" whether any stronger reason could be adduced in favour of a total change of system, than the fact thus publicly avowed, that the legis- lature of this Colony is virtually comprised in the person of ONE individual,, and that one an Officer of the Crown, who thus make« laws and administers them after; silencing, as we have so frequently heard him, the other Judges, in a case of doubt, willi the conclusive, unanswerable words-" I happen to know, &c; " If this he not an unuricedentcd and dangerous combination of the legislative and judicial functions, we know not what is j " That the Legislative Council, as at present constituted, is inadequate to the exigencies of the Colony, and has no hold upon the public confi- dence ; as well from the number of its members being too limited, and the majority of these members consisting of civil officers of the Colo- nial Government, as from its debates not being open to the public ; and the right to originate measures being confined to the Governor, as Pre- sident of the Council-a circumstance in itself sufficient, as your Petitioners humbly conceive, materially to «fleet that free expression of opinion, which is so essential to a legislative body." We are told, in reference to the foregoing pas- sage, that the fact stated is true, but that the reason given is false. Upon this we may merely remark, that the pretence of Government Officers in the Council is not any part of the reason, as the writer disingenuously infers, but the majtrity of Government Officers who out-vote by command the independent members upon matters of deep public interest. What we require,is something like a balance to this weight of Government influence, which leaves the Colonists no voice in such ques- tions, for instance, as whether their lives and properties are to be confided to the guardianship of Convict Juries-something, in fact, like a voice in legislating, without which (to borrow a phrase from tile Patriot Wentworth) the Legisla- tive Council is all humbug. And then, with respect to the apprehension thal a right to originate mea- sures existing anywhere but in the Governor would inconvenience the Executive Administra- tion, "without any corresponding advantage," that is one of the matters upon which the framers of our Petitions rely as calling for enquiry, and which have only been met, as we rcm irked be- fore, by mere assertion. We do not find " private measures taking place of public ones" in the Par- liament of England ; and ive have yet to learn how that must necessarily be the case in a pro- perly constituted Legislative Council of New South Wales. But really, the flippant tone which this writer adopts when discussing subjects of such deep import as these Petitions embrace, is not unfrequently bordering on the offensive. Thus we ore told, that the doubts expressed by the framers of the Petitions respecting so im- portant a subject as the validity of titles to landed property, is " an absurd blunder, which shows how superficially the originators of the Petitions have considered the important matter» upon which they presume (') to address the legislature and the throne j" but, adds this flippant writer, " the whole question is a mere bugbear, and it is a ghost easily laid." Then why, Mr. Lawyer, was it not " laid" long ago by you and the other legal exorcists of the Government ? You asked not very long since, " how the legislation of the Colony was to be carried on without the assistance of the Chief Justice?" andyelyou have no other means of meeting so serious a complaint nn that up to this day a doubt exists as to the validity of titles to landed property in the Colony, than by stating that the complaint is " a ghost easily laid," and that measures to " lay" the ghost " are un- derstood to be on the point of completion." But, if the ghost should be " laid," it will be by the framers of our Petitions; for had not these docu- ments appeared, we are quite satisfied that we should have heard nothing of the contemplated " measures" to set at rest one of the most deeply important questions which could arise in any community. " Time was, that when the brains were out the man would die ¡" but really we feel somewhat doubtful whether it is so any longer, having read the articles in the Australian I " That doubts are also entertained, whether the marriage laws, or what portion of them ex- tend to this Colony-a subject regarding which your petitioners feel deep anxiety, inasmuch, as it seriously affects the rights of inheritance and the interests of their children." All men are not such profound lawyers a« the writer in the Australian ¡ and a doubt having been expressed in the forty-ninth year of the Colony, respecting the applicability of the Mar- riage Law, that the respectable Colonists should feel some alarm on the subject, appears perfectly natural to us, however odd it may be to our oppo- nents. Even now one of the Judges holds that that law does apply to the Colony ; and so long, therefore, as the shadow of a doubt exists upon the subject, are nut the respectable Colonists deeply interested in having the question set at rest for ever, upon the highest authority. The petitions which embrace ibis important topic were framed and published long before the Su- preme Court pronounced any opinion upon the state of the law as afflicting it j but even now seeing that the Bench are divided in opinion, ought not the petitioners still pray to have all doubts fully removed by the supreme ^ power ? The framers of the petitions then go on to pray that His Majesty and Parliament will take into consideration the following subjects namely, ' " The efficiency of transportation to New South Wales as a secondary punishment-who. ther it shall be continued, nnd under what_alter- ations of the present system-or, if discontinued, in »hat manner it may be made gradually to cease, so as to pioduce the greatest degice of good to the parent country, willi the lea->t detri. ment to the Colony, the interests of which might sustain much ¡njuiy from too sudden a change. '« The capabilities of the Colony as a free settle- ment, und the most efficient means of developing its resources, and elevating the dm »«j,r nf ;,, inhabitants hy the encouragement ol' eini«ra-i à and hy the adoption of some well devised schem» of religious and moral instruction " How far it may be wise and expedient to " tend the Legislative Council of tin.. Colony, ,."1 effect such changes in its constitution as to rendir it efficient for all present purposes, and a sita towards the attainment of a representative hmL lature " " Whether, under the peculiar circumstance, of this Colony, a conditional paidon, or the com pletion of the term of transportation, ¡si0u»" held equivalent to the King's pardon, in remo, ¡ni legal disabilities, and what should he the nua lificaions respectively for grand and potu jururi" " The settlement to titles of landed iirupcrtv ncquircd from the Crown, nn 1 of tHl. ],]"";' Laws retrospectively, as well as fur the future and the most certain and vfll-cmal mode of deter' mining what statutes shall nut be in force in this Colony." Now, we ask any man of common seme, ifihertü anything in the above to which he can reasonably object? Is it a subject of nlarm that the British Parliament should he called upon to take into their consideration the cfi¡"¡ ency of transportation to New South Wales as a' secondary punishment? Is it objectionable that the question should be debated by the Horn» Government as to how far it may he " wise and expedient to extend the Legislative Council of this Colony," and toset at r<sl the question 0f the validity of titles to landed proprrtv ecnuired fiom the Crown, and the applicability of il>e Marriage Laws? Are these Die rentiers i,1("' which " enquiry" is opposed ? Are these the " ghosts" which faction has raised, and w|Uca these exorcists can so easily " lav?" Why have they not done so bernie? They cither wanted foresight or they wanted power, and in cither eise, the ititellis-eiit Colonist, have been imperatively called upon to take the matter into their own hands. ]n short, the whole article is a specimen of the most approved twaddle of Convictism ; and, as the writer is one ' evidently acting by authority, it 'merely tends t» ' shew the British people and tHie British ministry that, if their transported felons can find such advocates, it is absolutely necessary, not alone far inquiry into the system, but for' the imundiate removal of certain members of the present govern, ment. The British government and British people must be made to understand that all this political philosophy is enlisted on the side, and in behalf, of the desperate cut-throats and abandoned thieves whom they periodically transport to these shores in the vain supposition that they are effectually restrained by an efficient system of penal discipline. Yes, the poor but honest English labourer ought to be made fully to ' understand that he contributes from the "sweat of his brow" to send out thieves of all grades rom the highwayman to the lowest "petty larceny rogue"-that they may be elevated to the dignity of legislators and jurors in Botany Bay; and with the assistance of a Whig Governor, supported by the eloquent and philosophical news paper lucubrations of one of the TAIL do all that in them lies to confound right and wrong, and to uphold principles destructive of morals upon that most corrupt, though specious, of all pleas expediency ! Passing over some declamation, which has no connection whatever with the subjects under dil. cussion, we come to the following must uneiam pled piece of impudent assertion : " If we lock to the ground tv Ii ich the t»o parties occupy, we must at once confess tiiat of the advocates rf free institutions lo be Iht moil compianding. They must be dislodged from lliit eminence before they can be fairly defeat»!. Every presumption is with I hem, and theos« probandi is with their opponents " Why, " Méndez Pinto was hut a type of thee, thou liar of the first magnitude1 " What! the onus probandi thrown upon respectable emigra« colonists, to shew that transported thieve« ought not to be legislators and jurors! Ii seems, also, that these respectable parties must be "dislodged" from their commanding .' eminence " before tjier can be fairly defeated ! Be it so : we hope lu " dislodge" them and some others before ire hue done willi them-or, if we should not, ii will Iii no fault of ours. The present is » crisis fraught with infinite g'od or evil to New South Wales, The objects of hope or fear are indeed «idely dil. similar. The lending hope of the o«fj»itjiitb» moral and political iuhanccment of the Colon;; i that of the other, to bring about a permanent slate of things which would tend (o destroy ill distinction between right and wrung, «nil to keep this colony in that degraded position which it nov occupies in the estimation of every civiliteil nation of the tarin to which it is known. Fur tin framers of the petitions we can truly say, (hit they have not been influenced by " vague sur- mise," by " doubtful, however honest apprthtii. sioos ;" by " pride of rank or class, even tliougb connected with the honourable distinction of an untainted reputation." Theare firmly impressed with the belief that " Englishmen are entillid li exercise Engli'h rights and live under thejhadx of Engliih Institutions¡" but. they cannot, for the life of them, see how they can enjoy lliose rights while they aro, as at present, liable to be tried hy convict juries, and apprehend the possibility ci being governed by convict legislators. Least of nil can ' their apprehension« be looked upon al groundless, when they si'C the stand made in support of convict principles by the ver) ela« of persons who, at present, possess peculiar power and influence, and naturally desire lo perpetua« it Bul whatever may he t lie fute of what « look upon as our just clnims ibu writer in the Australian m.iy rest assured that we desire no such " Council of Regency" «s our colonial »iilliorities hnve power lo nominate. No j ice lia« deter, mined to take the opinion of the Supreme Legit lature, having not the slightest confidence in such measures as are generally adopted by the majority of the Botnby Bay Parliament Holden at Sydney. ' Let the emigrant olonists of New South Wales assert their right to be free from convict struy, in spite of all the sophistry of a Private Secretary even though he weie the Private Secretary of Governor Bourke-lot the people of this colony vindicate their rights by assorting tliem willi equal ability and vigour-not In rabble asscmblifii called here " public meetings"-but calmly, J« firmly, at iho foot of the Throne, and in the Houses of Parliament-and ihey may rest assured of a favourable result. In short, let them pay m attention whatever to the " potatoe sprouts" to recent numbers of tho Au traliau, but pursue Iii) even tenor of their way, avoiding excitement w any shape, and leaving it to their adversaries U argue themselves out of what they call their rights. The Colony must at last, omi ere long, recover from its delusion, "and unite jn a^cne'il isbhorrence of those Who, hy deceiving the credu- lous with fictitious mischiefs. overhcorinR ti« weak hy audacity of falsehood, hy appealing to the judgment of ignorance and flittering iii« vanity of meanness, by slandering honesty »m insulting dignity, have gathered round Ihrm whatever the country can supply of base, and gras!, and profligate; and, raised by merit t»ti"»»" eminence, arrogate to themselvci »he n»m» « Patriot». C. H. J. 