IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT. A POEM IN TEN CANTOS. (Continued from our last) CANTO VI. ARGUMENT. From gaol proceed to describe the gaoler—the Judges and Practitioners of the Supreme Court, the Sheriff and his Officers, in the words of remi- niscences penned at New Zealand two years ago, the accuracy of which critique is confirmed by ex- perience—Review of Sydney Friends, whose friendship is little to the author's mind—As one's attention is naturally directly to the bite of any venomous reptile, the author's is directed to the sublimest of rascals, the Sydney Attornies, a fine subject for declamation—As a good king is over, and beloved by, all his subjects, so is Chief Jus- tice Forbes pre-eminent in New South Wales, well supported by Judge Dowling—With impar- tiality like theirs, the author proceeds to bring each member of the Supreme Court to the bar of jus- tice, public opinion—Judge Burton entitled to one praise only, [viz. Note, that of himself adminis- tering the oath to witnesses with solemnity, to the discouragement of perjury.]—Eulogy on Judges Forbes and Dowling—Asseveration of honesty of purpose in the opinions whether of praise or cen- sure expressed in this review—Lawyers too gene- rally succeed despite of the good intentions of Judges, in perverting the ends of justice, and ex- porting fees from their clients by the quirks and chicanery of law. The generality of the lawyers are wooden-headed and brazen-faced, and like the frog aping the ox, inflated with self-importance; fond of calling each other "learned gentlemen" Dr. W......l, Mr. R......, Mr. W....., Messrs. S.....y and F......s S......n, sons of a late impartial and independent Judge—G.... R.... N......s, jointly with F...... S......n, Edi- tor of the Australian—H...., Editor of the Monitor, his politics condemned—Mr. ......, Mr. R....r T.....y, Mr. W. F....r, Mr. K..r. By a transition natural we pass From gaol to gaoler, as from horse to grass; And from the gaoler, to complete our theme, It to the writer doth expedient seem, E'er he can fully bring the matter through, To draw the Court and Lawyers in review;— The Sheriff, and his Officers, and Clerk, Or Under-Sheriff, worthy of remark! Of these (that is, except the last two named), That we for want of candour be not blamed, We now proceed to copy lines we wrote Two years ago, and which we would not quote, Had not experience confirmed the sketch, We from New Zealand musings, hither fetch; Which penned whilst shipwrecked on a barbarous Isle, Are based in Truth, without the slightest guile. Cloudy Bay, New Zealand, November, 1833. Now for amusement, I will take a view, Of some of those dear friends I left behind; Although amongst them, there are very few, Like you dear WOOLLS, whose friendship's to my mind. My thoughts will naturally first revert. (As one's attention's drawn to what does hurt, How worthless and how vile-soe'er it be— Whether a venomous blood-sucker or flea;) To those base emissaries of the law, Who from the vitals of their clients draw By rank extortion—swindling—double fees; By licensed perjury, and tricks like these, The means of dashing in a coach-and-four, Of keeping one, cheating another w****, And who the more they cheat, seem but to thrive the more! Oh, what a subject this for declamation! For philosophic thoughts, and for deep sallies Of wit or spleen, and Byron's exclamation!— "Oh! those sublimest rascals, the Attornies;" But let it pass—let e'en their reputation Be sacred held from vulgar calumnies: For me, I own, without the least deception, Though most are rogues; there may be an ex- ception. Like those great men and good, who stand alone Above the petty Lawyers—as the throne With a wise, prudent, patriotic King Is over all, to whom all subjects cling;— (And happy is it for a country curst With such Rum-subjects, and of whom the worst The Lawyers are; happy indeed the choice— Happy and worthy of the Monarch's voice, That FORBES deciding with a Statesman's grace In Court and Council holds the foremost place,"+ And that, Oh sacred Justice, in thy Court In DOWLING, thou receivest firm support.) Like such, Impartiality my star, I bring each member singly to "the Bar"— The Bar of Justice: but were I severe, 'Tis not a few would quake with bodily fear; And as it is, some may perhaps feel queer! With due respect, I with the bench begin, And hope none will impute to me as sin, That I have not discovered cause to praise Its junior member* in my humble lays. To make amends, which I am glad to do, (And as most amply may the other two,) My pen spontaneous urges me to write The praises which my tongue will e'er delight To speak of them: and HE who sees my heart, Knows, that I will not—can not e'er depart From sacred truth, nor prostitute my pen, In praise of any but the best of men. But bold in honesty, I neither fear To lash the worthless; and O Reader, hear! My admiration I can scarce confine * November, 1835. In justice to this judge, whom it is true, I do not love; to give the de'il his due, (For I above base prejudice must be Tow'rds one who has shewn * * *; I here admit and candidly avow One merit his, to which not only now But ever, when alas! compelled to blame, This learned judge, in justice to his name, I will with honest praise aloud proclaim— That BURTON gave to perjury a blow, And taught the sacred nature of an oath Within our Courts, by solemnly and slow Himself to witnesses expounding both. \+ Mr. Woolls' Poem on Australia. Witlin the limits of my poor design, Which is no more than candidly to state How worthy of example, and how great The conduct of these Judges; worthy they Of all the deference the people pay To their decisions—Attentive, earnest, grave; Tho' mild impartial, but most pleased to save A wretched culprit's life—to spurn the flaw Which lawyers harp on in a court of law, By which, despite of judges' good intent, (So fully are their minds on plunder bent!) They ever strive—too oft alas! succeed In gulling clients, whom they always bleed As victim's in their fangs. But see they come, And look like culprits by their guilt struck dumb; Though some there are, so lost to shame, alas! Their heads of wool—their faces formed of brass; By habit so o'ergrown with impudence, As to have lost all decency and sense Of their own nothingness; and who like frogs Puffed up with pride and folly in their bogs, The ox would ape, and apish—let it pass, Who's vain and stupid shews himself an ass. Now mark them well; and first observe the wig, And gown of silk, in which each looks so big— I do not mean with child, if this you guess, But self-importance—such their looks express! Whilst smiling courteous, each one stiles the other With self complacency, his "learned brother," Knowing that he (whate'er he may intend,) Him in return will call his "learned friend," Aud that in th' ears, and further, in the eyes Of ign'rant persons, this will stamp him wise. That tall pale man in scarlet robe who's drest, Amongst bad lawyers is about the best, And so should be, for bating any flaws, He is a learned Doctor of the Laws— An L.L.D. who poor in former days, Now sports a chariot drawn by four small greys; For which grand equipage the country pays. By "Country" here however is not meant The public purse, disbursed by Government; But those unhappy clients, whom through law, The learned Doctor has under his paw; Whose gripe is such, he often makes them squeak So loud, you'd think you heard the Doctor speak; He's no physician, but called Dr. Tweak. In social converse with the Doctor, know, The portly lawyer whom you see is R.... If by the body, one could know the mind, A greater contrast you could hardly find; For here, as if for contrast sake, are placed Together, and each one by t'other graced;— A Falstaff one, red cheeks puffed out with breath; A ghost the other, and as "pale as death;" An emblem good, of Pharaoh's sad lean kine, Which looked the worse for swallowing of nine; Whilst he so big and pompous, with arch shake Of head, and winking eye; would gladly take In fees for services, but just the tithe Of him who looks like Time without his scythe. Behind these two, the Barrister you see Blushing black-red is greatest of the three, In wealth at least; and most of his own clan Call him per se, "the iearned Australian— The Lawyer, Poet, and Historian;" And would his partial friends no farther go, Their sense and prudence they would truly shew; But when "THE ORATOR," they further style This "CURRENCY," it must create a smile In all who hear him, and have heard at home A plain, good speaker, who would scorn to foam At mouth like him, as either drunk or mad With rage, to see which all his foes are glad. A patriot too, he claims himself to be, And would be paid for proving that he's free. He vows that he, in Parliament nor fear Would know, nor favor, to be paid each year, One thousand pounds, from all deductions clear. The next who enter arm-in-arm are brothers; They better are, as handsomer than others; Of these alone without deceit I can, Style each a lawyer and a gentleman. Like all mankind, they are not wholly free From fault or foible; but in them I see Two worthy scions of "a judge whose heart "On Sydney shores has played the noblest part; "One who stood forward on a former day, "And the dense court enraptured heard him say "Whilst I sit here, the poor man and the great, "Alike shall feel the law's impartial weight? "These were his words which hallowed on the spot "In freedom's cause, shall never be forgot:" * Whilst they praise-worthy emulate their sire, To civic honors they may well aspire. Yon "CORNSTALK," also is considered clever; He, and F------- S------- lay their heads together; And once a week,— though twice they call their plan,— Illume Australia, with the "AUSTRALIAN." Which aided by their talents could not fall, If they but shunned the politics of H.... Who twice-a week disseminates his trash Amongst such blockheads, as will let their cash From them be taken at the Sydney Court, As he proclaims, and seems to think it sport To tell his customers—(such as can read,) That to be paid in Sydney, is his creed, Whether by free men, prisoners, or freed. 'Tis true, that those whose taste is so refined As to support the Monitor; so blind As to approve the personal abuse Heaped on his betters, are without excuse; And as accessories they well deserve To smart, who from their duty so far swerve As loyal subjects, as to lend their aid To dangerous doctrines, which may well be said To savour of disloyalty, and vent Aspersions, on Church, Laws, and Government. But to return from a digression, which But too much honors with a castigation; One who deserves, but only on his breech, A few cool dozens, as a flagellation, With such a scourge as he prescribes his friends; Which well administered, might make him sen- sible Of his deserts, who is indeed contemptible, And for his impudence make some amends. Of all dull writers, ignorant and vulgar, This, self-ironically's styled "THE MONITOR." Well, to proceed with the review before us, The gent, you see, Jew phiz but more like thief; The little gent, who makes so great a fuss, And wears th' assurance of the greatest chief; With ragged gown, and credit still more tattered; With filth of grossest vices he's bespattered. Such characters as this, 'tis wise to shun; Who's in his gripe, most surely is undone! Oh! that I had the power to impart To every noble and ingenuous heart, Before they speak, or hazard e'en their looks At an Attorney, or upon his books Their names permit; all knaves they'd spurn be- neath, Their honest feet, but chiefly him named *****; Whose baseness and whose character alone, If to the public they were fully known, Would cause his happy clients all to say, "This is a lawyer worthy of Bot'ny Bay! Last, but not least in merit, now appear, Three several Barristers of judgment clear;— Three before whom none other I prefer, The learned CHAIRMAN and COMMISSIONER, And their respectable compeer named KERR, [End of New Zealand reminiscences.] * Woolls' Australia. (To be continued.) ED. 