ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Cheap Whisky. — Death and Co., whole sale and retail dealers in spirits, take this opportunity to inform their friends and a discerning public, that they continue the trade of making drunkards, beggars, and vagabonds, on the most reasonable terms, and at the shortest notice. Young women are respectfully informed, that the ruin of their sex is also most effectually carried on in their shops, where they may be found at all hours, (Sunday not excepted.) Death and Co.urge upon female servants to become well acquainted with the newly invented plan of drinking cheap whisky behind the tea-chest screen, in grocers' shops, as they find it a short and easy method to make them liars and thieves ; besides it soon re moves the false shame which keeps several from at first enjoying themselves comfort ably in a public tap-room; and all mistresses of families, are solicited to encourage this useful habit, by giving their servants whisky on washing-days, and similar oc casions of extra labour. The advertisers beg. further to assure the public, that no men sell better poison, break more hearts, or beggar more families than they do ; and in order to do business in a genteel way, they have license from the government, (under whose benevolent auspices the price of whisky lias been lately reduced), so that they have increased facilities to maim, beg gar, and kill as many as the public good requires. I n particular, they will spare no pains to secure the eternal damnation of their friends. To accomplish these desira ble objects, Death and Co. are anxious to see the Dublin tradesmen at all times, particularly on a Saturday evening after they receive their wages ; and they assure these poor fellows, that they shall have a warm reception and a hearty wel come so long as their money lasts. — N. B. Satisfactory references can be given to the mendicity institution, the lunatic asylums, the houses of correction, the penitentiaries, the hospitals, the goals, or the gallows. The public are, therefore, requested to take no tice, that there are, within the excise dis trict of Dublin, sixteen hundred houses licensed to sell whisk7, by virtue of which the enormous sum of ten hundred thousand pounds is yearly spent upon whisky alone within this district, and no less a sum than seven millions sterling was expended on whisky in Ireland in 1833, a sum exceeding the amount of the poor-rates in England for that year, From whose pockets are these millions annually drained ? Chiefly from those of the working classes. . If you doubt this, ask the mechanic's wretched wife, or his starving children, the cause of their distress ; or enter our gaols, and' ask the debtor or the criminal the cause of his disgrace or punishment, and in nine cases out of ten they will point to the public house and whisky as the bitter source of their sorrow, want, or infamy. Moreover, let all householders, and especially those in the middle class, fully calculate how much ' 3 " . they pay during the year for whisky, and they will be astonished at the sum to which this self-imposed taxation amounts. Rea der! whatever be your rank or station, you can help to check this horrible evil, if you will. -By your example and your in fluence, banish whisky altogether from your table; one drop of it Is not necessary for any man. Make the trial, and you will find this is true. Jf the respectable por tion of society, and those who are now moderate drinkers, would act on the prin ciple, both for their own and their neigh bours' good, distilleries and whisky-shops would soon be turned into places of useful business, and the fruits of the earth would then be used for man's support, and not for his destruction. Oneway of Reforming a Dissipated Husband. — A few years ago, a female, who resides in a town in Ayrshire, had the misfortune to he married to a sottish hus band. Every night, his professional la bours over, lie repaired to a certain tavern where he met a set of companions drouthy as himself, and devoted the whole evening to drinking, and singing such outrageous catches as the following : — " And had the-Flood been liquor good, And Noah's sons such lads as I, They'd drink the Deluge where it stood, And left the Ark of Noah dry." His wife saw the brink on which he was standing, and, prompted by parental and connubial affection, was unceasing in her efforts to wean him from the tavern, and reconcile him to the comforts of his own quiet domicile. But her labour of love was entirely thrown away ; in place of becoming better he grew gradually worse ; seldom went to bed before one or two in the morning, rose late, neglected his busi ness, and, in short, was in the liigh road to ruin. His temper, foo, became frightfully7 irascible, and, in place of soothing his broken-hearted wife, he found fault with every thing, and rarely approached her but with abuse on his lips and a frown on his brow. The poor woman's looks, to those who could read them, told a very dismal tale ; and, in her despair, she hit on the following expedient, which, we un derstand, has been attended with the happiest effects : — One night, after dark, she repaired to the tavern her husband frequented, persuaded a knot of tradesmen to accompany her, ordered in a huge bowl of toddy, compounding the materials secundum artem , sent the glasses round, got one man to sing, a second to laugh, and a third to joke ; and, in short, acted £lier part so well, that she looked the very pic ture of a female toper. When the charm was thus far wound, she went for her hus band, and invited him to take a seat and taste her toddy. At first the man stared as if he had seen a ghost ; and it was ob served, that his colour went and came when he heard his spouse declare, that, judging from the example of some of her friends, she had come to a conclusion, that a tavern must be the happiest place in the world, and was determined for the future to share its pleasures. ' Frequently she stirred the bowl and replenished the glasses, and, when the vessel became dry, rang the hell, commissioned materials for a new brewst. But here the husband, who had been silently forecasting the shape of future events, remonstrated so earnestly that the lady consented to abridge her revels and accompany him home. By the way they conversed long and seriously ; certain promises were voluntarily made — promises which have been kept to the very letter — and the result of the wife's stra tagem is, that her husband has become one of the soberest men in the parish, and is indebted less to a temperate than an intemperate society. — The Laird of Logan . Important to Smokers. — Two philan thropists of the town of Bar had just made au important discovery, copied into the Journal de la Meuse ; they have, with the greatest success, employed the skin of the potato in place of tobacco; and further assure us that even competent judges in the art of 4t puffing a cloud/' as well as amateurs who advocate the use of a pipe, have one and all been deceived by it. Statistics of Insanity. — The number of female lunatics is about one-third more than that of males. The month of July is the period of most frequent attack for the females, while it is the third only in the scale as applicable to man." There is about a fourth more bachelors than married men insane. Males are chiefly attacked be tween thirty and thirty-nine, omen be tween forty and forty-nine. Melancholy predominates among women — a tendency towards suicide among" men. — Quetelet . Horse-stealing. — A rough-looking na- .tive of Erin was lately placed at the bar of the Police Court, before Alderman Hors- fall, charged by watchman 126 on suspi cion of having stolen a pony. The watch man stated, that at an "early hour on that morning he had met the prisoner riding a pony, and conceiving, from his appear ance, that he was not likely to be honestly in possession of such an animal, he stopped him and asked him where he had got it. He replied that he had brought it from Tullamore, in Ireland, and that he wished to sell it. The watchman was still unsa tisfied, and the subsequent answers of the prisoner tended to increase this dissatisfac tion— upon which he took him up 44 on suspicion," and lodged him in Bridewell. The prisoner made a defence not unlike that of Moliere's Seapin : — 44 Listen, yer hanar ! I wasjnst walking along the road — ma' be I might have had a little dlirop of dhriuk, but it was'nt much anyhow. Well, sir, I overtakes this pony, meeting mo right across the road ; so not thinking a ha'porth of harm, I jist mounts his back, and lie ov course sets off. Well, I couldn't get down till lie stapped, and lie niver stapped till the watchman stapped him, and thin sure I got down ; but as for Sta lin' — ocli ! is it I that would do such a i. thing?" The Magistrate could not- an swer this latter query. person at this juncture stepped forward, and said that the pony belonged to Mr. Muspratt — that it had been at grass all the summer, and must have been taken from the field during the preceding night by the prisoner. The following day the prisoner was again brought up before Alderman Case, when the evidence was recapitulated. It, how ever, then turned out that the pony did .not belong to Mr. Mnspratt, but to a person 'who appeared in Court, and who stated that it had been at grass in the en closed field in which the garrison stands, and that the gate was locked in the even ing preceding the stoppage of the prisoner and the pony by the watchman. Alder man Case ordered the prisoner to be dis charged, but we could not learn whether it was because he deemed the evidence insuf ficient, or that he took some different view of it. — Liverpool Paper. Vague Generalities. — Vague gei Vit alities comprehend a numerous class 'of facilities resorted to by those who, in pre ference to the determinate expression which they might use, adopt other more vague an i indeterminate. Take, for in stance, the terms Government Laws, Morals, Religion. Every body will admit that there are in the world bad govern ments, bad laws, bad morals, and religions. The hare circumstance, therefore, of being engaged in exposing the defects of govern ment, law, morals, and religion," does not itself afford the slightest presumption that a writer is engaged in anything blameable. If his attack is only directed against that which is bad in each, his efforts may be pro ductive of good to any extent. This essential distinction, however, the defender of abuses uniformly takes care to keep out of sight ; and boldly imputes to his antagonists an intention to subvert all go vernment, law, morals , and religion. Pro pose any thing with a view to the im provement ofthe existing practice, in relation to law, gevernment and religion, he will treat you with an oration upon the necessity and utility of law, government and religion. Village Church-goers. — A woman in. humble life was asked one day on the way back from church, whether she had under stood the sermon : — 44 Wud I liae the pre sumption ?" washer simple and contented answer. The quality of the discourse signified nothing to her; she had done her duty as well as she could in hearing it ; and she went to her liouse justified rather than some of those who had attended to it critically ; or who had turned to the text in their Bibles, when it was given out. 44 Well, Master Jackson," said his Minister, walking homeward after service, with an industrious labourer, who was a constant attendant ; 44 Well, Master Jackson, Sun day must be a blessed day of rest for you, who work so hard all the week and you make a good use of the day, for you are always to be seen at church !" 44 Aye, Sir," replied Jackson, "it is indeed a blessed day; I work hard enough all the week; and then I comes to church o' Sundays, and sets me down, and lays my legs up, and thinks o' nothing." To love humanity, it is necessary to know how to regard, without offence, its weaknesses and its vices. When we behold it brntalised in ignorance, let us consider how admirable must be that faculty in man, which enables him to ascend beyond that thick and murky v region, and shine forth only the brighter after continued ages' eclipse of the mind; nay often, even in the reign of ignorance itself, displaying sublime social virtues, becoming illustrious by his courage, his compassion, his gratitude and his justice ! Those individuals who never proceed a step in the career of enlightenment, and who never attempt to practise virtue, are individual exemptions, not part and parcel of humanity. If, and in how far, they will staud exonerated in the eyes of God, is known to God alone. Let it. suffice us, that no more will be demanded from each of us than the fair value of the sum en trusted to our care. A Nice Point of Law — Blackstor/, speaking of the right of a wife to dower, asserts that if land abide in the husband for a single moment, the wife shall be en dowed thereof; and he adds, that the doc trine was extended very far by a Jury in Wales, where the father and son were both hanged in one. cart, but the son was sup posed to have survived the father by ap pearing to struggle the longest, whereby he became seized of an estate by survivor ship; in consequence of which seisiure his widow obtained a verdict for her dower. Ancestral Pride.. — In the castles and palaces of the ancient nobility of France, the tapestry frequently presents memorials of the pride of ancestry. On the tapestry of an apartment in the" palace in the Duke of C is a representation of the Deluge, in which a man is seen running after Noah, and calling out ; 44 My good friend, save the archies of the C. family !'' Another piece of tapestry, in the palace of the Duke de L , displays the Virgin Mary, with an ancestor. of the L's standing bareheaded before her: — 44 Dear cousin," says she 44 pray be covered." He replies, 44 Cousin, I would rather remain as I am." 