EXTRACTS. SKETCHES OF SOCIETY. . TUB BROTHERS LAN'BER. Our Griífííeof Dec 20 contained a paragraph, ev.lt acted fruin a Plymouth paper, lelatiieto the memorial about to be elected at Trmo in honour of the Biotheis Richard and John Lander, whose talents, cnteipiise, and inlt-p. pi'lily have refie«;ted so much btiiionr on their nwlivc place, and so chaiacletistically uphold the fame and lepttlatiou of their coiinti v. Since tliPii, we olivet ve, fioin the Cornwall Gazette, lliat the plan for this "Granite Column'' has IWn submitted, and its pieclion agreed upon. A Mr. V. Sambell, jim was HIP successful eau riidate ; anti the site was fixed in a field at the top of Lemon Street. We do not remember the topography of the town to speak of Ibis locale; but sure we are that wherever such ¡i monument is raised it will be an ornament to the spot-a just tribute to lowly mciit, lisint» high as it does from its foundations, and a sti- mulus to all who look upon to emulate the gal- lant exertion«! of those whose names it beats. For the Dead our personal ie cere ; and of the Living it is with a different feeling we avail ourselves of this occasion to afford our friends a living pi oof, not only of vitality, but of right feeling and poetical me>iit. The subjoined is by John Lander : Lines sutrgested nn Revisiting the Bank* of the Fal, near Truro, in the Spring of I83i. Once more t stand hcsiile thee, wandering «ream! Once mure helinlrl Hie sun'sdeparting gleam Salute thv peaceful waters; anil «ince mora Inhale the freshness wufled to thy sli.no! «cars have gone hy since last nu- footsteps strayed Tlie«e «cenes among, and traced their vernal sliailc : But though long ihspnl. Memory'» wizard in, Where'er 1 roamed, reslmed them to my hean. Thesocliartnliig elrns.thosc hills with herbage ciown'd Yon »ar-rcd «pire, and well-known nhjeets round, Distinct and vivid youthful »cones recall, And with a mournful halo circle all. How like a «weet but touching story seems That artless period, cheered wah Hope's young dream Ye phantom shapes that piule in silence hy, Affecting shadows of the past, draw nigh 1 In festal halls ye've mock'd roy pensive sight, And hover'd round mein the »lient night; The pr. sent fades before your m\stic pow'r, While bnrieil «ea«nns crowd into on hour. Whn.e spell conjured ve to these «miling 6hores 0 ever-musing Memory I uns it yours > 1 well remember when o he. «Hess boy 1 nought tlic»e lanes »nd rural walks with joy ; Admired tin» graceful River's ehh and flow. And lingering wondered where its waves could gol With bounding step 1 gained the hill's ascent, To muse in »¡leuce on the Armament, Where orient clouds that met my raptured night Seemed blissful isles in sens of silvery light ; Hock«, mountain», caverns, precipice» bold. Refulgent tower», and temples built with gold ; Ami borne aloft on Fancy's snaring wing« Were gorgeous thrones and palaces of klug», How olt, whilst tracing lins romantic sticain. Has Hojie, the syren, charmed each Idle «Ireani, And wrapt my mind, ero reason's reign b< gail, In «'hat might elevate the finnie maul How olt her Influence in the silent air Has from my bosom banished everj' care 1 The future, graced with her attractive f.rrui. Smiled like the rninbow o'er a passing storm. Her song, inspiring as the sun's sofi ray, My fancy mingled with the throstle'» lay. To wliasi' low echoes, »«veiling o'er the tule. The sniiniliiip surge and rippling waves replied. Entrancing seraph I ranging earth und main, 0 let me hear thy blessed voice again I 1 feel the air diffus! ig fre«hnes« round ; I hear the billows' swcetly-inuimuring sound ; Willi transport lisien, a« in former «lav». To greel the warbling greybird's* evening lays; But thou ait absent, whom no puweisean bind, Capricious wanderer from the tumbled mind 1 "Vet whv Imitent » why-tpierulous complain I T«> mc the sober )ov s «if life remain ; And Hope has left, I will not disavow, A not unpli using melancholy now. Delightful task I when journeying far away Through lands where Hiieui'sioving children strayed. To muse on these dear scene« my clillrlboo«! bless'ti, And dearer friends my early youth earess'd. Mv brother, O my brother 1 dearest friend I Sadly lo Dice my wandering llinnghts ascendí Win II distant far, with heal and siifl'riug spent. Trembling and faint, we sat beside our lent, Did not remembrance of jon lovely vale Bear ull our sorrows to the passing gal« ¡ Regardless of Ihe'stitrtlinç foresi-erie», And savage forms that met our aching eyes, Oft dirt we talk of times when, light and young, We climbed those heights, or loved these similes among ; And wished intensely to return again, To pluck the smiling primrose on Hi o plain ; To etijnv llie coolness of our native lulls ; To quaff refreshing cordial Irom the rills ; To hear the jocound lark salute tile morn ; To scent the fragrance of Hie budding Ilium. Pleased, we sttrveved the landscape M.niory diew, As she produced its features to our view ; Till fading last the sun's oppressive light, Tile wood's wild tennants hailed reluming night, And blazing lires around our tent were made Then sank io slumber in theceiba's* shade. Here as I stand, contemplative and lone. Imperial Fancy re ascends bet throne ; With mournful looks she waves her magie wami, And distant scenes arise at her command 1 A spell less potent used that Hebrew dame Who called the ghost of Samuel, and it cune! Lo I to mj musing eye distinct appears A mighty stieam, unknown in former years Against its course a trail cante ascends, And slowly on a doubtful passage wends, Whose daring ci cw llie olive-branch prepare, As arts of peace lo warirkc tribes they bear A tight more touching eye balli rarely seen ; A nobler project hath lhere never been ! They know no dauber which the covert shrouds, Nor see their rainbow failing Irom the clouds ; But, filled with hope, from s.id forebodings tree, Their weary com se they charm with joyous min strelsy. What means that shout t Why rings that hideous jell I ' Ye fiantic fiends! Infuriate monsters, tell I Ha I whizzing arrows cloud the- lund skj, And poisoned dans drop venom as they fly I Away, my friends I escupe the deadly slrite! O God, look doun, and save a brother's life I Swift as the Arab courser scouts the plain, That trembling bark shoots downwards to the main On shore, on stream, a torrent host pursue, And ruthless Havock thins her hapless crew I Urge, urge, ye on ! let not destruction whelm I Lite's on the prow, but furies near the helm ! With horrid cries Uley dash the sounding flood, And toil, and pani, and rave, and shriek, for blood! « » « » Mourn, River, mourn I the deathful strife Is o'er, And bleeding trophie-B slain thy guilty shore. Yo palms and ceibas 1 plantains widely spread ! Ve mangroves waving o'er your oozy bed I Ye inland woods ! lament with solemn sound, And let your requiem cast dismay around : For he who first, willi wondrous zeal possess'd, Traced thee, majestic Quorra 1 to thy rest, In darkness des ! Thou canst no more impart Fire lo In» eye, nor life-blood to Ins heart I . . . . List 1 heavenly music, beautilul and soft, Descends on eui lb lo chfiriii his soul aloft I Bul ere thou garn'st thy everlasting home, Where shades of unremembered millions roam. ? Grey bird-by this name the thrush or throstle Is known ni Cornwall* * Ceiba or cotton-tree, one of the largest and most umbrugeous of the forest-trees of Africa. When politicians, for the sake of party objects, engage in, discussions upon what isosuiilli designated by the single name of Popery on one side, oi Pro- testantism on the other, there is a point beyond which no friend or leligious fieedom-that is to say, no conscientious and consistent Vt«»testant-can ac- company them. Many of Hie articles of obligation or belie!, purely religious, held by Papists tor in- stance-such as the teal I'resencc-the woiship of the Virgin-the number mid nature ot the mímeles recorded by their church-howevei we may con- demn one, or all ol them, as in the highest degree eiroueous, according to our own iiiiileisiaudiiig of what constitutes esseuti.il Christianity - aie innocent ot tiny such traceable operation upon the temporal stale or well-being of oilier Christians, us would |ustify the Legislative Power of a Prolc-tiini peuple in mulestiiig, tuit-rleimg willi, or uni wise disturbing those who entertain such errols. Tuicil Is tluil Popel y has never conceded so much-true thal loleiatioii of any doclriu. s bul its own, even the most ubiiruct, mid appurentlv remote from all micial Influence, is luid by the Popish ehuich in ubliorrence-that proselytism, even by the coercive ineuns, is insisted on as a rigorous duly tor tile s ike ul e.teiclsuig it us a substantial right-and that dis »ent from the doctrines ot the church of Home, without the least ostensible retereuce-lo political in- terests or luwoildly object', has al all times and under all circumstance^ been reprnbatctl by that church as " n clime to be pul down" by ecclesiastical authority. The characteilstic ol Popery has been so much a portion ut ils whole hume, und si» inseparble from Its habitual ucuuu, and the fact is at ibu same time ?a notorious, that the loud pretensions lately made by certain Huniisli demagog ues lu a respect lor " liberty of conscience," us an indirect means of furthering the power aimed at by their priests of persecuting und utterly crushing Hint liberty, appear lo us among Hie examples ot nrltul hypocrisy llie niostpililul and revolting on record. This, nevertheless, be it reme-mbired, is no rule by which the- actions of Protestants ought to be regulated. If infallibility be luid claim lo by Hie Popish church, and a right founded thereon to direct the consciences of all mankind, " we," Protestants, build or dissent liom Popery on the fiee exeruse of individual judgment, and we must not practise the tjiatiny we condemn by meting out theil own meisuru to the Papists. lu «0 far, therefore, as uh.it me termed Popish " superstitious" h.ive becoim , oi may become, the subjects of public disputation and opprobrium amongst Prole lunts, let (lum bu ever auch able und learned me», lur llie sake of merely stirring up nutioiiiil halted ugaiusl their alive- manes, we ate nut amongst Hid approve-rn ot such ultempls, and would cordially rejoue lo see them, one und all, relinquish, ed. Truths, the must humiliating to those who differ from us in religious opinion, it may be peifeclly in- defensible lor Pioteslaiits to make topics of public denunciation in popular assemblies. It is not the most vulnerable branch of Popery-It i» net thot against which the assault can be directed willi Hie most obvious justice, with the unisl irrealst able appeal to the sympathies of a free and jfulous tunion, «r with the plainest and most ample support liom evcrv piineiple of pirlitlc.nl pislicu We hnve been nccusid, quite Inlsely (the lul-ehooil ol a chinge ben g m Ihr eyes ol certain slandeier its favourite ¡iigiedicnt,) with paliiable and unblush- ing disregard of tiulh-we have bee» accused of holding up the lellgious dociunes of Popery lo the general reprobation. The instances of this offence on our part haie been drawn from stitni recent nr Heles wherein we noticed the abominable tendency, ot the prnfossioii.il dmies prescribed to Romish pi tests, ns illusiiHtinns of the cruel and demurnlizing methods by which they ure ucin'toined t" gain a despotic power ovei Hie minds ol their (locks, and to mould, or al le ist bl is, Hie fieicost wills, m con- formity to the insliiictinus und secret designs ol 111« eorilessmual. It w is not to the devotional »omi ol " Den's Theology" that we cvci to,,k the trouble of inviting our Protestant and politic ii readers. It was lo ibu horrible manner ol enforcing a I militarily »iib, mid a gross intention to, subjects through whith no lui.nun being might to usuip the privilege of staining indtlibl( Hie imaginations ot his fellou mortal«. It is pin sic lily impossible Hint the in- quisitor into domestic life, niter the vile fashion in culented by bonks like Ililli lo which we have ad- verted, should not be mon a coi ruptor of the guilt- less, than a pri ceptnr to the untaught. We li .ve heard, and we know what we affirm lo be true that in numerous cases women have declared their first teacher, even of Hie alphabet ol vice, io be the priest who confessed them. His is indeed loo frequently the serpent's part, and the tree of knowledge to. svhn.li lie introduces the millicent is loaded willi Hie fruit nf death. Ii is this dreadful power derived from auricular confession by the menial of acliuichon whosi fiat depends absolution or punishment immedi- ate and eternal, from one « hose decrees go forlli with- out control, without nppe ii, selling all human lnws, authorities, influence», and maxims at defiance, tins it is which chiefly filled the grave «ntl reflecting mind of Hiélale Lord Greenville willi dismay, anti determined him to i égard as inadniissable lind fright- ful, nuv extension of power to the Romish linly which should not be iiccnmpnnied by some effective plctlge or barrier uguiii't the petverslon of that puwei lo purposes invariably held sacred by tliu Pap ii church, through Hie inevitable aseen dency over the spun ol her laymen. The practice ot auricular oonfession alone, said Lord Green ville, was ieplete willi danger to any free society. In fact, with It there can be no freedom o/ conscience. Thing« temporal, no less than things spiritual, aro all within us dominion-for then is no question, howcvei purely political oi so ela! in its nuuiie, winch priestly insolence, ar rogance, and dexterity do not contrive to make, some how or other, " stuff o' the conscience " ns bearing upon Hie interests of religion. When we add to this privilege the power of excom- munication-no empty form, as willi us Pioles innis-but a real outcasting from all the inteicourse of life, and from ns comfoit,-when wc ii collect, moreover, the right usurped hy these conlcdeiaicd bashaws, of bellowing out even from Hie altar the names ol those among the congregation who presume to disobey then inundates upon any and cvety question relating to politics, ginti.il or local, and especially when such commands have been issued in ftirtbeiancenf a system of " passive resistance" to Hie laws-when it is in evidence, under a thousand forms, that the proclamations nf the altin have been mrde subset vient to the nonpayment of tillie, io Hie desertion of landlords, lo Hie intimiditlioii ot electors by savage violence, that, m shun, every priest bus his own parochial parody on the "Death's head and cross-bones" of the agitator, and has winked ti with no less skill and boldness than Hie greni apostle of sedition hlmselt, our Ihiglish and Protestant ren- ders may judge what sort of political game that must be which is played by persons calling them- selves statesmen and of which it is the sole inteligi ble result to throw into the hands of a priesthood so constituted, so actuated, so trained to the work of virtual insurrection and subversion, an unprece- dented mass of political power. We repeat it for the hundredth time, it is not the " doctrines" of the church of Rome for which we care one single far thing. It is the terrific church government of Popery which we deprecate. Hint government which has from time to time immemorial declared war against every other dominion but its own on earth, and which verifies to a tittle the boast of Archimedes and the sarcasm of Hume—using " the other world for a lever, whereby to move this world at its will." The most tremendous engine for enslaving the heart of man, and barring the progress of society, that ever yet existed. The only form of political govern- ment which can stand at all against the spirit of Po- pery is a military despotism, and of that there is but a precarious chance depending on the greater or less mental vigour of the Monarch pro tempore. Then, can it be anything short of frenzy to intro- duce into Ireland a measure equivalent to that of corporate reform here, by which the whole munici- pal government of that island must be flung into the hands of a Popish rabble—a rabble the very tools and missile weapons of the priesthood ? Can any Protestant picture to himself without consterna- tion the defeat and rout of our whole English power, attacked simultaneously in all its cantonments, from uni Hi tu south ol Iieland, by .this legislative invader ? The Church Bill will of course work out its own effects at last, although they must be progressive and not unmixed with benefit; but by the corporation mensure about to be applied to Ireland, which under the mask of equalising the two sects, gives a real omnipotence to that which has the superiority of numbers, and of numbers acting like one man, in subservience to a single will, that will having long ago declared itself an inveterate enemy to En- gland-wo ask any man who knows the difference 'between truth and falsehood, and will speak the truth, to tell us whether Hu» new municipal orga nuRtion is or is not it blow at once immediate and irretilevable to Hie existence ot Piotcslant security in Iieland, and of the Iliitish name 1 There is no use in child's play, oi ni mincing the clear fuel upon lins subject, wc would a» soon se« (lind soon we »hall sic) a Colli ge green Parliament assembled, and Dr. Aluriay or his Armigh brotlur anointing the lust Melesiau King " of .ill Ireland," as we lie e lo witness the entiie overlhiow of all our Protestant corporations there, the filmest hold und the lii>ti 1 stake of England -Times. 