___Dreadful State of Society. __The. Police Office was, on Monday last, occupied nearly the whole of the day, in hearing a case of assault, in which Mr. Hackett was the plaintiff, and Dr. Scott, Colonial Surgeon, the defendant. The evidence adduced being however more in favor of Dr. Scott, the case was dismissed, to the universal satisfaction of an unprecedentally crowded court, of the most respectable persons. This disgraceful affray induces us to make the following quotations from the True Colonist, in reporting the same, pre- viously to the case being heard. He very justly says, " It is impossible to con- ceive any civilized community in a con- dition similar to what now exists in Ho- bartTown. There is every reason to dread that the slander and detraction which has been so ably and justly de- nounced by the Rev. W. Bedford will end in some tragic scene of bloodshed, inasmuch as the parlies in this case ap- pear to have thrown aside the ordinary restraints of civilized society, to pursue the objects of their animosity with all the ferocity of the savage, and the black- guardism of the outcast ruffians of civi- lized society. We did not see the dis- graceful affray, but every one who saw it assures us that Dr. Scott was most wantonly insulted and assaulted." Thus much for our contemporary ; to which we may add, that we heard the evidence of some of the most respectable witnesses, which went to prove, that Dr. Scott was insulted in the public streets by Mr. Hackett upon several occasions by making use of ihe most insulting expressions ; indeed, so much so, as we are assured Mr. Hackett's best friends could not even justify such conduct. __Since writing the above, we have been favored with a report of this case, which is as follows : — __Mr, Hackett's affidavit being read, in which he stated that Dr. Scott had made an assault upon him, on Wellington- bridge, without any provocation, he was cross-examined by Mr. Young for the de- fence, and adhered to his original state- ment, and positively swore, that he only repeated the expression, *' Richardson's Ghost," once, on passing Dr. Scott at the Ship Inn, Mr. G. Bilton being with Dr. Scott, and Mr. Brodribb with the witness ; that he, Mr. Hackett, walked along the street from tbe Ship Inn to the bridge, without repeating any offensive expres- sion whatever ; that Dr. Scott, who was walking close behind them all the way from the Ship Inn, came up to Hackett, and said, do you mean to insult me. He (Mr. Hackett) replied, I wish to have no conversation with you, Sir. To a sccond question, he gave the same reply, and to a third he said, " pass on fellow," upon which Dr. Seott repeated the word fellow, and immediately assaulted him by striking him on the thigh, on which they closed for sometime until they were se- perated. He positively denied having made use of any other expressions to Dr. Scott than those above mentioned at the Ship Inn and on the bridge, when he was wantonly assulted without any provocation. __Mr. Brodribb was then examined on the part of Mr. Hackett, and his evidence was to the same effect ; he proved the ex- pression, " Richardson's Ghost," which Mr. Hackett admitted to have used at the Ship Inn, on passing Dr. Scott and Mr. Bilton. After this, he said to Mr. Hackett, " don't say any more, the Doc- tor is coming, and we shall have a row ;" that he and Mr. Hackett walked along the street to Wellington-bridge, and that dur- ingthe whole way Mr. Hackett did not repeat the above words, nor make use of any other words whatever. He added, " when we were on Wellington-bridge, Dr. Scott passed us ; he turned about and said to Mr. Hackett, ' do you mean to insult me ?' Hackett replied,' I shall have no conversation with you.' Dr. Scott repeated the question, and Mr. Hackett gave the same answer. Dr. Scott, a third time, repeated the question, and Hackett replied,' I will have no conversation with such a fellow.' Dr. Scott said, ' fellow,' and immediately kicked Mr. Hackett, and then they wrestled until seperated. __On his cross- examination, Mr. Brod- ribb swore positively, that Mr. Hackett had not flourished his stick at Dr. Scott, and that he could not have made use of any provoking language on the bridge, or any where else, except as stated above, for that he was close to him all the time, and did not hear any, which he must have done had any been spoken. __Mr. Gilbert Robertson sworn—That he had met met Mr. Hackett about three weeks ago, and remonstrated with him on the impropriety of his conduct in an- noying Dr. Scott in the manner that he and Mr. Rowlands were doing. Mr. Hackett then showed him a note from Dr. Scott to Mrs. Hackett, to say that he could not attend her in her approaching confinement, and said his conduct is most barbarous, and we (meaning himself and Mr. Rowlands) will persecute that scoun- drel-(meaning Dr. Scott,) until he de- stroys himself. Witness, from several circumstances of recent occurrence, con- nected with others of an old date, be- lieves that the reference to " Richardson's ghost" was calculated and intended to provoke and insult Dr. Scott ; has had several conversations with Mr. Hackett about Dr. Scott and the ghost of Richard- son ; has no doubt but tbe allusions to the latter were intended to provoke Dr. Scott. Witness had been on friendly terms with Mr. Hackett until the morn- ing of this assault : spoke to Mr. Hac- kett that morning as usual ; Mr. Hackett did not answer, but gave him a very angry look ; does not know the reason ; told Dr. Scott the conversation he had with Mr. Hackett ; told him part of it last Saturday ; had previously reported it in the newspaper ; recollects now that he mentioned it to Mr. R. L. Murray, in the presence of Dr. Scott. __Mr. J. H. Moore sworn—That on the day or two days before the assault, he and Dr. Scott were walking in Macqua- rie-street, when Mr. Hackett passed them, and cried out with a loud voice and in a violent manner, " Richardson's ghost." He immediately said to Dr. Scott, " Take no notice of him, but pass on and treat him with contempt." He knew the words used by Mr. Hackett were intended to insult Dr. Scott from other circumstances, independent of Mr. Hackett's manner, which distinctly con- veyed that imprsssion to his ( witnesses) mind. __Mr. George Billon sworn—That Mr. Hackett being in company with Mr. Brodribb, in passing him and Dr. Scott at the Ship Inn, hollowed as loud as he could, " Richardson's ghost," repeated the words thrice, and his manner was very violent, holding a stick which he flourished in his hand, holding it by one end. Hackett and Brodribb passed on along the foot-path to Wellington- bridge. Dr. Scott left witness and walked in the same direction in the middle of the street. Mr. Bilton's curiosity being aroused by what he observed in Mr. Hackett's con- duct, and expecting something would take place in consequence, he was induced to stand and look after the parties. Hackett turned round several times and looked at Dr. Scott, and with great vio- lence of manner, three times called out " Richardson's ghost." The last time he ( witness) heard him was opposite the Belvidere Wine Vaults. When Hackett and Brodribb reached the bridge, he saw Hackett turn right round and flourish his stick over his head, Dr. Scott at the same time walking towards him. Dr. Scott, when he got within four feet of him, stood still. At this time Mr. Hac- kett had his slick raised up in his hand, and in a very short time he saw Dr. Scott kick him under the knee,--he walked towards Wellington-bridge and saw them seperated. __Mr. Agustus Morris examined—That he was in Elizabeth-street, about thirty or forty yards from the corner of the Ship Inn, when he saw Mr. Hackett and Mr. Brodribb pass Dr. Scott, and he heard Mr. Hackett hollow out something in a violent manner, but could not say what it was. This drew his attention to the par- ties, and when they passed him in Eliza- beth-street, Hackett and Brodribb were walking on the footpath, and Dr. Scott in the middle of the street ; Hackett turned round his head several times, looked at Dr. Scott, and called out in s menacing manner ; about the time they passed witness, Hackett hollowed out "Richardson's ghost ;" suspecting that something might take place he followed Dr. Scott, and was close behind him when they got to Wellington-bridge, where Hackett turned right round and looked Dr. Scott (who was walking to wards him) inthe face, hollowed out Richardson's Ghost ;" saw Dr. Scott's side face and observed him say something but did not hear what it was; at this time Dr. Scott was withing three feet of Mr. Hackett, who was flourishing his stick over his head and with great vio- lence hollowed out." Richardson's ghost," " You murderer of Richardson," " You villian—you scoundrel ;"—on which Dr. Scott immediately, rushed upon him ; witness did not observe Dr. Scott kick Mr. Hackett ; the parties wrestled toge- ther for some time until they were sepe- rated. __Mr. Robert Caldwell examined—He keeps a shop at the corner of Wellington- bridge ; on Thursday last, about 4 o'clock, he heard a great noise and looked to see the cause ; he saw Mr. Hackett and Dr. Scott standing within three feet of each other and Mr. Hackett flourishing a stick over his head, and nearly touching Dr. Scott's nose and with great violence of manner howling to Dr. Scott ; You villain —you scoundrel ;—and some other expres- sions which he did not fully comprehend ; Dr. Scott then rashed upon Mr.Hackett, and they wrestled together for some time, until they were sederated by the spectators. __There is one circomstance connected with Mr. Brodribb's conduct in this case, which in justice to that Gentleman, we are bound to notice, as it bespeaks mnch to his credit, if it he true, which we have every reason to believe to be the case. We understand, that Dr. Scott has candidly admitted, that had it not been for the interference of Mr. Brod- ribb,who was chiefly instrumental in seperating the parlies, one or the other in all probability would have been thrown over the bridge, and thus perhaps killed on the spot. 