POLITICS OF EUROPE. We must repeat our warning to the conservative members of the House of Commons, that the attendances every one of them, on the 4th of next month, is indispensably necessary. They will have seen the urgent public summons of the ministerial leader; and we can assure them, upon the very best authority the authority of transcripts of letters before us that the public summons very faintly expresses that earnestness of despair which breathes in all their private communications. We will quote one epigrammatic sentence from a letter of a cabinet minister :-' If you wish to save the present government, you will be in your place on the 4th ; if you desire to see Peel prime minister, you may wait till the 5th.' This was addressed to a Whig. Standard. The cause of Reform owes much to the foreign tour of Sir Robert Peel. Still the branch societies in the country had already made much progress by-law untiring activity in calling, meetings, exceeding prejudices, andconcenltat ing influences, during the whole summer and autumn of 1854. Singular to say, they had all, with a most remarkable foresight, paid especial attention to the registrations". Thus, then, although the blow in November was struck too soon for their success, yet it found them in a formidable state of preparation and the results of the last elections speak volumes as to the efficacy of Tory associations. To these were added, or rather, we should say, under their direction were placed, the old approved means of bribery intimidation, and ministerial influence; together with electioneering,clamours concerning the repeal of the malt tax, agricultural distress, church and state in danger, with other cries which, Lord John Russell well said, were assumed without truth, and abandoned without shame. In some instances, as at Ipswich, Great Yarmouth, York, on, the expenditure of money was carried on without the usual pre du- tions, as Newgate can testify. Official patronage was lavished with the profusion of a hand which knew it could not long retain power. Harwich, for instance, had no less than seventeen places of profit showered upon the heads of its independent electors during the four short months of Tory ÏJÎÎCK fiita^;"wCreräs-Ttoi}*i"ou!t5-\rnTi-'ttic-3riigit exception of Chatham, not so successfully handled. The corrupt corporations of Leicester, Liverpool, Norwich, we, instinctively strained every nerve, and were unsparing in their exertions. It is with sincere pain, we add, that too many of the clergy allowed their zeal for pluralities and the externals of an establishment, to cause them to forget, in the guise of electioneering partisans, riva meek, unobtrusive character of their calling. Edinburgh Review. The Members of the House of Commons, honestly attached to the cause of the people, and desirous of maintaining in power a Liberal Administration, will not fail, at any personal sacrifice, to be present in parliament on the first day of the Session, the' 4th of February. From the state of parties with respect to numbers in the '* Peel-chosen par- liament." it becomes essential that the liberals should rally in the House of Commons on the first day. If ministers should not receive such support, a new parliament must be the immediate consequence. If, therefore, members are desirous of avoiding the necessity of a dissolution, or if they are anxious to stand well with their constituents,' they must be early and unremitting in their attendance. We are on the eve of a most eventful session. -Morning Chronicle. The state of parties in the « Peel-chosen' parliament is tremulously hinted at,, as requiring an extraordinary exertion and Whig Radical members are told pretty plainly, that they will be sent about their business should the cabinet be left behind by their neglect. Standard. Past and Present Just before our paper was put to press, we were present at the de- cease of a performer of great notoriety, who had played many parts." That his talents were of the first older we will not assert, but his debut was full of promise, and had he persevered in that line of business, and persisted in his original style of acting he would have entitled himself to unqualified praise and admiration. But the promise of his early life was quickly blighted; and though it could not heard of him, as of other evil-doers that " keeping bad company and neglecting religion brought him to an untimely end," yet it may truly he averred, that they were the causes of all his miseries and crimes. Bio- graphers are anxious to trace the transitions from virtue to vice to their original cause. In this instance we are spared the trouble habeas confidences reum. He suffered an Irish fortune hunter to be introduced to his intimacy, and the subtle and crafty fellow soon made him his tool and dupe. He had been a strenuous supporter of the established church he became its most determined per- secutor ; allegiance which had been a sacred principle, was made a by-word and a reproach the necessary gradations of society, the wholesome restraints of law, the beauty of order, were held in such contempt and reprobation, that man began almost to believe that his object was to involve the world in utter confusion and desolation. It was observed, however, that towards his latter end his adherence to those practices was less strenuous, and that the principles of his early life had resumed some influence over him. Such a death-bed repentance, though but a "poor atonement for his guilt, away yet I serve as a' guide and beacon to his<successor. ¡ He died attack age [of 52 an age which' none of his ancestors were ever known to exceed? . It is usual to celebrate. the birth of a son and heir with' rejoicings, but it seldom' happens that they are most vehement when the decease of the side has so immediately preceded the birth of the son. In this instance, however, no sooner was the breath out of the father's body and the son was born, than the congratulations became most vehement and noisy. The bells rang, bottles were emptied 1 and bowls drained to the health and prosperity of the newcomer; and, if he imitate the early part of his predecessor's career, and studiously avoid and sincerely abhor his after practices, we too shall join in the general joy, and cordially wish him a happy New Year. Times, June 1st. 1835. ! A Voice from the Grave" How happens it that the people of America are induced to commit their property and their lives to the guardianship of the refuse of the community ? Of all the tyrannies that the devil or man ever invented, the tyranny of an elective assembly, uncontrolled by regal power, is the most insupportable. When the tyrant is an individual, the slaves have the satisfaction of knowing their oppressor; they have the consolation of hearing him execrated and amidst their miseries they are now and then cheered with the hope that some valiant band will settle him. But an uncontrolled elective assembly is an indefinable, invisible, invulnerable monster. It insinuates like the plague, or strikes like apoplexy. ? It is as capricious as cruel-rancorous as death. Like death, too, 'it loses half its terrors by the frequent repetition of its ravages. And such is its delusive influence, that every man, though he daily sees his', neighbours falling a sacrifice to the scourge, vainly imagines it to be at a distance from himself." Cobbett's Register, June 30, 1892. , , . Those words were written by me, thirty three years and some odd months ago and little did I then imagine'! should thereafter have occasion to apply them in so many instances as they are now applicable, both in England and American Take warning, my countrymen ! Before you talk of making the House of Lords an elective assembly, let us see some of the fruits of a mobperacy in America, CoMers Ghost.- The A e. 