xmaivTA. To raise the tone of society-to dis- play, moral lessons, having a tendency to enlarge the understanding--cannot be well efibcted by the tinsel glitter and the vagaries of ghosts, demons, &c;, com- bined with'the whole parapbanalia of pandemonium ; however much such exhi- bitions may please tho ignorant and scare children in the nursery, they cannot af- ford an intellectual feast for the enlight- ened mind. The Romance of *' Due o'clock," doubtless from the Germ.-n, perlonnedfor the second time on Mon- day night, is what appropriately is termed n spectacle - a piece purely ephemeral, and can never repay the expenso of get- ting up. A,standard Tragedy, smart Cornelly, or lively Farce, is immeasurably superior to the murky di-play of feelings in this piece. Throughout the whole per- formance there is but one, sentiment, which was delivered with appropriât« bitternes3 by Mrs. Taylor, "people arc always remarkably cool at t/te misjoi tunes ofotheis." Mr. Gordon should avoid the fall of voico at the end of every sentence, to which he is much addicted, so much so as to become totally inaudible. The next lime Mr. Spencer enacts Rolf it would be more appropriate if a collar were to surmount hin vest, for however he may imagine that his neck is modelled after tho Byron school, some people dif- fer on this head. The piece was made as much of as such a p eco could be, and ' bespoke industry in the company. It will never bo a favorite with the public. i The afterpiece of '* A Husband at Mjjhl," went off well; although a Farce, it pos- sesses little to recommend it. The house , Was thinly a'tended at tho rising of the ourtain, but filled up at half price. | 1( fair unbiased statements are given lo the world ol that which meets our own observation, how generally is it dis pleasing to the parties concerned. It the observations havo been made without a regard 40 truth, anti the coloring is high, all is then correct; bul if cold truth alone is exhibited, without false glare, it is then imputed to envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness.-Qui capit Hie facit. On Tuesday evening was per- formed the Tragedy of "Othello, the Moor of Venice," in which, for the first time, Mr. Cameron played the arduous part of Iago, in a manner highly credit- able to himself. It was clear that Spencer who last played that part, and who was for so long a time under Mr. C. at Ho- bart Town, had copied his master in many particulars. Mr. C. has a clear conception of the character— the lurking devil in his eye and fawning and syco- phantish style of address to Othello, be- spoke the cool, calculating villian of Shakspeare. We pronounce Mr. Ca- meron's success in Tragedy, as complete. Mr. Knowles grappled with the arduous part of Othello well until the last act, when his memory appeared to have to- tally failed him; for instance, in the Boliltquising, he thus addresses his sleep- ing wife :- I " Nor sear that whiter skin of her'«, than monumental alabaster." His author has it " Nor »car that whiter skin of bar's than inntx', And smtoth as monumental alabaster." Again Mr. Knowles finishes the Boliliquy thus - " So sweet * ere ne'er so fatal." Shakspcare proceeds ',' I must waop, but they aro cruel tears ; This sorrows heavenly, it st' ikes where it doth lore.' These errors have a grating sound upon the ear, and are easily detected. Des- di mon a, by Mrs. Downes, was bot ill supported ; in the death scene she was far too »arue-ahe does not appear to be ítiíTicicnlly horrifitid at the prospect of death at tho hands of her husband. '»1rs. Taylor's Emilia WHS a very correct impersonation, \cry pleasingly hil oil', ti would bo atlvHiiblft if Cassio, Mr. Gordon, and Itoduiiuo, Mr. Simes, in tho scone whoro the latter is killoil .tnd the former wounded, wero not to travorstio. It strongly reminds us ot Hoinb.isto.4 Furioso - " Oh ! Fusbos, Fusbos, I am di Idled q tit« ," And, " Oh whnt a hole, He's let daylight in upon mr smtl," causing thoroby n roar of laughter at tho expense of the whole propriety of the piooe. Mr. Collins shoultl not loose time in practising a more Ducal bow when he receives his senators. The other poriion of tho company lent their best endeavours in filling up tho picture. Bolweon the nieces Mr. Fitzgerald danced a Horn, pipe whioh was encored. The " Young Roefor" closed the evening's entertain- ment, and was received as .heretofore,. with considerable applause. The orchestra ! should get a fow now pieces in hand. ? The houso was respectably attended. I Wa regret that our limita will not allow of our giving Mr. Sydney Stephen's' speech in the Special Jury case of Bingle ti. F. Stephen in full, it was a most aide and éloquent one, notwithstanding the fearful array of legal talent against him, , ho deserves the best tlunks of his client ior the ability he so successfully displayed, wo are glad to record that merit due to the learned Gentleman on the occasion, and the moro particularly, as notwith- standing the trial occupied two entiro days, during which time he was labouring -under severe indisposition,'he paid the j strictest possiblo attention lo his client's interest from the commencement of tho case to its termin.ilion. 