THE CORNWALL CHRONICLE. LAUNCESTON V. D. LAND, SATURDAY, SEPT. 3, 1836. "Liberty with danger is to be preferred to slavery with security.'' SALLUST. EXTRAORDINARY AND UNPARALLELED OUTRAGE OF TWO POLICE MAGIS- TRATES UPON A SENTINEL ! The whole Colony know that we are not in the habit of censuring the acts of the public authorities without just and sufficient reason, and we know that we very often fail in the proper discharge of our duty, in not laying before the public, acts of abomination ;—with a view of giving opportunity for amendment, our pen is frequently laid aside, and we regret exceedingly, that the forbearance is most generally undeserved. No public officer have we spared more than the Police Magistrate, —His youth we have placed in the balance against his inexperience ; and his amiable disposition has often operated with us as an antidote to his ill- timed lenity—but that feeling we are bound now to throw aside, and in the strict performance of our duty, to lay before the public one of the most abomi- nable—ungentlemanly—unmanly—unsoldierlike, & childish acts of that Magistrate, and of his fellow Magistrate—that it was ever our disagreeable task to lay bare, or the public to be made acquainted with. It is, perhaps, necessary, that we should first state, that the lad whom the Governor placed at a Police Magistrate over our populous District, was so ap- pointed, in direct opposition to the will of the Inhabit- ants, in consequence of his being in their opinion alto- gether unfit by reason of inexperince and tempera- ment, to discharge the duties of it, and that we have heard, his fellow-Police Magistrate was at one time a Cornet of Dragoons ! It appears that the Commandant, a Major in the army, lodged the female emigrants, landed from the Amelia Thompson, in the Government Cottage, and consigned them to the care of the Ladies Committee, that had been formed for the purpose of providing for their imme- diate necessities, and with the means of future sup- port. Not content with placing a private soldier as a sentinel at the gate of the Cottage, the Major placed there a serjeant, with orders, that he should not admit persons—except duly authorised according to the arrangements of the Ladies Committee. On Tuesday afternoon, these Magistrates thought pro- per to ride to the Cottage, and were about entering the gate, when the sentry demanded their authority. They had none—and were very properly refused admittance—upon which they, it is reported, became excessively outrageous, and attempted to force their way in—which the sentry prevented by drawing his bayonet upon them, and threatening to bury it in the car case of him who should dare to render it necessary for him to put his orders into execution. Any one would suppose that these Officials, as Men, as Gentlemen, as MAGISTRATES —would have known better than to attempt to force a sentinel on duty, but what will the world say to the ex-Cornet of Dragoons ?—for his companion we can find an excuse : he is young and inexperienced, and big with the belief, that all the world must succumb to the Police Magistrate of Launceston, naturally imagine, that even a British Soldier on duty, must present arms, and permit him to pass, in contradiction to the orders of his Commanding Officer—even his Major. We have our information from a witness—who informs us—that upon the sentinel refusing them admittance—the P. M. said, what !—do you mean to tell me that you will not permit the Chief Police Magistrate of Launceston to go in ? My orders are positive, sir, said the sentinel. Ride over the fellow, said the ex-Cornet—we will go in. My orders, repeated the sergeant, are—not to admit you, and if you attempt to ride over me, I will plunge this bayonet into you, (drawing it at the same time.) Now, this man knew his duty, and he knew how to perform it. The Major will not, of course, per- mit the service to be degraded by passing over such an act on the part of two Police Magistrates—who prove by their conduct, how little either of them are fitted for their office. But to the subject—our informant assures us, then, that finding the sentinel determined to obey his orders, and that a little claret was likely to be spilt in the affair, the Police Magistrates drew back, when one of them said, mark me ! ye * * * be- fore ten days are gone. I will have the stripes off your arm, and have you turned into the ranks ! ! ! ! We beg permission to ask these Police Magistrates, both of them being unmarried men—by what au- thority they went there—they know perfectly well that they are not eligible as single men to have a female convict assigned to them, and they know, that the character of each Lady of the Committee was at stake, if any of the Emigrant females were recommended to the service of either of them, being single men. What business had they then among the women at all ? Did they imagine that their paltry commissions as Botany Bay Magistrates, en- titled them to break through all rules, all regula- tions, all decency ? Or did they imagine, that the Ladies of the Committee would wink at the purport of their visit ?—it cannot be misunderstood—noting they were ineligible to receive by their authority— the services of any of the Emigrants ; we thought well of the C. P. M., but this act, in conjunction with the ex-Cornet will_____Enough ! Just as we had written thus far, a gentleman in- formed us, that the Commandant has given orders to hold a Court of Enquiry upon the conduct of these gentlemen—feeling no doubt ; that he cannot compromise his duty as a British Officer. We for- bear, therefore, from offering further remarks upon the subject. ⬅︎●➡︎ It is impossible to produce a more convincing poof of the utter worthlessness of the present sys- tem of the Local Government, than the tenure by which deserving convicts hold Tickets-of-Leave. To induce amended conduct on the arrival of the convict in this Island, he is told that after a certain probationary term—he shall be eligible to receive lndulgence—which will be awarded to him if he be found deserving. The regulation in itself it, good— but the system that js cmpluyod in its adoption, des troys the effect it is intended to have upon the i-on. victs, and'lh many .cases proves injurious to the inte rests ofthe' free population; .-j It is only jwt tUat the man who violates the laws or the couiit.y in wjiic-u le' lires,jr!iou!d filter (lie penalty of suci violation— yct.we thiuk,that a minor offence committed in England! is sufficiently atoned for, by the involuntary baimhrnent or the criminal to this country— and that lie ought to !wal|oi-cd the opportunity lo make all the Atonement in b,is iiowcr to make, b} offended society, which he, could uot more effectually do.than in bcconiingan useful mem ber of it. Aa inditcrim!nate^ts|iciinitioa of indul gences to convicts on their arrival here, would des troy the effect of transportajioh-.thc hardened in crime would be let loose, to Me destruction ofthe ioorstconiimnit)- — hence tlie necessity, that ovcry convict sliiiild undergo' a probation, in ordct that it should lc discovered by his habits and behaviour, the propi-fety of relaxing the rignur of his sentence, or of permitting him to enjoy liis liberty. Hcwh. has seen the woild, and has marked as he traveled through it, the uncertainty or all tbinss— nill not deny the possibility of a jnau being made to tiffer innocentiy ; — he will admit that it is not imnisKhle tluit a moiiilly innocent man miv have been numbered amongst the outcasts uf the Mother ccuntry, 'and liavc trodden even upon our siioics, bunded with the name or convict, and suf fered according to his unhappy destiny. That such has been Ihc case, we will suppose, (although it' it in our paivcr to prove that men have been trans ported fniKH.-cn.tl) in more instances than one)— then, according to tlie holy Scriptures, wherein it is written, 'that ninety and nine guilty persons had better escape, than one innocent man i-hould Buffer,' we maintain the propriety of permitting every person the opportunity to work away the stig ma of his situation — so far us it be possible 'under the circuhutanuu— ond to shew by his dcjioiiiueiit, that, wbethei justly or unjustly he is doomed to suf fer, he is worthy or not again toshaie the privileges' of hit fellow-creatures. Tiiemiui who in bad in principle will very soon shew himself— lie will prove it by his conduct while undergoing hit probationary -sentence— and -as a ?natter Ural is sure to rollow, become * member of a chain-gang or l|ulk— the redabuable -uinvict by a contntry Iwliaviiiur duriug the term— will deserve the indulgence promised by the tJovornment-Jind at no less than tlie abandonment of 'faith on the itart or the Government, cau it be withheld from him. We will presume that no convict holding on in dulgence — a ticket-of-leavc — is undeserving of it —and that tickets have been invariably granted to deserving characters. We say, we presume this to be the fact — by tlie way of exonerating the dispen sers uf them— from impartiality, unjust influence, nnd abused patronage— cvin to ttjuvjeu. TJicmu Uvc of our present writing it to shew the uncertain teuurcriiy wliicli tickelwf-lisivc arc held— ut'tu-ttd- uiitting the price of them to be good behaviour, and an unlUnchiug obedience on tbc part of the convict, to the regulations of the system, uud lo tlie laws. A circumstance came to our knowledge last week, wlueh we will relate. . A Iradesmau. resident in Ilils town, who jre noticed to be always in hit bu liiiess, uud to be au industrious mau, called at our DfEec, to state his inability to settle a tiilliiifr claim we have against him. We told liim Xo ttudy Jut Divn convenience upon tie wuject, and -expressed uur ho|ic that lie was Atting ?veil in Jiis business. ' Ah, Sir!' replied the man, ' I am doing well, .so (ar as business goes— but, uiifnrtuiiatcly for me, 1 mil only a tickct- ol'-Iearc '.' Tli'u jfaet we were not aware uf, and Hi not at the iiioiiientdUeovcr, Iioiv it could operate against him iu Jiis businqs. Upon tukiiig fur (in explanation, he spoke prcl,ty ncai I y in tic fullonriag wolds :— ' 1 will tell you. Sir. lu my way 6r business, you sec, I make such' articles wliich some or our great folks arc very fojid of, uud they very often treat their friends at my cost. Mr. ? owes me a lai-gc bill, which I have asked him for very often ; but I am afraid to trouble him for it again, for the last time 1 saw him, he told me to go about my business, and to recollect that I bold a tu&ct-of-lca.vc.; , I know. Sir, -cry well, that if I vranl to hold my ticket, 1 must give the gentleman the amount or my bill against him. ? ? gave a — r — to a parcel or his friends, a month or two ngo, at my expense. He ordered very ertravogaut articles, and told me, when 1 sent (hem home, toseiid up my bill 'for them,, receipted. 1 did so, and the messenger biought word to me, that the ' would call and pay me. He did not call — I tent again, and again, and apain, and al ways had some excuses sent back. A lew days ago, I met the worthy ? in the street, and, as politely as I could, asked him to settle the account. He told me I was a d— - scoundrel— told me not to presume to usk him for tlie money, and to recol lect, that 1 only hold a tickcUif- leavc ! Of course, Sir, I was obliged to walk away. If I had per sisted in demanding the money due to me, some charge would have been laid against we — I should be condemned unheard — be. thrown into a chain gang, my business destroyed, and my wife uud young children lie left lo starve '.' Now, we ask, if this tickct-of-lcavc tradesman is entitled by lu'g good condud,to enjoy the indulgence, and is permitted to carry on a business on his own hands, whether he is not entitled to the protection of the Government, so Long as his conduct is unde serving of cenwre, and so long as lie conforms to the regulation of the bysiem, and acts in obedicnte to the laws!1 The Very c&Ntlehf.s;' who swindle this poor fellow out of his just demands against them, will annrer Yei! but they know me «Vs tem, and when it answers their purpose, do not hc itatc to cloak their foul deeds behind it ' Thccir umstanccorthc— — — failing to send back th money, after telling the tradesman to send up his bill KBCBUTED, constituted it an act of swindling ? it was obtaining the goods under false pretences, and liuudrcdv of Genti.euiin have becu transported to this Colony fur similar acts. How, in the name ot justice, ran convicts be cX|Kcted to act correclh, if GitSTLnMBN, moling in tt respectable grade ^f society, set them au example— that even tlnv must dcsjiisc and be ashnuicd of. The actors ^f such contemptible trick Try deserve to be kicked okt of the community, and it it- aUolutely necessary, (hut the Chief Magistrate of the Colony should, ftr^lie creditor liis adminis tration, mack such discreditable behaviour, by im medate dismissal From pffi*, wlicn it can be proved that any .public servant is cuilty ot it. ? We do not choose totrii|(fjomi upon this ticket-- ? ,of-1eave/trade«iian the vaigeance of those parties nio arc mean enough to evade the payment of the goods they have purchased from him, by mentioning the haniaj* either panics »t present. We know well that complete exposure would not cause any alteration in the system-, (ami that the guilty par- ; tics would be considered filling objects for the shield of power to be thrown around them ; — for tlie pre scjit, therefore, we say to* more upon the ^sub ject, nor until a change in the administration per mit us to ho|ic that such abominations will not lie permitted with impunity, aor the paltry insignia of the Aristocracy be considered ample privilege to the wearer, to trample, . fearless of punishment, upon die most sacred rights of civilized society, Thursday being th,e day appointed for granting' Licences for the retail sale of liquid poison, the vicinity , of the Court-house was, thronged with Applicants and their sureties, -who, to the number of several hundred, hod the honor to wait the jwrsi. pleasure of the Magirttates, from ten o'clock in the forenoon until four in the afternoon, before the -names first upon the list were called in. Really, the way in which the public duties arc administered in this Colony, bring upon the Magistrates, even «gainst the inclination of the people, the contempt -they so rbhly merit. ' In England, if a person has business to transact with a Magistrate, lie knofvs the hour of business, and waits upon him ; the Magistrate knows it too, and is at liis post — the object for which the parties come into collision is ariaugcd— and, let it be anangci however niucli against the interest of tlie one party, he gqes away satisfied, at the least, that he has had a gentlemanly treatment, and that the 'Magistrate has acted in conformity to the law of the land. In tliii tows, ruattcis arc not arranged so, but just the reverse — even in so trifling it matter as granting a few pub lican's license*, the Mugiistmtcscamiot lie found to perform (heir duties. At the hour of ten, tliey ought to have been upon the Ilcncli, to have pro ceeded in their business. The fact of the publicans dancing attendance in the street, awaiting the pleasure of a -parcel of Botany Buy Magistrates, is » matter of no conoci n to them. The fact uf a pair of sureties' for each publican, who come forward without fee or reward, and who leave thcil business, most likely, subject to tlie depredation of assigned servants, is, of course,- cif no moment to them.' They cannot make it convenient to sit at ten o'clock — they cannot make it convenient to sir until four in the afternoon, and the public must necessarily submit. We tell the Magistrates that, in them lies the power to make themselves respected — tuc people are prone to oliedicnce pretty much iu the same ratio as they lire prone to grumble at, and resist imposition and unciiurteuui treatment. If they follow uur udviee, they will ccute to deserve the detestation or every man, who, unfortunately, has anything to do1 with them— for it is as clear as noon- day, that men; will resist opnrcision. It is the duty of the Magis trates to discbanic with fidelity the trusts reposed in: them. It is indupcnsibic that tliey be at their posts, when public' duty requires their services, to 4' moment or Tint— sanctioned bylaw or curtom ; it. it their duty lo consider -the Interest of the public: paramount to tbeii individual convenience, and it is the duty of tbc pco|ile to demand it of them. If the Magistrates uf Colonel Arthur's nomination — ' notwithstanding it is pretty, generally understood tlie qualifications that render them eligible for the oflicc — were .to make themselves — what they ought to be — agreeable in tlicit general deportment, and careful iu the discharge of their public duties — the' people would not fine themselves the trouble to enquire who or what tliey were; they would not have occasion to meddle with them. If tlie business for which a man met a Magistrate was directly put out of hand, und tlie party requiring ils transaction was -civilly and punctually treated, as a matter of course, such attention would be felt and acknowledged, and the Magistrate receive his good wiulies. On the other hand, what is the result? We were present on Thuisduy amongst tlie crowd, and heard mur tnurings and. curses out of number upon the Magis trates. 'Who the devil werb they?' taid one man — ' Who aue they?' said a second. 'Judge tlieiu by their conduct lo us,' said a third. ' Aye,' ci ict a fourth, « Is this the way we should be tieated by Magistrates in England!::' 'No'' mid a filth, ' but then, Magistrates are not made out of suc-h ? there.' /-UJthcr person said — ' You would be troubled to find such fellows there to 'lake Magistrates of' — and, in t)ii- manner did these uiffcrers vent their rage upon the cause of their wiO'crings. Is there a Magistrate who sat upon the Ueiich ut four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, ^ After keeping some hundred people waiting tucir ' pleasure from ten in the morning, will say the cen sure wat not richly merited ? We do not hesitate to declare the people of this Colony, tiic most docile aud tractable people on the face of the civilized creation. We have spent much of our time in America, and we declare, from a knowledge of the American character, that if it was possible that such a circumstance oould have hap pened in that country— the Magistrates would have been taught, in language not easily to be misunder stood, that they were the servants of the people, and that the people were not the servants of the Magis trates. None more than ourselves desire, that persons holding office should lie respected ; but the mere holding office does nut constitute the holder res pectable—it is the faithful discharge Ofthc duties of that oflice that can make the holder respectable and respected. Now, the author of the system is about taking liis departure, it becomes all men in oflicc, having the slightest regard for themselves, to turn over a new leaf— for tliey niay rest assured, tlint another George Arthur cannot be found to hold the reins of the administration ; and that the present disgraceful system, by which the people arc ground to the dust, will vanish before that wliicli wilt succeed it. Let them take heed in time, for, according to the ac knowledged maxim tlmt,wc had better have bad we know than bad we do not know, the title of some occupants is tolerably good. Report states, that His Excellency has determined not again to honor Launecston with Jiis presence, in consequence of the roods in the interior being de scribed as positively impassable and unsafe for light carnages. The determination of liis Excellency is judicious — it Mould be a pity, certainly, that lie thuuld run the risk of getting bogged, and, perhaps, buried alive in one or the other of the numerous bottomless sloughs, which abound in the load, and which the TasuaNiak states to be 'equal to tlie admittedly best road in England.' His Excellency is wise to abandon his visit to this side, if lie ever intended it. We can assure liim, j tiiat tlie iuhabitauts of Lauuciston will not regret it. DIED— During the night of the 31st day of August, the LAUNCESTON OBSERVER, a Periodical abortion, got up by the tail of a mi serable faction, "incidentally to coincide" with the measures of a Government, hostile to the welfare of a whole community. The professions of its Proprietor, gave hopes to the corrupt crea tures in power, of an able advocate in their cause, which, unfortunately for them, were damned by its first appearance; while its imbecility excited the derision and contempt of its readers, it stamped it the lowest, vilest, and most paltry rag that ever disgraced the public Press in any coun try. Notwithstanding the extraordinary exertions be stowed upon the OBSERVER by the learned Doctor of Physic— Proprietor— and the valuable and united assistance of its TWELVE EDITORS!!! and the gratuitous effusions of some of the most gifted minions of the Aristocracy - its existence could not be prolonged more than seven weeks - at the expiration of which period, it gave up the ghost. The utter contempt in Which this abortion was litu £m by the Press,, secured to.it the. undisturbed dis- '' a semination of it* villainous slanders, and by in dividuals it .wot unmolested, excepting in one in. . - : stance! in which n contribotor.for groMj assailing .It b the private character of « gentleman' opposed to P',e' him in political principles, subjected the Propric- 'doei ter to the unpleasant task of defending an action 0M ' atl»w..,,.,. .1. ?. »ath This, bantling ,of corruption— tin's scnii-gcndcrcd ' -tponster— that, Juring its existence, was too con- Dicl ' tehjpUVle to Jbe despjsed— dicdpf ikanitjoh. a ml Devil was piic»&nt; with it in the evening, and »1Mt Was thaonly witness of its dissolution — which -M , event ii supposed to have token place during the P™5 niglit. . ? ,i . i ? '? ..'.,. . . iogf Itx remains, which wcie comprised, ^n about eleven KM hundred bvbolu copies of its several numbers ? '- were consigned, on Thuisday . niomillg, to the .crc* .lames — and their ashes afterwards distributed — ' upon a dung heap. . Im ^PB«OBOBHBaBSS^iaS»l«^^»^eW!WS«iS«SSS«WlI fcJi Doctor ling; in noticing llie 'defunct rag, calls »v Doctor df Dassai— Jthe Doctor I.liotsVy ofVah Die- fifte men's Land ; Doctor Lhotsky deniee any rcscm- ' b)ance'tb Doctor de Dossal, nnd 'says, that his hk- an; rouMKa will be supported \\-y the jiUulic— who, lie vii. profesies, will'' 'blow Up the Obsekvf-R with gun. To' powder,' before it is three months old. Doctor and Lhotsky, moreover states, that lib true' German ? blushes on reading )j« paper— tliat its priucijjlcj nil arc in accordance with bis Prospectus, and that the Kt welfare of his fellow Colonists is the sole motive Unit dii induced liim to publish a Newspaper. Now, ire VU niust admit, if the O«snnvEB took uny side of tic isl question at all, it was the fide of the Local Autlio- pic ritick, which was precisely what its Prospectus pio- in* fessed to do— viz — 'to decidedly coincide with tlie ofi measures of the Government.' : . gj When this number, of our Journal reaches I)r. hoi Lhotsky, who, by a parity of icnsrning, is (lie Dr. ore de Dussal of Sydney— tliat is— if Ur. Lang is of correct in hit opinion, lie ivil! be informed o{ tie qu demise of liis friend's 'coinciding'1 Kewspapcr ? ' wliich melancholy occurrence took place in the Ac niglit of Wednesday, the last day of August, . thi ' ? '? ? '? — . ' Jo ft is not generally Vnown, we lnjlleve, that a of mail is made lip upon the departure or every vcntl : [„ for Port Phillip '. This arrangement, for which the public is indebted to the Principal Postmaster, ct- .. surcs to comcspondciits a confidence, not posscwd ]!' in the former casual mode of conveyance. 7^ Some of the Merchants have lent their cattle and K' carts to the Surveyor, to assist him in completing th the job upon the Quay, to that in a short time, it is ' probable, the inconveniences to wliicli the public '' iiavc been forso long tubjeeted to on that jilnrc, '' will be removed. Tiuly, indeed, niay the inlmbi- °1 touts of this towuuy, they ilave but little to thank J* the Local Government for. ? '' — =- ? _ ' ? an We team that twenty-six licences were refused to (L. applicants, at the meeting on Thui-sduy— the Map's- V( trates having determined, very propcily, to reduce in the number of that class of public houses that do nut j, aflbrd the necessary accommodation for travellers x It is a disgraceful fact, that we hare not one ' gentleman on this side the Island to represent imi interests in ttic Star Chamber. Turkish, as is tlie principle of Colonial Representation^ certainly ought we to be represented by some honest man, who might, by a determined opposition to the tie- j cursed system, destroy, in a great mcasuic its, rui nous ellccu. Take, for instance, the tax to tlie t amount of twenty-four thousand a-vcor to support the Felon Police ; the votes in the Star Chamber were equal, for and against the imposing the tax 1 upou the country, with tbc exception of Mr. Tho- J mas Archer's rote. Had he voted against the un ' natural tax, it would not have been imposed upon the Colonists— but Mi. Thomas Archer voted in fn voi of its imposition, and by such vote entailed upon this young Colony additional taxation, to the amount of J 21,000 per year. It it all very well for Mr. Thomas Archer to «ar, that the Colonists have a kiiiht to support a parcel of England's outcasts, to keep the remainder unckr subjection, and to vote, in liis capacity of legis lator, for making them do so. The sufferers by I,js vote, nt the least, Iwve the privilege of denying the justice of such obligation, and nf expressing their heartfelt dissatisfaction at his vote, which en forces it, ' We do not doubt that Mr. Archer acted ? ' conscientiously, in burthening the Colonists lo so t serious an amount, but we do very much douht tie correctness of the views, that urged him to give : such a vote. - I I Lieutenant Skatdon, R.N., of Little Hamjiton, : Norfolk Plains, was, we understand, a Midshipman . 1 on board the India Company's ship Eahl Camdei, thirty-two years ago, when she beat off the French I Admiral Lenois in the straits of Malacca— in wliich 1 ship the present Sir John Franklin, our new Lieu tenant Governor, then a Midshipman in the Nan, was at the time a passenger from China. Mr, . Franklin attended to the signals during the actior, and along with a Lieutenant of the Navy, also ft liastengcr in the ship, was of great assistance to tlie Indiumeu from his naval experience. Mr. Skerdai, with all the other Midshipmen oflhcEABLCAMiEK, joined the Navy on their return homc-( and we be lieve few officers have wen more real service than Mr. Skardon has during the long period of his ac tive employment since. The ' luck' of the tno young genticmen has been somewhat diflcrcnt— tl'C one still a Lieutenant, the other a Post Captain, a Knight, and a Lieutenant- Governor over the Co lony iu which his old sliipmatc is 0 settler. Wi doubt not, however, the gallant Lieutenant Mrs cause to congratulate himself on the difference. — Laukcbstoh Adviibtiseb. Sir John Franklin and his daughter, with a large jiarty of distinguished individuals, accompanied the Amelia Thomson emigrant ship, to tho Downs. — Upon the same authority we arc enabled to stirte that Sir John intended to sail for this 'Colony early in July, accompanied by bis lady nnd family. Sir John is described in our correspondent's letter an on excellent man; he is, however, we arc sorry to 1 ay, afflicted with tittcuic deafness.— luiu. t,fc«rirf»dw7 to n-*$«tbc operations of the \- surveyor in Cimitieie-strcct. He lias com rsirffS'' b* ?aiwri until LtUc job ' {hLstlytwWJg^- ? ??? . The Lieutenant Governor has been pleased to appoint the following gentlemen Justices of the Peace for the Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies:- John Wright Baker, Lewis Wil- liam Gilles, and Frederick George Brock, Esquires. ei.nsiii'tbe Vim Dicmen's Land mgrfc ultural ,^KJril.' 1836:iContol6 -3Bth April, _'ftl^_ '''ikalcVn iiBs'idWPcTxFjier ton wjthin the Jtfcrn wceta—Soowa ***«. ? Reports of.»*pc«ly -dMution of parliament JKm.neraldrculatlpn&st; sight, at tjio west Softie to)vn.-»I(-B.«K? «***»???' S8'* ?A*nTt 