CORRESPONDENCE; To the Editor of the Australian.' Sir — A letter appeared in tho coliimna^of tho ./?/?n»/-/,' animadverting on the lucubrations of ' Cu'~ tholiens //ii*.' Its natural tendency to 'sink beneath the surface haa been arrested by the friondlV hand'of tne colonist, from tins oirctunstanco it may be. supposed to contain a statement of some importance, how correctly the following observations will shew :— I pass by the preliminary surmises respecting ' Ca- ' thnlicui Ipse' conceiving them to bo;of very little con ?eqiienee^cithcr. to him or to tho public. Tho object of tho writer is introduced 'by a certain query, and wonderment expressed, that it -was not an swered before. ;vWliy did not ' CinlwUcut //-ie':cit« , the obsvrvations of Leo XII. on the Bible Societies ? ; For two obvious reasons: — 1st. The decree of tho Council of Trent, to. which allusion is made, had been cited as the foundation of tho argument, and the exposition , of Catholic belief; it was unnecessary therefore to repeat it. 2dly. Because the observa tions of Leo' XII. referred to the exceptions from th» general rule respecting tho use of the Scriptures, whicli rule was the subject of discussion ; and there ' foro' the observations wore deemed irrelevant. But, Sir, since Candour has opened ahis subject of the Bible Society, and Un translations into vnrioiiH lan guages— ?ami nlnee tlio quotation from Leo XII.. has doubtlessly caused numbers, of pious ladles, of a cer tain age, to ralso. their eyes' to, heaven' and ejaculate many devout sayings respecting the . said very irre verend observations, I will cite, for their further cdl fication, tbo judgment on this Society' passed by otlur witnesses, perhaps jnora competent to, give evidenco respecting the mischievous effects produced by it thnn even Pope Leo :— ' Surely it is enough to make the Christian’s blood run cold to think of the sacrilegious presumption of a Society which dares thus to tnm per and triflo with tho revelation of the Almighty ; and dares publish to the heathen, and attempt to pawn npon its credulous supporters, thoso schoolboy exercises of its agents an the sacred Word of God. It Is tho circulntionof such translations as theso, that, morif than onco'nttho meetings of the Society, have been? blasphemously compared to the miraculous gift of tongues. And such a system is supported, and such comparisons applauded, by many who, on other occifsions lay claim, nnd justly, to diameters of piety and Intelligence.' — Appendix to lleasons why I am not a Member of the 'Bible. Society, by the Honorable nnd Uoverend Phil. Arith. Percivnl, Cha plain iu Ordinary to His Majesty. .' Now for a sample of tbo doings of tho, Society. Tlio Welsh translation was so incorrect that no use could.be made of.it. Tho Turkish, Dr. Henderson owns' to be incapable of defence. Tho modern Greek was written in such a strange language that it could not bo understood. In November, 1H2'2, the Irish Society passed the fol lowing condemnatory resolution on the Irish trans lation of the British and Foreign Bible* Society :— ? ' Resolved, That niter a full enquiry, tbo Members of this Society feel satisfied that material nnd very numerous errors exist in tho version of tho Now Tes tament edited by the British mid Foreign Bible So ciety.' 'With the exception,' say tho Qnarterly Reviewers, ' of three or four individuals, not ono of those who have been employed, under the aunpiccs of tho British and Foreign Bible Society, cither in translating or editing tho Scriptures, has received tin) beneftt nf a regular und learned education ; whence, their existing versions will bo remembered hereafter only for the errors, nnd blunders which disfigure. them.' '' It haa oven.' tbev add. 'been onenlv nmi-rcpc-atcuiy assorted, tune among me lorcmusi m the Society's Continental supporters, appear many Individuals notorious for entertaining heretical or in fidel opinions ) whenco, tho persons in question have succeeded in making serious Innovations in the re ceived versions.' With truth, Sir, Popo Leo ob serves, ' there is just ground to fear, that In nil tho translations it may bo discovered, as it hns been found in thoso already examined, that, by bad trans lation, It in found to bo, instead of tho gospel of Christ, tho gospel- of men— or rather that which U ' worse, tho gospel of devils).' , Now,\iu this appre hension, nnd in this censure., tho Sovereign Pontiff is ?' \n tho comp/niy of the High Church Gentlemen of tho Quarterly* Review, and of other most staunch Protestnnts. Of tho cighty-flino new translations of tho Scripture,1 there Is»ri6t so inuoh as one even^ to lerably accurate- — ' wUonuo their existing versions (ofttho lllblc Society) will bo remembered hereafter nnly'for tlio ?crrora and blunders whicli disfigure thorn I' . And theso aro tho writings, It is expected, the Catholic Church wllWaknowlcdgo to bo the in spired Word of God, and recommend as such to the perusal of her children I Thus, Sir, in the languago of Dr. Doyle, ' tho types sweat, tho press teems— vessels are freighted for this Society. It drives nn immciMO trade, profitable no doubt to ninny, In Bibles and Mls«lonarleu. Fortunes aro made for tho printers and booksellers, secretaries, and functionaries nnd agonts, and pawnbrokers s these bo they to whom tho Society is Indeed of profit. In the mean while, has tho Society converted a single tribo or notion to . tho faith ? No, not one— nud what is more, it in Impossible thoy ovur should.' Kxoubo tho paren thetical observation. Now, Sir, wo will tako a review of tho translations which had preceded tho transla tions of tho Illblo Society. To begin with that oC Luther— tho foromost man of tho Reformation — hn translated tho Scriptures. Let us hear the testimony ofhiB brother reformer, ZulngliuH, respecting this translation. Ho stigmatizes him nR « afoul corrupter ami horrible- falsifier of God's Word— one whojollauinl the Matcionite* and Ariant—that ra-.nl mil »i»* !'---«? ' (./' Holy Writ as were against him*. In bis New testament alonu not less than 1,100 corruptions of tho text wuro noted by StnphyhiH and Kmscrus. Not only did this man, who is suiil to havo brai tho deputed of God lo reform 1.1m world, thus re-mrm God's snored Word according to bis -iwu fancy! moreover, he fnhijml tbu text. Imputed justlco tu tho cmtlre exclusion or good works, h tlio fun damental principle of Luther's theology. Not only did hi. reject the lipUtlo of St. Jninw, whloh destroys this most dangerous tenet, profanely '♦'iSuiiijjII. t(J'n '? ml Lulhl 'bt dl S forming it a '/ daffy fradact'um ' Snvwi/i/ of an; it Apostle i' but, to havea direct proof from Scilpture, ' /he inserted tho word alone to the text of St. Paul, in .Romans 3, 28 s— W« 'account a man- to be justified by faith alonk teithmutjhe. works of the law. Ac cused of this presumptuouB innovation on the inspired Word, hear his defence fi—' SicVolo, sio jubeo — so I will, ao I command. £«- toy will be (intend of reason, Luther will have it so. The word axonb mmst remain , in him New Testament. AU!»ough oil tk» Papist* ru» '^mad, they shall not talto it thence. It grieves mo ?4hat I did not ndd also those other two words — Omnibus and omnium — withouta// works, of all laws.' Zninglius gave also his translation of tho New Tes tament. As Luther had, introduced tho word alone into the Epistle of St. Paul — to justify his doctrine of, imputed justice, so Zuiuglhm ? inserted a word to meet his. hew idea of the figurative presence in the Holy Sacrament. The words— St. Matt. 24 v. 2G— thhftumy body, Hoe eat corpus ineum— ho translated; tMifygnlfi** my body. ? Whereupon Luther returned the civilities ofZuinglius by rejecting his translation, calling him and his Divines, fools, : apes, antichrists, nnd Sccoivers. Calvin of course had his translation - — of Rh merits the learned Mbltneus thus speaks-— Cnlvithiif-hi* harmony- vtakes the text of the .gospel: fa leap lip and dawn. He uses violence : to the letter' of the gospel and besides, this, adds to the text — liisua Transht. Nov Test: 'Art., 12. 'And the translations of snbh men, forsooth, ' wo are invited to receive as tho inspired word of God t — So far for. the foreign translations. Wo w'. now turn our attention to the translations into the English languuuge. : I shall pass by that of Tyndalintho time of Henry VIII.|— in the New Testament alone— ^two thousand corruptions .were noted by. . Bishop Tuns till. Then we hayc Cranmer's Bible in lfl-IC — the Geneva Bible' in 1557 and ISfiO- — and.tlie Bible emphatically called the Bishops Bible in 1572, and in other editions.' Now this translation was'approved and authorised by tho samo powers spiritual and secular that give autho rity to tho. present authorised version of tho Church of England, which authority it is insinuated Catholics' ought to respect. In this translation tho word Church is; supplanted by the word, conurbation— for idols, images are substituted,. for irudUiims, ordinances.), I. iiieed not observe . there iwas a meaning' in their pro ceedings. Lest'liowcveiCUmny be supposed that the Catholic eye;is 'prejudiced, we will receive tho tcsti mony of Protestant authorities on the corrupt state ofthcuc translations. In an abridgement presented by the ministers of the diocese of Lincoln, to King Jnmes, they denominate the English translation, a translation that tuketh atiuixi from the . text, that addeih to the text, a translation, which is absurd and stnsetts*, perverting in mnntl places the moaning of th» ? Holy Ghost. Mr. Brougiiton in his letter to the Lords of the Council, stigmatizes the English. trans- lation na full of error!.- And in his advertisement of corruptions, lie plainly tells the Bishops (Ant their public translation nf scriptures, inlo- 'English, is such, «» that it, perverts the. teit. of .the . Old Testament in eight hundred and fiirty-eipht jilnces.'and that it causes millions, and millions tit. reject the New Testament and to run inio.ctefnul Homes. ThisiMr.'Broughton, it' Is, ' remarked, was,-' brio of tho ihoro1 sjealous sort of Pro-' It's tun ts.—King. Tames the Royal Divine, complained, that he never »aw a bible well translated into. English— ... M for.; this '.Geneva Dibits he pronounced that ' the waflrst o' a'. '',y. The character of these English Pro tcHtaut translations, is thus described by a modern writer of eminence, D'lsraeli.. ' Our English bibles were Buffered to be so corrupted, that no books over swarmedwith such innumerable errata.' y These errata were in great part voluntary omissions, interpolated pntssages and, meanings, reformed and forged for* certain purposes'— Or as Dr. Brpughtdn would say-— '^ 'There was a meaning in' these!, proceedings.' I think Sir, painful though it mny be, /Candour will ac knowledge that Leo XII., had just cause for the* censure and caution expressed *,in the adduced ex-f tract — Respecting the present authorised vcrsldn of the Church of England,. I shall only observe, that the kuthority which has sanctioned it, sanctioned the trnnslatlous on which tho severe censures I havo 1 noted were passed— I will not draw tho obvious con clusion. When the translation op the scripture by tho Reverend Missionaries 'to,pur Aborigines is com-; pletcd, we may . perhaps. bo called upon to revereit also, as the inspired word' of Odd, together with the versions for the use 'of tlie'Bootliians and other Ks 'quimaux. In tlie'mean'while, : Candour may derive \- comfort from the sentiments expressed by DK^Norrls, Lin his letter to Lord Liverpool.—'1 We conscientiously Ijbelieve the Bible Society to bo fraught with ' danger ? [not only to our own church, but to the best interests ? of Christian truth and unity throughout the world.' ,' The current of public opinion' observes the Kev. ! Mr. Cnllnghnn, has already set -' In against the Estn. ^blishcd Church ; and the Bible Society, whether the , prelates will see it or not, is unquestionably converted into an engine for its destruction. Bishop 'Marsh - expresses a similar opinion — Seo inqniry, p. o'l. ? The Socinianu, observes tho British critic, lire so con;, vinced that tho tendency of the /Bible Society is hostile to tho church, ; that -they are willing even though it circulates the 'authorised version of the Scriptures, to give it their support. .' , Thus, Sir, by Protestant ^authorities are preceded and confirmed the observations of Pope Leo XII. respecting the tendency of the Bible Society and its ?false, and corrupt, mid schoolboy translations. His 'just and emphatic denunciations of 'Scriptures per .verted to deceive and destroy are founded on good sense and experience. The'. Bible delivered to her children by the Church of God, nud accredited by her authority to bo tho insplredjVolumeof the Divine re velation, ought to be received with veneration, read .with reverence and humility not to be expressed ;and deposited when not in use In an ark of cmliir lined with gold. That which man or any set of men not having authority from'' God, or not authorised by those having authority, from Him, havo sent, can only bo received its tho word of man. That tm'nula. tiou which has knowingly perverted the senso of the | original, and is sent forth to the world as tho word of God, whereas it is men's own word corrupted to their own purpouuK, merits! contempt an a vilu imposture, mid is treated with too much honour when convoyed l.ivitli a pair of tongs into n hole mado for its recep tion — after the fashion of the poor peasant mentioned by J. K. L. qn whoso dovotcd hend the pious and gentle of tho Bible Society' have poured out so fro luuntly their indignation. ' ' ' I hnve tho honor to be, 'Sir, '? ? '*.,,? '??-?? Your most obedicnt'Servnnt, ? CATHOLICUS IPSE. ? -prom t. Germ, fol/lil. . :-.'?- 