Xtty ZZonorable Friend Bob. (From tha New Mimthtii Mas«*int.) It was at u pubho 'school' that I first becamn ne quaintod.with mv friend Uoy Uurnnbv ; ho was then a little round-faced, curly-pn ted boy, about tun years of age ; and I, beinjr two years bia* senior, nnd tbc'ro existing somo lnliranoy uotwoen our parents; ho was' pu.1 under my especial, promotion. Bobby had been' o spoiled child (tho only ono possessed by Mr. nnd Mrs. Buranby.) and until his tenth voor the world Lad boon to him a world of piou nnd tarts, of comfits and comforts ; his will bad boon tbe regulator of the' patornal , mansion', and liis pleasure the main' object promoted by his mother. ? Alt this. ended (that is, as fur as the young gentlo. man's residence at liarnnby Hall wus concerned) in those roots of nil evil, indloness nnd ignorunco : and some- rash and glnring nets of insubordination having brought .upon Dob s head the wroth of bis father (whoso lieud, byo the by, wns more in error than ? his son's,) rho young ruprobnto hud sudden notico to quit ; nnd in spite of tho troats, ontrenties, nnd hysterics of, Mrs. Hurnaby, .Iio was immediately 'borno off the academic shades suporinte'ndod by tlio Ileverend Dr. Uearpepper. , I soon1 boenmo very fond of Bob; wo naturally fool attached to tliosio who cling to us for support, and everything was so now to him, poor fellow, that without mo he was miserable, iiy day and bv night Le was miy: appendage; ho ant on tho-nmo form, at the snmo desk, casting up his. little sums,, or writing liis littlo exorcises; and lit night his bed was close to inino, and ho usod to talk to mo about pupa nnd ninrati, and tho big dog Fompey, till ho talked liimsolf to sloop. At that very early ago Bob bnd n'cc|uirod o tnsto for oxtrnvnganco; bis money niways burned a'holo in bis little' breechos pocket, and wfion it wns gonomnnv.n shilling' did bo borrow of mo, and moru did bo owe to Mrs. Puffy, tho fut vender of pastry, whose residenco was' down tlio streot.' These promnturc extravagances, petty ns (hey certainly wore, or courso led to lltllo dilllcullies ; nnd perhaps tho worst result likely to nrise from oarljr embarrassments is, the Jin hit of fibbing, und making n mystory and a concealment of troubles, which nothing' but candour could rnully remedy.— And thus it was' with Bob; had I not loved him; nnd been .o, real frlcml; lio would' UnVo for fo; ted my friendship n hundred times ; so often did ho borrow, so often did he promise repayment, nnd so often did lie forgot to fulfil tho promisoa he voluntarily m-ido. But no, -I wrong' him, 'ho did not forgot ; 1 nhvnya saw that ho felt infinitely more annoyed than I did, when bo stood before me a defaulter, and his flushed cheek nnd 'moistened oyos provod 'that Iio endured humiliation, and that ut .'heart' Lit was ovoa then tay honourable friend. ' '..'? .; ' . ? . At sixteen' I left Dr. Reurpopper'a pstabliubment, and many wore tho tears, that poor Dob shed' at my departure : he suid nothing about tlie nino tliillings and fourpence that he owod mp, but when I stiid, ' Bob, be suro you writo to me;' 1 suspect that' he almost expected ide to any 'and don't forgot to enclose tho money.' ,? ?? ? : ' .During my residenco at Oxford wo never met ; at first our interchange of lottors was froquent, nnd the style of our communications most nIFeotiondte; but gradually a change enmo over tho spirit of our dream, and far. a whole year I heard nothing of him. At length, by the coaoh camo a splendidly bound copy of o work which ha knew to be my favourite, nnd in the title page was written my nomo, and underneath thq words 'from bis affectionate and gruteful friend. Bob.'.. -.- . ; . ?? ? - ??? ' -?? .-. ? v ?.? ??--.?_ .'f Yes,' thougfitl, as I read the inscription, ' and : still tbou art my honourable friend.' Bob, after to long a periodibnd elapsed, was naturally nshnmod to send me the few shillings which ho owed mo, but ho bould not be hnppy till ho had spent mn'ny pounds on . a gift which was intended to repay mo. With this' parcel I received' n letttoV nniiotineing his having entered the army, and adding thut he was about to join his regimen f, which was then on n foreign sta tion. . Ho entreiitod mo not to suppose from his long silenoo that ho bad forgotten me ; und in short, there was so much warmth of heart in the whole lotter, that .Bob-was reinstated in my'good graces, nnd I wroto him a most affectionate' reply, assuring him that wheuevorwo met Tie would find me unaltered. After quitting Oxford, I travelled on the continent for many mouths,. and, on my ro turn to England I found my friend Bob at an hotol-in liond-streot, nnd in every sense of the word 'a gny man about town.' jOurs^was'.nioro like tho ro-uiiion of boys fiftor a summer's .vacation, than tho meeting of men who had seen fomdtbiiiK of the world ; wo could only, talk : of. the piist, of frolic, und of fun ;: nnd wbilo arm in arm we' ruiiged tho strcots of the wost end, wo laughad utmost us much/ and were really nearly as thoughtless as.tbe..clnys when together tvorungod tho pluyground of old Hcnrpepper.' '.' ' ' ; Whatever I may linvo been, Bob was indeed un cbangod..; and not alone in spirits and temper, for I soou found that his o!d hnbits had grown with his growth, and strengthened with his strength. Hu still retained his swoot tooth, nnd daily did ho lend mo into Gun tor's or Grange's, (nay often into both in turn), and thoro I 'saw him indulge, us ho usod of old, in tbo bnuitntton of Mrs, PutVy; tlio only dif foronco was that his dninties woro »omewhnt more refined, arid moro expensive ; for, alas! I Boon saw that the old injunction, 'l-'ut it down to my bill,' had by no moans' fallen into disuse. I also saw with regret thut all other tradespeople waro most ini pttrtially dealt with by Uob in tlio snmo way; and I saw him take possession of trinkets, coats, hats, and boots, without sonsidorlng it roquislto to tako bis purse out of his pocket. Now, I know that Uob would ovontunlly, in rill probability, .bo exceedingly well off, but I greatly doubted bis having it then in his power to pay for one fourth of tho valuable artiolos vliloh I saw him so un ceremoniously tako possession of. 1 one day ven tured to speak to him on tho subject, nnd from his ombitirassed manner, and tho dueponod colour iu his cbook, I saw that. he felt tho truth of what I snid } but I soon found that with tha old error, ho still re tained the old habit of (lulling to endeavour to con* ceal it J nnd the consequencu was thut we spent our evening together with tilor/roKprvo thin usual. The next morning 1 forgot all thut hud passed, for Hob ran to my bedsido to inform me thut ho vrus ordered to India, and must learo London in n day or two i ho showed mb his letters, and it was evident thut ho must prepare for bis immediate- dopnrturo. Wo breakfasted toguthor, and during tho repast tho waiter was continually presenting him with wnfered notes, nnd it appeared that aoveml persons hnd called very earnestly wishing to see him. I hnd my sus picious about these visitations, but said nothing. Immediately nfter breuftfust Uob took -niy arm, nnd requested me to wnlk with him; und nf tor pusjiug through several streots und squares in unusual si lence, and with an appearance of ugitution in his manner, he suddenly addressed mo. ?? Thero is no alternative,' said be, ' I must go.'1 '.You must indeed, Uob' I rouliod, 'uulessyou are detained.' , , 'Detained!' said Dob, blushing, ' bow do you meohl' ' lJnrdon.me,'I nnsn-orod, 'butroally fow young men could go on at) you hnvo Intely done, and bo Srepared for a dopnrturo so sutldjn ; now, mv dear iob, you know, whnt my finances nro; you know I have hterully nothing to spnro, but if knowing this, you think '1 'can be of temporary use- to you, com mand me.' Uob graspod' my arm, and his eyes wntorod', but ho was ashamod .to own tho extent of his incum branct-s ; he therefore liustily nnswored — ' This is liko yourself, my dear friend, nnd at this moment you may indoed servo mo by putttnsr vour name to a bill.' ' Not of lnrgo amount, Bob, I trust!' ' No— yes — lnrger, I fear, than ? ' '? If it b'n a large sum, Bob, you know that if vour draft is not honored when it is duo I ahull go to prison instead of you.' ? ? ' Never,' said Bob, with a fervour and nn evi donoo of. deep fouling which I could not distrust. '..Well, then, what is tbo sum?', said I. ' First lot mo tell you some circumstnncos which press heavily on my lionrt,' said Bob ; ' not hero ? come. with mo thin way.' 'And in solemn silence he lod mo to Park- lane. 'V What can all this moani' suid I, at lust, i ?? Husb I' said Uob, '? you see that houao V And. he pointed to n very, handsomo nnd well appointed mansion. Two footmen in splendid liveries' were standing nt tbo iloor, receiving cards from the window of a coronote'd carriage. ' See tho house 1' I replied ; ' to be suro I do ; and what then 1' ' That house is owned by one of tho richost com moners in Kngland.' ' I should think so,'. I answered. - 'lie bus an only daughter,' added Bob. And again I answered, 'What then V ' l.ara ashnmud of having concealed nil' this so long from bo derir a fricnd-' murmured Bob. 'All what?' , ' Uut tho secrot wns not my own.' ' What secret 1 'That lovely girl I' . . . - ',' ^Pon -ny wotd, Uob,' I oried, 'you put me out1 of all patience.' ', ' I baro won that girl's affeotions.' ' Tho heiress I' suid I. i ._ i '.She loves mo,!' whispered Uob. . . . ' ', _ '?? ftJy dear fellow,' 1 exclaimed, ' tbis is news1 indoed. You have no occasion for assistance- from n.poorfollow,lilca roe.' , . ' Oh I' said Uob, 'you havo not hoard all ; sho lovos mo — to mhdn.ess loves mo — poor dour girl ! — Uut. rich ns her futhar is, wuro ho to suopose that I am involved, he would forbid tbo match.'1 'A very sensiblo old man.' VThat may bo ; but there is another obstacle— my rank. Clara will not consent to mnrry anything below a Captain.' 1 could not ropross a laugh. . ' 1' is n foible, perhaps,' said Hob, rather piqued'; ' but it is hor only ono, nnd I mnst humour it; but my promotion depends On my going to India, ond — ' ' .Woll, well,' said I, ' 1 understand nil this, but toll mo at onoo what you wish me to do for you ?'' ' To-put your nnmo to a druft for one hundred and ninety .pounds,', faltorod Bob. . ?' :? ' ftloroy on mo ! whnt n sum I' said I ; ' however, it must bo 'done, and whon Ibo draft becomes due — ' ' I, will honorably pny it.' ' If not, to prison 1 go ; and now let us return to our hotel.' ' One moment,' said Bob, ' I lovo to look at tbo bouse.' ' At tho crisket wbioli contains tbe gem?' snid I. 'Yes, nnd for your suko too 1 lbva to look nt it loiisoo tho3o three windows shaded with sky-blue silk curtnins ? Oh 1 such a little room thut is ! und that room 1 nlwnys menn to bo your own exclusively, when I nm master of tho mansion. Such a room 1 tho furniture so oxquiaito ! and such u viuw of the park ! But como, wo'il talk that over whilo we uro nt dinner.' Beforo that meal wns half finishod, Dob seemed, quite to have recovered his spiriu ; nnd I could not .help suspecting that us tho prospuct of an immediate separation did not spom to depress him, he loved the lady loss than ho loved her gold. ' . ..'.'I cant imagino, Bob,' said I, 'when you con trived to win your divinity; you nnd I have been for months almost insopnnibta, and — ' ' 'Ask no questions,' anid Uob, ' tbo secret is not my own..' , . *.. : ' Nqt- entirely, certainly,' I replied, 'so 'I will not iutorrogato you further. Is sho to inherit that hoiiee in Purk-lnnp from her fntbor?', .- ,-i ?- : 'To bo suro sho is j'and such a house'it is I and* itbat room which 1 mount for you 1 you nro fond of a hotbnth?' . .. : '.Very.1^ ' ??? _ : ; ' ? ' Tbere is n sky-bluo silk sopha in that room, ,nnd ;wlienybu_touch a spring, it flies up (I don't exactly ?know how), nnd turus into tho most delightful white' marble, bath !'.':. ' ,; ' - ? ?'??-. i ' How'yoryinice!' suid I. . ...'; ?:'. . .-- ' Yestnnd so very coinploto ! threo cocks.' - : 'Throe 1' suid 1 ; two you mean.' ; ? , ?'? No, no, tbreo,' replied Bob ; ' one ? for 'hot ' water — '. ?? ? . ?. , ?.«?.; ' Yes,' said I. . ; 'And one for cold — '' ' ? '' ''Well, thai makes two,' said I. ? ' . ?/?' ;'?.'.' i ' Andone/'snid Bob, ' for cuu-de-Colog nt.' ~ ' In tho'ovoning I put my name to Hob's druft, nnd tho next morning we purtod with mutual oxprossions of regret. , . . ... \- I missed him sadly, and it so, happened that nftor he went, muny untoward circumstances occurred, whioh having first mnterinily lowered my resources, noxt ed'ootuully lowered ray spirits, and I used to saunter through our old haunts looking like tbe ghost of his companion. ; : '?-. , When bo was gono, T bncamo acquainted with many circumstanced conneoted with his expenditure whioh perfectly astounded me ; und 'at tho end of bur months (oxuotly two months, before it was to becorao due) I bnd every reason to doubt whothor tbo .draft for ono hundred nnd ninety pounds would evor bo, paid.' I was conscious of my own uttor inability to nhy.it ;: and I thorofora existed fora week or two in u state of jnontul excitement not to bo described. Ono doy after brenkfust I salliod forth more dolorous thnn usual, and nfter wandering about for some tkuo.ifouiid myself in i'nrk-laue, opposite, tbo identical mansion lnlinbilod by Bob's intended. '.'Ah I!1 thought 1, 'were Bob now in possossipn )f thathouso, nil- would go well with us ; bis hoart'is in tho right place, poor follow, but alas! before ho puts me iu possession .of that sky blue, apartment,, with tlm.bot watar, nrid- tlio cold, 'nnd tha eawite Cologne, I may be in prison and my namo disgraced.' , As I looked towards tbo balcony of the drawing room, I saw a fomnle watering somo geraniums ; and suddenly turning her head towards me, she seemed to recognise my person, and gave me a familiar nod. I soon discovered it was my old friend and near connexion Airs. Simmons, and beckoning mo to tho window, she oxolnimod, ' Oh I I'm delighted to soo you— we only onme to town yestorday— -wo nre on a visit to Air. Moleswortu— pray como in, and I'll introduce you.' ..-.-.. \- I knooked nt the ball door in a state of mind not to bo desoribed — tho hall door of n houso in which I (by anticipation^ ulreody possesiud u room of my own, with sky bluo ourlnlns, nud a bath overflowing with enu-do-Coldgno 1 -1 walked up stairs/ and my friend Mrs. Simmons roooivod mo nt tho drawing room door, nnd hitroduood mo to Mr. Moleswortu (an old gentleman in a nnir of gouty shoos) nud his only daughter (a lovely fair-haired girl of about eightoon.; ? In this family I spent iriany happy days ; and being, though unknown to hor, so well acquainted with the Bocrot of- tho young lady's bontt, I boonnio more In timate with hor than I could have beon with any one olso without incurring tlio imputation of ' sorious ntontions.' In this instnnco, however, my know lodgo of the fair hoirom'a ongngomunt to onothor porson made mo fool purfoctly nt my enao ; nnd we )ocame tho tnlk of nil our acquaintances, without my being tho leust awaru that wo woro ungagod evon in n little flirtation. To my utter astonishment, Mrs. Simmons enmo to mo. ono day (it was the duy before tlml on which Bob's draft was to becomo due) nnd with n knowing look naked mo why I was so out of spirits) I gave an uvualvo reply, for I did not choose to own the pultry pecuniary difUculty which was throatoiiing to ovorpower mo. ' Nonsense,' sui«l Mia. Simmons; 'go boldiy and make your offor ; your connexions are unexceptiona ble, and wbatovor, your present income may ho, your prospects are excolleut; besides, slia has enough for both.' ' And pray,' 'I repliod, *'wbo do you moan -'by 'Miss Molosworth, to bo sure,' snid my,frfond, ' I nro suro sbu is uttauhed to you, nnd—. — ' ^ ' You know nothing ubout it,'' said Ii '. foil can tell rjieu that— — ' .1 hrsituted, for I had no right to betray Bob's secret. ' Well,' said Mrs. Simmons, 'hero sho comes, and I will lenvo you together.' With thoao words exit Mra. Simmons nt ono door, nnd at tlio ? same momout enters Miss Moles'worth at the other. 'What is tha maltur?' snid tlio young Indy. earnestly, 'you, seem agitntad ] what has happened 1' ' Aro' wo nlone?' Bnid I; after a pause. 'It is better thnt I sbonld bo explicit.' Miss Moleswortu stnrted, coloured, and oast down her eyes. Had I been a frjvourod lover on the point of making my avowal of nttnohmont, sho could not have beon more embarrassed. ' Do not bo alarmed,', said I, ' I am Bob's best friend, and, I know your secret.' ' My secret!' cried Miss Molosworlh. ' Yes, dear ludy,' I answorod, ' 1 am, as I told you before, the intimate friend of Dob.' ' Of UobJV tfaid she. ?'.Yes,'- 1, answered, taking her hand, ' I'm Bob's old schoolfellow.' ' And pray sir,' said sho, withdrawing lier hand, 'who is, Uob.' ' Do not distrosi yourself,' I whispored, ' do not think it necessary to conceal nny thing from mo ; -beforo he loft 'Hnglnnd Uob told mo all.' 'All what,' oried Miss Moiesworlb. N '' Yo'ur mutual attachment— your engagement,' I /eplied. . , ? Miss Molesworth started up, colouring crimson : at first she could not artio'iilnto, but at last sho. said, ' I -know not, sir, to what I nm to attribute- this con duct. I hnvo boon attached to no one — ongugod to no one — I know not of whom it is you speak. I hnd ' considered you, sir; in tho light of a friend ; but now sir, now—' , , * Shu could say no moro, but sunk on a chair bosido mo in a flood of tears. A mist nt tlio moment foil ffom my oyos ; 1 saw at onco tlio full extent of Hob's unpardonable falsehood, and the distressing certainty flashed on my mind, that his draft would bo dis honoured. Mrs. Simmons entered nt tho niomont, nnd found ua both apparently plunged into tho depths of despair. , Miss MoleBworth was in an instant woeping on hor shoulder, and bolero, a quarter ofnn hour hnd olnpsod, without my knowing exactly how it linppdnod, I found myself breathing forth vows of lovo to the young lady, and exulting in my discovery. that hor cngugoinont with my friend Bob was a fublo. , 'Bliss Mole's worth reforrod me- to her' fnthor, but I road in bar lnrgo blue oyes that she did not dislike mo ; I tli'erefore rotirod to bod tbnt night full of lovo und hope, nnd dronmt of driving 7ny wifo.in a chariot drawn by six dragons, over the mauglod body of Bob Burnaby. Tho noxt morning my first thought was thnt of my approaching interview with Mr!- Molesworth ; but, alas I it wns soon followed by niy recollection of Bob's draft, and the too grout probability that, before night, I should bo in durance vile for the amount. My own resources wero nt the moment inadequate to meottlie demand, hnd could I ask n rich man to let mo marry hia dnughter, nnd expoot that his first act. would, bo , to pay ono hundred and ninety pounds to extricate mo from a prison I At length I mado up my mind to 'walk to Bob's bankers, nnd ut once ascertain tho worst; I did so, nad on my arrival wns astounded nt boing informed by n clork that ' Mr. Uurnaby had provided funds for tho payment of his druft.' So far 1 had wronged my honourable friond ; and I wns thoreforu ablo to uppoar in l'urk-lnno in excel leht spirits. ' .«« Tlio cou'rse';Of my ' true lovo*' did, for n wonder, 'run smooth.' nnd nil our prelimina ries having been, finally nrrnngod, the Molusworths loft town for tho family seat in Wilshlro, and 1 rn mnined toarrnngo some lognl and other muttors which would in nil' probability dotnin mo for a couplo of months. I was sitting in my. own room rather out of spirits tho morning nftor mv true love's departure, whentho door O]ienad,- and in camo Uob'! Mo was so ovidently'dolighted to soo mo again, 'that I could not help receiving him kindly. Jlo spoko of Ilio obligation I hud conferred on liim previous to his dnparturo ; and nfter frankly acknowledging tlu- gra tification 1 had ft! It at his punctuality, I snid — ' And t now, Uob, thnt you hnvo the rank of Captain, nothing' ' can intorpo3o to prevent your mnrriago.' , ' My mnrriogo!' said Uob. blushing nil over. ; '' Yes,' I replied, laughing /it my sleeve ; ',' yous marriage with tbo heiress of J'ark lane I' ' ??' . ' ??? Oh.!' cried Bob, starting from his chair and pressing my hand, ?' novor — never I entreat you mention thut subject again.' .' Why so?' said I. 'It is -all off,' sighed Uob. ' O(l'!';Icxcluimed. ' Yes.' said Bob ; ' the trnitross! — but I cannot spenk on the subject — novpr namo it nguin.' ] I of course 'promised to*obfly him, arid for. somo (lays wo cnjoyodoursolvos very much in the old way. One morning he camo to main ronl dUUrdss, and told me that his tailor hnd throntoned to nrrost him for tho* amount of his bill; I ofTored to go und speak to tho man, and ondcayour to* pcrsuadu 'him to give Bob time.' '?'? ' ? ' If. he wilLonly give mo a month,' said Bob. J '^We'll,' I roplied,.'1! can but try him }' and awny I went. ; ... . ;, ? .... * The tailor was inexorable ; but he told mo that if 1 wouldibeco'me responsible for tho'paymont of the debt in a month, ho would consent towuit: if not, bo was determined to nrrost Uob that day. - I hesi tated for a momont, nnd .then recollecting bis prompt payment of tho hundrod and ninoty pounds, i mndo myself rosponsibto for tho tiinount of tho bill, and then: returned, to congratulate my friond. When I hnd told him- what 1 had dono, iio started up and exclaimed, 'You do not moan it, you oannot havo mado yourself rasponsiblo for tbe amount of that fullow's bill 1' = . ??;,- 'I have, 1 assure you,' said I. , ' ' ' Then,'1; snid-Uob, 'you will have to pny it ; 1 shall not have the monoy mysolf— I never nskad you to incur tlio responsibility — I nover expected it, and all I ennsny is, that you will havo to pny.' : 'My dear Uob,' saidl, 'it will not bo in my power— I am poculiarly situated ; at the ond of a month 'I v shull bo most particuinrly ongnged, land pnyinpr this will hu outof tiin question,' ' ' Still Uob 'protested thnt he had never naked me to become responsible, and it ended in his leaving me in a very ill humour. My engagements with legal persons employed me for days together in the City, and I saw very little of Bob. When we did meet, -my manner was cold and constrained, and it was not till within, n day or two of tho expiration of the month that I had time to tliink of the very inoppor tuno nnd annoying responsibility which 1 had in curred. That very dny'l met Bob, nnd spoko to him mbHt' earnestly nnd surioli.ily ubout Ibo payment; but ho sighed' most deoply— told moJiow muoh ho In monted my hnving engngad to maku tho payment, and pulhoticnlly homoaned tbo emptiness of his own pockets. Tho next morning I. called'on tha tnllor, earnestly requesting him to rontw the draft for n month, nnd .was thou -told that my honorable friend - had called thut vory day, nnd bad placed in his hands tha sum for which -I was responsible I ' 1 went Instnntly to call upon him, nnd ho rocoived mo with laughter, in whioh I could not resist joining, but I confess I laughed the inoro from tho recollection thnt. my hour of revenge was at bund. About a fnrtuiglit itf tonvnrds (the family of my. in tendod having arrived in town for the wodding, which was to tuke place tho next morning at St. Goorgo's Church, llanovqr square), Bob enquired, ' whnt it was thnt saemod to occupy mo from morning to night,, nnd why it wn« tbnt we so seldom met 1' ' My donr Dob,' aaid I, ' it has boen n secret, but I will now hide no secrets from you, — I am going to bo married to-morrow.' . ' Alurrlad to-morrow I' oried Bob ; ' tell mo nil about it — who is she 1 VVherb does she livo 1 Is sho pretty ? Is sbo rich ?' ? ? 'Thdro is no time,' snid I, 'to nnswor your questions at presont ; I dino with tho family nt six, nnd I mean to take you with me — go nnd druns, and in half nn hour I will call for you in a carriage. ' ' Whore does your intended live ?' said Bob, ns Wo drovo along Oxford-stroot. ' Time will show,' I ropllod. ? ' Where uro \vn going now,' said Hob, as tho carriago ini^do n suddun turn, ' Wo nro in Park-latin,1' Iroptlod. ' And tha ladv livos— 1' fulterod Bob. ' In i'ark-lnnn,' repliad I. Bob Bat in a stnto of evident confusion $ nnd when thu cnrringe Btoppod ut IMr. Molcswortli'd huimo, ho suid, ' 1 dororvo ttits — I nm qulln'aslmmod of my self— -come, como, turn book, and driro home.' ? ' By no means,' Vropiied. as tho-servnnt gavd'a thundering lthoolc at tho floor, and theft lot down the steps of tho carriage. “Why, you won’t go in!” cried Bob, as he breathlessly ran up the steps after me, and vigorously pulled at the tail of my coat. “Go in,” said I, “To be sure, and you will meet old friends, and show me the room with the bath, and the—” “You are going too far,” whispered Bob. I see my error—I uttered what was false—forgive me! But those servants, and tho' inmates of tho house, will think us mncl.' 'Not at all,' I ,'roplibd. ?? Spook the' truth in future, ns I have dono to you..' I pressed his hand, and led him up tho stairs V I saw that ho' was deprossed and humiliatod, nnd when wo got to tho dr.nving-rooin door ho murmured, ' and do they know it ? 1 cannot face them.' 'They know nothing,' I replied, 'and nevor ulinll know froni me anything discreditable to my honourable friend Bob.' ' ' I will never uttor a faisoliood ngairi ;' said Boh ; and I firmly bolioyo thai ho adhered to his resolution. ' T. II. B. 