CAPT. DAVIDSON, OF MUIRHOUSE. (From the Courier.) We formerly alluded to the re-appearance of Captain Davidson, whose death was notified in the newspapers about two years ago. The following singular and romantic details relative to this gentleman have reached us from authentic sources :- " Captain Davidson, who was formerly an officer in the army, succeeded his father in the valuable entailed estates of Muirhouse and Hatton, in the County of Edinburgh, some years ago. He was previously married, and the father of several children. After his suc- cession he mortgaged his life interest in the en- tailed estates so deeply, that he had almost no surplus, and his life was insured with various insurance companies to the amount of £18,000. He executed a deed or settlement of his affairs, to take effect at his death, in favour of Mr. Cun inghame, the present Solicitor General for Scotland, Mr. James Simpson, of the Scotch Bar, and Mr. Andrew Dun, writer to the Signet. "'In the summer of the year 1834 he passed some days at Herne Bay, and all the world be - lieved, as was intimated in the public journals, g that he was drowned there when bathing from the outer end of the pier. " His body was never found, but his clothes were ; and the circumstantial evidence of his death was so strong that the insurance com- panies paid the £18,000, taking obligations from those to whom the payments were made to re- fund, and security from some of them to do so, in case of Captain Davidson's re-appearance. His eldest son was served heir by a jury before whom evidence on oath, as to the circumstance from which Captain Davidson's death was in ferrd, was laid. His son accordingly entered into possession of the entailed estates, borrowed £2,000 in that capacity, and granted bond over the entailed estate for the interest and premium of insurance on his own life. The trustees are comentéis to this bond, but have not joined in the oblig.iti >n for payment. The heir lcncwcd -"Wrf(as, r n I granted such conveyances of small pans or-»..^ ,. h Scotch entail' law allows. 1 he trustees praviuo» <.__ ,\,a younger children and widow in terms of the entail and settlement. In short, every thing went on as if Captain Davidson were dead. " More than six months ago, however, he communicated to his sister the fact of his being alive, first by letter, then by personally ap- pealing, but enjoined her to secrecy;' he after- wards came to Edinburgh in disguise, and ap- peared in the streets. It is said that lord Cockburn, one of whose sisters is Capt. Da ? vidson's step-mother, saw him on the earthen mound, in Edinburgh, and went home and told his wife that he (meaning himself) must be foing to die, as he had most assuredly seen Win. )avidson's ghost ; he ( Davidson ) afterwards sat on the parapet wall of the Prtnce's-strect gar- dens, for days, looking up to the windows of the house in winch his supposed widow lived, and looking at his children as they went out and came in. He also hovered about Murchiston Castle, where one of his sons is boarded. By these appearances he was at last detected. A ciiminal warrant was obtained ogainst him, ho lied, and has not yet been discovered ; his cre- ditors lm\e applied to the Court of Session for sequestration of the rents of his estate. The trustees merely appear, and say, '. Wo have never seen hitit, and do not know that he is alive, and lea\c the court and the creditors to take their own way." The trustees will not be-much if at all, involved personally.. The number of questions at law that this will give rise to is immense." ** PRESERVING GRAIN.-A discovery of con- siderable importance has been announced with regard lo preserving grain. To pteservc rye and secure it from insects and rats, nothing more is necessary than to fan it after it is thrashed, and then to stow it in the granaries mixed with chaff. In this state it has been kept more than three years without experiencing the smallest alteration/and even without the neces- sity of being turned to preserve it from hu- midity and fermentation. The experiment has not yet been made with any other kinds of grain, but they may probably he preserved in chaff with equal advantage. EXTINCTION OF ANIMALS.-This extraordi- nary law of nature, with which geology first made us acquainted, is perhaps, through the agency of man, in more active operation at the present time, than it has been at any period since the creation of our planet. Of this we have a striking instance in the fur trade. The animals that supply furs are pursued with un- ceasing hostility. Immediately after South Georgia was explored by Captain Cook, in 1771, the Americans commenced carrying seal- skins from thence to China, where they obtained the most exorbitant prices. One million two hundred thousand skins have been taken from that island alone since that period, and nearly an equal number from the island of Desolation! The number of the fur seals killed in the South Shetland Islands (S. lat. 63 deg.) in 1821 and 1822, amounted to three hundred and twenty thousand! This valuable animal is now almost extinct in all those islands. "From the most authentic statements, it appears certain that the fur trade must henceforward decline. The ad- vanced state of geographical science shows that no new countries remain to be explored. In North America the animals are slowly decreas- ing, from the persevering efforts and indiscrimi- nate slaughter practised by the hunters, and by the appropriation to the uses of man of those forests and the rivers which have afforded them food and protection. They recede with the Aborigines before the tide of civilization."— American Journal of Science. A very interesting work has been published in Edinburgh, under the title of the Autobio- graphy of Marten Luther, now first translated from the original by Mr. J. P. Lawson. It contains many new facts relating to this great renovator of religion and will be much prized by every member of the Church of Scotland, On Tuesday morning 11 shepherds from Lochaber, with 12 women, and a due propor- tion of collies or shepherd's dogs, left Inverness for Van Diemen's land. One of the Highland- ers learning in Lochaber that government had offered a bounty of £20 to all married men, and not being provided with a helpmate, set about supplying this deficiency. He had only three days to accomplish the task of courtship and marriage, and he met with two refusals. At length, on the last day he could remain at home, he popped the question to a decent young wo- man, who gave her assent. Her friends refused, but the parties got on board the steam-boat in the canal for Inverness, and were determined to be united. They had great difficulty in finding a minister to tie the knot; but as the vessel was passing through Gairlock lock, at 5 o'clock on Saturday morning, fortunately a clergyman came on board for a few minutes, and the cere- mony was performed to the no small joy of the parties, and the amusement of sundry English- men, passengers, who got on deck with night- cap and great-coat, to witness a marriage in Gaelic.-Inverness Courier, June 15. The Bishop of Bristol is to be translated to the seo of Ely. Dr. Butler is to have the see of Lichfield and Coventry, and Dr. Longley is to bo translated to Ripon ; but this last appoint- ment cannot take place till the bill is passed for completing the arrangement respecting the new sees. The Farringdon estate, near to Exeter, with a present income of more than £1000 a year, was sold to a rich alderman for 31,500 guineas ; this is independent of timber. The Buckland Fil leigh, in North Devon, with a present rental of ' moro than £900 a year, and on the fall of six lives an additional rent of near £300 a year was sold to Capt. Templer for 33,000 guineas ; the timber to be taken at a valuation, and is esti- mated at 12,000 to 14,000 cuineas. GEOLOGICAL SOCIETY_Mr. Lyell presided on Wednesday, Among the papers read were one bv Mr. A. C. Austen, giving ageneral account of the slates, conglomerates, shells, and fossil iferous limestone, which constitute the part of Devonshire lying between Evmouth and Berry Hoad ; another by Mr. Murchison, of fossils ob- tained at West Bay, Fernando Po, and Sierra Leone, by Admiral'Sir W. Butler, but strictly agreeing with shells of common occurrence at Lyme Regis. A third gave an account of Maria Island, on the east coast of Van Diemen's land, by Mr. Frankland, the Surveyor General pf that colony, and communicated by R. W. Hay, esq., Under Secretary of State. The island consists prin» ipally of ancient volcanic rocks, but at the northern point is a lofty cliff of limestone, com- posed almost entirely of oyster shells. Other papers by Sir P. Egerton, on a lofty bed of gravel and shells in Cheshire; and by Mr. Hun- ter, on the fossils of'the Yorkshire cliff; &c;, were read with applause.-Atlas, May 29. General Lord Ludlow is appointed to the 3rd regiment of Guards, vacant by the death of the Duke of Gordon. Lord Ludlow is a very old general oflicor, and has always been a steady and consistent liberal. He lost his arm vvhileserving with the Guards in Holland, and afterwards commanded a brigade of Guards throughout the campaign in Egypt. General Ross, now Go- vernor of Guernsey, is to have the vacant regi- ment, and Major-General Ellice is to be ap- pointed Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey in lils place_Atlas. Ex ti act from a private letter dated Gth June. -" Quito a sensation was produced this spring,, at the Zoological Gardens, Regent's Park, by a hatch of six emus out of 14 eggs I and which, we saw (as a favour) when they were about a month old." Anthony, King of Saxony, died on the 6th June, and is succeeded by Frederick Augustus.) Mr. James Mill, the distinguished writer died on the 24th June. Mr. James Duke, and Mr. Thomas Tcgg, are tho nowJShcriffs for the city of London. nie marriage-or tne~ixmg ar~Kapies~witir the eldest daughter of ardí duke Charles has boen finally decided on. The important discussion in the Commons, on the grand point of the appropriation clause in the Irish Tithe bill was not to como on till the second Monday of July. Dr. Charles Taylor, chancellor of Hereford, and head master of the grammar school of that city was killed by a fall from his chaise on the 22d June. , , The trial Norton v. Lord Viscount Melbourne, fot crim. con. came on in the Court of Common pleas, before Chief Justice Tindal on the 22d June. The jury, without a moment's hesita- tion, returned a verdict for the defendant. The matter appeared tobo a conspiracy on the part of his servants. The once celebrated Atibé Sioyes died at Paiis injune, aged88. He had been in a' state of idiotcy. Mr. Jeffcoic, late of Exeter, is appointed Judge at South Australia. I he Duke of Sussex had been seriously in- disposed, but was recovering. A sanguinary and decisive battle took place between the Mexican and Texian armies on the 21st April, in which General Santa Anna was taken prisoner, with 42 of his officers, besides 700 of his troops killed, 500 taken prisoners, 200 of them are wounded. On the part of his adversary, General Houston is wounded, 6 killed, and 23 wounded, many fatally. A violent storm produced great consternation in Philadelphia on the night of the 20th of April. The roofs of several houses were carried away; and on the following morning it was discovered that the whole of the new market-' place, to the south of the city, was entirely de- stroyed, nothing remaining of the entire build- ings but a wreck of fragments scattered over the ground. The Bank of Pensylvania has obtained a loan in gold_from England, of £1,500,000. An event,lias occurred at Constantinople that cannot be too much regre'ted. Mr. Churchill, while shooting at a quail, had the misfortune to wound a Turkish boy He was seized and thrown into prison. This severity was confirmed bv the direct order of the Rheis Effoudi, and afterwards of the Sultan ; and all the eflbrts of the British consul, the ambassador, and Lord Ponsonby, to procure the release of Mr. Church- ill, have" proved unavailing. Lord Ponsonby has withdrawn from all communication with the Rheis Effendi, and allied on the Porte to name another authority with whom he (Lord P. ) could conduct the business of his country. This breach of treaty was expected to lead to serious consequences. The Mexicans seem to have been completely successful in the Texas, and a horrible massacre was going on by Santa Anna against the Texians. Colonel Fannin and about sev onty men, in en- deavouring to join the main army, were inter- cepted and shot, although they had surrendered as prisoners of war. A party of about the same number, under the command of Colonel John- son, were also put to death, excepting four. The latest arrivals from Lisbon announce some slight changes in the Ministry. As now modi/led the Duke of Terccira has accepted the command of the staff of Prince Ferdinand, the Duke of Palmella is appointed Minister of Foreign AfTaiis, Villareal of War, A. J. Freiré of the Navy, and Rodrigo de Fonseca Magal haes of the interior The Cortes were to have met on the 23d, ana the Ministers expected a majority. Rumours are also in circulation of the Queen's being in what they call an interest- ing situation. The Marchioness Ficalhao, her Majesty's especial favourite, has been created a Duchess. The disturbances in the Tros-os Montes were far from being put down, and the inclination for rioting and disaffection through- out the country was fomented by the efforts of tlie Opposition, who had leagued themselves with the Miguelite party, for the purpose of embar- rassing the Carvalno Ädmixüstratioo. r ^ / / -^^-^/¿>-*&-iS*T~ ^^-^V^ The Messager saysihat the band of the Prin- cess Victoria has been demanded for the heredi- tary Prince of Orange; but, like the Princess Charlotte, her heart has selected a scion of the house of Saxe Cobourg; and that the King of England and the Duchess of Kent assent to the union, which will be celebrated us soon as eti- quette will permit. _ The Earl of Munster, it is expected m Ja- maica, will be appointed governor ofthat colony. The Emperor of Russia has sent to London an order for one thousand pair of flesh coloured silk pantaloons, for the dancers at St. Peters burgh and Moscow. Another death in the British legion, in conse- quence of wounds received in the action at St. Sebastian, has taken place. In addition to Col. Tupper and Lieut. Chad wich, Lieut.-Colonel Blitchell has also died. The Alien Oilice was to be discontinued from the 1st of July. On the 18th June the King dined with the Duke of Wellington ; the Prince of Orange was present. i Launceston Ship News, Oct. 27.-The Adelaide, from Hobart town to Port Phillip, put in from stress of weather and want of water. -Oct 29, the brig Stirlingshire, from Port Phillip, bound to New Zealand, put in from stress, of weather.-Same day, the Success, horn Sydney lo King George's Sound, put in from stress of weather, with tiller lost.-Oct. 31st, ar- rived the schooner Industry, from Sydney, with a general cargo, passengers, Mess's. W. W. Russell, W. Gardner, J. Williams, W. Mills, W. Smith, and Mrs. Smith.-Same day, the cutter Mary Ann, from Sydney, with a general cargo, passengers, Capt. Dewing, and Mr. W. Sncad.-Nov. 3, arrhedthe^schoonir i7cwi,from Hobart town.-Nov. 5, cleared the Eagle,'for Hobart town.-Nov. 4, the Guiana, fjr London passengers, Mr. Shot t, in the cabin, Messrs. Robots, Bolton, and Elliott in the steerage. The cargo consists of 140 bales wool, 17 tons bark, 1390 horns, 1600 palings, 4 cases curiosi- ties, 384 bundles whalebone, 327 casks whale oil,(171 tuns.)-Cornwall Chron. Launceston Corn Market,-The nominal price is 5s per bushel, at present that article has a mere nominal price. Merchants receive it in payment of accounts at 5s, at a cash pt ice it is unsaleable. The latest accounts from Sydney quote it at from 4s 6d to 4s 9d, barley maintains its price, 6s to 6s Gd, and oats from 4s Gd to 5s flour (fine) 20s. (seconds) ditto 17s per 100 lbs. ' -Cornwall Chron. \ A Sydney Herald of the "14th October re- ports the at rival in England of the following vessels fiom this port, John Dcnnhton, Mary, Capt. Jacks, Ann, Capt. Virtue, and the Isabella. The ships Norfolk and Jessie had arrived all well, from Sydney. The wool market was up. Some of the last year's clip of Thomas Archer, esq. fetched three shillings and one halfpenny per lb. Black oil was rather low, beinfc but .135 per ton, sperm oil was quoted at ¿£80, and whalebone at about .£120_Ibid. A foul murder was committed by an Euro- pean on a Native a few^days before the Stirling- shire, left1(27th Oct.) It appears that the Na- tive for some former offence was bound to a tree, and guarded by a man armed with a gun, but endeavouring by cooing to attract the atten- tion of liis tribe, the European deliberately shot him, first in the body, and afterwards through the head. The man has been committed, and will be forwarded to Sydney to take his trial. Cornwall Chron. (From a Correspondent.) ANOTHER ENTERPRISE ON FOOT.-The fact of the almost boundless extent of fine country that has oflate been discovered in the neighbourhood of Pott Phillip, by some of OUR enterprising co- lonists ; and the still greater extent that has been more recently travelled over by Major Milchen, ana tim vast extent touttu between Twofold bay and the south east angle of New Holland, has brightened the future prospects of the sheep owners. A field is now opened to their enterprise - and it was no sooner known, than a company was projected, to consist of 50 shares, with a capital of .£100,000. It is the intention of the company to devote the wh ile of the capital to the purchase of sheep and lan I, and the foi motion of the requisite establishments. The country selected is to the southward of Twofold bay. It is to be hoped that this com- pany w ill not be viewed with jealousy in the sister colony, as it cannot be otherwise than of advantage to all parties, managed as the esta- blishments will be by the most experienced per- sons, and on the most improved principle. There can be no doubt but this undertaking will meet with the support of the liberal Sydney govern- ment. 