______POLICE OFFICE, ______Tuesday, AUGUST 9, 1836. __Before W. Champ and J. Ogle Gage, ________Esquires. __The Office was crowded at an early hour with respectable persons, anxious to hear the case of Hackett v. Scott. Dr. Scott stood on the right of the Bench, surrounded by numbers of the most re- spectable individuals in town, and at- tended by Mr. Thomas Young as his coun- sel. On the other side stood Mr. Hackett with Mr. Rowlands, attended by Mr. Bar- ney Carron and a large portion of " the tail." __James Scott, Esq, Colonial Surgeon, stood charged with conimitting an assault and battery on the person of Mr. James Hackett, with intent to murder or do him some bodily harm. __Mr. Hackett' s affidavit being read, in which he stated that Dr. Scott had made an assault upon him on Wellington bridge, without any provocation. He was cross- examined by Mr. Young for the defence, and adhered to his original statement, and positively swore that he only repeated the expression, Richardson's ghost once, on passing Dr. Scott at the Ship Inn, Mr. G. Bilton being with Dr. Scott, and Mr. Brodribb with the witness ; that he, Mr. Hackett, walked along the street from the Ship Inn to the bridge, without repeating an oflensive expression whatever ; that Dr. Scott, who was walking close behind them all the way from the Ship Inn, came up to Hackett and said, do you mean to insult me—he (Mr. Hackett) replied, I wish to have no conversation with you, sir. To a second question he gave the same reply, and to a third he said, " pass on fellow," upon which Dr. Scott repeated the word fellow, and immediately assaulted him by striking him on the thigh, on which they closed for sometime until they were separated. He positively denied having made use of any other expressions to Dr. Scott than those above mentioned at the Ship Inn and on the bridge, when he was wantonly assaulted without any provocation. __Mr. Brodribb was then examined on the part of Mr. Hackett, and his evidence was. to the same effect ; he proved the ex- pression, Richardson's ghost, which Mr. Hackett admitted to have used at the Ship Inn, on passing Dr. Scott and Mr. Bilton. After this, he said to Mr. Hackett, " don't say any more, the Doctor is coming, and we shall have a row ;" that he and Mr. Hackett walked along the street to Wel- lington-bridge, and that during the whole way Mr. Hackett did not repeat the above words, nor make use of any other words whatever. He added, " when we were on Wellington- bridge, Dr. Scott passed us ; he turned about and said to Mr: Hackett, ' do you mean to insult me? ' Hackett re- plied, ' I shall have no conversation with you.' Dr. Scott repeated the question, and Mr. Hackett gave the same answer. Dr. Scott, a third time, repeated the question, and Hackett replied, 'I will have no con- versation with such a fellow.' Dr. Scott said, 'fellow!' and immediately kicked Mr. Hackett, and then they wrestled until se- parated." __On his cross-examination, Mr. Brodribb swore positively, that Mr. Hackett had not flourished his stick at Dr. Scott, and that he could not have made use of any pro- voking language on the bridge, or any where else, except as stated above, for that he was close to him all the time, and did not hear any, which he must have done had any been spoken. __Mr. Gilbert Robertson sworn— That he had met Mr. Hackett about three weeks ago, and remonstrated with him on the impropriety of his conduct in annoying Dr. Scott in the manner that he and Mr. Rowlands were doing. Mr. Hackett then showed him a note from Dr. Scott to Mrs. Hackett, to say that he could not at- tend her in her approaching confinement, and said his conduct is most barbarous, and we (meaning himself and Mr. Row- lands) will persecute that scoundrel (mean- ing Dr. Scott,) until he destroys himself. Witness, from several circumstances of re- cent occurrence, connected with others of an old date, believes that the reference to Richardson's ghost was calculated and in- tended to provoke and insult Dr. Scott ; has had several conversations with Mr. Hackett about Dr. Scott and the ghost of Richard- son ; has no doubt but the allusions to the latter were, intended to provoke Dn Scott. Witness has been on friendly terms with Mr. Hackett until the morning of this assault ; spoke to Mr. Hackett that morn- ing as usual ; Mr. Hackett did not an- swer, but gave him a very angry look ; does not know the reason ; told Dr. Scott the conversation he had with Mr. Hackett ; told him part of it last Saturday ; had pre- viously published it in the newspaper ; re- collects now that he mentioned it to Mr. R. L. Murray, in the presence of Dr. Scott. __Mr. J. H. Moore sworn — That on the day or two days before the assault, he and Dr. Scott were walking in Macquarie- street, when Mr. Hackett passed them, and cried out with a loud voice, and a violent manner, " Richardson's ghost." He im- mediately said to Dr. Scott, " Take no no- tice of him, but pass on and treat him with contempt." He knew the words used by Mr. Hackett were intended to insult Dr. Scott from other circumstances, independ- ent of Mr. Hackett' s manner, which dis- tinctly conveyed that impression to his witnesses) mind. __Mr. George Bilton sworn— That Mr. Hac- kett being in company with Mr. Brodribb, in passing him and Dr. Scott at the Ship Inn, hollowed as loud as.he could, " Rich- ardson's Ghost," repeated the words thrice, and his manner was very violent, holding a stick which he flourished in his hand, holding it by one end. Hackett and Brod- ribb passed on along the foot-path to Wel- lington- bridge. Dr. Scott left witness and walked in the same direction in the middle of the street. Mr. Bilton's curiosity being aroused by what he observed in Mr. Hackett's conduct, and expecting some- thing would take place in consequence, he was induced to stand and look after the parties. Hackett turned round several times and looked at Dr. Scott, and with great violence of manner, three times called out, " Richardson's Ghost." The last time he (witness) heard him was opposite Belvidere Wine Vaults. When Hackett and Brodribb reached the bridge, he saw Hac- kett turn right round and flourish his stick over his head, Dr. Scott at the time walk- ing towards him. Dr. Scott, when he got within four feet of him, stood still. At this time Mr. Hackett had his stick iraised up in his hand, and in a very short time he saw Dr. Scott kick him under the knee,— he walked towards Wellington bridge and saw them separated. Mr. Augustus Morris examined--That he was in Elizabeth-street, about thirty or forty yards from the corner of the Ship Inn, when he saw Mr. Hackett and Mr. Brodribb pass Dr. Scott, and. he heard Mr. Hackett hollow out something in a violent manner, but could not say what it was. This drew his attention to the par- ties, and when they passed him in Eliza- beth-street, Hackett and Brodribb were walking on the footpath, and Dr. Scott in the middle of the street ; Hackett turned round his head several times, looked at Dr. Scott, and called out in a menacing manner ; about the time they passed wit- ness, Hackett hollowed out " Richardson's Ghost ;" suspecting that something might take place, he followed Dr. Scott, and was close behind him when they got to Wel- lington-bridge, where Hackett turned right round and looked Dr. Scott (who was walk- ing towards him) in the face, hollowed out Richardson's Ghost ; saw Dr .Scott's side face, and observed him say something, but did not hear what it was ; at this time Dr. Scott was within three feet of Mr. Hackett, who was flourishing his stick over his head, and with great violence hollowed out " Richardson's Ghost," __"Your mur- derer of Richardson,"__" You villain,'' " You :; scoundrel ''— on which Dr. Scott immediately rushed upon him ; witness did not observe Dr. Scott kick Mr. Hackett ; the parties wrestled together for sometime, until they were separated. __Mr. Robert Caldwell examined—He keeps a shop at the corner of Wellington- bridge ; on Thursday last, about four o'clock, he heard a great noise, and looked to see the cause ; he saw Mr. Hackett and Dr. Scott standing within three feet of each other, and Mr. Hackett flourishing a stick over his head, and nearly touching Dr. Scott's nose, and with great violence of manner, howling to Dr. Scott " You villain— you scoundrel"--and some other expressions which he did not fully com- prehend ; Dr. Scott then rushed upon Mr. Hackett, and they wrestled together for sometime, until they were separated by the spectators. The Magistrates dismissed the case to the great satisfaction of all the respectable part of the audience, who were all of opinion that the parties ought to have exchanged their relative places of pro- secutor arid defendant. 