äbutonta ®Äimr. TUESDAY, DECLWIBEIl 27, 1836. We have passed over much of the chapter following our last selection from the Pioleslant, as it was only continuing the argument against the celibacy of tho Roman Catholic Priests, without tho in- troduction of additional matter of much interest ; tho extracts we have already made, with what we now add, must of themselves be quite sufficient to satisfy any unprejudiced mind of not only the utter folly of tho Priests abstaining from marriage, but of tho positive guilt they necessarily incur by continuing in a state of celibacy ; tho following extract though it contains a few instances of tho enormi- ties committed by the Priests from this cause, shows' nothing at all that can be compared to the infamy practised by them, which we shall arrive at in due time ; but even as far as we have already gone, we find that in " the remonstrance " which certain divines of Germany pro " sented to the Pope, accompanied by " letters from the Emperor Ferdinand, " and Albert Duke of Bavaria, soliciting "permission for the Catholic Clergy to " marry, these divines assert, that among "fifty Catholic Priests hardly one will be " found who is not a notorious fornicator!" And we will ask our Protestant readers, if they have not heard the same asser- tions over and over again, up to the present day, and not only if they have heard this report freely circulated, but do they not most implicitly believe it. Our present ex- tract leaves us no further room for com- ment; we only entreat our readers to peruse it and judge for themselves, the subject we shall extract for our noxt pub- lication, will be equally interesting, it will embrace tho mysteries of the " ab- solution" system—which has been made tho " Stalking-horse" for the corruption and ruin of many an unsuspecting virtuous young girl, who by the insinuating arts of a villain has had her hopes and prospects of futurity for ever blasted, and she perhaps ends this world of woes and sorrows by committing suicide. And yet this is the victim of the Roman Catholic Priest of the nineteenth century; when will the eyes of the world be opened sufficiently to expose these brutal stains on civilized society ? but we are digressing, our extract is too good to be delayed any longer. But, to return to Bishop Hay:-" We Find,"says he, " from the earliest monuments of antiquity, that even when married people were admitted into the sacred ministry, they generally abstained from all, cohabitation with their wives after that." The most proper answer to this is a flat contradiction ; the "earliest monuments of antiquity" are in the bible, and there, there is not a word of what the Bishop alleges; and if the allegation were true, it would prove nothing but that such entrants into the "sacred ministry" were guilty of great wickedness in forsaking their wives, or putting them away with out any just cause. Heretics, of different names did, indeed,at a very early period,revile the married state, calling it the invention of the devil, and some of the fathers,who were no better than great senseless chil dren, speak of celibacy at a more holy state than marriage but the bare unsupported speculations of such men, ought to have no weight whatever with persons who have access to the word of God and their senses exeroised to discern good and evil. But as it may be worth while to show, that " the earliest mom mants of antiquity," after closing the canon of scripture are against the Bishops assertion. I shall present the reader with the following short summary.-" Sanctioned by the example of the apostles, it is certain that a vast many of tho more distinguished bishops and saints were engaged in the holy state of wedlock Saint Chrysostom showing at large the expediency of marriage, intimates that several holy men were married To mention a few eminent ones who were so, will be sufficient for my present purpose. The father of Saint Gregory, Bishop of Nazianzem in Capudocia who was bishop of the same see, was married during his epis copacy The saint tells us that his mother, Nonna was not only no impediment to her husband, in his ministry, but of great service to him " St Gregory Nysen, brother of Saint Basil tho great who lived in the fourth century, was married to Theosebia, and never forsook her, Saint Basil's father, a bishop, tn(, by Alban Butler, denominated a saint was mt ned to Amelia, au I hal by har ten children, nine ot whom survived lum and were all omnium for virtue, th* reverend biographer tells tis, Jil Ins life of S nut B ml, on the uuthort y of Saint G rogo v Vazimrin, that those among them who were married, and lived in the world, were no way inferior in pialy to those who served God in holy virginity Nicophorus speaks highly of saint Bun's married brother, Saint Gregory Nysen. Socrates tells us incidentally, that Spindion the distinguished bishop of Cyprus, was married, and likewise Eulaius, bishop of Ceasarea. And Eusebius relates that Chœsenon bishop of a city called Nile, fled to the mountain Arabius, with his wife, during one of the persecutions It would be easy to swell the number of instances of this sort by the addition of those numerous similar ones which Vicelius supplies , but this would evidently be superfluous inasmuch as the main point to be established is not whether many prominent individuals of the Christian hierarchy were married, after the example of the apostles, but whether, in early, and comparatively pure times, whether, when the instructions of the evangelists and apostles were of permanent authority , whether, before the pastors of tho Christian church became, rather generally deposed to emulate heresiarchs,and conciliate heathens, and whether, before temporal concerns had become intimately blended with eccle siastical government the generality of the clergy were married or not And that they were so, throughout the Christian world, at least till the beginning of the seventh century, notwithstanding the almost incessant endeavours of the popes, and the successive dissuasions of the philosophical fathers, to prevent their marriage, is, I maintain, incontrovertible The only attempt which appears to hare been made antecedently in the fourth century, to induce the clergy by the exercise of episcopal authority, to practice celibacy, was that of Pyneus bishop of Crete about the year 170 But that attempt was seasonably discountenanced and frustrated by the lous primitive Dionysins bishop of Corinth, who advised the former, in an epistle which he wrote to him on that subject, ' not to impose the heavy burden of continence upon his brethren, but to have regard to the infirmity of many ' ' Sjcrates and Niocphorus give us to understand that in their re spective ages, sacerdotal matrimony was communal over the east. And the twelfth Canon of the QuiniNCZt council informs us, that in Africa, Lybia, and other regions which belonged to the western or Latin division of the Christian world, many most religous men who presided over the church (and whose examples were, no doubt, followed by the generality of the clergy) lived in the matrimonial state. It is true, that the bishops of that council disapproved of, and prohibited that practice The fact, however, is that alone about which I am at present concerned." St. Jerome says,that it was customary for deacons to marry before ordination, in order that marriage might not prove an obstacle to their advancement to the higher orders. And, to another place, he acknowledges, that married men were more frequently elected bishops than those who were single The learned historian Zonatus, who lived in the twelfth century, commenting on the fifth of the apostolic canons, speaks thus - " This canon reminds us of the fact of even bishops having wives, for even bishops were not then pro hibited from engaging in lawful connexion with women ' And the learned Balsamon who became patriarch of Antioch about the end of the same century, commenting upon the same canon, says, " Before the sixth synod which was held in the palace of Irul o, it was lawful for bishops to have wives, even after obtaining the episcopal dignity." Lei (sr J on constiaiued Cehbacv, Lit IX. The writer above quoted, proceeds to show that clerical matrimony was sanctioned by a number of councils. He does not only refer to his authorities, hut he gives the ver) words lu the original lan- guages for lb« satisfaction of his learned readers. I du HOI know win the writer is, but he is evidenll) a man of great industry lind resuirch , und he »riles like one who has no hostile feeling towards the church of Rome as a whole, but on the one point to which he has directed his attention he certainly does exhibit her as the mother of abominations " The monk Augustin" says the author of the letters, Let. xv. "acting on the instructions of Gregory the Great, was the first who attempted to enforce celibacy among the British clergy , and in order to facilitate his attempt, which was made in the year 600, be began under the expressed permis- sion of the Pope, with limiting it to the higher orders , although Lja had extended it to subdeacons in all other parts of Europe, about one hundred and sixty years before. His attempt, however proved abortive. In the i ear Q7->, Dunstan ano her of the Pope's agents, followed his example , but his on- deavours were equally unavailing, and moreover, occasioned great disturbance- ln the year 1102, Anselm, Archbishop of Canterbury, a primate, at least, as devoted to the will of the Pope, as any of his predecessors had been, induced the prelates, who composed the then Council of London, to require imperatively the total abstinence of the clergy from their wives but the consequences of this rigorous requisition were soon found to be shocking in the extreme, as I shall note hereafter. Shocking however, as they were, they had no effect in dis- suading the obsequious creatures of the Pope from prosecuting their endeavours to substitute his ty- rannical obltgations in the place of evangelical liberty fur bv lu» LOU nell which** was assembled III London, in tbuytar of H3Q,a deorve wa9 issued purporting that thasa priests who had not complied with the prohibition of ihe C lunoil of 1102, should either relinquish thetr wives, oi fo bear lo Hay mass The law of celibacy was further enroroed by Pop« [nnooeut 2nd in tho \ mi 1118 and at the 9iime time (you will blush, my friend on t ie recolleotio i. of the fact) ihoso priests who had abandoned their wives, with whom tLeyhnd bnoome, as our Lord tells u«, one flash, íadisaolubly conneote 1 lu a mya tonous manner, as 11 nsolf to his true church, were toieiated in keeping concubines, and thus was the law of God, ai duoluad bt Moses, and our b'e sed S>a-| viour, outraged in a twofold manner But still, as' we learn from Bale who wrote in the 15th century, many learned and respectable clergymen, persevered in their bounden fidelity to their wives The sons of the married clergy, who officiated in the churches of England, wero so numerous, about forty years before, that Pope Puschall 2nd in a letter to Anslem giving him a dispensation to admit them to holy orders, assigned as his motive for doing to, that they constituted the greater, and better part of the clergy The Pope however prevailed at last., as he did in almost every scheme which he tried for the advance ment of his own power, and the enslaving of the human race He found that the clergy were never sufficiently devoted to his service , never enough detached from the ties of kindred and country, while they were allowed to form conjugal connexions and enjoy the endearments of a family. When he had prevailed upon them to relinquish all these they became like men who had no particular interest in one country more than another. They were then the fit agents of his holiness for promoting the honor and the interest of the See of Rome, in all parts of the world, hundreds, thousands of them were saddled upon the nations of Europe, having scarcely any common interest with the people of these nations, and whose daily business it was to oppress and impoverish them under the pretext of promoting the glory of God and of the holy Catho- lic Church. It was not enough that men, in what is called holy orders, were compelled to separate them- selves from domestic society, but hundreds of thou- sands of young women were doomed also to forego the society of parents, sisters, and brothers and to spend their days in seclusion and celibacy, con trary to the design of their creation, and the express command of God. An inspired apostle teaches "I will that the younger women marry, bear children, &c.; 1Tim v. 14 but partly by compulsion, and partly by allurement, vast multitudes of young women, in Popish countries, are sent up from the world, and obliged to take a vow that they will never marry, while many of them may be scarcely of an age to make voluntary choice whether they would prefer a single life or not. And tho holy Church is incessantly teaching that celibacy is better, and more pleasing to God than marriage, that in short the state has great merit before God ; that those who abstain from marriage, become the favorites and the spouses of Christ ; and thus the church becomes accessory to the everlasting perdition, of those who perish through the belief of her lie. The writer of the letters on celibacy promised to show the shocking consequences that followed the impostion thus imposed upon both sexes, and he fufils his promise in the most ample manner. I cannot however allow myself to follow him, or to quote his disgusting details, though the worst of them are given in Latin, without a translation, There is enough indeed in English to fill every delicate mind with horror, even at this day, when in every newspaper scenes of licentiousness are laid open to persons of all classes and ages. Certain facts however must be mentioned to shew that I am not proceeding upon the ground of vague general accusation. " The practical libidinousness of the unmarried clergy was, everywhere, enormous and unbridled. Such was the dread which the people of Switzer land entertained of these reputed representatives of the Holy Ghost, that as we are informed by Steiden, they required them, in some of the cantons, to keep concubines, in order to prevent them * * * their daughters and wives. (Cum./. 3) The same reason induced the senate of Rome, as we learn from Tananus, to petition the Pope for the continuation of the brothels to which he had intended to suppress. (His. ,/. 39.> Gualtier Mapes complained that the priests found means to excite in silly women a fear of damnation if they denied * * * *." There is a host of authorities,almost entirely of the Church of Rome, and great dignitaries too, who concur in complaining of the unbounded licentious- ness of the clergy ; and they at last became so hardened in wickedness as to teach that the greatest crimes were only venial sins, or scarcely any sin at all. " The obsequious divines Coster and Campeggio, held that priests were more criminal in marrying than in keeping many harlots. (Coit. de coe . sioerd prop 9). And, perhaps to allay thes opipies of some libidinous confessors, adultery was authoritatively ranked among the lesser sins." '' In the remon ntrence which certain divines of Germany presented to tho Pope acoompanieil by letters from the Em- peror Ferdinand, and Albert Duke of Bavaria, soliciting permission for the clergy to marry. These divines assert, that " among fifty Catholic priests, hardly one will be found who is not a notorious for- nicator.'' They observe us having been m untamed by Cardinal Panormitan, that it would conduce to the a salvation of souls to permit the clergy to marry ; and consider it a great absurdity (it was indeed much worse than an absurdity) not to admit mar ried clerks, and yet to tolerate fornicators. (P. jSa'p. Hist. Con."'front, p. 67d). This remon- strance is said to have made such a strong imprei sion on 'the Pope, that he resolved to assemble pious and learned men at Rome, from all parts of Europe, to discuss the question, but was dissuaded from doing so by Cardinal Simonena for reasons of state." (Ibid). Letters, &c; , L«t. XX It is easy to imagine what the reasons of state were. Tho priest- hood had become so generally, nay, I may say, universally profligate, that to attempt to confine them to matrimony might have endangered the stability of the papal throne Fleury relates of Rasfod, Bi- shop of Munster,' that having received briefs from the Pope, requesting him to banish concubines, and having published these orders in his diocese, he was mutinously opposed by all his canons. Disgusted with their scandalous lives. He, at length, voluntarily quited his bishopric " (^Letiors ccc., p. 302 ) The learned Avennius, who lived in the early part of the 16 th century, speaking of the clergy in his life of Gregory VII, says: the greatest part of them, under the honorable name of chastity, com mitted,everywhere with impunity, fornication, incest and adultery. Of the law of celibacy, he says, that law was by no means, displeasing to certain clergymen, who instead of one wife, sm ceittas jam mulierculas licebat i/i.'ic." (ibid, ft. 26J ) It was as early as the Pontificate of Gregory the Great, that six thousand heads of murdered infants, the fruits of illicit sexual intercourse, were found in a fish pond a discovery which, as Barisæis informs us, induced Gregory to revoke the law of celibacy ; which was,however, revived about forty-five years after, by Martin I. See letters', &c.;, page'278. Now if such horrible effects resulted from the celi ibacy of priests and nuns, as early at the 7th century, what must not have taken place during the many dark ages that followed, among the thousands of what weie called religious houses; but which were in fact brothels of the worst character, upon a large scale. In them was acted such scenes, that Cardinal Damiano published a complaint, in a book which he entitled Gomorrah, because, I suppose, the wickedness of these religious persons, reminded him of that of the five cities which God destroyed by fire and brimstone from heaven. Lortl S tan loy's lutter which wo pub lishod in our Saturday's number ought to be sufficient lo satisfy the most uncom- promising that if the Irish system is not in tho least aiipliüablr. to tho state of 'kEnglmi(l, it ii just as unfit for New South Wales, where the population with the exception of tho coinicts are about in the proportion of one Calholio to 100 Pro- testants. Yet notwithstanding tho mani- fold objections, tho firm and douidod stand the Culoniss, in a body, have made against the introduction of the system, wo have good reasons for statirjg tint the " secret correspondence" for which tho present Government is so justly framed, is still in full operttion. Sir Richard's pen has beon indefatigable in l»)iog tho Co- lonists objections to the ftis.li system in a peculiar light heforo the llomu Gotern nient,-determined if possible to carry his point, no matter at what sacrifice of public opinion, for in this respect tho oxistiug administration cannot sink much lower. Jîut wo can tell tho Governor that all his secret intlueuce will prove unavailing ; ho may therefore.save him- self further anxiety on this head-ho is only making Li in s eil appear troub'o some at home, for there tho eyes of the Government have already beon oponed, they see as plain as the Sun at noon-day, that the system ¡s'jaijiit for England-ior any Protestant country, andunless Sir Richard can gull tho Downing-street folks by stating that the majority of the Emigrants or the inhabitants of the Co- lony aro Catholics, he will lind that ¡ill hi« efforts to ram tho Irish system down our throats unavailing. Lord Stanley's 1 letter must indeed be a bitter pill for Sir Richard Bourke to swallow. His Excel- lency by his usual state " tact" and a little nianceutrreing ha* a majority in the Councils, and upon this ho no doubt grounds all his hopes of future success, disappointment under such circumstances will assuredly be dishêartoning. But we fear Elis Excellency will bo doomed to put up with such disastrous consequences after -ill ; it may be somo consolation however -for him to think that matters "might have bceu worse," though we cannot name moro than one circumstance that has made His Excellency so deser- vedly unpopular than this Irish system affair, winch from being an act of injus-, tice uf course takes precedence-we al-J ludo to the dismissal of the independent magistracy._ [ nun- 1 ---, We plead two excuses,, aud two only for noticing the vulgar and ungeutlemanly attacks ol tho Monitor. Tho fir«t is, I that wo have a largo seven-column nowspaper to (ill three times a weok, and [just now we fiad it dilficult, from tho gOtttJMl ileartli of matters of J lateros t ;,tlie sbeorJtt is« tlintns tliis is.tlioifir.it (and wo intend'it to Ire our last) nolico ol',tho Monitor's utiedttorinl conduct, wo con- sider ourse'ves justified in devoting ii *mall -puce t) refute Ihe gross calumny wo (nive experiiticud fro iii this publiealiou ol' last Friday. It would no doubt gra- tify the editor of the Monitor, weio wo, iu replying to his falsehoods, to descend lo the same low vituperative stylo which ho so unceremoniously adopts. H tit ii a reasonable romonsliMuce-a fair anti gontletnanly expose of an editor's defects cannot bring him lu a propor senso ol duty, wo- shall descomí . to no othor mothod. We loavo the fi.ild of wilful defamation, wtnperalion, and low black- guardism, lo those who fuel at homo in suuh stylo of writing. With this plain proface wo como to our subject of com plninI. The Monitor in deland iug Colo nol Wilson from our irony, aoouios us of managing the .Gazelle in '. a low slanjj stylo," and in another part of hi* paper, wo aro charged with " scurrility" for our reporter's nolico of tho improper conduct of a low actress, who ought uot in tho oyes of any respectable man to have hoon considorod* worth a second thought, at till events to détend her in opposition to a oonlomporaiy " right or wrong" is to us'unacoountable, (for tim Monitor admits ho was notât the Theatre on the occasion alluded to). With ros peet tú our "tiHucks on Colonel Wilson, wo tlo contend fearlessly that wo were not only justified in s tying xvhat we have said in re fe re ti co to this genlloman, but thal in common fairnoss to ourselves, wo would have boen fully horne out, had wo written ton times as severo. Colonel Wilson, oven looking at bim only as a private individual, leaves hitnsolt open to our aniniadversion~all public writers necessarily do, or they would for ever hátyrlheir own, way, and boeomo i,ntol lorable. A3 a public character then he is ten times moro fair gamo, ho ii for over attacking in in the Australian \n every shape his fertile brain nan devise, und under the dastardly cloak of anonymous signatures; iu one of those personal utticks against one of the editors of this journal, ho so far forgot himself, as to make the serious illness of this gentleman a subject of deep ridicule, had he not been absent at this moment in Argyle, where he was ordered to proceed at once by his medical attendants for the bonefifof his much impaired health, we would not have alluded In this, but we repeat that such conduct would have warrantod us in tho severest condemna- tions of any man, were that man the King himself; independently however of th s circumstance, wo consider ourselves jus tilled in noticing Colonel Wilson ti tut I ho ceases his incessant paragraph writing. Hut how have wo li in di tul him? llavo wo over attacked his private character? Ilavo wo ever invaded the sanctity of his private life ^""gratify our feelings? Have wo cvor degraded bim fiom his ranis of Colonel and called him Captain Wilson in this paper, for months together, to gratify wa won't say what, and held him up as little lo53 than a public itn poster, fir assuming a litio to which he had no claim.'' We can safely say wo have not beeu guilty of this; wo trust we nevor could he S3_f«\ptompted to for- get ourselves. Rut Iiaifthe ¿Monitor done this, we would simply ask ? and if on re- ferring to his filo of papers sume years back, he finds such articles as theso - of a gentleman who never wroto a line against him, with what grace, with what fairnoss wo would a-k eau he now turn round upon us, and accuse us of lo>v vulgarity to Colonel Wilson; wo coufess we are utterly at a loss to conceive the reason, the motive of his personality to us, knowing that wo nover wrote a sovorc line against bim in our lites ; on the con- trary, we have reprobated contouipora ries who have attacked him personally. in personality wo do not deal-we abhor -we detest the practice, and if the Monitor were to write us convicts at once, he has already done nearly as bad, we should not stoop to the samo level and stylo to reply to his altick; if it were ueccssitry to show willi what a bad grace a chargo like this of which we are ac- cused, comes from the editor of the Monitor, wo could refer bim to his papers iu Darling's time, but wo are saved thia trouble, tor only Jive lines previous to where he accuses us of " gross per- sonality," wo find the following para- graph: " But rue are son y lo say that " since the last arriual of Bishop Brough .' ton and HIS HIGHLY DISGRACEFUL " CONDUCT at the Pulteney Hotel, our " Tory papers have neuer ceased to raise \ " a " No Popery" cry." We must here drop our non-our feelings are too highly excited at this paragraph to trust it longer, for we might be tempted dépite of our previous professions of forbearauco, to give thom vent. We therefore leave the subject, and inform the Monitor in conclusion, that his hating onue des- cended as an editor, lo a level to which no gentleman can sloop, lo (logrado this jouruil, he is now at perfect liberty lo proceed in the same course, we shall take no moro noticfe Of his lucubratious^or his condemnations. , , 