A SKETCH Picked up by Paul Pry Dramatis Personæ Hit Highness the Prince. Lycurgus the Lacedemonian. Kitty Moleyean. General Organ. Straight Line. Fudge. O'Connell. Dan. The Guardian SCENE — A DRAWING ROOM IN THE PALACE. The Prince Solus Prince. " I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream" A Guardian Angel wafted to wards me in the brightest plumage, and behold my mouth watered at the sight thereof, for I should have liked to have heard another Sound rather than a flattering of wings, which flapped against my sacred lace and endeavoured to put an end to all Humbugs, because my blood had waxed cold in the cause of that bird whose plumage dared to display its brightness to the wondering gaze of an admiring world—and lo ! it appeared that another bird came flying up from the Southward and gave battle to the bird which is praised by its Guardian, but which I as the Prince do not approve, because I love the other bird which sounds in the language of certain persons called "Humbugs" to the name of " George."— And the one bird flapped her wings against the other, and their beaks came into violent contact, and a terrible fight ensued. It then appeared to me that I planted my foot on the bird which is praised by The Guardian, and took in my arms the other bird called "George" because I felt an interest in that bird, and the other bird fell to the ground in a mangled state. But behold ! the angel of Darkness appeared and smote the ground with a cloven foot and there arose a bright flame. And behold ! Satan took from the flame a red hot poker and with a terrible voice cried aloud "oh, ye benighted mortal, swallow, and be en- lightened" and raising the Northern bird with the fiery instrument from the ground, the fiend with one thrust poked it down my throat. I feel, I hear the whiz of the horrible thing now, and my heart is sick. "To be, or not to be, that is the question" Whether to be the Guardian of the Northern bird, or the Southern. Ah ! " there- by hangs a tale" The Prince reluctantly throws himself on a Swan's down couch and groans heavily. Enter Lycurgus Lycurgus looking with great sympathy at his Patron says " oh, mighty Sir I'll write more Rules if they will do your Highness any good !" The Prince sighs. Enter Kitty Moleyean Moleyean, I'll search again tor the inland sea, And sing a "good penny wedding for me" And look for advice winch will settle for ever A fellow whom we call the devil ! Will that do your Highness, good ! The Prince dolefully exclaims ! enough of that —oh ! Enter General Organ , and plays up I'll shuffle, and truckle and knuckle, If that to your Highness is a buckle, And does your Highness, good ! Enter Straight Line And sings to the tune of " The Young May Moon" I've brought you in a glass, My Lord Which Magnifies so much, My Lord, That a Tanner ha a said It deprives us of bread And will ne'er de good till we march. My Lord ! This glass I can diminish, My Lord ! To any size that will please my Lord ! But Tanner's declared, And I'm rather afraid, We're out of our reckoning now, my Lord ! The Ribbon Grant's deceived me, Lord And made me out a fool, my Lord And the Guardian now, With brass on his brow— Says I've deceived your Swans, My Lord The Prince starting up from his Couch sings to the tune of "over the water to Charlie" I'll over the water, and over the sea I'll over the water to Billy— The Swans are afraid that we cannot see, And thus, Humbugs look silly ! Never mind John, gird up your loins, And tell them the glass has deceived you, The Prince will give his own half crowns If that can be voted— to bless you ! The Swan here rises in the Prince's throat — a fit of sickness overcomes him and be is obliged again to drop woe, begone on the Couch, upon which a flourish of trumpets is heard in the Palace and— Enter Fudge in great prespiration and sings " As I know your Highness is fond of Fudge From this spot I will not budge, Till I know the cause, Of the Loud applause— Which the Swans are shrieking out my Lord ! His Highness in a rage springs up from the Couch and exclaims— Avaunt ye Hypocrites, ye Office sticklers, ye Humbugs ! O'Connell peeps in, and with a comical coun- tenance smoothly says— I've got a big stick if that will do your Highness any good ! Dan is borne in by the talons of an Eagle and exclaims— I'll swear they are all Humbugs if that will do your Highness any good ! Here the actors in confusion divide— His Highness in the centre, and Dan in the most exquisite style bows to all behind and before. The party on the right sing "We hope we please you at any rate" The party on the left in attitude sing " We feel compassion for your fate'' Here the Prince in agony takes the pipe from bis mouth and striking the "Explorer" on his bald bead, sings— "Get out of my sight, or I'll break your Pate" Entet the Guardian with a Swan, who sings in the most plaintive way When in death, I shall calm recline Ob, bear my heart to my Prince so dear, I'm well persuaded, he'l not incline To give me any assistance here ! Then bid him not shed a tear of sorrow, To sully a heart so callous and light— But juicy drops of my heart's blood borrow, To bathe his brows from morn to night ! Exit. The "Guardian" with the Swan— A horrible uproar now ensues— a mighty wind shakes the foundations of the Palace as if they had been shaken by the blast of the Simoom — The ghost of Blackstone enters and pitches his books at the head of Lycurgus who immediately vanishes. The fluttering of wings is then heard and Minerva appears in a gilded chariot drawn by innumerable Swans. His Highness is com- pletely overcome and falls into the arms of his friend Dan who gracefully drops upon one knee to receive him— Minerva raises her sceptre and several of the actors vanish to the Sound of Hum- bug — The "Moleyean" retires into the interior and the Heavens resume their peaceful serenity. 