THE DRAMA. ?" Where go I the traitor rest, , He, the receiver. Who could win maiden's breast. Ruin and leave her 1 In the lost battle, Borne down by the flying Where mingles with cattle the groans of the dying, There shall he be Ivmif. . ., * » ' . . Shame and dishonor sit Be his grave ever, Blessings shall allow it Never, (J, never !" SCOTT. " Robert of Normandy" was played last night, and on Saturday night, on each occasion, to good houses. We cannot class this piece amongst the most successful yet brought out upon the Sydney boards. The plot abounds in incongruities and absurdities, scarcely reconcileable with the most extravagant of extravagancies and several of the parts might have been better cast. A " talking" phantom may suit the genius of romance, where, however improbable the incident, possibility is yet to be kept in view but a talking, walking, murdering statue of inert marble instinct with life, is a piece of absurdity too grave to be laughed at. This is using Don Giovanni, and aging that piece badly. The fault, however, lies not in the actors, but the author- and it is only justice to say, that the company generally played their respective parts as appropriately, and the stage arrangements were as skil- fully conducted, as could be reasonably expected. Robert of Normandy," or rather I " Robert le Double," Duke of that is fair I province," is one of the musical romances of Mr. Raymond, author of two other dramatic pieces-the " Castle of Pa Buzzi'' and the " Spectre Boat." The real Robert, of history, was a perfect Don Juan in his day, winning fair ladies' hearts, and then deserting the. storm- ing castles; demo issuing monasteries; bullying his vassals, and terrifying his friends-but finally gliding into a life of matrimonial beatitude and by a long course of repentance and good works, admitted by his favored monks to the honors of canonization. The Robert of the drama only resembles the historical hero in his vices, without imitating him in his end. Having deluded and deserted the beautiful Matilda, daughter of the Countess de Rosambert, ho woods under an " alias" her sister Blanche, and almost wins her, when the ring is claimed by Matilda's ghost as her's, and Robert, with his valet " Piccolo," escapes through a lake of fire to new adventures. -Under the disguise of a Troubadour, he wins the fair Clodiue, but is discovered at the nuptials by the Countess. to be her daughter's betrayer, and finally seized upon by the remorse- less marble statue of Matilda, with which he slowly sinks through a trap-door, and flames issue from the chasm. The castle is attacked, defended, set fire to, and the curtain falls on its destructive con- flagration. Mr. Knowles played Robert with much address; Mr. Grove played Leader; Mr. Simmons played Pickle with his usual happy effect; Mrs. Taylor, in the ring and closing statue scene, looked beautifully awful ; we cannot say that Mrs. Jones did justice to Lodine. - Perlness and flippancy are tolerable in the common run of stage chamber-maids, but quite unsuited to the timid character of the fair and sentimental Lodine. The other characters had but little to do. That-little was generally well done, allowing for occasional variations from the author, excusable in a first or second performance, but by all means to be avoided by every performer who desires to study propriety. We observed a slight anachronism or two, no doubt under signedly, committed towards the finale. We allude to the popping off of pistols during the affray in " le Deeble's" Gaulle. They added to the fields, and would perhaps have added somewhat to the died had they been in keeping with the time the piece is supposed to be enacted in which is about, we believe! tits Iregiuning of the 10th century 2 but »u|)|in»o It M century or two later, we were not before aware of their mt in baulk issue just to that of Cressy. Such " accidents" howJ JJ ever should not detract from the general merit of the performance, which was by no means inconsiderable. " GR»CI.~Carnaby ! dear Carnaby ! what is the matter . - * OAK -Tile Lord Mayor's daughter loves mail j GreAt. But won't you many Mat ' CAR.- The Lord Mayor's Uaugutor loves make (Going.) "* ' Oii*ta.-But-Carnaby ! s s Riva. Villain. Can -The villain I ona! back with the (fling-, tug his cassock in the painter's fact). The Lord Mayor's daughter born mu !" Jj Cfitor Chist, act it. is. lit. t! Aimer's Romantic Drama of the " Cedar Chest" followed the performance I of Mr Robert le Diable" on Saturday night, and A Humphrey Clinker" last [ night. To the former we shall confine ourselves at present. The " CEDAR CHEST" is an admirable! piece. Allowing for some very few exceptions it was remarkably well performed, and well dressed, the costumes generally, suiting the time of Harry 8th, during which it is supposed to have its [day. For turtle loving Aldermen, is there he any such among us', and city aspiring to the ephemeral honors of the Mayoralty, this piece has its moral. To the disinterested auditor, it is capable of furnishing much innocuous amusement. Richard Gresham, " Lord Mayor of i London," has reached the last day of his grand out to climacteric, which of course must be closed with the customary land and water pageantry. To comfort his ! ex lordship, further, for the deprivation of his " blushing honors," Mary Gresham (Mrs. Taylor), his fair daughter, engages Hans Holbein, a Flemish painter (Mr. Lane), to paint a picture of , a falcon flight, which she intends as a l, present to her indulgent father. Hans \ adopts Carnaby Cutpurse, a wild young master (Mr. Simmons), as his principal j figure, which is about to receive the finishing touch when Mary Gresham outers. Carnaby hides behind the canvas. Mary Gresham, struck with the 4 figure, is told it is ideal, and expresses her admiration of it in such terms as to arouse the jealousy of Grace Rudderly (Mrs. Jones), u he has been tossing her cap at Carnaby, and who undeceived Mary as to his identity. Blushing at hav- A ing been thus unwarily caught in a con- , fession of her love, the " Lord Mayor's] DHU g h tor" modestly hides Hans Holbein for deceiving her but tells him to leave the picture at her father's and exits. Carnaby emerges from behind the canvas, and then ensues the ridiculous i scene, part of which we have above quoted. ' It is night, and Mary Gresham has retired to her chamber, which is in a varied from an open balcony, by Lord j Chaucer Gascoigne (Mr. Knowles), as dissipated nobleman of the Court of Henry the 8th, the Royal " Bully Took." Her father's step is heard ! To prevent the shame of a discovery, Mary Gresham permits Lord Chaucer to enter a large cedar chest, which is shut down upon him. The Lord Mayor enters sits upon the identical chest, and some time after bids good night. She instantly lifts the lid', and discovers Lord Chaucer apparently lifeless. horror-struck and amazed, her meditations are interrupted by the in- gress of Carnaby, the hero of the picture. To her demands of the cause of such intrusion, his answer is, " The Lord Mayor's daughter loves me." Heart sick at one imprudence, she innocently ventures on another. Carnaby is engaged to remove the chest, and injure the body of Lord Chaucer, which he does. His assurance still-" The Lord Mayor's daughter loves me." Carnaby loved the" pleasures of the bowl. Intoxicated with wine and his good fortune, he lays a wager with Rob the Ruderman (Mr. Grove), a ruffles of Whitefriars, that he will, at a certain hour, exhibit to the gang a fair and noble dame, who will confess shS loves him. The wager is taken. He applies to Mary Gresham to make it good. With horror she rejects the proposition at first, but fearing a discovery of the chest, at last consents, upon condition that DO rude ruffian's hand shall lift her veil. Carnaby pledges himself there shall not. She appears in the purlieus of Whitefriars. Carnaby wins his gold ; but the ruffian attempts by force to raise J the veil of Mary Gresham, who stabs him to the heart, and is borne off by Lord Chaucer who has recovered from the " oppression of the chest." The city watch comes up ; Carnaby confesses himself the murderer of Rob, and is led away to prison. From Lord Chaucer's hands, Mary is saved by her father, the Lord Mayor, before whom Carnaby is arraigned, and though menaced with the torture, refuses to acquit himself. Mary proclaims her self the murderess, and swoons away At this critical moment, a confession is put in from Rob who still lives,' declares himself to be the notorious outlaw, I Oliver Armstrong proclaimed on Ald- gate pump, and releases Carnaby from the odium of the charge of cutting a purse from a gentleman's side in the streets of London. The curtain falls upon the affianced nuptials of Carnaby Clare (no longer Cutpurse), the rich skinner's son,, and Mary Gresham, " the Lord Mayor's daughter, who no longer fears to say " she loves him." Much amusing by play is introduced into this very well concerted piece. Among the rest we cannot in justice omit honorable mention of Mr. Simes is " Pambo," the Lord Mayor's fool and Mr. Lee, in " Barnaby Feathergooae," j that tool's SOD, both of whom were enacted most wisely and quaintly, as also was Mark Minnow, the fisherman, played by Mr. Mackay. We wish we could say as much for my Lord Mayor himself. Miss Winstanley was quite at home in Grace. Mrs Taylor looked, us usual, engaging, and played her part with a just conception. Mr. Simmons' acting was inimitable. The miniature boats and barges moving on the smooth bosom of the Thames, find so excellent an effect that we CHU willingly excuses the one.' army uecoiiipuniinenU of' the pieces played at Sadler's Wells; the silver paine and attendant (lemon, water and. rit»,bnlUwing Triton, and floAting Nal puff, ' 'Jim " Chair Chat" it will 0nlfultt«4 f or a tuck place, We had a u> buyers announce its re-performance shortly,! when tute Morris dancers will not be put to flight in the midst of their most amusing I gambols, by unmannerly and unmerited hisses of half a dozen in the gallery. 