MR. MARSHALL'S BOOK. A work, entitled ' A Narrative of two Visits to New Zealand in H. M. S. Alli gator,' has recently been published in England. The author was surgeon on board that ship, and was present when Mrs. Guard and her two infant children were providentially rescued from the hands of the New Zealanders, who it may be re- momherAd hud lippn lpft. nmoncr thpm hv the shipwreck of the Harriet whaler.—- There are many passages in the book which merit an attentive perusal. The letter of the Governor and Guard's evidence before the Executive Council, which appear in the appendix, fully explain the proceedings of the Colonial Government. We should give these documents at length, that our readers might be enabled to form their own conclusions on the matter, had not a con temporary already done so. The evidence of Guard was of such a nature, that it was impossible for the Governor to act other wise than he did. Had he refused to at tempt to effect the rescue of the lives of the British subjects then in the hands of the New Zealanders, he would have been guilty of a gross neglect of duty. If there be any fault, it must rest with those who were sent to execute his Excellency's commands. And certainly, it would appear from Mr. Marshall's account that there was an un due severity exercised towards the unfor tunate savages, which the principles of justice could not justify, nor did the orders ; of the Governor authorise. We should be : very sorry to sanction such conduct as was exhibited by certain individuals concerned in that affair. The Governor positively directed in his letter to Captain Lambert ! that force should not be employed, unless the prisoners could not be obtained without it. Why then, after the -captives were given up, did -the soldiers fire upon the New Zealanders? What authority had they for doing so ? We hope that some thing will be done to shew this affair in a proper light. If Mr. Marshall's statements be incorrect, let them be contradicted. As our contemporary has given very co pious extracts from the narrative, we shall content ourselves with making a few obser vations on the work in general. The au thor appears to have written with the very best intentions, and we cannot but approve of the kind and benevolent sentiments ex- . . A J L I. _ . . - - I. ..4 M. A Cam mm al. .. 4 1. - _ A _ xl- prcsscu tiy uiiu y wut »c icitr iudt ins "jixiiu siasm has, in some instances, carried him beyond the bounds of discretion. And as regards various opinions whieh he has ad vanced in reference to the religious views and customs of the New Zealanders, we differ from him entirely. The author as sumes too much. We want proof. That the New Zealanders had any idea of the immortality of the soul, previous to the in troduction of Christianity amongst them, is exceedingly problematical. Even the most enlightened philosopher of antiquity had very confused notions about it, What then can we expect from the untutored savage ? Cicero, after all his pleasing an ticipations of immortality, can only say — Quod si in hoc erro , quod animos hominum immortales esse credam, lubenter erro ; and others were still more sceptical. Mr. Mar shall traces various rites and ceremonies, which he supposes the New Zealanders may have received from the Jews. He likewise speaks of traditions relative to the creation, the deluge, and the existence of a Divine Being. He seems to think that the labors of the Missionaries have been very useful amongst the savages, and that the mild influences of Christianity have, in some measure, softened their habits as wild children of nature. The desire of Mr. Marshall, in submitting his book to the public, appears to be that of benefitting the Church Mission in New Zealand. — Whatever profits arise from the sale of his work, are to be devoted to the funds of that society. Mr. Marshall makes honor able mention of many persons in connection with the Mission, as well as of the Rev. Samuel Marsden, whom he styles the first Bishop of New Zealand. YVe certainly think that the Rev. Gentleman is entitled to the appellation, for he has done more man any one eise to esiaonsn vmrisuanicy in that island. Mr. Marshall likewise al ludes to the Wesleyan Missionaries stati oned in New Zealand, some of whom he met ; but it does not appear that he visited the scene of their labors. Baron Von Hu- gel was at the Missionary settlement at the same 'time with Mr. M. We understand that Mr. M. since his return to England has been examined before the House of Commons, relative to Guard's business. Our own opinion of, and sentiments with regard to this fine race of people, already more than half civilized, and of such white people as alone they have the opportu nity of seeing in their fine country, based as they are upon the experience and obser vation of a six months residence amongst them, are already recorded in an essay upon the subject, from which we extract the fol lowing. So willing, so active, so intelli gent, and so docile, are the New Zealan ders in general, and so readily do -they conform to the habits of British sailors, that we of our own knowledge can assert, that two of them were of more service to Mr. Guard, the whaling captain, than any 9UL Ui IliS WW U gang VI WiiXLC U1CU AiUUl Sydney, and more to be depended on ; that they were, and most deservedly preferred by him in rill respects, as they were by us. — The women are mild and gentle, and the white men, of whom they are very fond, treat them like brutes. Of " unenlightened man— of Nature' child, ' In quest of prey, a savage roaming wild "Through woods and deserts," and whose life is spent iii abject, want of- clothes and nourishment; And tho' unconscious, suffering each hour The sorest ills, for want of that grand power From knowledge flowing, which, and which alone Distinguishes the Monarch on his throne, By millions honored, reverenced, obeyed, From the dark Cannibal to be pourtrayed. Tho' not ferocious, nor by Nature base (Altho' to strangers a fine tattooed face Conclusive stamps a savage, and per se Implies barbarian — shews ferocity ;) The Zealander, alas ! 'it is confest. Is in his life and habits, most unblest. Born in a land of ignorance, and bred No God or man to love, nor aught to dread But death by Cannibals who frequent wage War on each other, with such cruel rage, That in their battles they appaar to feel Th' accursed spirit of fanatic zeal; Self-preservation but by instinct taught ; Their hearts with Nature's evil passions fraught To scenes of blood from infancy inured; Against their enemies alone secured By -strength or stratagem; to them unknown, Forgiveness, mercy— qualities ne'er shewn To them or by, who but in vengeance find That which can satisfy their darkened mind, When once inflamed with some supposed offence Against all reason ; forming a pretence, As good perhaps as nations which are far Above them, offer, when resolved on war : Is it not rather wonder that they shew A modest sense of their inferior state, To Europeans, than that with one blow, Their strength and power they should vindicate ? How great the contrast, and alas ! the shame, That Europe's sons who boast the Christian's name, Sons of Britannia, than whom as a nation, No country's more advanced in civilization ; — That of her childreu those who cross the sea6 And visit lands at the antipodes, Should such exceptionabls subjects be, As frequeut are, those whom she sends to sea ; That if by them, their countrymen at home Be judged, (and men by Romans judge of Iiema !) A philanthropic nation, brave and wise, The Friend of Savages ; must in their eyes More savage seem, tho' somewhat more refin'd, — Be view'd as foes by those to whom most kind. Disgraceful contrast, and example sad ! Enlightened Christians ! can they he so bad As to disgust an unenlightened race ? Alas ! too true, this is indeed the case. Can civ'lized, Christian, cultivated man, Enact the savage aod barbarian ? Can be who doth the Christian creed profess, To heathen brethren he merciless ? Oh sad comparison indeed, but just, Like angels torturing us worms of dust ; Such, such it is, for ah enlightened man T'employ his power as a barbarian, On poor benighted cannibals, whom he Should teach the laws of Christianity ; Of love, benevolence, humanity ! Now to sum up, and give to each theirdue, What says impartial Reason ? What's her view ? For the poor heathen all are taught to pray, Who are themselves eulightened by the ray Of light divine; to whom the gospel's truth Has been imparted from their earliest youth ; Them we are taught to pity, not despise, — To do them good, and with them sympathise ; And from the attributes of Him above, Who is the God of Mercy and of Love ; And from our own unworthiness of grace, ; We ought to trust, that this benighted race May with us come into His dwelling- place. And since according to but what they had In life on earth, upon the judgment day All will be judged, and deemed or good or bad ; Hear now what Conscience doth to sinners say. " Your guilt's proportioned to the sense of sin You had from knowledge, and from truth, within Your mind implauted by the Holy Ghost, For — who sins knowingly, he sins the most ! Crimes which in heathen's may well be forgiven, In Christians cannot be o'erlooked by Heaven ; For 'tis the reasoning instructed mind Which sins 'gainst knowledge, that's guiltiest of its kind. " Without thee what were unenlightened man ? " A savage roaming through the woods and wilds, " In quest of prcv." Thomson. Then what must such as with profound neglect Their talents waste ; what doom must these expect ? Aud what the sentence will be passed on those Who wilful dare the Holy Ghost oppose Who have not merely failed their seuse to use, But against Reason, quite their souls abuse ; — Who not content of means to make no use To their advantage, mu»t for the abuse Of saving knowledge — talents misapplied, And Sins which Mercy's self dare not to hide, Yield strict account; their sentence then receive From which (Time ended) there is no reprieve. Dreadful it is, to think upon the fate Which through eternity, must them await, Who with the power of blessing, breath'd a curse Oil fellow creatures, impoteut aud bliud, Who they condemned, but were themselves far worse, As they iu guilty suffering will find. Yet by impartial Reason, what's the view That must be taken to give each his due ? I11 place of Knowledge, Laws, Ueligiou, Power To chuse the sweet, and reject the sour Preseuted to his choice, 'tho much disguised, Wliii h Christians have, and are all well advised ; The Child of Nature's governed by the force Of inDatc par.jions, yet without remorse At deeds of cruelty ; and (sad defect !) Wanting tho voice of conscience to direct. Opposed to him, the British Christian stands With mind enlightened, holding in his hands The word of God. To him is further given The dread of Hell ; — the hope and power of Heaven ; The fullest, clearest knowledge of the plan — The only ineaus, by wnich he may and can Through Christ tie Saviour well himse.f approved To an all righteous, glorious God above, — > A God of Justice, though the God of Love. J But from the trial by the one great test Of Guilt and Innocence — of worst aud best Of mortal men ; descend we now to view, Mankind' s opinion, passed upon the two— Which is superior : — he who little knows Yet in his native, ignorance displays Kiuduess to friends, tho' cruelty to foes, And may be trusted ev'ry wbrd he says ; Or the eulightened, cultivated white, Mature in reason, treacherous and base, Professing Christianity, but quite A foe and stranger to each Christian grace ? Alas ! in such comparison 'tis true, The Cannibal is better of the two ! 