The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1836. If it be true, as modern philosophers affirm, that there is a march in intellect and that the world is daily growing wiser and better, posterity will look back with wonder at the policy which now regulates the affairs of these colonies. They were originally founded as places of refuge for offenders whom England could not safely keep at home, and a commensurate ex pense was consequently expected. After a lapse of years, the war expenses press ing heavy "at the time, encouragement was held out to emigrants, who it was hoped might serve in some degree to les sen the government charges, by taking the prisoners into employment and by gradually bringing into use the resources of the new country. This encourage ment consisted in free grants of land to the settler and the members of his fami ly.-in rations-in loans of livestock, in compensation for the number of prison ers kept, and other indulgences. The measure proved one of the wisest and most successful that any administration ever adopted. Not only was the original idea of lessening the charges of the pri soners abundantly accomplished, but many were reformed and became honest, in- dustrious members of society-the waste lands were brought into a productive state-the resources of the country were developed and a reciprocity of commer- cial interests established between the colonies and the mother countiy. The success of the first settlers soon invited others to follow, and the go- vernment, as provident stewards of the public, gradually withdrew its indulgences. The encouraging announcements from Downing street ceased to be promulgat- ed, and a more narrow policy was in- troduced. There is, however, a certain limit to which political economy can with propriety be carried and no farther. A laudable frugality in the public purse, too closely followed, soon dwindles into nig- gardliness, niggardliness into covetous ness, and covetousness into the culpable gripe of the wretched miser. So were the gradual steps of parsimony observed at head quarters towards these colonies. They are exclusively called crown colo- nies, but we are quite sensible the King is as yet in perfect ignorance of the mise- ries the latter penurious measures are entailing upon us, else His Majestj', gra- cious and kind hearted as he is, would not sanction their continuance one hour longer. Be it remembered too, that what may be called the liberal-the fossoring system, took nothing from the English coffers. It was simply the allowing of the waste lands to take their natural course and permitting them to become subject to the spade, the plough, and con- sequent appropriation of the settler. In the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, the British minister announced that Providence was too beneficent in spreading out the hills and vales of Australasia to invite the la- bour of man, and a huge padlock in the shape of an interdictory price was placed on every acre. While state lotteries and negro slavery were prohibited in the se- nate of London, auction land-gamb- ling of a far more demoralising and ruin- ous description, and white slavery were practised to a horrifying extent in Syd- ney, and Hobart town. In the present year, to crown the climax, we are requir- ed to pay without compensation or reward of one single arre or other benefit, not the expense of the prisoners we already employ and provide for, that being before defrayed, but of courts of justice and a constabulary to try and keep in safety all those who, irreducible to in- dustry by the single hand of the settler, can only be kept in restraint by the mul- tiform and stronger hands of govern- ment. We are not sure whether in the list of crimes, that of political ingratitude has. yet been enumerated. If not we fear wc have here an instance of its perpetration. While we congratulate ourselves that the grosser offences against society are in these enlightened days of less frequent occurrence, we must beware that their place be not supplied with a rifer cata- logue of moral tresspasses equally destructive of national happiness, which the laws do not reach. But perhaps the British minister has read Rousseau, and while he acknowledges gratitude to be amongst the most promi- nent of moral duties, conceiving the benefits that the emigrants to these colo- nies have rendered England, to have been prompted by interest, he considers also that in it a full acquittance has been made. "Ingratitude, says the philoso- pher of Geneva, would be far rarer than it is, if the benefactor were less fre- quently a usurer. The obliged who are ungrateful are far fewer in number than the obligers, who are interested, and who have sold what they have only feigned to give. A kindness that was truly a kind- ness never yet found a bosom that was ungrateful." If Rousseau had lived in Van Diemen's Land, it is probable he would have modi- fied this expression. .There may, we a conceive, (we would say we know) be ingratitude even to the most generous, as there may-be any other atrocious crime. But in political affairs, both the benefit and the offence are so dissipated in the mass, that ignorance of "the fact, ornant of consideration, is all that can in fair- ness be charged against a public officer. And here we come to the gist of our ar- gument. Under present citcumstances we blame no one, except our contempo- raries, and others who have misrepre- sented the truth. But if these lines meet, as we trust they will, the eye of the Se- cretary of State, it will require some effort of conscience to acquit that admin- istration of misgovernment, that would knowingly persist in the existing land and emigration regulations, as respects this colony. We protest, moreover, until 150 or 200 years to come, against being placed under the same restrictive measures as the British possessions in America, and until 30 years to come with those in New South Wales. What may be simply political physic to their adult frames, is downright poison to our tender years. A hope has latterly prevailed that the public indignation at the unmanly attacks upon Colonel Arthur, will have the effect of discountenancing printed slander and of putting an end to the wretched system of personal abuse, which has so long debased the colony. For ourselves, however, we confess we see little reason to entertain so pleasing an expectation. The habit of feeding perio- dically on a dish of our neighbour's cha- racter, has been too long indulged in, and is now too deeply rooted to be easily eradicated. As the day of publication comes round, the unnatural appetite re- turns, and the mental craving for slander like the sensual thirst of the drunkard, is only to be satisfied by successive draughts of intoxication and excitement. Let not, however, our slanderous con- temporaries flatter themselves, because we see little prospect, in the present state of things, of so glorious a consummation as the public disrelish of their poisonous trash, that their day of retribution is not at hand. They who strive to undermine and demolish a building, must expect to be more or less involved in its ruins. For years have these men been assailing the fabric of our little state, and if they have weakened its bulwarks—if they have sap- ped the foundations of truth—if influenced by their own private views of ambition, or factious dislike, they have lessened the public regard for the observance of social duties, they must be worse than mad if they expect in return the perform- ance of these duties towards themselves, or that full enjoyment of constitutional rights, which as Englishmen in a remote but well governed colony, we might fairly anticipate. And this is worthy of re- mark, that, those men, who are ever most clamorous for public rights, are at the same time most negligent of the recipro- cal duties. Whereas, without the prin- ciple of social and moral duty in ourselves, we can have no claim or expectation for its performance in return from others. Public rights and public duties are in all respects corresponding and commensu- rate. " Whatever service, says the first ethical writer of the age, it is my duty to do to any one, he has a moral right to re- ceive from me : there is one moral emo- tion, one simple feeling of approveable ness which constitutes to our heart, in the consideration of any action, the right or the duty, according as we view the agent, or him to whom his action re- lates." Language such as this, is of course wholly unintelligible to the conductors of a slanderous press-to men who are so perversely obtuse in intellect, as to mistake PATRIOTISM for the course they adopt. " The foundation of patriotism, says the talented Basil 3Iontagu, (father of our Puisne Judge) is virtue in private life. The patriot prefers the good of his country to his private good- he studies the science of Government that he may not mislead or be misled by injudicious zeal-ho is seldom a member of any party-he does not deny his governors their due praise-he views the people as a father views his children, erring and liable to err from want of knowledge, and he therefore avails himself of every opportunity to diffuse information a mongst his countrymen-he prevents their being hurried to excess by popular harangues - he promotes a masculine and independent spirit in the people-if necessary for their happiness he incurs their censure-liis plans are not sub- servient to considerations of reward, estate or title-he refuses preferment' if it may deprive him of the power to advance real good from the appearance of being interested - he cannot be bought." " Every demagogue, on the contrary, has his price-he shews his aptitude to manage the affairs of the commonwealth, by the neglect and ruin of his own family -his conduct originates in love of him- self, either to gratify his irritability, be- cause a reasonable or unreasonable re- quest has been refused, or to force his way by virulence and invective-he can manage a ship in a tempest, though he never saw the ocean ; he can cure dis- eases, although he is unacquainted with the structure of the human body; he would be a governor, without any know- ledge of the being to be governed-he is the leader of the mob, the triton among the minnows-his love of the people con- sists in exciting hatred against the go- vernment, he exaggerates evils to pro- duce riot; he inflates passing events into pennaaetrt cause« of miaow, he displays defects without their accompanying ad- vantages-he misleads by chains of sim- ple questions, where the apparent answers arc 'obvious, but the real answers require the 'comprehension of a system-he en- deavours to infuse his opinions into the indigent, who are always inflammable, into the timid, who arc naturally suspicious, into the ignorant, who are easily misled, and into the profligate, who have no hope but from mischief-he misleads the popu- lace by addresses to their best and to their worst passions, he appeals to their judgments, and flatters the vanity of igno- rance, he slanders honesty and insults dignity-he talks of the rights of English- men, the majesty of the people, the ad- vantages of the prerogative, and the danger of arbitrary power-he counten- ances the claims of the people, whether just or unjust, and raises false hopes to secure his own purposes-applause is his existence, he is nothing if not popular instead of opposing the errors of the mul- titude, he encourages their prejudices and inflames their passions-in him there is nothing liberal but his pretences." Thoughts upo7i Liberty and the rights of Englishmen. Such are some of the marks by which true and false patriotism may be dis- covered-by which our readers may dis- tinguish between the friends and the enemies of the Colony. The predominant species of patriotism which has for some time past characterised the columns of our contemporaries alluded to, it will be acknowledged, has mainly rested its claims to that noble virtue in the violence and virulence of its attacks on the per- son of Colonel Arthur. Now we are quite willing to allow that wherever the foot o*f an enemy with an enemy's purpose has pressed our soil, it is the duty of every good citizen to lend his aid to expel him. But before we proceed to do so, it is quite as necessary that Ave be convinced that we are right in our conjecture-that the supposed invader be really an enemy. For otherwise we may make the same fatal mistake which history records has been made in various popular states, we may seek the de- struction of our best friend instead. Colonel Arthur has been Lieutenant Governor of this Colony, for the long period of twelve j'ears and a half-it has grown and thriven under him-he has uniformly evinced in all Ids actions, pub- lic and private, an earnest desire for its welfare and advancement ; during that period, at least no one, we think, will be bold enough to dispute that the Colony is much indebted to him for success ; how, therefore, the claims of true pa- triotism are to be asserted by malig- nantly seeking the persecution of such a man, our contemporaries have not stop- ped to inform us. In the list of moral duties above ? alluded to is one termed political obedience-a duty which more especially derives its force from our ge- neral regard for the happiness of the community. From the station that Colonel Arthur fills as Lieutenant Go- vernor of this colony, this great and im- portant duty is of necessity by this mode of newspaper assault wholly and entirely set at naught. Colonel Arthur, as a matter of course, will triumph high above the enemies with whom it has pleased God to visit him ; but what becomes of the colony whose downfall is so obstinately sought at the same time ? A colony in which it is the purpose of certain writers to set truth at defiance ? in which slander is daily and hourly becoming more and more the favourite and popular amuse- ment ? in which it would be hazardous to say, as respects wordly gain, at least, that honesty was the best policy ? where the barriers of principle are industriously battered down by the periodical inroads of a demoralising press ? where honesty of purpose is overlooked and integrity robbed of its charm? where virtue is in- deed its own reward, being left without all other ? where temptations to evil are left without their check, and the in- firmities of our nature have no longer their bulwarks of defence ? Colonel Arthur w11 not have left our shores many days when his enemies will appear in their true colours. This we predict. When Phocion was accused by the citizens of Athens, over whom he had been forty-five times appointed go- vernor, and jealousy and rivalship pre- vailed against him, he received the insults of his assailants with dignified composure, and when condemned to drink the poi- sonous cup, taking it in his hand, he said, " this is no more than what I might have expected, this treatment the most illus- trious have received before me" The ungrateful Athenians, transported with popular phrenzy, refused the funeral rites to his dead body, which was interred by stealth. But his merits were not buried in oblivion. His countrymen soon re- pented of their ingratitude. They hon- oured his namo by raising magnificent statues to his memory, and putting to death his guilty accusers. At least, so say the historians, Plutarch, Ncpos, and Diodorus, authorities which wc make lit- tle question, will be disputed in the com- mentaries of oui* learned contemporaries. We regret, that by some oversight, we remained ignorant of the anniversary of that noble institution the Infant School Society yesterday until it was too late to be présentât it, which will account to the reader for our inability to report the proceedings more at length. His Excellency, the Patron was in the chair and expressed himself we learn highly gratified with the proficiency of the children. Averse as we are to intrude individual cases on the notice of the government or the public, sympathy compels us again to advert to the yet unsuccessful claim of ;Mr. Mather in compensation of charges incurred by crossing the government boats at Ralph's bay neck during a long period of )'ears. As Mr. Mather has been put to much and serious expense in per- forming this essential service-an ex- pense which subsequent events have shewn that he and his worthy family could ill bear, we are sure it is only ne- cessary to bring the matter thus respect- fully under the notice of the authorities, to obtain every fair and liberal redress. . The remarks in our last on the subject of rotation of crops have we are happy to say been so favourably received by our country readers, that we propose, when- ever room and opportunity permit to devote a column to rural affairs. i ri The little boy who delivered the stanzas so well at the anniversary of the Infant school yesterday, is the son, we learn of Mr. Jordan, who it is said has also the merit of composing them. Two of the New South Wales natives, we observe, have recently come up from Twofold bay. They appear much struck with the new objects presented to their notice in Hobart town. We need not suggest the policy of treating them kindly and of keeping them from all knowledge of those enemies of civilization, strong drink and tobacco. Mr. Fawkner brought over the first black from Port Phillip who has left his native land. Stress of weather obliged them to put into Circular Head, where the buildings at Highfield excited his admiration, but his surprise on visiting Launceston was unbounded. He had not reso lution however to allow the vessel to return without him. He is an intelligent youth and the description of what he has seen will pro bably induce others to follow his example, which may ultimately be attended with a happy effect with a view to conciliation. The report of the Van Diemen's Land Com pany read by the secretary to the shareholders in London, in April last, contains as many exag gerations and inconsistencies as we have seen put together for a long time. This however may be accounted for. The enactment of Nicol Jarvie by Mr. Jordan on Monday night is characterised by the dramatists as the very beau ideal of Walter Scott's conception. Injustice to the talents of this unfortunate per- former who it will be recollected had some time ago the misfortune to break his leg in coming across from Launceston, and in sympathy to his young family, wc would recommend that arrange- ments should be made before the close of the theatrical season, for giving him what his called a benefit. . Penstcmon Richardsonii.-We have had the pleasure to raise this beautiful plant from seeds obtained from Dr. (now Sir William) Hooker. It is one of the most beautiful of the penstcmons and is already numerous in the popular gardens of England. It was discovered by the late Mr. Douglas during his researches in Columbi... who named it in compliment to Dr. Richard on, the friend and companion of Sir John Franklin. The mention of Mr. Douglas leads us to ad- vert to the melancholy circumstances attending that indefatigable botanist's death in Oahu, * one of the Sandwich Islands, which recent ac countshavefullyauthcnlicated. The unfortunate gentleman had set out in the morning with his usual botanical apparatus tied up in a hand- kerchief and was cautioned before his departure to beware of the cattle traps or covered pits, dug by the natives for their capture. His body was found after some days search dreadfully gored at the bottom of one of these pits, a wild bull having fallen into it some time before. Mr. Douglas's name is associated with all the rare and beautiful plants lately introduced from north west America. To bim wc are indebted for the various new species of lupine, onothera, ribes, darkin, penstcmon and a host of other ornamental plants which now adorn our gar- dens. Mr. Douglas was bom at Scone, near Perth, and was gardener to the Earl of Mans- field. In 1817 he removed to Valley field, the seat of Sir Robert Preston and thence to the Botanic Garden of Glasgow, where his talents attracted the notice of Dr. Hooker. - After some time he was introduced by that gentleman to Mr. Sabine, as a botanical collector, and in 1823 was despatched to the United States. On his return he went out with some of the Hud- son's bay people and explored the banks of the Columbia river and 'California. He then brought to light several species of the genus pinn s of which the pinus Lambcrtiana named in honor of the vice president of the Linnoan Society, is the largest species known. Its cones are often a foot and a half long and one foot in circumference, and it rises to the height of from 200 to 250 feet. The kernel of the seed is sweet and is eaten by the Indians. Pinus Douglasii attains nearly the same size. In the spring of 1827, Mr. Douglas crossed the Rocky mountains to Hudson's bay, where he met Sir John Franklin, Dr. Richardson and Captain Back, returning from the second overland arctic expedition. He returned to England with these gentlemen. Several of his letters during his travels were published by Dr. Hooker in Brewster's Edinburgh Journal. We have had the pleasure to receive the First Annual Report of the Poor Law Commissioners. The new system'is evidently working great good. It has already reformed many gross abuses, and has shewn that much of the outcry of pauperism was brought on through the negligence or cor- ruptness of the officers under the old regimen. In many instances, three guineas were paid for a marriage license by the overseers, in order to get rid of .a troublesome pauper, eight shillings for a gold ring, and fifteen shillings for parson and clerk's expenses, and it sometimes turned out after all, that the party was married before. The Report contains many curious details. It lies on our Reading Room table. As we feared, the rain has again descended before the metal is put on the newly formed part of Collins-street, and the Gazette Office, the office of the summoning officer of the Court of Requests, and many other public and private establishments arc as much shut out from all in- ¡ tercourse with the rest of the world, as a village of Laplanders or Esquimaux Indians in the midst of winter. » Mu. DuTEitttAU, the artist, we are glad to see, has completed a very striking and perfect por- trait of His Majesty; and it is pleasing to ob- serve how closely it agrees with the graphic de- scription extracted from the " Recollections of the House of Lords," inserted in our journal four weeks ago. -*r*~ LITEHARY SOCIEIY, BOTHWELL.!-On Tucs daythe Cth of September inst., the first anni- versary meeting of this society took place, when the report was brought up and read by the secre- tary, the Rev. Mr. Garrett. The following is a brief recapitulation of the topics it embraced. This society was instituted by a few individ- uals, lovers of science, who subscribed liberally for the purchase of works in philosophy and general literature. There is already attached to the institution a very respectable library, both of circulation and reference, in which is to be found a variety of the popular periodicals of the day, as well as several British newspapers, and a considerable sum has recently been transmitted to London for the purchase of some of the most valuable modern publications-the members are also increasing. A peculiarly gratifying feature in the report is, the notice of the establishment oin cowrie of lectures on literary and scientific subjects, which are to be continued. Some of these have been illustrated by a series of valua- ble drawings and diagrams, by Mr. Moss, ona of the founders and honorary secretaries of the mechanics' institution, Bath, and the following subjects have been already treated of. By Mr. Moss, 1st lecture-On the peculiar advantages of scientific knowledge ; 2d lecture, on optics, including the anatomy and functions of the eye. By the Rev. Mr. Garrett, lstlecturc-On the atmosphere and its properties ; 2d lecture, on the infinite variety which characterises the ma- terial world. By Robert Barr, Esq., 1st lecture-On the advantages of history over fiction in the commu- nication of truth ; 2d lecture, on the necessity of every British subject studying the history of England. By Dr. Sharland, 1st lecture, on botany. These lectures have been fully attended, and taking into account the recent fonnation of the society, and the very limited population of the district, the institution may be considered as having already far exceeded the expectations of its founders. From the liberal subscriptions of some of its members and friends, the committee \have been enabled to order an air pump, electri- fying machine, and other necessary apparatus for the elucidation of the future courses of lec- tures. The report concludes by the observation, that " knowing the indifference which generally per- vades the population of a new country to literary and scientific pursuits, the proceedings of the society are highly satisfactory, and the commit- tee are authorized to indulge the most flattering hopes of its permanent success and beneficial influence ort the rising generation." THE SECRET OUT.-There now appears little doubt but that His Excellency and family will take their departure for England early in the next month, and that the dullness which has pervaded the town and the newspapers for the last two months is preparatory to the approaching commotion, the equinoctial gales having been Îiostponcd till that period. As soon as the vessel las passed Betsey Island, Mr. Henry Melville, Mr. Thomas George Gregson, Mr. Gilbert Robertson and Mr. Helmsley, being joined by Mr. William Bryan and Colonel Bradley from Brewer-street, Finsbury, who during the last six weeks have been waiting incognito under the shelter of a gum stump at Research bay, living upon oyster shells and smoking kangaroo apples, will proceed with a team of six bullocks to the government house. By this arrangement the Russian fleet which has for some time been collecting at the mouth of the Derwent will be dispersed, and Mulgrave battery will be saved according to the plan laid down by the Rev. Mr. Knopwood. This will at once have the effect of adjusting all unsettled matters which have been so long pendingin the Survey Office to the entire satisfaction of the aborigines of Port Phillip. Mr. Gellibrand will be declared potentate of that beautiful country, and the hundred thousand acres that were promised to the London lawyer for adjustment, having been measured due south into the Pacific, that gentleman's Australasiatic estate, as the name implies, will be wholly com- posed of liquid. The rival potentates of Port Phillip and Cape Grim "will place their opposite claims in the hands of'Capt. M. L. Smith as mediator at King's island. It is with pain, how- ever, vve add in the midst of this happy state of things that Mr. Thomas Allen Lascelles, not having been appointed to the Police Magistracy of New Norfolk as he had every right and reason to expect, has avowed his intention, of carrying over the whole force of the talents for which he is so justly celebrated into the ranks of the oppo- sition, and has solemnly declared that every secret of the enemy which has been confided to his breast he will without the least hesita- tion publish to the world and a great deal more. What the result of this unforeseen step may be, we are unwilling to conjecture, but a public meeting has, we learn, been called for the pur- pose of allowing Mr. Lascelles to advocate the rights of the people and the New Norfolk ma- gistracy. " "' MARISCHAL COLLEGE, ABERDEEN.-John Abercrombie, Esq., M. D., was re-elected Lord Rector of Marischal College. The other candidate proposed was Mr. Bannerman, M. P. The numbers were, Dr. Abercrombie, 185 ; Mr. Bannerman, 43. In the library of the Duke of Buckingham, at Stowe, is deposited a box containing papers, which are secured with three seals. The con- tents of the box are understood to be manuscript letters of, and documents relating to, Juniiis. Miss ROBERTS, author of the interesting volume, Two years at Sea, in which her visit to this colony is described, has produced a new work entitled Lowenstein. King of the Forest. It is very highly spoken of by the reviewers, and is characterised as full of gentleness and good' feeling. The new school erected by the licensed vic- tuallers in Kennington lane Lambeth, will be one of the handsomest public buildings round London. The principal funds for the support of the establishment, in addition to that for decayed members and widows, are derived from the licensed victuallers newspaper the Morning Ad- vertiser which commenced in 1794 This shews that newspapers are not always evils. The Van Diemen's Land Monthly Magazine. The two first numbers of this antipodean period- ical have just reached us, and are creditable to the colony. The original articles are written with plain unaffected good sense ; and some, we refer particularly to the ' Chapter on Gardens,' are likely, we should think, to do good service. Athenäum. Tlie author of the pleasures of hope, being at a dinner party with Mr. Turner, R.A., whose enthusiasm for his art led him to speak of it and of its professors as superior to all others, the hard rose, and after alluding with a mock gravity, to his friend's skill in varnishing painters as well as paintings, proposed the health of Mr. 'I urner, and the worshipful company of painters and glaziers. This, (to use the newspaper phrase) called up Mr. Turner, who with a similar solemnity, expressed his sense of the honour he had received, made some good humoured allusions to the blotters of foolscap, whose works were appropriately bound in calf; and concluded by proposing in return, the health of Mr. Campbell, and the worshipful company of paper-stainers. SCHOOLS_No country, perhaps, possesses so many ancient, venerable institutions for the promotion of education as England ; and yet, with the amplest means, the least is effected. The report of a parliamentary committee on the state of education (1834) gives valuable information respecting the schools ; it is founded on the questions which were put to 1500 over- seers, and which they answered with the assist- ance of the clergy and the schoolmasters. Most of the schools belong to two great societies the National, and the British and Foreign School Society. Tlie bond which holds them together is, however, entirely dependent on their own discretion, and the similarity of certain principles which they have adopted. On the other hand, it includes neither dependence, nor superintendence, nor scientific direction, nor any form or positive code of regulations. It may be said, that they have only the same relation to each other as the Benedictine Con- vents in the middle ages, before the foundation of the great congregations. The main differ- ence between the two societies is, that the National receives children of all denominations, even Jews ; but the religious instruction is given wholly according to the doctrines of the Established Church. The British and Foreign Society, on the other- hand,- give's no religious' instruction according to the doctrines of any one denomination, but contents itself with the reading and expounding suitable portions of the bible. The two societies have lately become very extensive, and have encouraged and sup- ported those who entered by little presents. But with this wholly voluntary attendance, no regular system for further extension can be pre- scribed or employed ; neither are there any satisfactory institutions for the education of schoolmasters. The teachers sometimes receive a small salary, and sometimes they have only voluntary contributions to depend upon. The British society, in consequence of the principle which it has adoped respecting religious in- structions, enjoys no assistance or support from the elergy, and even for the national schools' their co-operation is not legally enjoined.- Von Ranmer. Undoubtedly much more might be done for education by means of the richly endowed schools, if they were kept in activity by moder- ate superintendence, and adapted to the wants of the age. All these defects of the public establishments of education give birth to a mul- titude of private boarding- schools. These are, of course, still less subject to any inspection or examination. Keeping school is considered as a free trade, which flourishes or goes to ruin ac- cording to the qualifications of the master. But arguments might surely be alledged to show why the school should be considered in a dif- ferent light from the workshop of a shoemaker or tailor, and why the proof of a certain ability or qualification is here much more necessary than in other cases. Fiat experimentum, say, they, in corpore vili ; but here the experiments are often made on precious bodies and souls, that is, if the accusation be true, that in boarding schools there is much corporal chastisement, and little attention to moral education. At all events, those who set up such Schools are almost com- pelled to consider pecuniary advantage as a principal object, and thus, nearly all of them are exclusively for the children of the rich. Still greater complaints have been made of the Gymnasia, especially of the celebrated Eton College, than of the schools. It is not my business tantas eomponcre lites; I therefore add only a few words on this subject. The censure respects the small number of school hours (said to be only eleven in the week)-the tyranny which the elder scholars practise, in a scandal- ous manner, over the younger ones-the exces- sive exercise of mere memory-the constant assemblage of so many scholars in one hall, which causes interruptions, and makes it impos- sible for them to work and think in quiet re- tirement-the partial or unequal treatment of the rich and noble-the corporal punishments, till the pupils have risen into certain classes, and, above all, the limited number of the subjects taught, and the antiquated mode of teaching.-Ibid. Wine AN» TORY.-To almost every part of Johnson's distinction of a Whig and Tory, says Dr. Parr, I assent ; there is no part which docs not contain judicious remarks and useful infor- mation. * A wise Tory and a wise Whig,' he says, ' will, I believe, agree. Their principles arc the same, though their modes of thinking are different. A high Tory makes government unintelligible ; it is lost in the clouds. A vio- lent Whig makes it impracticable ; he is for allow- ing so much liberty to every man that there is not power enough to govern any man. The prejudice of the Tory is for establishment; the prejudice of the Whig is for innovation. A Tory does not wish to give more real power to government, but that government should have more reverence. Then they differ as to the church. The Tory is not for giving more legal power to the clergy, but wishes they should have a considerable influence founded on the opinion of mankind ; the Whig is for limiting and watching them with a narrow jealousy.'' ; -A-BREWERY.-When-the -sale of Thralc's brewery was going forward, Johnson appeared bustling about, with an ink-horn and pen in his button-hole like an exciseman ; and on being asked what he really considered' to be the value of the property which was to be disposed of, answered, ' Weare not here to sell a parcel of boilers and vats, but the potentiality afgroiving rich beyond the dreams of avarice.' THE EUPHRATES ExrEnmoN.-Colonel Ches- ney and all the officers, except Lieut. Cleve- land, had suffered from illness, and the Expedi- tion had lost nineteen men. I have every reason to believe that both steamers have ere this sailed from Bir, on their way to Bussoruh, a distance of 1100 miles. Col. Chesney is very sanguine of success. The depot of the'Expedition is only ] 87 miles from Scandcroon, and we sent them as much of our provisions and stores as we could spare, and six seamen of the Columbine, who volunteered for the Expedition, were landed, and sentón by Mr. Hays, the Vicc-Consul. Col. Chesney has gained the good-will of some of the Arab chiefs, and if they should become per- suaded of the ultimate advantages to themselves by the -opening of this channel for commerce, the steamers may pass down unmolested. Letter from an Officer in H. M. S. Columbine, POOR LAWS.-In the house of industry at Bulcamp a regularly-licensed shop has for years been fitted up and allowed to be kept by a female pauper in the house of industry, for the con- venience of the other paupers. The exciseman attends periodically to ' take stock,' the same as at any tradesman's shop or warehouse ; and the last time I visited the housp, application was made to me, on behalf of this old pauper-shop- keeper, as to the future prospects of her trade. The season had arrived at which it was custom- ary to renew the licences for the sale of her to- bacco, tea, &c.; I recommended, however, at the risk of lessening the revenue, that the old lady should relinquish business and retire, as her trade was not likely to be so good under the new arrangements. " Tile house is surrounded by a small farm belonging to the hundred. There are ten milch cows kept, and the paupers are supplied with the milk and best fresh butter ; and I was informed that the guardians had repeatedly declared that they could not get such butter at their own tables as the paupers were supplied with in the Bulcamp house of industry,"-Commissioners' Report, Sir F. Head. A CLAN FIGHT_A paper war is just now raging in the north between " the Mackintosh" and " Cluny Macpherson," respecting the claim of each to the chieftainship of the Clan Chat- tan. Cluny alleges that he is " the Chief of the Clan Chattan," and the Mackintosh says that he is " the veritable and acknowledged Chief of the Clan Chattan." -We presume not to say which is in the right, but at present the latter seems to have the advantage, for he has fired off a certificate by the Lyon King, dated in 1C72, in which it is set forth that the Mackin- tosh is the undoubted Chief of Clan Chattan, including the M'Queens, M'Gillivrays, M'Fails, M'Kaincs, and many other Macs besides ; and that the then Laird of Cluny was merely a " Cadet" of the same family. We trust the important question will be determined without much bloodshed, or what would be worse, an appeal to the opinion of a Van Diemen's land Judge. FROM THE TIN TRUMrET. " Alderman-A ventri-potential citizen, into whose mediterranean mouth good things are per ir- petually flowing, although none come out. the His shoulders, like some of the civic streets, are widened at the expense of the coqioration.' He resembles Wolsey ; not in ranking himself the with princes, but in being a man ' of an un gn hounded stomach.', A tooth js the only wise thing in his head, and he has nothing particular good about him .except his digestion, which is an indispensible quality, since he is destined to become great by gormandizing, to masticate his way to the mansion-house, and thus, like a mouse in a cheese, to provide for himself a large dwelling, by continually eating. His talent is in his jaws ; and like a miller, the more he grinds the more he gets. From the quantity he devour?, it might be supposed that he had two stomachs, like a cow, were it not manifest that he is no ruminating animal." " Bathos-in the published tour of a lady, who has attained some celebrity in literature. Describing a storm to which she was exposed, when crossing in the steam-boat from Dover to Calais, her ladyship, says,-' In spite of the earnest solicitations to the contrary, in which the captain eagerly joined, I firmly persisted in remaining upon deck, although the tempest had now. increased to such a frightful hurricane, that it was not without great difficulty I could- hold up my parasol P " One of our poets, a remarkably cadaverous looking man, recited a poem, descriptive of a country walk, in which the following couplet occurred : The redbreast, with his furtive glance, Comes and looks at me askance ; upon which a wag exclaimed-' if it had been a carrion-crow, he would have stared you full in tile face. Appetite_A relish bestowed on the poorer classes, that they may like what they cat, while it is seldom enjoyed by the rich, because they may eat what they like. Bait.-One animal impaled upon a hook, in order to torture a second, for the amusement of a third. Speculation.-A word that sometimes begins with its second letter. 'Posthwnous Glory_A revenue payable to our> ghost ; an ignis factuus ; an exhalation arising from the ashes and corruption of the body ; the glow-worm of the grave ; a Jack-o'-lantern, of which a skeleton is the Jack, and the lantern a dark one; protracted oblivion ; the short twilight that survives the setting of the vital sun, and is presently quenched in the darkness of night. ' Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,' may bo saß of our fame, as well as of our frame : one is buried very soon after the other. When the rattling earth is cast upon our coffin, it sends up a hollow sound, which, after a few faint echoes, dies and is buried in oblivious silence. That fleeting noise is our posthumous renown. Living glory is the advantage of being known to those whom you don't know ; posthumous glory is enjoying a celebrity from which you can derive no enjoy- ment, and enabling every fpuppy in existence to feel his superiority over you by repeating the old dictum, that a living dog is better than a dead lion, or by quoting from Shakespeare-' I like not such grinning honour as Sir Walter bath 1' Scandal.-What one half the world takes a pleasure in inventing, and the other half in believing. ." World-tlie_A great inn, kept in a per- pétuai bustle by arrivals and departures : by the going away of those who have just paid 'their bills (the debt of nature), and the coming' of those who will soon have a similar account to settle :-Decessio pcreuntitan, et succcssio peritn rontm." Lundy Foot, the celebrated snuff manufac- turer, originally kept a small tobacconist's shop at Limerick. One night his house, which was uninsured, was burned to the ground. As he contemplated the smoking ruins on the following morning in a state bordering on despair, some of the poor neighbours, groping among the em- bers for what they could find, stumbled upon several cannisters of unconsumed but half-baked snuff, which they tried, and found it so grateful to their noses, that they loaded their waistcoat pockets with the spoil. Lundy Foot, roused from his stupor, at length imitated their example and took a pinch of his own property, when lie was instantly struck by the superior pungency and flavour it had acquired from the great heat to which it had been exposed. Treasuring up this valuable hint, he took another house in a place called Black Yard, and preparing a large oven for the purpose, set diligently about tlie manufacture of that high dried commodity which soon became widely known as Black Yard snuff; a term subsequently corrupted into the more familiar word-Blackguard. Lundy Foot, making his customers pay literally through the nose, raised the price of his production, took a larger house in Dublin, and ultimately made a handsome fortune by having been ruined. Earl Mulgrave the, late governor of Jamaica, was the first to break down the narrow-minded prejudice which exists with such force in the West Indies and the United States by inviting ladies and gentlemen of colour to his parties at Government house. Three medical men of distinction, MM. An dral, Ferrus, and Rostan, were despatched to Ham with a view of examining into and report- ing upon the state of health of the prisoners. They visited Prince de Polignae and M. de Guernon Ranville; but Count de Peyronnct, from mistaken notions of self respect, and M. de Chantclauzc, from mental infirmity caused by so long a captivity, refused to admit them. . The Paris papers state, that M. Scribe, the dramatist, was admitted a member of the French academy. The speech of M. Villemain, the perpetual Secretary, upon receiving him was highly complimentary. The Bishop of Norwich is a singulnr instance of a Protestant Bishop married to a Roman Ca- tholic lady ; and the lady constantly enjoys the privilege of having her confessor resident in the Bishop's house. A bill was introduced into the French cham- ber of deputies containing the fundamental arrangements for the abolition of slavery in the French colonies, and mentioning the period when slavery should cease in all the French possessions. Tlie sugar crop in Brazil was not expected to amount to one half the average produce owing to the long and continued rains with which that country had been visited. What was injurious to tlje cane was however favourable to the to- bacco orop. Mr. Henry Roscoe, youngest son of the cele- brated William Roscoe, a young man of very superior talents,-emulous of his father, died at Gateacre, Liverpool, in April last, aged 37. By the death of Lieutenant General Lord Hartland without issue, the Irish barony of Hartland, one of the many titles which sprung out of the Union, devolves on his only surviving brother, the Hon. and Rev. Maurice Mahon, whose eldest son married a daughter of the Bishop of Norwich. Liutenant General Lord Crewe, Peer of England, died at his country seat, near Liege, after a short illness. Lord Crewe accompanied Lord Macartney on his celebrated embassy to China. ? The late Lord Vernon is succeeded in his title and estates by his only son, the Hon. George John, bom in 1803, married Oct. 30, 1824, Isa- bella Caroline, eldest daughter of Cuthbert Ellison, esq. and sister to Viscountess ' Stor- mont. The death of the late Viscount Hood, at Whalley Abbey, was awfully sudden. He had been partaking of a luncheon with Lady Hood and Mr. Kirkby, the portrait painter of Leam- ington, with both of whom he had been engaged in cheerful conversation, when in a few minutes afterwards, while in the act of walking from the tt. dining room to the library, his lordship fell ts, down, and almost instantly expirai. i.' Tlie present Viscount Hood, vvhohassucceed slf ed his grandfather, is in his 28th ycaf ; and was recently a Lieutenant in the 3d or Scotch Fusi lcqr guards. -. ' ! ? * ' ' ' '? .,' Died at his' house in Little' Britain, Mr. Greenhill, sen., musical instrument maker, aged 53\. He was well known to almost all the coach guards in the kingdom, having been the first who introduced the use of the bugle on our coaches, a vast improvement upon the old tin horns. He always accompanied the mail coach- es on their anniversary processions and played lively airs during their procession on the King's birth day. Dr. Turton the naturalist and learned trans- lator of Linmeus, died lately at Bideford, Devon, aged 73. 