«TONST TllBATKZOAX. XWTVLXtX* OUNCE. Not having been present ourselves, we adopt the observations we have been favoured with, by a very judicious corre- spondent ; believing them to be all fair and applicable. FROM A CORRESPONDENT.-A Tragedy called" Hamlet" was played on Thura-» day evening last. There being v irions opinions whether that play of .. ila nlet" which was then played by'tho Sydney corps dramatique wits Shakespeare's or not, we forbear entering into any parti- culars, until made positive its to who was the author of those «iiblillie sentences, heard on the above evening. After this Tragedy, (for warm weather) which was not finished lill past 11 o'Clock, Dibden'» ballad opera of the " Wateroian" followed. The performance of tliis"p'irco throughout was very »owl, but it may bo supposed, from the business of the sccno ' being so imperfect, as it was-, that thero could not have been any rehearsal of it beforehand. Buckingham, a most de- serving ftelor, was excellent as *. Old Bundle", Lee, was not quito as humour- ous as Robin should have boen. Sim- mons played the "Jolly joung Water- man" in bis usual stylo of goodness, apd «ung " then fare theo well my Trim-built Whery" excellently ; it is a matter of surprise, that havitit: so good a toko himself be does not produce more operas. Mrs Tnylor was the Welhelmina, her assumption of gentilitvj was capitally bit " off, and kept the audience in one conti- nual roar of laughter, introducing thesong3 " Love was a Mischievous Boy", aud Moore's colebrated song of ~" 'Ihe Harp that once thio'Tara's Halls", tbo latter ol' which was finely executed, yet it waa not quite equal to tbo manner in which we have sometimes heard that lady sing; but allowances must be mado when the singer has to play the part of a" Tragedy I Queen", and immediately aftor^ .. au operatic character; Mrs, Uownsdeserves much credit for her personification of | Mrs. Bündel, we ure glad to see the hours so well attended. Since delivering the foregoing critique of Thursday evening's performances to be typographically, " set up,"' we have been furnished with a report of them, which we subjoin. Playgoers will differ as well ' as doctors. Perhaps such of our reader* as were present on the occasion will not , object to play the part of composers ia ibis weighty matter of desputci», and decide accordingly. We tear with res- pect to one or two or more attempts at character, the author might with reason have quoted his own words. " I had as lief the town crier spoke my lines," that « having looked on that picture let us now look on this. THEATRICAL INTELLIGENCE.-*. The Bard of Avon's" beautiful and affecting *~ Tragedy of " Hamlet" was performed on Thursday evening to a respectable, intel- ligent, and overflowing house. It ii but justice toremaik en passant that the managers of the Sydney Theatre have lately produood upon the stage pieces that 4 cannot fail gratifying the public, who at the same time have not been backward iu their patronage of the legitimate Drama. The difficult character of " Hamlet« Prince of Denmark," was most ably represented by Mr. Knowles. It is clearly that gentleman's chef d'ouvré, a bit, a palpable hit, and had been closely studied so that we had the words of the é " immortal bard" without any garbling. Judging from the very correct style of Mr. Knowles' acting in " Hamlet," it appeared to many that be had pitted him« self against tho capital acting of Mr. Spencer in " Richard the Third" if so «j the design and ambition are laudible. The diamond in the rough could never receive its pioper lustre unices brought into contact with substance of ita own. The " Ghost" was sustained by Mr. Spencer. This character may be consi- + dered as insignificant by those unac- quainted with the difficulty of a correct representaron ; a deep sound voice, clear ennnciation and appropriate.aolion decidedly marked that gentleman's ghost», ship. The " King" had been cast to Mr. L Groves, but injudiciously. The perform** " ance was below mediocrity. " Polonius" -Mr. Lane required a little more close study. "The Gravedigger"wassupporled so ably by Mr. Lee as to call down , repeated plaudits. " Osrick" by Mr. Johnson was respectably gone through with. " Laertes" a character containing many difficult points was correctly han- 1 died by Mr. Simmons. Mrs. Taylor's character of the .' Queen" was not ill sustained, but that lady cannot make herself look sufficiently old for such parts. Mrs. Jones's " Ophelia" was an interest- ing performance. To speak of the piece ' generally a very few words shall suffice. \ Were a slight alteration made in the cast of one or two of the parts, it would always bring full houses and become a favourite of the public. The musical afterpiece of the " Waterman" closed tho evening's amusements. It is a light, lively, airy trifle, and appeared to afford .** general amusement judging from the occasional general bursts of laughter which were drawn from the audience. The whole of the corps were well up iu in their parts. Mrs. Taylor warbled two songs most beautifully. While on the subject of Theatricals it may be as well to point out to the inde- fatigable manager's notice improvements of two or three things that .would not bo ^ thrown awayuj- onajudiciouspublicsuch as a littletouchtng up and smarter shittiugof , the scenery, more attention to the clean- liness of the boxes, a few lamps around the lower similar to those in the upper boxes, and ta little more veuitllation. We are {¿ratified . to notice so much im- provement in the musical department, , both as respects the selection of pieoea -f and the execution of them. CORONERS INQUESTS. — On Sunday an Inquest was convened at Mr. Driver's Public house King street, on the body of Mary Burke who died suddenly the previous day. It appeared in evidence that deceased had been for a long period labouring under a severe indisposition which bad caused her premature Death Verdict — Died by the visitation of God. On Monday another Inquest was held at the Rum Puncheon, Kings wharf, on the body of Thomas Clark, which had been found that morning floating in the cove, no evidence being adduced that in any way pointed out the manner in which deceased came to his Death, the Jury returned a verdict of found drowned. A third Inquest was held on Tuesday at the Globe Tavern, on the body of William Howers, who on the previous evening had been placed in the watchhouse in consequence of being drunk ; at two o'clock the following morning, he was found dead. Died by the visitation of God. 