DRAMA. On Thursday night was performed "The Somnambulist." No piece could have been more injudiciously chosen, but, being selected, it became necessary, surely, that it should be rehearsed, which could never have been the case, to judge by the prompter, whose voice was to be heard over the whole house. This piece cannot be correctly played with the present strength of the company : the characters formerly sustained by Simmons and Mackie are given to performers totally incapable to sustain them. The actors did not know the ghost of a line ; the ladles were somewhat better, but even they did not come off with eclat on this occasion. M. de Rosambert, by Mr. Knowles, was an extraordinary perform- ance ; he threw his legs and arms about in fine pantomimic style. After that specimen, if they should get up a panto mine at Christmas, he could not do better than play Harlequin. As to study, why, that was just as usual. Edmund, by Mr. Spencer, was a failure : he cannot sustain any of the characters that used to be played by Mackie ; he did not even look the character ; he also, when addressing Mrs. Taylor, called her a spacious Jeza bel : perhaps he meant specious. Colin de Trop was made nothing of by Win- ters ; he looked like the running waiter of a tavern ; his dress was in keeping. Mr. Simes played M. La Notaire, he looked the character, and that was all. Mr. Buckingham made a very decent Oliver. Mrs. Taylor sustained the cha- racter of Ernestine ably, and saved the piece from being floored. Mrs. Larra was very decent as Dame Michael. Miss Douglass was effective as Madame Gertrude ; she strives to play well, and evidently with a desire to please. Mar- celine, by Mrs. Downes, is just adapted to her; she should never be put out of that line. The curtain fell in solemn silence. If the proprietor is in want of an evening's amusemont, let him pro vide himself with a printed copy of any piece they may play; and it is a question if in running it over, and comparing it with the performance, he does not have a rich treat of the burlesque. Mr. Fitz- gerald having capered through a horn- pipe, the curtain rose for the farce of "The Spoiled Child;" 'twas indeed a farce; all Mrs. Cameron's talent as Little Pickle could scarcely save it; here the want of a rehearsal was clearly evident again: the prompter's lungs must be tolorably strong to stand such a constant call upon them. "Killing no Murder" concluded the evening's entertainments, and crowned the affair ; hardly one dozen lines of the author were quoted through the whole piece, and it was evident that a little swearing, neatly introduced, had a wonderful effect upon the gods. Mrs. Taylor's acting, and singing of "Adieu then sweet Mary for ever," and " Per- haps 'tis as, well as it is," was the only portion of the performance that could be called even respectable. 