BRITISH LITERATURE. REVIEW OF NKW DOOKS. [Visit to Alexandria, Damascus, and Jcru st.'em, during the sucassjul campaign\ of Iii ultim Pasha. By Edward Hogg,* M.JU. .2 volt. London,*1835. -Atlas ] The fluctuations (hat aro daily passing, mor tho oast, and the suspense iiivvhich its affairs are kept by the growing power of 'Egypt, the derline of the Ottoniiin rule, and iho vvaichlul policy of Russia afford sufficient exente for aniow woik upon 1 subject which has already heoii fer>i>oi)f books. Syria nntl Palestine, J'gypt and Nubia-the scenes of tlip v. »dest traditions of our faith-oro now the theatre of a vast political «tingóle, and so rapiil aro the changes lowhir.li they are subject, that wo v1ook with anxiety to the reporta of the'last traveller, although much that-he has lo tell has been already told. The picturesque of Iho east lias been nearly exhausted-but its political ond social nspocts yield an abundant harvest. The route lies from Naples to Malta, and tbence alrcct to Alexandria, where Dr. Hogg was rccicved willi groat kind- ness by the Pasha, from whom he obtain- ed some valuable hints upon the general fcaturos of Egyptian politic. At Alex- andria he embarked for Syria, and landed at Tripoli, and departed from thence with u caravan, passing Mount Lebanon, and the Booka to lía I bec, where ho visited ? the celebrated temples,-' now converted into a fortress by tho Moslems. From Balbcche proceeded to Damascus, which affords him matter for consideration in proportion to its importance, and then re crossing the iJecku, ho passed on to Sal dee, the ancient »¡don, visiting Lady Hector Stanhope in her mountain retreat, from thence to Soor, the Type of tho \- ancients, Acre, the scone of ono of the most memorable sieges of our time, JVIount Carmel, Jaffa, and Jerusalem. JrJrving satisfied his curiosity in that quarter, ho went to Uamietla.and then to .Alexandria, ascended the Nile to Upper Egypt, returned to Thebes, participated in a tete given in Eelzoni's tomb, and finally, glad to o«capo from the Egyptian .Nilo boats, dis mbarked at Cairo. From 'this sketch of the track, the nature of the subjects treated of . in these volumes ma) be seen ; of their execution we will enable the reader to judgo by placing before him extracts, as copious asourspaco will permit us to make. Passing over the intermediate journey, we. will open at once on Alexandria. Here is a picture of iho streets-tho eos ' tume of the peoplo-and the internal aspect of the place, that is extremely . vivid and life-like. " Our hotel was situated in the middle Frand quarter, and I felt us if-I should never be tired of the new and pcrpc ' tually-changing scene which our pro- jecting cage always presented. The constant succession of passengers was made up of a motly assemblage of Arabs, Turks, Greeks, and Franks, each in their peculiar costume. Military officers fre- quently passed on hotseback, in richly embroidered uniforms, with an ornament on each breast, either simply of wrought silver, or composed of diamonds, accord- ing to their grado ; always with one or two " running footmen" in long blue cotton vests, anti white turbaus, preceding their horses, and often followed by two others, whose dresses had a moro mili- tary cast. Sometimes groups of soldiers lounged by, shabbily habited in dingy \- red jackets anti trowsers, with a cap ot tho sante colour ; many of them tall, .well-grown men, of every variety of com- plexión, ill-dressed, bare legged, and almost shoeless. Then carno stiings ol' camels, carrying sk'ns of water, loads of merchandize, and indeed every thing that .'requires transputt, for wheeled carriages aro never used lor such purposes here. People of all c1 thses and countries passed by mounted oti.donkies, which supply the place of hackney coaches, together with Arab «omen carrying on their heads water j ti r -, or large shallow baskets, con- taining bread, and other articles, for sale. Thcso are dressed only in a long and full blue cotton garment, with a piece of ihe \- same material thrown over tho head, one comer of which, held in the tuon'li, per- forms the office of a veil, or, more fre- quently, their ugliness is concealed by a long blue lace cloth, ornamented at the top with coloured beads. They are usually tall, and well formed, but those ? of the lower class, who sometimes leave their faces uncovered, have a frighttil hluo ornament tattooed botuath the lower lip, a dirty, olive complexion, and almost a disgusting, and squalid appearance. Now and then women of the better class passed along, shrouded from head to foot in rapacious black silk wrappers, while a narrow white veil, reaching from the top of the nose to the leet, by allowing the . eyes only to bo seen, produced a hideous ghost Uko aspect. These portly dames, whose voluminous wrappings and wad ling gait, when on foot, give them the appearance of walking woolsacks, were often mounted astride on donkeys, their feet placed in short stirrups, and their awkward-looking, elevated saddles, as well as the backs of the animals they rode, coverod with rich carpets. An at- tendant held the bridle, and ono or two other» followed according to their rank. Negroes of both sexes were frequently mingled with the crowd, some ot them smartly dressed, with gay red turbaus, while others looked as if devoted lo a life of laborious «lavery, or of abject destitution. The scene was now and then diversified by groups of pictutorsque beg- gars, often surrounded by numerous children, all nearly in a state of nudity, and many of them partially or totally hlind ; these moved slowly along, con stautly repeating, iu a piteous tone, their importunate supplications. The pasha, -whoso great European re- putation invests him with great personal interest, received Dr. Hogg and his companion with great courtesy, and in the course of a conversation with them gave thom houio useful udvico, informing them that they should he furnished with Mich it firem.ni in their journey to Dam \- asuiix »s nuuiild ensiire their safety, bin rmjiiiiUMeiiilingthcni.ifll «y fourni Unit tilt city hud hteii forcibly t'tiicied hy Iiiha him Pasha, to assnmo the Turkish dress. Mr. Thnrhurn ngrccd willi his high- ness in opinion as to iho expediency, of adopting tho costume of tim country, ob sening, thal hats had seldom heon «een tit Damascus, und the appearance of thein at this juncture might produc« dis ennlcnt -or cvon pnhlie tlisttirlianco. The pasha replied, that the inhabitants of that city had always been barbarous, fanatic, and untractable; but that, before tho end of a year, if it remained in his possession, tho English consul, who has formerly been refused admission, should lio established in peace andsecuiily.arid hats no longer bo considered a rarity. This last remark was neeompanied with anarch look, anti a hourly KtiglMi laugh, ou-tlio part of the pasha, in which the only two-of his audience »who understood til«! equivocal meaning ot ihe word us heartily joined, for hats aro held such abomination hy the Turks as to be continually the subject» of wit and ridi- cule, lu illustration of the barbarous chu racterof the people of Damascus, his highness related the following anccilote. A European traveller, in the course ol his/j'iurney, arrived in that city, lo the great annoyance of the then governing pasha. After a short imprisonment, and suffering tho punishment of the bastina- do, ho was dismissed, to find his way to some moro hospitable asvlum. On dis co\ erington hal counlryilie belonged, it was suggested to (ho head of tho govern- ment, that a complaint »of this, outrage' ni'ght purhnpá be made by the represen- tative of the traveller's nation at Con stantinople, and that perchance his high mightiness might some day bo catletl to account for the severity he had exer cisotl. To bo prepared for auch tin *' toward orent," the unfortunate guide who hat! conducted tho traveller limber, was instantly seized, and fivo hundred, blows inflicted on tho soles of his teet, for Inning brought the governor into such a dilemma. This was considered by the authorities to be a sullicient satisfaction to the traveller lor the .suffering he had inadvertently undergone, nor did they cutortaiu any doubt of being elsewhere exculpated from all blame by this con- vincing proof of the promptitude and impartiality willi which they administered justice. Of the Greeks, his highness gave the following opinions, which are wound up with some allusions to his own histoiy that are extiemely curious ; He was of opinion that if that country had produced tiny man of commanding talent, capable of uniting' all parties, und of judiciously directing their eiTdris to ono object, a favourable termination would long since have been obtained; and even now, if a prince possessed ol power and wealth bad been advanced to the throne, ho might have reconciled the conflicting opinions and opposing inter- ests which still distract that unhappy country, and have succeeded in estab- lishing a government upon a solid foun- dation. At present, however, there was no sign that the newly-lornu-d monarchy would bo efficiently supported either by power, talent, or treasure, and how thoo could its stahili.y or permanence bn an- ticipated ? He said he knew the Greeks well, and had long since foretold to Admiral Cod rington the nntimely end of Capo il'Istria. and that his prediction bad been fulfilled to the very letter, although a lillie later (hau ho had expected. He believed the same fate to await the new King Otho, unless he brought vyith him a sufficient body of troops to secure his personal safety, and a wcll.stored treasury to satisfy the rapacity of those who could he gained by no oilier means. He referred at some length to himself, anti his own early proceedings!. Ho said that he carne int> Egypt amero unpro- tected soldier, with nothing but his sword and his courage to befriend him-for he hail not even secured the support of an influential patron in the supremo divan at Constantinople, an advantago which those sent to distant couuntries generally took care to obtain-that his ambition, at that timo, did not aspire to avery high grad« ; but, by taking advantage of cir- cumstances as they arose, and by judici ously managing [the various " classes of men with whom he had to deal, hi had gradually, and by his own dibits only raised himself to the station he now filled. The personal appearance of the pasha, and the apartment in which he received his visitors, are also possessed of some interest : - The pasha was simply dressed-with- out either embroidery or jewels-anti wore a sabre plainlymotnted in gold. His staturo is rather utider the middle size ; he does not appear to be more than sixty, is plump and well-looking, with dark, restless, piercing eyes; an animated, countenance, and a propossessiug man- ner. Ho is still fresh and unwrinkled, and although his head is silvery, it adds only a certain dignity to his aspect, with-" outgiving him the appearance of ago. His manner of speaking is quick and lively ; ho laughs often and heartily, and is quite free fr> ni that air of solemn ti ii 1 - ness so characteristic of the Turks, and probably produced hy the narcotic fumes they perpetually inhale. On the divan, a neatly folded cambric pocket handkerchief, and a European gold snuff-box, to which occasionally he bad recourse, lay by his side. After our coffee a pipe was brought for himself only, this mark of honour being never conferred on any .British subject below the rank of a peer. The spacious apartmeut in which we were received, notwithstanding its splen- did divan, hail an empty, forlorn look. From the ceiling, indeed, a handsume glass chandelier, filled with wax lights, was suspended ; but the only article of cabinet furniture it contained was a small round table standing in the middle of the room, and upon this was placed a silver filagree branch with wax lights, each in i separate glass shade. The dreary, un- tainted walls were only varied, near tho loor, by having on each side four or five coloured prints, in black fruiues, disposed without order, close together; ami these ütíitiüd tocouiibt cither oin But ol'marine signals, or of (ho national colours of maritime powers. The cavalcade of the ladies of the ha- rem, and nn account of the visit of an English lady to their secluded dwelling arc also worth a place. " When I had nearly reached the city, I met a curious cavalcade pasing one of the gates. It consisted first of a large coach with closed blinds, preceded and surrounded by many attendants," both on horseback and on foot. Next cunio u crowd of females, mounted on ns-es and mule*, all closely enrolopodjin looso wrap- pers, with their features concealed by loug white faco cloths. Attendants on foot ed the animals they bestrode ; and others moro gaily dressed, were mounted ctr horseback. Of the latter, tho gri-a er part, or perhaps all, were negroes, who ovinced by their consequential air, nnd plump, well fed appearance, that they wero tito guardians to whose care women of . a ik are here specially confided. "This nio-lcy assemblage was the harem of the | »sha, going lo spend a few days nt the house a boen inspecting. Every one carefully tlrew back as the troop »dvuttced, and my timid attendant perseveringly resisted all my endeavours to obtain a closer view. Some foot soldiers, indeed, who formed a part of their escort, would effectually havo prevented a near approach. "An English lady, now here, informed, mo that she was lately invited, at tho de- sire of the pasha, to make a visiteo the secluded inmate's of the viceregal harem. On taking' advantage of this welcome opportunity, the rei option she exporiîiced was highly flattering. Mor dress, ns might he expected, oscited much curi- osity ; and some of the fitter materials of which it was composed wore greatly ad- mired. "Tho three principal ladies who seemed of superior rank, were treated with great deference, and served hy the others. They wero magnifii-ntly dressed, ami their attendants were all richly decora ed witli^ gold anti jewels, lu manner they were perfectly easy and well bred, and no embarrassment was felt, as an I talinn lady, who gave lessons in music, had been engaged to interpret between them. The dinner was sorvedon fine English china, but on a low Turkish table. A deep flounce of brocade answered the purpose of a table cloth ; cushions were tho seats ; embroidered napkins were abundantly supplied, and knives, forks, anti spoons wero regularly laid, although the latter only worein much request. The splendid apartments wero furnished with rich di vans and cushions, and somo of them with a piano, on which several of the attend- ants played with considerable proficienry. "The chief amusement of the ladies seemed to consist in petting a little negro child, a general favourite, fed with sugar plums, and encouraged in childish flip- pancy by each in her lum ; and all wero greatly diverted with the pert replies it frequently made. On taking leave the visitor was presented with a cashmere shawl, anti left the ladies with the agree- able impression that the visit had buen productive of mutual satisfaction." Eut we linger too long in Alexandria, and must hasten onwards. A brief scene in tho valley of Liamoony, on the route from Tripoli, will afford a favorable spe- cimen in miniature of our author's tles criptivo powers. " We had soon after to descend a very frightful steep, where fine plants of rhu- barb grew iii grentabuudance, and where, compelled to dismount, we thought tho way both tedious and fearful. But this difficulty was trifling when compared with the dangerous descent wo had next to make ; for the mountain gorge, instead of leading tis in'o the lower lovel, as we ex- pected, terminated in the dry stony bed of a winter torrent, which descended with almos' perpendicular abruptness into the plain beneath. Hero our led hoi its and ourselves retained, with difficulty, ¡in un- certain footing among sand and stones, while the muleteers hung with their whole weight upoll the tails of the loaded beasts, to prevent their falling over and rolling to the bottom. This perilous pass once achieved, we found ourselves in a small valley, every wbero encompassed by heights, with only one cottage within sight, near a mass of ruins, on the margin oí a considerable stream. " Having (ravelled five hours from our last resting place, and suffered severely from heat, our beds, for security, wcie arranged on the flat roof of this solitary cabin, where we resigned ourselves un- sheltered to repose. The sky was with- out a cloud ; the muleteers were sitting in a circle round their fire, eating their humble fare ; the disburdened beasts were placed around them, their fore feot attached together and pinioned to the ground ; the murmuring of the water deepened the stillness of the night, but overcome with weariness, we soon closed our eyes upon this delicious scene." An interview with Lady Hester Stan- hope-whose retirement h is so often been invaded by the curious,cannot he omitted. It is one of the most graphic of its kind. " Lady Hester was seated on the sofa, with a small table before her, near which was the only ohair in the room. To this she immediately directed me, for the dazzling sunshine I had left threw every thing within into temporary obscurity. Hermanner, as might be supposed, was dignified and graceful, and her voieo of remarkable sweetness. As 1 became ac- customed to the light, her widely ex- panded forehead, and her finely model- led profile, the energetic expression of her countenance, and a complexion white as tho purest marble, forcibly reminded me of some precious specimen of Greek or Roman art. Deeply sensible to the kindness ot her unlooked for correspon- I dent, she expressed a wann interest in j her hippiness, and spoke of her affec Uonatcly as " the friend of early da) a." j Her conversation, always fluent and in tt rebltng, was otten eli tractensed bj al de pth of reflection, and a shrewdness of j reniai k, that savoured strongly of heredi- tary éloquence and talent. " Her ladyship'a dress was tint of the countiy. The fringed corners of a folded handkerchief of greenant! yellow silk, brought so far over the torched au to com tal the hair, fell upon her neck and shoulders. A turban, ot white muslm, | completed bei hiad drcds with becoming* effect. TTcr Tcaftaan was of striped silk,' with long, loose sleeves. Over this she wore a simple camlet abba, edgetl with gold cord -fulitigclosely at the neck, but ti n con fin ed at the waist-and of such a length, that tho extremities only of crim- son Turkish trousers could be seen, fall- ing over her yellow shoes. " A boll-rope, near the sofa, was slightly touched, and a negro girl quickly brought in codeo aud sherbet. " Lady Hester, adverting to her resi- lience of eighteen years in Syria, re- marked thai her proceedings had often been ceirsured because her motives was misunderstood, but as a free agent she ivas amenable only to the tribunal of her wn judgment. That having been con- sidered as an objoctof curiosity to ' lioni- sing wanderers,' and thun rendered pub- licly conspicuous, contrary to her wishes, liorretiremcnt bad often been invaded, intl her hospitality claimed, hy those ivho would net cr have ventured to present themselves to her in lîug'and without the intervention of mutual trientls. Sho pro- teased her readiness io assist any of her countrymen who really required aid, and lier willingness at all times to receive intelligent travellers in search of infor- mation, but declared- ' her invincible re- pugnance to obtrusive visits of mere curiosity, often made willi no other view dian to elicit her opinions, which garbled, misstated, and committed to the »press, only served to expose her to aniiuadvet don, anti derisiorç..'- - . > ¡ '. "On thissubjept she enlarged with great Bnergy and animation. She .stated that lier object had once been to make lier retirement in the l'a-t beneficial to her ; country-that by conciliating the Arab tribes she had opened ibu road to Pal- myra, and hoped to have enabled future travellers to investigate with security ' other ancient sites anti interesting monu- ments. She ulnrined thal fragments of forgotten sciences woro still preserved in remote corners of the liast, and that many philosophical inquirers, from the farthest extremities of Persia and India, devoted themselves by laborious travel, not only to obtain but to disseminate knowledge. Ey their means she had succeeded in discovering the secret of tho unlading dyes for which some countries are cele- brated, and tho art of fabricating tho curiously tempered arms for which others are distinguished- thal it had been her wish to promote an advantageous iniei change of useful arts between distant and unconnected countries. lier plans, how- ever, had been frustrated by the very people fur whose benefit they were chiefly intended. From various motives she had buen beset by travellers belonging to every European nation. Some had at- tempted to deceit e her by attempting to enter into her viows-others had con- sidered her as influeuced by some vision- ary illusion- nor was " a ramblo in Syi ia deemed complete, if one lion remained unseen." Hence, her hotiso had been regarded as tho privileged hospice of every " home-sick wandcrling"-her pri vacy had been intruded upon-her liber- ality abused, and the confidence that belongs to domestic association violated, until, at length, she had been compelled, iu sell defence, to closo the door. " Amidst much desultory conversa- tion, of the highest interest, mingled with anecdotes ot her father's talents and peculiarities, and of her residence with her uncle dnring the last period of his stormy career, she referred to the intel- lectual superiority of tho great political leaders with whom she had been in inti- mate association. On my expressing surprise that she should have relinquished such enviable advantages, she repliedwith deep emotion, ' I had lived with Mr. Pitt-with whom could I afterwards live ?" An anecdote of a distressing domestic calamity that bel'el Lady Hester's house hold in 1828, is here, we believe, pub- lished for the first lune. "A contagious fever creptinto her esta- blishment, whikh consisted ot eighteen or twenty individuals. It spnad widely among the domestics, and terror soon rondered them incapable of taking caie of each other. The duty of nursing the sick thus devolved upon herscll and on Miss Williams, who h id accompanied her from longland. The contagion at length at ticked them both. Lady Hester for many dajs lay in a state ot hopeless insensibi- lity, from which she would probably, never liai e recovered, but lor the uttatch meut ot a grateful widow, once rescued Irom destitution by her bounty, who now came to see, for tho last lime, her dying benefactress." " The doors of the house stood open the unconscious invalid had been deserted by tho servants in despair. The poor woman believed there was no hope, but resol* ed to remain with her lo the last. Anxious to contribute to her comfort, she j attempted to moisten her parched lips.1 Perceiving that the power of swallowing had not entirely ceased, she joyfully sup- j plied her with broth and milk, and never quilted her side till her seuses were re- stored. Eut then came the moment of trial-for it could not long be concealed, that during Lady Hester's insensibility, Miss Williams had fallen a sacrifice. A confidential steward, valued for his Ion;; services, had also shared the same fate : and among the inferior members of her household there had boen other victims. Overwhelmed with affliction, Lady Hes- ter's convalescence was tedious, the loss of her valued companion irreparable, nor has she ever regained her former vivacity or recovered her healthful appeirauce." The first view of Jerusalem draws from the traveller a burst of reflection, that partakes in some sort of the nature of a lamentation, contrasting her present con- dition with her past. " At length our fervent wishes wore accomplished-Jerusalem, the object of our toilsome pilgrimage, was before us but the discordant sight of battlements, minarets, and domes, produced a feeling of painful intensity, and an involuntary shudder. A thousand early associates, " bursting their cerements," seemed to start into new life. On this favoured spot, patriarchs, and prophets had dwelt, and here the painful pattern of boundless com- miseration- of pure beneficence - the glorious example of patient endurauco, of superhuman submission, had been dis ployed hythe meek and lowly Saviour oft mankind, Beneath these walls, where | Solomon had rck'tied in all his glory, < cnnieiidiug hosts'batt often mot in deadly conflict-all lind again and again been involved in indiscriminate destruction - the roso of Sharon and tho lily of the field had been alike trodden down. Je- rusalem, that had once " crowned Hie I mountains like u diadem," was now J stretched at our feet-widowed - discon- solate -mourning in Hackcloth a id ashes, j Her borders naked and solitary - a few miserable huts and Mohamtitednn tom li" only visible in the distance-the whole I surl'aio around parchod and stony- with scarcely a tree or a blade of gras3 to re- lieve the dazling dry ness of the waste. The sources of I'i'iiitfulnoss seemed lo have shrunk beneath the withering influence of neglect- tho germs of fertility to have been blighted hy a desolatins; blast. Soirttored tuft of fojiage and verdure on the Mount ol'Olives alone gave hope tint j sentence of barrenness bad not been re irrocovcrably passed upon a devoted land." ' Af.cr somo difficulty the travellers I obtained entrance to au hospico within tho gates. " Admitted to a neglected court, sur rounded by mean buildings, we remarked j on one 's ¡do a small chapel, near a dis- mal repulsivo room, in which- twenty or ! thirty nativo boys wore learning Arabic j lessons.- On theotherside was astaircasol leading to thrco or four comfortless apart- ments, whero we wore received by oiie of the brotherhood, who'resides in the hos- pice to perform religious service, and to superintend the arrangements required by the inmates. This edifice, built about the middle of the last century io accommodate pilgrims, is thronged at liaslor with Syrian Catho- lics, but now contains only two strangers, both of thuin French, one collecting spe- cimens of natural history, the other on a I pilgrimage to tho various sacred stations) in iho east. Two dreary rooms wero as- signed to us. The largest, with a coved | ceiling, and by -far the be>t in the esta- blishment, was furnished willi a high! stool and a small- moveable platform, intended for the traveller's mattress, for in the East beds are never provided. A thick, rough plank, supported by four legs, tho wholo presenting the unwieldy and uncouth form of'a chopping block, dill the duty of a table, while a solitary high backed chair, that required tho strength of two persons to lilt, from its form anti size, have served the heroes of the crusades. This [ was assured had been the only apartment of the late Queen Caroline during her stay in the holy city, and there still remains a elura-1 sy frame work of wood» th-n- constructed to admit hanttings to bo placet! before tho part where she slept. The other rooms ] offered no t.ccommodation beyond the stool and platform.*' Tho miserable state of the town is thus desciihed. '« Like other Turkish towns, the survey | of the interior disappoints the expecta- tions excited by its external appearance, j The streets are narrow and uneven. Ir- regularly placed houses, with diminutivo I doors, and now and then a projecting upper window, are badly built, and from I the scarcity and dearncss of timber are! usually covered with rude, beehive shaped roofs. In some directions aro detached heaps of ruins, and iu others aro enclosures fenced with the prickly Indian fig. Towards tho .lows'quarter somecxten*ive ranges of walls and arches, tho remains of the spacious hospital of the Knights of Malta, are still consi- dered by the Hebrew inhabitants as English property. AiVw stragglors only are soen wandering iu the streets-the ¡ bazaars are miserably furnished-one of them, at ched and dark, is fulling fast to ruin. Tho trade of the town is confined to chaplets, crosses, carved shells, models, of the sacred places, and mother of pearl receptacles for holy water, which, sanc- tified in the sepulchro, are eagerly sought for, and widely distributed through Ca- tholic Europe. So low, however, is the state of art, that one individual only, an ingenious and intelligent Jew, can en- grave the seal rings so generally worn in tho East, while a i'ew native christians carve rudely in mother of pearl, or tattoo the arms of pilgrims, with sacred sym- bols. Of bread and meat there is no lack, but of the latter little varieiy. Fruit and vegetables are sparingly supplied,v although on Fridays the neighbouring peasants hold a kiud of market-those of the Moslem faith assembling for de- votion, as well as to dispose of their scanty produce." We must here take leave of our au- thor, commending our readers to the vo p lûmes for the resl of the journey. We ¡ have derived unmixed pleasure from their perusal, and have no hesitation in ? assigning to them a very high place ' amongst the best modern works of tra i veis. Rats stealing Eggs.--The captain of a merchantman, Hading to the port of Boston, ! in Lincolnshire, had constantly missed eggs Irom his sea-stock ; he suspected that he was robbed by his crew, but not being able to discover the thief, he was determined to watch his store-room : accordingly, (having laid in a fresh stock of eggs,) he secreted himself at night in a situation that com- manded a view of his eggs. To his great astonishment he saw a number of rats ap- proach ; they formed a line from his egg baskets to their hole, and handed the eggs from one to the other in their fore-paws. Almost every former's wife knows that eggs are removed by rats from a hen house with- out breaking them. Dog arid Horse.-The following is an instance of the sensibility, if I may call it so, of a horse, and proves how alive he is to danger. A friend of mine was riding a horse one day in India, attended by a spaniel dog, who had long been its companion. The dog ran into some loug grass, and came out crying and shaking its head : the. horse, contrary to his usual custom, uot only avoided the dog, but showed the utmost dread of its coming near him ; the dog soon died, and, upon examining him, it was found that he had been bitten in the tongue. 