PROFUNDITY. The temptation to be profound is very great, and it requires n strong mind, or un honest louit, to resist it. Nobody likes to bo thought shallow, so tiley \\\ ho c innot make manifest how deep tliey are. tulo special good; care to conceal their shallow noss Now there is nothing so well c ilculated to disguise shallowness as mud, butthe mud must be stirred up, and kept in a fermentation for the puqiosc. Tor aught that the eye can dis- cern to the coutr iry, a puddle by the road aide formed 'by an hour's rain, may boas deep as the Atlantic Ocean. The temptation to an assumption of profundity, is Altogether very natural and easy to be accounted for, seeing that it is on easy ana compendious mode oí acquiring a reputation-, and that a reputation onie so acquired is perfectly safe, inasmuch as no one-can by any posibility detect or expose tlie cbnat. lhere are profound talkers as v.eil as profound writers, and your profound talkers have the best of it, for it is impossible to find them out. What is written and printed, may bo read ovar again, can- vassed, sifted, and examined , but that which is said, vanishes, evaporates, is gono, leaving not a bindle idei on the mind of the hearer. A profound talker will tell \ ou that he can think, and thnt he c in talk, but that he cannot wnte. Verv true, bocuuse he has nothing to write about, and the nothing is not so readily detected in tilking, and in thinking, as it is in v. nting. Writing is a sub- stance that you may take by the nose and bring to a confession , but talking is a mere ghost, a flitting shadow-which is here, there, everywhere, and no- where. You try to catch it but you get only a handful of air. Profound talking has tlie advan- tage over profound writing, because in talking you m-iy select your audience, and take care that no profane anti-mysterialist shall question youroracles. When you write profundities and give them to the world, you don't know »ho in >y get hold of them and condense your ocean of froth into u thimble full of slop. I ho shallower u man is, tho more in- tensely he admires profundity, he who understands nothing understands all things equally well, and when a man tears lest his ignora ice should be de- tected on subjects which overybody understands, his best resource is to plunge unto profunditios, and then, when he is comp etelv out of sight, ho is quite sale. I bus have I known ambitious simple- tons who, not hnving capacity for Greek or Xatm, or other delectable studies, have betaken themselves to the inscrutabilities of orientalism, and haï o looked marvellously wise in Arabic, Sanscrit, Bengalee, and all that sort of thing So a¿ain thoso whose understandings have not been strong enough to bear them safely oierthe Pniuasinorum in Euclid's Elements, havo cut a very pretty figure in gabbling imd piating about trinaccndeoulisiu. I know a very ingenious gentleman, who has nover re id n line of Ne« ton's Pnncipi i, and know s about us much of mitheniaUcs, as Mr Bellenden Ker of Dutch, »ho is perpetually ptopoundmg now theo- ries of the universe, new doctrines of the motion, quality, and use of the planets, and new notions of the comets. In proposing these theories, and in starting these profundities, he, for the most part, keeps clear of mathematicians, seeing that in bis mystic and twyhght flights, their démonstrations have sometimes knocked him down, as bo} s knock down bats, by throw mg their hats nt them. Surely tlie flights of profundity miy be not inaptly com pared to the flitting movements of these ambiguous animals , they are a kind of something-nothing , seen-but not seen , quick-but not progiessive , a sort of black lightning, a sh idow that his no substance, you never see where they como from, nor where they go to, nor wliat they como tor. They are animal comets--in the system, but not of it. But the safest profundity of all is profound thinking write profoundl), and ev rvbody may find you out, talk profoundly, and somebody may find you out, but think profoundly, and nobody can fiud lou ont. It m ty be a»ked, how is it to be known tint vou think protounly, unless ) ou maka known your thoughts by talking or writing' Lsisilj tnough , shake your he id as Lord Burleigh doe3 in The Critic. You will be astonished after a few of these " ambiguous giwngs out," with what ease you have obtained the reputation of being u pro- found thinker.-AAenoum. 