The Council assembled on Monday; the doors are thrown open to.the public as far as the limited means of accommodation will permit. In future, our readers shall he furnished with accurate reports of every thing of interest which may occur therein. Sir John Franklin's Address was published in a Gazette Extraordinary, which we only received yesterday, and are therefore, owing to its length, compelled to defer its insertion to our next. The Perthshire arrived on Monday, from Leith, the 12th February. We have been favored by a friend, to whom we owe much obligation for similar kindness, with that admirably conducted (although Whig only) journal, the "Scotsman," to the 11th of that month. The following is a summary of every passing event to that date. We have already furnished our readers with every occurrence of importance to the 2d. of February, very little of interest has subsequently taken place. The King is said by the Times " to be labouring under a great depression of spirits. ,, The Royal Family were still at Brighton, shut, up by the influenza, which raged severely ail over Europe. , It was so life amongst the Royal Family, of France, that the Chateau of the Tuilleries was said, to be a hospital. The Duke of Sussex was extremely unwell. The attack of asthma was so severe, that the Bulletin, said " His lioyal Highness, cannot assume the recumbent position." The Duchess of Gloucester was still extremely unwell. Princess Sophia was at Frogmore Lodge, in a very unsatisfactory state of heaUh. Princess Victoria had also been attacked with the formidable disease, but was convalescent. The deaths all over the United Kngdom were of appalling extent. Disease and distress united, were rapidly effecting Mr. Maltlias's thinning population work. One winter, such as the last, with the concomitant want, aveil more for that system, than fifty emigration " Marshall's, with their wholp kidnapping apparatus. The King has given Lord Rosslyn's Grand Cross of the Bath to General Sir Thomas Brisbane, witli a very flattering autograph letter, complimenting him upon hissplendid scientific attainments. General Sir Thomas Wilson succeeds Sir Thomas Brisbane as K. C. B. Mr. Justice Gazelee has retired from the Bench, and is succeeded by Mr. Rolfe, the Solicitor General. Serjeant Wylde -succeeds the latter. Lord 11 a now by was so ill, .that his life was despaired of. General Sir George Cooke died on the 6th February. The 40th Regiment is vacant, i . A .Deputation from that immense body, the Dissenters of England, waited on Lord Melbourne on the 6th February, to solicit relieffrom Church Rates. Lord Melbourne replied that Lotd John Russell had a Bill prepared f>r the total abolition of Church Rates, which would be forthwith introduced!'' Excellent! Lord Balgray, one of the Scots Judges, died of the Influenza, on. the 8th February. We have the satisfaction to state, that the Legislative Assembly of Canada have passed a Law, the object of which is to take from the tlergy all the lands, called " Glebes " " Church Revenues, Sfc.," and to vest them amongst the public resources, but limited to the services of what the, Act 'cdll^,:ti THE fouK prevailing SECW'— jEpi$cppalians, Cfilltblics, Presbyterians, and Methodists. The " Scotsman," in referring to the important eVent, says, that a similar determination ;has eyinced itself in Australia.' Tt ^hbuld' 7 have said Tasmania, for which the people are entitled to the spirited and able exertions of Mr. James Thomson, A. M. , The state of affairs in Spain and in Portugal seems much as before. General Evans was at the head of the allied British', Frenchj and Spanish force, and was said to be in hopes of totally extirpating the Carlists. Having now given the principal miscellaneous events, we proceed to the proceedings in Parliament, of which we can only give the heads, the ,detail shall be ! furnished in our next. We have already inserted the ; King's speech, and the proceedings thereon, which were in fact nothing, the address having been carried in both Houses without opposition. Mr. Roebuck, however, seems to have placed himself in the first rank of Parliamentary " business-men." He stated, at considerable length, the grounds upon which " himself, and those with whom he acted," (usual words of "Leaders") forbore from-opposing Ministers; they were in substance, that it might not be supposed that they had any feeling in common with the Tories. 1 On the 3d February, that great man, Lord Brougham, made his re-appearance in the House of Lords, apparently in good health and spirits—strange to say, for the " dignity" of the " incurables," hie was received with a long continued cheering. He lost no time in showing the course he meant to ado*pt, for lve rose almost immediately, and gave notice of his intention to introduce three Bills—first, to promote general Education; second, to establish Local Courts of Lam ;• third, to abolish pluralities in every grade of the Church Profession. In the House of Commons, Colonel Thompson gave notice, that, oil the first application of Ministers for Supplies, he should move " that the present Government of the Army is contrary to law, and that no soldier owes obedience to it" Mr. Goulburn raved a little against Mr. O'Connell's " General Association" in Ireland; which he called "treasonable." Lord John Russell said a few words rather in favor of it, and Mr. O'Connell laughed at Mr. Goulburn. The Lord Advocate brought in a Bill for the improvement of the Criminal Law in Scotland. He proposed to abolish all the old Penal Statutes, and to soften its severity in every possible way. He was loudly cheered by all sides. He then introduced a Bill, to establish Local Courts, with Supreme Authority, in every county and great town in Scotland. Lord John Russell announced his intention to introduce a Bill, abolishing the punishment of death for every crime but murder. He said, the punishment of transportation was now such, as to be quite sufficient for every other offence. Well, indeed, did he so describe the atrocious " worse than death" system. W hat a compliment he paid to the feelings of its " materials for punishment." Mr. Horseman brought in a Bill for the Abolition of the fictitious (splitting) of Votes. It was his maiden speech, thorough paced Radical, yet he was warmly greeted by both sides. x Nothing particular - passed in either of the Houses until the 6th, when Lord Brougham presented several Petitions for the entire abolition of Church Rates. Lord Ly ndhurst.—The en tire abolition? Lord Brougham.— Yes! the entire abolition. Lord Ly ndhurst.—Indeed! Lord Brougham:—To be sure; and a very wise abolition too. The Spectator says that Lord Lyndliurst shrunk from farther encounter, and that " the bully" will be a little " cowed" by such a real fighter as Lord Brougham. The Attorney General re-introduced his Bill for the Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt. He made a long and able speech. It was read the first time, and to be read the second'ou the 15th; Mr. Spring Rice (Chancellor of the Exchequer) moved for a Committe to enquire into the conduct of JointStock 'Banks.— Ordered.:ii i:-. On ;the,.,7th.i February 1 commenced ;,the " tug of war." Lordi John Russel moved the re- introduction of the Irish Municipal Reform, in a Speech of five colqmns length of the Times, in tlje (smallest, type. Mr. Sa r geant Jackson oppo^e^it. , Mr. O'Conr nell supported it.. ,Mr..Roebuck,supp.orted it, and, downright uncompromising Radical a6' ; he is,-is 'the only Member said to have been received, at commencing, 'with loud cheering. His speech was plain and direct, insisting upon giving tlje j> ( epple the means' of pdssessing a controul overthe Government - -The (debate was.adjourned to the '8th, wfyen tb.e "feill. was rea^ the first t\me without a division. .,. /; Our intelligence goes no .farther.; It is quite clear that the prospects of the people are rapidly improving. If the Castlereagh plunderers and murderers could look from their jgraves and see .what is jiqw passing, it would be some little retribution fortheir crimes, We shall give full details of every circumstance, of which now given the summary, in our- next number. Consols, 9th February, 91. Since the above was written, the Majestic has arrived from Liverpool, the 19th of March. We have been favored by the same friend, to whom we are go much indebted for the Scots papers, with the Liverpool and , London papers, (none reaching us direct, except from London and Portsmouth,) to the 17th March inclusive, of which date we have the limes. We were favored with these at so late an hour yesterday, (and they were in considerable numbers, both London and provincial,) that we have to solicit of our readers to forgive the irregularity of chronological order, in which in our anxietj to furnish them with every thing of interest, we are compelled to. take each newspaper before ,us .as it may, come into our hand from flie' irfassi. '•'"•' We are happy to state that Colonel Arthur, with.Mrs. Arthur and family, in excellent health, arrived safely at his native Town, Plymouth,.on the 11th March. His arrival is announced in two articles in The Tiines of the 14th. The King and Royal Family have removed to Windsor Castle. The Royal health is said to have improved. 'Ministers are carrying every thing before them in the Commons. The majority for the Irish Municipal Reform Bill was 80, an encrease of near one-half since last Session. Lord Brougham, coming forth, decidedly with them in the Lords is a host of strength. The resolution to abolish Church Rates was as follows :— . " That Church Rates cease altogether on a day to be fixed—that for the repair of Churches, and the maintenance of Divine Worship, a new system of management and of the application of the proceeds of Pen Rents be introduced." Ayes.. 273 Noes..., 250 Majority for the utterly abolish- —— ing Church Rates 23 On the 13th of March, Mr. Clay moved for a Committee for the consideration of the Corn Laws. It produced a long and warm debate. Ministers opposed it. Against it 223 For it 89 Majority 134 On the 7th March, Mr. Grote moved for " Vote by Ballot" which was lost by 112. At a public meeting of the parishioners of that populous and opulent parish, St. Martins, a list of 24 Ladies, to be elected Guardians of the Poor under the new Poor Law, was put forward in opposition to the existing male Guardians, and after a stormy debate, carried by a large majority. The abolition of the Imprisonment for Debt Bill has gpne through the most important stages in the House of Commons, and will pass by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Tooke moved a clause in the Committee, taking from Members of Parliament their privileges of freedom from arrest. It was rejected by only three. The Electors of Westminster have resolve^ in public meeting that the conduct of Sir Fraiicis Burdett is at variance with the interests of the people, and that he be requested to resign; and that General Evans be written to, to know when he would return to his Parliamentary duties. On the 12th March, Mr. Hume moved for a return of. the length and value of the services of every officer promoted in the late 'Brevet.' Lor'd If6wick opposed. Sir J'dlin Elley, in the course /of the debate said that Mr. tluiri^i^s ttdt^a* 5 " Lbml ISulject." ' Mr. ftortae'said it was hn unttuth. Sii- 1 Johta EHey^apologized, and the matter ended by the motion being amended to a mere return of the names of the officers promoted. Mr. Hume then moved for a return of the names, dates, ,and extent of services of the officers of the Navy promoted since the 1st January; Ministers opposed it— Noes 66 Ayes 17 Majority.., 49 Meetings were held all over England to assist the starving Highlanders. The distress experienced is equal to the worst of Ireland. Hundreds have died of actual want. The kidnapper, Marshall, is in full operation. He has three ships advertised for these Colonies. Lord John Russell's new Criminal Law Bill enacts that sentenced to be transported offenders for seven years may serve three years in the Penitentiary; for fourteen years, four years; and for life, five years; then to be entitled to pardon. Lord Lyndhurst has not ventured to encounter Lord Brougham since his return to Parliament. On the 10th February, the action Lord De Roos v. Cumming, was tried before Lord Denman and a special jury in the Court of King's Bench. It was for a libel in accusing Lord De Roos of cheating at play.— The defendant justified. Lords Wharnclifle, Alvanley, R. Grosvenor, and Clare, Mr. Ragget, master of White's club, and Mr. Hulse, master of Bootle's club, all swore that they believed Lord De Ross to be a fair player. The system at the first rate clubs is—a sheet is kept—the winnings and the losings of each night kept against each name, and the balance struck. Counters pass as money. In the defence, Capt. Higgins of the 15th Hussars, Capt. Alexander, R. N., Mr. Brooke Greville, Sir William Ingleby, and Mr. George Payne, proved that they had detected Lord De Roos in cheating. His system was to mark the court cards (for whist) by passing his thumb nail against the face of the card, which raised a mark on the back. Capt. Alexander admitted on a cross examination that he generally won—he was perhaps £10,000 in pocket—A<? lived by play. Mr. Brooke Greville produced the marked cards to the jury. He admitted he was gainer £35,000 by play. Sir William Ingleby, at the desire of Lord Denman, shewed the trick called " sauter la coupe " It is placing a court card at the bottom, and then after the cut, shuffling it again to the bottom of the pack so as to be turned up by the dealer. Sir William did the trick slowly, explaining it as he did to the satisfaction of the whole Court, Judge, Jury, and auditors. He swore he had seen Lord De Roos do it fifty times, and win largely by betting upon it. He admitted that he had played with Lord De Roos as partner, and had no " compunctious visitings" as to his winnings. Verdict for the Defendant.— Lord De Roos is thus convicted of cheating at play. The Morning Post says that in future no noble Lords are to play at whist without having their nails pared by the waiters. Sir William Molesworth, on the 12th of February, moved for a bill to abolish the necessity for qualification for Members of Parliament—rejected by a majority of 29. A public meeting was held in London, on the 13th March, Mr. Hume in the chair, for the purpose of erecting monuments to the memories of Messrs. Margarot, Skerney, Muir, Palmer, and Gerald, who were transported to New South Wales in 1795, for their political principles. AH the Radical Members of Parliament were present, and a very liberal subscription was raised. The following appointments will give general satisliactioh, to the Army in particular:—Lord Greenock, Captain of Edinburgh Castle, and Commander of the Forces in Scotland. General Norcott, to the southern district of Ireland, vice Arbuthnot. General L'Estrange to the western ditto, vice Douglas, who goes to Guernsey. Colonel Warre, vice Colonel Greenwell, (promoted) as Commandant at Chalton. Sir George Scovell, Commandant of the Military College, vice Sir E. Paget, appointed to Chelsea. Colonel Taylor of the hiding Establishment,^ Li^dtenahtGovJer-. . nor'., ;«ir EioiiBl StaWi' llA'^1; tlVe J 40'th Hegi-. merit, vice Copke,-^-rartd General Anderson' , -diieRegiment,Sw^i' ••'.. ' Oil tlile 3rd/March, |he House of; Cop-\ nion^, aftet tfee ni'glits 1 ' debate tipon a mio-; tibti of Mr. Waiters' for a' Committee , of. : Enquiry into the working of the new "Poor' Liaw Bill, sent the whole subject to a Committee. ". ...'.'•; .', " Tlie ! debates in'Committee upon the, abo-, litio£ of the Imprisonment Bill, have shfeweili us the .'effect dt the various clauses/ It is but justice to Mr, Atto'rneiy General Steplien to state that his Debtor and Creditor Bill, which, with so much labor he prepared foir this Colony, and which he transmitted to.the .Ministers in England, seems in inaWy: particulars, of almost verbal identity to Tiaye.been ,the model upon f which the English Bill has been prepared. On, the I6tli of March the House of Lords went into Committee on the English Municipal Act Amendment Bill, and was re-committeed for the first Friday after the Easter recess. On the same day Lord Rippon (Goderioli) brought forward the Canadian affairs by moving for an account of the expence of the recent Commission of Enquiry. Lord Glenelg consented to it. The discussion produced nothing of interest. The Times of the 17th March (the latest London paper which can be here, the Majestic having sailed from Liverpool on the 19th,) contains a very long dolorous article as to the certain national ruin consequent upon the continuance in power of the present Ministry. We shall, if possible, insert portions of it. in our next. The following deaths took place in the month of March :—The Ex-King of Sweden, Gustavus. The Marquis of Drogheda. Lord King'sboro 1 . The Bishop of Salisbury. General Sir James Hay, Colonel of the 2nd Dragoon Guards, (the Bays). Mr. Tollemache, husband to the Duchess of Roxburglie. Admirals Sir W. Ilervey, Sir Manley Dixon, D'Urban. Lady Canning, widow of the late Mr. George Canning. General Sir W. Mentresor, K.C.B., Colonel of the 11th foot,—and Mr. Randle Jackson, son of the celebrated India Director. CONSOLS, 17th March—91 THE " Law Officers of the Crown" have, we believe, made their " Report" upon the reference to them by Sir John Franklin as to the old grant deeds. The subject is therefore open to free discussion without fear of being charged (unjustly charged) with either "prejudging or prejudicing it.". But other cases render it necessary that the petition of the Colonists should not be left unsupported, inasmuch as we find that one of the " Crown Lam Officers" (the Attorney General) is stated in an influential HobartTown Journal to have induced the editor, "by a long conversation" to change the opinions which in his preceding number he had so well advocated; and another, a northern Journal states tlwt he also has been induced by " oneoftheprofessicnf to draw back from the opinions he also had so well advocated in support of the inviolability of the old grants. Thus it would seem, that the prejudging and the prejudicing may be very correctly employed by the lawyers, but that it is most unfair by any other portion of the community. Against this doctrine we hold up both our hands, and feel ourselves therefore compelled,. in defence of the petition of the people thus powerfully attacked, to put forth whatever humble support it may be in our power to afford. We admitted in our last, for the occasion, the claim for the Attorney General, that his " report" should be delivered to Sir John Franklin (if we understand his letter right, that was has his objection) previous to any public discussion. We yet protest against such a doctrine being held ns correct "precedent!"—What! If any question, no matter of what extreme importance, is sent to ""Law Officers of the Crown" to "report" upon, are the people, and is the Press to be dumb-foundered until those great personages shall have been pleased to deliver their opinions ? Is it to be " Solemn silence all," awaiting in awful suspense and solicitude ih • fiat of those legal magnates? We say Jvu !—we say llje.very opposite'; and as unbiassed and independent journalists, writing uninflueucedly either way, (as we believe Air. Stephen himself would wish to see the press, certliinly at the same time decorotoslyj condiicteii) w^say'fiirih^r, with /m, (that'pf^all'persons (in : 'ihfe 'Colony to wh'oin, to refer 1 public questions 'Involving considerations other llip.n of i strictly legal nature, ^^t^^^I^^^^npt here' in particular,' out dnytumr'e x 'are tKe very last to,whoin to rnake.ttiatjreference. Their Sialjits of rnind-r-jjf feieling—'the very effect ip.f their intricatirig education where' it lias been essentially of a legal, character, unfit J them wholly and and altogether for any , such .reference. And wb hold this jirinci- •ple, striptly 'adhered to'us ii is in England,' to go on to (he secondary reference piade by them (or rather by the'Cliief of them, the Attorney General, for whatever; 1 part tW Solicitor General has' taken 'ifi this affair is not before jtlie public) to their conreres, " theprofession." And wljy v that feecb^ary'reference?.' Wliy,Vny.reference to a "body which, Except Upon qiiestions of 'a 'strictly legal tendency, is, 1 we'believe it will itsell agree with us, entitled,"aft a body, to that individualparticipation alone, in the common voice of the community to which the individuals composing it are unquestionably entitled, both as gentlemen and as proprietors, each under the circumstances of his respective position. What then was the reference hoade by Sir John Franklin to the " Crown Lawyers'?" Could it liave been of an exclusively legal nature? JVot the very shadow thereof. There COULD have been no question of Law in the matter! The whole was one of EXPE- DIENCY! The Lawyers Iliad already decided upon the law—they had already decided, in the exercise of "JUDGE LAW," (that power riding paramount over every other law, made to-day, modified to-niorrow, and unmade the next day,) that the grants were invalid because of a miserable technical defect, thai defect having proceeded from the Crown itself and having remained unregarded and untouched for half a century by any proceeding lawyers, not even by the real " Crown Lawyers," those of''the Crown" itself in it's kingdom of England, with whom that ddfect (if it is one) originated, the nowobjectedto form of the grants having been by them constructed, that form having continued unobjectedly from the first landing onwards until the superior intelligence of the " Crown Lawyers" of this Penal Settlement discovered it, and thereby alighted a flame, of'the incalescence of which they now complain. Why then should the Crown Lawyers of the whole community be selected exclusively to whom to refer the EXPEDIENCY of healing a wound discovered by their own ultra-sagacity ? This, however, having been considered proper, lei us endeavour to see what, in plain words, would most probably have been the reference made to them. ' Sir John Franklin would perhaps say,—" You hate decided that there is a technical flam in the wording of the Grants, and ihat therefore they are invalid. The Crown, from whence they emanate, has, by its solemn Act, THE ROYAL If ARRANT, rendered them valid, and has issued its Sovereign orders to me to confirm that Royal /Farrant by an Act of the Local Legislation. Hut YOU oppose My Royal Master, the Crown itself, in its anxiety to hold its faith, its honor, inviolate, because YOU SAY that it is EXPEDIENT to violate both. Let me then have your reasons for this opposition to the Royal pleasure." This is the same and substance—the whole and entire meaning, as far as can be understood, of the reference made by Sir John Franklin to the Crown Lawyers, unless, indeed, that in order to invest his reference to them with somewhat of a legal character, he had said, (which is noL very probable) after reciting the case—the Royal Warrant—and the Royal Instructions,—" I doubt whether the Crown Lawyers of England, from whom those instructions have emanated, are right in their law,— please to report to me thereon, and if they are wrong, put them right; and let me hnow how lam legally to carry the /loyal IVarranl into effect, for of course L cannot disobey the commands of my Sovereign." The Colonial" Crown Lawyers," probably somewhat posed «L being called upon thus to put; llie " Crown Lawyers" of England to rights, would endeavour to shift the ground by falling back upon the u profession." But how? Not very adroitly, as it seems to us. Do they make even a shew of asking for legal opinions, which alone, it mighl be supposed, would be required from " the profession' in any case ? Not a word even of shew thereof!— the " circular"- is strictly' iis to EXPEDIEN- CY ! " / waM' information,*' they say!, "ON TUB PRACTICAL QUESTION H' hat inconvenience or injury is found to exist from tlie s invalidity of those Grants f—or what indhnvenience or injury will he found to arise from the proposed measure of confirming them ?' Now, WE assert, without fear of refutation, that this is, to :all intents and purposes, the rendering the question one of expediency, and of EXPEDIENCY ALONE .'—aye, and of something very like POLITICAL EXPE- DIENCY too ! Is it nothing to put into the hands of the Government such a power as that of throwing prostrate at its feet every landholder of tlie Colony whose tenure of possession is • by original grant, all of which at one full swoop are to be thus .invalidated ? Is it nothing for the Colomsts.to be compelled to advertise to the whole world inviting objections, to right, title, and boundary.? Is it nothing that every grantee in the Colony be compelled to. have his lands remeasured by the Surveyor General, to ascertain whether the description in the original gi ants be correct —that Surveyor General, oh! be it especially remembered, (albeit that he is the rotected friend of tlie Attorney General) Eeing MB. FRANKLAND! Are there neither "injuries nor inconveniencies" in these ? Does not this throwing prostrate before the Surveyor General (Mr. Frankland)—the Commissioners of land—and the Executive Government, the most important of the interests of tlie whole of the Colonists, not only their titles to their lauds, but the v. ry measurements and boundaries thereof ? Does noi this savour at least somewhat of a political tendency ? We have the satisfaction to believe that the best terms of private personal good will exist between Mr. Stephen and ourselves, and we avow our hope that that good understanding may never be interrupted ; but we are convinced that Mr. Stephen himself is too independent in mind to wish to stifle our independence, or that we should not fulfil to the best of our humble ability what we consider our public duty. It is on the spirit of this feeling that we now write, hoping and believing that Mr. Stephen, having invoked the members of " the profession' upon ibis vitally important subject—having communicated upon its merits personally, and it would seem successfully, with one portion of the press, would be most desirous to excite the freest and most unrestrained discussion from every other, however differing, and to •whatever extent with him in opinion. It is, we say, writing with this feeling, that we have to express our regret that the " Crown Lawyers," or indeed any officer under " the Crown" whatever, should have put forth a " Circular" to any portion of the community, the object of which is, in real substance, to enquire whether the King's commands to preserve the FAITH AND HONOR OF THE CROWN IN- VIOLATE, shall be obeyed! This is in truth the real substance of the " Circular" to the profession. Perhaps it will be fair to the " Crown Lawyers" to insert that Circular, so that every reader may judge for himself of its nature, tendency, and object, whether they have not, reference, utterly, altogether, and entirely to expediency, and to EXPEDIENCY slone, a consideration as to which we believe the whole Colony will unite with us in opinion, that " the profession," as a profi'ssion (for in that capacity alone is it addressed) is the very last body of the whole community to which the community would wish to see it referred. Thus however Mr. Stephen writes:— "Attorney General's Office, June 19, 1837. GENTLEMEN,—A memorial has been presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, signed by several landholders, praying that a law may lie proposed to the Legislative Council similar to that passed last year in New South Wales, for confirming and rendering valid in law all the Macquarie, King, and Brisbane grants. 2.—The Attorney and Solicitor General are directed to report fuily to the Government upon this subject, and as I am known to have taken a large share in the present arrangements respecting it, I am desired to state,, whether my views on this very important question, have in any degree undergone a change. 3.—Before I comply with the directions thus given me, I am anxious 10 obtain (as it is indeed my duty,) the fullest information ;— on the practical question, especially what inconvenience or injury really is found to exist from the invalidity of those grants, or what incon- venience or injury would'be found to aristfrom llie proposed measure of eriAfirming them.,' 4-—Under thise circumstances, you Will, I am sure pardon the liberty I take, in solicitiiig your. opinion (founded as it must be on long and intimate knowledge of the subject,) of the suggestediaw. And I intreat the favor of your supplying any instances with which you may be acquainted, illustrating the views entertained by you.—I am, Gentlemen, vour obedient servant, ! (Signed) ALFRED STEPHEN." Now what, we repeat, does Mr. Stephen (writing of course as representing the "Ci own Lawyers) ask of,the Profession in the above ? If it is not, in fact, iu real substance, the expediency of the proposed validation of the Grant Deeds, we know not the meaning and purport of language. It is true Mr. Stephen attempts to cover it by asking opinions upon what he calls " the suggested law" the real fact being that there is no " law" at all " suggested"— that is to say no new lam—nothiug more than a mere declaratory ordinance, making lawful that which before purported to be, and was issued, as being lawful. It is certainly an ingenious twist to talk (of " suggested law," when there is nothing whatever of the sort in the matter, the whole and entire gist of the question, its very heart and soul, again and again we impress it upon the recollection of the reader, being whether the King's commands to preserve the faith and honor of the Crown inviolate shall be obeyed !' It would indeed have been a law well worthy of consideration, not only of " the Profession," but of the whole Colony, if Sir John Franklin had proposed to pass an Act declaring the oil Grants unlawful; but to call a mere declaratory ordinance—a mere declaration that Grants which were themselves in their essence hnful in the highest character of that term, and which required that declaratory ordinance solely because of a technical deficiency, to call that declaratory ordinance a "suggested law," is certainly as ingenious a turn—we might say, perversion of words,as ever did honor to special pleading mystification. The whole reference then of tlie Crown Lawyers" to the " Profession ' is clearly in sum and substance "expediency," and nothingelse. Butnotso; we cannot but be perfectly convinced tlie reference of Sir John Franklin to the " Crown Lawyers"—at least not so the intention of His Excellency in making that reference. It would be somewhat rather involving a libel upon Sir John Franklin, to suppose for a moment that His Excellency, having the " Royal Warrant," and the Royal orders to confirm it before him, and seeing how promptly Lieutenant General Sir Riclurd Iiourke, Governor in Chief of both Colonies, had carried them into effect in New South Wales, that Sir John Franklin would have permitted himself—what? to weigh EXPE- DIENCY ag .inst OBEDIENCE ! Much has been said of "instances" in which much hardship is anticipated, if equitable rights are to be subjected to the operation of legpl rights, as it is said would be the casu if the original Grants are validated. All this seems to us nothing more than an illustration of the old fa° ble—mons parturit. That th-re may be " instances" iu which it would be of advantage to some individuals, that by invalidating the old Giants, other individuals could be ousted of their possessions held under those old grants, there can be no doubt; but on the other hand, if the titles to ALL THK GRANTS are to be opened, swecpingly INVITED, as at present, by public advertisement, (that express invitation, given by the Government too,) to litigation, whenever a dispute can, by the ingenuitv of the Lawyers be concocted, is there nothing of "injury and inconvenience" therein ? Above all, thrown open as widely as possible as is the door to contention upon that most strange of allgrounds, that " by the blunders of the Survey Department," there are many Grants described in the Deeds different to the actually long occupied boundaiii-s. Have any such difficulties betn complained of in New South Wales, where the Grants are fifty fold in number? Yc-t the same—the very same Surveyors measured and described (for the most part) in both Colonies Do the people, speaking generally, complain of them here, and thereupon support the Lawyers in their wish to invalidate the old Grants? The contrary is the well known fact! and thereupon the Lawyers stand " alone in their glory V Yet more. Are there in real truth any considerable number of " instances" to. which the objections of the Lawyers to the old Grants can apply? On the direct contrary, is it not public and notorious that few indeed are the " instances" which the Lawyers can produce? The " Crown Lawyers" have solicited of " the Profession" to come to their aid with all the "instances" they can muster; and every body will readily understand that such a call, on such a subject, will be zealously obeyed. Now, let the number, which with every posstole exertion they can produce, let that number be doubled, quadrupled, and then quadrupled again—will it, even then, bear any comparison with the great Mass of the Grantees, who the Lawyers, fas they assert) for the sake of the few, would subject not only to be compelled to obtain new Grants, but—most monstrous— to be compelled to invite by public advertisement, put forth by the Surveyor General, all and any disputants upon all and any subject—to have their lands remeasured by the Surveyor General, (that Surveyor Generul being—Mr. FRANK LAND J and his certificate to the accuracy of the description, being a sine qua non to the issue of a new Grant - to be compelled to obtain HIS new fangled descriptions, full of uncertainty as they are, rather than to retain their original descriptions with which they are fully contented ! Would 5ir John Franklin wish to see the whole Colony continue to be thus invited to dispute each other rights, and each others boundaries, giving rise obviously, for it cannot but so be, to jealousies, doubts, disputes, and to the consequent ill blood and animosities, which had the integrity of the Grants not been so mischievously questioned, would never have been even dreamed of! And to add to the evil of such a state of •things, what is not the temptation held forth to oppression where thore is a rich man upon the flanks of a poor man ; and what is not the all but certainty of success which the former must have over the latter in such a contest! and what must not be the preponderance of good or evil, which must arise from the establishment of such a system ? Again, and again, we ask, is this, THE NOW EXISTING STATK OF THINGS, such one as Sir John Franklin would perpetuate even at the certificate of its propriety under tho hands and seals of the whole " Profession" No! If there ever was a subject upon which all, or we may adopt the Cornish motto—ONE AND AI.L, are unanimously united, it is that the King's commands may be obeyed, that the Royal Warrant may be confirmed, and that the honor and integrity of the Crown way be preserved inviolate! The Colonists look with admiration certainly at the more than Spartan virtue of the " Profes- sion," whose interests, they themselves say, being entirely in favor of the confirmation of the Grant Deeds, owing to the litigation which must unquestionably follow that confirmation, yet they most generously, (in contradiction to every understood impulse of pnor human nature) more than most disinterestedly oppose their own interests - " manibus pcdibusque." Is there not something rather questionably generous in this ? We have already referred to what has been said ofthe " instances"' in which injustice could possibly have been worked by "right heirs," and others in consequence of " Survey blunders." We think we may venture to say, that few indeed are there of such "instances" which would not have been reachable by the long arms of the Supreme Court, in its equitable, if not in its legal jurisdiction. And will the litigation which might thus have arisen, (but which, again and ag;iin, we assert, would never have been thought of but for the mischievous agitation of this question) even every " instance' included, which the " Circular" of the Lawyers can produce—will all—every one of these " instances" which can be possibly " got up" even at such a call (of the weight of which it is unnecessary to say one word) will these particular " instances," even were they fifty-folded, bear any, the slightest comparison with the evils of throwing open the whole Colony to contention, animosity, and dispute—and again, above all—to Mr. Frankland's remeasurings, and most uncertain, and incomprehensible " descriptions." And is all this intense mischief''to be done, rather than to adopt the plain and simple course, that, called for by every principle of good faith, honor, and integrity, of carrying into effect the " Royal Warrant," and obeying the King's cora- In preference to this, are the Co- lonists, because of a technical defect in their Grants, to be thrown prostrate at the foot of the Government, through the Executive Council, before which ordeal every substitute for original Grants must pass, the necessary, and the only passport to which being a previous invitation to every possible litigation by Mr. Frankland's pub lie advertisement, again, a necessary passport to Mr. Frankland's boundary and quantity remeasurements, and his notable descriptions thereof—and the last passport being that of the Land Commissioners that the applicant has gone through, and sue* cessfully too, all these ordeals, then, and not until then, to be admitted to solicit from "the Crown" that Grant Deed which " the Crown" having issued to him, "the Crown" was bound upon every principle of common honesty to secure to him inviolate in any particular! The only answer to all this is the " circular" of the " Crown Lawyers" to the "profession," and the half dozen " instances" which they may be able to produce of individual hardship. Is there any one great principle, be it of law, or be it of commerce, or be it of whatever else it may, in which some " instances" of injurious working may not be discovered, if hunted up, by supplicating " circulars" as in the present "instance?" The " Crown Lawyers," we have no doubt, will "report" as they have sai^, that the validating the Grant Deeds will give rise to infinite litigation, producing to them (as one of the Attorney General's organs has it) a " merry harvest," which generous men, they " Thrice did Ccesar on the Lupercal" most disinterestedly "put away." The Grantee, with his Grant in his hand, looking anxiously at the seal representing the Croivn dangling to it, when invited to pass the ordeals which we have enumerated, without which he cannot have its validity seemed, may perhaps say, the Lawyers are divinely kind, but, 'TIMEO DANAOS," I prefer my original Grant, which I think I have A RIGHT to have rendered vlaed without any of their obliging ceremonies ;" and so say we on the part of the Colonists! We prefer seeing every instru - ment purporting to have around it the sacred halo of the Royal Authority, to all the ordeals to which the Lawyers have subjected, and would perpetuate the Colonists, even with the public advertisements. Litigation invitation—Mr. Frankland's remeasurement and novel description—the Commissioners of Land—the Executive Council, and even His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor's New Grant to boot! We can never bring ourselves to believe that Sir John Franklin, when he called upon the " Crown Lawyers" to " Report" to him, whatever may have been the na- ture or extent of the reference His Excellency was pleased so to make, we can never, we say, bring ourselves to believe that Sir John Franklin, in so proceeding,, had fairly before him the extreme danger j of interfering with the validity of such j solemn instruments as ANY, purporting to bear upon their face the authority of the\ Crown .' The a igument of the Crown Law- \ yers (the EXPEDIENCY of cancelling the old Grants) seems the only answer attempted I to be offered to the great question of the ! danger of impeaching the inviolability of j any instrument purporting to issue from the C rown. Now, admitting on the one j hand, that there may be " instances" to I the amount we have admitted of expe- j diency to avoid such instruments, is there j no amount of expediency in holding them ! sacred UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES on the j other? and on which side is the balance? Is the consideration nothing, that if the Crown, by finding a technical flaw in any one instrument from the Crown, the Crown by availing itself of it to render it void would afford precedent for doing so in all other ? Is it not opening a door to the throwing doubt upon every instrument of the Crown, hitherto held in all countries as most solemn, sacred, and inviolable? Is there no danger to the Crown—to suppose, even to suppose it possible, that if a technical flaw in any one of its instruments could be found, so little ' honor is there in the Crown, that even a • moment would be lost in repairing it ?' Would not the giving rise to the shadow of a doubt upon such a question be fatal to the honor and integrity of the Crown, and the best'interests of the British Nation, so long as it possesses its " Royal Constitution ?' and would the " Crown Lawyers" involve " the Crown" iu disrepute such as this? Would they suffer it to be said that " the Crown" having thus taken advantage of its own wrong in one case; it may do so in another, and therefore every instrument of " the Crown" is thrown open to the searching penetration of Lawyers to see if a flaw can be discovered, it then becoming mere matter of EXPEDiENCV-notofHONOB, whether it shall be taken advantage of? And whatwould not be the contemptible condition to which " the Crown" would be reduced by the " Crown Lawyers," if such a state of things obtained ? Would not the " Crown Lawyers" thus, in fact, usurp a power over the Crown" greater than " the Crown" itself? And would they not, in fact, thereby render themselves the dominant authority of the land / No! The Crown, and those who really are its supporters, shrink from placing it in so infirm, dependant, and despicable a position. They say there is but one safe principle in all cases where the Royal Authority is purported to have been pledged, THE RIGHTFULLY OR THE WRONGFULLY IS PAST QUESTION, MUCH LESS RECAHL—IT MUST BE HELD SACRED, INVIOLATE AND INVIOLABLE ! SIR JOHN FRANKLIN may rest assured, he will not find this Government a bed of roses. All went on delightfully for the first few months- -there was a rivalry a- mongst the people who should be loudest in the " viva's" for " the new Governor." So far, excellent A few months have passed away as it were hut a day, and the cry has so exhausted itself, that there are those who fear, that should His Excellency honor the interior with another visiting tour, he would find some little debility in the organs of exclamation. As to " the Press," which was one resonated " Jo triumpho" the whole (the comfortable Courier alone excepted,) it would seem not only to slacken somewhat in the fulness of its admiration, but to venture some little questionings as to the advantages which the Colony has derived (to be sure it is early day) from the so warmly greeted change. Even we, ourselves, warm adherents to the Government, as of course as good subjects, we cannot but necessarily be, repeated communications have been addressed even to us, as to certain continuations which were loudly and deeply exclaimed against under Colonel Arthur's administration. It cannot be denied that nothing gives more offence to the whole Colony, than that Mr. Franklaud—the reported enquiry—every thing connected with " the Department" seem worse than " cushioned." This is a single instance of the inclination of the public feeling. Yet we forbear to touch any of these matters for the present, seeing as we do, that there is a small sombre cloud rising in the horizon, which Sir John Franklin, when he was in the government of a Man of War, would have considered as foreboding a change in the weather. If we do not very much mistake, there will soon be abundant opportunities for " the comfortable Courier" to show how zealously and ably it will earn its emoluments, We are induced to these remarks remotely by a variety of circumstances, but immediately, by the perusal of the announcement in the Gazette oftheAppropriation Act for the ensuing year, which we very deeply regret to be compelled to state, lias occasioned to the whole Colony very deep regret. One of the northern Journals observed last week with great correctness, that it was useless to talk of " the Executive Council"—an invisible, intangible, irresponsible body—the only power (for authority it has none) possessed by which is to answer when asked. It may advise, if called upon, but it is SIR JOHN FRANKLIN who acts! We agree with our contemporary in his propoundings thereon. It is therefore that we have seen, we repeat, with much regret, the Appropriation Act for the ensuing year, to almost every item contained in which, our duty toOuRPatrons, THE PUBLIC, compels us to offer our unwilling opposition. And here we cannot but observe that the putting forth by Sir John Franklin this intimation of intended expenditure, exceeding in every particular the most profuse period of Colonel Arthur's Government, augers but little favourably for Mis Excellency's expectation of what will be the naj ture of the coming new constitution. It is j quite certain that His Excellency must .have seen during his six months reign, that the people look forward to the possession of that just boast and pride of Englishmen, ' Legislation by Representation, principallv, because thereby they will possess the control of their own money. His Ex- cellency has assurenly learnt wherever he has visited, that " Retrenchment" is the first and firmest wish {determination when they can command it) of the whole Colony. His Excellency seeing this, if he ex, pected that the new Constitution, undoubtedly by this time " the law of the land " would have been of such a liberal tendency as to give the people a really effective Representative Government, would doubtless not have put forth an estimate for the next year, which it is certain a Representative Government, if it was so, in real substance, would assuredly abrogate at it 8 first sitting. His Excellency well knows no Colonial Parliament, a majority of which, was really elected by the people, would ever consent to an expenditure of Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds per Annum, upon the Survey Department of a " Penal Settlement" of eight thousand householders, the head of which Department by those disqualifications with which he has been so repeatedly openly charged in the pubiic journals, has rendered it not only so infinitely worse than useless, that it has become obnoxious to the whole Colony. So also, an " Ecclesiastical Establishment" for such a "settlement," and such a handful of occupants, of Eight Thousand Two Hundred Pounds per Annum, for the most part expended upon a commissioned Chaplaincy, some of whom hold besides, glebes and other emoluments to a very considerable amount. So a^ain a Police Establishment of Twenty four Thousand Pounds per Annum, (which however, it has certainly rendered life and property secure, robbery being all but unknown,) the necessity thereof arising entirely out of British objects, the expense ought in common honesty to be defrayed by Britain It seems therefore, to be perfectly clear, that His Excellency must have reason to think that whatever may be the ghost of a representation which is to be permitted to this " Penal Settlement" it will not place in the hands of the people the absolute control of their own money. If otherwise, His Excellency would assuredly have prepared some little for such a fundamental change in the system, and in the consequentexpenditures, as he could not but be convinced, wonld certainly follow the possession by the people of a Representative Government really so in fact. We have prepared a commentary upon the proposed Appropriation Act, going through the whole series of the proposed expenditure, article by article, seriatim. It would have been inserted in our present number, but that it would occupy so much of our space as to compel us very unwillingly to defer it to our next; and this chiefly owing to the lengthened extent of the preceding article. In our next number, then, we shall endeavour to show in what respects the proposed unparalleled expenditure is so entirely objectionable that it would not be entertained for one moment, had the people the possession of that blessing, their justly indefeasible birthright, LEGISLATION BV REPRESENTATI ON, FREE, FAIR, AND BY WIDELY EXTENDED CON- STITUENCY. OUR readers will learn with much satisfaction, that the Report of the Committee appointed to investigate the conduct, state and condition, of those most interesting establishments, the Orphan Schools, has been prepared by Mr. Gregory, the President (we believe) of the Committee, and will be forthwith transmitted to Sir John Franklin, and of course placed upon the Council table and printed. If we pre rightly informed, Mr. Gregory has paid unsparing pains to render this Report complete in all its parts; and when it is before the public, he will be found to have executed the difficult task of bringing the mass of evidence which has been taken intoBO compressed, yet fully comprehensive a stale, very highly to the credit of his industry and ability. The " Report" is anxiously expected by the public. We have been favored by a friend with the following extract from the Order Book of the Legislative Council: LIST OF ACTS, AS THEY ARE PROPOSED TO BE TAKEN. First Week, 10th July to 15 th. Mo n ' 1\. Criminal Law Amendment \ 3< | rea , d l n ?' ( day, 17tn. 2 Cruelty to Animals 3 2d reading pott- 3 Coroner's Inquests y poned. 4 Voluntary Oaths' Act .... | ' M ° n " 5 Vessels Admeasuremnt .... » 2d reading, Wed 6 Civil Acts Extension j nefday, 19th. „ (3d .reading not 7 Marine Insurance Company f fixed_ 8 Watercourse Protection }3d reading, Wed- 9 Pawnbrokers 5 nesday, 19th. , .,, V2J reading, Fn- 10 Wives and Children ^ ^ l4lhi Second Week, 11th July to 22nd. f?d reading, Mon- 11 Merchant Seamen < day, 17ih, and (_ following days. I 2d reading, Thurs- 12 Church Act < '-day. ?0th, and {. following days Third Week, 24th July to 29th. 13 Estimates Particular day 14 New Norfolk Bridge > not 15 Newspaper Act 3 Fourth Week, 31sf July to 4th August. 16 Marriage Act Not ready. 