To the Editor of the Sydney Herald. SI Rosalie praise or blame me mortals cannot effect (lie dead. My memory has been cherished by tens of thousands, and execrated by multitudes. To this day I am presented on one part as a champion of the truth, and on the other as a being with whom even the devil, were disgusted. Notwithstanding the, conflict of opinions, li is evident, even from the calum-. mations of my enemies, that the influence of my conduct is not marked by the decrepitude of age, nor the imbecility of a second childhood. The principles of the reformation, or more correctly speaking, of the bible, still live and not merely live, but flourish, and bloom ; not, indeed, without storms and tempestuous interruptions, but as the oak which is written by the blast loosens Us supporting earth, and enables the tenderest root to shoot deeper and take a firmer hold, so do those principles, mocking the ruthless aggression of the powerful, the sinister attempts impostors, and the unprincipled concussions of Apostates, strike a deeper root into the kindliest affections of the heart, and spread a wider and more beneficial influence than ever over the moral and civil character of mankind. In the older of providence these principles are increasing, the wisdom, virtue, and happiness or men the clouds and darkness by which they are sometimes surrounded, produce a good influence by car. during the hopes of the weak and fearful, and the energies of " the men of war." You may be surprised, Sir. by receiving a communication from me; but I need not inform you that the opinion of disembodied spirits holding com manion with mankind is no new doctrine. I am not permitted to give you all the information I possess on this subject; and it would not make you a better man by furnishing you with our rous and speculative knowledge. Whether such as I are employed in the prevention of evil or the promotion of good, we are His creatures who " worketh after the pleasures of his own will," in a' bringing men out of darkness into marvellous lights We may have to expel an Adam from Paradise, or direct the pestilential blast of Sahara over the army of Sennacherib we may have to deliver a lot from Sodom, a Daniel from the lions, and Peter from prison, or to pour out the vials of wrath on an Anti-christian Church. Our work is His pleasure " whose thoughts are not as our thoughts." That we are acquainted with the ten thousand secret actions of men you need not doubt. The lett you must learn from " Moses and the pro! sphere'," take care that this book of instruction is not restricted by the plausible and fraudulent actions of the general education system. I have intimated that we are not unacquainted with the actions of mankind, but we are not permitted always to expose them. Some may be concealed from general view till the day of doom; yet in some occasions, elects are allowed to bring her recent sudden things of iliiiUncss. In all communities of men this is the case and a special illustration is now presenting to the world of the secret actions transacted in the contents of America. I may also inform you that several of the notions of the ma partly in the Irish system Inn, which are put turned to be as secret as the private councils of the Pope, arc instincts) known to some of your coriesprri.denl«, and fillies limit probably will be. divulged. The guilty crrrr'Creiires eil Minn' parties are ill at ease, that they cannot ki e p their course 1 ¡ they (breathes put. halves pinnacle no cure. I plainly tell them the potential cautery will now be a useless application excuses or death is the word! Before 1 bec li nie disembodied, Ule doctrines of supererogatory works appeared to my mind erroneous, and that they could " not be taught without arrogance and impiety for by them men do declare, that they do not only render unto One as much as the are lion ml To do, but Omi they do more for his sake, than of bounden duty If required." the man who trusts, in any degree, to " I'e'ter's box," hun- done, for the unchangeable flat is passed, " my glory will I not give her another." The priest who maintains this doctrine, is a wilful and con i uni deceiver of God's heritage, and a wanderer for hells The legislator who can pass laws that immediately 01 remotely support this part of the system, dishonest the truth of God, denies the very facts which his daily experience proves, and is an enemy to his species where, indeed, is the man who, rouse the language of commercial men, dares ask a settlement with his Maker, and tell Him that the balance is against Hun and to order the surplus stuck to be transferred to the joint-stock company in Rome ! No man yet has been found, under any profession of the christian systems who did more good than he was obliged to do, or who did not act, and think, and speak, to the last moment of his existence as being debtor, year, an insolvent deficit The case of the aron infidel Hume, even if it were to the point in question, is no contradiction to this view, Let any man carefully examine the question by the law of scripture, morality, philosophy, or necessity, and he will find that the doctrine must be false ; there is not the possibility of its being true. 1 therefore solemnly charge the priests of the Pope with having a guilty knowledge of this doctrine ; and with wilfully, corruptly, and for the love of lucre, fraudulently imposing on the credulity of their people, at the expense of their present peace, and of their future happiness and I charge the Apostate Protestant advocates of the general education scheme, will aiding and abetting this atrocious delusion The priests of the Pope are not deceived in this matter the abominable casuistry by which the scheme is supported, and the nefarious object lot which the doctrine is retained, jen, and evened, in the face of all Christendom, affords proof, not only of their guilty knowledge of their predecessors, but that " they do the same, and have pleasure in them that do them." This is not the place to discuss the religious tendency of this tence, but if once established, it is not easy to say how much literary, moral, and civil mis- chief it may effect. Had the doctrine been favours ble To learning, Friar Bacon would not have complained that the doctors of those days had he, care to acquire real knowledge, but only to seem knowing in the eyes of the senseless multitude." The preachers of this one-time, who, together with their successors, '. sanctify all means by the end," would feel no difficulty in writing : " we charge you, that, if the major part of the English prelates should make issued, that they are exempt from foreign jurisdiction, you demand a greater sum, and compel Hiern, by ecclesiastical censures, to withdraw appeals, any privilege or indulgence notwithstanding " Gregor) tX. affords the pious Protestant an excellent illustration of these supererogatory times. He calls the crusade "an effectual atonement for the miscarriages of a negligent life j the Holy War is a compendious method of discharging men from guilt, and restoring them to the divine favour I" Henry III. is informed, " that if he should lay violent hands on an ecclesiastic, and to fall under the censure of the canons, he might be absolved on submitting to the custom mary penance I's Good God I a " customary commutation for murder I II Cus- tomary I !" The priests of the Pope and their creatures find, apologies for the incarceration of Bacon in a death some prison, on the allegation of his dealing in magic in " The ignorance of the Times." I presume it was " the ignorance of the times" that three hundred years afterwards imprisoned Galileo I Was it the ignorance of the times that proclaimed the Holy War an effectual atonement for the sins of those who engaged therein, and a passport to the divine favour? Was it the ignorance of the times that religiously authorised murder for a penitential or pecuniary consideration? Waste the ignorance of the mines their " demanded a greater sum from prelates who well understood that precept of English law. " The King hath sure cure ecclesiastical power." More 7,15-?< or may execute authorities allege Supreme Ecclesiastes and this is one of those (lower qua facing coroner," Hub. Hi, and refused submission to the Pope's mandate i Was it the ignorance of the times that opened " Peter's box for the joint stock company of supererogatory works! I ask, did the ig Romance of the times engender these enormous and criminal corruptions, of the hypocrisy and avarice, and tyranny of the papal system it is it the ignorance of the present day that perpetuates to this very hour this impious doctrine, and opens the " big box'' to atone for the wretch, whose hands are red and reeking with the blood of a heretic 1 1 leave these questions and their consequences In the hands of your majority and their supporters " outside," and till you hear from me again, I am, your humble servant, THE GHOST OF LUTHER. . Ancient and modern Paganism it distinctly and irrefutably milked by the same general principles of Masses for the dead are founded on this conviction. I 