DK, CHATPIEIiD'a ZOCA Of' 339 KK .rJEPEKfOENCB OF THE BASE,. "?--- like a ghost a thing much talked of and seldom seen. If a Barrister possess any moral or professional independence, it cannot be worth much, for a few guineas will generally purchase it. 'It must be confessed that he is singularly independent of all those scruples which operate upon the consciences of other men. Right and wrong, truth and falsehood morality or profligacy, are all equally indifferent to him. Dealing in law, not justice, his brief is his' bible, the ten guineas of his retaining fee are his decalogue, his glory like that of a cook maid, consists in wearing a silk gown, and his heaven is in a Judge's wig. -Head, bear), conscience, body and soul, cure all for sale: the forensic brave stands to be hired by the highest bidder, ready to attack those whom he has just defended, or to defend those whom he has just attacked, according to the orders be may receive from his temporary master. Looking to the favor of the Judge for favor with his client, and to the Government for professional promo- tion. Barristers have too often been the object lick spittles of the one, and-the sup schools of the other. M. de la B ----, a French gentleman, seems to have formed a very correct notion of the independence of the Bar I - Having invited several tri fails to dine on a maigre day, his servant brought him word that there was only a single salmon left in the market, which he had not dared to bring away because it had been bespoken by a Banister. " Here-" said his master, putting two or three pieces of gold into his band, " go back directly and buy me the Banister and the salmon too. Barrister-A legal servant of all work one who s sometimes makes his gown a cloak for brow-beating and putting down a witness, who, but for this protection, might occasionally knock down the Barrister. Show me the c scientious counsel or, who, refusing to hire out his talents that he may screen the guilty, over each the innocent, defraud the orphan or impoverish the widow, will scrupulously decline a brief, unless the cause of his client wears at least a semblance of honesty and justice ; who will leave knaves and robbed s to the united infliction of the law, while he will cheerfully even his eloquence and skill in redressing the wrongs of the injured. Show me such a pattern of a Barrister, and will admit that he liddy deserves-not to have been at the Burt All brie (less Barristers will please to consider themselves excepted from the previous census, for I should be ready sorry to speak iii of any man-" without cause." 