;Originta I rvtresptnlence. THE BAPTISM OF BELLS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sin?-Amongst the " venerable absurdities" of darker ages, perhaps there is none more ridi culous than the Baptism of Bells. For the :% ..amusement of your readers, I shall subjoin aii account of this extraordinary ceremony.,::? Coming (says a converted Jesuit) in his journey to Veeletre a city in the Papacy, his hust'asked himn, i he had not a mind to see a ceremony which was to be celebrated the next day, in the Cathedral Churchi there. He told him there was a great bell to be 'baptized, whereof a great lord was to be the Gcd. *'father, and a lady of quality the Godmother, and that there would be a great appearance of the nobility .from all parts. Be'ore this, he had seen bells bap tized in France, yet knQwing (he says) that !t!e Italians exceed all nationsin the magnificence oftheir ceremonies, and that they commonly season them with a double proportion of superstition, he resolved to see it. About ten o'clock next morning, the busi hess came on, when the company being seated, th :officiating Bishop, in his chair, placed upon the steps of the high altar, erected for the purpose, struck up •the Psalms which were continued by the music, the same Psalmswhich are to he seeiiin the Romani Ritial. These being ended, he began. the blessing of;,Holy Water, to sanctify that whereby the bell was,after wards to be sanctified. This finished, thi Bishop .and priests dip sponges in the water, with ivliiclithey rub the bell all over, within and without, being, in n this respect (as he observes), better baptiedlthah children are used to be. In 'the mean timie ,abun -dance of prayers are repeated, .particulirly,ilat: God would be pleased to rinse, pur?fy,,and sanctify, and consecrate' this bell with his heave?ly beniediction. it h bell being thus well washed ,they dii ?td it withl clean napkins, and the Bishop taking' holy :oil,: therewith anointed the cross of metal, which.is at the.top:of, the bell, in order to make the devil flee at tle .ringing of0 , that hearing this bell,' he may tremble andflee be fore the banneir of the Ciross designiediupo.it. :Ansid after having made seven ciosses with the said oil,.on he outside of the hell, and four ?on the:%ih side, lie. caused the godJather and godtinhlieo to div.i nLari and then diiianhled of them: in.Italian, wliethei? )??e metal of' the bell, and the workmanship of. it had bbeei paid ,or to the artificers ? IWhretheii they:: believedl all that the Catholir, Apostolic, :Roiian Chiitrch lelieieives concerning the holiness and vittuie of bells ?i .? ' ,.iwhich questions they answered affirmatively. 'lhen. lie demanded, whatrnaime they desiredi souldlie pul upon the bell? !To wldich tlhelaldy:nwered,'Mariy. After this the words ?f consLcration weietpronounced S by the Bishop. Let.thissig (tmeaning the beli).be consecrated and saiicitfied, 'i thi' ame Jf the Fathi"r; Son, and Holy Ghost Amen'. T'lien-he totokltlie i enser, and censed it on the outside roun ? about, and after; wards putting the censer: under: tlhe bell, he; filed it with sacred tunies, repeating, allthele while, prayers and invocations, that it might Ibefilled witlh the deiv'of the Holy Spiit;, that at the sound of itthe enemy of all good may always take hiis fli it. ' Then to con elude the celemony, lie: arriayed the:-ell with the white robe of a proselyte or con eit lidtlhe gospel of Mary and Martha..i The solLemnity thus ended, the Bishop gave his benediction, and the priests ieceived, :great' preseits?from?ftht: godfjthei and godilothe' :WecoUld scarcely imagm;n that a Church pro fessing to be actuated by the' pure pinnciples of Chiristianiity wiuldd tolei?te?uctlih a' superstitious ceremony.: And yet, s't ra .te to?is.':yite lcstorei is not only t.plerated, but; is :actually delferided by iearned men. According to Durandus, the.,bell is consecrated in order to iinmp.t to0p it, a irttle, or •power, so that by its touch lior sounda,the devo tion of the people may be "icrerselii:, thefFruits of the earth preserved, the inisid sand!bodies of men kept in perfect health and: soundneps;:thlie winds stilled, the storms and: tempests dispersed., the violence of thunder and liglitning assuaged, and the devil and his angels kept at ýa distalce.' II , ::.. . am, Sir,' yoursi :; , . • . T . ' 