To the Editor of the Australian. Sir, — Tho ghost la Hamlet is made to say, 41 1 could a tale unfold.' Now, I must confeas I am not one of that sort of genus at all — for if I know anvthine which no one else has knowledge of (alas I that in indeed very, seldom) 1 must ' speak or die.' In fact all the Pronoun family are the sumo, from the great proud noisy brawl ing /, to the humble aud modest it j and I feel tho more compelled to adopt thin course, in the hope' that you may prove unto me a second Joseph unto a second Pharoah. It shall never be said of Toby -Pronoun but that while he can he will 'a tale unfold.' But 1 shall not delay you longer, Sir, or your readers either, for I know you must just now be wound up to that state of anxiety — half suspense, half-pleasure — so delightful to a story-teller ; besides I must not prose too much lest you should form too great expectations, and thus overshoot tho mark ; by the by, that puts me in mind of a worthy peda gogue in this Colony, who once had the trouble of ' teaching my young intellect how to shoot,' and who, when I handed to him my weekly 'theme,' perhaps beginning with some high sounding language, would exclaim with a satis factory tone of voico ' something coining,' nnd when he hod perused it so far as to perceive that ?though a mountain In labor it had but 'brought forth its mouse,' the good old mun would repluco his spectucles in their case, and indignantly throwing the M S. aside, would exclaim iu a half anfiM tniin nf vntce. neculinr to himself. 'Bless me, Master Pronoun, what's all this about?' But to begin. ?The Other evening, after partaking of an excel lent dinner, rendered more palatable than it oven was by the 'aid of some superb sherry, at which my father (Mr Noun) and I had bcou discussing the merits of the two candidates at the late eleo tlon, I proceeded towards the Domain for the purpose of enjoying my usual afternoon's walk. The effects of the wine had rendered me rather drowsy, and by the time I had arrived at Mac quarle Fort I did not feel much disposed to con tinue my walk; accordingly I snt myself down under the shade of ono of the many luxuriant shrubs abounding there. Lulled by tho peaceful murmur of the waters, I began musing on our late conversation, when suddenly, as if by mngic, I felt myself transported opposite the — ? Office, in George-street. A perfect darkness reigned around, save in the place I havo men tioned, which was brilliantly illuminated nnd hung with black. Urged by an irresistible Im pulse, I entered, when I heard a confused sound of voices proceeding apparently from above ; I accordingly proceeded upwards. Onwards, on wards, and onwards I went— flights of stairs after nights of stairs did 1 climb, but still I seemed to approach no nearer. At last, however, just as I was thinking of retracing my steps* a door opened, and stealing softly towards it, a strange scene burot on my view. I beheld before mo an „.,?.►.„.,„» hriUinntlu lii'htcd. ncarlv filled with men all attired in black, nnd near the door was a largo table covered with black cloth, under cover of which 1 ensconced myself. I had scarcely done so, when the door shut again, as it were by invisible agency. Suddenly a person started up, and began to addross the meeting. ' Gentlemen,' ho began in a mournful tone or voice, 'We aro verging fast into ruin. Is it to be home that we are to have a fellow elected who does not know Gaelic ? What is to be done now that Dr Gull'em, my celebrated countryman, is sending out so many Highlanders; and, besides, I- question much if he even knows Irish. Wow, gentlemen, I insist that had it not been for the Governor, I should certainly have obtained the prize, for a person so very incapable as the one from the opposite side would not have evor thought of such a thing. There has been, indeed, great treachery used towards me.'* Here the speaker's feelings Beamed to overcomo him, and l«n tinrtft tntn tftftrl. A celebrated literary clmracter now roso, wuoin [ had not peiceived before, and begun to spoak ipparently in a passionate mood. ' Gentlemen, ho began, ' I entirely agree with Mr Muekle 3ully that no man should bo elected who does not know Gaelic. In fact, if we don't soon get mother ruler I know not what we shall do. In the course of my lato abstruse researches, I aoci nontally stumbled on an ancient book, entitled, ' The world turned upside down,' with plates beautifully illustrating the subject, in one of which thero is a man, a cart, and an ass going to market, and, would you believe it, gentlemen ?— Imtcnd of tho man driving tho an», nnd flogging him, why, tho mini's harnessed to tho cart, nnd the ass 1» flogging him ; nnd, I ssy. that will soon bo tho way witli us and tho Felonry— instead of us being mnstcrs and getting thorn flogged, they 11 be masters and getting u, 1logKed. Gentlemen, the only way to better it, (and I appeal to every man who ban tho interest of hinuetf and ma ku l-LOVKH at heart, to say whether 1 do not spoak the truth,) is to chango our Governor. Why not mnko my employer Governor?— or m wo Bay In Latin, 'Multibus UicMutJonesWui Oovertttbui.' I say that tho Governor in this ease has shown utter contempt of the Torc-euts. Why did ho not, whon Mr ? resigned, disband the Police force, when there would have been no occasion for such a Court, and not Uke the unwarrantable liberty of appointing another person to fill his place ; or, if he hesitated, why not appoint me?' Tho talented speaker concluded a long and elo quent address, by proposing that a pleco or pltlto bo presented to him for his services on the occasion. ( A singular looking being now started up, who. from some Btrunge fancy, had his emttumeih 'I insist, Gentlemen, that If there I* n pleco of plate to bo given it is due to me. Have I not even written agalnit myielf, nud done the utmost to Ward off tho impending danger. I «»y that tho ?last speaker is n coinploto — — - A person here rose, who bora a most singular esemblauce to the portrait of the celebrated iampden, and begged to remind the last speaker hat no bad language was allowed at this meeting; 'la fact,' he said, 'he thought ho was the more* sntitled to the piece of plate than any one, from ho spirited manner in which he acted when the Sovernor had attempted to take away his slave rom him : he had shown him that he was not to je led like a Lamb to the slaughter.' At this junction, when every thing appeared likely to ' turn up for a row,' the door flew open, irhen a moat insufferable smell of brimstone did fused itself in the room, and I heard several loud whispers of ' He's coming.' A sickening senia tion now came o'er me, and I made a ruili to gain the door, but unfortunately for mo I over, turned the table in my haste. Loud criea nro;o of ' A Spy — a Spy,' and now the holl,iboll,.o (w Paddy calls it) began, llcgardlcss of all this, I sprang forward like a frightened deer with the whole of the pack at my heels. I had already reached the top of the stairs, when auddanly, to my horror and dismay, they gave way and fell with a loud crash, just leaving tho step on which I was standing. Nothing, I thought, was now left me but to die, but I was determined to sell my life as ttenrly as I could. Tearing a piece from the plank on which I was standing, I sprang backward-, and — What do you think I did, Mr Editor ? Why, I awoke. In fact I had been asleep all the while) and all these speeches and everything else were but a dream. And now, Sir, I must do that which I always do when I've got nothing more to write, viz. con. dude— 'hoping', however, at the same time, that you will not say, like my late worthy master, 'Bless mo, Mr Pronoun, whit's all this about?' Your servant to command, TOBIAS PRONOUN. 