SUPREME COURT—CRIMINAL SIDE. MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1836. Before His Honor Mr. Justice Montagu, and a Military Jury. Elisha Bailey was acquitted on a charge of stealing one pig, the property of Mr. Murdoch. James Murphy was acquitted on a charge of assaulting James Thomas Godfrey, and taking from his person, on the 16th December, one Spanish dollar. Benjamin Jackson was acquitted on a charge of stealing a silver pencil case, the property of Dr. Crowther. William Davis was found guilty of stealing several articles of wearing apparel, the pro- perty of H. Sly and others, from a box given into his charge to convey from Bruné Island to Hobart Town. Rex v. Hackett. On the prosecution of Dr. James Scott, Colonial Surgeon, Mr. Horne conducted the prosecution, and the Solicitor General ap- peared for the defendant. The indictment was read by the Clerk of the Court It contained three counts—the first of which charged Mr. Hackett with having spoken certain words, and used certain ges- tures, with intent to vex, injure, and disgust Dr. Scott, and to incite him to commit a breach of the peace. The second count charged, that he beat, wounded, and bruised the plaintiff, to his great damage, &c.; The third count charged a common assault. Mr. Horne, in addressing the Jury, stated that he presented the case to them with great confidence, feeling satisfied, as he did, that he should be enabled to lay before them evidence that would fully bear out the charges in the indictment ; indeed, he would go further, and state that he should be enabled to prove, by the most unquestionable testimony, that the insult complained of was a premeditated act ; for he should lay evidence before them to - prove that the defendant had previously de- clared that he would annoy the plaintiff; in fact, that he would never leave him until he had driven him to self destruction, and he had no doubt he should prove the words and ges- tures were used with the intent to cause the plaintiff to commit a breach of the peace; and if he proved these points satisfactorily to them, he had no occasion to urge any thing relative to the consequences of their verdict—he must add, that it was a matter of utmost im- portance that a check should be given to such who were the guardians of the public peace; and as it were the cement of society, would they, he asked, permit the bands of society to be thus ruptured, to be thus severed asunder ?" He would call on each Gentleman sitting on that Jury to place himself in the same situation as the plaintiff, and ask how he would act under similar circumstances. He would first put the plaintiff himself into the box ; and he did so not because he could not substantiate his case without the plaintiffs evidence, but he did so to give the defendant an opportunity of cross-examining him at any length he might think proper. He then called Dr. James Scott, who de- posed as follows:—I am Colonial Surgeon and Justice of the Peace ; I recollect, on the 4th of August last, I met Mr. Hackett in company. with Mr. Brodribb ; I first saw him opposite the Ship Inn ; I was in company with Mr. George: Bilton, in Elizabeth-street ; Mr. Hackett was in Collins-street : I was going towards the Ship Inn ; Mr. Hackett was going in the direction of Dr. Ross's; he returned almost immediately, and went towards Elizabeth-street. Mr. Hackett, on seeing me, called out: " Richardson's Ghost" several times ; he was within two yards of me when he passed me, calling out the same words, and in the same manner. I had left Mr. Bilton, when Mr. Hackett passed me the second time ; I then followed a short way behind Mr. Hackett and Mr. Brodribb, in Elizabeth-street ; Mr. Hackett still continued calling out "Richardson's Ghost—do you see Richardson's Ghost," and kept brandishing his stick in almost menacing manner, spitting in his hand at the same time, and staring at me occasionally, when he said, "do you see Richardson's Ghost." Mr. Hackett and Mr. Brodribb made a stand at the bridge ; I was about fifteen yards behind them ; I continued my course until I came up to the bridge; when Mr. Hackett made use of the same language; I said, "Mr. Hackett, sure you don't mean this as an insult;" he commenced again, and brandished his stick in the same way ; I was then about one yard from him ; he called out, "pass on fellow, you black- guard, Richardson's Ghost, you murderer of Richardson ; " the stick was pointed to me, and was raised in an irritating manner, so much so, that I closed upon him. I thought he was going to strike me ; he might have done so at the distance, and I thought he would from the way he had used the stick before. When I closed on him, he again re- peated the same expression—he spoke a great deal, but I do not recollect any other term at present ; the words were undoubtedly addressed to me—he used them in reply to my question, ''do you mean to insult me." "Cross-examined by the Solicitor General. I closed with him ; I tried to put my enemy under my foot ; I wrestled with him, and, if it had not been for his friend, I have no doubt we should both have gone over the bridge. What passed in my mind was, to get the better of my enemy ; I did express my regret afterwards that I had not thrown him over the bridge. Mr. Hackett put his thumb in my mouth during the scuffle, and I believe he suffered. I followed Mr. Hackett as far as the bridge, and then he made a stand. When I first addressed Mr. Hackett, I might have been about four yards from him ; I then rushed upon him—this was in the beginning of August. I was nominated as one of a deputation, to carry an address from this Court-house to Sir John Franklin. [Mr. Solicitor put a card into the witnesses hand, asking him if he knew that likeness of Richard- son, whom Dr. Johnson spoke so highly of.] Re-examined by Mr. Horne—l was going home when I followed Mr. Hackett. By His Honor—I think if Mr. Hackett had not used the words I should have gone into the Ship Inn. Mr. George Bilton examined—I know Dr. Scott and Mr; Hackett ; on the 4th of August I was in company with Dr, Scott about four o'clock in the afternoon; we walked down the street together till we came to the Ship Inn, when my attention was directed by a person calling out " Richardson's Ghost" twice in Collins-street, and three times in Elizabeth street. The person so calling out was Mr. Hackett, he was coming out of the Ship Inn; door ; I left Dr Scott; who took the direction of the bridge in Elizabeth-street Mr. Hackett took the same direction ; I afterwards heard Mr. Hackett use the same words as he walked along ; Dr. Scott was about five or six yards from him on the street ; I thought the words were addressed to Dr. Scott, for Mr. Hackett turned round and looked at him ; he had a stick in his hand ; I watched them till they came to the bridge, when Mr. Hackett turned round and put up his stick ; Mr. Brodribb was with him ; Dr Scott appeared to put his foot as if to throw him down ; the stick was held up to Dr. Scott ; Mr. Hackett appeared very much excited ; Mr. Hackett was near enough to have struck Dr. Scott with the stick; I did not at first know to whom the words " Richardson's ghost" were addressed. Cross-examined by the Solicitor General.— The language could not have been used to me from the subsequent consequences on the bridge ; I was at the corner of the Ship-Inn at the time of the disturbance on the bridge ; I do mean to say I could, and did see, that Mr. Hackett was near enough to strike Dr. Scott. Augustus Morriss deposed—I was in Eliza- beth-street in August last; I saw Mr. Hackett and Dr. Scott, and Mr. Bilton, all there ; I first saw them near the Ship Inn ; I also saw Mr. Brodribb. Dr. Scott was standing at the Ship corner when Mr. Hackett passed him on the footpath going towards Elizabeth-street ; on passing Dr. Scott, Mr. Hackett grinned, looking towards Dr. Scott, and cried out, " You know what you are." They then went towards the bridge, Dr. Scott being about ten yards behind Mr. Hackett. I followed them slowly ; Mr. Hackett called out several times, " Richardson's Ghost," using violent gestures. He had a walking-stick, which he held by the small end, and was brandishing it ; when he said "Richardson's Ghost," he turned towards Dr. Scott. They then arrived at the bridge, and Mr. Hackett stood, turning half round, and Dr. Scott came within four or five yards of him, opposite to him. Mr. Hackett called out something which I do not recollect ; Dr. Scott then went up to Mr. Hackett; Mr. Hackett said, " Pass on, you villain," or you scoundrel, " Richardson's Ghost, murderer of Richardson." Dr. Scott and Mr. Hackett immediately closed; Mr. Hackett was holding the stick in the posture of guard, but when he spoke the words he was brandishing the stick, and was near enough to have struck him. The words, I should say, were ad- dressed to Dr. Scott, for Mr. Hackett was looking at Dr. Scott. Cross-examined.—When Dr. Scott and Mr. Hackett closed, they were near enough to touch one another's hand ; I was about forty yards from the bridge. Robert Caldwell examined.—I remember seeing Mr. Hackett and Dr. Scott on Wel- lington-bridge in the beginning of August ; I was in my shop ; I heard a quarrel, and I went out and saw Dr. Scott and Mr. Hackett both there, a scuffle and fray took place, and they appeared to be trying to throw one an- other over the bridge. I heard Mr. Hackett use such words as scoundrel, villain, and seve- ral other harsh terms ; I did not hear what Dr. Scott said ; I saw the parties close. Mr. Hackett had a stick in his hand; he was hold- ing it pretty high over Dr. Scott's head. This was before they closed ; he was then near enough to have struck Dr. Scott. Cross-examined.—Mr. Hackett was first on the wall of the bridge, and then he recovered himself and got Dr. Scott very near over. W. Henry Martin examined.—I know both plaintiff and defendant; I was on the foot of Wellington-bridge in the beginning of August, and saw Mr. Hackett, Mr. Brodribb, and Dr. Scott on the bridge; the two former were there first; Dr. Scott came up and passed Mr. Hackett ; Mr. Hackett called out something when Dr. Scott advanced, and said, do you wish to insult me ? Mr. Hackett made some reply, and pointed or held up his stick to- wards Dr. Scott ; they then closed. I did not see which closed first ; they scuffled and fell on the ground. I saw Dr. Scott about twenty yards before he got to the bridge ; I recollect hearing Mr. Hackett say the word " Ghost" in the street, and after they were parted I heard Mr. Hackett say, "Richardson's Ghost" several times. William Davidson deposed—I know both parties ; on the 4th of August I heard of this affray taking place on Wellington-bridge. I had frequent conversation with Mr. Hackett relative to Dr. Scott previous to my hearing of it. Mr. Hackett seemed very much ag- grieved with Dr. Scott ; he said a servant of Dr. Scott's, named Richardson, had some time ago been hung for cattle and sheep steal- ing, and that Dr. Scott had been the murderer of him, and that he would never leave Dr. Scott till he had hunted him out of his ex- istence. This was two or three days before I heard of the affray. Cross-examined.—I had heard Mr. Hackett say this more than once ; he said once that Mr. Moore, Dr. Scott, and Captain Montagu, he never would leave as long as they were in existence. I recollect Mrs. Hackett's con- finement ; I never recollect a note purporting to be written by Dr. Scott to Mrs. Hackett - being shown to me by Mr. Hackett or any one else ; I swear there never was. I never recollect calling Mr. Hackett's attention to Dr. Scott's equipage, but I recollect Mr. Hackett's calling my attention to it ; I think it was the day Mrs. Hackett was confined ; I did that day see Dr. Scott's carriage pass up and down Macquarie-street ; a person was driving the carriage up and down, waiting for Dr. Scott ; I saw Dr. Scott in it after- wards. Mr. Hackett and myself are not at present on very good terms ; when these con- versations took place we were on speaking terms. When Mr. Hackett said that about Dr. Scott, Mr. Hackett appeared very much excited at Dr. Scott's not attending his wife during her confinement. Mr. R. L. Murray and Mr. Gilbert Ro- bertson were called, but did not answer. [Dr. Scott admitted the note put in was written and sent by him and intended for Mrs Hackett.] Mr. Solicitor General then rose and said Gentlemen—It now becomes my duty to ad- dress you as to whether or not the defendant has committed a misdemeanor, such as I never before heard of charged in any information ; and l feel quite confident that, with the ad- mitted evidence of the plaintiff before you, that he was one of those many gentlemen who came forward to sign an address to His Excel- lency Sir John Franklin on his arrival amongst us—one of those who hoped all dissentions in the community would cease, and that a hap- pier state of things would arise. I should really have hoped that the plaintiff, as one of the subscribers to that address, would have set a better example than, as I may say, to have thrown the apple of discord among us by bringing before this Court such a prosecution as this ; and I do most deeply regret that he has shown such a speedy example of a con- tinuance of that system of annoyance which has so long been deplored in this community. But, Gentlemen, do not suppose for one mo- ment that I am here to excuse the defendant's conduct. No, Gentlemen ; I should consider it folly for me to do so, and sorry indeed am I that he did in a moment of forgetfulness suffer his passion to overbalance his reason, and make use of expressions which I know cannot be, nor shall I attempt to justify them. [His Honor said, he considered there was no evidence whatever on the second count, and it was accordingly abandoned by the Counsel for the prosecution.] The Solicitor General resumed.—I am sure, Gentlemen, when you hear the evidence, I shall of necessity be compelled to lay before you, that you will feel with me sorry that ever this case was brought into this Court. With respect to the nature of the evidence as to the assault committed, what does it amount to? why, a mere raising a stick, and that, although in point of law it may excuse the plaintiff in some measure, still it cannot justify the atrocious attempt made by him to put an end to the defendant's existence ; neither, Gen- tlemen, does he relent or express himself the least sorry for having made such an attempt —but what does he say, after he has had time to calmly and deliberately consider the sub- ject—what does he tell you, Gentlemen, why, that he is sorry he did not throw him over the bridge. [His Honor here interrupted, saying, that the plaintiff had not said so.] But Gentlemen, continued the Solicitor General, I will prove to you that he said it was his intention to have thrown him over at any risk, and for ought I know the blood of the plaintiff may be boiling within him up to this very moment ; and, with what justice I ask you, Gentlemen, can he come here and ask you to give him a verdict against the defendant, when he himself actually sought to take away his life, and it will be distinctly proved to you such would have been the case, but for the kindly interference of a friend. Gentlemen, to the terms or wording of this information, I would draw your particular attention. The plaintiff styles himself a Justice of the Peace, and the defendant is merely designated a distiller, and, reading the information throughout, I do say that such an information was never filed in any Court. Gentlemen, with respect to the terms " Richard- son's Ghost," which it is proved the defendant used, I cannot see why they should have been so very offensive to the plaintiff, or why he should at first have taken the words to have been addressed to himself any more than to Mr. Bilton. Really, Gentlemen, I think if the plaintiff is so very susceptible as this, the sooner he is restrained from going about Hobart Town the better ; I do not pretend to vindicate the use of the language, but why should the plaintiff take it to himself, unless, indeed, he had been studying the novel of Pamela, written by Samuel Richardson, who died many years ago, and of whom Dr. Johnson speaks so very highly—but what connection there can be between Samuel Richardson, the author of Pamela, and the Colonial Surgeon, I am quite at a loss to dis- cover ;—then Gentlemen, I would draw your particular attention to the testimony of Wil- liam Davidson, he, tells you, he is not at present intimate with defendant but previous to the conversation between defendant and himself, he was tolerably so, and what does he come here and tell you to day, why he tells you what was communicated to him as a friend, not thinking he would betray the con- fidence placed in that friendship, but under what circumstances was the communication made, William Davidson has told you plain- tiff's carriage was seen driving about, up and down, before defendant's house, the very day Mrs. Hackett was confined, and that defendant ; appeared very much excited against plaintiff, —yes Gentlemen, and under such excitement he makes a statement to a friend, which is afterwards to be made evidence against him. Look then also Gentlemen at the circum- stance of this letter being written in such an hour of peril to Mrs. Hackett ; was not that, I ask, in itself, sufficient to have roused the ire of the husband, when he saw his wife so insulted by her medical attendant—and now, Gentle- men, they would prove to you, that in a mo- ment of cool deliberation, defendant contem- plated the hunting (to use their own expres- sion) plaintiff out of his existence. I shall first ask you, Gentlemen, was not the assault caused by plaintiff, for they have only told you part of the story, viz-—plaintiff's question to defendant. I shall fill up the vacancy by giving you defendant's reply; which was, I want to have nothing to do with you, and I con- tend, what took place afterwards was plaintiff's act, and defendant is not accountable for it. Gentlemen, you have, then to try whether or not Dr. Scott comes into this Court with clean hands—whether he (Dr. Scott) did not follow Mr. Hackett with intent to cause him to com- mit a breach of the peace. I would then again draw your attention to this note in the handwriting of Dr. Scott. [Which he then read.] That, Gentlemen, I contend, if not an inten- tional insult, argues exceeding carelessness on the part of the plaintiff; and it was quite na- tural that the defendant should express him- self warmly respecting it. I shall now call before you my witnesses, and when you have heard their testimony, I feel satisfied your verdict will be such as to teach the plaintiff he ought to have followed up more promptly that recommendation I before alluded to ; for, Gentlemen, it is high time these disturbances among society ceased, and I am sure that al- though you may be of opinion that the defen- dant's conduct was not praiseworthy, yet I am confident you will consider that the plain- tiff was wholly without excuse, especially when you take into consideration the awful and distressing death-bed scene he has but a few hours ago been called to witness. I think, Gentlemen, you will agree with me that it would have been much more creditable to him, more in unison with the feelings of humanity —more characteristic of one who wished to see society bound by the ties of peace and concord, had Dr. Scott withdrawn this infor- mation from the file of this Court. He then proceeded to call the witnesses for the defence. Dr. James Henry Westbrook deposed as follows—I recollect attending Mrs. Hackett during her confinement on the 24th of July last; Dr. Scott was then expected by Mrs. Hackett ; I saw a note addressed to Mrs. Hackett ; Mr. Rowlands shewed it to me ; I told Mrs. Hackett Dr. Scott was out of town ; I saw Dr. S.'s carriage pass up and down Mac- quarie-street that day; it passed the house re- peatedly, and I saw the person who was driving stop near the door ; I was with Mr. Hackett in the parlour ; Mr. Hackett was excited, thinking the carriage was purposely driven about on that day. Cross-examined by Mr. Horne—Dr. Scott was not in the carriage; I saw him afterwards coming across the green from Mr. Barnes's house ; I said to Mr. Hackett, " you see it is accidental. Dr. Scott has been detained at Mr. Barnes's." Mr. W. A. Brodribb deposed—On the 4th of August I was in company with Mr. Hackett ; I came out of the Ship Inn with him about 4 o'clock; he got on the second step and called out, " Richardson's ghost;" I did not at first understand what he meant ; I saw Dr. Scott in Elizabeth-street, coming towards the Ship Inn when Mr. Hackett and myself went to- wards Dr. Ross's ; being then well aware of Mr. Hackett's meaning, I framed an excuse saying, " I'll go down Elizabeth-street;" Mr. Hackett turned with me, and when opposite the Ship Inn, we passed Dr. Scott, when Mr. Hackett said, " have you seen anything of ' Richardson's ghost ;' " I then saw Dr. Scott had turned to follow us; I said to Mr. Hackett " don't say any more, we shall have a row for Dr. Scott is close behind us ;" when we got as far as the bridge, Dr. Scott passed, and turning round, said to Mr. Hackett, "do you mean to insult me ;" Mr. Hackett said, "I wish to have nothing at all to do with you ;" the question and answer were repeated three times, when Mr. Hackett said, " I wish to have nothing to do with such a fellow as you." The doctor then said, "fellow?" and kicked Mr. Hackett about the knee ; Mr. Hackett then struck him with a stick ; the Doctor then took the stick from Mr. Hackett, and I took it from the Doctor, and then they were al- ternately on the wall of the bridge ; I did not see the stick brandished till after Dr. Scott kicked Mr. Hackett ; I met Dr. Scott a day or two after in Macquarie- street, and he thanked me for saving his life, and said if I had not interfered he should have thrown Mr. Hackett over the bridge at any risk. Cross-examined—The fact, was, I feigned to be going to Elizabeth-street because I knew the term " Richardson's Ghost" was intended to apply to Dr. Scott, and I wanted to get rid of Mr. Hackett and not get into a row, as I expected there would be one as the Doctor was coming; I think from the Ship Inn corner to the bridge, Mr. Hackett did not use the words, " Richardson's Ghost" more than once. The first words spoken after we left the cor- ner were, by Dr Scott's saying,, " do you mean to insult me;" I did not see Mr. Hackett brandish the stick, as I have heard the other witnesses say ; such expressions as villain, &c;, were not used until after the affair was over ; I was subpoenaed to give evi- dence in this case last Sessions. George Wise deposed—I saw the parties on the day in question; Dr Scott got to the bridge first; when he appeared to be going from the corner of the bridge towards his own house, he returned a few paces towards Mr. Hackett and kicked him. Mr. Hackett had a stick in his hand, which he held with the crook downward!. Cross-examined—Mr. Douglass called me out of my house, and I watched them all the way to the bridge ; I did not see either party run towards the other on the road to the bridge. Henry Douglas deposed, on the day in question I heard as I was standing at the Ship corner Dr. Scott say, " the fellow who used that expression dare not fight me." Cross-examined—I do not know whether or not that expression was used to Dr. Scott or not, I think Mr. Bilton must have heard it. George Bilton re-called—Dr. Scott did not say anything of the kind to me. By His Honor—I am quite positive Mr. Hackett was brandishing the stick before I saw Dr. Scott put his foot up to Mr. Hackett. Mr. Horne rose and said, Gentlemen of the Jury, it again becomes my duty to address you, and I admit at the outset, that if you, Gentlemen, can look at this letter, written by the plaintiff to the wife of the defendant—mind, Gentlemen the date of it, it is written on the 12th of July, Mrs. Hackett is not confined until the 24th of July, and this assault did not take place till the 4th of August—I say, Gentle- men, if you can look at this letter, and say that it conveys insult of the slightest kind ; I will go further, and say if you consider there is ought unkind or ungentlemanly towards that lady I will immediately abandon my case. Really, Gentlemen, I feel confident you could not even find ought in this language that you could by any possibility construe into any thing of the kind. Then, Gentlemen, I must say a word or two respecting that millenial peace which my friend the Solicitor General has so regretted that plaintiff should have in a measure interrupted ; I think it right to state that the delay was not occasioned by plaintiff—this case would have been tried last session but from some informality in the pleadings. But, Gentlemen, is it to be sup- posed, is it, I ask reasonable to expect that plaintiff, who has been thus most grossly— most shamefully, and most unprovokedly, insulted. I say, Gentlemen, is it to be sup- posed that he is still to writhe under the an- guish of such insult, that he is still to lay open to repetitions of the same conduct from Mr. Hackett—because why ? Gentle- men you have this day been told because a new Governor happened to arrive in the Colony before the case was tried, and so I suppose you are to understand that plaintiff ought not to obtain any satisfaction in this Court at your hands, because he has been the first to break that peace which my friend, the Solicitor Ge- neral appears so anxious to protect, and his case of complaint must be put an end to at once, and he remain still liable to be hunted up—yes, Gentlemen, still to be hunted out of existence. Gentlemen, it is very fine for the defendant's counsel to talk about peace, but look here, Gentlemen, (holding up a brief) here is a brief in which I am called upon to defend plaintiff on a counter prosecution for the same affair. [The Solicitor General rose and said he had some time ago received inti- mation of the case being abandoned] Why, (continued Mr. Horne) why not withdraw the information from the file of the Court, for it is upon the file. Gentlemen I wonder much the information has not been withdrawn, from Mr. Solicitor General's anxiety for peace ; if the counsel for the defendant will not justify his conduct, why does not defendant now come for- ward, or his counsel for him, and before this court avow it. But, Gentlemen, no !—Look at the defence they have set up, that plaintiff's carriage was seen driving up and down Mac- quarie-street on the day of Mrs. Hackett's confinement. Let us even, Gentlemen, sup- pose the carriage was there for the purpose of insulting defendant ; that even supposing it to be a fact, transpiring on the 24th of July, does it justify defendant's accosting plaintiff as he did on the 4th of August—but what does Dr. Westbrook tell you ?—why he says " Mr. Hackett you see it was accidental"— after that can you suppose that the rancour that might have been burning in defendant's breast at the moment could have been kept to the 4th of August. Gentlemen, I feel confi- dent that you will see this case in the light in which I do, and that by your verdict this day you will not suffer such a defence as this to meet with a triumph ; what will be the con- sequence if you do ?—why some other person will perhaps next week be actually thrown over the bridge, and meet with an untimely end. Then, Gentlemen, with regard to the card shown to the witness by Mr. Solicitor General, what would he have you believe by the production of that card, why he would en- deavour to stultify your common sense, and have you believe that defendant meant Richardson, the author of Pamela. But, Gentlemen, can you, after Mr. Davidson's evidence, believe that it meant to allude to any other than a man who was hung in this Colony. Really, Gen- tlemen, will you allow such a state of things as this to exist, while it is in your province to put a check to them—and I call upon you this day to show by your verdict that you are determined so to do, and you will have no more such cases to try. You, Gentlemen, have to say whether this assault has been committed with the intent charged or not, and I again remind you that the peace of the country, and the well-being of society de- mands such a check, and that check in a measure depends on you. Mr. Horne having sat down His Honor reminded him there was another whose province it was to direct the jury, as to the nature of the offence. Mr. Horne was sorry he had been guilty of such an over- sight. During the trial an argument took place between His Honor and the Counsel for both parties as to whether the speaking such words as charged were indictable. Mr. Horne sub- mitted that words coupled with an act were indictable, if the two coupled together were calculated to incite to the commission of a breach of the peace. His Honor quoted several authorities where- in it was laid down that words, however slan- derous, were not indictable unless they di- rectly led to the commission of a breach of the peace. Mr. Horne submitted that in this case it was clear it had led to such a breach. The point was left open for argument, when the defendant was called up for judgment, in the event of the jury finding him guilty. His Honor addressed a few observations to the jury, as to the nature of the 1st and 3rd counts of the information—the 2nd having been abandoned by the prosecutor. To find the defendant guilty on the first count they must be satisfied that the words spoken, and the brandishing the stick was done to excite Dr. Scott to commit a breach of the peace. The third count charged a common assault, which was proved by the stick having been held over Dr. Scott. The Jury after a short deliberation, return- ed a verdict of guilty on the 1st and 3rd counts. His Honor enquired if they were of opi- nion the words were spoken with intent to ex- cite Dr. Scott to commit a breach of the peace. The foreman replied they were. Mr. Hackett was held to bail, himself in £200, and two sureties in £100 each, to ap- pear to receive the judgment of the Court on Thursday next, or any time when called on during the present session. TUESDAY, JANUARY 24. Before His Honor Mr. Justice Montagu. REX v. JAMES SCOTT On the prosecution of Mr. J. Hackett for an assault. This case was called on, and no one appearing on the part of the prosecution it was dismissed. REX v. T. G. GREGSON. On the prosecution of Henry Arthur—this case was tried before the following jury :— Captain Robert Kellsall ; Captain Charles Lonsdale ; Captain Angus McKenzie ; Capt. McKay ; Lieutenant Wrixon ; Lieut. Ainsley ; and Lieutenant Munday. On Captain Lonsdale's name being called by the Clerk of the Court, Mr. Gregson challenged him on the ground that he was a full-pay officer, and he did so to the whole of the Jury. His Honor called on the defendant to state his reasons for objecting to the full pay officers. The defendant stated, he had had the misfortune, unintentionally, to give offence to some of the officers of the 21st regiment, and that when speaking to others with whom he was friendly, he had observed a certain something—a certain " esprit de corps" which he could not account for, except on the ground that the same feeling ran through the whole of the officers of a regi- ment against a party who had the misfortune to be circumstanced as he had been, for he had to use a vulgar though a common phrase, been "cut" by one or two of the officers of the 21st. His Honor said, if he could prove the officers had a feeling against him, it would be a-good ground of challenge; but what the defendant had stated of them as a body would not be legal ground, unless it was proved, with respect to each of them; as they were called to be sworn. The defendant said the reason he had stated was his only reason for applying for a half-pay Jury, but if that was not a legal ground of challenge, he was quite satisfied with the present Jury, and forbore from making any further objection. One or two of the gentlemen of the Jury wished to be excused, particularly Lieutenant Bailey, who, after a short discussion, retired. Lieutenant Lonsdale stood up, and said he could have no ill-feeling, as he had never, to the best of his knowledge, seen the defendant before. Lieutenant Munday was called in the place of Lieutenant Bailey. He stated that from what he had heard, he had no doubt the defendant had referred to him, for he certainly had not been on speaking terms with the defendant for some time past. The defendant did not object to Lieutenant Mun- day, and he went into the box. Before the Jury were sworn, His Honor again reminded the defendant, that the matter he had urged, was ground of challenge, if he wished to prove it. Defendant said, after what had fallen from His Honor, he was quite satisfied with the Jury; and the trial proceeded. Mr. Solicitor General conducted the case for the prosecutor—he addressed the Jury nearly as follows :—Gentlemen of the Jury, " this is an indictment for an assault com- mitted by defendant on plaintiff, by horse- whipping him in the public street. In the first place, Gentlemen, I shall lay before you, the facts and circumstances out of which this prosecution arose, and, I shall endeavour to do so, without the least coloring, and after you are put in possession of all the facts of the case, I call upon you to pronounce your calm and deliberate verdict. Gentlemen, the circumstances, as will be proved to you, are as follows :—the night before the assault was committed, both the parties, plaintiff and defendant were at the theatre, when from cir- cumstances occurring while there, the pro- secutor's friend found himself compelled to seek, what is termed, gentlemanly satisfac- tion from the defendant, for which purpose, the plaintiff saw the friend of the defendant, and from other circumstances, arising out of that interview ; a public notification was made, in which the defendant, was branded with epithets, which I admit, were most grating to any person who had the least preten- tions to the character of a gentleman. This notification was signed by the friend of the plaintiff, who had sent him to the defendant. Now, strange to say, the defendant thought proper to identify plaintiff, with the publica- tion of this attack upon himself, with which it will be proved in evidence, he had no more to do than one of you had, and although a copy of the document may be produced before you to-day, in the hand writing of the prosecutor, still on this position I stand—I say, the pro- secutor was not identified in the affair, and I am confident, no ingenuity however great that may be used on the other side, can by any possibility remove me from, it—and yet, Gentlemen, strange to say, without even knowing, whether the plaintiff identified him- self with the publication or not, you will find the defendant goes up—runs up I believe, in the middle of Macquarie- street, to the plaintiff, when he was in company with his friend, and says, " do you identify your- self with Mr. Jellicoe in that placard," and without even waiting for an answer to the question, committed the assault, which is now complained of. It will also be proved to you, that a few minutes after, the defendant was taken in custody under a warrant. That after he was in the custody of the constables, he said to the plaintiff, you are a d—d scoundrel, you belong to a white feathered family, and several other most insulting epithets. Now, Gentlemen, I invite them on the other side, to go into the whole merits of the case, and when they are before you, I am confident your verdict will be such, as to teach the de- fendant, that such gross outrages against the public peace will not be looked upon by you with impunity. He then called Henry Arthur, sworn, deposed—I remember being at the theatre on the 31st October last, in company with another gentleman ; in con- sequence of what passed with Mr. Gregson there, I saw Mr. Kermode the next morning ; after I saw Mr. Kermode such a document as this paper was printed and stuck up in the streets, and signed by Mr. Jellicoe ; I remember a placard being published reflect- ing on Mr. Gregson on Tuesday ; and I re- member seeing the defendant on Wednesday morning ; I was in company with Mr. Jelli- coe near the gate of Government house ; I saw Mr. Gregson coming hastily towards me with a whip in his hand ; he came up, and while I leaned on the arm of Mr. Jellicoe, he said, " do you identify yourself, Mr. Arthur, with that placard of Mr. Jellicoe," and before he had completed the sentence, he struck me a blow across the back with a hunting whip, or a bullock whip with a lash ; I had not replied when defendant struck me—I swear it ; this was instantly followed by another blow ; Mr. Jellicoe had dropt a stick, I stooped and picked it up, and struck Mr. Gregson in the face ; while I was stooping he struck me again on the back ; after I had struck him the con- stables came up and separated us ; the con- stables took him away instantly ; on the way Mr. Gregson turned round and said " you are a damned infernal coward, you are one of the family, you are a white feather, and I have now had the satisfaction of thrashing you both." Cross-examined by Mr Gregson—I swear that I did not admit that I was a party to that placard, and I had no bad feel- ing towards you ; we were not on speak- ing terms; you were sitting in the Saloon at the Theatre when we came in ; no notice was taken by either party ; I had dined at the Macquarie Hotel that day ; I was quite sober and did not swagger about at all that evening ; I did not go out of the Saloon and return again almost immediately ; when I first came into the Saloon, I went to the fire-place ; I did not go into the passage and have some con- versation with Mr. Jellicoe ; I spoke to a lady in the Saloon ; I might have then gone into the passage and returned with my friend ; I am not aware of any offensive observation made either to or at you; I recollect asking my friend when he was going to return up the country ; he said, "I have two or three mat- ters to settle with some blackguards before I can go out of town ;" I did not, when I first entered, say, "here are two writers in the Colonist ;'' I did not consider myself a party to what took place at the Theatre ; Mr. Abbott did not say if he was me he would pull you out by the coat tail like a dog. Mr. Gregson here enquired of Mr. Arthur if he had not been several times placed in the Watch-house for drunkenness. The Solicitor General objected to its being answered, or any question that would tend to criminate the witness. Mr. Gregson said the question was asked for the purpose of shewing what sort of a per- son was in the witness-box, and how far his veracity might be depended on. Mr. Solicitor General did not consider that Mr. Arthur was one whose veracity should be called in question. Mr. Gregson doubted it very much, and he would shew he had reason so to do before he had done, if he was permitted. The Solicitor General could not see what his having been put in the Watch- house could have to do with his veracity. His Honor stated he understood the ques- tion was put for the purpose of showing the witness not worthy of being examined on his oath. Mr. Gregson said that it was of the utmost importance to him to show out of this wit- ness's own mouth that he was a drunken, dissipated, and quarrelsome man of a most overbearing and irrasible temper, and one very likely to incite to commit a breach of the peace, and added I wish merely to show the Court and the Jury the description of person who now stands in that box, and tells you he has been horsewhipped. His Honor decided, that after the very great lengths he had permitted the plaintiff to go in opening the case, he did not see that he could shut out the defendant from pursuing the same course, and allowed the defendant to ask how often Mr. Arthur had been in the watchouse, but at the same time he said Mr. Arthur was not bound to answer. Mr. Gregson here referred to some legal authority relative to a witness being com- pelled to answer such questions, for he main- tained, that unless he was permitted to show the character of the witness, he should ulti- mately suffer in the estimation of the respect- able Jury he saw before him, and in the esti- mation of the public also. His Honor requested Mr. Gregson would put his question. Cross-examination resumed.—I have been confined in the watch-house on a charge of drunkenness, but I was innocent of the charge; I do not recollect whether I was convicted ; I was never wheeled about the streets of Laun- ceston in a wheelbarrow in a beastly state of intoxication ; I was quite sober when I came with my friend's message; I had no drink after I left the theatre ; when I came to Mr. Abbott's I swear it was not two o'clock ; I am sure I came within an hour after I left the theatre ; my friend did not say to me, " no, no, Arthur, you are not the proper person to carry the message." I swear he did not to the best of my recollection ; I swear he did not say he would get another person ; I swear you did not say I was acting like a bully when I came to Mr. Abbott's ; you said, you wondered I should come when I had been so lately posted as a coward, and said you had no ill will to me. I swear no hour was mentioned as not being a proper hour to name a friend ; I don't know if it is usual in points of honor to leave all to the friends. This is my hand- writing ; about two hours after seeing Mr. Kermode, I wrote this. Mr. Kermode stated to me that Mr. Gregson would not meet Mr. Jellicoe, because he was a liar and a coward—that is a copy of the original. Mr. Jellicoe wrote the original ; there were five or six copies written ; I did not go into Dr. Boss's inner room ; I walked down to Dr. Boss's when Mr. Jellicoe went to get them printed ; I took no part in the pub- lication whatever ; I walked about the streets with Mr. Jellicoe while the placards were posting up. Mr. Kermode (showing, me this) said, " have you seen this ;" I said " yes ;" he then said, " you have got yourselves into a basket, and you will both be d——d well horsewhipped." I went in company with Mr. Jellicoe to a gun smith, to buy pistols after the placard was published ; I cant tell Mr. Jellicoe's purpose in purchasing the pistols—they were small pistols ; I presume they were bought to protect himself from you ; I was not assured by Mr. Kermode that my friend had nothing to fear from you ; I did not get the parties bound over to keep the peace ; to the best of my recollection, I swear the sentry was not between us, when I was stooping to pick up the stick ; I think he was on one side; you were not in the hands of the constables when I struck you, but they took hold of you immedi- ately after ; I was not aware that Mr. Ker- mode, as your friend, had demanded satisfac- tion from me for that insult ; he did not say he would horsewhip me ; he never demanded, satisfaction from me for that placard ; he said you would not meet Mr. Jellicoe, but, you would meet me ; he wanted me to meet you but I do not know for what; he might have said you would not meet me because I had been posted as a coward ; no I beg pardon he did not say so ; that is only a copy as a clerk would make a copy in an Attorney's office ; you told me I had been posted by Mr. George Stephen ; I did not, in a loud bullying tone, demand satisfaction for my friend; you knocked Mr. Jellicoe against the wall at the theatre ; you did so because you conceived Mr. Jellicoe had called you a liar; Mr. Jellicoe did not call you a liar; you called him one, and knocked him down ; you asked Mr. Jellicoe if he had told Mr. Cheyne, that he (Mr. Jellicoe) had called you out, and you refused to go, or any one else, he said he had not ; you then got up and said you are a liar, and knocked him down. I swear you did not strike Mr. Jel- licoe for calling you a liar ; I was present when the assassin pistols were loaded ; I was not the least alarmed for myself ; I did not, but Mr. Jellicoe did propose to fight on foot or horseback ; my objection to meet you was, because you had not given my friend satisfaction; Mr. Kermode told me, he would not leave me ; I never thought of asking Mr. Kermode, why Mr. Gregson called me out. William White examined.—I am a con- stable ; I recollect the 3rd of November last, on the 2nd I received a warrant about 8 o'clock in the morning ; it was to apprehend Mr. Gregson ; about 11 in the forenoon, I took Mr. Gregson in custody, near the Go- vernment-house gate, Mr. Arthur was there ; I saw Mr. Arthur and Mr. Jellicoe, coming down Macquarie-street ; I saw Mr. Gregson run across the road, seemingly from Mr. Abbott's house; Mr. Gregson had a large hunting whip in his hand ; he got hold of Mr. Arthur with the left hand, and started thrashing him with his right hand. Cross-examined—Mr. Arthur did not strike you while you were in my custody ; I did not see him strike you at all ; you were laying on Mr. Arthur with all your might ; Mr. A. could not have been stooping for his stick, for you had it in your hand, and I have it now; if Mr. Arthur had struck you I must have seen it, he could not have done so without my seeing it. Henry Jellicoe examined—I was in com- pany with plaintiff on the morning of the 3rd of November ; I was walking with plain- tiff down Macquarie-street, near Government House gate ; defendant crossed over, and came up, and said, " Mr. Arthur do you iden- tify yourself with Mr. Jellicoe in that placard," before plaintiff could reply defendant struck him with a whip on the shoulder ; plaintiff then picked up my stick, and returned the blow ; whilst plaintiff was picking it up, de- fendant struck him again ; the constables then came up and took defendant in custody. Cross-examined—I think the constables did not come up until after plaintiff had picked up the stick—I did stop near the little Em- porium, and say, " No Arthur I will not mix you up in this business, my reason was, Mr. Arthur being a Magistrate, I considered it an unpleasant transaction, and might be quietly put an end to. Cross-examined—I afterwards recollected the person I was going to ask was a magistrate ; and I also thought I might as well ask one ma- gistrate as another, I then asked plaintiff to be kind enough to act for me ; we left the Mac- quarie Hotel together for the purpose of going to, Mr. Gregson ; my reason for saying what I did to plaintiff was by no means on account of his being intoxicated, or because he was in any way whatever mixed up with the fracas at the theatre, for he had nothing to do with it. The defendant then rose and addressed the Court and Jury, as nearly as we could take down as follows:—The defendant delivered his address with such rapidity, that, it was extremely difficult—nay, almost impossible for any reporter to follow him. '' Gentlemen of the Jury, I am called upon this day to answer a charge of having wan- tonly, and without any provocation assaulted the prosecutor, Mr. Henry Arthur; and, if it shall appear to you when I have called my witnesses, that I acted in any other way than as a gentleman ought to do, or in any other way than every one of you would have acted under similar circumstances, I say, if you are satis- fied of that, I ask no other than a verdict of guilty at your hands. I am satisfied I cannot justify the assault committed, but I think I shall be enabled to shew you that the assault was at least excusable, if not justifiable. His Honor, I have no doubt, will tell you the assault is proved according to the law of the case, but then I maintain you have a reserva- tion, and a right to act according to your judgement on the nature of the provocation given to incite to the commission of the assault. Look, Gentlemen, at the situation in which I am placed ; I come here to day—I am called upon to answer to a criminal prosecution, in which case I am precluded from justifying my conduct, and here is my very opponent put into the box and made evidence against me, and what has he this day had the audacity to tell you ? why, that he has been horsewhipped —flogged, Gentlemen ; but I will detail to you and to this Court, conduct such as never came before any Court of Justice in any part of the British dominions. What case, I would ask, has Mr. Arthur or his ingenious Counsel, the Solicitor General, made out for him ; he (the plaintiff) tells you that he applied to me as the friend of another party whom I refused to meet, he having been before posted, but I told him (the plaintiff) in the most gen- tlemanly manner, that if I had offended him I was willing to meet him, although his con- duct had been that of a bully and a coward ; but no, the plaintiff would not meet me, and one hour afterwards this paper is penned yes, here it is in the plaintiffs own hand- writing. Which of you, Gentlemen, I ask, could coolly read this paper, and recollect that I saw the plaintiff with his friend parading the streets, aiding and abetting in the posting of this infamous production. But what was my own conduct during the posting of them ? I stood by quietly and patiently waiting the plaintiff's determination, whether he would give me satisfaction or not. What was his reply ?—" No, I'll give Mr. Gregson no satisfaction, he has been posted." Was this, I ask, manly ?—was it gentlemanly ?—was it not enough to excite any man to have chas- tized the dastardly coward who could thus act as he did ?—should I have done my duty as a gentleman had I acted otherwise ? Then, Gentlemen, look at the hour and the manner in which he came to me and demanded satis- faction for his friend :—inebriated, and at two o'clock in the morning. Then, again I ask, was it gentlemanly to bawl out in the public streets, that his friend should fight me at day light on foot or on horseback ?—was not this of itself sufficient provocation ?—and I will prove to you he did so. Gentlemen, I am not ashamed to make the assertion, although perhaps it may be deemed somewhat egotisti- cal in me, that I am not a quarrelsome man, and for the last sixteen years I can bring abundance of proof that I have evinced my- self quite the reverse—one that would rather suppress a quarrel than be the means of rais- ing one. Look at my conduct at the Theatre. Then, Gentlemen, I will prove to you that conduct was evinced by the prosecutor as cal- led for immediate chastisement so much so that Mr. Abbott suggested they ought to be chastized. I said, no, I'll take no notice, they are excited. Gentlemen, Messrs. Jelli- coe and Arthur appeared as if they came to the Theatre that night to play the parts of Tom and Jerry, but they wanted courage to play their parts, and all they could say was, they had matters to settle with some black- guards. All this time, Mr. Abbott and my- self were sitting quietly by, watching the movements of these two bullies, when they again entered the Saloon and the after-piece was completed, and again commenced their bullying conduct ; but, Gentleman, I will, if the Court will permit me, read a statement of the whole affair which has been published. His Honor here remarked that it was im- possible in a case of this kind to allow the de- fendant to lay before the Jury evidence of his own good conduct. The defendant said he intended it as a part of his address to the Jury—part of his speech. His Honor then permitted him to proceed. He then read from a printed paper a state- ment of Mr. Kermode's, relative to the whole transaction, wherein was inserted a copy of the placard he had referred to as being in the hand writing of Mr. Arthur. Gentlemen, (continued Mr. Gregson) when I think that this degrading placard has been put upon record against me by such a scoun- drel,—when I think that such a base, dastardly wretch has dared thus to brand me with characters, neither of which I ever deserved. —I have children, and will it not be an everlasting disgrace to have this paper held up against them long after I shall have ceased to live, and be told, look at your father's character—I contend, had I the moment I saw this paper stabbed the foul slanderer on the spot, and been tried for the offence, your verdict would have been justifiable homicide. Here it is, Gentlemen, in his own hand writing, and yet he tells you he was no party to it whatever, it was only Mr. Jellicoe's act, and under the color of this paper he says to Mr, Kermode " Oh no, no satisfaction for me"—sorry indeed am I that I have been the means of placing such a man, who having been once branded as a coward, in society again by offering to meet him as a gentleman. Good God, is a man to be told he is a liar to his head ?, Mr. Arthur swears Mr. Jellicoe did not call me a liar—I, Gentlemen, swear he did, and I will prove that he did so. I know a report reached the barracks that I had been insulted, and refused to give satisfaction, and we all know society takes its tone from the military officers. I contend in this case there was not the slightest occasion for placing Mr. Jellicoe before you at all. But I ask, Gentlemen, will you permit the ingenuity of any Barrister of this Court to counter-balance your common sense. I know the Solicitor General will presently rise up and tell you I must he found guilty of this offence, and that I had not the slightest provocation. I don't deny that I flogged Mr. Arthur—but, Gentlemen, I did not do it in a hurry—I waited for his decision whether he would meet me or not, and give me satisfaction for the part he had taken in publishing that pla- card—but look at Mr. Arthur's conduct, he goes accompanied by his two friends, Mr. Lamb and Mr. Jellicoe, to Mr. Champ at 3 o'clock in the morning—these three coura- geous and brave men I say post away to Mr. Champ and rouse him out of his bed, and say, oh-pray protect us from Mr. Gregson. Ag- gravation ! Gracious heaven, can any man looking at this paper say any punishment the writer and publisher of it got was too bad for him ; I did not look at him in the character of a gentleman or I should not have chastised him as I did ; had I looked on him as such I should have held my whip over his head and said, consider yourself horsewhipped, Sir— but I looked upon him as altogether sunk be- neath the character, and I therefore treated him as a blackguard, and horsewhipped him as I would one of my hounds—and if his clever and ingenious counsel can show you that Mr. Arthur has the slightest claim to the character of a gentleman, I will at once admit him to be one of the cleverest barristers in the sou- thern hemisphere. Gentlemen, I think Mr. Arthur would have done well to have paused ere he took part in another's quarrels, and have sought to have wiped out the stain that re- mained on his own honor. If I did not consider he was a principle in the affair, why I ask did he not take his friends part when at the thea- tre—oh, no, all he was ready to do was to carry a message, and he has told you this day when he brought that message he was sober. I, on my word of honor, assert he was drunk. Why did he not, when I called, him a bully, say oh no, I must find a friend for myself. I could here re- mind the plaintiff, of what he said of a young gentleman once in this Court, but truth, give it fair play, is sure to triumph over all the sophistry the Solicitor General can invent, who will you find the more he is plunged into a dilemma, the more will he hunt up his in- genuities and sarcasms, and he is bound in his duty to his client so to do—and, I would ask, has the plaintiff or his counsel urged one single observation, to relieve himself from the imputations cast upon him. No, but he comes here and asks a verdict at your hands, with a hope to incarcerate me. He then called E. Abbott, Esq. who deposed—I was present at the theatre on the evening in question, the 31st of October, and saw defendant strike Mr. Jellicoe ; Mr. Jellicoe had just called you a liar ; nothing could be more mild than your manner previous towards Mr. Jellicoe ? both plaintiff and Mr. Jellicoe's conduct were in the highest degree offensive ; defendant and I were sitting by the fireside, smoking cigars when Mr. Jellicoe and plaintiff came in and talked about settling some accounts with some blackguards ; I told defendant I thought they were determined on a row ; they returned two or three times, the last time you closed the doors after all the company had parted ; you said if you could chastise those two gen- tlemen without public outrage you would do so ; I had heard defendant in the course of the evening say something about writers in the Colonist newspaper, which I considered al- luded to defendant and myself ; you struck Mr. Jellicoe twice across his friend Mr. A. ; going along the street plaintiff said they should fight at daylight in the morning very loud ; I remarked the constables would hear them ; they said they did not care if all Ho- bart Town heard them ; I heard Mr. Jellicoe say " No Arthur I'll find somebody else ;" plaintiff afterwards came to my house in a very excited state ; he came in without closing any of the doors ; defendant told Mr. Arthur that his conduct was that of a bully ; plain- tiff insisted on your naming a friend ; you said two o'clock m the morning was not a time to name a friend ; plaintiff named myself ; the placard given to me I gave to Mr. Ker- mode ; defendant said he should wait plain- tiff's answer ; I did witness the flagellation of Mr. Henry Arthur ; I saw Mr. Jellicoe hold out a pistol to defendant. Cross-examined—I saw Mr. Gregson about five minutes before he was taken into custody at my house. Mr. Kermode made a commu- nication to Mr. Gregson, in consequence of which he departed ; defendant when at the theatre asked Mr. Jellicoe if he had said he had refused to go out with him—he said he had—defendant said it was a base untruth ; Mr. Jellicoe then said " You are a liar, Sir." Mr. Solicitor General replied as follows : Gentlemen—I think in the whole annals of jurisprudence, there never was a larger lati- tude given to any defendant, than has this day, been given to the defendant—and I also think, never was such latitude more shamefully and grossly abused. Has he not, I ask, made a point of adding abuse to insult—and really I should think, from the tenor of his address, he had exhausted all the vocabularies of Billingsgate. Did you ever hear such language addressed by any person, to a man, even disguised in the habilements of a gentleman. Here is a specimen of his language, (read). "These two bullys, Tom and Jerry, without courage to play their parts, scoundrel, the infamously, base, dastardly wretch.'' Now, I would ask: you, Gentlemen, to go through the whole of the evidence and say, what provocation the plaintiff gave the defendant. The assault has been admitted, and if in taking this case into your serious consideration, you can even add to your verdict, a recommendation to the favorable consideration of the Court, he never shall be called up for judgement, but, Gentlemen, I call upon you, to give such a verdict as shall restore to the plaintiff, that character, which has only been tarnished by the defendant. '' I ask you, has he called be- fore you one tittle of evidence, to show you any provocation on the part of the plaintiff. Assuming, Gentlemen, for the sake of argu- ment, that the defendant had a right to as- sume the plaintiff was identified with the pla- card—is there any proof that he sought satis- faction for that placard, not one word—is there any proof further than the plaintiff's thus without any explanation, the defendant found it necessary to treat him as a black- guard. I put Mr. Jellicoe in the box, for the purpose of giving the defendant an opportunity of cross-examining him as much as he pleased, and you have heard his testimony. The de- fendant complaining, that it was two o'clock in the morning, when the plaintiff came with his friend's message ; Gentlemen, reparation for insult is generally sought immediately. "Injured honor is ripe, and brooks not delay." I ask you, Gentlemen, can any thing justify the epithets, this day applied to the plaintiff. Suppose the plaintiff had accepted the chal- lenge, where would have been the honor of his friend. But the question is, have you the least evidence to identify the plaintiff with the publication of this paper—I do say it, because think throughout the whole of this affair, the plaintiff had been most harshly used. Even supposing the words "writers in the Colonist" had been used, or the terms black- guard were applied. Why should the de- fendant and Mr. Abbott, have taken them to themselves—I cannot see why such an inference is to follow. I have one more topic to which I would draw your attention :—Had Mr. Gregson been a member of the " New Lights," or a leader amongst our Temperance Societies, or a local preacher, I should not so much have wondered at his new system of morality, viz :—that a man who has been once drunk, or in the watch-house, is for ever to be looked upon as unfit to give evidence in a Court of Justice, and his veracity is to be doubted for ever after. Now, though I believe Mr. Gregson is a tolerably temperate man, yet I should have thought he was one very likely to excuse a person for making rather too free in his liba- tions to Bachus. Gentlemen, I will once more remind you I leave Mr. Arthur's charac- ter in your hands. His Honor directed the Jury that the only question they had to consider was, whether the assault was committed or not ?—the pro- vocation would be taken into consideration when the defendant was called up for judge- ment. They might, if they found the defen- dant guilty, if they thought proper recom- mend him to the favorable consideration of the Court. The Jury found him guilty of the assault, without any recommendation, as suggested to them by the Judge. THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1837. Mr. Hackett appeared this day to receive the judgement of the Court, for assault, where- of he stood convicted. Mr. Hackett addressed a few words to the Court, when His Honor, at considerable length, commented on the whole of the evi- dence adduced on the trial ; which address he closed with the following observation on Mr. Hackett's requesting His Honor in passing sentence to remember he was a parent, His Honor said, '* I have done so, Mr. Hackett in fact there is not one circumstance I believe you can name that I have not given my most serious and deliberate consideration, but the sentence of this Court must be such as will deter from the commission of such outrages such as will cause the sentences of the Court to be dreaded, for if they are not the Court becomes a Theatre for all kinds of slander and abuse, and is worse than mockery. Again, if I only fine you, the fine will not be felt by you, for each gentleman here has his partizans, and the fine is paid perhaps by one shilling sub- scription, and not felt or cared about ; but I will take care while I sit on the Bench, to watch the carrying into effect the sentences of the Court; and that they shall be dreaded ; and I must add, that in this case, the public peace has been most grossly and most unjustifiably violated. The sentence of the Court is, that you be imprisoned in His Majesty's Gaol for four calendar months, and pay a fine to the King of £100, and be further imprisoned, till the fine be paid. [Mr. Gregson appeared on Saturday to re- ceive, the judgement of the Court, when His Honor addressed him in a most eloquent speech, which will be inserted in our next, in connection with the sentence which Mr. Greg- son will appear to receive on Saturday next.] 