History of Swan River continued from Number 16. The Botanical productions of the Colony, shall be noticed under two heads. The Indigenous Plants are very imperfectly known ; a very small portion of the Country having been exam- ined. They shall be grouped in their natural order, stating the number of species hitherto observed of each, and more par- ticularly noticing the Plants used as food, and for other pur- poses by the Natives, and Set- tlers, and such as are consider- ed remarkable for beauty, or otherwise particularly interest- ing. The Exotic plants intro- duced and well established, will be noticed under their respective natural orders; this will enable persons wishing to send, or bring out Plants, (by knowing what we have, to judge of what we want.) Under this head some interesting facts shall be noticed tending to throw light on the Ge- ographical distribution of plants on the surface of the Earth, by the voluntary migrations of the Human race, which the Establishment of this Colony has afforded an opportunity of witnessing. In arranging Plants, in their natural orders, the Acotyledones are usually the first in the list of this extensive division which is supposed to include half the vegetable Kingdom; we shall only notice the Fungi. Sever- al large species of the genus Boletus, are used by the Natives as food ; they consider them far superior to the Aga- ricus of this Country, several of which closely resemble the European Cam- pestris, which is naturalised about Perth ; the spawn having been brought from England. A remarkable species of Agaricus has been discovered near the Jetty at Perth, which was lumi- nous in the dark and retained the pro- perty for several days after it was pulled from the tree, giving out Light suffi- cient to read by. It grew in clusters on the stumps of Banksia trees. MONOCOTYLEDONES.— The Filices, are scarce with us, seven species have been observed,— Of these the Giant Fern of Frazer, is worthy of notice, it is a species of Pteris much resembling the European, P. Aquilina but larger, it has been supposed to be the Esculenta of Browns Pro. but the Natives here do not eat the roots ; we have a beau- tiful species of Adiantum, strongly resembling the Cappillus Veneris, but larger and creeping more at the roots. Gramineæ of this large, and important natural order, which furnishes a large portion of the food of Man, aad most of the Animals, he has brought under subjection ; more than 70 species have been gathered at Swan River, many of them valuable and productive ; we have a very beautiful Grass the Stipa Elegan tissima of Labillardiere, or a nearly allied Sp. the awns are smooth, the foot- stalks elegantly Plumose; it grows on the uplands about Guildford, it is a Sp. of the same genus which is so injurious to Sheep in the York district, the twisting of the awns a provision of nature tor burying the seeds in the earth, forces them through the wool and skin of the Sheep in all directions. All the varieties of cultivated Grain, the Sugar Cane, Reed, (the Bamboo, is still a desideratum) are exotics of this natural order. It is thought by some that the Oat degenerates here, but that opinion arise from a large portion of the Seeds introduced, having been of inferior sorts. The Arena's fatua and Strigosa, the Lolium's temulentum, and Arvense, are sup- posed to be natives of England, be- cause they come up as weeds among the Corn; we know they are not Natives of this Country, but in the few years which have elapsed since the Estab- lishment of this Colony, they have taken almost exclusive possession, of a large portion of the cleared land. They have been introduced into many pans of the earth, in the same way, with other Plants which shall be pointed out under their natural orders. The elegant Briza Minor, the Poa Annua, supposed natives of England, the Phalaris Aquatica, supposed to be a native of Egypt, are already among the most common of our grasses, about the Settlements, The Cyps racea are very abundant at Swan Ri- ver, and we have many fine species, Our Bullrush resembles the European, Scirpus Lacustris, and is used here for the same purposes by the Coopers, and Basket Makers, but it is a dis- tinct Species, and grows only where the water is salt in the summer time, the large hollow Rush, which grows in fresh water Lakes, is a fine Species of Schænus it afforded a principal part of the materials for building many of the first Settlers' houses, and which lately formed the walls of the Church at Perth. A species of Scirpus very like Maritimus of Linneus, has bulbous roots, much sought after by Pigs when allowed to range at large. A Species of Carex allied to Cæspitosa, of Linnæus, grows 9 feet high. The flower stalks resembling rushes without joints, are mnch used by the Natives for sewing their Kangaroo Cloaks, and bags. We have one very troublesome Exotic of this order, a species of Cyperus intro- duced from Java in earth, brought by the PARMELIA, it has spread over great part of the Governor's garden, and it can scarcely be eradicated, the roots form small bulbs,— Junceæ rushes of several sorts are abundant and make excellent thatch.— Of Asphodeleae we have some interesting Genera, viz. Thysanotus, fringe flower, or lace plant, we have seven speeies all beautiful. Xanthorrhæa Gum Bush, or blackboy, we have four Species, the common growing from 12 to 15 feet high,— The Glaucous leaved, or York Blackboy, growing from 20 to 30 feet in height, The common dwarf, and slender Moun- tain Gum Rush. The Xanthoræhæas have soluary flower stalks, much longer than the leaves, which readily distin- guishes them from Kingia, which otherwise resembles them, the leaves are freely eaten by Horses, Cows, and Sheep ; they furnish the Natives with the Gum called Pico, used in making their Spears, and throwing sticks, and with Burra, used for fastening on the heads of their stone hatchets; the Pico, is mixed with an equal portion of Charcoal, the Burra with an equal por- tion of a red earth like brick dust. The decaying stems Xanthorrhœa supply the Nativie with a favourite portion of their food. In the Larvae of a species of Cerambyx called by them Birdas ; if white men could overcome their prejudices, they would find them no bad substitute for Butter and Eggs for breakfast. The Kingia resembles in habit and grows to the same height with the York Blackboys ; the flower stalks vary from 12 to 20 feet with round heads much shorter than the leaves. (To be continued) It has invariably been the practice with the Tory Ministries of England when complaints were made by any of His Majesty's Subjects respecting grievances, to order a Copy of the Memorial or Petition to be sent to the Govern- or, who transmits the same to Downing Street accompanied by his own remark In this Col- ony, a complaint is not attended to at Home unless a duplicate is sent to Governor Stirling, who assisted by his legal Advisers Messrs Mac- kie and Moore, makes such remarks thereon as they think proper, and the Governor deems it advisable to adopt. These statements are not shewn to the party complaining but forwarded along with the duplicate to the Secretary of state, who upon this ex-parte statement decides the question. The Complainant has thus no chance of refuting hole and corner statements which may be suggested by whim, caprice, or implacable enmity. Such a system we denounce as contrary to the principles of British Freedom, because, any one of us, is evidently at the mercy of Men in Office, who fear the exposure of public abuses. That there are many in this Colony, no sophistry can controvert , but the Loyal Subjects of his Majesty have no protection, in this Court of Inquisition prevails, and we fervently hope that the present liberal Ministry in England will abolish the old Tory system, and allow the complainant a right of reply to the Governor's private remarks when the truth will then be fully elicited, and Justice done to all parties. Under the present system com- plaints (to use the words of Lord Glenelg) "can- " not be made the basis of any decision with- "out the almost inevitable danger of proceed- " ing on imperfect and erroneous found- " ation" 