LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT, CRIMINAL SIDE. THURSDAY 2ND. Nov. Before ACTING CHIEF JUSTICE DOWLING, and a Civil Jury. Thomas Hartley was indicted for the wilful murder of John Brennan, at Mr. Manning's sta- tion, near Cunningham's Creek, beyond Yass, on the 23rd day of April, 1836, by beating him over the head. &c.;, with a stick. The case occupied nearly the whole of the day, during which time the Court was thronged on account of the singular incidents in the transaction. Hartley was an as- signed servant of Mr. Manning, and employed as hutkeeper; Brennan the deceased was an aged man and employed as shepherd on the same sta- tion with the prisoner, beyond the prescribed limits of the Colony. The Attorney General conducted the case for the prosecution, and Mr. Raymond tendered his services on the part of Hartley. The Attorney-General in stating the case to the Jury, remarked on the length of time that had elapsed since the perpetration of the crime; the prisoner had been confined in Sydney Gaol awaiting his trial, which was unavoidably postponed on account of the absence of a man named Fox, a material witness, who had been ab- sent, but during the middle of the last Criminal Sessions, he, the Attorney-General received a letter from Fox, who stated that be was ready to attend on the trial, he was then in attendance. He added that the case which was of a nature, strongly affecting the life of the prisoner, rested on the evidence of Fox, coupled with that of a man named Brothwell, who it was observed, had af- firmed that he had witnessed the blow. Thomas Fox stated, that he was a free man, and in April 1836 was employed as overseer by Mr. James Manning at his station at Cunningham's Creek, about fifty miles beyond Yass. Brennan the de- deased who was free received a salary of £20 a-year, he was very frugal and, temperate, and was employed as a shepherd ; he was last seen alive by witness about a week before he was reported ab- sent by the prisoner ; on the 2rd of April witness went to the prisoner's hut with some tea and sugar and was about leaving, when Hartley asked " if he knew what news he had for him," witness asked what it was, when the other replied, " Old Jack is lost," '"how do you know that ?" asked the witness, the prisoner replied, that George Williams had come over and reported to him that old Jack's sheep had come home without him, the previous night. Witness proceeded to the station and saw a flock in the hurdles, he asked Williams what sheep they were, when Williams answered that they were Old Jack's flock which had returned home without him, and he did not know where he was ; witness went with the prisoner two days afterwards with a light cart in search of the deceased ; he, (Fox) remarked they were to keep a sharp lookout for the crows, for if the old man was lost the birds would most probably be led to the spot by the smell ; while they were searching, they discovered a bitch belonging to the deceased, and the prisoner remarked if Fox would loose the mare from the cart, he would follow the dog and would in all likelihood find the body ; he followed the bitch, riding fast, and witness saw him pass within three yards of the spot where the body was found, by a dead tree lying on the ground ; witness followed and came up with Isaac Brothwell near the spot, who pointed out the way Hartley had gone ; when witness came to the fallen tree, he saw the dog sitting down, and discovered the body which was concealed in a great measure with brambles and dead leaves, a flight of eagle hawks and crows as- cended from the head of the tree and witness saw a native dog approaching ; he (Fox) called out to Brothwell and asked if it was the body of old Jack Brothwell replied he thought it was ; they then called out for Hartley who returned when he heard them, but refused to approach near the body. The jacket and shirt of the deceased were found about two rods off, there was scarcely a vestige of flesh remaining on the bones, and the witness said he could see the entrails from the upper portion of the chest ; one of the deceased's arms was turned back by his head, and the skeleton was lying on the back. The body had been so much devoured by native dogs and carrion birds, that witness would not swear whether it was not the body of a black fellow, but would swear to the jacket. He left the prisoner in charge of the body in the King's name, until some arrangement should be made. Hartley left the body the same evening. A few days after- wards, Fox went to Yass, and saw Mr. Henry O'Brien, and informed him that the body of a white man had been found murdered. Mr. O'Brien took his statement, and said a jury should be sent on the following day, to sit on the body, and witness might bury it afterwards, first taking care of the jacket; and he also told him to make particular enquiry into the circumstances of the case. Witness returned, and the next day, in company with the prisoner and two or three other persons, buried the bones of the deceased, for at that time, not a vestige of flesh remained on the bones. A few days afterwards, the prisoner ap- plied to witness for a pass to go to Yass to prefer a charge connected with the death of Brennan; witness told the storekeeper to write out one for the next station, where he could be supplied with another for Yass. A pass was written out, and handed to Hartley, who refused to take it, and in company with a man named Paddy Kavenagh proceeded without it. After Hartley had been gone a day or two, the witness said he was preparing to mount his horse when he saw the chief constable riding up, and fearing that he wished to press his horse, he mounted him as quick as he could and rode off, the constable rode after him, and in an- swer to witness' question, told him he did not want the horse, but himself, for having a stolen gun in his possession; he then was taken into custody, where he remained until from information which witness received from Brothwell, Hartley was apprehended on a charge of murdering John Bren- nan. He added that he (Fox) immediately after- wards left the service of Mr. Manning, and went to Port Phillip, where he remained until he heard that his attendance was necessary for the trial of Hartley ; be waited on the commandant, and asked if he could be furnished with a passage to Sydney, which could not be complied with, and he came overland from Port Phillip for the purpose of tend- ering his evidence. He observed that he had worn a pair of shoes which belonged to the de- ceased. He was cross examined at considerable length by Mr. Raymond; and also by the court and jury. Isaac Brothwell, an assigned servant to Mr. Manning was next examined; his evidence was so extraordinary that it was received with great at- tention. He stated that on Wednesday, 23rd April, while he was with his flock of sheep, adja- cent to that of the deceased, between nine and ten in the morning, he heard the screech of a man in the bush; he went with his flock toward the sound, a distance of about three quarters of a mile; and saw the prisoner with a piece of wood in his hand striking the deceased, who was lying down, over the head; he then saw the prisoner throw away the stick and lift the jacket of the deceased to his shoulder, and then raise the body and walk away with it to a distance of a quarter of a mile ; wit- ness followed him with his sheep alongside the flock of the deceased Brennan, and when Hartley came up to the fallen tree, he threw down the body, and saw the prisoner straighten the body, and lay hold of the ball of one of the hands and try to bring the, same down, but he could not, as the body was then stiff,; he then covered it over with dry leaves, and got a log of wood as thick as a man which he laid across the body witness re- mained about fifty yards distant when he observed this proceeding. After the prisoner covered the body, he looked round and saw the sheep, and witness walked up to him. Hartley said, " I have murdered old Jack," witness replied, " that be hanged ;" the prisoner then told him to say nothing about it, for if he did he would have his life. The next morning, he (Brothwell) saw the overseer, who came to look after the deceased, but witness did not mention to him anything concern- ing the murder, or where the body was concealed. In answer to questions on this point, he was afraid the prisoner would murder him if he made men- tion of it ; when he saw the prisoner striking the deceased, he was determined against interfering, on the same account. Brothwell also remarked in answer to a question by the Attorney-General, that he might have picked up large stones to have thrown it or struck the prisoner, (this witness appeared a taller and more powerful man than the prisoner,) he said the prisoner was a desperate character, and would no more think of murdering a man than of getting his dinner. He described the manner of finding the body to be similar in a great measure to that mentioned by Fox, but con- tradicted him in several important points; he said when Fox saw the body, he asked him if he thought it was the body of old Jack, he (Brothwell) answered he thought it was, but would not approach for fear of being thought to be concerned in the murder. He did not make mention of what he had observed with the prisoner and the deceased until, eleven days after ; he had seen the overseer several times, and had frequent opportunities of going to Yass and acquainting the magistrates, but was prevented doing so by the knowledge that the prisoner was at large, and he was consequently afraid of him. He further stated, that about four or five days after the murder, he found the boots of the deceased near the spot where he was murdered, there were no laces in them, but he said they had dropped off when the body was removed, he afterwards said he did not see them fall off, but he supposed they did; he took the boots away with him, and spoke to two or three persons on the subject of the pro- priety of wearing them, and they told him to wear them, which he did for a few days ; the witness stated that when the body was found by Fox, there was hair on the head, and flesh on the bones, so that he could identify the body to be that of John Brennan, the jacket was found near the body, and the shirt was torn to shreds. In his cross-examina- tion, he contradicted himself several times, he said his flock of sheep amounted to about eight hun- dred, that although close alongside those of the deceased, they did not mix ; again he said the sheep did not go before him, but followed him. A question of a singular nature was put to him by the prisoner's counsel, whether he had ever dropped a pail of water, and exclaimed, " Oh God, there is old Jack's ghost following me," but he denied having used the words. A man named James Cooper was called to prove that a quarrel had occurred between the prisoner Hartley and the deceased Brennan about nine months before the murder, on which occasion, the prisoner remarked that he would have the old man's life if he waited seven years for it. In defence, Hartley entered into a plain statement of the case s he spoke of the conversation with Fox, he acquainted him with the absence of Brennan, of which he had been informed, by George Williams. He accompanied Fox in search of the body, and having seen the bitch of the deceased running about in a wild state, he conceived that Brennan had not gone to Sydney, as was supposed, or he would have taken the dog, which was a valuable one, with him ; he asked Fox to loose the mare from the cart, said he would follow the dog, and see if he could clear up the mystery; he followed the dog for some time, until he lost sight of Ii, and knew not which way to turn back until he heard the witnesses calling to him, when he returned and saw Fox and Brothwell standing over the body. Fox ordered him in the King's name to remain with the body ; he did so till about dusk, when he was obliged to leave ; he added that Fox was about same time at Yass and when he returned, himself, Fox and some other persons proceeded to bury the remains ; one of the party read the prayers, and he (Hartley) picked up the skull and the rest of the body and passed it round, praying " that God would visit with affliction the author of that cruel murder ; " alteparty except Fox repeated the word after him, but Fox refused to touch thee skull, or repeat the words when it came round to him, He added that when he proceeded to Yass to give informa- tion of the murder, and the suspicions he entertain- ed of Fox, Brotthwell and Williams, that the turned round and charged him as the murderer, in order to screen themselves. His Honor summed up at considerable length, going slowly through the evidence of Fox and Brothwell, on which he commented and pointed out the many discrepancies ; he alluded in particular to the minuteness with which Brothwell spoke of the concealment of the body, and of the arm being stiff, only about twenty minutes after death ; he asked the jury how they could reconcile that fact with the statement of the witness of the distance he was standing off at the time, and he put it to the jury whether any one but the actual murderer could have taken notice of so unimportant a cir- cumstance at such a moment ; he also spoke at length on the fact of Brothwell wearing the boots of the deceased man, and said if that man had beta in the prisoner's place in the dock, with the same evidence before the jury, unless he could have more satisfactorily explained, that matter, they must prima facie have found him guilty of mur- der ; he also put it to them whether the statement by Hartley that these men preferred the charge against him only when they heard he was going to prefer one against them, was not, probable and that they would try to shift the odium to him. He also called the attention of the jury particularly to the conduct of Brothwell in witnessing the mur- der, and his silence afterwards ; he concluded by, saying if they believed those men to be the wit- nesses of truth, they must find the prisoner guilty, but if otherwise they must acquit him. The Jury almost immediately returned a verdict of Not Guilty. Harley was returned to Mr. Man- ning's service, and Brothwell sent to the Barracks. 