On Thursday evening was produced, for the second time this season, the ro tuanticdrama entitled Alonzo The brave, and the fair Imogene," founded on the celebrated poem commencing, " A warrior so brave and a lady so bright, Conversed as there was on the section, Alonzo the brave, was the name of the In gilt, The lady's-the fair Imogene. Alonzo, a brave and successful warrior in the service of the King of' Spain, is deeply attached to a Moorish maiden named Imogene, who returns his passion and they vow mutual constancy. On the eve of his departure for the Court, he wishes, if he should prove faithless to the row he had taken, her ghost should appear at his marriage, claim him as her own, and bear him away to the grave. On arriving at the Court, the King for his bravery, offers him the hand of his sister, the fair Ildafonza, the Princess of Spain ; he dare not refuse, and his ambition prompts him to accept. Abdallah, a Moor, who is devotedly attached to Imogene, but who repulses him with scorn, prompts him to receive the band of ildafonza, pointing out to him the dangers he would incur by refusing the Princess, and suggesting that Imogene should be put to death, he offers to become the executioner; after many struggles of conscience he consents: and Abdallah,! fired with revenge for despised love gladly undertakes the office, and proceeding to the boudoir of Imogene, under pretence of drinking success to Alonzo, offers her the poisoned juice ; she drinks, Alonzo rushes in, but finds that he is too late to countermand the murder at which he had connived, and Imogene dies in his arms. The high altar of the proudest cathedral in Spain is decorated for the solemnization of the nuptials of Alonzo und ildafonza ; Phillip, King of of Castillo and Arragon, together with his nobles stand by the betrothed approach, the altar and the ceremony is on the point of proceeding when the ghost of Imogene rises, claims Alonzo, and carries him off. Alonzo, on meeting with the Moors, insists upon being carried to the grave of Imogene; this is complied with, and Alonza sacrifices Abdallah to the mines of the murdered Imogene, and then slabs himself. The ghost of Imogene rises and ought to descend with Alonzo, but owing to some mismanagement of the trap all the stamping which they tried was of no use, and the curtain was obliged to fall; the: effect was consequently lost. In speaking of the performers, we have no censure to pass. Phillip, King of Castillo and Arragon, was played by Mr. Knowles in place of Mr. Lane, who was confined to his bed from severe indisposition; Mr. K. waslucccsjful to the rept*o«en<aüo . Alonzo was ably I sustained by Mr. ¡pcru-or; it is his line I of character. Mr Collins seldom up-J peared to more advantage than in the character of Alula lah the Moor. 'lago, Major Dome of the Royal Palace, was well performed by Mr. Buckingham; he was far more lively than usual. Hypolite was handled in a very able manner by Mrs. Jones. Idalflm by Miss Douglass was very respective. Mrs. Taylor sustained the characters Imogene with her usual ability. M H. Downes was not so sleepy as the -character of Marcella as usual; she, consequently, made a hit. The piece was fa ara h I y received, notwithstanding the dulness. The interlude of a No!" snecetxted, which elicited a full share of applause. The evening's entertainments concluded with the farce of" The Lottery Ticket," than which, no piece of the same' kind has ever been played better upon the boards. The house was well filled, and the audience expressed much satisfaction at the evening's " bill of fare' 