I Original Correspondence, j THE IRISH SYSTEM. To the Editor of the Sydney Herald. Silt, The " Monitor" of the 27th ultimo, pre- sumes that had Lend Stanley been Governor of New South Wales instead of Sir ltirliiiid Bourke, he would have introduced the irish S V seem, because there is caber in third or one-fifth of the population Hollian Catholics, and because Ule populHliini is acHieved. 1 opine cliff-road). Ki can j sung sanguine statesman could not introduce a great an Uonnl measure on grounds so slender. His Lord- ship's avowed motives, be they right or wrong, are of a Hinch more- enlarged nature', when Ireland herself is the theatre on which the scene is to he presented, and these motives cannot be brought into operation here. The intention of Land burnley may be honest and his motive"s as upright as the most zealous Protfjtnnt may (June ; but the lines of the Pope deceived him When our legislators determined on embracing Lord Stanley's Hill, they should have died in his Lordship's preliminary steps, and have instituted inquiries, and as patiently investigated the matter as he did. Even if the system was radically good, the one np-two up-line, and away " son of legislation, is a disgraceful blot upon the measure, and shows a laxity of principle that is particularly disreputable'. But there is neither reasonable nor probable' ground for supposing Lord Stanley would have done any thing in the kind in this Colony. At any rate he did not rest lim popularity or the quality of his measure in the rapidity with which he could " Imp, skip, and jump" over every barrier of protest, argument, petition, and public opinion I find the question been put to Lend S Inn ley, " does your Lordship propose to establish a system of error and fraud ; to introduce Prnlestniil children within the influence, of this system is said to be like a Protestant people pay the cost of the system ? How his Lordship would have shrunk from tell me imputa- tion sound yet this question contains the principle of the whole system, whether applied to Ireland, or Botany Bay! Tolerate the system! eh? aye, tolerate to the end of (the chapter, those may who are so unprincipled, men do not oblige me by law, contrary to my conscientious opinion, to pay for a new repre sentiment of Punch and his Wife. I have no money to spare, after my just debts are paid, to squander upon experimental puppets I Then came an attack on the Bishop. No 4' re- ligions discord" was in the Colony, previous to the Bishop's urinal. To what does this allegation amount, unless it can be shewn that we were a people general!) of piouschurncler, whose lives were regulated by religious principles Í Tile " Monitor'' knows that I speak a fearful and distressing truth, when I say, religion, even at this hour, is little more than an article of trade. Some years ago, this was notoriously the fact. A man raised his credit, and found his way to our " loaves and fishes" by assuming a religious character. Soon as the profession of religion had answered a certain tom, some shew must be kept up, but as little as possible answered the him, and the " loaves and fishes" turned religion out of doors, to be picked up by other speculators in the article as unprincipled as themselves. I speak not to opinions, I speak to facts. I can name hundreds of this character, and the "Morning" can mine' more And when he lays aside the foolish philosophizing spirit in which he too frequently indulges on these matters, and looks at the naked facts of the case, his mind must be as cliMieneil as in) own at the picture. Therefore, before " religious discord" is so loudly spoken of, the existence and extent of religious principles must first be proved. If I recollect aright, (for I have not the races at hand,) the late Archdeacon's argument was mainly this that no Protestant could support error, without surrendering his principles, and en lulling guilt upon his conscience. And will any man have the hardihood to deny these consequences r It avails not to say the Church of Rome is not in error We say she is we prove she is. We prove she is con i up, to the last degree, in religion and dangerous, beyond our ferns, in politics It is, indeed, a thankless, but a necessary duty to reprove men; but find our present Bishop, when Archdeacon, neglected to reprove Sir E. Parry, and through him the whole Protestant community, he would have neglected his duty, and have inclined the guilt from which he wished to save us. If this be to stir up " religious discord" the sooner we have more of it the better. As to the manner of this stirring up, I have often thought the temper effected as much good as the argument. But why should I commend that, upon which the mass of the intelligent Protestant has pronounced a judgment of unqualified praise The paragraph which talks about " Orange has ranges is mere oratorical flourish. The" Monitor" may rest assured that his" brethren of Home would give him Bishop New's " frying pan," for his labour, notwithstanding his claims of relationship. To mile away about " incendiary expressions," and fixing " holy cause," and " Ice. for. ore.," as samples, is talking for mere talk's sake, A man who writes thus puts his reasoning powers, especially his judgment, in his pocket, and leaves men, even of contracted minds, to laugh at him. The real truth is, that no expressions of this tendency are to be found in the speech alluded to, but an honest and frank avowal of what the Bishop would do, and the reasons upon which he could do no more. Now, let the Bishop be only thus an " incendiary," and by the help of God I will endeavour to fan the spark into a blaze, and spread tile conflagration! His Lordship has avowed his iiicHiuies, and his conduct corresponds with his avowal, and the members of the Church of England are supporting him with their approval, advice, and money. Let the Dissenters adopt the general principle of the Bishop, and liberally step forward to support him pushes, as they ought in all their edu curiously measures, and then we shall not only have education, but universal education. Our " ways and means " are all in our on li power, to perform in this business whatever the most enlarged and leading limit can design. But then-oh, limit the little bunting pel must die I To UbC old Fred. Accum's ordinal) expression when his experiments failed to Illustrate his chemical lecturer, " Ladies and Gentlemen, it has might." never mind, we will petition the council for another £'a0uv, which we will send to the College of Cardinals, and they shall ting a re- quiem In the ghost of the Sj stein and after we have personified the thing, we will get it canonised, and decline, us in nulli we call, that it has performed the miracle of arousing a noble and generous spirit of virtuous emulation among the of Protestants of New South Wales, The toleration doctrines of the " Monitor " are so lax that I do not understand them. To my mind, they either mean nothing, or menu vastly too much. For instance, to tolerate popery, and forbid a fractured priest from doing the needful, would ruin the job Too much of the" frying-pan in this doctrines won't do. Once for sale, without troubling either the gilded gentlemen or the " frying-pans," religious ' opinions," if founded upon principle, must in their nature bleak out into action, and produce an Influence on the minds and actions of others that may be good or dangerous ¡ therefore mere " opinions," as they are called, must be carefully guarded. Right opinions" must be imparted by right education. My mind cannot recognise an inoperative opinion." The nature of the human mind seems to forbid the existence of such a thing. If toleration is defined " an allowance of that which we do not approve," every consistent man must add to the definition hut which he, does not approve, and act on the definition. Toleration then becomes little else than a name to those who are tolerated, and may do little harm. But if we commend that which we tolerate, if we do anything beyond that of not prosecuting, we are in great danger, and we met an inconsistent, and an unprincipled part To say the least, we become " men of unstable include." But again, in the sense in which the " Monitor" uses what he calls a simple axiomatic reason," It is not true, that no man is accountable to any but God, for his religious opinions." Opinions of every kind always have a distinct reference to the moral or physical Illness of things, as the nature of the opinions may require. Some standard is acknowledged, in a greater or less degree, by every man. For instance, we say a man's own conscience acquits and approves, or condemns and punishes, not only the actions of the line, but the thoughts of the heart, and the proportions of the mind. The acknowledged laws of society proceed precisely on the same principle, and punish a man by laughing at, or reward him, by adopting his " opinions.'' As Protestant Christians we refer our" opinions to the stand of the Holy Scriptures, and as they approve or disapprove, if we are light minded, we cherish or abandon them, and rest as satisfied in the conclusion, as we do with a mathematical demonstration. The Papists refer us to the decisions of their church, which, because she may be right to some things, she lays it down as a rule that she is infallibly right in all things, which, ruin the consultation of our nairne, we know to be a false " opinion," and being brought into action, in be a dangerous one. Considering that all these circumstances either come directly from God, or are permitted by Him, it is line wv me only accountable to God for our " religious opinions;" but this is that the sense in which He" Mi>iiUoi"uset>thu expression, and in this sense the doctrine is not " axiomatic;" it is false, and therefore dangerous. The lush Syriern advocates have enlarged the " Mohllur's"t>ptuiuu, by acting on the doctrine of the Papists. They forgot or it was not convenient for Britain to remember, that limit which is morally wrong can never be politically right and they wilfully abandoned the only standard of right opinions the Holy Scriptures, thereby leaving the whole Protestant community to the mercy of men, whose standard of right opinions, no matter whether religious, moral, or political, is graduated by convenience alone. Win of this reasoning, year just reasoning, is applied to the conduct of the distinguished individual to which li rulers, of proves that he had a proper regard to the dictates of Ills conscience , the laws of society ; the moral Illness of things; and (specially, than The Unwed his own opinions to the ituthunlHlive commands of his God ; it moreover proves that he had correct notions of the civil government of a people and on these grounds he merits the respect even of the Papists, and the unlimited confidence of every Protestant, of every sect, in the Colony. On the other hand, our Protestant legislators uhoitdvociKcd the Bill, must be received with suspicion by the Papists, and forfeit the confidence of a Protestant people. Even Sir, your own " payment" argument, is founded on the principle I have laid down. Our legislators committed a moral robbery of 3000, and conclude they were politically right, because they had the power to plunder. When the" Munlioi"avovv» himself a Church of Eng- him! I'lulcstunl, he does not act a consistent part, if we are to credit the rest of the article from which this avowal is taken. The fact appears to be this; he sometimes allows his prejudices to write, and sometimes his convictions, and then throws a cover- ing at this worse than useless philosophising over his subject, which may show him to be a writer of a warm and generous nature, to whom understanding and light judgment use but talents of secondary value. I say not this to taunt the "Monitor," but speak in sincerity, and I believe he will receive it in the same span in which it is written. When the " iMonltni" speaks of toleration, Popery and the Irish System, he measures the generosity of others by him. self, which is not a just view of the case, either as regards fuels or theory. And if he will only take the scuffle To divest burnell or undue prejudice, and the case of extraneous circumstances, he, with me, will applaud the conduct of the bishop, and so ounce the lush System, a scheme of the most damn able fraud, the object of which is, not to increase knowledge, but to spread and establish the abominable and dangerous actions of I'npeiy, at the expense of H Protestant people. The Monitor, and others, may object, that my prejudices are not less than those I reprobate, and instance my intemperate language. In reply, I observe; I have carefully, and in all sincerity, sought after truth; and believing I have found it, and presenting the proofs thereof in the world, I contend there is no intemperance in calling things by their proper names. The fault, if any, is not mine, but belongs to the gang of cheers that have imposed on the minds of the people, and in the Irish System scheme have even deceived the" Monitor," and led him to mistake wrong Join right. In all good will I commend these thoughts to the consideration of the" Monitor," not to provoke a newspaper discussion, (Inr I have neither time nor inclination for such work, but as affording ment means of directing the mind night, and sanctifying the public press to the public good. Yours, obediently, AMICUS NEMINIS. 