DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY DISPENSARY. A General Meeting of the Sydney Dispensary was held on Tuesday evening 16th May - A. McLeay, Esq., in the Chair. A very gratifying Report of the progress and present state of the Institution having been read, it was moved by Stewart Ryrie, Esq., and seconded by Mr. Hindmarsh-"That the Report be printed along with the Treasurer's accounts, and an abstract of the diseases treated in the Dispensary during the past year." The Rev. Mr. McEncroe proposed-"That the thanks of the Meeting be given to F. L. Wallace, Esq.,, M.D., and Charles Nicholson, Esq., M.D., or their attention to the interests of the Institution"; which was seconded by Mr. Woolley, and the same gentlemen were so- licited to undertake the ¡medical duties during the ensuing year. Thanks having been voted to the Secretary, and to the Treasurer, Mr. Iredale—the Rev. John Sanders, in a neat and energetic speech, proposed the names of the Committee for 1837. The Institution having been much indebted to His Excellency the Governor for the aid opportunely furnished in 1836, it was proposed by Mr. W. T. Cape, in a most appropriate speech, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Draper— "That the thanks of the Meeting be conveyed to His Excellency, for the aid afforded from the Colonial Revenue, in 1836, and that appli- cation be made for a sum equal to that sub- scribed by the Public, in accordance with a Government Notice, headed 'Charitable Insti- tutions'. dated 25th April, 1837." Mr. W. Hutchinson, seconded by Mr. Ire- dale, proposed—"That the Clergymen of Sydney be solicited to make collections for the Dispensary in their Churches": and at the suggestion of the Rev. Mr. McGarvie, seconded by james Barker, Esq., instructions were given to the Committee to apply to Government for an eligible site in Sydney for the erection of buildings for the Dispensary. The Rev. Mr. McGarvie having taken the Chair, it was proposed by the Rev. Mr. J. McKenny, in a neat and forcible speech, com- alimentary of the zealous exertions of Mr. McLeay in behalf of the Institution since its commencement in 1826, from which time he has acted as President-"That the cordial thanks of the Meeting be given to Alexander McLeay, Esq., for hir unwearied attention to the affairs of the Dispensary, and that he be requested to continue to act as resident during the ensuing year." From the Report it appeared that the sum expended during the past year was £390 5s. 8d. The sum received was £461 0s. 10d., including £155 10s. 10d. from Government, and £100 by bequest from Mr. Doyle, of Windsor. The sum procured by private subscription was £203. It is pleasing to witness the interest taken by persons of all persuasions in this Institution, which is open to all classes, and so productive of get benefit to the afflicted. «"I Í ONTuBMuitlGTH MAY, 1817, WAS IAH» HIL l'OUN DATION b10 Ni. Oh !n . AVDIUWi Cnuncii.- At eleven in tim foti noon the Lui ii liiMiup ul Aiihtinlnt, attended by sevi I.il o! h s ( Iel j.y .nul fomc of ihe iminbeu of the Dioce-,111 C ommittn nut his rvtlhniN the Guiernui, at ihe um (h c ist minime oí ht. Jiinii s'i firtnch. 'lite Govi moi muí Hu Itikhnp llu ii rotin d lo llicii npiti in tin ( Ininti, mid Dmiic Semi t coimneiicpt) The lèiv. ¡t C ai twight Ihen rend the Moi mug fiuvciH. His Loidsliip linn u.ul the ( om iniiiiion Si nue ;U tho Alt.il, .mil smellier, of a Psalm, he lint ami dpiiropiiiU' st'imon dom l'silm S7, veises I 'J, 3 His H\rellency the' don i nor the I ord Insliop, then bioi.'u« the JIIIIL" S, the SlieiitFs. and sut ci alo tim ollie IM, ol di»Inn lion .nid i ink, m thru i aiiH»i s, lin.n i lorcided to the nie of St. Aiidiew'b ( lum h '¡he i Inbiri n Irom the l'ioteslaiit Kpisiopal School*, lu un n bei h.c luiiiiiiod mid »twenty-mo, with then iVdrluii, mid the Clfit!»,, weio likiwisnni iitteoilniK c 'Jin» l.oid Kf-lmp nu tin» ¡"lound staled to His I.M elie nc\ the Govunoi that the t iluhilants n siding til that part of the town, piotr-hMug Hie faith ni Ilia Chinch ot I^tigl uni, weie mm h ni II«-« ti of a ( Inn eli in wini li Ihr-) mulit woi-dnp Alnuglitx God ae i oidine: lu the niaunci . nd poisuasior in which thoy li id been educated und itistim teil, and then ixpiesseil a lioj o that His L\i e lient y would li ive the kindners to hi} the Inundation H tone oi ihe ediliee. now pioposedto he ejected lor Divino Woish.p. hcvtral thousands ot ihe people of till classe« anil ages WUP assembled to witmsi the inteitkti.il! roiuiiuny. 'i'ho Goicrnoi then eniiKiitil ot the paiishionors win Ihoi it was their dit>ni> that he should lay lha foundation »tone ol this Chniih foi then use and lit ut hi; To which enipurv they re- plied nloud -JIM, j es, j i"-! The Governor tin n midiem ed them to the follow IHR eflut. - "1 have meat pleasure ni mioding to your wylies on llusoci iMoii.mid "apeciall) in luvui¿ the honor ot ie l<*)iiif{ the foimdation ot a Church wtmli one ot my predeirssoir. so bc nevoliinlv loinincnii d, but w is nut peinutted loioniplite I ihtt'l rot lioio uxtinii ile III on Ins vntuotia auil pious düKign-., as tim liai, ali cady hi cn so well expiessed in anotliei place I sincfiely hope this biuldin;; will in due lune be finiähcil mulei the kind aiispnes of joui eiitdlint Inshop, who has mandi sled Milli a lively inteiest in \oui spiuttt.il welf.tto, und has ohtuliit'd from rharilahla and religious in »litulioiiB ni EUÍ;I uni considerable sums low mils lha "\p»nie, and youiselven are will ab'e lo contiibnlu birany to ihe iindeitaking I be^ to assura you that Ironi the publie louds Go- vernment will !u happy U lonliibiile a turn fipial Io all your othei collection«'" the Governor having deposited in ihe undci alone tile inscription, Litin and English, and several coins, uutl InvuiK |)IHI ed the uppei stone, hu pioiioiincrd the luiuidilion ol the Clmrcli tinder l!ie name of ist Amliuw tim Apot,Ue, to hu sruni'ly laid, in ihe *i inn» of lite 1'alhi r, the bon, ami the Holy Ghost. The Hi-hop then lead A pia)er nullullie for the occisión , mill the ptople (niall) gaie iheir acclamations and be;:an io lelire. Tlio childi cn and then teachi ra relumed to the Inge School Room neal tit. Jumes'« Chuidi, and wen theio entei tainui with roast bei f mil pliim-puddnij; His Exi ellincy and the Bishop, with a mimi ti of ladies and gentlemen, visited ihe room to see the children m then dimiei, and all present IT IT« delighted to behold IIIMI hlx hundred (¡lils mid boy« diunig togeilier ni one loom m hariiioiiy ami happinga. lim LoTXKitr-All the endeavours of the pre p.ctors of that splendid schemi, ths Glindivir Lomrj, appear lo bato bein useless uotwith standing ths spicious baila ol " the committee ot twahc guntlinun " - ' the two orph m seliLol clnldnn neatlv dressed,' and iho "donitioiis lo chai liable institutions,' lill public were not to bl hid, in this instance liuy wire as un'c anske os tin pujectors tluinsiliLs When tin. da) ar rivtd ami the list ot liku» sti 1 rimamtd ter) sin ill, it \\.as advirnsrd that in lonstqucnie of the burvijors pinn not ht>ing limshtd ti u draw ing lids pualpi ned, and aftir a I ipsa if u month or two, nu 11 d the estit« advertised under an- other name, so thut the idea ot u lotliry appears to he quitu abiini oned Mr öydniy Stephen has icsigned his situation ns President of th Beard ol ( om n «sionurs for investiiriting and reporting on Cluinis to Grants of land , and Mr Carlet the Uarristei has been appointed to su eeid him It is sud that Mr. Roger Iheny tmderid his resignation as Com mi'sioiur and tint the Governor ufiuid to aecipt it, HU only give the latter as runuur, nut hav'ng u posititu knowlid¿,e of its tiutli (J,ninnis ol one hundiid cells are to bo erected nt tht. Factor\, in oidir timL tilt efleclB of solitary conlinim"nt on tin. f>mak Convide mi) he tr ed It is tuna that son ethiug were dot i, for it is quite etident that, by nun y of them, the third c ass is not considered much of a piinisln lint. A eonvirsition tool place on Monda) between the Attorney Gun ral and Mi Ju tnu liuiton, on the sid jtet of ih« luuiuftumt ol a m III named ¿»milli «ho was ilur^ed «ah breal nig and mur. UTI a lim I ing hiusi, when it uppcured m evi- dence that ibu placu broken into uai a dft.ieln.il 1 an lo or «ki lu ¿ Ilia Attorint Gcniral saul ih.it he lind hi) doubts ou t'ie subject as Ins Honor u uld puente by referíui,r to the depo sinon» where hu had maae a memorandum, and hu hsd there'OIL introduced a count charging toe prronir wuh hresnj Mr Bui ton saul that he LOlild not suu why the countr) vas put to the expense of trying the priionir in tint Court, at an capens« of n n less thai» £30, when hu could i' well liavo bien ti ted at Ne«castle, by two Magistr.tes Iho Attorney-Geniral stud thct Captain Crummer lud s«oin he considered the store to be i portion of thu dwelling house, and is ho hal nil the adtantdg" ot exiimii ni{' bun vtva o ce ha considered that it noud be betier to indict lum for the cipital oflence, in case it should tuiii out that the store «as j n t ol tho dwelling houji Mr Justice Button said that tho committing magistrate, and Captain Crtim mer, who «as himself a Magistrate, should hate knott II th ii the Act of Parliament expressly stated lint unless there was a door or i covered wiv Itading Iroiti a dnillmghouse, v i out build- ing did not form pin of the dwelling house the matter dropped here. ARSON. - Until lately this crime has been very seldiin huudof in thih Colon), bul during the present Sessi ins ihrm cairns li ive been tried, in the whole ( f which the juries baie f It li einseht» constrained to ruiurn a verdict ot not guilty \s u mad» allusion to one of the cuses m i late lumber, aid lie re could nut be ti u shahlest doubt on the mind of inv re i"Jii ihle ma , lint Ihe prmei| ii «anns for the crown actuated b> the h >pc i f ceiling n tewird of £o0 I aJ eom mitted mon gios« perjury , bal from the circum stancts th it hu swore lo liming 1..1 en platt «hen onlj himsilr i d the pnsoiicr were j resent, it is of course, impossible to convict him of the crime. On Thursday last, a case of arson was tried before the Acting Chief Justice. One of Mr. Henry O'Briens servants, named Bagnell, was indicted for setting fire to a wheat stack. Another servant named Finn, swore that the day before the wheat was burned, the prisoner told him he would be revenged of Mr. O'Brien, for having him flogged unjustly, and that when the fire was dis- covered he saw the prisoner near the wheat. Finn also swore positively that when he first went out he was undrtssed,. while t io « messes swore positively tint winn 1 inn first carne out he wis diessed and hld his shoes mil cap on , the other cudenie for the pruoicution nuil miller to acquit the pus ner and convict 1 mu ti au othcr « isc, and the jury i nhuut any hesitation re- lumed a verdict of Not Guilt), ind his Honor directed the Attorney-General to frame an indict- ment for perjury against Finn. As there was no reward offered in this case, Finn must have been actuated either by a desire to save himself, for prob d liny is that it «as he «ho set tim staik on lie, or ihe liknii adnntagc of the stiel being on fin, lie pieferred the charge sgamst Liapncll, thinking he M utile] suce ed to Bagnell's situation as hut kcepei it he could iimove In ra from the stilton Let it UP cither way, tin crime is of the tn st awful dcKeri) lion and, on the lonviiliou of 1 inn, the Court no doubt will make the mott serious example of lum thal tilt law will allow Ibu Attorney General complained j cítenlo) that the clerks in the. Sydney 1'oliie OUicc wrote lllv. dépouillons in such n boil hand, that he could not read thei i 1 he Acting Chief Justice said lie hud benn u runo the Chief l'olieu Mae,istratt on ihe ubj u. We are infoimcd, uni bv good niilhoi ity, that | a Bo ird to leetive applications for sicciiidaiy grims, will he iippnutid terv shoilly, the Governor having iteute I instruct! ins trmn tin. b eut u \ ot Si tie on the sol jin in I mt case I we mullel a Ivis mr le niels to Mini in then ap- pin itniis i eui) is possible, ij the orr us to select will be given according to the priority of the applications. An Act of Council to regulate the quantity of freight and of passengers that coasting craft are to carry is much required, especially now that steam boats are increasing and likely to increase in number. It can hardly be expected that owners of vessels will refuse to convey either freight or passengers while they can in any way stow the luggage or pack the passengers in the cabin, especially when persons are entreating to be allowed to go on board; but at the same time some plan should be adopted to prevent ves- sels leaving the harbour in the dangerous state they sometimes do. The three men, Wicks, Bennett, and Smith alias Nobletts, who absconded from Goat Island and committed a number of depredations in the neighbourhood of Brisbane Water, pleaded guilty to the various informations that were exhibited against them by the Attorney-General. They were remanded for sentence. A woman named Susan Murphy, who ab- sconded from the Factory several months since, was lately apprehended, dressed in men's clothes. She was sent down to Sydney and was placed at the bar of the Police Office, very neatly dressed. She had on a shooting coat, dark trousers, light waistcoat, white shirt, and straw hat; she had been employed in the country as a shepherd, and had been once or twice apprehended on suspicion of being a runaway, but was discharged, no de- scription of a man answering her appearance being in the runaway list. She was sent to Parra- matta to be dealt with. The woman Maloney, who was convicted of the murder of Captain Waldron, is in Newcastle gaol, not having yet served the commuted sentence which was passed on her by the Secretary of State. The trial of Onions and Stannard for perjury has been traversed to the next Criminal Sessions. We pciceivo hy an ndtertiscmeut, ti at Mr Pol icL will hold his dirt tale, at Mr Da Mostré s house, 011 the .iiit mst mt Wa -tre hippy to infi-m our Agricultural friends that 1111 iibundiinec ot 1 1111 lins fulluu 11) the lnteiior Argyle Murray and King, hate par- taken ol Its böiielicml ni litinoe Iho plough is budy at ttnrk, and n fan harvest may be ex- pected -( 1 ram a Carrey tiu'cnt J 