T h e P r o m p t e r , AND D R A M A T I C CENSOR. Coo pftutr to flatter —too sincere to lie; OTe'II bicto tbm actors toit?j acanlli&cge; jfluftging of tfjcir bariottB merits still— fit, iDtiafs not, tojattmcellcnt, beat's ill ffiSai Int tonfitmn to cure, airtr not to Sill. HobartTown, tho Metropolis of an infant Colony of only thirty-four years' growth, now boasts, in addition to its numerous public and private buildings, a THEATRE, highly creditable to those Gentlemen who, in defiance of many obstacles, hare persevered until the whole has been completed. The interior of the bouse has been fitted up in a manner that would not disgrace any establishment in Europe. Toafl'ord support to the Dramatic Performances of this town, is not only a duty, but an inclination on our paTt. We have always held, that a wellregulated, and soberly-conducted Theatre must bo conducive to moral improvement. We lake it for granted that it is the intention of the Managers to promote so desirable an end. It has not unfrequently happened, that persons otherwise incorrigible, have been converted by some nice raillery from the Stage, or by the deep impression made on (he mind when witnessing the tragic effects generally attending crime and vicc—we instance " High Life below Stairs,'' and the Gamester." Although illusive, the incidents developed in the plot Imve commonly reference to some historical or real occurrences. The miud of man wanders; —we all complain of the short duration of human life, and yet time seems to hang heavy on our hands. Various devices have been resorted to in order to fill up the vacancy; and wo ccrtainly give the preference to theatrical entertainments. Card playing to excess, beguiling the mind by inebriation in its different degrees add. stages, and indulging in other loose pleasures, incur for us the odium and penalties of guilt. Our chief motive for dedicating a portion of our columns and labour to the Stage, is, that experience has sufficiently shewn, that when radical errors are not guarded against at the commencement of any establishment, they in course of time almost become incurable. Whoever is in any way acquainted with Theatres in Great Britain and other parts of Europe, must allow that those more immediately engaged in the service of the Drama, are prone to intrigue, ridicule, and not very nice in exposing tho foibles of each other. This ought carefully to be avoided ; for the house which is divided against itself, cannot well stand. Self-conceit often swells the heart, and we are too apt to indulge in a high opinion of ourselves. This has been an endless source of disquietude in tho theatrical world—few will conoede that they are not qualified to perform every part. The Stage should be like the world—it is of little matter how wo are placed in it by Providence; but let every one act that part welt, and with perfect Binglenessofhcartwhich is allo'tted tohim. We are fully aware that the Managers of English Theatres labor under difficulties not known in other parts of Europe. We shall not now allude to the vast Amplii-theatres of ancient Greece and Home. They were the property of the State, and open to all the citizens free of expinrice. In France, Germany., Spain, and other modern countries, the Stage is under the immediate control of the Government.— If there should be a deficiency of funds, the actors still rceeive the usual salaries; and all other expenses are defrayed from the public purse. Hence, Actors on the Continent are styled the King's Servants, and are in reality so. The English have seized the same expression ; but it is illapplied. . Any actor or actress in Germany, France, Denmark, &c.; «frc. refusing to perform the part assigned to him or her, incurs the risk of imprisonment. In Great Britain, the Stage is a mere matter of speculation. In some few instances this bas been attended with the most happy results; for no pain nor expense bave been spared ; actors of the first eminence have been engaged at great salaries, whilst the splendour of the interior Departmnnt bas kept Drres&ondt;&t; • -J&SSIZ;"-""? pace with the rest of the ^^p^p^lW '' In general, however, th^^^ntj^ejbpl Theatres are better sup^^.wSPj^iM^ actors than the British S^iii^'TOilfci^ ter 'may be compared .lo^eteprjB 4~iyhicb^ •ai'e oiily occasipjliliy^i^ieFj'e'd^^inlxig 1 brightly. Everyage.wi^ a Garrick, a Kemble, or a Kcaff. ' We leave entirely out of the question the French Stage; for nothing can be'inojre insipid ; an inveterate adherenceJtb-umt^ of time and place, bas.cranippd the highest efforts of genius,but,lheone .who should dare to take a different flight, would soon discover thatthe French Public would treat him with derision. Hbw- - ever, when we say tbat the Continental Theatres are better supplied with able actors than the English Stage, we merely speak of lhj& entire dramatic corps." The world has been frequently astonished with the amazing powers of English, Scotch, and Irish actors, and ten years since we only knew of Talma, the tragedian, Devrien of Berlin, Unzelman of Berlin, and Knutzen of Copenhagen, who could be allowed the merit of first-rate actors. But if the Continent has not produced many actors of exhalted genius, tliey are generally all above mediocrity. In a country like Great Britain, the fame and fortune of dramatic performers often depend upon adventitious circumstances, and other occurrences. Kean might for over have remained in obscurity, had not Dr. Brown accidently seen him on some minor Stage. Neither can we recollect an instance that even the greatest actor known was equal to every part. Dr. Johnson informs us that Garrick cut but a poor figure in Othello. Mr. Kemble was great in Corialanus and Cato, where sternness composed a chief ingredient of character, but where sensibility ought to be displayed, he was greatly deficient; he was inferior to Young in the Stranger, but Young was through jealousy, kept in the background. Tho all-accomplished and All-amiable Mrs. Siddons alone stood aloof—she avoided all the errors of contemporaries, and seemed fit for every part she engaged in. Mr, EllUton again, in the character of a perfect English gentleman had no equal—this was particularly exemplified when Cumberland's " World" first made its appearance. It does not read) our present intentions to offer a criticism on dramatic writings generally. In this Colony, it would be altogether superfluous; for it is not to.be expected that the Tasmanian Stage can be for many years yet to come supplied with native productions. We would rar ther endeavour to direct attention to that species of dramatic composition which might here be received with success. Far the greater proportion of the Colonists are little acquainted with matter relative to the drama ; and it is therefore of essential importance that the mind should in the outset be directed to a right purpose. Error once introduced and established, often becomes a standard, and a vitiated taste follows. Shakespeare has justly been designated the " Poet of Nature;" and in like manner the actor who could wish to arrive at the highest degree of eminence in his professional career, ought to be a " man of nature." But here again it must be admitted, that it is only reserved for powers and talents of no ordinary stamp to venture upon an exactdelineationof nature. By a strange perverseness most .persons visit the. Stage with a v i e w of aeei n g some th i ngwh ich they are notin the habitof witnessing in common life. Partridge, in accompanying.Mrs. Milled and'Tom Jones to .the TJieatrp, when the tragedy of Hamlet was performed, ribscrved that he thoughtjittje of Garrick; for was he as close to the Ghost, he felt convinced he would exactly comport himself as, did the great actor. The King was the man for-Partridge. Hence it is that something, has been introduced, called Stage Effect?' • and with most is considered, of the jvpry first importance. When a young Athenian Actor of great merit asked for fh$ advice of an experienced friend, as to the manner he should perform his part on the S tage, the reply was.,.. "if the bouse . be crowded, act as ill as yon can ; forit will surely happen that the majority are incompetent of forming a sound judgment; but if the Theatre is thinly attended, act as well as you can; for the audience is likely to be more select, and some men of taste and judgment among them." Indeed, it is extremely difficult to form any correct notions of the merits of a Drama from Public applause or censure. Voltaire once brought a comedy on the Stage, which was hissed and withdrawn. He laid it by for about twenty years ; then, simply changing the name of it, be jt to the i^ublic, when it , itucsthe most rapturous apipWjlp^ tiffconflSn, it frequently occur^j "'tet^i^/riends ofrA dramatic BUtbofjarei his pcr/ormiaJiee, tend tbWalc£i>ur Taiib^b^^iblic-tlisbrimination, and for this reason it was that some critic termed the Public a " many-headed nipns,ter." tVollaire; aftejr, ha^ng*written a- comedy of 1 tragedy, and b'&for;'e veil luring to give it io the Public,-«sed«to-oaH his fat-cooktygflcb; reading: it before her; If she shoo^c her. sides withJfiughter.' or sobbed plentifully, he made sure of success, and was*gfeldom "mistaken,' In..compliance with " Sttfge ^ transgress, and''nature'is in a manner burlesqued. , ... • For instance', it is generally the case, that when an actor is to die on-the Stage, he finally gives a powerful leap, requiring the full exercise of the vital powers ; nothing can be more unlike nature. Moliere, the greatest actor France ever produced, one evening performed the " Imaginary Sick" The audience bebeld his acting.-with admiration ;, but at length, when the last hour was come, he died so quietly; not after the common manner, that the House felt muclr disappointed J l>ut what was really the fact? He was so identified with the part lie acted, be felt so strongly, that he. had actually expired on the Stage. When this 'was made known, the greater portion t>f the audience melted into tears, and they recanted their judgment. As• for our own part, we could not offer-any fixed and determi nod rules of criticisgi. Dr. Johnson, in his elaborate preface to an edition of Shakespeare, blinks the whole question; he bandies the subject with extreme caution; and Professor Schlegel, of Vienna, who has published one of the best works on dramatic writings is guilty in some instances, of the grossest partiality i From motives of petty jealousy, be studiously avoided making mention of Kotzebue, an author who lias contributed more to the German Stage than any other. Schiegel, however, does perfect justice to oiir immortal Shakespeare, and several other English authors. He analyzes the productions of Schiller, the great German dramatist, and here again we have reason to admire Schlegel's critical skill. We should iriiagiiie, ihfrt there is only one efficient mode of deciding on the.true merit of an actor, and that is by comparing his performance on the Stage with what we daily see in common life, but we have already stated that " Stage Effect" must be necessarily attended to, so as to gratify the taste of the majority of an audience. We shall however do our best to assist rising merit, and 'if possible, by an impartial, criticism, to lead the mind of the Public to stamp their approbation only on .legitimate productions, free of every thing not directly tending to moral improvement or innocent amusement. The climate, tbe temper, and the habits of a people, may probably in some mea sure regulate the public taste ; it will re main a question whether those pieces generally performed on the British Stage, may here excite the same interest as at home. We shall now introduce to the notice of our readers one of the greatest dramatic writers who flourished in Europe about sixty years since: We allude to Baron Holberg; and it is not generally lenown that the " Recruiting Serjeant" and other popular comedies which have been acted in England, are merely trans- lations from Holberg. We feel convinced that could his dramatic works be procured, they would be found agreeable to the genius and lasto of the people of this Colony. Baron Ludevic Holberg,of Denmark, was one of those great men which the world only produces at certain intervals, and seein to exalt the human species above the common standard of nature. Oaf jioet was highly honored in his days, .arid his feme spread far and wide. His name is nVetitioried jri all the Encjx|ope- 'dites of Europe; be corresponded^ wjth [the mbst^minent for learning; and Vol- ,taire yielded'liomage to his superior genius, Before the age of Holberg, Denmark produced few dramatic pieces deserving attention ; he may be considered as the founder of a new «ra, and was justly styled the Danish Aristophanes. He supplied upwards of ninety comedies, all displaying incomparable wit and humour, and they remain to this day in as much credit with his countrymen, os do the plays of Shakespeare with the English. When Holberg first set out in life, commencing his literary career under almost every disadvantage, and struggling against insufferable poverty, his genii* perseverance, and prudence, sparejiaiiovtf cfepr obstacle. He finaj|i^>|#|m6re fame* riches; }tgd Hce give-the ungenerous t'reatment-he~had< experienced in the early pai£ of his career, from those who ha^' arrived at academic -bonojirs without any corrcspondingjrnn, their part. When yet a student, he offered marriage to a female servant, neither possessed of beauty nbr youth; but site rejected his overture wjlh: Germany, France, Spain, Engliind ; ,"aiid OlhercountriesqfEyropeonJbdt. Ha was a proficiejU.'in nearly, all,the modern languages; completely masler. of 1 the ancient, and. familiar with the. Oriental tongues. Hence his materials wer,e .ajmtost inexhaustible, and his genius and talents directed him'how to make the best use of them. On the return to his nati ve land, he produce/d a .coinedy-, which, after much hesitation on the part of the managers, was received. So replete was this with sterling «H and humour, tbat the house was in an 'uproar almost the whole of the ttmeV and tti^pllfiatts Vera unbounded. He now found no further obstacles to hisliterary exertions. Howeverhe never "attempted tf coalition wilK the tragic muse;.either that he thought his genius notequal tp :tbe task, or that he considered^ more difficult to write a a comedy than a tragedy. The only things .that,.ever '^appeared- from his pen under the latter , name, was a direct bpr^sque on that species; of dramatic composition. It was not only in writings connected with the Drama, that Holberg excelled ; but in poetry, history, and philosophical^ investigation, he almost stands unrivalled. After the manner of Plutarch, he published the " Lives" of a number of great and illustrious men, and such as from their vices had incurred the detestation of mankind. With peculiar felicity, he formed the justest comparisons and contrasts. ThiB work stamped his character, not only as an Historian, but a Philosopher. Scarcely a Prince in Europe who did not bestow somfe mark of favor upon him ; and he was courted by all who had any pretentions to wit and,learning. When his fame was fully established, he produced his celebrated Poems of "Niels Kltm's Voyage in the Interior of the Earth," and " Peter Paats. In the former, Holberg exerted alibis powers ofsevere and sarcastic casligation, exposing the pedantry of the Danish Universities, and in a more pointed manner, a certain Professor, who had on all occasions endeavored to smother'his rising genius. Not content with the chastisement so inflicted, he accompanied his Poems with rich copper-plattes; in one of which he exhibited the Professor attired in his splendid robes and wig, with the feet and tail of a sheep peeping under the robe.- This pedant now became the laughingstock of all the students, and thus daily held out to ridicule, lie spedily died of vexation. In the poem of " Peter Paais," Holberg displayed a wonderful versality of genius. Peter was a rough-spun sailor, mate of a small vessel plying between Kallunburg and Aars; his jacket was impregnated with tar,'and a smell highly offensive. In a large quarto volume, our bard contrived to introduce a vast variety of incidents and other matters of interest, during a passage of only 24 hours, and a distance of 40 miles. Venus is very ludicrously brought forward, and although the smell of Peter's tary jacket was far from being pleasing to her, yet having a point tp gain, the cunning goddess smiled on him with ineffable complacence, and almost bewitched him. Holberg's poetry was certainly of the purest character ; but he never sought to move the higher passions of the soul, such as melting compassion, deep sadness and sorrow, and love. When the latter was introduced, it rather became withJiim a subject of ridicule. He well mfefobered the slights fie bad received from the fair sex when he was young and poor. His economy and prudence finally enabled him, from the profits of his writings, to purchase five Squireships, which, in Denmark, enables* the proprietor to assume the title of Baron, without creation. On this large Barony he established an Academy for young gentlemen, differing in practice and.discipliue from the Universities ; and the whole revenues of the estate were for ever assigned tor the use of the students. Although Baron Holberg wasnotostentatious in his expenses, he possessed much liberality of disposition, and particularly \ ^pfTunatftJ i teriry- itri - tbgm^pe celways treated^unassuming W^erejjiei'CpuldiJio.t.Aonscienliously^appjaud,his ; purse was.Aurelo.relieve; As; Hpibergw^s a,. man • oftemperate habits^ lie -enjoyed 3ilon.g:life; tiand when he atiengtbdepartedithis world.iie was universally regretted in.almost every part of Europe, ; f „i,v : , i i \- •! • have already,'Abserved, than. in, oil r humble opinion.pojild our infant .Theatre be supplied with some of the productions of Hpl berg,; they would bewei I deceived, ;and^supply a. modei,,which;.should Natl^e,!composition .be herp, encouraged, might be attended with great success.' . 