CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Australian. Sin, — I .am born of respectable parents. My father emigrated , to. this Colony irany ycaro ago, bringing with him nothing but a handsome figure, nnrl n npfllrrpnn na. Inner net mv fnrA.nrm. ftfv tnntll[*r was also British born, and was -imported from the hunting establishment of a gentleman in the Midland Counties. ? It was from her that I imbibed tho deep rooted predilections which arc tho occasion of my now ad dressing you. From the time that I first learned to whinny distinctly, ? till tho hour that I quitted the maternal .protection for ever, her whole conversation and instruction related to tho subject of tho chase, to which she had been early initiated. Fired by her example, I. spurned the usual trammels of a -bush life. No fence was a protection against my incur sions, and tho coolness with which I could walk over five feet of iron-bark, into a wheat paddock, was a subject of wonder to the country round. ,- - I am now six years old, of a good figure, fifteen and a half hands high, nnd have never yet worn a saddle ; nor do I intend that the greasy degrading lump of - calf-skin so frequently used by the slow-going settlers in this district, shall ever disgrace my lofty withers. No, Mr. Editor, thanks : to my mother's instructions, there' is not a stock-yard oh the '/ Hun ter' that can hold me, and I am now as free, though not so wild (witness my hand-writing) ,as the ?' Wol leroos' on the ' Wollombl.1' ', , , . My attention was however caught tho other day by a paragraph inserted in your valuable Journal, headed ' Sporting Intelligence ;V, and tt; then proceeded to advertise, a. Meeting of the ''.'Sydney' Hunt' in the ' ' Petersham Country,', where ray motherlong resided. And can it be, said I, that a pack of hounds is now hunting that miserable scrub* in the neighbourhood of Sydney, while this noble, open country, , is never cheered by tho hounds' challenge, or the huntsman's halloo ? In a fit of enthusiasm I. came to a resolution ; and I now call upon you, Mr. Editor, as a sportsman, to record the following proposal j viz.— ', In the event of a pack of fox hounds boing esta blished in the District of ' Hunter's River,' riot moro than thirty miles from Maitlnnd, and within six months from this date, I, the undersigned, being Bound, wind, and limb, do hereby offer, myself to the Members of the Hunt, for the use of their huntsman, or whipper-in, on the following conditions : viz.^— . 1st.— My. ration must bo at .least ''one peck'f; of cracked or bruised maize per diem, and: one truss of good oat hay, per week. ?''.-?.',..'. -.'.' 2nd. — I will not carry more than fourteen stone. 3rd. — Nothing butgenuino, well-atuffed ;)i; jJe/n shall come across my back., ' ? i; ?-? ?',' ?'??-??*_ j :--'';'-.':,V 1th. — My tail shall bo left a switch, of at least eigh teen inches in length ; this will not be objected to, as I carry it very well. '' .' .' ith. — I must bo provided with a ' loose box.' On these terms then, I am willing to lay down my ong preserved liberty, and to enter into a bond to cecp tho peace, under nny moderate discipline for the crm of seven years, when I shall expect my dls :harge. To gratify my inherent passion for tho ' Chnse,' i thus tender the resignation of my hitherto joyous rccdom. If then, after this disinterested offer, any me Settler in this District, can scruple for one in tant, to come down with his dirty ' dust,' Shade if Bucephalus 1 Let all tho known evils' of horsc Icsh nlllict him 1 Mny his favorite hnckney be seized pith the glanders — may his best brood mare prove in oal to a jnckass — may his ?? promising colt,' be icked by a jude — mny curb, splint, spavin, and ring one, afflict him — may his groom prove fulac, and his jckey take ' tip' — if he. bo not Burked, may his arse be Iiinhoprd — may his lnst end bo ' Mazcppa'B idu' — nnd when death on his flea-bitten grey shall isit him, may tho ghosts of ' Actucon's' hounds owl e'er his grave, and keep him in everlasting ?aUefulnciis. I am now winded, Mr. Editor, and with your leave, eg to subscribe myself respectfully, RASPER. Hunter's River, April 14, 1837. - - 