To the Editor of the Tasmanian and Review. SIR,—The Reverend Mr. Meyers having neither noticed the letter I addressed to him in your paper of the 23rd of last month, nor offered any apology for the uncharitable language made use of by him, towards a sect, of whose character and tenets he is evidently ignorant—I fell that I should be wanting to myself, was I again to address him personally ; will you therefore permit me to direct to you a few observations, which I wish to offer on the arguments, in support of the doctrine of the Trinity, published in the Guardian of the present month. The first is on that passage in which the Reverend Editor states, that—*' To each of these names, (Father, Son and Holy Ghost) the Bible ascribes the attiibutes and actions of divinity" —on which I would only observe, that if the Bible does so, it is clearly at variance with the express declaration of our Saviour himself, that he possessed neither omnipotence nor omniscience.—" Of myself (he says) l can do nothing"—" Of that day, and that hour, knoweth no man, no, not the Angels which are in Heaven, neither the Son, but the Father." The Reverend Editor admits, " that he is not prepared to adduce any single text, which fully comprehends and announces this mysterious doctrine."—The only passage in scripture which in his opinion, clearly contains the doctrine of the Trinity in Unity, viz: " There are three that bear record in Heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and those three are one,"—he acknowledges to be of such doubtful authenticity, that it cannot be expected of " Arians, and Socinians to give it decided attention."—Does the Reverend Editor consider deserving the attention ol any persons, a text which has been pronounced by the most profound scholars and critics of all sects and denominations " indisputably spurious," * and which to the disgrace of the Church calling itself orthodox, still continues to be read in its Temples. Tho Reverend Editor further declares of this text, that "fully announces the doctrine of three distinct persons in one, and the same eternal and blessed Godhead."f Now with respect to the personality of the Holy Ghost, I confess my inability to find a single passage in the Bible to warrant tho assumption ; assuredly there is uo direct authority for it, nor can it, I think Sir, be justly inferred from such expressions as—"God will send the Holy Spirit"—"The Holy Spirit will reform the world," and others of a similar nature ; if it is, permit me to ask, why other attributes of Deity such as—Wrath—Mercy—Truth, which * The opinions of the elective reviewers will not be suspected of hetorodoxy ; they are as follows:— " We are unspeakably ashamed, that any modern divines should have fought pedibus et itiiguibus for the retention ol a passage so indisputably spurious." And again, " they are in our esteem the best advocates of the Trinitarian doctrine, who join in exploding such a gross interpolation, and in protesting against its being still permitted to occupy a place in the common copies of the New Testament—March, 1809. f Sherlock in his Vindication of the Blessed Trinity, (p. Cti) adopts decisive language. To say that there are three distinct persons, " and not three distinct infinate minds is both heresy and nonsense." And in p. 105—Father, Son and Holy Ghost, art as realty distinct persons, as Peter, James and John. in the figurative language of the scriptures we likewise personified should not also be recarded as persons of the Godhead.—Why not Fire also, for it is said that " Jesus Christ will baptize with the Holy Ghost and with fire"l The Reverend Editor asserts, that the Angel who appeared to the Patriarchs, is positively and unequivocally pronounced to be the God of Abraham, of Isaac:, and of Jacob, § from which he concludes—in the first place that " this family God of the Hebrew Patriarchs, must be a person distinct from the always invisible paternal Deity*'—and in the second place_" that as the invisible God was con- stantly declared to man, through the intermediate agency of the only begotten Son, it follows, that the person pronounced to be the God of the Hebrew Patriarchs, and who con- stantly at his several descents, received divine worship without declining it as an idolatrous impiety, " must inevitably be that only begotten Son, whose- peculiar office it is to declare the unseen Divinity."—Permit me now Sir, to draw your attention to the following passages ::—Judges, ch. 13, v. 16.—" And the Angel of the Lord said into Manoah, though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread; and if thou' wilt offer a burnt offering, thou must offer it unto the Lord. Again—Rev. ch. 22, v. 8, 9.—" And I, John saw these things and heard them—and when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the Angel which shewed me these things. Then saith he to me, see thou do it not; for 1 am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren the Prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this hook ; Worship God.''—As the Angel then did on these occations, decline that worship, which, agreeable to the Reverend Editor, the Son " constantly received without declining it as an idolatrous impiety."— Does it not follow, that the Son and the Angel cannot be the same. || To the opinions of the early fathers, few persons I apprehend will fed disposed to pay that deference which, the Reverend Editor appears to attach to them. An able scholar and critic thus speaks of thein, after excepting from the' whole number, CLEMENS RO- MANUS.—" With respect to the rest, and their immediate successors, the unprejudiced examiner of their remains will find their notions of revelation so involved in mysticism, their interpretation of scripture so puerile, their application of the Old Testament, to the transactions of the Gospel so excessively fantastical and groundless, their, learning and abilities so slender, their credulity so enormous, and the authenticity of some of their works so questionable ; that he will not chuse I presume, to appeal from the Gospel to their decisions, and to receive through their hands the doctrines of revelation." Christianity, Sir, must depend fur its proofs on the Gospels, and what they affurd will indeed be found amply sufficient to satisfy any reasonable mind of its truth. But how far this may assist the Reverend Editor of " The Guardian" to establish his doctrine of the Trinity; time will perhaps shew—till then, Mr. Editor, permit me to subscribe myself, though neither an Arian nor a Socinian.—Your obedient servant, A UNITARIAN CHRISTIAN. t This personification of the Holy Ghost is inconsistent, 1 must confess to my notions, of a pure and righteous God. Let any pious person refer to Mat. cli. 1, v. 18, 20, or Luke, ch. I, v. 35, and and ask himself how he reconciles those passages, with the personality of the Holy Spirit. Unitarians are even vile enough to believe that God is a Spirit, " and that the language of scripture in which he is described as having members—eyes—arms—hands, is purely figurative." § If this so unequivocally true, the use of Angels in the system, appear* to have been unnecessary, " their occupation ^one"'—for the Heavenly Father was always his own messenger. || Of this a decent syllogism might be framed— for example— The Son a ways received divine worship. The Angels did not receive divine worship. Ergo—The Son and the Angel are not the same. To this form of reasoning the Reverend Editor appears particularly partial, and 1 have been mcuh struck with the strong resemblance between his .style of deduction, and that of a renowned champion of the Trinity, Dr. Burgh, of which Wakefield gives the following specimen:—They believed not in God and put not their trust in his help—Psalms. What is predicted of God in the former clause, is predicted in the letters therefore help is God. Make a cheerful noise to the God of Jacob— Psalms. Whatsoever things are of good report—think on these things—St. Paul. The Psalmist exhorts us to make a cheerful noise, and Paul recommends, as Christian virtue, whatever is of good report, therefore a cheerful noise is a Christian virtue. For nonsense like this, adds Wakefield, was our theologian complimented with the dignity of L.L.D. by one of the most renuwned Universities in Christendom.—Pity Mr. Editor that we have no Univer- sity in Van Diemen's Land. July 7, 1837. Trie COUNCIL.—Mr. M'Lachlan objected to tht present Printing monopoly. The Colonial Secretary said, Dr. Ross did the business and received a salary of £2G0 a year, terminable by six months notice. When he soid the establishment Mr. Eiliston succeeded upon the same terms. The Colonial Treasurer said that Mr. Elliston appeared very much worn out with thi fatigue of printing the Orphan School Report. Mr. M'Lachlan moved to atfbrd him relief, by throwing open the monopoly, and having the work done by public contract. Nor SECONDED !!! The Attorney General enquired what encrease there had been at the Aboriginal Establishment. The Colonial Secretary said three. Mr. Stephen thought it extraordinary. The • Colonial Secretary mored the Caveat Board item. Mr. Anstey called it humbug, and Mr. Willis concurred. The Attorney General said the Commissioners had not room to work, and bore testimony to their courtesy to all applicants. The Chief Police Magistrate said he was a Commissioner, and always attended when he was sent for. The Colonial Secretary said the system having been called " humbug," he should move a Committee of Enquiry. Captain Swanston said that a person having applied for a new grant, in order to borrow money, after a long delay he had sent, to England and got the money, and that when it arrived here the grant had not been issued. The Chief Justice suggested that if parties did not take up their grants when they had been issued a month they should be cancelled, which would encrease the revenue. The Attorney General stated that more delay, expense, and dissatisfaction attended the applications to the Board than had the Supreme Court been the tribunal. (An eye for " the profession") He bore testimony to the obliging conduct of the Commissioners. Committee appointed. The Council voted £100 a year additional to the salaries of Messrs. Spode and Gunn ; also a remuneration, by gratuity or otherwise, to Mr. Town Surveyor Murray, for the abolition of his office; also rent for an office for the Solicitor General. The Committee on the Caveat Board examined Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Hone, (Commissioners,) Mr. M'Dowell, and Mr. Allport, lawyers. (None but lawyers can, we suppose, give information upon any subject. The evidence v.*as chiefly to the effect, that 407 cases had been reported to Government, IT disputed. That there was one case which had belter been sent to the Supreme Court; that it would be much better for lawyers to be employed in all cases than the parties themselves ; that there is no room ; and that there is a general outc-y against the delays of the Board, most of which is exaggerated, and some quite unfounded. (All this aribes from the disobedience of the Local Guvernment to the King's orders to legalize the old grants, the Local Government seeming to prefer that the faith and honor of the Crown should be brought into contempt by violating both.) The Council, in Committee on the Church, struck out the clauses as to the nomination by the Government and the Ministers of Trustees, all of which are to be elected by the Pew Renters. (With this amendment and some few others, which reference to Lord Glenelg's despatch will suggest, the Bill is excellent.) Upon the second reading ol the Church Bill, the Chief Justice moved that its duration be limited to three years. His Honor referred to an expression of the Colonial Secretary, by whom the Bill was conducted, that it was ephemeral. He considered that such a Bill could be only experimental, and that it would be therefore proper to fix a time at which, at latest, its provisions should be considered. Mr. Anstey seconded the Chief Justice. Mr. Stephen supported him, and in a plain, straight-forward, and convincing speech, shewed that the "principle" of the Bi.l (that of admitting all Christian Churches, under proper control, to equal privileges) having been established under Colonel Aithur's administration, many years before Sir Richard liourke, who had been so much lauded for it, ever thought of it, and that "principle" having been again fully confirmed by the all but unanimous vote of the last Session, he considered that it ivould be proper to bring the "details" again under consideration. His Honor the Chief Justice slated that he had understood from good authority that/Awe were 7000 Catholics in the Island, Mr. Stephen considered that £200 per annum was by at least one-half too little for the head of llie Clergy of that Church. He hoped that as our finances improved, our liberality to the Clergy would keep pace with it, and upon several other grounds, which to us seemed convincing, supported the Chief Justice. Captain Montagu, Captain Forster, and Mr. Gregory were for making the B 11' permanent. Captain Montagu seemed to U6 to consider the Bill not as one limited merely to properly providing for the Clergy, and to the Government of the Churches, but to Religion itself, which he said would be endangered by its going forth to the world that this Bill was to be revised at the end of three years. That the " jMrinsiple" of the Bill was fully and finally sealed seemed admitted by all, and the only question was whether the improving the " details" should be left to the Government, or should he forced upon it, at the end of three years. The Council decided— For the Chief Justice. Chiet Justice Mr. Anstey Air. Stephen Capiain Swanston. For the Colonial Secretary Colonial Secretary Colonial Treasirer C. P. Magistrate Collector of Customs Mr. M'Lachlan Mr. Belhune Mr. Ki-rr Mr. Willis. Majority for the Colonial Secretary 4. Yesterday the Council sat in Committee on the Caveat Board. Messrs. Young and Dobson were examined. Afterwards the Council sat in Committee on the Church Bill. Mr. M'Laclilan moved that every Clergyman should have a glebe of from 40 to 80 acres. Mr. Gregory opposed it. He said that as the Secretary of Slate had fixed the salaries of the Clergr at a certain sum, this was an attempt to induce the Council to give with the left hand what it was precluded from doing with the right. Rejected, 8 to 4. After a long desultory conversation, the Colonial Secretary moved that the Committee report progress, and sit again in a few weeks, during an adjournment which must shortly take place, owing to the departure of some of the country gentlemen, which would reduce the numbers below the required quorum. In the mean time it was His Excellency's intention to have the Bill re-printed in its amended state, and as the Committee had not reported, it would be still open to improvement. The Report of the Attorney General as to the Old Grants was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. It was read by the Attorney General himself, with a long appendix of " cases," illustrative of the argument on his Report against the va- lidating the old Grants. We shall enter fully upon both at the earliest opportunity. The " cases" are certainly of extreme hardship, but even with twenty more now copying, which the Attorney General will add to his appendix, still we are of opinion that a Lawyer of his ability might find some means of remedying them, without compelling ONE THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED other Grantees to advertise for disputants, and become subjected to Mr. Frankland's re-measuringsand re- describings, and all the delays, difficulties, expences, and absurdities consequent thereon, besides that great point, paramount we should suppose with the King's Representative, the preserving the King's honor inviolate. This point the Attorney General has jumped over untouched! .'! THE LATE DR. SCOTT.—If any thing could afford to Mrs. Scott consolation for her lamented bereavement, it would be the"^a/Aering" on Wednesday, of all the respectable inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood, to testify their respect and regard for her deceased husband, by attending the last sad duties to his remains. His Excellency Sir •lolin Franklin and all the public officers of every department were present. It was a high compliment that the Legislative Council adjourned in the midst of an interesting debate to attend the funeral. The whole of the Clergy of every denomination, the Reverend Roman Catholic Vicar General included, the whole of the Military officers, in a word, the whole town " gathered," and formed the largest procession ever witnessed in Van Dieman's Land, extending from St. David's church to the burial ground. The Reverend Mr. Bedford performed the funeral service in his usual impressive manner. It was a solemn spectacle, but it did ample honor to the memory of a gentleman whose loss, both professionally and privately, will be severely felt and long remembered. MISEKY.—There is an excess of human misery at this moment in this overgrown town in the midst of revelling and luxury, which would seem to laugh it to scorn. The inclemency of the weather brings with it unspeakably additional suffering where fuel is all but beyond the reach of the ordinary artizan— bread—meat—vegetables, in a word, the means of supporting life dearer than in any oilier part of the world. Severely felt as this is by those who have employment, how much tnore deeply so is it by those who have none, who with starring children crying for bread, look at their half naked forms and hear the chilling blast, without the means of relieving either; the pawnbroker having devoured every thing available 1 It is a melancholy reflection that the magnates of the land, full of every luxury and comfort, pass these excessive sufferings by, WITHOUT ONE WORD EVEN OF ENQUIRY —WITHOUT ONE HAND STRETCHED FORTH TO RELIEVE ! !! Yet is the charitable feeling of the considerate " upper classes of Englishmen" trumpeted forth all over the world, in all the false glare of ostentatious gilding ! LIBRARY.—The HobartTown Book Society are building, or rather have nearly built, a very handsome Library, adjoining the residence of the obliging and attentive librarian, Mr. Logan. It is a well-proportioned room of 35 feet by 28, around the walls of which the books will be so conveniently arranged thai the Members of the Society can seek lorsuch as they wish without difficulty. The Committee of the Society is entitled to the warmest thanks of the Members, for tli*: manner in which its business is conducted, a miniature resemblance of the best similar institutions of the native land. THE MARKETS.—The price of wheat is much as before. So also says the Cornwall Chronicle at Launceston. We really fear, Mr. Cheyne has entered into a league with the dear-bread-raen, for he has rendered the roads so utterly impracticable, that not a sack of wheat can be brought to town by land carriage. Fortunately the high road of the Derwent is not under his "Director- generalship if it was, mercy upon the poor, for bread would hot be obtainable at all. Potatoes have fallen a little j fs. per cwt. is now the average of the best qualities. Other articles as before. j THE WEATHER.—The week has been ! stormy, rainy, cold, and comfortless. On i Monday night, the barometer at 29. 4. a very j stormy gale set in from the west, which conj tinueJ all night with intervals of heavy rain, I The average of the week at the meridian 54. ! The afternoons are still wholly uncertainty. No probability of settled weather. Di ED—On the 25th instant, at the Franklin Distillery, THOMAS JACKSCN, Esa., late or London. 