THE EPISTLE FROM THE YEARLY MEETING HELD IN LONDON, By adjournments, from the 10th of the fifth month, to the 28th of the same inclusive, 1836. TO THE QUARTERLY AND MONTHLY MEETINGS OF FRIENDS IN GREAT BRITAIN, IRELAND AND ELSEWHERE. Dear Friends, We salute you in the love of the everlasting gospel ; fervently desiring that grace, mercy, and peace may abound towards you from God the Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. Our meeting has been large, and we have cause thankfully to acknowledge that the great Head of the church, who has often made himself known amongst us on these solemn occasions, has not withdrawn his presence from us, but has again permitted us to rejoice in his favour. We desire that we may yet more and more approve ourselves the true disciples of our Lord Jesus Christ, by evincing a fervent love one towards another. The grace of brotherly love has long marked our society as a christian community; it is at all times acceptable in the sight of our Father in heaven, and may it ever be preserved amongst us. The maintenance of a close watch against every thing which tends to break in upon this precious bond, is an evidence that the life of religion is vigorous in the soul. The spirit of enmity is truly the spirit of the devil. How comprehensive is the precept of our blessed Lord, " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them (Matt. vii. 12.) The carrying out of this principle in our individual conduct, would exclude all evil surmising, and harsh and hasty judging one of another, and would be one great means of maintaining the church in harmony and spiritual health : how tender would it make us of the reputation one of another ; how careful not to offend, and equally careful not to receive offence. We earnestly press it upon friends every where, that, at all times, and under all circumstances, they labour to cultivate so holy and heavenly a spirit. We have received an Epistle from our friends in Ireland, and one from each of the yearly meetings in America; and have felt that it is good thus to have our dear brethren brought to our affectionate remembrance. The amount of the sufferings of our members for tithes and other ecclesiastical demands, including the charges of distraint, reported to this meeting, is upwards of eleven thousand one hundred pounds. The friend whom we noticed last year as a prisoner in the jail at Carlow in Ireland, in support of our ancient christian tes timony,against tithes, has, after six months' confinement, been liberated under the authority of a clause in an act of the legislature, passed during the last session of parliament. Often as our religious society has declared its belief in the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures, and upheld the sacred volume as the only divinely authorised record of the doctrines of true religion, we believe it right at this time to revive some important declarations of scripture itself on the subject. It is expressly declared by the apostle Peter, that "the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man ; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost" 62 Pot. i. 21). The apostle John declares respecting the gospel which he wrote, " these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that, believing, ye might have life through his name (John xx. 31). Very pertinent and comprehensive is the language which the apostle Paul addressed to Timothy ; " from a child thou hast known the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness; that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good workshop Tim. iii. 15-17). Again the apostle says, " whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope (Rom. xv. 4) Finally, our blessed Lord, in reference to those divine writings of which the grand object, in accordance with his own declaration, was to testify of himself, em emphatically declares the scripture cannot be broken (John, x. 35). Although most of these passages relate to the Old Testament, our society has always freely acknowledged that the principles developed in in them, are equally applicable to the writings of the evangelists and apostles. In conformity with these principles it has ever been, and still is, the belief of the Society of Friends, that the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament were given by inspiration of God that therefore the declarations contained in them rest on the authority of God himself; and there can be no appeal from them to any other authority whatsoever that they are able to make us wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus ; being the appointed means of making known to us the blessed truths of Christianity that they are the only divinely authorised record of the doctrines which we are bound as christians to believe, and of the moral principles which are to regulate our actions that no doctrine which is not contained in them can be required of any one to be believed as an article of faith that whatsoever any man says or does which is contrary to the scriptures, though under profession of the immediate guidance of the spirit, must be reckoned and accounted a mere delusion. We trust, however, that none of our members will content themselves with merely entertaining a sound view on this subject ; but that they will remember that the Holy Scriptures are given to us that they may be diligently used, and that we may obtain a right understanding of them in the fear of the Lord. Let us never forget that their main purpose is, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, to bring us to our Lord Jesus Christ, that by a living operative faith in Him, we may obtain reconciliation with the Father, and be made partakers of the everlasting life. As the Holy Spirit influences our hearts, and enlightens our understandings, we are brought to a lively apprehension of the character and offices of the Messiah; and Christ, received by faith into the soul and ruling there by his spirit, becomes our sure and only hope of glory. We have always held, that the reliance of the penitent soul for the forgiveness of sins and for acceptance with our Heavenly Father, must ever be placed on the sole ground of the free mercy of God in Christ Jesus. " For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God ; being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus : whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the for- ( bearance of God that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus" (Rom. iii. 23-26). We think it right plainly to declare, that we have never acknowledged any principle of spiritual light, life or holiness, inherent by nature in the mind of man. Like our early friends, ye believe in no principle whatsoever of spiritual light, life or holiness, except the influence of the Holy Spirit of God, bestowed on mankind in various measures and degrees through Jesus Christ our Lord. We are deeply solicitous that the precious doctrine of the Holy Ghost, as plainly unfolded by our Lord Jesus Christ and his apostles, may be maintained amongst us in all its fulness. May we never depart in word or deed, from that christian profession of faith in regard to it which has been so carefully cherished by the Society of Friends, from its first rise to the present day. This is a subject on which we may venture to appeal to the experience of many of our dear friends, in various conditions of life, who have enjoyed but Few outward advantages. There are those of this description, as well as others, we fully, believe, who have known much of the free and immediate visitations of the Holy Spirit. Submit" yourselves, dear friends, to these visitations accept them as evidence of the continued and unmerited goodness of God to your souls : they bring the mind into tenderness and contrition before the Lord, present the blessed truths of the gospel as they are recorded in scripture with clearness to the understanding, fix the heart on Jesus, yoke down the evil propensities of the natural man, and lead to the patient bearing of the fruit of the spirit ; " love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness temperance (Gal. v. 22-23). To this list of christian virtues, we may add that godly sincerity and sterling integrity, in which the christian endeavours to maintain a conscience void of offence towards God and man. We would remind you of the encouragement which the Lord Jesus has given us to a fervent exercise of soul for this divine influence: "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children : how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?"-(Luke xi. 13). We entreat our dear friends every where to strive after a life of true holiness and devotedness to God; a life springing out of that state of mind in which self is kept in subjection under the power of the Lord Almighty. May we all of us be enabled to say with the apostle, "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live ; yet not I but Christ liveth in me and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me (Gal. in 20). When such shall come to be more generally our experience, the truth as it is in Jesus will indeed flourish amongst us and under his grace and government, our blessed portion will be the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." Signed, in and on behalf of the meeting, by SAMUEL LUKE, Clerk to the Meeting this year. 