PBOROGATtON OF PAHLUMENT-THE King's fepr.rcii At this day— Parliament having been prorogued —will in all probability teem with a series or va grant reports or his Majcsty't speech, it becometh ' .. ?, wl'c' tlle in-l»'»nce assumes an es^ aentially national aspect— incumbent peculiarlv upon us to send forth to the world the extraordinary document read by the King-without candles, it is true, but with all the true dignity and grace by which Monarch, have ever been singularly charac. tented— in order to place the too credulous public on their guard against highly adulterated accounts or this gracious proceeding-accounts, which are not only spunoua in their essence, but which mili tate against the stern dignity or power, and tend to cast ridicule over those grave ceremonials which render a Sovereign to gloiious. | The preliminaries weie or course on the usual maKnilicient scale. Bit Majesty had his hair curled expressly for the occasion, and upon the whole, looked, ir anything, ravishing. On entering the House he gave three rather comprehensive nods ?midst the enthusiastic jeer, of the brilliant assem. nly, and after having tucked up his sleeves, and unbuttoned the collar or his shirt, he proceeded to adjUtt the royal barnacles-to rurnith the most un. tenanted corner or the royal jaw with a quarter or ou ounce of CrevclliWo let slip thecables_to pull out the log-to declare it to be most remarka bly ' wettidi'- and then to deliver the following ?i«ci:ii ui a nnc, will, and sonorous wobble ? ? Mj Lord, and Gbntibmen,— Now you know his here's a very rum business ; I call it a rum business '-whatever you, My Lords and Gentle, men, may think on it, I call it rum. Just only bear a hand now ! isn't it inrarnel that I, for the hapni. nest or my people, and the safety and honour and welfare of my dominions, should go for to come for to unfurl the aailt f.r a sessional cruise with the car. go on board, on the fourth day of Febberwherry— tix months ago I— and then when I come for to wind up accounts to find all as was ofT the most rally throwr 1 overboard tang, and the rest on it nibbled and aibbled and nibbled ontil it was notoff no rally at all? I don't know of course what your notion '7i, U1?r.tllfa, here, but I. my Lord., look upon it in the lighter in being an essential varmant set out, and what you've been about all on you tfarouirh. «Ut tlie Whole ortlliscruilM I.IVnn,. tk^.U ? — .:, _ for to know. Howsomdever, I'm gl»d that its come to an end, and it gives me uncommon satisfaction to come down to-day for the purpose of enabline you all to cut your sticks. But before, iny Lords and Gentlemen, I bid you good bye, I've a few little trifles to overhawl here, which or course you know nothing at all about any more than the babby un. born, and of course never would know if I wasn't graciously pleated for to tell you, and therefore I'll now go along like a levenue cutter right over this business, which mast be uncommonly novel to you all from the snout to the tail. ' Ih the -cry first place, then, the yarns I receive from the whole of the foreign principRlitieT^d powers are reglar. They all rand their rery bett compliments, and declare that they don't want to tackle us by no means, and has we shouldn't Gain a tingle copiicr by the job, why, you know, my Lords f.1,^n'Lcroen' «*r» '° uncommon wish to «-.«.« uicin, ana to, uicrelore, Btthere'tnct the ghost or a chance of a general war, there's a rerv fair prospect rf general peace. ^ Jr.i.MP'T ' I-ve °u'a«*i»™ «™»i tunes, that the civil manoeuvre now going on in Sp*m h?H.'t come to no wrt of an end. Youinow ni? opinion or this ere affair, my Lord. 8nd Ge£, tlemcn-don'tye? I don't like the crew hair nWt ' mind you .—no, by no manner of means, for 1 take I it they deserve nothing cite than the rtatnettMid' hardest Md ironert lUle at was ever composed by* de.pt* supported I by blood-thirrty monk.; but I murt «ay-«lthough they are not worth our pWder'nd I Jot-that if we interfered in the matter.t .11 wo decidedly ought to hare done » inVway Zt would have cettled the busineaof thTpTrlte, at «? o !«.« .!„,„ pounce to youlhJTSecar I &*'? cnppletat was mutilated and toaimed »t «ow, you know iu my customary custom at this eieP,ntofthebu,iness,to call over the item' ' younave done, but on overhauling the LoC riv I-rds md Gentlemen. I with i may die* l™ lollyboyV curse ! which does for cartain queer me above abit, and that'* God1, truth. »ZT™ opened the House, you know 1 called you alten' t.»n to many manreuvre, I tiusted to v'u ,J Chuidi of -gimd. which was for holv Z JZ «»Di,,nea,«,d ought to be for holy purple alone men«ndtheTallii»_tothe more decent n .icau »«ing of u,e Court of 4:hancery_to the to.«ri tubject of the I. ish^hurch-to the rotun ,, Ln7d pal busine- in 1^6-^6 the appli,, ^of S?rt 'Z^u '' tl)St HMne ~»ntrj, with 'view fM*^' llBn'0Ily ««i— *-ET itteemt 1'ma cyphcr_a positive cypher :_ you rayly, m, lords and Gentlemen, must lo-k U£' nieasnothii, better than a noodle, for nayl'^ ^If *-'«'« one of these thing, been iccon* pl.shed_not one ! What's the meJnintr of ffTTi? I Gektuuxh or rtiK House or Commoxs.— you've ?fkWf1? ''''i8I)I1': 'n *?' ^''^'way? Imohletged to you. The came Minimi of Un will do rery well next year, lorl hI,,,v« to'e -%,'«*? ?'''- the constable, alth.ugl, ,v« God1, truth that every, .hot that's put in (h. Locker Boe.; Howsomdever, you'll fork it up ►„,., „ ,,ext Setsion-wont yer ? (Lo,,o cheekc.) There'c May them as is single pet wives to their 11 indt. And them atis. marriid live happy. My mwu. .ends her'«rn,,lin,ei,.,, and h.pet tUt when you do get home you ,«,nt neglect nnthins »-i iORDt *m, GnKTLEWEN,_ln diVniiirinir you rrom thete Parliamenticl duties, which Z have performed to entirelv to your „„, Ttatis' faction, that you have done it by no n.cin e .fany '?''lte'sj it becomes me a. faiher ofn:, m-oX to observe, that|.ros,re,ity is not only a ,ay JVBl bluing, but . bluing that I and my ,koP|J enjoy This you will cay j, B|, riglBr_t,itl thf ^ [are prosjwrous-and that as they've got ifold 01 prosperity, they in roaton cant want nothing else ? but this ,„', ,he right way to argufy the niaftciTit ?''tVause a „,.„'. weI, to do in t|,CK.or|d „,„, , ,„' man s to submit to be robbed ; that's the wav vou know, that I look at it ; the people are proMierous ?t is true, and thank God for it, but they i,,c kot 'SOing. you know, cause they *b« pros,Krous. for tote plundered without saying nothing.', all about it — more t'other, my Lords and Gentiemei— nu.re *he t'other !-ond them as is got the clearest „-„ ™ you knoW, can «e the best; and the people m tome things so clearly now that it makes me el™, l! Uhere?or;.;yhWOIlt mUCh lOTger «»nd it :—»„«! therefore I'd have you bear a hand and reflect on nreTar J°r.y°ILkll0W' *hen -ou «? hon'e' ?»« ^ prepared for ,0 better your manners when I cee you again till rhen, n.y Lords end Gentlemen, may and have capital sport, not only in the bwsum. of your families, but .!» in the Seld-God hW Z The prorogation of P.rlio»ent was then an' nounced, when hit M.jerty ie*djusted the 'o™ ch,rt--gavee few familar nods of tecognition to the ladu^-and on turning a somerset „ .^'g,,,.' |° the Lord High Chancellor, the Archbithop of Can. terbury.and the Bithop of London. (010^^ fiy the garter right out or the Bouse '™ceaefl t0 Matiiimokwi FELiciTV—Waiiam Taylor a journeyman paper ttainer, wat chaiged with haCing well drubbed b. wife, Martha Taylor, a tour-look? ing woman, old enough to be his mother. Mr Rawlmson (to the wire; :_?? Well, can't rouMttle Ibis matter between yourselves without ou™£,er! Never- I'll suffer death first.' Mr. HawlinsonLl ' M hat has le done to offend you to mightily »' Wire-' Done: cee how be has pommelled my face Why, I'm as black .. erera Hottentot Venu, w^ *Ir: .?.'* int011-' whe' did he beat you in this 7 ^n 'c~ Tbe llut s»tu'ay night that ever was. Oh: l,hall Mver forget &.?? Hwlrod ' '1/iere now I have caught you. On that nieht it was .mpoKsible for me to thrith you ; cos ry, I '« » .11 w.th the plaguy influenza, I vos'nt «t fytZ «ch exertion.' M'ife_.'It was the 'ginflueW that you laboured under, and, you nasty fellow you are always ].bouring under it.' Husband!' Jji* t]5wb*ri, darling; consider this i. our wedding-day. We've been married sixteen vcart his blessed morning.' Wire-' Well 1 know it ; «.fe_» Bind him neck and heels to keep the peace, or let him go to prison if lie can't Bnd bail ?- Husband-' Oh don't rod me to prison, rich ,i dark gloomy day as this, «nd our weddingiay too — «.u Km you ngot, for laying riolent hands on your lawful wife.' Husband-' Wt locH. 'f « ««» ?«? Jfw dark it is (it v»«» dark tb«t Uie office was obliged to be lit with candles). Tow fin.1LTPrilfri * -**«««» *ttlw. Sne tare wot Had suit me from the country.' Wr.JUwlwson decided the «^eb, ordering the husband to*nter intohisownttcogniianccs to keep If P?Mi,'?l'enrilI%. tbst *h'*ne« *-uiu 00 both Sldcj.'— M'EEKtT JJESTATCB. ,,.,,.. , t , 