EXTRACTS. BIRMINGHAM. It gives us much pain to state that the accounts from the" manufacturing towns are very gloomy. In Sheffield business is in a state of stagnation, and the following extract from a private letter, received yesterday, shows Birmingham to be in a similar condition: Birmingham, June 6. - Every thing here is in the most wretched and miser- able state that you can conceive : nearly all the manufactories closed, and the poor mechanics walking about half starved, with little or no prospect of amendment. Liverpool Mail. The Speaker, on Wednesday, had to read prayers previously to proceeding to count the house, in consequence of the absence of his chaplain. The circumstance is curious and unprecedented in modern times. The members who were present could hardly believe their eyes and ears, but the fact was nevertheless so, and more, the Speaker read the prayers very well. Evening Paper. The Last Moments of the King -On Sunday night His Majesty observed to Dr. Chambers who was in attendance, " This is the last day on which I shall see the sun go down." This was not uttered in tones of regret, but rather, as it is said, with the meekness and hopefulness of a spirit that is aspiring to a better world. Dr. Chambers, in reply to this observation, expressed a hope that His Majesty would yet live to see many sins down, "Oh !" said His Majesty, "that is quite another thing." On Monday morning the King rose from his bed about half-past seven, and sent for Sir H. Taylor, for the purpose of transacting business, as had been his habit from the time he was taken ill to almost the very close of life. He seemed perfectly resigned, and manifested that fearlessness which a mind composed and prepared for death can alone display. He again repeated to Sir Herbert Taylor the conviction he had previously expressed to Dr. Chambers. He felt, he said, that that day would he his last. About the middle of the day, however, Sir H. Taylor was again summoned to the Royal presence to transact business. Monday morning, on rising, 89 we before mentioned, His Majesty, addressing the attendants who waited round him, and were affording their assistance to dress and support him, in his very enfeebled state, said, in the most affectionate manner, " God bless you all !'' Limitation of Actions A menu- , must Lord A burger's Bill was brought in Wednesday last. It is intituled "An Act to amend an Act passed in the third ( and fourth year of his present Majesty, entitled an Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Pro , perty, and for simplifying the Remedies i for trying the Rights thereto." Whereas doubts have been entertained as to the effect of a certain Act of Parliament made in the third and fourth year of His Majesty King William IV., entitled an Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Properly, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto, so far as the same relates to Mortgages; and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed : Be it declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall and may be lawful for any person entitled to or claiming under any mortgage of land, being land within the definition contained in the first section of the said Act, to make an entry or bring an action at law or suit in equity to recover such land at any time within twenty years next after the last payment of any part of the principal money or interest secured by such mortgage, although more than twenty years may have elapsed since the time at which the right to make such entry or bring such action or suit in equity shall have first accrued, any thing in the said Act notwithstanding -Times. Popish Bishops. - It is the intention of the Popish "Vicars Apostolical to throw off that title, and assume that of Bishop. They have also determined to nominate as many bishops and archbishops as the Church of England, for which purpose two of these self called prelates, Mr. Griffiths, the vicar apostolic of the London, and Mr. Walsh, the vicar apostolic of the Wolverhampton districts, have gone to Rome to obtain a bull from the Pope and Council. Dorset County Chronicle. The Cant of Criticism The following criticism on Hamlet, supposing it were now to be produced, is from the " Library of Fiction," a new series of which has been commenced by Mr. Gilder ; it contains some very fair hits at the cant of criticism, which prevails quite as much now as when Hume denounced it. " Hamlet, by the same author, is merely the story of an unhappy young gentleman, who is allowed (very improperly) to walk about without his keeper. He raves and utters the most incoherent absurdities in the funeral tone of an undertaker. We despair of giving even an outline of the tale ; indeed it is out of the reach of common perseverance to get through the story at a sitting. There is a heaviness comes over us, which we are too apt to mis- take for meditation and it is not until we awake that we are altogether aware of the pleasing soporific which Mr. Ham- let had unconsciously prepared for us. There is another ghost in this tragedy, who incautiously chooses to take the air within reach of the guns of a garri- son. He may thank Mr. Shakspeare that he is not demolished-' branch and root.' How lucky it is that authors are omnipotent with respect to their own creations bY Miss Ophelia (one of the characters, goes mad because her father dies or because she chooses to go mad, or for some other reasons equally cogent. She sings songs (like our itinerant market women about lavender and prim- roses, etc, and hangs herself, it appears in order that her brother and Mr. Ham- let may fight about her. Her brother (Laertes) seems a gallant youngster, with no more brains than may be safely ascribed to the head of the family and being puzzled on Mr. Hamlet's inviting him to eat a crocodile,' naturally de- clines making any answer, but fights him instead with foils tipped with poison. These youths kill each other in an ingenious way, by changing weapons. Half the dramatic personal the some weep some are executed in a summary way? and the tragedy and our lethargy terminate at last." Globe, June 2. Queen Pleasure Party An anecdote is told of a young Parisian, says Dr. Hume Weatherhead in his " Pedestrian Tour through France and Italy," who caused an elegant family vault to be made and enclosed by a gilt railing : he had it decorated with the family arms and other devices, together with the names of all the individuals of his family inscribed on it in letters of gold. When the mausoleum was finished, he one day proposed a party of pleasure, and appointed the cemetery of' Pere la Chaise as the place of general rendezvous. Judge of the surprise of the party on perceiving on one of the most elevated spots in the garden a tomb all ready to receive them. Next day the chef de la Famille sent each of them a conte disagree with the number of the niche that was reserved for him Globe, June 2. On Sunday, when the banner by which His Grace the Duke of Wellington holds Strathfieldsaye was presented, the King seemed much affected, and said, " God bless the Duke of Wellington ; may he live long to enjoy it, He then turned to Dr. Chambers and said, "If you do not keep me alive for another day, the Duke of Wellington will not be able to hold his annual festival in celebration of the battle of Waterloo Morning Paper. The Commerce (a somewhat quiet mine authority) affirms that the son of Jerome Bonaparte is amongst the aspirants to the hand of our youthful Queen. The said son is her Majesty's second cousin, being the son of a daughter. of the Queen of Wurtemburg, who was the Duke of Kent's sister. In the shop-window of a haberdasher in Drury Lane, at the corner of Long here, there is exhibited a specimen of curious old point lace made 500 years ago, according to a label attached to it. It is of a whitish grey color, very finely worked, and in appearance approaches nearer to Mechlin fine lace then any other of modern manufacture. At first sight it seems a combination of net- work and French cambric. Church of Englander. Cob here has not been so inconsistent as may appear on a superficial view of his character. From 1815 to the day of his death he did all he could in support of the farming interest and the interest of the church. " The great ground of defence," says he, " of the Church of England is this, that it is the poor man's church; that it provides religions teaching, free of expense, to him who has no real property in the country that it provides a place of worship and the administration of all rights and ceremonies for him as well as for the rich man that he has as much right to his seat in the church, and the performance of all its services, as the 'squire, lord, or the king himself has that the rich, having the lands and houses distributed amongst them, have been obliged to leave reserved to the poor man this, his share of the country in which he was born, and which he is bound to defend against all enemies that to take this church from him, and to tell him to go and hire and pay a minister, would be a breach of the social compact with him that the church is one of the undoubted rights of the poor man and that, therefore, the government is bound to uphold it. This is the great argument in defence of the church of England, and indeed the only argument upon which any church establishment can be defended." Li- verpool Mail. Hazlitt's Character of Sir F. Burdett. - Sir Francis Burdett, in many respects, affords a contrast to the foregoing character, (Mr. now Lord Brougham.) He is a plain, unaffected English gentleman ; he is a person of great reading, too, and considerable information ; but he makes very little display of those, unless it be to quote Shakspeare, which he does often with extreme aptness and felicity. Sir Francis is one of the most pleasing speakers in the house, and is a pro- digious favorite of the English people. So he ought to be, for he is one of the few remaining examples of the old English understanding, and old English character. All that he pretends to is common sense and common honesty and a greater compliment cannot be paid to these than the attention with which he is listened to in the House of Commons. We cannot conceive a higher proof of courage than the saying things which he has been known to say there and we have seen him blush and appear ashamed of the truths he has been obliged to sister, like a bashful novice. He could not have uttered what he often did there, if, besides his general respectability, he had not been a very honest, a very good tempered, and a very good-looking man. But there was evidently no wish to shine, nor any desire to hurt the feelings of those who heard him, but it was a higher duty in him not to suppress his sincere and earnest convictions. It is wonderful how much virtue and plain dealing a man may be guilty of with impunity, if he has no vanity, or ill nature, or duplicity, to provoke the contempt or resentment of others, and to make them impatient of the superiority he sets upon them. We do not recollect that Sir Francis ever endeavoured to atone for any occasional Indiscretions of intemperance, by giving the Duke of York credit for the battle of Waterloo, or congratulating ministers on the confinement of Buonaparte at St. Helena. There is no honest cause which he dares not av*w ; no oppressed individual that he is not forward to succour. He has the firmness of manhood with the unimpaired enthusiasm of youthful feeling about him. His principles are mellowed and improved, without having become less sound, with time for at one period, he sometimes appeared to come charged to the house with the petulance and caustic sententiousness he had imbibed at Wimbledon Common. He is never violent or in extremes, except when the people or the parliament happen to be out of their senses and then he seems to regret the necessity of plainly telling them he thinks so, instead of pluming himself upon it, or exulting over impending calamities. There is only one error he seems to labour under, which, we believe, he also borrowed from Mr. Horne Tooke or Major Cartwright the wanting to go back to the early times of our constitution and history, in search of the principles of law and liberty. This is the only point on which Sir Francis is at all inclined to a tincture of pedantry. In general, his love of liberty is pure, as it is warm and steady, his humanity is unconstrained and free. His heart does not ask leave of his head to feel, nor does prudence always keep a guard upon his tongue or his pen. No man writes a letter better to his constituents than the member for Westminster; and his compositions of that kind ought to be good, for they have occasionally cost him dear. He is the idol of the people of Westminster a few persons have a greater number of friends and well-wishers, and he has still greater reason to be proud of his enemies, for his integrity and independence have made them so. Sir Francis Burdett has often been left in a minority in the House of Commons, with only one or two on his side. We suspect, unfortunately for his country, that history will be found to enter its protest on the same side of the question. He committed an error in consenting to couple the late Catholic relief bill with one for disfranchising forty shilling freeholders. Evening Mail. Ship Builders in Java -The largest merchant vessel in Java, a ship about one thousand tons burden, was built by an Arab merchant, in a long but shallow river, which runs into the sea near Sourabaya. As great expense is incurred by floating the timber in rafts down the river, be determined to commence the work in the forest itself, as he would thereby be enabled to select the best trees for the purpose. He accordingly ascended the river, accompanied by a sufficient number of workmen, conveying the necessary materials, and commenced the undertaking about eighty miles from the sea. When the keel and * the floor timbers were laid, and a few of the bottom planks nailed on, he launched the embryo vessel, and floated her gently down the river to a place in which the water was deeper. Here the building was continued, until it became necessary to seek a deeper channel, and in this manner the work proceeded, the vessel being floated further down the river whenever the water was found to be too shallow for her to float, until at length she was fairly launched half finished into the sea, and finished in the harbour. Earl's Eastern Seas. Madame Lavalette In one of the private Maisons de Sante, on the other side of Paris, there now resides an illustrious patient, whose beauty madness has not all faded, for her disease of mind is gentle and calm, and took its rise from the excess of affectionate concern, heightened by terror. This is Madame Lavalette, who procured the celebrated escape of her husband from prison. Having engaged, by her persuasions and entreaties, Sir Robert Wilson, Bruce, and Hutchinson, to aid Lavalette's flight to a place of safety, she was permitted to enter his prison the evening before his execution ; his hair was already cut off, as a preparation for the guillotine ; I he fled in the disguise of his wife's dress. His heroic wife was bitterly reproached and threatened by the governor of the prison and her nervous anxiety lest Lavalette should be retaken, of which she was assured there was no doubt, was so excessive, that she never after recovered the miseries of that night. After a time her fine intellect gradually gave way, and she has resided some years in this maison, anxiously attended. Lava letter is now dead ; but her silence is never broken by any event ; she walks often in the garden, and plucks the flowers, or sits for hours on the garden seats, but never speaks, and has not been heard to utter a word for some years. Her look is sad and lonely, and she seems no longer to feel sympathy with any being a transition from devoted union, from passionate tenderness, to the chilliness and dreariness of the tomb. New Monthly. It is rumoured at the political club houses that her Majesty will prorogue parliament by commission on the 20th inst., and open the session of the new one with great splendour early in November, Sunday Times, July 9. Samuel Chifney. In riding, the method which he adopted appeared to apply to these two objects, viz-" How his weight might be easier carried, and in what manner the powers of the horse he rode might be best taxed to perform the distance in the least possible time." To promote the first he was an advocate for the practice of altering the seat, from standing in the stirrups to sitting down upon your horse, illustrating the convenience of it thus:-"Carry a stone weight for five minutes in one hand, and then shift it to the other, and see how it will ease you." The latter it was generally believed he carried to the extreme, many contending that he threw away races frequently from having too much ground to make up at the finish, as in the Leger of 1886 with Priam, and other instances. This is a very difficult point to decide ; no doubt it requires a consummate skill to enable a man so to contrast the powers of all the horses engaged in a race with that which he is riding that he may be justified in lying much out of his ground. Many horses, again, can not bear upsetting at the beginning of a race; give them time at first, and they will run on-the farther the distance the better the pace. It is almost needless to offer examples of this, because they will offer themselves by the score to all who are are conversant with the turf. I cannot help, however, alluding to one that was a " confirmation strong." It occurred at Doncaster, when Memuou (S. Templeman) ran against Florismart, rode I think by Clift. At one part of the race, probably from orders, Templeman had a head at least a quarter of a mile, but he gradually compounded, at the end Florismart winning by a head. This might have been accident, as regarded the winner, but Memnon had evidently been overloaded, upset in fact, at first for when he came up to weigh he trailed his hind legs after him as if he had a paralytic stroke. Sporting Magazine The last accounts from Naples, which reached Marseilles on the 29th ult., represent the cholera as making frightful progress. Between the 22nd and the 24th there were 1,200 new cases. The images of the saints were being carried in a solemn procession through the streets, accompanied by the priests, singing masses. Sunday Times, July 9. New Marriage Act. The Presbyterians, have, we perceive, published " A form for the solemnization of matrimony." It is founded upon that used in the church of England, although differing in some of its details. The ring is preserved, the "ancient and accepted symbol of conjugal love; " and the service is concluded with the benediction and appropriate address from the minister, and an impressive prayer Sunday Times, July 9. Lord Holland having delivered up to Her Majesty the seals of the duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, Her Majesty was graciously pleased to return them into his custody, and the oath of office of chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster was, by Her Majesty's commands, administered to him accordingly. Amazing Despatch. By the William Glen Anderson, arrived in England from Sydney, New South Wales, ten days ago, we have letters, acknowledging the receipt of the news forwarded to that Colony from Edinburgh so late as October, 1836 ! The letters bearing them were despatched from London in the Norfolk, Convict ship, which reached Sydney on or about the 6th of February, so that we have here the astonishing proof that vessels have " traversed o'er the pathless ocean" to the immense extent of 34,000 miles, in the incredibly short space of seven months and three weeks. Sunday Times, July 3. -. 