English Extracts.(CONTINUED.] SHIPWRECK OF MERCHANT VESSELS. [FROM THE MONTHLY REPOSITORY.] THE loss of merchant vessels on a lee-shore is almost always owing to the neglect of the cap- tain, in not cutting away his masts directly the danger of wreck becomes apparent, and in the neglect of a proper and timely use of the anchors and cables. Every body who has had any expe- rience in these matters, must be convinced of the validity of the statement, and equally so of the cause attributed, viz., the excessive aversion on the part of captains to incur the expense of new masts, and the inconvenience and frequent impossibility of hauling up the cables from the over-lumbered tiers. Again, with reference to cutting away the masts, it would delay a voyage, if they were outward bound, and, perhaps, also, they might not be insured. But another cause will also be found to exist in the private feelings and character of a captain. Perhaps he has an admi- ration of his " sticks and bare poles," he had them touched and retouched with axe, and plane, and rigged after his own plan; he feels a fresh pride about them, if new, and has an affection for them, if old ; the ship would not sail half so well with any others; he cannot make up his mind to cut them away while a chance is left of getting the ship off, and when he sees there is no chance, it is too late to do it, even if he had time. As to the cable-tiers being choaked up with all sorts of lumber, he knows.that he has got cables on board, which is a satisfactory thing to his mind during the voyage; and as to being wrecked, that is a very unlikely thing to happen to a man of his knowledge and experince ? Grant therefore a good spanking gale of wind, a foggy night, or a nail accidentally jammed under the compass-box, puzzling his faithful needle, with all those ills that ships, of whatever ton- nage " are air to," and wrecked he is, with all on board ; crew, cargo, passengers, anchors, cables, pretty masts, knowledge, experience, and economy, inclusive. Something should be done to prevent this, or at least to render it much less frequent. And it ought to be done as soon as possible. A writer on this subject seems convinced that by a timely use of their anchors and cables added to the cutting away of the masts, the Clarendon, which was lost, with nearly every soul on board, at the back of the Isle of Wight, and the Duke of Marlborough, in Torbay, might have been saved, without the loss of life or propeorty(?) We think it very probable in most cases. Ano- ther writer suggests that "it would be useful to insert in all policies of insurance, a clause pro- viding. that all captains should bend their cables, and have the anchors clear, immediately they come on soundings." He further says, " from the experience of twenty-five years at sea, I would recommend that the best bower [chain cables are undoubtedly preferable, but absolutely necessary for all vessels where proper precautions are used.] Chains should be 180 fathoms, as also that a few small hatchets (say, from one to three dozen, according to the size of the ship) should be kept in a handy place on the quarter deck, or in the cabin, always in good order for cutting away ; as it generally happens that when a neces- sity arrives the things most wanted are never to be found." Perhaps a seaman of different experience, though of an equal number of years' service, might not agree that this could be subject to no exceptions ; but that the writer is right enough in the main, nobody, we should think, would gainsay. We would beg to add something which seems to us of importance towards the prevention of many disastrous shipwrecks. We think it would be a great means of preserving life and property, and preventing considerable loss to un- derwriters, as well as the domestic misery of thousands of individuals, relatives and others, many of whom depend for existence on the crews and passengers of vessels — if a deodand propor- tionate, and perhaps equal, to the value of new masts, were laid on all vessels wrecked with their masts stalnding; unless it could be proved that the ship had been suddenly stranded, and without driving. An additional fine should be paid if the top-gallant and royal yards and masts had not been struck, subject to the same proviso. If the cables and anchors had not been used, a deodand (to be doubled if they were proved not to have beeni unstowed when the vessel was driving ashore) should also be imposed to a very large amount. The money thus forfeited should be paid by the owners, and captain, and pilot of the vessel thus wrecked, and appropriated to a fund for the poorer relatives of all those individuals whose lives were lost in consequence. If no lives were lost, then the amount should go to a general fund, for the relief of the poorer relatives of all those who had perished by shipwreck. If other and better plans can be devised, the sooner the better. It is a question upon which the legislature ought to lose no time in deciding, Should the above suggestions, and our own rough draught of a remedy for so serious, com- mon, and wide-spreading an evil, be considered worthy of attention, we most earnestly and con- fidently hope that the public Press will take up the subject, for something should be done, both promptly and efficiently, to diminish the great loss of life and property that regularly, and we must add unnecessarily, occurs. ; ':ARnv ISLANDS.--At a recent meeting of0the Rosi? Geographical Society an interesting paper ?as read, describing the Arru Islands, a group in the Asiatic is Archipelago, situated forty miles to the south-west of New Guinea, and one hundred miles to the norti-e+st of the island of Timor, the length of the whole grdoup e being from north to south about one hundred and forty miles, and the average breadth thirty-five.. The different islands are small, rarely exceeding six or seven miles in circumference ; but so closely grouped that they appear, when viewed from a distaince, to form a continuous line 'of land ; they are hilly, but 'n not mountainous, and are, thickly inhabitedby a" po )f pulation, chiefly agricultural; they arealso the nt enti'epot for the productions' of the neighbouring te coasts and islands ; but the commercial intercourse is to chiefly confined to Chinese and native traders. Tor e,. toiseshell, bees'-wax, ambergris, birds of paiadise; edible birds'-nests, and Missay-bark (an'aromatic re 11 semblingcinnamon), are the chief exports. These ar d ticles are extremely valuable, and are found in greater quantities than in any other part of the world. The birds of paradise are especially beautiful and valuable, dand, from the numbers annually sent: to' Singapore; e, the stock would seem to be inexhaustiblb. Vaientyiid h a Dutch writer, who described the productions of the 'ni East in 1702, mentions seven varieties of this beau o tiful 'bird, some specimens reaching to thirty inches iu is length ; •they are in great demand for the maikets of Af Persia and'Arabia. The natives of the Arru Islands is appear to be a mixture of the woolly-headed negro of d New Guinea, and the brown-complexioned, straight haired race; they-are larger and ' more powerful than the Mlalays and Javanese, and. are noted for: their honesty and 'goiodtemper. They are chiefly, Pagans, g but some have been converted to Christianity, and 'a g fev to' Mahoimedanismn. Fresh provisions msay be n obtained in abundance;' 'thie- Dutch- possession at Ceram ij nearly dependant upoii the ArrulIslands foi a its 'supplies. The timber found upon .the islands is Sof good quality---it is :not ~teak, but is equally duraiile; , and better adapted for shiip-building, :ii'consequened of being much li jghter. The commercial capabilities II of tie Arrus and' the adjacent countries cannot be s, fully developed until an European settlement, with a' d free port, is' established in the eastern part-: of the Archipelagq.. Owing to the supineness of the colo nial authorities, the commerce of the western coast of Suinatra has been allowed 'to pass entirely ihto the ha liids of[American traders; had the British a settle ment on the northern 'coast of Australia, at Port Essington, or Raffle's Bay, which is only distant from the Arru Islands two hundred and fifty miles,' ii t, would, with' proper management, shoirily become the Semporium of European comnmerce for-this part of the e Archipelago; in the mean time our active and enter q prising rivals (thle Amiericans) are".reaping a rich I ) harvest inthis quarter. -Costituitional. c Phoo LRAwsFro I -.LAND.-E onIRATIoN.-Thec o qtuestion of:legislative.prov-ision for.the.poor of Irelahd is now` comirng so fully.ilefore the world, . and1 this session of Parliament being destined to complete some scheme for the relief of the miserable rhiiltit~ides'of n that unfortunate land, ,every isuiggestion becomes Sworthy of cons'deration-: Amongst the best of.the Spropositions whichhave recently been teeming from tihe.Press upon this niost iimportant subject,. is one from the pen of Mr. -Ward, 'the enlightened member s for St. Alban's, in the form of a pamphlet, in which, e that portion of the, question having reference to the f thinning of the numbers of:the unemployed population I of Ireland, by nmeans of a well-regulated system of P r emigratioi,is enforced' with the highest ability;'energy; .s ; and zeal.: .As the emigration of.. the surplus.ppula \- tion of Irelatid is assuredly the most beneficial mode of removing the distress, we trust that the honor- q able member will> persevere- in maturing. some 'scheme for' thus alleviating the miseries of. that most, unfortunate of all the countries .of the, earth. I:Tn the North. American colonies are vast bodies of land and I a field for millions and tens of millions of labourers re from the country at home; and if no other mode'be o 'available for conveying them to so appropriate a part p of therworld, then at once.let us have an annual vote n for the purpose, from the general taxes of the country. h at large. More money is annually expended in use- ti less public works, than' :would effectually provide 'for o the emigration of alli the; unemployed labourers and g their families. .We, therefore, recommend the House o of Commons to cut off. nine-tenths of the expenditure c of the public money upon roads, which are not re- a quired, and -upon canals, upon which there is nothing p to be conveyed, and to apply these grants to the pur- ri pose of 'enabling the unfortunate multitudes'of the w surplus population of Ireland, to escape from the. el horrors of their native land.-Constitutional. - t LONG CREDIT.-The ysteni of long credit, now soI prevalent, is infliciing' serious evils on all classes; it 'enable's the unprincipled to live beyond tlheir means, anidcheat and swindle the honest andcdnfiding trades man; it induces many to assume an appearance they have not fortune to support, get deeply into debt, and leave their families in poverty; it is often as injurious to the individual who takes long credit as the person who gives it, and it causes high prices, for those who discharge their debts regularly and honestly are too often made to pay for those who cheat and swindle' and do not mean to pay any body. ' 2 INDIAN VInT?E.-A marripd, woman, of the tj Shawanee Indians, made this lieautifiil're'ply to a man whom she met in the 'woods,'and who'mplored her to love and look on him. "' Oilanen, nmy hus- . band," said she, ?" who is for ever beforemy eyes, a hinders me from seeing you." . '. GHosTs.-The belief in the appearance of appa ritions has gradually vanished before the light of 'P knowledge, and the diffusion of sound principles of philosophy. By careful investigation we.are: now generally able to trace supposed supernatural, ap-. pearances to some physical cause, such as optical delusirdon or heated imagination, the result of excessive in stuiy pr mental excitement, . . th tTHE- NECESSITY OF WEEDINO.-A nbser vatiojn; . ' have made, in going through smiall'farms, is, the very little care taken to prevent the'spreaiding of the de structive wveed called coltsfoot.;.this is the first.' plant that comes into flour in -Spiing.;' you will .see the' blossomi in the land where-it' grows, before a leaf'is visible, and, in a short time, whilst the ground is still red, it, appears with a white tuft of down, on examin inr which, you will find a seed attached to each par tiele, lby which it is carried for miles over the coun ty, i:at that season, wheii the grob nd is ready prepared for its reception. . .It is by. the sowi'ng' of the seed in this way, that, this weed Is propagated"; for it makes, but- slow progress by the root, howeverdiffickult it may be to eradicate it, when it has once got: hold ot' the ground. This weed,,also, appears to'me to grow' spontaneously, where ~ the practice of: overwhelming, or. .burning the : surface:. .to :nake - ashes, prevails. There is another weed which I likewise see doing a great deal of, mischief,-1I mean ragweed. The quan tity 'ofliourishment it draws from the .ground, is shown by.this, that it will not grow ul~on bad land. In regard :to it, a nmost ridiculous notion prevails, which I, have frequentfy, found people possessed of who ought to know better,'namely,; that all the'nou rishinent it has :extracted' from the- soil: in its growth, is again' rethrned to it:in its decay, or in 'other wordsi that, after ripening the: seed, the sap descenids and' eniriches the earth, whidc is, therefore, "left nothing' the'worse., I 'see, also, the cutting" down -thistles wholly unattended to, and the'seed allowed to scatter, with" the most perfect indifference. In England, a farmer has been known to bring:an action against his neighbliour, for not cutting down'the thistles on his farm;, and he recovered damages without difficulty. I wish most sincerely, that here, where people seem to be as litigious 'as in any part of. the world, some one would set an exaniple.of punishing such wanton neg lect as takes place;,'th regard to' all the weeds I have alluded to. Thiistles are only biennial plants, and, therefore, if cut down for two'successiveyears, the supply of seed would be'destroyed. I see people employed for-whole days pulling up these out of their 6traps, when half an hour's' abour in cutting'do'wn thie parent I stocks, would liayv?'prevernted the young from ever -having, come into0?existence.-Blacker on the 'Cultivationof 'Small Farms. PoTATOn.s.--We woUld recommend, ays. sThe Ma.k Lane Express, those potatoes showing undoubted marks ofv egetation in the eyes, for, in many nnstances, thlosegood for table have been found worse than use less for seed, the vegetative principle being.destiroy6' We would prefer small and round, to large and doubtful, though we are not prepared to go the length of declaring; that large seed will give a, much smaller. crop. .We.are of opinion that more depends upon proper change of soil than difference in size, for in stance those grown upon heavyclay soil, will produce :more largely on light, and vice vers4. A correspon dent sowed last year on rich, deep, vegetable'. garden .mould, potatoes of the seedling .kind, reared. :on two different'sails, the one light, friable1 and nearly of the quality tof thit 'about: to b plplnted ; the other- a stiff l.ay- :soil'; these.el of the former. was larger, and, to ;the-eye, decidedly! superior, but when they..rop: came Ltioibe raised; the produce from the latte:k was more ithan double the former. ':Farmers.by:aittending to' this proper alternation of soils, mighlit as effectually renew their seed potatoes as by ,gting to great dis tances, as they sometimes do for that purpose; parti cularly when they cannot ascertain the description of soil on which'their far-fetched seed was reared. An 'experimental farmer on the estate of: the Marquis of Downshire declares he has not gone beyond his own farm for seed for the last fourteen years. His plan for 'preventing degeneraicy being the diversity of soil, and 'sowing cuttings of what he calls the rose eiid onily; ,the remaining part of the potatoe, as lie generally cuts off the larger when intending to renew his seed, is quite as:valuable for pigs and cattle as before. This ibde he has invariably pursued, 'and. with 'uniform success. :: s OYSTER-SHELL PARASITE.-- The Cynthia: Papillata, which is found 'adhlering to oyster-shells, resembles in appearance a: grape. The construction f. this delicate creature is equally beautiful" and sur prising. Although so minute, it has respiratory organs, nerves, blood-vessels, and a heart developed in the :highest'state of perfection. T'lihe lungs are'placed at the bottom of 'a'cavity,, into which there are two openings, they are covered by net-work, whose meshes glve off hlpairy spiculse, 'which serve an' important office in':the animal's economy ; they arein a state of constant vibration, and cause the water which enters at ·one:.orifice :to flow:out at the other; as the current passes through two 'distinct changes take place, respi ratory !organs absoirb atmospherie air from the water, while the vessels of the mouth retain, as food, what ever animalculmse or mucilaginious substances 'may be coritained in' the fluid. PHnoS'PHOuREscNT LIGHTS :iN THE OcBAN.-Ther Pry'!Posoma ,:Gigantiurn, an inhabitant of tropical seas, Well known, to iiriners on account ofthe'phosph'lio. rscent Itght .which it emits wheu the waters of the ocean are at rest. This' animal is of a tube-like farm and perfectly transparent, with numerous papilla, projeein!g horizontally. from its sides ; it possesses si milar respiratory functions to the Cynthta Papillata, aind lijr n an admirable hydraulic arrangementisenabled torshoot:iup to theo.surface ot the water, the motive principle;:the ejection downwards being the same as. that- which causes: the sky-rocket to 'ascend through the lighter medium of the atmosphere. ADVICE T' T?fl AoE.--lf the appetite fail, or the stoiadh' be' oppressed after meals, itake more air' arid iexerclse. Lamb, veal, pig, chicken, and tame rabbit,? are excellent ;. and out' 'of i these, if there were no otlier,' a tolerable management miay prdduce a sufficient variety. NO aged person should eat'more than one meal of solid fbod in'the day. -'.T.he stomach wild managen a dinier, wheis n:breakfast and supper have been light. :Apples may,be kept the whole year riound 6ybeing immiersed in' corn, ihich receives p!o injury f$om their contat.~·' i i.M?-:Mi Cnoss.as Iwrs-ETs:-Professor 'Bucklatrid h5s' . received a communication from Mdr. Crosse, deta'lin g the' results'of sbome new experiments, by wich lii, succeeded in obtaining 100 more animals of the Same description as those obtained by previous experi, ments. Oni a piece of rvolcanie slag, connected uat, both ends: with electrical, wares; a: fluid containin g silex and muriatic acid was-.dropped. .The animal soon after their formation, were washed off the slag, ,into a woodei fiihnel beneath. The same kind of animals were formed without. the muriatic acid, but nbone appearedwhen 'the power of electricity was withdrawn. They were supposed :t first to be infu soria, similar to those discovered' by the microscopic observationsof Ehrenberg, hut they have been deter: mined by'naturalists in London to belong to a much ,higher order, resembling very closely the well))-known. acari which inrfest cabinets, excepting that they have no hairs on them. .Dr. Buckland, however, ug.' . gesled that the hairs might have adhered to the gum? employed in sticking them: on to the card, or might ' have been rubbed pff by -friction in their carriage .to London. -Athenie . RECIP'E FOR'+ DESTROYING LANTs'.-A merchant. whose warehouses were infested by those destructive. insects, remarked on a sudden that they had deserted one -particular room; and observation having con. vmeied: hiim tha' tat the circumstance was caused by a' ,bariel 6f fislh oil 'which` had been placed there, he tried the experiment of placing,some of the oil' round. the plants in his garden,i!hen he found it produceethe effect of driving the, ants from.the place in a few hours.--French Paper. . l INDIA-RUBBER FIRE-HOSE. — An interesting experi- ment recently took place on board the powerful float- ing engine belonging to the London. Assurance Corpo- ration, in the presence of the directors, to ascertain the strength of a newly-invented hose made of caout- chouc or India-rubber. A length of leather hose and one of India-rubber were attached to the engine, each furnished with a branch tightly corked. On working the engine for a short time the leather hose, unable any longer to resist the accumulated pressure, burst in the solid part of the leather, while the India- rubber hose remained firm and uninjured ; and the engine itself became disabled by the breaking of one of its cranks, without producing any effect upon the elastic material of which the new hose was constructed. TiNCTVRE OF LEMON-P:EEI.-A very easy 'ahind .economical way of obtaining and preserving thefla'.' vour of -emon- peel is to fill a 'wide-mouthed pint-;-, .bottle half full of brandy, and when you usea lemon ?', pare the rind off very thin, and put it into the brandy in a fortnight it will have strongly impregnated the?-'i spirit with the flavour; 