REVIEWS. Peter Parleys Tales qf sNatural, History-Tales about Europe, Asia,\ Africa, and America.-*-¿çndon, Tegg. # Co's. i I The wisdom ,of the wise, according to¡ their own estimation, frequently develops itself in the mingled expression of sneers i and ridicule when they happen to meet any of those httle books which are design ed to convey instruction to the youthful mind ; we are far however from thinking this either becoming, or consistent with the character which ,tHey "pretend to. The same spirit which exults in the freedom p£ the mindernd! ¡pen from ex-i r Í i in ternal restraints, which rejoices that it is released from tyrant influence, will rejoice when knowledge "is so polishedj relieved from its obscurities, and rendered facile in the acquisition to the juvenile capacity. It is no less a triumph of mind when it is released from inherent, than when from external, difficulties. The ace in winch we live is equally re- markable for the' wide extent of literary influence, as for the grandeur and subli- mity of its discoveries, ; by the cheapness of magasines, by institutions^ by works, adapted to every degree of mental cul- tivation,. ,by each and all of these means. Knowledge is proved to be released from a cloistered state and open to the recep- tion of every man and every age. This is agreeably shewn in children's books and the vast improvements upon their former character, whereas, Tom Thumb, Cinderella, Blue-Beard and such trash used to constitute the sole fund of juvenile reading; whilst natural history, as well as the history of ones own country was a dead letter because written in a style not easily understood, now, the wonders of Nature, of Science, and of Art, as well as all the bearing of great events in human history, are made plain to the understanding of children by clothing them in a different and more engaging style of writing. The benefits resulting from this, are incalculable, our early reading leaves a deep and abiding im- pression; it form's f in many cases the future taste oí "the individual for ever, as surely as the feeding of the mind with tales of ghosts and fairies would impart to it superstitution and insignificence, so does the exercising it upon serious, and important subjects communicate strongth and greatness. These observations have been called foith by au examination of tbiee little books which have been sent to us by the publisher for review and which we conscientiously and warmly recommend to all who desire to foster in their children a love of such knowledge as will be interesting to them now, and useful at a later period in theil* lives. We will give one or two extracts from one of the volumes before us, to afford an idea of its character and contents. After desciibing the Elephant, the countries in which it Í3 found, &c.; Some interesting anecdotes are given illustrating its saga- city and habits-we select the following. .' An Elephant had been revenged on his cornac, or leader, by killing him. The wife of the Cornac, who witnessed the catastrophe, took her two children, and threw them at the feet of the still furious animal, saying, " since thou has killed my husband, take also my life, and that of my children." The Elephant stop- ped short, grew calm, and as if he had been mo\ ed by regret and compassion, took with his trunk the largest of the two children, placed it on his neck, adopted him foi his comae, and would have no other leader."-Natural History. " Some yean since, a parrot in Breton, that had been taught to whistle in the manner of calling a dog, was sitting in his cage at the door of a shop. As he was exercising himself m this kind of whistle, a large dog happened to be passing; the animal, imagining that he heard the coll of his master, turned suddenly about and ran toward the cage of the parrot. At this critical moment, the bird exclaimed vehemently, *' Get out, you brute." The astonished Jdog hastily retreated, leaving the parrot to enjoy the joke."-Riid. Sin,-The parties to whom the following anecdote refers, will, probably, be recognised by some of jour readers, and in "allowing it to occupy a portion of jour columns you will oblige, "a friend to peace and good order" and A WELL-WISHER. HUMANF Ahn HONORABLE CONDUCT OF AN OFFICEB. " But these Stand at atioth» r bar than that of Law." liiere are, many instances of Gentlemen, who regardless of the trammels 'that the supposed laws of honour have fixed upon society, havo been jealous of their honour, and courageous enough to defend it, j et never ambitious for a duel ; men, who w ith a giant's power, ha\ e not used it as a giant. One of those was a Mujor Ho-y, a gentleman who had been en- gaged in five or six duels, without ever having been the challenger, and who was so expert in the use of pistols, that he would hit- a bottle at the distance of twenty paces, or extinguish a candle with a bullet at half that distance. This gentleman, while in quarters with his regiment in England, had one day at the mess table given offence to a young officer ; lately joined nom a high mettled corps, which at that time went, in the army, by the name of the "Elegant Extracts," their motto being " Aucto Splen dore Resurgo." . (There is one officer in this colony, who will at once recognise his fine old corps by this description) who conceiving his honour injured, instantly challenged tlie Major. Major Ho-y asked the officer if he had ever fought a duel, or if he was a good shot ; and being answered in the negative, he said, suppose we practise a little before our meeting to-morrow morning. Then calling for his pistols, the whole party adjourned into the yard of the Inn, where they were quartered. A wine bottle was placed at the distance of twenty paces, Majot Ho-y took his pistol and shattered it to pieces, then turning to the officer, he said, "Now, Sir, I am ready io give you satisfaction, to have accepted your challenge after the know- ledge of my own skill and your inexperience, would not have been consistant with that honour of which, I trust, I entertain as delicate a sense as yourself." The young officer thanked him for his frankness, and observing, that he could not believe that a gentleman, who could act thus nobly, could be guilty of an intentional offence, declared himself perfectly satisfied ; while the conduct of Major Ho-y endeared him to his brother officers and friends-one of whom is » the writer of this article. SHIPWRECK.-It becomes our painful duty this week to report the unfortunate loss of the barque Isabella, Captain John Hart, belonging to this port, which vessel sailed from George Town for the Gulf St. Vincent, about the 25th ultimo, freighted with live and dead stock for the new South Australian settlement. The information afforded us of the loss of the vessel by Mr. John Jones Peers, a passenger on board, is to the following effect :- The Isabella had on board about twenty-five souls, including the passengers, of whom were two females, and two children. One of the' females was on her way to join her husband at Kangaroo island, the other the wife of Mr. Peers, and his two children. The Isabella, in working out of this Harbour, struck slightly upon the middle ground, but received no injury, and she proceeded on tor voyage. The weather continued fine, when on the afternoon of the first instant, land was seen to the northward which the Captain (in consequence of some injury done to his chronometers, and being obliged to work by dead reckoning), felt doubt- ful whether it was the Lady Julia Percy Island ior the land about Cape Nelson; accordingly he shaped a course that would clear the vessel from danger with a proper look out, which, report says, was not done. Very much blame is said to be deserved by the mate, whose watch it was at night, when the vessel struck upon the bold cliff of Cape Nelson, but that person not being upon the spot to explain his conduct, we refrain from farther observation on it. At the time the Isabella's jib boom was shivered against the cliff of Cape Nelson, she was going about four knots through the water with studding-sails set. The concussion brought the Captain on deck, who, on noticing the awful situation of the vessel, ordered the jolly boat to be lowered; the sea, however washed it out of the tackles, when the long boat was cleared, and fortunately whip over the side without accident. The crew and passengers succeeded, (many of them in almost a state of nudity), in getting her clear of the vessel, and reaching in her with a pair of oars, on the morning of Sunday, the settlement of Messrs Henty's, at Portland Bay, about 13 miles distant, where we understand they experienced the greatest kindness from Mr. Stephen Henty and his lady, who afforded them every accom- modation, in the way of clothing and refresh ments. The stock on board were healthy and doing well until the accident took place, two or three sheep only having died, and one bullock being sickly. The preservation of the lives on board, says our informant, was miraculous, and to the presence of mind of Captain Hart, and the orderly conduct of the crew, must it be attri- buted. Nothing was wanting in energy on the part of the Commander during the trying scene The Eagle brought some of the crew and passengers from Portland Bay to Launceston on Thursday last. 