AEROSTATION.— SHOCKING ACCIDENT On Monday afternoon his serene Highness the Duke Charles of Brunswick accompanied Mrs. Gra- ham in her 15th ascent with her splendid new balloon from the Flora Tea Gardens, Bayswater, on which occasion the gardens were crowded by a highly respectable company. The early hour of two o'clock having, by the especial desire of His Serene Highness, been appointed for the ascent, the process of inflation commenced as early as eight o'clock ; but the supply of gas not being so plentiful as was anticipated, the ascent was delayed until near four o'clock. About half-past one o'clock His Serene Highness arrived at the gardens, accompanied by several gentlemen of his suite. Four of his servants in livery carried an extremely large cloak, a telescope, a scarlet flag, and a large umbrella. At twenty minutes to four o'clock Mrs. Graham stepped into the car, followed by His Serene Highness, who at first exhibited slight symp- tons, of trepidation, but in a few seconds he recovered his self-possession, and ordered the ballast to be re- moved, which having been done, the balloon rose majestically amidst the cheers and wavings of hats of the persons assembled, who, including the crowd on the outside of the gardens, must have amounted to upwards of ten thousand persons. The balloon pro- ceeded very steadily in a north-easterly direction, in which it continued so long as it remained in sight, a period of not more than twenty minutes, when it entered a dense cloud. In effecting the descent, which took place on the farm of Mr. Amor, at Dod dinghurst, near Brentwood, in Essex, an accident occurred, by which Mrs. Graham was nearly killed on the spot. From the flippant statement of this Serene Duke, whose serenity seems to have been rather disturbed by his voyage — it would appear that the balloon was coming down too rapidly, that Mrs. Graham mounted on the seat, holding by the ropes which attach the car to the balloon, and that by her directions he did the same ; but when the car struck the earth, he was thrown out from the height of about eighteen feet, and Mrs. Graham fell from a still greater height. Mr. Graham, who was on the spot soon after the accident, gives the following different version of the transaction : — When the balloon des- cended it was blowing a sharp breeze. The Duke of Brunswick immediately got out of the car with perfect .safety. The loss of his weight caused the balloon to ascend suddenly, and the grappling-iron tore away from the hedge which Mrs. Graham hoped had been secure, and catching in the bank caused a jerk, which threw her out upon the ground from a height of several feet ; this was attributable to her great anxiety respecting the Duke, whom she was looking at, fearing that the grappling-iron would strike him, and standing in the car without taking hold of the lines. I am happy to say that no bones are broken, and that she is in a fair way of recovery.' Mrs. Graham had been for some time in a delicate state of health and enceinte. She ought not to have been, permitted to make an aerial voyage even alone ; but that a lady in such a state should be troubled not only with the management of a balloon, but with the care of a Serene Duke into the bargain, was a great deal. too. bad. A gentleman, who is conversant with aerostation, attributes the accident entirely to the Duke of Brunswick quitting the car, which caused the balloon to jerk and ascend with velocity ; and that the accident would, in all probability, have been prevented, had His Serene Highness had been more experienced in such matters. When he entered the Flora garden, he exhibited great trepidation, and pale- ness. Mrs. Graham was, on Wednesday, so far recovered as to be enabled to speak, but with great difficulty ; and in her present delicate condition it is deemed imprudent to fatigue her by pressing for a description of the circumstance. The balloon, the loss of which would be ruinous to Mr. Graham, he having been under an engagement to ascend from Cheltenham, was only manufactured at the com- mencement of June last. It consisted of 842 yards of silk, which cost upward of :£150. The colours were crimson and white, in alternate stripes, of which there 32 of the length of 78 feet each, and 42 inches wide. On Wednesday intelligence arrived that the balloon had been discovered in a by-road, about thirty miles from the spot where the Serene Duke and Mrs. Graham descended. On the same day the un- fortunate lady was delivered of a dead child. She was then considered to be in imminent danger. On Friday afternoon it wns reported that Mrs. Graham was dead, but on enquiry at her house in Poland street, we ascertained that it was unfounded, and that on that morning a turn took place for the better. At about 12 o'clock, the balloon, parachute, the Duke of Brunswick's great coat, telescope, and umbrella, arrived, at the residence of Mr. Graham in a cart, when an immense crowd of persons assembled on the spot anxious to obtain a sight of the machine. The balloon was so considerably injured that it will take some time to repair it, and there is a question whether it can be prepared in time for Mr. Graham's promised ascent on Wednesday next, at Cheltenham. The. top is completclely cut and torn, and does not appear to have been injured by the fall or descent ; it appears that when it descended a great number of persons assembled and tore it about, and it is inferred from its appearance that parties cut pieces from it through curiosity, or the satisfaction of having a piece of the balloon in their possession. Mrs. Graham, it appears, is 32 years of age, and has a family of seven children, the eldest twelve years of age, and the youngest, two years and four months. Extraordinary Occurrence at Brentford. — On Monday the town of Brentford was thrown into a state of the greatest excitement by an occurrence, the most marvellous heard of for many years, of which the following are the particulars :— : Mr. Wilson, the master of the New Brentford National School, on his arrival at the school-home (which is situated in the haw in the rear of the church) on Monday morning, was informed by some of his neighbours, that on the previous evening (Sunday) lights had been observed moving about in the school- room. On entering the building he was much astonished to find the boys' slates (about eighty in number) spread all over the floor, the whole of which were, on the Sunday evening pre- vious left, hanging up in the school-room. Mr. Wilson, however, attached little importance to the circumstance, but about nine o'clock, shortly after prayers had been read, two of the boys, who had been into the yard at the.back of the school-house, came running into the room, their countenance de- picting the extreme of fright, exclaiming they had seen a ghost. Mr. Wilson at first refused to listen to their tale, but finding them persist in their state- ment, he questioned them very closely on the sub- ject, when they stated that, as they were crossing the yard towards the school-room door, they ob- served a tall object, attired in a white robe, moving towards them from the further end of the yard. When they got to the school-room door they ven- tured to look back, when one of them saw the object enter a small building on the left side of the yard, used as a coal-shed, but the other declared it must have vanished, as upon looking round he could see nothing of it. Both agreed it had neither shoes nor stockings on, nor any covering on its head. Mr. Wilson for some time, treated the affair as a chimera of the boys' imagination, but about an hour afterwards he was much alarmed by a loud shrieking at,the end of the school-room, nearest the door lead- ing to the yard, close to which is a trap.door leading to a cellar about four feet in height, which has been excavated under tho school-room flooring for the purposes of ventilation. On reaching the spot he found the boys much terrified, and was informed by them that the trap-door had been lifted up by the same being the two boys had stated they had seen in the yard. Mr. Wilson, considering the clrcum- stancesi if true, most extraordinary, took ten of the boys who had asserted their observance of the fact, and placing them in different parts of the school- room; desired them to describe in writing what they had seen, at the same time placing three other boys to watch the trap- door. When the boys had com- pleted their description Mr. Wilson compared their statements together, when to his great surprise, he found eight of them agreed In every particular, and in a few minutes afterwards the boys placed on watch shouted out, ' Here, here, master !' ,and at the same moment the whole of the boys uttering simultaneous scream, rushed out of the school room into the street, followed, it is reported, by the master. The report of a ghost having taken possession of the school house, spread like wild-fire through the town, and in a short time the building was sur- rounded by hundreds of persons. The boys having informed Mr. Wilson the reason of their screaming, was their again seeing the trap door raised, and a wet stick shook at them by the same mysterious being, that gentleman proceeded to the Savings'. Bank, where he narrated the whole cir- cumstance, to Colonel Clltherow, the chairman of the Bench of Magistrates, who immediately accompanied Mr. Wilson to the school house, when on examina- tion tho trap-door was found fastened down. Mr. Winckworth, a carpenter, was then sent for, on whose arrival a large portion of the flooring was taken up, and several boys and men descended with . candles into the cellar beneath, which extends the whole length of the building. After groping about for some time, they found a cap (which is reported to have contained a quantity of hair), and a pocket handkerchief marked C. T., but they could not find any trace of the being stated by the boys to have been seen by thom. The bottom of the cellar was covered by wet mud, at least six inches deep, but too soft to have retained foot marks. Search was after- wards made throughout the yard, which is surrounded by a wall upwards of ten feet high, the coal-shecl, &c;, but nothing was found to elucidate the mystery in which the whole affair is at present involved. The cellar has no communication with the outside but by the trap-door in the schoolroom. Throughout Tuesday, the excitement was, if any thing, increased, crowds from, the adjacent villages coming to view the place, and but few of the boys ventured to enter the school room, those few being compelled to go by their parents. The township authorities and the magistrate have adopted every means in their power to unravel the mystery and to find out who the mysterious stranger is. 