VN THE. MAI1'NATION O TEIE INSANE.': Of'al th'e-iowers' of the hdiniiin mind the imaginatin" .appears to be the most subje t to injury. The fantastic illusions and-ideal-transformations, which are by far .the moat frequent forms of mental de range nent, are=-solely ascribable to lesions of this faculty. .The dharacter. of Madge Wildfire; so 'admirably drawn by Sir Walter Scott, i1 sicar elyibtdrior to that ofphelia in the boldnest-of- its, outline And truth of- its colouring. The previous bias of ihe mind was different, the station" in life, the re dinement of education, the delicac y of sen timent, were all on the ai4e of Ophelia; though we .find, as is commonly the case with the insane, that this delicacy is in a. measure .removed, and Opihelia the dis traught., speaks bolllyofthat passion which Ophelia the sane would hardly have dared to unmask to the moon. The history of Madge Wildlire, previous -to her derangement, is well known to all who biave read. It, is well exemplified' in 'some-of Madge's ditties.: I'ds Madgeof thecountrv,i'm Madge of the town. I'm Madge of the lad, I'm blithest to own; The lady of Beaver in diamonds miay shine, But has nota Jieat half so happy a§ mine. I'm queen of the wake, and I'm lady of May, And I lead the blithe ring round the Mvay pole to The -fire that dances so fair and so free, Was sievet' so bright or so bonnie as me. Bred at a distance from. the court, and in an obstiure vil'aige,-the imagination o Maudd `"w riderfo1y ktdttp's itself to the eir ctumstancea of her previous life. Had she been .accustomed to society of a higher order, she would probably have fancidd herself a royal queen,- but the fancy hav ing no materials of this kited to work upon, she exalts herself to that dignity which, in rurat sport, is generally awarded to the most 'beautiful. The tenor of all -this maninc't historj strictly accords with the illustrat ion I hbve "given of it; b'ti her death-bed scene is 'one of the most feeling that. the pen of the narrator or his., torian ever sketched. All' the wanderings of Madge's partially restored mind upon her sick bed, centre in her approaching 'death, aid' 'the whole of the portions of -old ballads colltcted in her'roving and de eultory life, bear upon this point. Oitir work is over, over now; The goodman wipes his weary brow, The last long wain winds slow away, And we' are free to sport and play; The night comes on, when sets the sun, And labour ends when day is done; Wieat ausuuin'd gone and whiter's come, We hold our jolly harvest home. 'The nrext snatches are extremely pa 'th-tic, and indicate a greater degree of consciousness than was exhibited by the former. Memory 'assumes more power, and the poor maniac looks back with sor tow and shame at thie crimes and misfor tunes of her past life, and her once happy home-contrasts it with her present situa. tion as an outcast on the bed of charity; rind prophecies that an evil and sudden termination of exiltence must attend the author of-all her mniseries Cold Is my bed, Lord Archibald, And sad my sleep of sorrow; But thine shall be as sad and cold, My false true love to'morrow. And weep ye not my maidens' tree, Tho'death your mistress borrow; or he for tvhotn I die to dly Shall die for me to-morrow. Her last words relate to her burial, which-a strange mixture of ideas confuse with a welding :. 'tell me, thou bonnie bird, Whin shall I marry me? Wiaes'uki braw tentlenten Kirkward shall carry ye. 'foin makes the'bridle bed'?' Birdie; say tthly; The.grey headed sexton, That delves the grave truly. S Th'e glow-wornm o'er gravestbne, 'Shall light there steady * The owl, froan the steepl sing Welcome, proud lady1 The blnid of the person predisposed to saania, is seldom compl'etely disnrga, 14ed' 'withoidt klhe occurrence of some strong snental Impression addressed immediately, 'to itself-as inordinate grief for the loss of irii~nds'dir property, disajapolnmed ambition, "remorse, woke, " soul- stifling fear," or *" heart-sicketning shame."' The approach. . of the 'attack is sensible to many, and is 'inaly described by Lear : My'wlts'begin to turn. 'Come on, my boy. How dost, boy ? art cold ? 'I'm cold myself. Where is the strdw, my fellow ? 'The art of our necrassites 1s stranee 'That can make vile things precious. Come, your hovel. Poor fool and knave, I've one string In my heart, That's sorrow yes for slhce. The maniac lives' an isolated being in the :morill and physical world which surrounds 'him. $'he ideas and images which his 'inagination forms, are without order or .connection, contlntially reproduced by new impreshions, anld'ht'once fading frdm the trndry; and, like the imnpression of a -.eal'upon the wave, leaving no trace behind .them. Hie is incaipable of distinguishing 'the propertieil or nature of things; but. .carried away by ideas which are produced from iiMenmory, 'he contouhds time and :plttcc, fancies himself in distanit countries, -and takes the gtreatcst strangers for his Irost intimate triends : he creates the most absttrd pictures, holds the most ridi *culous *cotnversatloni, and nnites in onc 'g'ra'd mionument of folly, the stlblinme, the absurd, the monstrous, the ho; rible, and the pathetio. The equilibrium betivecn antoal ~and present perception, and tbc <4deas whuich mnemory furnishes, is destroy -ed; and the activity of the imnagnation is ,*so great, 'that it 1)rescpts to' him in their * pristine and original colours, scenes 'which *liave been long Ipnet. * Ala1ly of these point. tre ill~ustrated by '4he con~versations of Lear, luring his 'ptt '5-oxystsu. tf maiiail. Ull discourses withI .-ilktcd 'I'm during the tenipest-" first let meo talk with this philosopher. What is "the kau's 'of thtuntler T'-unnd again, ~' 1'd Rapdutk 'a 'word with this' most lernized I'J'i$:an." ,Perhaps the, mastar-'attoke 'in this part of the .pl.:y is the fancied trial of Regan and= 'snerif frr thfair .ingra t~tude, and'bigl festherit of htievasgabond cbmpaniogis -nd the disguled' Kent, with the appuirtenances- belongin&"to the i allmiinistrdtoirs of justice. Thus Lear I; shall be done, I will arraign them straight: Co ret, sit thou here, most learned j uetieer; Thou, sapient sir, sit here. Now, you she foxes ! Again - 4I11 see their trial frst:-=faring in the-evideiice.- lhntd robed man of justice, takdethy place: 4nd thou, his yoke-trllow of equity, liench by his bides-Yon are of the commission, Sit you too." Arraign her first"'tis'Gonewil.. t here take my, oath, betore this honourable assembly, she kicked the poor king her father, Aind here's another, hose. warp'd looks proclaim What store her heart is made u(t-Stop her thiere! A rms, arms, sword, firel-Corruptiou.i the place! Pulse ,nsticer, why has thou let her tapp? This utter chaos of the imagination is Highly descriptive of the mental iimgery of the. maniac; -so wild, so wandering, 'occasionally so absurd,, and again so nat . ratl and patheti:as in this speech ; 6' Let them anatomise Regan, and see- what breeds about-her heart. Is there any cause in nature that makes thise, hard heart,?" The matlut*'s isnaginatlon surrounds himt with kngels and.demons; he holds conver satiolas with them, promises them obedi ence, flies from their fancied denunciations and horrible forms, and conducts himself ats thongh his chiamber or his cell were actually peopled by the beings that exist merely in his imiagination. An unfortu nate beintr, under this vari~ty of mental derangement, fancied that he saw devils constantly about him; and one day rushed upon a party of visiters as upon a legion of demons. Another, during the day, was generally.ratiquil, but, at night, .fancied himself s"Tinneled by ghosts and plian tonis. At different times he had imaginary ciife~reifes with good and had angels,; aad, aecordintg to the respective intluences of these delusions, he was inhl or furioiu3 inclined to acts of benefi'sence, or roused to deeds of ferocity. This feature.ol the imagination of the maniac has not escaped the penetration of some of the Greek pdoes, who were exrensely partial to illus trations of matness, and fund of peopling the diseased -minds of the guilty maniacs, ant pursuing their footsteps with the furies. The finesit example of this, per haps, in the whole range of Greek litera ture, is that wonderful scene in the Orestes o- Eurijiides, where the madness of Orestes for the murder of his mother, Clytemnes tra, is represented: Ah! mother. do not set thy furies on me; See how their fiery eyeballs glare In bloid ! - And wreathing snakes hiss in their horrid hair! There, there they stand ready to leap unon mte.. Oh! Phtobus they will kill me; these dire forms, These gorgon- viaan'd ainisters of.hell! Off! let me lut-1 know thee, who thou art, One of the furies, and thou grappleit with me To whirl tme into Tartatus.-Avannt! Our mental health altogether depends on the regtilatichn of the imagination. Most mi-n, from natural -tendency, from peculiar turn of mind, at first determined by chance and confirmed by education, are apt to take up some leading idea, and to foster it to the prejudice of their judgment. When this is the child of passiop, the rase becomes of a more serious churneter, since our passions, rather than our literary or scientific pursuits, enclihin the subordinate faculties of the mind, makinig the whole of these faculties subservient to one go verning and absorbing power. Ambition, desire of fame, fear, love, and anger, are those from whom we have,. perhaps, most to fear. It is, in many instances, the un. limited indulgence of one of those, which lays the foundation for that pre'disposition to'insanity; without which it seldom occurs. rhe Imagination itself, when continually bent towards one point, and limited to one set ol idesas, whether of a pleasing or of a gloomy character, may become perma nently exalted, and produce a partial aliena tion of mind, which the lifting of a finger or the shaking of a straw, may precipitate into an abyss ofincurable, mania. Uni form study,' or unremitting -manual' or mental application to one subject-espe-; cia'lf if this be p'ursued *with the ardour common to many minds- not sufre.e quently Wecars a track in the brain, down which the imagination r-uphes with des-' trac tive violence. TIhe great object in the~ regulation of mental sanity, is, to direct this single streamt into many smaller chan (ne1l, whibh, 'by their uinifortm and gentle motion, will visit antI strengthen aill the mental powers, instead of concentrating their whole force in one, which, from the violerice sand impetuosity of its career, m'ests not till it'haa irucluded all in one gen eral wreck. ': AL Sarragcmssa, in Spain, thiere is ant asylutm,'for the 'insane ~of'all countries. Tlhe liatients are divided, early in the morning, into parties, some of which per torm the menialioffices of the house; 'others repair to shops belonging to their reswect ive trades: the majority are distributed, tunder the superintendence of their guards. thurough a large enclosure, where they are occupied in the works belonging to gar dening and agriculture. Unitrirm exper ience is said to prove the efficacy ot these labours in reinstating reason in its seat. It is added that the nobles who live i.a the same asylum, h'ut in a state of idleness 'suited to thelr rank, retain 'their lunacy and their privilege together; whilst tt:eir inferiors arie resfored 'to tlietselves and to society."* 'Ihis fact is so striking, ex plains so ihor'oughly Ihe stn'ral treattment of insanity, and ,lltuscrates so clearly: what ought to be the plan pdopted in all systems of eductition, that I make the )stdtement without comment--sInce no 'argument can add to its weight, arid nio scaphistry detract from its utlllty.-Ilohn #iae AnaI&fl;* 