ffio tl)t 3EUitov. Sib— At a time when the rights or the Esta. blished Church, viewed in conucxion with those orthc Dissenters, have become the subject of almost general disquisition, the mind (however unwillinglylis irresistably induced to make com parisons between the conduct of those members of the one and the other, whose practice is in accordance with, ordiamclricallyopposed to the doctrine which they preach. In so doing. I am incliucd to belicve.-that the Episcopale'' sup porter will be compelled to acknowledge a dis parity not at all advantageous to his cause. I have now in view, a Divine. ? * ? * Compare ^liis con duct, for a moment, with that of Bonic of our. issenting Minister!, whose liven nre one con tinued and practical illustration of the desire to be found, ' good and faithful servants !' JiCt any one listen to the discourse of any one of them, and mark the difference between the energetic delivery of a man duly impressed with the conviction, (hat iie is even then, perhaps, the humble instrument in the hands of God, to heal the ' bruised reed,' or '? kindle the smoking flM'^and then listen to the apathetic draw) of tome of our Episcopa lcan Parsons, and having to done, let liim reflect on the difference of encouragement (in a worldly paint of view) afforded to the exertions of the one and the other. Surely, Mr. Editor, the time is fast approacliing.when supcistition shall no longer enslave the minds of men to a belief, that the mere fact or staying a time at college is all that is required to fit a nun to be the ad vocate of his Maker ! or that the gift or (he Holy Ghost must necessarily accompany the cassock. The letter of the Archdeacon, lately published, carries with it evidence of a feeling which ill becomes a member of the Church of Chrirt ; the intolerant spirit for which the Epis copalean Fathers have always been distinguished is but ill concealed ; whilst reading it, some lines occurred to me, originating with an author whose name I have forgotten, and although I am far from anticipating to the full extent, the fulfilment of the prophecy which they contain, yet the conduct of tome of our Episcopal digni taries would make the coutummation not at all to be regretted ; they are as follows : — ' The time shall come, when Priestcraft shall be hurl'd like a rank weed from every jiolished clime, And Priests shall ba the mockery of the world, As they have been its curse and cause of crime. The Hag of supcistition sliall be furl'd, And sink detested in the wave of time '.' I think, Mr. Editor, you 'ill admit, that their perusal cannot be very gratifying to the feelings of some ' Parsons,' but I hope they may have the beneficial tendency of convincing all of (he necessity of conceal ng the cloven foot a little more, lot society should with one accord, shake off the trammels^ of su perstition, and let these '? Fathers in God' tee tlml patience, however great, miiy be at length exhausted, accompanied by the imbitteiing re flection, tlmt their own misconduct has accele rated their doom. In conclusion. I beer toosflurc you, that I have no invidious feeling towards any persons, liuc.on the coutraty, trust, that tlic present rcmniks may be sanctified to the good of all. — I am. Sir, your obedient tervant, No Enemy to Religion. 