THE BEAUTIES OFi POPERY.,, .TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. January 20, 1837. SIn,-If you judge the folloivifig extract is cal culated to arm the minds of: our colonial popu lation, against the profane absurdities of the Apostate Church of Rome, you are at liberty to give it a corner in your valuable paper, when convenient. I am induced .to communicate it to you. for public perusal; knowing ihat many of our com munity are not aware to what an enormous de gree,'that apostate Church is cpajible oflpriofanely exhibiting the most'sacred things of the divinely inspired.Word, as acts, of divine worship. .I con-. sider such profanation to" be the masterpiece of Satan; and to have an enchanting influence over the,unsiuspecting and carnal mind of man. I know several individuals of this colony; who are strangely:biased in: favour of the service at'St. Mary's,; from the pompous and "anti-scriptural worship exhibited at that place, notwithstanding their education, as well.is fmiily, are of tlie Pro testant persuasion: The extractis made from a very popular and. respectable work, con.ducted by men of real worth, for piety and erudition. 'A description of the manner in which was kept, 'a feiw years ago; what thle Roman, Catholics call,'Corpus :Chiisti Day, aValencia, in Spain:-The daywa ushered in by violent ringing of bells, and the streets iwere'thronged:with people of all ranks in their gala?? clothes, and many ,in masquerade dresses. In the'; cathedral were a number of gigantic and ridiculous': figures opposite to the Saints, and were carried in the:: same procession. The church was filled withpeoplb the sacrament exposed on the altar, the'canons in?,e chair, habited in purple soutans and hoods, sung to i noble organ, assisted by a powerful band of other: instruments. The archbishop presided; small pro. cessions kept moving to the cathedral, carrying the:r images of the different parish churches and convents; to the general rendezvous. Every house had .`it saints new dressed, and placed jin copspicuooi~ situations. : The soldiers with difficulty made a passage: througi": the crowd for the triumphal cars... The first con;i tained a representation of the Trinity, and of Adamn and Eve expelled'from -Paradise. Between these effiges, ,a set of boys danced with. hoops and bells,`' The second had the Virgin, the third Faith ; th' fourthl Saint Vincenrt, by whoseinterposition Valencia, is supposed to have been delivered from the Moors; the fifth, Saint Michael, and thesixth the Devil,,whºhiad'F different accompaniments from the rest. O is stage the Seven Mortal Sins were represented by inmasis the foremost among them was Fornication,; dancidng to a fiddle, and. exhb sting every sort of indecehcy;i. A cart filled with oranige- leaves preceded the pro'. cession, which were scattered before it, and it made the tour of the whole city. It appeared. nearly inf i the following order:-gigantic figures of gentlemen;, ladies, Moors, and Egyptians, preceded by outi,1 characters with enormous heads; saints :from the? parish churches, attended by the priests, and chief inhabitants in full dress, together with dancing.boy and music. Scripture characters: Moses with" t aw; Aaron, in 'pontifical robes, with the buddingm rod; David with the harp; Sampson with Goliahs' head; 'Joshua with the sun in his hand; Abrahain' with Isaac bearing the faggots; Noah carryingthe'', dove, and Balaam on his ass. Then followed the convents ,of the city, all carrying their saints anod candles, and chanting as they walked. Priests: ,the Four Evangelists in masquerade; Saint Luke had ai bull's head. Priests again: three' large gilt eaglesl' walking; priests and canons of the cathedral, carrying, solid gold and silver statues of saints; noblemen;, and gentleman in' full dress; the Host (or,'Cori?us Christi) in a' high gothic frame-work. of gold, underi a, rich canopy; surrounded by a blaze of candles;:!' the four senior canons of the cathedral ; the mitre onaI' a 'crimson 'cushion ;'the archbishop' walking .'bare=' headed, with hisý crosier in his hand; gentlemen of? the archbishop, carrying his red velvet chair of, state ; nobles of the city; the governor and generali with' candles. The procession concluded with a'de<: tachment of soldiers. - On the entrance of the Host, into the church, there wab a discharge of artillery,? and the building was lighted up in,the most fanciful, and richest manner.' A.'loud and' noisy chorus :ofw rejoicing was sung, accomipanied with organs, fiddles bells, &c.; ; and when this confusion µof tongues and sounds had finished;- the aichbishop alee theuo?ject of adoration,' the ' Corpus Christi, having previously elevated it before the people. .He was surrounded ,by tapers, incense, and priests 'in glittering Iobes, and seemed enveloped in a:flood of light! He thern assumed his mitre, gave the benediction, and the' piece concluded. The followingis extracted from the same work: Papal curse on Holy 'Thursday.-We are informed" that the present mild and virtuous head of the Roman Church (as some style the: Pope); still continues',,il the service ofHoly Thursday, to pronounrce his aria thema against all heretics,- and especially against,the.` Lutherans, in the following terms. " We, therefore, following this ancient and solemn custom, excommu nicate and anathematize, on the part of Omnipotent God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as,well as on our' pairt, all heretics, who 'follow the damnable, impious, and abominable heresies of Martin Luther, and' All those who foster and receive. them; as well'as the" readers and general defenders of the works of the said :. Martin, or of any other of them," &c.; This excommunication is understood, by believrs.' in the Pope; to take place instantly in all parts of tihe world. Wherever there is any heretic,' he is,. on this day, subject to cramps, aches, stitches, and other evils, which his holiness mercifully 'dispenses' from his ex alted station in the galleryof the front of Saint Peter's Church at Rome !, The curse causeless shall not come (Proverbs xxvi. 2); and thanks be to God, such is the light we may enjoy, that none fears that'the' curse of lhie ' Man of Sin," shall comnie. ... Fronm a . . SUBSCRIBER. 