DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. We understand, that all the public officers have had a meeting, and have come to the determination of "providing for their fa- milies," conceiving, and we must say very wisely, that as Mr. Attorney General Stephen "practises privately," in order to add to his already large salary of one thousand pounds, a-year,(public money; they have every right also, to look to their domestic concerns by taking "private practice." We understand, that the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Gregory, whose talents in book keeping, and in regu- lating accounts of the most complicated sort are universally admitted, is about to ad- vertise inthe " Trumpeter," that having much spare time, he has no objection to be em- ployed by insolvents abouv to take the benefit of the Act, merchants, shopkeepers, &c.; 1 he Cou Secretary, in like manner; n polling away among the boarding schools, ino. lertoobtain «« private practise" in the art of y -»lite letter writing. Mr. Joseph Henry Moore, «owthat| "Stame Packets" are" coming into ^neral use, »nd that two" of them are plying bet *een Kangaroo Point and- the New Wharf, 'as hired one of the market stalls as a priva ' office. The Board of Assignment have also come to the determination of keeping a house of agency for servants, and those who can "fee" the best, will, of course, be the best served. Mr. Surveyor General Frankland, now that the lucrative business of selling diagrams is done» away with, will have re- course to his old trade of caricaturing, filling un the remainder of his time with boating, [line unintelligible] of thetheatrical now and then, and thus earn most comfortably the one thousand a-year paid him by the public. Major Douglas, the storekeeper, is already in the field, and has commenced "privile practice" by assorting Mr. Stokell's goods, and arranging them in a manner hitherto unknown in the Colony. Mr. Barrack Master Mason is about to agree with the Port Arthur coal contractor, for measuring out all the coals as the cargoes arrive, by which his " private practice" will be considerable. In short, it would appear that all the public officers are determined to pursue a course which has been so lucrative to the " law officials," and how the Govern- ment is to compel the attendance of the Head of one Department to his public duty more than another, it is difficult to say. "Private practice" has been allowed to one branch alone, (the law} and that so dangerous a pre- cedent should never have been for a moment permitted or sanctioned is now universally ielt and acknowledged.-Correspondent. Read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest, if you can, the bitter pill of disappointment, every one of ye—ye would be agents for emi- gration—for behold the all- powerful Tasma- nian has stretch'd forth his hand, and press'd down his political extinguisher upon the blue vapours of your hopes, and put out all your expectations, leaving you up to your ears in the slough of despond, and in the darkness of despair. Mourn-mourn every one of ye, aspirants of Marshall, Walkinshaw, and Com pany, for the mighty Leviathan of newspaper controversy has aroused himself to the ques- tion of " to be or not to be," and he has said it shall not be, and verily it is settled. With the breath of his nostrils he has puff'd out the rushlight of your fond imaginings, and now you may, every one of ye, gnash your teeth and throw your powerless arms about, and slacken your pace, ye canvassers for votes, for ye are all floor'd, smash'd, and annihilated—down, down to be for ever fallen. Raise up your heads and rejoice, and cry aloud for joy, ye croakers and grumblers, for it is declared and who shall dare to contradict the assertionthat the Colony is ruined, that it has not more than one blade of grass to the acre, and that there is not in it one single em- bodied emblem of money left—not even one so- litary brass farthing to represent the King's Majesty, or to gingle upon a tomb stone,—that twin "memento of departed worth." In a very few weeks—yea, verily in a very few days, and the last broadside of beef will be fired, and smoke upon the board, and the ghost of the last, the very last scrag of mutton will be staring us in the face. And who, under such circumstances, let me seriously ask, would then think or wish for immigrating from Scot- land, or indeed, from any other country. Then will the general famine commence, which has been so long predicted, and then each man will look his neighbour in the face, whilst his heart yearns, bodily to devour him. Emigration—out upon the thought—ye cor- morants, ye place hunters, ye idolators of the golden image that Nebuchadnazer the King has set up !!! Answer me, ye blood suckers, ye kidnappers, and recruiting offi- cers, "would ye send out hard working in- dustrious people to a country like this? one-tenth of which has never been ex- amined, and where there may be, and doubt- less are, thousands of acres of excellent land, and which may be made available, if carefully explored and faithfully reported upon. Again —again, I say, out upon ye, ye-would-be im- porters of free flesh and blood—ye-would-be agents—my heart sickens, and my head reels at the thought. But enough—the political extinguisher of the Tasmanian has been clap'd upon ye—eyery one of ye—your snuffs are out—yours are the lights that ne'er will shine again."—You are no more.—Correspondent, Of all the professions, that of a Lawyer is the most fortunate, as well as lucrative ! In every instance, where he conceives himself offended, he shelters himself by having re- course to law, whereas, an insulted gentleman flies at once to diis pistols, and settles the matter without reference to law, and its abo mination81 -How different, the conduct of the. practical Lawyer and the Gentleman ! The Lawyer, who brings an action for libel, and if his own Counsel, is a most, fortunate fellow as was the case with Mr. Alfred Stephen, the other day. , He brings an action, appears for himself, a verdict being given in his favor, and thus he pockets one hundred pounds, without having to make any deduc- tions for law expences ! Well, may we say, that a Lawyer is a most fortunate person-fa ¿ had he been a gentleman demanding satisfac- tion for an injury, and had he called out hil opponent, he might have lost his life in the rencontre. Mr. Alfred Stephen, when he wat defending his brother in the celebrated " Vingt et un" case, declared that he knew nothing of the laws of honor, and .therefore had he recourse in that i list <nce to law also, 'ihe result is well known. The officers of the an.iv and navy have very different ideas of thesv matters. What the mind and feeling» of a n. m who can thus laugh at honor among men m> st be, we leave to the opinion of th* honoraln public.-Correspondent. The se. ond letter ot Aniicornuto Ka» Wn roooivi- !. It is useless for the writer* whose hand w ' recognise in the last letter» in spite of all I :s caution, to expect that we could insert hu communications; common decency would co ipel us to exclude the same from the public view There are offences which cannot be publicly al nded to ; and the mere publication of what we 'iave no doubt are factq, might cause the most -- »rious consequences. We perfectly agree with t ve writer, that such men as he alludes to shoul. not be sanctioned in civilized society-that *. he viituous Sir John Franklin should be putoi. his guard,'* &c.; but what can this private affa " have to de with a Colonial newspaper ? In england, we admit, the information spoken o by Anti corn uto would find its way in de. cate lan- guage to the public notice-but we beg the writer to remember that a small sock 'y like this is very differently constituted. In Eng- land such an affair is unfortunately bul toe common ; but it is only one offence among a million, and the parties names might even bj printed, (unless the parties ranked in a very exalted state.) without many knowing or even eating one halfpenny about the matter. We cannot therefore insert either letter before us, but if the writer pleases, and will so commu- nicate, we will have the letters copied charging his account with the expense of t>uch copy, and forward them to Sir John Franklin, for whom it is very evident the letters are both written. We shall therefore not again men- tion the subject until we hear from Anticor nuto. -Mr-Attorney-General Alfred Stephen if reported to have made use of the following sentence on the late trial for a libel against himself as Attorney General ; " I ask,-is it not a pardonable effort in me to provide for a family-at any rate, it is one for which I have the precedent of every Attorney Gene- ral in every Colony." This statement is known to be "not true,",(we use the words of the Attorney General himself, when he gives a direct contradi -t;onto a friend,) as we have to adduce Judge Montagu as an honourable in- stance to the contrary. That high-minded Judge never took a fee nor practised privately dining the time he wasAttorney Generalof this Colony. What was the consequence? No such scenes as have since been witnessed, of opening out the dock for the release of pri- soners untried, from the non-attendance of the Law Officers of the Crown, ever took place. Mr. Justice Montagu was always a^ his post-his cases were ready-no consider- ation for his family, (and we believe his con- nexions rank as high at Court, it not higher, than even Mr Stephen's,) would induce him to depart from th:it honorable line of conduct which he had chalked out for himself, fully satisfied that in devoting his time to "private practice," he could not attend to the best in- terests of the Crown and the People.-Cor- respondent. EXTRACT FROM MY JOURNAL.-Sick on my voyage from England ; arrived in Hobart Town. Took up my abode at the Macquarie, (considered the first Hotel) waited upon by a sickly West Indian looking young gentleman -very loquacious-full of tenders of ser- vices-enquiries into my affairs-let out that I bad a few hundreds-tempting offer for my sickly friend to introduce me to his friend Bob. " He'll get you £15 per cent, for your money, and do your business." Received the offer with gratitude-let slip my connexion with Lord-. Immediate invitation to dinner-received very strong caution not te get acquainted with any person without first submit,ing their names to my friend--, who intimates that he " will introduce" me to - all who are worth knowing here-his " circle of acquaintance small-but select-very se- lect." Dine at his house-legs of mutton and cabbages at each end of table-meet some strange people-can't stay long ! Cut and find out my mistake !-Correspondent. Dr. Lhotsky gave a lecture on Tuesday { last, and although the weather was most un- favourable the Court of Requests' Room wat ' crowded to excess. The Doctor, we under? stand from the Colonist newspaper, told the audience that Moses wrote the Gospels, and that'New/South ¡Wales and Van Diemen's Land were formed by a piece of the moon tumbling down, and falling into the sea ! We recollect one observation of this piofound Doctor. When Mr. Robertson and he were in conversation on a late occasion, we heard Lhotsky say, *' Meester Rohetsonne I ave umbugged Lord Glenlegge, and leet me hum buggee you von leetle beet, Meester Robet sonne." The audience know best whether they were 'or were not humbugged the other nicht. There is to be another lecture to night, And wc hear it will be well worth half-a-crown to hear the humbugging ! By reference to the ** Flash" Dictionary, lately edited and published by Pierce Egan. It appears that the signification of "Black- balled," i* being " withdrawn," It certainly is of extreme importance, that a man, after having stood his chance of being elected a member of a respectable establishment by ballot, should have the privilege of " with- drawing" his name, when he finds that he has, beyond a doubt, been " black balled". It is huite delightful, that the present fashion Should have sanctioned a departure from the old and established ru e in such cases ! When that notorious bully and coward, " fighting Fitzgerrald," attempted to become a member «f Brookes'," he was defeated in the attempt, -and black-balled without hesitation. He did now, .owcver, " withdraw" his name, but after having forced himself among the Members of the Club, for the evening, in the most impu- dent manner, during which time, he was ?"sent to Coventry" by unanimous consent he "withdrew," not his name, but himself, and was no more heard of. We consider it -«n extreme hardship, that those who attempted to become Members of the Establishment we alluded to on the evening the Lieutenant Go- vernor honored them with his presence, weie not allowed to be present, even on that one occasion, as we understand they had been for a length of time studying, and composing the most splendid orations, which aie now un- happily lost to the world ! !-Correspondent. We have been given to undeist.md, that Mr. Alfred Stephen has, with that generosity of mind, which has invariably characterized him, made a present of one hundred pounds damages, which he obtained the other day in Court, to his bosom friend, Mr. Gilbert Robertson. We had heard theie was a kind of half promise of the above sum to the Infant School, but friendship for Mr Gilbert Robert- son, of eleven years' standing, superceded " Cvery other obligation, and Mr. Alfred Stephen having obtained such a sum by the wheel of fortune, he felt himself, in duty bourd, to bestow his money upon Mr. Gilbert Robertson, for the immense labor he has had in endeavour- ing (for after all the attempt has prove«! futile,) to convince the public that Mr. Alfred Stephen 1 was a patriot ! ! !-Correspondent. It does not appear that Mr. Thompson felt much "gratitude" towalds Mr. Alfred ' Stephen, even although he was not urose ~ "cuted for a fraud, for it will be seen by re '( ference to the Sydney papers, that his first ' act almost on his arrival there, was to give to Mr. George Milner Stephen, the brother of our " parfait" a sound thrashing ; but the silly Judges in Sydney, not having thought proper to allow Mi. G. M Stephen to "prac- tise" law, being'only " Vingt deux," he could ' not appear in the Court, as a pleader m his own cause, like his brother Alfred, and there- fore the affair was only made a Police matter of. How unfortunate that we have not another Stephen practising law in these Colonies ! ! ! Correspondent. Last Friday, Messrs. Stracey & Burn «old by public auction, ten horses and ten foals, the property of Government, being a part of the Town Surveyor's Establishment, about to be dispensed on the 1st proximo. ; They sold for the large sum of 1,000 guineas. The foals were, with one or two exceptions, from five to seven months old ; four of the horses were purchased two years ago, by Mr. A. Murray and Mr.Cotnmissary Carr, for £200, and realized £361 10s., being an advance of £40 on each horse, after two years hard work. The horses were in the highest condition, " evincing the care bestowed on the estabbsh ', ment, for which, much praise is due to Mr .* Skene, the Superintendent of the Carters' -* .Barracks, whose attention was unremitting. One of our Correspondents has wiitten us a letter respecting the Reverend Mr. Bed 1 i" ford. We really cannot believe the writer, when he asserts that the actions commenced against our proprietor, " all of them entirely originated with thatought-to-be peace maker." It would be unjust to Mr. Bedford to imagine ' that he, a man paid so largely as he is, to '' ' unite people in brotherly love, could be guilty of exciting angry feeling and ill blood. We .re much obliged for other information con \- tained m the letter ; it certainly astonished ' * us, but it is not a public subject, nor of much ' public importance 1 1 We really hope and trust that something will be immediately done with the special jury liBt. 'Hie list of Esquires is so limited, that, to repeal the words of one of the Crown Law Officers, there is more art in packing the jury than there is in conducting a cause-we should recommend the term Esquire to be abolished altogether-such a distinction causes jealousies. We'wbfdd allow Magistrates onlf to be Esquired, and let custom or courtesy alone designate so. and so> Banker, Mer- chant, &c.;,tas a Mr. or as an Esquire. A high official in the Military and Exe- cutive line being about to start in his gig for Launceston, the poor ostler, who Had been rubbing and whisping his horse for the last month or so, scraped his leg, pulling his hair, and making a low bow at the same time, and hoped his Honor would give him su m mat. M Oh yes," replied the Chief, .« go in and tell Mrs. P. to give you one and a half ounce of tea and a quarter of a pound of 'sugar which has been left in the cupboard,"-and off the great man started.-Correspondent We have been favoured with a copy of the first number of a new work entitled the " Manual of Gardening," by Mr. Bunce. It is just the work of all others most required in this Colony, and sure to pay well. We hope that either Mr. Bunce or some one else, will publish similar information for farmers. Mr. Bunce's work is only 1s. per number, and to be completed in 12 monthly parts. Every man with a garden will of course supply himself with a copy. PORT PHILLIP. By private information we learn that a violent attack has been made on Mr. Aitken by four native blacks, who suc- ceeded in carrying away a quantity of fire- arms, Mr. Aitken would, in all probability, have lost his life, but for his desperate resist- ance. A few evenings after this occurrence took place, Mr. Aitken engaged two men who of- fered their services to him, who were after- wards recognized by Mr. Ebden, as runaways from his employ. These two gentlemen succeeded in securing the runaways with handcuffs, and despatched a gentleman to the' township for constables, who, upon his return, found that the prisoners had managed to free themselves from their irons, and had decamped, first having man- acled their masters. They took with them the pieces of Mr. Aitken and Mr. Ebden, and rode away on their horses. The men were immedi- ately pursued, and fallen in with, but succeed- ed in escaping into a gulley, taking with them only the guns. Their plunder and the horses were recovered.—Cornwall Chronicle. PERTH BRIDGE JOB.-The building of a new bridge at Perth commenced yesterday.' The old one, undertaken by Mr. Kenworthy, and considerably advanced, cost about£lO,000 and was about 400 feet across : the new bridge attempted by Mr. Cheyne, will be about 900 feet over, and will cost, according to common estimate, £20,000, and he fourteen years building. We have a few observations about this Job in reserve.-Ibid. We are sorry to observe, that the Direc- tors Of~tllC 'Auatiolaoiau- Dank -UBTO tV»ov»gkt proper to raise the price of interest to 10 per cent. We are sorry also to say, that this esta- blishment is becoming any thing but popular,¡ and that great complaints are made, by many of its customers, ot illiberally. Our duty is to follow the public opinion; we have hitherto supported the establishment, because we con- sidered it of public utility, especially so in reducing the rate of interest. It, however, the accounts we bear are not exaggeiated, the Bank certainly does not deserve public sup- port. We shall offer a few lengthy observa- tions respecting this Bank in our next. We have been requested to notice the proceedings of the Caveat Board and the Sur- vey Department, m the case of Driscoll v., Enoch. The account of this affair will sur- prise our readers when publicity is given thereto. This day, at 2 o'clock, a review of the 21st Regiment took place in the Paddock, when Lady and Sir John Franklin were pre- sent. The weather was particularly unfa- vourable. Mr.1 Meredith's benefit took place last evening, when there was a bumper house. The Dog ofMontarg'ts was well received, but the Invisibles gave general satisfaction. The Hounds meet on Saturday, the 1st of July, on the Muddy Plains Road, seven miles from Kangaroo Point, at half-past ten. 