THF GIPSIES IN RUSSJA AND IN SPAIN. [From the SpaCTATok.] [W wobeen obliaaIngly favoured4 WIth the fo11ohving whose literarylaboura, the least Important of his life, we notlorseicie'hlIglily praised, but whose name we aem not at Ilberty on tbis occasion to mane public. 'They eon. tain 'some curious and interesting facts 'relating to the condition or this peculiar people in very distant coun- tries.] Sept. 23, 1835. As one of the principal motives of my visit to Moscow was to hold a comunttri * 3edJuot'M yIgela. aa- n withe-partkcular par- ofits papulea t Woht, ,Wich, from the accounts L: had re= t ceived; had awakened int me the most vivid interest, I did not fall, shortly after my arrival; to seek an opportunity of1 accom- plishing moy wish, and believe. that, what I have now to communicate will be of some interest to the Christian and the philoso- pher. I allude to the people called Zigani or Gipsies, or as they style themselves, Rommany, of whom there are several thousands in and about Moscow, and who obtain a livelihood by various means. Those who have been accustomed to con sider these people as wandering barbarians, incapable of civilization, and unable to appreciate the blessings of a quiet and settled life, will be surprised at learning that many of those in Moscow inhabit large and handsome houses, appear abroad in elegant equipages, and, if distinguished from the genteel class of the Russians, are only so by superior personal advantages and mental accomplishments. Of this singular phenomenon at Moscow., the fe tmale Gipsies are the principal cause, hav- ing from time immemorial cultivated their vocal powers to such an extent, that although in the heart of a country in which the vocal art has arrived at greater per- fection than in any other part of the world, the principal Gipsey Choirs in Moscow are allowed, by the general vuice of the public, to be unrivalled, and ta bear away the palm from all competitors. It Is a fact noto- rious in Russia, that the celebrated Cata- lani was so filled with admiration for the powers of voice displayed by one of the Gipsey songstresses, who after the former had sung before a splendid audience at Moscow, stepped forward, and with an astonishing burst of melody, ravished every ear, that she took from her own shoulders a shawl of immense value, which had been presented to her by the Pope, and, embracing the Gipsy, compelled her to accept it, saying that it had been originally intended for the matchless singer, which she now discovered was not herself. The sums obtained by these performers are very large, enabling them to live in luxury of every description, and to main- tain their husbands in a princely way. Many of them are married to Russian gen- tlemen, and every one who has resided for any length of time in Russia cannot but be aware that the lovely, talented, and do mestic wife of Count Alexander T****** is by birth a Gipsy, and was formerly one of the ornaments of a Rommany choir at Moscow, as she is now one of the principal ornaments of the marriage state and of illustrious life. It is not, however, to be supposed that all the female Gipsies are of this high, talented, and respectable order; amongst them there are many low and profligate females, who sing at taverns or the various gardens in the neighbourhood, and whose husbands and male connections subsist' by horse-jobbing and' like kinds of traffec. The principal place of resort of this class is Marina Rotche, lying about two versts from Moscow, and thither I drove, attended by a valet de place. Upon my arriving there, the Gipsies swarmed out from their tents,' and from the little trac- teer, or tavern, and surrounded me; standing on the seat of the caleche, I ad- dressed them in a loud voice, in the dialect of the English Gipsies, with which I have some slight acquaintance. A scream of wonder instantly arose, and, welcomes and greetings were poured forth in torrents of musical Rommany, amongst which, how ever, the most prominent air was,' Ah kak mi toute karmama,' ' Oh, how we love you;' for at first they supposed me to be one of their brothers, who they said were wandering about in Turkey, China, and other parts, and that I had come over the great pawnee, or water, to visit them. Their countenances exactly resembled those of their race in England,—brown, and, for the most part, beautiful, their eyes fiery and wildly intelligent, their hair coal black, and somewhat coarse. I asked them numerous questions, especially as to their religion, and original country. They said that they believed in " Devil,"* which, strange to say, in 'their language signifies God ; and that they were afraid of the evil spirit, or "Bengel ;" that their fathers came from Rommany land, but where that land lay they knew not. They sang, many songs, both in the Russian and Rommany languages. The former were modern popular pieces which are in vogue on the stage, but the latter were evidently very ancient, being composed in a metre or cadence to which there is no- thing analogous in Russian prosody, and exhibiting an internal character which was anything but European or modern. I visited this place several times during my sojourn at Moscow, and spoke to them upon their sinful manner of living, upon the advent and suffering of Christ Jesus, and expressed, upon my taking a final leave of them, a hope that they would be in a short period furnished with the word of eternal life in their own language, which they seemed to value and esteem much higher than the Russian. They invaria- bly listened with much attention, and during the whole time I was amongst them, exhibited little in speech or conduct that was objectionable. OPouLATIoN 'oF GRaTs~ BRITAIN and InIsLAuN.-According to Mr. M'Cullorch, the,(4opulation tof Great Britain 'and Ire-~ Iland -amounted in May last, to 26,371,000, and including the Channel iaslands, to g6,30O000o, rendering Great Britain wish the exception of Russia, France, and Aus tria, the 'ooSt hpopulous-state in Europe. NTaw IlSBrnunIIT oF DzsTRaoison. -A'n'tfficer ot rank, " well known in the political anc4 scientific world," advertises, that he has discovered a new compound r rdekct that, will set 'an enemy's ship on fire QooO yards off, and a shell twice as des. , tructive 'as the old one. He offers these SInteresting sAiticles to privateer., Africnn traders, &e.; 'Provided with auch means, besides several others. thp smallest vessel, Swill (he 'says) inlallibly destroy or corn' * Duvrsl, according to Mr. Roberts, pel to- surrender, any. first-rate ship of war' 'Tane, wat' BST Tureenc.---'There are some whimsical anecdotes which might be classed under this head-; as, for instance, that of-the Irishman, who enlisted into the 20th Regiment because his brother be longed to the 2lst, and wished to be near him; or the chuckling of the fellow who boasted of his good fortune because he had drawn the next number to the grand prize. One of the best specimens, however, of this species of humour, is the answer given by a simpletons who on being asked whether he understood German, replied, that he did not know any thing of it him self but that he had-a brother who Played the German flute. The latter joke has been spoiled in the telling by some dull dog of a penny-liner, who has sent it on the tour of the piovincial papers thus mutilated':--' Do you si eak French 1" asked a gentleman, when examining the qualifications of a Hibernian candidate for the office of travelling valet. t' Not ex actly, Sir," was the reply, " but I have a cousin at home who plays the Garman flute beautifully," After such a blunder as this we may believe that Goldsmith's joke al-out Turnham Green (turn them green) or the story of the lapsus lingua] and the leg of mutton were really perpe trated. ENGLAND A. - CONVICT COLONY.-It iS not, we believe, generally known that En.. gland is the convict settlement of the Channel Islands. The fact is so, neverthe less. On the 18th instant, some men who had committed an offence at `t. le;l.er, were ordered to " find security for. their future good behaviour, and in default thereof to be banished to England (the convict settlement of -the channel islands) for the term of three years." Some years ago, it was an every day occurrence for the Magistrates of Scotland to banish whomsoever was brought before them " beyond the Tweed," which, it is said, gave rise to the Berwick landlady's re mark, that she never knew a Scotchman " gang back again." Cuoca NVINE.-Prince Metternich's ce lebrated wines, made on his estates at Johannisbcrgh, are £600 the hogshead. The first quality is hardly ever sold. It is like the Steinberger, the picking only of one or two of the finest grapes on the bunch. DarINITION OF A ToRy.-We pity a man for being a Tory in these times : he is a poor creature that the march of events has left behind, a duck-legged drummer boy, who cannot keep up with his regi meat; he is a being of a bygone, age, singing an old song, telling a forgotten tale; his mind i9 hung with cobwebs; he is the preter pluperfect tense of politics ; an extract from the lumber room where we have long since thrown our ghosts, witches, and alchymists.-TI'a s, March 29, 1832. The I 'iuAs is now one ol these " poor creatures." and is in a fair vNay to be thrown back into the" lumber room," in consequence. of its shbsmeless tergiversation and want of principle. \- A CONJUROR OUTWITTED -Some time ago a professor of legerdemain entertained ,an audience in a village, which was prin cipally composed of colliers. After 6' as tonishing the natives" with various tricks, metamorphosing wine into water, &c.;, he asked the loan of a halfpenny from any of his admirers. A collier, with a little hesi tation, handed out the coin, ;which -the juggler speedily exhibited, as he said, transformed into a guinea.-" An' is that my bawbee ?,' exclaimed the collier. ,'Undoubtedly," answered the juggler. ' Let's see't," said the collier;' and turn ing it round and round in an ecstacy of de. light, thanked the juggler for his kindness and, putting it into his pocket, said, "I'se warrant ye'll ne turn't into a bawbee again." Boitowiwo A KNOCKnh.-" hy you'd better knock the door down? -What do you want )"-'- Och, my -darling I don't let me wake 'any of *.jour family;a I'm JIst using your knocker to wake the paple next 'door; I'm- locked out d'ye see, and they've niver a -knocker."'-rap ! rap ! rap ! M. Bouvier a French surgeon, has discovered a nmode of curing club feet, by cutting across the tendon Achilles. 