Colonial Politics DISPOSAL OF CROWN LANDS. COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. [CONTINUED.] IN our last number, we ventured to anticipate much pleasure from a perusal of the evidence of Captain WOOD, of Van Diemen's Land, being personally acquainted with that gentleman's su- perior intelligence, long experience in the affairs of these colonies, and conscientious regard for truth and probity. We have had, in the interim, an opportunity of looking through his statements to the Committee, and must confess that we have been much disappointed by the narrow compass within which his evidence is confined. The following is Captain WOOD'S testimony to the respectability of the Magistrates :— Captain. Wood called in, and examined. Chairman. Were you a magistrate in the co- lony ?—I was for a good number of years. Mr. Gladstone. Were the magistrates in general parties of respectability ?—The Governor tried to make them as respectable as possible ; but some of them were anxious to be made magistrates, thinking it stamped respectability upon them. Upon the whole, were they the best class the colony afforded ?—I think so ; they were principally retired officers of the army and navy. The Committee of course saw the importance of the magistrates being not only respectable, but "'the best class the colony afforded ;" and they are here informed that such was the fact, and, further, that "the Governor, tried to make them as respectable as possible." It was the Go- vernor's bounden duty to do so, first, by a judi- cious selection of men to fill the office, and, next, by supporting them in every possible way con- sistent with public integrity. How different, has been the course pursued by the Governor of New South Wales ! To the following questions and answers we attach this importance—that the intelligent circles in England regard the colonial Press as a fair representative of colonial opinion. Not a few of our wiseacres affect to treat that Press with contempt, as if it were but the organ of in- dividual prejudice, and exerted but a narrow and ephemeral influence. Both assumptions are utterly groundless. The Press gathers up, ar- ranges, and embodies, the fragments of public opinion floating through the social intercourse of the day.. When its conductors—we speak of such of them as are reflecting men—sit down to compose their articles of political or miscella- neous criticism. they feel themselves in a posi- tion very different from that of a writer of private despatches. True, they must write sentiments which are conscientiously their own, whether ori- ginal or adopted ; but then they are bound to see to it, that their sentiments are such as will bear the test of that rigid and extended inspection to which publication will expose them. They are moreover, unavoidably influenced, in their impressions and conclusions, by the prevailing opinions of the society around them. Those opinions come to their knowledge through a thousand channels ; and the secret of their strength, their boldness, and, if you will, their oracular authoritativeness, lies in their conscien- tiousness that they are but re-echoing the senti- ments of the wisest and best of their compatriots. This it is which urges them to take high ground, and to deal out their censures or their commen- dations witihout fear, without reserve, and without partiality. Then, again, their energies are sus- tained by the certainty, not only that they express public opinion, but that they also confirm it in the circles in which it has been already formed, and extend it to circles yet wider. They are the telegraphs of the public mind, transmitting its thoughts to the utmost bounds of the civilized world. A Committee of the British House of Commons did well, therefore, to enquire, what the colonial papers had said on the question be- fore them. Chairman. Have you considered the system of selling land as compared with the system of granting land ?—I consider, though the colonial Press is of the opposite opinion, that it is much better to sell land ; for one reason. I think we can have no free institutions as long as land is given away by the Go- vernment. Mr. Gladstone. When you say that the colonial Press is of an opposite opinion, does that remark apply to the colonial Press of all parties ?—Some of the papers that I have been in the habit of seeing, have said that the land ought to be given away again, and they say that the colony has been ruined in conse- quence of that system of selling. What is the general tone of those papers ?—Most of them at present in Van Diemen's Land are opposed to Government. And are they the papers which are opposed to Government which approve the system of selling ?— No, the one which advocates the system of granting most strongly, is The Hobart Town Courier, which is considered a Government paper. Do any of the papers which are opposed to Go- vernment, advocate the granting land as preferable to selling it ?—I rather thlink they do, but I am not confident in that respect ; I see it, frequently in The. Courier, which is the Government paper. The Committee appear to have entertained the sane idea, that the minimum price of Crown lands in the Australian colonies might be advan- tageously raised from five shillings to one or two pounds per acre. Mr. P. Scrope. You said you considered that the present system of the sale of land ought to continue ; do you think it would be beneficial to raise the mini- mum price at which Government should sell its lands to 1l. or 2l. per acre ?—No, I do not ; the land in Van Diemen's Land that is likely to come to market now, will never be worth 2l. an acre. Mr. Gladstone. Would your objections to such an increase of price be removed if a provision were made that the whole produce of the sale should be applied in introducing labour into the colony ?—It is not that, but that the land is not worth it. You mean that the natural powers of the soil are not such as to make it worth the application of labour at that price ?—There is a great part where rocks come to the surface ; there is a little peat upon it, but it will never be worth 2l. an acre. Is there a very small portion of good unappropri- ated land in Van Diemen's Land ?—I think very small. Mr. GLADSTONE'S question implies the absur- dity, that the disposal of public lands should be converted into a source of taxation, the pur- chaser paying, not, simply a fair market price for the article, but a duty over and above that price ; and for what purpose ?—Why, that self-same purpose which Ministers put forth when they first abolished the Free Grant System—namely, that " the whole produce of the sales should be applied in introducing labour into the colony."' This was promised at the outset, but the promise has been scandalously broken. The proceeds of our land sales are rusting in the Treasury, while our farmers and graziers are driven almost to dis- traction by the scarcity of labour ! Shame on the Government that keeps its bargains after this fashion ! This is the whole of Captain WOOD'S evi- dence, so far as we have been able to trace. We shall now advert to that of other witnesses,—la- menting as we again sincerely do, that upon an enquiry so vitally interesting to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, only two gentle- men directly connected with those countries should have appeared before the Committee. Mr. HUGH STEWART KELSEY, chief clerk of correspondence in the Colonial Office, was examined as to certain points of fact which went very materially to affect the accuracy of some of Mr. BRYAN'S statements, published in THE COLONIST of last week. It is due to Colonel ARTHUR to lay before our readers so much of Mr. KELSEY'S evidence as meets the imputa- tions cast upon that Governor's proceedings in respect to Mr. BRYAN'S grants of land :— Are there any other circumstances on which you have information ?—Merely Mr. Bryan's case, with respect to the original grant of land. What are the circumstances with reference to his original grant of land, as they appear on the records of the Colonial Office ?—The following is an ex- tract of a despatch from Lieutenant Governor Arthur to Mr. Secretary Stanley, dated Van Diemen's Land, Government House, December 23, 1834 : " The first grant was for 1000 acres on the 7th Sep- tember, 1824 ; in the beginning of 1825, Mr. William Bryan represented the improvements he had made upon it, and on the 10th of March, 1825, an exten- sion of 500 was ordered. Shortly afterwards, Mr. Bryan gave some proof that the Ship Ardent, of which he was part owner, had been sold, and that he had re- ceived some accession of property ; and thereupon, a further extension was granted on the 24th November, 1825, making the total maximum grant of that day, 2000 acres, which at that period was the utmost the most favoured settler was eligible to receive., In No- vember, 1828 on his application for land in exten- sion, 1000 acres in addition were located to Mr. Bryan, and again on his further application, in No- member 1831, 1000 acres more were located to him, making a total of 4000 acres. Does it appear that the 4000 acres were granted in pursuance of the regulations by the Governor, or by the direction of the Secretary of State here ?—From the words of the letter before me it would appear that Colonel Arthur did it himself. Are you aware of any direction by the Secretary of State, as to 500 acres being granted by the Secre- tary of State to him ?—In October, 1825, the Secre- tary of State directed Colonel Arthur to increase the grant of 1000 acres first given to Mr. Bryan, to 2000, if he possessed sufficient capital, and if there were no objection to his receiving it. But long before that despatch was received, the additional land had been, given by Colonel Arthur. Again, in February, 1828, the Secretary of State directed 500 acres more to be given to Mr. Bryan, provided there were no object- tions to his having it. The result was, that Colonel Arthur, finding Mr. Bryan's improvements on his former grants entitled him to more land, gave him 1000 acres. Is there any letter from Mr. Byran, expressing himself satisfied with the amount granted—The fol- lowing is a letter from Mr. Bryan to Colonel Arthur, dated the 26th March, 1825 :—"Sir—Permit me to return you my sincere thanks (as much for the matter as the manner) of your very kind letter of 11th instant. I am fully aware you would not use your high authority to aggrandize the already overgrown prosperity of the long established, at the expense of those lately arrived. To the same principle of im- partiality which you have already evinced in my cause, I leave the increase of my grant, resting quite satisfied that if my exertions deserve it, they will be rewarded. William Bryan. How much land had Mr. Bryan had at that time, and how much did he afterwards receive ?—He had received then 1500 acres. He received afterwards altogether 2500'acres ?— Yes. Was any part of that by purchase ?—These ap- pear to be all grants. Mr. Hutt. Have you seen Mr. Bryan's evidence, as given before this Committee ?—It would appear 2000 acres in consequence of Lord Bathurst's orders, and that his having appealed to his Lordship, had prejudiced Colonel Arthur against him. I have shown that that increase took place before the des- patch reached the colony, and that in 1828, Colonel Arthur gave Mr. Bryan double the quantity authorised by Lord Bathurst. What better answer could Colonel ARTHUR himself give to the querulous complaints of BRYAN, than these few simple facts afford ? Among the official documents laid before the Committee by Mr. KELSEY, there appears one of more than common interest, as it shows that the two individuals who have been the means of colonizing Port Phillip, Messrs. GELLIBRAND and BATMAN took steps for obtaining from the Sydney Government permission to make a similar experiment so long as ten years ago :— Copy of a letter from Messrs. Gellibrand and Bat- man to Lieutenant-General Darling, dated Laun- ceston, January 11, 1827, and of minute thereof. SIR,—Understanding that it is your Excellency's intention to establish a permanent settlement at Western Point, and to afford encouragement to re- spectable persons to settle there, we beg leave most respectfully to solicit at the hands of Your Excellency a grant of land at that place, proportionable to the property which, we intend to embark. We are in possession of some flocks of sheep, highly improved ; some of the Merino breed, and others of the pure South Devon ; of some pure Devon cattle, imported, from England and also of a fine breed of horses. We propose to ship from this place 1500 to 2000 sheep, thirty head of superior cows, oxen, horses, &c;, to the value of from 4000l. to 5000l., the whole to be under the personal direction of Mr. Batman (who is a native of New South Wales), who will constantly reside there for the protection of the establishment. Under these circumstances we are induced to hope Your Excellency will be pleased to grant to us a tract of land proportionable to the sum of money we propose to expend, and also to afford us every en- couragement in carrying the proposed object into effect. We have, &c.; J. T. GELLIBRAND, JOHN BATMAN. To His Excellency Lieutenant General Darling, &c.;, &c.; The answer was to the effect of—Application Re- fused. These spirited gentlemen, on whom Sir RICHARD BOURKE was so loth to cast a gracious look, are thus proved to have entitled themselves to a higher meed of praise than was before sup- posed. There reward has been long in coming, but it has come at last. Strange as it will no doubt sound in some ears, the best witness examined by the Committee was Mr. EDWARD GIBBON WAKEFIELD, who about ten or twelve years ago, caused such a sensation by his abduction of Miss TURNER and who, for that offence was imprisoned three years in His Majesty's Jail of Newgate. He did not spend the term of his incarceration in idleness, for shortly after its expiration he pub- lished a work on the affairs of that prison which was most favourably received by the public ; and from the evidence he gave before the Land Com- mittee, it is evident he has been accustomed to reflect deeply upon a variety of subjects con- nected with national and colonial policy. We cannot pretend to republish the whole of that evidence, but the subjoined selections will, we are persuaded, be acceptable to our intelligent readers :— CAUSES OF THE SWAN RIVER FAILURE. E. G. Wakefield called in and examined. Chairman. What do you consider the most striking practical case of evil resulting from too great a pro- fusion in granting land ?—The most striking because it happens to be the last, is the new settlement of Swan River, in Western Australia. In what way is that the most striking ?—That colony, which was founded with a general hope in this country, amongst very intelligent persons of all descriptions, that it would be a most prosperous colony has all but perished. It has not quite perished, but the population is a great deal less than the number of emigrants ; it has been a diminishing population since its foundation. The greater part of the capital which was taken out (and that was very large) has disappeared altogether, and a great portion of the labourers taken out (and they were a very ' considerable number) have emigrated a second time to Van Diemen's Land and New South Wales. The many disasters which befel this colony (for some people did actually die of hunger), and the destruct- tion of the colony taken out to the Swan River, and the second emigration of the people who went out, ap- pear to me be to accounted for at once by the manner in which land was granted. The first grant con- sisted of 500,000 acres to an individual, Mr. Peel that grant was marked upon the map in England ; 500,000 acres were taken round about the port or landing place. It was quite impossible for Mr. Peel to cultivate 500,000 acres, or a hundredth part of the grant ; but others were of course necessitated to go beyond his grant, in order to take their land. So that the first operation in that colony was a desert, to mark out a large tract of land, and to say, " this is a desert, no man, shall come here ; no man shall cultivate this land." So far dispersion was produced, because upon the terms on which Mr. Peel obtained his land, land was given to the others. The Go- vernor took another 100,000 acres, another took 80,000 acres, and the dispersion was so great that at last the settlers did not know where they were ; that is, each settler knew that he was where he was, but he could not tell where any one else was, and there fore he did not know his position. That was why some people died of hunger ; for though there was an ample supply of food at the Governor's house, the settler did not know where the Governor was, and the Governor did not know where the settlers were. Then, beside the evils resulting from dispersion, there occurred what I consider almost a greater one ; which is, the separation of the people, and the want of combinable labour. The labourers on finding out that land could be obtained with the greatest facility, the labourers taken out under contracts, under engagements which assured them of very high wages, if they would labour a certain time for wages, immediately laughed at their masters. Mr. Peel carried out altogether about 300 persons, men, women, and children. Of those 300 persons, about sixty were able labouring men. In six months after his arrival he had nobody even to make his bed for him, or to fetch him water from the river. He was obliged to make his own bed, and to fetch water for himself, and to light his own fire. All the labourers had left him. The capital, therefore, which he took out—viz., implements of husbandry, seeds, and stock, especially stock, perished immediately ; without shepherds to take care of the sheep, the sheep wan- dered and were lost, eaten by the native dogs, killed by the natives and by some of the other colonists, probably by his own workmen ; but they were de- stroyed ; his seeds perished on the beach ; his houses were of no use ; his wooden houses, were there in frame, in pieces, but could not be put together, and were therefore quite useless, and rotted on the beach. This was the case with cap- talists generally. The labourers, obtaining land very readily, and running about to fix location's for themselves, and to establish themselves indepen- dently, very soon separated themselves into isolated families, into what may be termed cottiers, with a very large extent of land, something like the Irish cottiers, but having instead of a very small piece of land, a large extent of land. Every one was se- parated, and very soon fell into the greatest distress. Falling into the greatest distress, they returned to their masters, and insisted upon the fulfilment of the agreements upon which they had gone out ; but then Mr. Peel said," All my capital is gone ; you have ruined me by deserting me, by breaking your engage- ments ; and you now insist upon my observing the engagements when you yourselves have deprived me of the means of doing so." They wanted to hang him, and he ran away to a distance, where he secreted himself for a time, till they were carried off to Van Diemen's Land, where they obtained food, and where, by the way, land was not obtainable by any a means with so great facility as at the Swan River. HOW TO SECURE EFFICIENT LABOUR IN THE COLONIES. Mr. Roebuck. Supposing that there was no im- migration in the colony, and you could by any means, no matter what they are, by any regulations of the Government, attain that general end—namely making the labourers, all poor labourers, labour for three years, you fancy, according as your present knowledge goes; that that would be a sufficient check for the end you have in view ?—I do think so ; that if the difficulty of obtaining land in every colony were a such that every poor man were necessitated to work for hire during some years, say three years for his existence, the evils of slavery would be entirely avoided and that the greatest wealth would attend upon the colony. Your are supposing this regulation to apply to colonies which have a stream of immigration directed upon, them ?—I will take either case. The period of service would be longer in the case where there was no stream of immigration ; but three years might still be sufficient ; I object to being called upon to fix upon any term. The Committee want to ascertain from you whether there is, in your mind, such a term ?—I conceive that there is a term, but I object to fixing that term pre- cisely ; I believe that it will be ultimately determined by experience alone. Then how would you prevent any individual from taking more land than for the advantage of the colony he ought to have ?—By imposing a condition which should not be in the nature of a promise, but which should be some act to be performed before the grant was obtained. What do you conceive that condition to be ?—It appears to be, 'after a great deal of enquiry and re- flection upon the subject, that the best of all condi- tions to be performed before the land is obtained, is payment of a certain sum of ready money, which plan appears to be recommended by its simplicity, and by its great fairness to all, also by its absolute certainty. You are quite sure if ready money is to be paid before the land is obtained, and the price is the right one, that more land will not be appropriated than there ought to be ?—You can make that previous condition quite effective. You look upon price as an effective mode of res- triction, and you conceive that there is' no other way than by restriction upon the appropriation of land in which Government could provide for com- bination of labour in a colony where there yet re- mains a great extent of unappropriated land ?—I know of no other mode. Wherever land is very cheap, there all the people try to obtain some land ; and I know of no other mode of restriction. You do not think labourers could be bound to work for any given periods ?—That plan has been most extensively tried, and in almost all colonies ; be- cause in almost all colonies there has been felt to be great want of labour ; but the plan has almost uni- versally failed. A labourer goes out under contract to work for wages ; but on reaching the colony, his temptation to set up for himself is so great, that he quite laughs at the contract. And, then suppose what has often happened, that the capitalist, being a party to the contract, endeavours to enforce the con- tract. His great object is to obtain labour, not to expend his time and his own labour in punishing an- other. He may punish an indented labourer, but at a greater cost of time and money than it is worth his while to expend : the consequence is, that the greater number of indented labourers have broken through the contract. Mr. M'Arthur, a great landed pro- prietor in New South Wales, and a very sensible man, said some time ago, in a pamphlet I believe, that there was not a single instance in New South Wales of an indented labourer having been held to his bond. The miserable, contemptible system, if system it deserves to be called, by which the British Go- vernment pretend to redeem their pledge for the application of our land revenue to the emigration of labourers, is well exposed by Mr WAKE- FIELD. THE MOCK COMMITTEE OF EMIGRA- TION. We have had cases of special, but certainly not of a responsible authority, charged with the conduct of emigration. ln 1831, a Board of Emigration was formed, which sat at the Colonial Office and which was especially charged with the conduct of emigration from Great Britain and Ireland to the British Colo- nies. At the head of that Board was the Duke of Richmond. It was, as I ventured to call the South Australian Commission, a diletanti Board, an unpaid Board. The consequence was, that it sat as long as the novelty lasted, and as soon as the novelty was at an end, one member dropped off, and then another, till at last no Board was left. There was no pay ; there could be no responsibility ; there was no obliga- tion to attend ; the Board melted away. To whom now does the State confide the conduct of such emi- gration as is managed with the public funds ? There is emigration managed with the public funds at this time. A portion of the large funds of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, is employed in con- veying labourers to those colonies. The sales of land a furnish money for conveying emigrants to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land ; and to whom is the work confided ? To a committee, so called by itself, sitting somewhere, but I am sure I do not know where, in the City of London, consisting of some benevolent gentlemen and ladies. (I believe that Mrs. Fry, is one of those commissioners.) Thus the State actually confides the superintendence of emigration, with the public funds, to a benevolent society, a small party of private persons, including females, who cannot be under any responsibility, since they have not to make reports to any body, and are accountable to no one but themselves. They take care however to get paid ; that is, the persons who really do the work, take care to get paid without responsibility. The Government hands over to them a certain sum for the conduct of emigration, and they charge something more per head per emigrant, than the emigration actually costs them. So that this is not a case of responsibility for want of pay, but it is a case of pay without responsibility. Unless this statement had been made, and I believe that it is actually true, it would hardly have been cre- dited, that a Government which boasts of its great in- telligence, as ours very often does, should allow so important a work as the conduct of emigration by the State, to be superintended by a party of people whom nobody knows any thing at all about, and whose very existence, I believe, was unknown to the majority of the members of this Committee, till I mentioned it just now. And this is the despicable contrivance for keeping money in the chest, and labourers out of the colony ! To this ghost of a Committee, known by nobody, controlled by nobody, are entrusted the highest interests of two of the most valuable of the British, colonies ! Surely, if there be any sense of shame in the Downing Street corps—any generous solicitude among the Commons for their distant fellow-subjects—the publication of this Report would lead to a radi- cal reform of the whole affair. We heartily thank Mr. WAKEFIELD for so manly an exposure of the nefarious job. IMPORTANCE OF THE COLONIES TO THE MOTHER-COUNTRY. Chairman. Do you consider that systematic emi- gration is the best means of augmenting employment for labour in the mother-country ?—I think it would. In what way?—I think that emigration is the best means of increasing population at home. I would beg the Committee to refer to the county of Lan- caster. If that county were merely an agricultural county, its population might not be more than 100,000 ; it amounts I believe now to 1,500,000. With a moment's reflection, though the statement may be new, as the idea may be novel to me, (that is, it is one formed of late years,) nothing appears more plain than that the county of Lancaster owes its popu- lation to the existence of colonies ; that Manchester, which exists through the colonial trade, could not have existed, if Englishmen had not emigrated to America, and there produced the staple of the Man- chester manufactures. Then, the trade of Liverpool, with all those docks of which we are so proud, and that vast amount of shipping of which we boast, has arisen almost entirely from colonization ; and you might be further convinced of the fact by walking through the docks of London. In walking through the docks of London, a large proportion of the goods which will fall under the eye, are goods produced in the colonies ; produced by English people, or by people whose ancestors emigrated from this country. The rationale of the assertion, that emigration ulti- mately increases numbers at home, appears to me sufficiently plain. In the time of Elizabeth, our Queen had very few wants. Queen as she was, all her royal wants were satisfied with beef, and ale, and salt fish. She walked upon some reeds, and she put on her clothes with wooden skewers.. Such were the wants of the greater part of the people of this country. At that time, an Englishman, one of the greatest Englishmen, in my opinion, Sir Walter Raleigh, went to America, and discovered a weed, which weed was brought to England, and was found by many people to be extremely agreeable. The desire to ob- fain tobacco, has formed, I really believe; one of the greatest motives to that improvement in the industry of Europe, which has raised Europe from the State in which it was in the time of Queen Elizabeth, to its present state. Every body must have seen, that amongst those who produce all things, that is, amongst the labouring class, the desire to obtain to- bacco is one of the strongest motives to labour which is ever felt. But it is not necessary to confine our- selves to tobacco ; sugar and many other new com- modities were discovered and produced by means of colonization. The taste for these new commodities, produced new wants. A desire to satisfy them gave a new stimulus to the industry of Europe ; through that stimulus to the industry of Europe, and especi- ally of this country, industry has improved, to such a degree, that with a much smaller proportion of hands, we now produce an infinitely greater amount of food. I see Manchester and Liverpool the creatures of colo- nization. I see even the great improvements of agri- culture, which have taken place in this country during the last two hundred years would not sup- port more than 4,000,000 of people, and that having been stimulated by the desire of satisfying new wants, I attribute the power we now possess of maintaining, 12,000,000, instead of 4,000,000, to the influence of colonization. As emigration is one of the three great elements of colonization, emigration appears to me to be the means of increasing the population of the mother-country. 