THE ABORIGINES. [FROM MARTIN'S AUSTRAL-ASIA.] THE New Hollanders appear to form a distinct race, to which the term Papuas or oriental negroes has been assigned ; and whether on the northern and tropical, or southern and temperate shores of Australia, they possess the thick pro- minent lips, sunken eyes, high cheek bones, and calveless legs of the African, differing, however, in the hair, which (except in Van Dieman's Land, and the adjacent equally cold coast of Australia, where the heads of the natives are wooly) is long and coarse. The nose, though large, is not so flat as that of the Africanders ; indeed it is sometimes of a Roman form ; and the forehead is high, narrow, and at the crown formed somewhat after the manner of the roof of a house. They are of middle height, few being of lofty stature ; the women are small, and well made, as indeed is generally the case with the male sex ; the hands and feet small, the should- ers finely rounded, but the abdomen frequently protuberant and the arms long ; the features are not unpleasing in youth ; in some women, the smile may be considered fascinating, which added to an easiness of manner and a harmo- nious voice (especially in the pronunciation of English), has rendered several of the unfortunate Aborigines favourites with the white men. The colour of the skin and hair is in general black, but some tribes have been seen of a lighter co- lour, approaching that of a Malay, with hair of a reddish cast. Some possess large beards, but many pluck out the hair by the root. As is the case with all savages, the head is the principal part for decoration ; some divide the hair into small parcels, each of which is matted together with gum, and formed into lengths like the thrums of a mop ; others, by means of yellow gum, fasten on the head the front teeth of a kangaroo, the jaw bones of a fish, human teeth, feathers, pieces of wood, tails of dogs, &c.; Oil of any quality is used with avidity for preserving the skin from mosquitoes, &c.;, and the breasts, arms, back, &c.;, are covered at an early age with scars or wealed cicatrices of every variety of form. The males of most tribes have the front tooth struck out on attaining puberty, and the women are frequently observed with a joint of the little finger cut off. When going to war, or grieving for a deceased friend, or occasionally even for ornament, white and yellow pigments are applied in streaks over the whole body, according to the taste of the decorator, such as a large white circle round each eye, waving lines down and across the thighs and legs. In general it may be said, that the whole of the Aborigines of this vast island are of the same stock, though it is not a little singular that their language differs so much, that tribes within short distances of each other, unless inhabiting the bank of the same river, are quite strangers to each other, while almost every large community, or family as they may be termed, has its own peculiar dialect. Of their numbers it is difficult to form a correct idea ; depending, however, as they do, entirely on the chace or fishing, or on gum or bulbous roots, and subject to the effects of long droughts, the country is very thinly peopled. In some places, as in Cumberland County, no houses are constructed ; an overhanging rock, or a slip of bark placed upright against a tree, serving for temporary shelter. To the N. W. and S. W. houses have been found rudely constructed of bark, but without any kind of furniture or ornament. In many places a log of wood, or a wide slip of bark, tied at either end, and stuffed with clay, is the only mode invented for crossing a river or arm of the sea, while in other parts, a large tree, roughly hollowed by fire, forms the canoe. The nearest approximation to ingenuity is the fishing net, prepared by the women from fibres or grassy filaments. Their only cutting implements are made of stone, sometimes of jasper, fastened between a cleft stick with a hard gum. Their arms of offence or defence consists of the spear, boomerang, several kinds of waddies or nullah-nullah, a small stone tomahawk and bark-shield ; I do not think bows and arrows have ever been seen. The spear is about ten feet long, as thick as a man's finger, tapering to a point, sometimes jagged or barbed, and hardened in the fire ; this they can throw from fifty to sixty feet with great precision, the impetus being greatly increased by the use of the womera {woomera} or throwing stick, which is a piece of wood about three feet in length, three inches broad at one end, and going off to a point at the other, to which a sort of hook is fastened ; the hook is inserted into a small hole at the extremity of the spear, and the womera being grasped at the broad part acts somewhat on the principle of the sling, enabling a powerful man to send the spear, some say the distance of 100 yards. The boomerang is still more curious, it is of a curved form, made of a piece of hard wood, thirty to forty inches is length, two and a half to three inches wide at the broadest part, and tapering away at each end nearly to a point ; the concave part is from one-eighth to one-fourth of an inch thick, and the convex quite sharp. A native can throw this simple instrument forty or fifty yards, horizontally skimming along the surface not more than three or four feet from the ground, without touching which it will suddenly dart into the air to the height of fifty or sixty yards, describing a considerable curve, and finally fall at his feet ! During the whole of this evolution the boomerang keeps turning with great rapidity, like a piece of wood revolving on a pivot, and with a whizzing noise. Lieutenant Breton (who has paid much attention to the Aborigines) justly observes that it is not easy to comprehend by what law of projection the boomerang is made to take the singular direction it does. In the hands of a European it is a ticklish implement, as it may return and strike himself, but the Aborigine can inflict with it the most deadly wounds on others. The waddie and nullah-nullah are clubs of different size and solidity; the tomahawk is a piece of sharp- ened stone, frequently quartz, fixed in a cleft stick with gum ; with this they cut notches in the trees, and ascend them to the height of sixty feet though without a branch, and far too thick to be grasped. Their form of government is patri- archal ; each tribe consists of thirty to fifty men, women, and children (sometimes more), and has its own territory of about twenty or thirty square miles, on which no other tribe is permitted to encroach. It is probable that trespassing on each other grounds is one of the main causes of their frequent quarrels, war being the occupation in which they seem to delight. No laws or regulations for the government of the country have been discovered ; polygamy is practised ; women are treated in the most inhuman manner, wives being procured from adjacent tribes by stealing on the encampment during the night, beating a young girl on the head till she falls senseless, when her future spouse drags her off through the bushes, as a tiger would its prey. Too many instances have occurred to permit us to doubt that cannibalism is practised among many of the Australian tribes, and in a manner the most revolting ; not only are their enemies slain in war eaten, or those unfortunate Europeans who have fallen into their power ; but numerous examples have occurred of the father killing and eating his own offspring ! Hunger, long continued, intense, ravening hunger is the excuse made for such barbarism; they have been seen to bleed themselves, make a sort of cake with the blood, and then greedily devour it. Of religion, no form, no ceremonial, no idol has ever been discovered, but they possess many superstitions ; when one of their own tribe pays the debt of nature, they invariably destroy a native of another tribe, why or wherefore is not known. They have strange ideas of futurity, and the whites are considered reanimated beings who had formerly been their ancestors. The dead are buried generally in grave-yards of considerable extent, the earth elevated in an oval shape : sometimes they are burned. In an affray that took place on the Wollombi between two tribes, four men and two women of the Comleroy tribe were slain : Lieut. Breton describes the ceremony of their interment at a very pretty spot, in the following manner. The bodies of the men were placed on their backs in the form of a cross, head to head, each bound to a pole by bandages round the neck, middle, knees and ancles, the pole being behind the body ; the two women had their knees bent up and tied to the neck, while their hands were bound to their knees ; they were then placed so as to have their faces downwards: in fact, they were literally packed up in two heaps of earth, each of the form of a cone, about three feet high, and rather removed from the cross ; for the sup- posed inferiority of the women forbids their being interred with the men. The neatness and precision observed with respect to the cross and cones are very remarkable, both being raised to the same height, and so smoothly raked down, that it would puzzle the nicest observer to discover the slightest inequality in the form. The trees for some distance around to the height of fifteen or twenty feet, are carved over with grotesque figures, meant to represent kangaroos, emus, opossums, snakes, &c.;, with rude representations also of the different weapons they use. Round the cross they made a circle, about thirty feet in diameter, from which all rubbish was carefully removed, and another was made out- side the first, so as to leave a narrow interval between them ; within this interval, there were laid pieces of bark, each piece touching the rest, in the same way that tiles do. The devil, they say, will not leap over the bark, and cannot walk under it ! They will not pass a grave or grave-yard at night, and the name of the deceased is not again mentioned by his tribe. Their corrobaries, or nightly meetings at the full moon, have some resemblance to the devil-worship prevalent among the mountain tribes in Ceylon. The question will naturally arise, are the New Hollanders likely to continue, in conjunctim with the white race ? I fear not ; in the interior, their numbers seem to be diminishing from famine and war, and at Sydney and other towns, where they exist chiefly by begging, vice and disease are fast destroying them. They have an instinctive aversion to labour, very few instances having been known of their continuing for any length of time as agri- cultural servants. As constables in aid of the police they are sometimes employed, and from their being excellent shots, and possessing a keen scent and sight for tracing runaway prisoners in the forest, their services, when they can be induced to remain, are found very useful. An instance of their keen sight and scent occurred when I was in New South Wales. A settler on the great western road was missing from his small farm. His convict overseer gave out that he had gone off privately to England, and left the property in his care. This was thought extraordinary, as the settler was not in difficulties, and was a steady, prudent man ; the affair, how- ever, was almost forgotten, when one Saturday night, another settler was returning with his horse and cart from market. On arriving at a part of the fence on the road side, near the farm of his absent neighbour, he thought he saw him sitting on the fence ; immediately the farmer pulled up his mare, hailed his friend, and, receiving no answer, got out of the cart and went towards the fence; his neighbour (as he plainly appeared to be) quitted the fence, and crossed the fields towards a pond in the direction of his home, which it was supposed he had deserted. The farmer thought it strange, remounted his cart, and proceeded home. The next morning he went to his neighbour's cottage, expecting to see him ; but saw only the overseer, who laughed at the story, and said his master was by that time near the shores of England. The circumstance was so inexplicable that the farmer went to the nearest justice of the peace, related the preceding circum- stances, and added that he feared foul play had taken place. A native black who was (and I believe still is) attached to the station as a constable, was sent with some of the mounted police, and accompanied the farmer to the rails where the latter thought he saw, the evening before, his deceased friend. The spot was pointed out to the black, without showing him the direction which the lost person apparently took after quitting the fence. On close inspection, a part of the upper rail was observed to be discoloured ; it was scraped with a knife by the black, who next smelt at it and tasted it. Immediately after, he crossed the fence ; and took a straight direction for the pond near the cottage ; on its surface was a scum, which he took up in a leaf, and, after tasting and smelling, he declared it to be " white man's fat." Several times somewhat after the manner of a blood-hound, he coursed round the lake; at last he darted into the neighbouring thicket, and halted at a place containing some loose and decayed brushwood. On removing this, he thrust down the ramrod of his musket into the earth, smelt at it, and then desired the spectators to dig there. Instantly spades were brought from the cottage, and the body of the settler was found, with his skull fractured, and presenting every indication of having been some time immersed in water. The overseer, who was in possession of the property of the deceased, and who had invented the story of his departure for England, was committed to jail ; and tried for murder. The foregoing circumstantial evidence formed the main proofs. He was found guilty, sentenced to death, and went to the scaffold protest- ing his innocence. Here, however, his hardihood forsook him : he acknowledged the murder of his late master ; that he came behind him when, he was crossing the identical rail on which the farmer fancied he saw the deceased, and with one blow on the head, killed him— dragged the body to the pond, and threw it in ; but, after some days, took it out again, and buried it where it was found. The sagacity of the native black was remarkable ; but the unaccountable manner in which the murder was discovered, is one of the most inscrutable dispensations of Providence. That the aboriginal race will not be perpe- tuated is no longer doubtful. Governor Macquarie, and other humane individuals, took every possible pains to accustom them to the comforts of civilized life, but in vain. During one of my rides to Richmond, I saw standing the deserted huts of a place called Black Town, which were built and provided with every necessary for a the aborigines, but who could not be induced to remain fixed either there or any where else ; and it may be remembered that Bennilong, who was carried to England, after two years absence re- turned to his home, threw off his clothes, and again repaired in a state of nudity to the forest. Notwithstanding these unfavourable signs, I think we ought to persevere in our endeavours to save the wild and untutored savages from perishing ; self-interest, humanity, Christianity call on us so to do ; we have occupied their hunting and fishing grounds ; the kangaroo and the emu have disappeared before the plough and the reap- ing hook, and the subsistence of those children of Nature has vanished. There may not be much in the appearance, still less in the man- ners of the New Hollander, to excite our sym- pathy, for assuredly if Rousseau had visited the aborigines of New South Wales, the last links of the human race, with the exception of the Bosjesman of South Africa and the Veddah of Ceylon, he would not have hesitated as to whether savage or social life is to be preferred. But although this unfortunate race were ten-fold more hideous, more revolting, more barbarous than they are, we ought to—we must continue our efforts, and enjoy at least the satisfaction of knowing that nothing was left undone to civilize them. WILLIAM PENN ON MARRIAGE.—Do thou be wise : prefer a person before money—virtue before beauty—the mind before the body: then thou hast a friend, a companion, a second self—one that bears an equal share with thee in thy toils and troubles. ON THE BRAIN OF THE NEGRO, COMPARED WITH THAT OF THE EUROPEAN AND THE OURANG- OUTANG. — It has long been the prevailing opinion among naturalists that the negro race is inferior, both in the organisation and in intellectual powers, to the Euro- pean; and that in all the points of difference, it exhibits an approach to the monkey tribes. The object of the present paper is to institute a rigid inquiry into the validity of this opinion. Frederick Tideman has, for this purpose, examined an immense number of brains of persons of different sexes, of various ages, and belonging to different varieties of the human race; both by ascertaining their exact weight; and also by accurate measurement of the capacity of the cavity of the cranium, and has arrived at the follow- ing conclusions:—The weight of the brain of an adult male European varies from 3lbs 3oz, to 4lbs 11oz troy weight : that of the female weighs, on an average, from 4oz to 8oz less than that of the male. The brain usually attains its full dimensions at the age of seven or eight, and decreases in size in old age. At the time of birth, the brain bears a larger propor- tion to the size of the body than at any subsequent period of life, being then as one-sixth of the total weight; at two years of age it is one-fourteenth ; at three, one eighteenth; at fifteen, one-twenty-fourth; and in the adult period, that is, from the age of twenty to that of seventy, it is generally with in the limits of one-thirty-fifth and one-forty-fifth. In the case of adults, however, this proportion is much regulated by the condition of the body as to corpulence; being in thin persons from one-twenty-second to one-twenty- seventh, and in fat persons often only one-fiftieth, or even one- hundredth of the total weight of the body. The brain has been found to be particularly large in some indi- viduals possessed of extraordinary mental capacity. No perceptible difference exists either in the average weight or the average size of the brain of the negro and of the European; and the nerves are not larger, relatively to the size of the brain, in the for- mer than in the latter. In the external form of the brain of the negro a very slight difference only can be traced from that of the European; but there is absolutely no difference whatsoever in its internal structure, nor does the negro brain exhibit any greater resemblance to that of the ourang-outang than the brain of the European, excepting, perhaps, in the more symmetrical disposition of its convolutions. Many of the results which has thus deduced from his researches are at variance with the received opi- nions relative to the presumed inferiority of the negro structure, both in the conformation and in the relative dimensions of the brain; and he describes the erro- neous notions which have been hitherto entertained on these subjects, chiefly to prejudice created by the circumstance that the facial angle in the negro is smaller than in the European, and consequently, makes, in this respect, an approach to that of the ape, in which it is still farther diminished. The author denies that there is any innate difference in the intel- lectual faculties of these two varieties of the human race; and maintains that the apparent inferiority of the negro is altogether the result of the demoralising influence of slavery, and of the long-continued op- pression and cruelty which have been exercised to- wards this unhappy portion of mankind by their more early civilised, and, consequently, more successful competitors for the dominion of the world. CAMDEN PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. — At a late sci- entific meeting of this Society, Mr. Cheverton made some observations on the apparent Immobility of Bodies in rapid Motion, when seen by a sudden gleam of Light. He illustrated this position by nu- merous ingenious experiments, in which the light of the electric spark was made to illumine a wheel re- volving with great velocity. The effect was magical, and elicited a burst of admiration. The same effect is produced upon the eye by the sudden passage of the wheels of a carriage across a narrow pencil of light. It was likewise shown that a sudden "gleam of sight" performed the same effect as a "sudden gleam of light." If an engineer would ascertain the rapidity of the revolutions of the machinery of the steam-en- gine he looks across the diameter of the wheels, and is enabled at once to distinguish the successive revolu- tions of the radii. Mr. Cheverton also explained another peculiarity of motion, as seen by a sudden light, viz., that bodies revolving in one direction appear to be performing revolutions in the opposite sense ; this fact was illustrated by the deceptive movements of the phantoscope and has been observed also in the movenment of the wheels of the rotifer vulgaris. LEPROSY. — There is, near the walls of Morocco, about the north-west point, a village called the Vil- lage of Lepers. I had a curiosity to visit it. I mounted my horse, and took two horse-guards with me, and my own servant. We rode through the lepers' town. The inhabitants collected at the doors of their habitations, but did not approach us; they, for the most part, showed no external disfiguration, but were generally sallow. Some of the young women were very handsome; they have, however, a paucity of eyebrow, which, it must be allowed, is somewhat incompatible with beauty; some few had no eye- brows at all, which completely destroyed the effect of their dark animated eyes. They are obliged to wear a large straw hat, with a brim about nine inches wide: this is their badge of separation, a token of division between the clean and the unclean, which, when seen from the country or on the road, prevents any one from having personal contact with them. They are allowed to beg, and accordingly are seen by the sides of the roads, with their straw hat badge, and a wooden bowl before them to receive the charity of passengers, exclaiming, " Bestow on me the charity of God !" " All belongs to God !" reminding the passenger that he is a steward, and accountable for the appropriation of his property ; that he derives his property from the bounty and favour of God. When any one gives them money, they pronounce a blessing on him ; as " May God increase your good," &c.; The province of Haha abounds in lepers, and it is said that the Arganic oil, which is much used in food throughout this picturesque province, promotes this loathsome disease. — Jackson's Morocco. 