POLITICAL Ct RICAT7URES. WVe have leeir laughing over a long -arrear 'of the :political' sketches 'otf HlB, .amounting 'to upwaids 'of ascore. ' 'he -Tory bugtiboo, the mnighty .anl , figures. in most of liem in various shapes ; and it is -amusing'.to,see the moulifarious metanior phoses which the features and farm of Mr .O'Connell are made to, undergo by .,the " umoisrous ingenuity bfthe Tory limner. As the Ghost in. Hamlet, Dan waves.Lord Melbourne onward with the truncheon of Repeal': as an Irish donkey-driver, he is urging forward Lord Morpeth, on whose back sits Johny Russell in the side-saddle -.of " Appropriation: " as Friar. Tuck, he is carrying " Little John " over the strraam of o'ory opposition : as the future. L';rd SM-ayor. of.UDublin,, he walks in procession, preceded by Lord" John as usher, Lord '-lelbourne as sword-bearer, while Lords Mulgrave and Morpeth follow as two taill footmien :as:the Irish Tutor, hle is catechi zing-the class of little boys with mature • Ministerial faces,-the Repeal rod poking 'out of his pocket in case of need: his head, like that of Medusa, forms the ai tacking front of a batterin;:.ramn which the •..lMinisitrial phalanx are feebly :directing against the door of the House ofý Lords, whilst 'Wellington and Lyndhurst from Sabove bid them - defiance: ..as. the grat Boa of. a.knot of.,IRadical snak?s, he has coiled himself round John .Russell Lord .John,:Mr. .Spring Rice, and' Lordl M iorpeth being represented, as.. serpen't chiarmiers-aind wiilh forked tongue and deadly gaze is facinating'the Ministerial .-leaders:--as an.- Organ-grindler. 'with- Mr. Hume as his dog hboldingithe begging-pan, he parades the Dublin Election Petition, and mutely appeals to the pockets of the passengers : and last, as himself-a capi tal likeness-he is passing. by' poor Mr. Whittle Harvey, who. is standing, broom ;in.hand, ragged and hungry, with a plaecrd 'before him denoting an- ex M. P. reduced to sweep crossings for want. of a place. HB's last is a pair of;portraits of the little Chancellor of the Exchequer and the great Governor. of the Bank : the'likenesses are speaking ones. 