i 11zr" ?" ?at.? :?I+ .PLCKWICKI CLU:8. 7he Po Izsubits iPapers cft'he .rknitck'k Cloi. Editeid b3 Jo. . o4l07 Ng. Chapmnap & !all. (Concluded fro.nour Ias`.) We mirst now tproceed to lthe Ureut WVhite. Hnrse, where M iM. Iekwick. and 1 is: rinud4, wholly uncCdn'ciouis of tie preeedirng cireunistances, had sat quietly "*S%,fl .to dinner'~-- " llti. pPitiCvivik was in "the veiy act of rc iiliny-i his adVentiure of thie preceding nifbt,'tnothe great atlutiemeht of "his fol d*o'6rs, YIr. Tupmnan especially,when .the -door opened, and a somewhat foirbidding -countenance peeped into the ,brom. Th'. -e eds n the foh bidding eQUiteraitice ilookted very earnestly, at-Mr.. Pickwick for several seconds, and were, to all appearance, satis .lied. with their investigation ;for the body to ,vhich the forhiddeu countenance be= lInged, slonwly brought itself' into the apartment,;and presented the .form of an elderly ,.individual in. topu.? boots.ii?at, to keepithetreader any longer in uo pense, in short; the.y.e:,s wer?e 'tlhe. wv tring ebyes of Mr. Giummel?, ind. the body thebody of the same gentlerani . a , ? : f.'t r. Grumrmer,'s a.ode, of proceeding .w s professional, btit peculiar. " His first acet was tobo6i the door :on the. in-ide; higs seend, 'o ipolish. hliis bead and counte h(Sine very careful1' with a "cotton;,hand kerchief ; his third; to -place his. hat, .with Sthe otton halindkercthief in it, ; on :the ii ,arest cliiiir inad his : furth;, to 'prod uce from "the breuast-plef et of his" coat a 'short .truncheoti' suirmouiited.bya brazen:crown, lvith which he beekoncd'to Mr. -Pickwick wiih a gri. e and ghost.like air. "1. Mr. Snodgrass vwais:the first to break the astonished silence. iHe looked.9teadihl at' Mr. Gruinier for a brief. spa'e, 'and then said emiliatically-' this is a private rtm,,. Sir-- a private room.' " .. ' .Mr. Groimner B:sh6nk:. his -head, and repiled-= N. room's pirivate to His. Mn jesty wh en the ~treet :dour'si once. passed. 'hat's. law. ,Somie people maintains that an Englishm arn's houoe is his castle. That's . 'lThe P'ickwicki nns gazed on teach other: wiih ?,ondring eyes.':, S.. Which ,,is Mr.' Tupman . inquired Mr. Grummutr. He had an iutuitive- per ception of Mr.: Pickti ek ';' he knew himi at nee. '. - . c" 'M 1y tiume's Topiian', 'said that gen. tk mr au . " . • t.l'My. nsarite's Law,' snid Mr. Grunmmer. . . ' . What I'ssidMtl r. Tupman. " ''Law,' replied Mr. - Grummer,f law, civil poweri -nid- exekai ore -; them's may titles ; here's my autthority. :Blank ?T up tman, blank Pirckvckk-a·arinst the. peace of our, stirferin Lord.; the Kihg--stattite in that en e made nnti purwided- and all re .uliar. I apllreh?nd'~ilol Pidkv ck,°'I'upman, '-the aforesnid.' " ,What do you mean by this in4nlence?' said. Mr. .?'opulItnn. starting. gu-' Leave the r.'ptt ls'a"'e the lirooti.ti "' r' I lloo ,said M r'i Gr umnmer, rei?at very expleditiously tQ the dour, and opening i t an inc i or two, ' Dubbley.' ... .. " ' i' ' ell -:S'id a`l deeja 'voice: from: the passage. - . ". ' Come . for'itil, Dubbley,' 'sa:id Mr. Grummer. " .. ' At the'word of command, a dirly-faced man,cs.nirething over' six'feet high, and tifut" in, prinrtiodh, sqiueezed: himself ithroigh the half ipei,-door, 'making his face vere redin stlle. process, and entered the roi,. - " ,.. T the other :specials outside, Dubb 1y: ,' inqpiired' Mr. +Grtininr. : ... SMi. Dbbley,'iio was a'nian of : few 'io'ds. nodded assent.........: ...' Order in the diwiiona under your iliaree; I)ubbley,' saidlMr. Gr*lmmelr." *' Mir. Dubbley did-as' he was desired;. -and halfa-dozen men, each witha short truncheon and a brass crbowvn, flocked into the rooam. &'-* - \- *. Mr. Piekwick icinferred a few moments with Mr. Tupniaw apart, and-then siknified his readiness to proceed: iti.,l ihe Ma3 or's residence. merely beggicg. thebparties then -and there assembled to'take.otice, that it was his firm intention to resaent this mon trouns invssion of his privileges as an Engilistinaio the instant he was' it literty. .4- * " *But when Mr. rik Wick had:sig- 'ifled his 'readinesb to bow tbo the lans of hi deanntry;' nd jUist' "hen- -the . waiters, and .0 stlers, ancd chamer maids, - and iost tboy , whlo had anticipated a delightful .comrmotion froni his thdreatened .obstinacy, 'bega n "to turniIraivi, disapp,.inted :ind di'-a \--ati.ted, a dilffeiclty nrose which bad. u, t been r'ot'essen.. •With every-6,entitucnt of v'enc;ation for the constituted aunhoritie", -£r irc:.kwe k resolutely protesred* against making: lisa"nlpear'are ,in-the So: lic strelts, sursousded and guarded by the Qoficers of just:ce, like a common criminat. :-r r Grrunmer.in.the then distir) ed state pT pulic feeling (for it w'as hidf-holidaly, u-.indlihp boys had not yet gone home), as Siercolutely probtestled .aaihst walking on the lopposite side of tile way, and taking SMr. Pickwick's parole that he wouldt go .tfrliakhlt to the Magistrate's; and both SMtr, Pickwick and Mr. T'l'upman ais strena .iiuslv objected to the expense of a Post coach, which was the cnly respectable eon.veyance that could he obtnined. T''he dispute ran high, anid the dilemma Inated long; and just as the executive were ot the point of over omin.' Mr. Pikwick's objection1 tp "walking to the Magistrates. hy the trite extedient of carrying him. tchither, it was recollected tiat Ithere stood .: i l.the.inn ynrd an' old sedan chair, which •hasing beetn ori:inlly- built for i gout) .gentl man ?/l?l funided "lrolerty, would hold Mr. PicGwik kitnd Mt.'Tulimun, at lo?t'ia;s. cngeiLeenL.y.as a modern ,post. *haise. +.TheI ct.air wus hired, and brought Into lthe hall Mr. lPickwi?kk nd Mr. -:Ju'uman tqueezed.-themiselves inaside, and pulledndown tlhe blinds'; nacouple of chaiir ap n were fl)e dily foundtl, and the plri.ceS sti a din iraud oaider.: l'he sl edil vitrounaea 'the iodly of the vehicle, Mr. 1Grunimer and Mr. Dubbley marched tri- - umplhantly in front, Mr. Soodgrass.. and Mr. Winkle` walkeld 'arm i'n arm behind vtA the unsoaiped of Ipswich brought'- up the rear. * * "0 Mr. Weller. tabited in his morning jacket wi--h the black calico sleeves, was returhitig in a rather desponding state from en unsuccessfiul survey of the myste, rious hutise with the greent gate, when, raisibg his eyes, he beheld a crowd pour ing down the street, surroundini an object which -had tery much the appearance of a sedan chair. Willing to divert his thoughts from the failure of his enterprise, he step. ped aside to see the crowd pass;. and fibding that they were cheering away, very much to their own satisfaction, forthwith began (just by way of raising his spirits) to cheer too, with all his might and main. " Mr. Grummer passed, and Mr. Dub bley passed, and the sedan passed, and the body-guard of spelals- 'passed, and Sam was still. respondin;g to. the enthusia8tic cheers of the ntmob, and waving his hibt .about its if' he were in ;the, very last extreme `ofithe Wildest joy (.though of coirse lhe had 'iot the fitie'st' ideai f the tiiater ii'h?Id), when be"was suddenly stoplied'by the unexpecte~d appearance of Mr. :Winkle ~nd Mr'Sdiotlgras~. '" 'What's the i.;' getnl'rn'n':' cried Sam, 'Who have they. got. hin thiis ere watch-box-in mournin'.?' " Both.gentlemen replied together, .but their words, ere lost itsn the tuinult S"' tWho is it."' roared Stnn again. ". Once murewas n j- int reply returned; Aintl thuglh the';iords were inaudible, Sarh saw by.the' motion of ,he. two paits of lips that .they had uttered, the magic' word ' Pickwvick.' .. SThis .was enough. In another minute Mr. Weller had made his way through the crowd, stopped the chairmeni, and con, Tronted th- por'ly Grmmer. "' Hallo, old genl'tn'n,' said Sam,' Who have you.got in this here con-wvayance ?' `" ' Stand back,' s:idd Mr.. Grueinnie, whose dignity, like the digniity .of a great many other men, had hern wondrously augmented by.a little popularity. ",' Knock hinr down, if he don't,' sahi Mr. Dubbley. M'I'm wery much o'bliged t6 you;, old genl'm'n,' replied Sam; ' for consulting my conwenience, and I'm still more ob-iged to the other genl'm'n':ho looks as if hle'd just escaped .from a giaot's carrywan, fir. his wery 'ansome suggestion ; but I should prefer you givin' me.a answer to, my ques tion. if it's all thesamne,to you. How. are you,'ir'- This last.observation. was ad dressed, 'with a a?,atr,o?ising air,, to, Mr. Pickwick, who was peelping tbrough .the front window. . "' Mr. .Grumrner,& ?ee ty "seeetiles with iitdignati n, dragaed the trunnlt Io with the .brtsscrown ?rot its partiainrt li cketi, and flouiibhed. it, before' SawI s eyes, . A SAh,' sqid: Sa, its .werry pretty 'specially the L-rown,:which is uncomn?ion like the real one:. .. ' Stand back,, said the 'iutraged 'Mr. Grummer.,. By way of? ailting force tolthe command, he thrust the"bra~ss eiblemniof royalty into.Sam's neckclo:h' with one hand, and seized - Sam's collar with the other, a conipliment which Mr.~Weller ieturned by knocking him down out of -band, having previously,. with the utmost consideration, knocked down ,a chtir-lnaan fdr .hiti to lie "a Whether Mr. Winkle was seized with a temporary attack of::that species of in. sanity' which 'originates ii a sense of in jury, or animated by. this display of 1Mr. Weller's valour, is. incertain . but. certain it. is, .that he no, sooner 'saw Mr. Gruml. mer fall, than he made a terrific orislaught on a small boy who stood next him ; where upon Mr. .snodgrass, in, a truly 'christianti gspirit, and in order. that he might take no one unawares,, aninounced-in a very, loud. tone :that he was going to begin,. anti pro ceeded to take off his coat with the utnmost deliberation. He was immediately sur. rounded and secured; and it is hbi common justice both to him and Mr Winkle to say, that- they did siot make the slightest a'tempt to rescue either them selves or Mr. Weller, who, after a mnost viLorous resistance, was overp!owered by numbers, and taken pIrisoner. T-'he yr ," cession then re*formed, the chairmen re sutned their statitons, and the march was re'commenced. . " Mr. Pickwick's indignation during the whole of this proceeding was beyond all bounds. He could just see nam:upsetting the specials, and flying about in. evyery di rection, and that was all he could see, for the sedan doors wouldn't open, and. the bhlinds wouldtn't' pull up. At lyngth, with the assistance of Mr. Tutimatin, hemanaged to. push open the roof ; and I" ounting on the seat, and steadying hims If as well as he cOuld, by placing his--hand".0 a'th:at gen' tlemrinn's phoulder, Mr. Pickvwick pro ceeded to address the multitude ; to dwell upon the unjuitillable muinter in whlich he had been treated; antd to call upon them to take notice thait his .s rvant had b en first assatilted. And in this oder they reached tthe Magistrate's hli'ase; ilthe chair men trotting, the prisoners following, Mr. Pickwick oratorising, ahdthe crowd shout ing." . We shall give one specimen of Boa in a more sentimental humour r "o Mr. Pickwick bowed low to the ladiles and notwithstanding the 'solicito tions of ;he family, left the rooim with hih friende? .. .,, " .'.:Get your ba,-;Sam,' s.id:Mr. Pick w ick. ' . ,, . "**' It's heltw stairs, Sir,' said Sam .and ho'ran down after it. ' ." Now there was nobody"in i ie kit;chen but the,, pretty .hlouseiajid; and as Sam's hat was mislaid, lie had tolookl for It r n'd the pretty housemnaid lighted him.'' Th'ey Iad to Iok all ovur tue place fir the at ; and the pretty husemuaid, in hi.r nrinlety't,, ftd' it, went down on her knetes, qnd turnedt bi'i nill thi things that were heaped toge: jh'itr in a lit li'e' uer by tbe'dotr. It'wab an awkward corner. You could'nt.get at it without shutting the door first. "' * Here it is;' said the pretty housemaid. : This is it, ain't it ?' ".' Let am look,' said Sam. " "The pretty hIottsemaid had stood the candle oh the flnor, and as it gave a very dim light, Sant was obliged to go down on his knees before he could see whether it really was his own hat or not. It was a remarkably small corner, and so-it was nobody's fault but-the man's who built the house-Sam and the pretty housemaid were necessntily very close together.' " ' Yes this is it,' said Sam. ' Good bye.' C"f ' Good bye,' said the pretty . beuse maid. "' Good bye,' said Sam ; and as he said it, he dtopped the hat that had cost so much trouble looking for. , u'ini H iow awkward you anee' said the pretty .housemaid. .' You'll lose, it again, if you don't t-ake care.' "' So just to preivent his losing it again, tie put it on for him. " W hetber it was that the pretty house maid's face looked prettier still, when it was raised- t.wa'rd's Sarm's, or wh'ether' it .was the' aecidental consequence of their being: so iear' each other, is Ipatter of unteituin'ty to this day, but `Sam kissed her.. -. t t Yiu dt' ziieati teitij you ilid that on purpose,' said the pretty housemaid, "'No, I did'nt then-;'snid Sam; but I will tw?..' S-.'.hi?be.klssed hei again,. c" ' Saij,' said'1Mt . Pickick,iccaling over the bannisters. "'. Cothilng, si,' replied'Sainm running up stairs. . 9 "?.'f' i ' tZzg .,you.have been,'said Mr. Pickwick. "' There wa' somethin' behind: the dlori sir, whicilh- ierwented ;r fretting. it open for ever so long, replied -Sam." The illustia(it'e: ke:rtcliei' are amusing enough, and a few-of the varly ones were fronm.the pient.il of pior' Se niur ! WiVe haie sp;'ken of for hliinestly,;if plainly.; butwe earneily hlope and trust nothing we lnve isitid will tend to r-fin hiriii.l'Ve do not want to be the weekly H-ercules to his monthly .Antaeus, beciuse we are .satiatied,. that if hoe .were once, lifted from the earth he wouild lose much of his strength; be is not for 'he "cloud capp'd towers and gorgeous palaces," for he could not be easy in them or near them. M:r. Bulwet's play, the rDiuchess of La S?.illiere, is mnnottu'ed'f o perforimance at Covent Gardeni?on :,Wednesday... Othello and. Julius.'casar still continue to. drkw\v crowded house ;i affording-a new proof of the old remna'rk that Shhkspenre's plays' ithien'" well' acted;, have inexhaustible iciarms for pla'ygoers. SNAPOLEON. - The fol'owing incident has beeii rehited to us by an, oflicer, late in'lie '-Mfjesty's service, who was, a' pas aegier' b'y the Claudine; frotnm Mldras. It shows the reverence siill..ent,.rtlinied for Nnpoleon's memory by the :French::-, "When we anchored at St. Helena, a large French man-of war was lying n. tbhe rods, which had ju'st arrived from Rio Janeiro. The whole of the oflicers ahtd;crew,in fhll dress, marched to the ,tomb, . permission having been previously given by t!'e govern or. -Each individual:carred either, flowers or painted feathersas his offering. On urri vitig at the tomb, the whole body,.prostrn ted .themselves on the ground, .uttering the most; extravagant'prayers to the ,dead hero, and ,oi their departure hung on the iron railings their simple ornah?ents. 'The st rangers' book was filled with their. names, and the purport of their visit was '.Pour renare homage.' "-Courier. 