REMARKABLE APPARITION. During the reign of Louis XIV., a farrier, be- longing to the little village of Salon, in Provenge, a rived post haste at Versailles, and addressing himself to the major of the king's body-guard, desired to be conducted to the presence of his ma- jesty, of whom he wished to obtain a private au- dience. Thereupon the king gave orders that he should have an interview with Pomponne, minster of state, to whom the farrier accordingly revealed the following strange story. It appears, from his own account, that on his return homewards, late one evening, he found himself suddenly encircled by a brilliant light, as he passed by a tree close to Salon. A phantom, clothed in white, and with the external emblems of royalty, of a fair and seemly appearance, and a countenance of descling magesty, called him by name, desired him to listen atten- tively and conversed with him for more than half an hour, revealing to him that she was the queen, the former consort of the king. The apparition then commanded him to repair on the instant to his majesty, and to requaint him with certain matters which she had just communicated, adding, that Providence would protect him on his journey, and that the mention of a particular secret which was, and could be known to the king alone, would convince the latter of the messenger's veracity. The apparition ordered him, in case he should find it impossible to speak to the king in the first instance, to demand an audience of one of the min- isters of state , but forbade him, at his peril, to confer with any 0ther; and strictly enjoined him to reserve certain details for the king's ear alone. The farrier was ordered to depart with all speed, and execute bodly and faithfully the commands of the apparition, who assured him, that if he neglected the slightest particular, he should be unfallibly punished by death. The farrier, in fear and trembling, promised implicit obedience, and the queen immediately dis- appeared, leaving him at the foot of the tree in most profound obscurity. He presently arose, scarcely knowing if he been really awake; and at last returned home, persuaded that the whole was an illusion of his senses and that he would be to observe a strict silence on the subject. days afterwards as he passed by the same spot, and same vision appeared to him a second time, and the same orders were repeated. The farrier was more- over sternly rebuked for his doubt, and menaced anew in case of disobedience. He was or- dered to report forthwith to the intedant of the province what he had seen, and the order he had received , the phantom adding that the intendant would most assuidlv furnish him with money to defray the expenses of his journev. This time the farrier entertained no doubts of the reality of the vision , but undecided and balancing between the fear of the apparition's threats, and the difficulties attending the execution of the orders be had re- ceived, he knew not what resolution to adopt, and ended by determining lo confine the secret of his perplexities to his own breast. He remained eight days in a state of indescr - bable embarrassment, and seemed at last to have decided upon not undertaking the journey, when passing again by the same place, he for the third time saw the same vision. The same orders as belora were repeated , and, this time, menaces as so terrible were added, in the event of disobedience, that the farrier judged it a advisable to set off without a moment's delay. On the second day from the ast appearance of the phantom, he repaired lo Aix, to the intendant of the province, who, without he- sitation, exhorted him to pursue his journey, and furnished him with the means of taking his place in a public vehicle. The farrier had three audiences of M. de Pomponue, and each time remained closeted with him for more two hours. After each conference, the minister had a private audience of the king, who desired that the matter might be discussed more at large at a council of state. The members a of this council sat long in debate. The result was that the farrier was admitted to a private audience of the king, sho received him in in his closet He was conducted to the royal presence by the private staircase leading from the marble court- yard, by which his majesty usually passed when he enjoyed the amusement of the chase, or took an airing in his carriage. A few days afterwards, the king received him again and each time continued alone with him for nearly an hour strict orders being given that none should be permitted to remain within hearing. After his second reception of the farrier, his majesty declared that that extraordinary personage had mentioned a circumstance which had happened to him (the king) more than twenty yenrs before, and which, but for supernatural interference, could be known to himsell alone, as he had never revealed it to a human being. The circumstance alluded to the king added, was the apparition of a phantom that he had seen in the forest of St. Germain, when riding there alone , and of which his majesty solemnly affirmed that he had never before before spoken to mortal ear. The king, on subse- quent occasions,, expressed himself in the most favourable terms with regard to the farrier, whose expenses were defrayed by his order, and who, besides being sent back to his province at his majesty's expense, received a considerable present in money. The intendant of the province was more- over ordered to take him under his special protec- tion, with a strict charge that he should suffer him to want for nothing during the remainder of his existence. He was recommended, however, not to elevate him above his original humble recreation - Memoires Complets et Authentiques du Duc de Saint Simon NAPOLEON WORSHIPPED BY THE CHINESE.—An English Missionary in Java states, that in ihe village of Builicz irg, in the vicinity of Batavia, exists a colony of two thousand Chinese. Among them has bterfund a European panning of Napoleon Bonaparte, in a gilt frame, to which the people offer in eise, and pay their morning and evening vows. In remote eastern countries the roost mystical and extraordinary s'ories are related of Napoleon, lo Hindostán be ia supposed to be a Í ninth incarceration of Vishnu. Tim is a specimen of the manner in which hero worship was established duiini; the early age» of the world. APOPLECTIC HOMILIF.S.—Poets and authors, whose fame was established some twenty years since, occasionally produce a new work, with out betraying the slightest consciousness of having presented til o wntld willi an apoplectic homily. Fonienelle was perhaps the only writer who con- fessed a diminution of his intellectual powe-s in old age. He well knew how necessary memory is to the understandim,', and, conseqtien ly, to the eupply of wit. Memory collects ideas, (he understanding arranges tilem, and judgment determines the pro- priety of their union. In speaking of ihe Iocs of memmy Isla in life, the admired uuthnr already referred to observes, " I am on the po'nt of remov- ing to another country, aud m.mory la sent iff before with tho heavy Imegage." CINDERELLA.—The foundation of the popular nursery tola of Cimier« la may bs foind in the Greek author JE tun ; who »iv», " H bo lope, the faires' Imly in a I E^ypt while bathing, lost her shoe, which was suden hy uri eagl>*. Tim eagle luid it on the lap of P.-atumeticus, the klug of Egy pt ¡ who sTiiok with admiration at ihe symmetry of the foot to which (bo shoe belonged, mu gular a Iventure lill he became enamoured of th« fair owner, ol' whom his enraptured ¡run"'¡nat¡on drew ihe most flittering picture. Hy royal command, proclamation waa instantly made, O'derin«; the wearer of die shoe to iippeir forthwith at court, I'lii virgin pre-e neil herself before the kiog, to whom she was immediately nvvried. COMPARISON NOT ODIOUS.-At the house of Madame lu Duchesse ne Manie, the com- pany one day amused themselves by the discovery of ingenious leaemblances and diffar-ncrs. " What difference." said (be duchess to lb» Cardinal ila Polignnc, ' is (hera between me and a watch 1" " Madame," replied die Cardinal, " n watch marks the hours ; vu make us forget ihem." TRIAL OF SKILL BETWEKN TWO MA- GICIANS. From a scares Treutise on Magic -" Two magicians," eeitb D Irin, '' met together in the Queen Etnpres» Mali.du'» court, as I IIBVO 'rnm unquestionable witnesses 1 b^ee two bound tlnrc selvee, that in any one thing they chose to command ihey should infallibly obey each other. One old-red (he other to thrust bia bead out of a window thal looked from a gallery into die royal hall, lor it was a publio exhibition of »kill. He bad no sooner done so, iban a large pair cf »tag'« born» war« seen planted on hi» forehead, to ihe great delight of the whole court below, who flouted him with a thousand meek» and (Hunts. II», representing the disgrace, and thirsting for revenge, when bis turn caine io be obeyed, sketched on the wall with charcoal Ibe lik- nes* of bis rival in bia natural proportions, and cowman led bim to stand within the outline; Iba other, appre- hensive of saine teir fie .danger, imp oreu and en- treated to ha* excused ; but being bound by Ins agreement he was iiiereunto compelled ; and as I a approached, the wall yawned and opened, and pre .emly »wa lowed him up. II» waa novar more »een. and lb« terror that le'l on all n prevented tkem from questioning or punuhin/ 'he auccassfulmagician."-Delrio, Disquititonn Magiern 