THE HAUNTED CHAMBER. (From the Dublin Penny Journal.) Give an Irish peasant, after the labours of the day, a comfortable turf fire, place him around it with all the young and old of his ac- quaintances let the tale of ghost and goblin go around let him listen to the garrulity of old age, as it records the wondrous adventures that happened while the bloom of youth were yet upon its cheek, and he will deem himself happier than the sons of the noble and the wealthy of the land, for whom the proud mansion shines in splendid magnificence, while the sounds of merriment and rivalry re-echo through its halls. No country ever abounded more in the tales of the wonderful than Ireland ; not a sod throughout its wide extent that is not associated with the recollection of some preternatural occurrence. Walk with a peasant through any part of the country, and this was the residence of a Ghost-that was the abode of the Fairies, here a horrid murder had been committed, which accounts for its being shunned by the weary traveller, and there some faithless damsel had broken the plighted row, while even hence her white shadowy form is seen to glide in the moonlight across the green award, which has been witness to her perfidy, Superstition is natural to man, and it has existed in all ages, it is strange, however, that all nations, though characterised each by a sort of superstition peculiar to themselves, yet agree in one point namely, a firm belief in the existence of a mysterious connection between this and the world of spirits. Philosophy may endeavour to prove the fallacy of such opinions, and no doubt can do so to a considerable extent, but yet some regard must be paid to the general concurrence of mankind, and in deference to it 'tis only fair to imagine, that at one period of the world, the grave was not " the bourne from which no traveller returns," but that, the spirits of the dead have frequently been permitted to revisit the scene of their earthly pilgrimage;- Ireland, however, the land of fay and of fairy-of glen and of valley, peopled with strange and incorporeal beings, is more filled with wondrous stories that excite in us " thoughts beyond the reaching our souls," than any other country perhaps in the world. After all, it may not be unprofitable that such things should have been believed in; by means of them semblance of its early national character have been preserved, and a knowledge of the manners and customs of its aboriginal inhabitants, which would otherwise have been lost, has come down to us, lighted through the dark vista of successive generations, by the adventitious lustre of traditionary legends. The diffusion of Christianity now tends to weaken and almost to destroy our credulity, but nevertheless, it is pleas- ing occasionally to lift the veil of oblivion, which time has spread over the events of by-gone days, and view the state of the human mind before the light of revelation had spread its refulgence over the world. in the western part of Ireland stands a large and beautiful Castle, the residence of a very old and wealthy family. It is finely and romantically situated ; all the beauties of nature seem to be clustered together in rich profusion around it a large lake rolls its glossy waters in front, thickly planted around with trees of all kinds, which in some parts rearing their vast foliage to a considerable height, are reflected back in sombre relief from its clear and mirror-like surface. Behind it at some distance, a long range of mountains, in some parts thickly planted to their summits, rise in sublime grandeur till they almost lose themselves in the clouds ; the Castle itself, which has been lately rebuilt, except one old ivy covered tower that has been allowed to remain a evidence of its antiquity, is large, spacious, and now embellished with all the beauties of modern architecture. From parts of it may be seen the broad sweep of the Atlantic, heaving along a majestic swell ; a spacious plaza in front, supported by musy magnificent pillars of the Corinthian order, give it at first view a dark imposing appearance. Before the Cutle was rebuilt, a large fissure in the wall was very remarkable, the more so, as according to the story, it could never be repaired. Frequent attempts had been made, but all proved ineffectual ; the work went on very well by day, but after the interval of one night it resumed its former appearance. Parties had often sat up in order to discover the means by which such a strange counteraction of their labour was effected-they saw nothing, they heard nothing, and yet in the morning the same old crack was visible in the wall. The reason that is given for it is this Some centuries before there was one room in the Cutie which was said to be haunted ; strange and confused noises had been heard in it, till at last it was shut up and completely deserted, no one wishing to expose themselves to the horrors which had been endured by those who had already ventured to sleep in it ; many daring persons had made the experiment, and the account given by them was truly wonderful. Some had the most frightful and appalling dreams of bloodshed and murder, which they saw perpetrated before them, while the bed on which they lay was floating in a boundless sea of blood, which was lit up by a blue sulphur light. Some imagined that they were taken to the son of a high precipitous cliff, beneath which lay the infernal regions, while by some unseen power, they were plunged into the fiery abyss below. Some thought that they were conveyed to a dismal vault lined round with skeletons, each holding a torch, which emitted a blue sulphurous light, while a type of the same bird seemed to cut its horrid glare through the empty sockets of their eyes, and occasionally they sent forth' an unearthly high, that re-echoed through the vaults. Others thought that they had seen the devil stalking through the room. It was also remarked of all who had ever slept in the room, that they never survived long, but generally pined away without any apparent cause. The wonderful events connected with this room spread far and wide, and though it was now completely shut up, yet the domestics w ere frequently frightened by the horrid noises which proceeded from it. Abalief , existed in those days, that the devil had frequently < selected particular places on earth, which he visited with his presence ; such selection was generally supposed to indicate that the place thus pitched upon, had at some period been the MOM of some dreadful murder, or other crime, by which it had been polluted, and it was supposed that he could not be dispossessed of his thus strangely acquired tenement, or the place itself freed from its defilement except by some mysterious mode of exorcism and subsequent purification, known only to the priests, who failed not to prove the high value which they set upon this secret knowledge, by the exorbitant of their demand, whenever applied to to exert their sacerdotal influence. In accordance with this belief, a neighbouring monk was applied to, and when the terms, upon which be agreed to expel the evil spirits were finally settled, he took up his residence at the house; he went through a long and tedious ordeal of preparation, such as fasting, praying, and other sorts of penitential duties for some weeks. At length, when the necessary preliminaries were arranged, he took up his night's abode in the room ; he brought with him his missal, a pair of wax candles, and a human skull, what use he made of the skull could never be discovered. On the first night nothing remarkable happened, on the second the noise was long and more confused than usual on the third night, which was to determine the event, the noises increased, a dense body of smoke issued from the room, and towards the approach of morning, a terrible crash, which shook the house to its foundation, was heard, and the priest came out exulting in his victory ; the devil had sprung through the will and had caused the fissure, which never could be filled up while one stone of the old wall remained. The priest was handsomely rewarded, the fame of the occurrence soon spread over the kingdoms long was the spot through which the devil had escaped pointed out to the spectators. The form of all, however, is now changed ; never since have any noises been heard, and people sleep in it, forgetful that even once it had been the scene of so extraordinary an occurrence. APROPOS OF ELOQUENCE. The following wild story is not wholly inappropriate to the subject of our rambling sketch. In one of the wildest mountain districts of this kingdom, it chanced, some ninety or one hundred years ago, that a farmer came to settle. The inhabitants had previously been shepherds or goatherds, of that rude and uncultivated class termed " Boolies" by Spenser. The farmer had an exquisitely beautiful daughter, who was betrothed to a young man in the part of the country she had left. Their nuptials were to be celebrated the following year. Meantime she was seen and beloved by one of the rude hands of the district where she now resided a creature so uncouth and uncomely, that, bating the tail and horns, he might well pass for the impersonation of some shaggy satyr. She refused his addresses at first with her native gentleness and finding that be still persevered, she repulsed him more roughly. He seemed satisfied with his rejection, and the circumstance was almost for gotten ; until one day, returning rather late from a distant ramble, the girl suddenly encountered her unpalatable lover in a lonely mountain pass. He renewed his addresses with alarming fervour and on the lady's repeating her refusal, he proceeded to take certain liberties, which she resented in a manner that excited the worst passions of his savage nature. To be brief, he hurled her slight form down a mountain torrent, which swept her from sight in an instant. The murderer returned to his home, and kept his secret so well, that suspicion never fastened on him. Months passed winter approached-when one Sabbath-day flat the rustic congregation were assembled at nuts, a grave and reverend person, with flowing grey hair, made his appearance at the altar, and whispered a few words to the officiating priest. The congregation gazed in mute astonishment : the stranger was totally unknown to them all, but their sympathies were all indefinably excited towards him, from the benign and apostolic expression of his venerable countenance. It appeared that his whisper to the priest was a request for permission to preach, which was readily granted. When mass was at an end, he ascended the pulpit, and in a strain of oratory more than human, dwelt on the obligation of man to his Creator, the necessity of observing his laws, and the divine justice, which assuredly awaited the im- penitent offender. Every one of his auditors was sensibly affected ; they never had heard so powerful and awakening so appeal ; many wept, and the ruffian slayer of the innocent girl was observed to shudder violently. The preacher paused for a few moments, u if to leave time for the individual application of his precepts. He then resumed, in a tone of thinking, penetrating power, yet low and solemn' Is there one here who nurses his secret, unrepented sin, within his bosom? Is there one here that has hurried a virtuous and unoffending fellow creature to eternity, and yet both not acknowledged his crime t Is there one here (and his tones became more supernaturally searching) that consigned the form of the innocent girl he affected to love to a watery grave, and who thought that because no human eye was upon him he should therefore escape vengeance 1 He his sin not found him out ?' Is not his breast corroded with the anguish of remorse T Would he not wish - eye! hath he not often wished that he had been hurled down the mountain torrent, and that she was now alive 1 Does he not wish it st this very moment?" The agitation of the guilty wretch now become union- trollable he no longer could contain. "Yes I" he exclaimed, " I wish it with all the veins of my heart He forthwith made an open, unreserved confession, and subsequently surrendering himself to justice, was executed for the crime he had committed. The priest accompanied the eloquent preacher from the chapel, through a wild healthy valley encumbered with masses of scattered rocks ; he pressed him strongly to come to his house and partake of some refreshment. But the preacher resolutely declined; and when they reached the wildest part of the valley, he whistled, and was instantly answered by the neighing of a large grey horse that had been feed- ing, unfettered, on the herbage. The animal approached him, and seemed by his mute actions to rejoice at meeting his master. He bounded on the back of his steed, and turning round once more to the priest, thus expressed himself:-" Do not attempt to come any farther with me. Who I am you shall not know, I do my master's service. I know not the people of yourmountains,and they know not me ; but this day will never be forgotten among them. I desire to be remembered among them the avenger of innocent blood. Farewell." At these words he struck his head with a switch, and disappearing behind a thicket, the priest saw him no more. Who he was, or in what manner he discovered the circumstance of the murder, never was known. But his eloquent sermon is said to have produced lasting blessings in the district; the manners of its lawless inhabitants were softened, and their characters improved by his powerful appeal, and the striking and impressive event that accompanied it. 