TO THE RIGHT REV. Dtt. POLDING, CATHOLIC BISHOP OF NEW HOLLAND, VICAR APOSTOLIC, &c;, Sea. My Loud, — The infamous attacks on tho religion jf Jesus Christ, and on its Ministers and Professors, io ontrageously persisted in by the hireling Janizaries )f the 6'urfnei/ Gazette, although beneath the notico of men oi sensu, ur vtriitE, require, nu«c»ci, tn«v same notice should be taken of them, and the authors of such attacks taught to know thut they are not themselves impenetrable. To expose, therefore, to public detestation the falsehoods and fabrications of thut favourite flguro of speech — the lie — which have been disseminated in every direction to vilify and undermine the faith and discipline of the true and only Church of Christ, would occupy the labor of many heads and hands, if indeed the disgusting task could ever be accomplished. These designed blows however, often fail of their intended effect, and lead to consequences the reverse of that which: is desired. The malignant lik of the hireling defamer of Catholicity frequently startles the good aenso of tho well-meaning Protestant, who, on enquiring into the truth finds the right road to salvation, — 'that on which even fools cannot, err.' It is, melancholy, My Lord, to hear these men accuse the Catholic Priesthood of acts of immorality, — men who owe their religion (if auy they have) to the immorality of tho English Nero, and ono or two degraded Catholjc Friars ; one of the latter did not profess to be guided by the authority of God reveal ing, or tho authority of God inspiring, but by the persuasions and arguments of the Devil 1 This astonishing fact, My Lord, I need not remind you of ; Luther, by n just judgment of God, divulged with his own lips, nnd published, in the German, with his own laid, nnd ufterwards procured the narrative to be translated into Latin by his familiar disciple, Justus Jonas. In this we have incontestiblc evidence that the Sable Gentleman was tho potent stirrer-up of the revolt — the grand Punorama which revolutionized tho hull' of Christendom, — und that Luther, inflamed with pride and lust, hcig1 'cned by potations out of his famous two-pint cup, called ' Tho Catechetical Cup,' waa only the Sablo Gentleman's Lieutenant General, — while Miss Kate Boran acted tho part- of Aid-de-Camp. Having thus abandoned himself to the direction of the Devil, and given way to his in flamed lusts, ho took Kuto Boran as his helpmate, but was not allowed to have 'the solace of his Kate uninteiraptjd — for he says the Devil, at times, laid closer to him thnn Kate, and that he had eaten a bushel with hUsablo companion and schoolmaster. When Henry VIII had separated his kingdom from tho Apostolical See, every reader of English History knows that it was for tho purpose of gratifying his beastly lust. Kdward VI abolished by Act of Par liament all canonical and civil prohibitions relating to tho marriage of Priests und religious forms ; but Mary soon after repealed that law, and now the Soc tuKcj use every effort to get it re-established — yet they take up with women ; not according to law ; they even contract marriages two or three times in opposition to the Canons ; and not only contrary to the custom of the Latin, but oven to that of the Greek Church.' They maintain, in order to justify their lewdness, that they are not certain of the gift, and accommodate scripture to their incontinence ; and as to the choice of their wives, they are in general so negligent or over-hasty, that in nine cases in ten they pick up women of depraved habits. Tho Uazelte hirelings arc aware that were I disposed I could mention names, but I leave this course to the ' independent' Editors. If, My Lord, thero is ouo practice more wicked thun another among tho Sectaries, it is tho conduct of the young and unmarried Preachers, who endeavour to instil the passion of prophanc love into thu hearts of their female hearers, by thcirdrcss and tho affected elegance of thuir discourses, aml.wlmt U more detestable, they misapply tho words of tho Canticle of Cantielcs,which thu Holy Ghost inspired in order to express thu lovo of Christ for hia chaste spouse, the Catholic Church ; ami it is notorious thnt tho extravagance of the wives frequently loaves tho Preachers in no very enviable situation ; in this I think 1 might refer to ono of tho ' Independent' Editors of tho Sydney Gazelle. ' Tho Historian Hume has truly characterized the miscalled Reformers as fanatics and bigots, but he might have added hypocrites, — men who, whilo profesming the most high-flown pretensions, were in their conduct brutal, selfish, and lustful, and their unhappy fol lowers ridicule chastity, tliit ornament of tho soul.the fairest featuro of the heart, and the most graceful embellishment ofmnnncrs, the triumph of grace over corruption, nnd of religion over Satan. Tho Ancient Fathers say tlmt ?' it equrils man to Angels,' and that ' Angels respect tho man that possesses it.' If I look fur chastity, it is not to the canting MothodUt I must go, neither is it to the rencgndu Catholic — tho rmndcrcr to tho passions of the New Zealand savages. The namo of renegade is every where pursued by scorn and detestation. Which ia tho meanest of all animals in Algiers? — the dog that howls at night in tho public streets, and rakes for food among tho sepulchres of the Jews beaido the city ? — no 1 But tho renegade, — tho circumcised dog, — Who adopts religion for gain I Yet it U an individual like this who volun teers to defatno tha Catholic Priesthood. Tho attempt Is vniu and idle. Who aro tiie Catholic Priesthood ? They are n grunt incorporation of tho Ministers of Gad, and of that religion, which tho Prophut foretold should extern! from, tho rising to the setting Him, which has been propagated anil promulgated from Peru to Cliinu, — from tho East to tho West Indies, — from Pole to Pole, touching tho samo doctrines, administering thu simiu nacramcnts, uud offering up tho adorable s;icriiii:e of tho Redeemer. Wherever imin is found nnd 'God adored, to whom in tho worM indebted for tho diffusion of: tho knowladgo of our Divino Reduatncr? la It to tho Miasiounrius of I'rov Bestantiam ? Who nlnutiiil tho Cross In that region of iiitirtrydoin, tho IsluuU of ?Inpati ? Who unfurled tho rtnmlnrri of Christ in tho wildrf of Puftiguay ?; — who uini)unccd the Gospel In Gad? — who hutthu Catholic Priesthood I Thuy do not go forth to ' teaoh nil .latiims' encumbered with wives, or children, or ??itittkots, or uthur ' tradu' Htulf, but with tho Cross n oiin hand, mid the llruvlnry in tho other. Tho Catholic I'riuHtliuoil inny well durido tho impotent iilloits which nro muda to bring their church into Icriitioii. It la not necessary, My Lord, thut I should travel back to nny remote jicrio.l j from tho scaffolds jf tho French Revolution tho Priesthood of Uomo lifts Lip its sereno and mitred head, and presents to the fi'orld tho renovated spectacle of imirtrydom, bearing attestation with the heroism of Primitive Christianity to everlasting truth. Your Lordsh'ip is aware that' \yhen the Eighth Henry assumed, the , supremacy of ' the Church, bis next project was to- dispossess the nii.vi. Bishops of their spiritual power, and the temporal privileges confirmed to them by Magnn Cliartu; the chain of unity in faith being thus broken (as it is to this day), and Religious belief being-, grounded on Acts of Par liament, diversity of opinion soon sprung up which no human laws could prevent. The (laughter of that brutal king made laws which made it criminal for a Catholic to teach or to learn tho very alphabet, and had a Catholic Priest ventured to revisit his native home, lie would have been seized as a traitor, con veyed to Tyburn, and allowed the liberty of hanging, or have his heart torn from his still breathing body. I do not say,' My Lord, that the Botany Bny band of Tories would wish to see those laws re-enacted, but if any faith is to be' placed in their hired writers,their acts show what spirit guides them. St. Paul claimed the privilege of a Roman Citizen, and although his kingdom and yours are not of this world, it would be well to teach these defamers of the greater part of the Christian world that they are not to usurp the offices both df judges and jurors. These individuals would go back to the days of their. ' Darling' idol, — that Governor who, whilo he lavished some .£'30,000 in laying out and making roads to tho estates of hia relatives, gave from Die Public Treasury the sum of j£?35 for the moral and religious instruction of one third of the King's loyal and devoted Catholic servants. I have the honor to remain, My Lord, ONE OF YOUR FLOCK. [There is great nonsense in the above — but let the peaceful opponents of toleration see from it what manner of spirit they raise by their equally absurd abuse of tho Catholic Church.- — Ed.] 