BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. By the Worth Briton, from Leith the 9th May, intelligence from London to the 6th has been received. We have no newspapers of our own, indeed our direct channels of communication are from London and Liverpool alone, but Mr. Robertson, of the True Colonist, who has many newspapers, London and Scottish, to the last date, has very handsomely permitted us to have the benefit of their perusal. The first great object with the Colonists is the new Charter. As we have repeatedly anticipated that it would be, it had riot been even mentioned in Parliament up to the above date! Farther it is unnecessary to say thereoD, when it is seen that the situation of the Ministers is any thing but comfortable. It is by no means improbable that the determination of the Lords to resist, as before, every measure of Reform, will have compelled a dissolution before the month of May was concluded ! So,strong was the anticipation of this, that -at every great constituency in the United Kingdom the cry of preparation of war loudly resounded. We can only, in oiir present number, give a summary of the principal events, in our next we shall give details. The King was at ft indsor, said to be in tolerably good health. The Lords had shown so fixed a determination to reject all liberal measures, that L(ftd Brougham publicly stated upon the intrbduction of the Irish Municipal Bill, that the attempt by Ministers to introduce any measure of Reform, in the existing ifate of that House, mas a perfect farce" The King has knighted the Chief Justice of New South Wales, Mr. Forbes.— We believe thBt a commission empowering Sir John Franklin to confer a similar honor on the Chief Justice Pedder, is on the way here. Mr. Leader one of the Parliamentary Radical leaders, M. P. for Bridgewater, Willi Sir Francis Burdett, an avowed Tory, Ibave both accepted the Children Hundreds to try the strength of their respective parties for Westminster. In Sir Francis Burdett's address, which is full of abuse of the Radicals; he asks the electors whether *'they wish the building of the constitution to be demolished." How the old gentleman can have recourse to sucli'hacknied rubbish in the face of all his old addresses about the necessity of demolishing it, we are at a loss to understand. Sir George Murray was also announced as a candidate upon the direct Tory interest. The going into committee upon the Irish Municipal Bill was deferred for a month in the Lords on the 5th May by a majority of 77! The Chancellor of the Exchequer was to open the Budget on the 8th May. A man named Greenacre, who barbarously murdered a woman with whom he cohabited, was executed on the 2nd May. It was the first execution in London for the last three years. The House of Stuart Majoribanks, Ferrier, & Co., has failed for a million of money. Mr. Campbell Majoribanks (brother of Stewart) is the head partner (the Duchess of St. Albans being only nominal) in the banking house of Coutts and Co. The mercantile distress in England is appalling! We shall give some interesting details in our next. In America the distress is as bad. In New York alone, the failures have been to the extent of twelve millions sterling! The Irish Poor Law Bill has passed the Commons. It is to be rejected in the Lords. General Evans and the British Legion were to return to England on the 10th June. Sir Robert Peel spoke at much length on the debate upon the Criminal Law Amendment Bill. HE WAS DECIDEDLY WITH MI- NISTERS FOB THE ABOLITION OF TRANS- PORTATION, and went even farther. He contended that the intended substitution of very lengthened imprisonment was at vari- ) ance equally with policy as with humanity. The Tories have, after all, many redeeming qualities. The House of Commons, during one whole week of the latter end of April, was occupied with discussions upon the Spanish question — Don Carlos, General Evans, Queen Maria, &c.; &c.; It produced many very intemperate scenes, and ended in nothing. A Select Committee has been appointed upon the motion of Dr. Bowring, to examine into the nature of the Colonial Expenditure, and the cause of its extent. Perhaps the Ordnance " confidential communications" may be of considerable use in this enquiry. After a weeks' debating, Ministers had a majority, approving their conduct in respect to Spain, of 278 against 242. One of the great objections of the Tories to General Evans was, that he fought on Sundays. Colonel Thompson, M.P. for Hull, a gallant Peninsular soldier, reminded Sir H. Hardinge of the Sunday fighting (Easter Sunday too) of Lord Wellington at Toulouse, and of the Storming of Buenos Ayres by Whitelock on Sunday, and of his order too (proved by Sir Richard Bourke on the Court Martial) that no quarter should be given J / ! The obnoxious resolutions respecting Canada, passed the Commons by a majority of 182 against 29! Pretty hopes for a liberal Charter for these " PENAL SET- TLEMENTS !!!" Lady Augusta Gordon (one of the King's daughters by Mrs. Jordan) is appointed housekeeper at Kensington Palace, with a of £1000 per annum. Her predece*or, poor old Lady de Lisle, had only •£300 per annum. Very extensive preparations are making for the Transportation Abolition System. Penetentiaries upon very large 6cales are already in the course of erection in several parts of England and Scotland. There is to be but one in Ireland, near Valentia, in the county of Kerry. Those in Scotland are to be at Glasgow, Perth, and Fort George. The expence of fitting them up is estimated at about £50,000. A most destructive fire took place at Dublin on the 24th April. The whole of Suffolk-street, and most of Grafton-atreet, extending to College-green, and including that splendid building, the Royal Hotel, is destroyed. Several lives were lost. A most blackguard aristocratic drunken riot took place at Melton, the Fox Hunting Head Quarters of England, early in May. One Duke, two Marquisses, and eleven noblemen of inferior grade, with other gentlemen, twenty-nine in all, pulled down the gaol to rescue one of their companions. Sir Edward Codrington " called out" Sir James Graham in consequence of some expressions of the latter in the House of Commons. The Speaker put them both in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the matter dropt. Mr. D. W. Harvey was threatened with the vengeance of the House for reporting the evidence of the Poor Law Committee in his own newspaper, the Trite Sun. He set the House at defiance, and they dared not proceed. Meunier, who fired at Louis Philippe, was found guilty, sentenced to death, and that sentence commuted to banishment for life out of France. Poland is now formally rendered a Russian province. Alderman Harmer's paper, the Weekly Dispatch, of the 24th April, has a long article to prove that there can be no good Government for the people until the Kingly office is Elective. Where are the ghosts of Pitt, Sidmouth, and Castlereagh ? It is impossible to describe in any thing like adequate terms, the horrible state of distress prevailing generally throughout the whole United Kingdom. It is indescribable ! Talk of crime !—why the gaols are filled with miserable men, women, and children, actually claiming their protection from starvation. To this, glory has reduced England. We close this compressed summary with the question now occupying not only all the leading political journals, but also very entirely the public mind—How will the present Parliamentary crisis end ? The Lords will not budge a foot. The Tories assert boldly that it was a condition of the King with Lord Melbourne when he last returned to office, that" Parliament should not be dissolved upon any question respecting the Lords." Will Lord Melbourne hold office with this enslaving condition ? If he threatens resignation, and the King finds it EXPEDIENT not to take the Tories to his arms and consents to a dissolution, what will be his new situation? In a new Parliament, the Tories will have additions in the Counties, the Radicals in the Towns—the Whigs will be so reduced that they must receive renovation from the Radicals, or they will be beaten. Can a Radical Ministry, purely Radical, be formed? There can be little doubt that such an one will be FORCED upon the King. What then will become of the Lords, the Church, and but we carry the speculation no farther. CONSOLS, 8th May, 90g. 