Tim Barztau AuxIL!A(uY LnIonN. There are now- on board cthe, dep6tiuijil at Port"niioitb,"nd nd. in the town, no lees tian 1,20 mrten who heatve returned tq, Englnnd stinde the disbandment of the 'origtinae L~rwibu t ond'wbhoare writinf for payrnen of the gr& tuitI,- to. which, by the artlol of enlistment, they became entitled at the conclusion of two years' service. It is much to be lamented that the Spanish Go verntsent should not have some agent in this country empowered to liquidate their claims; and it cannot but be regarded aS a matter of scandal to the Queen's cause, ,hat the poor-fellows who have feu.ht her battles, and have returned to EIigland, maaiy of them wounded, should be .kelt from their homes, and left utterly destitute by the government they have'serveel. Ihey would even be left to starve in the streets hut for the interference of rthe au Shorities--of the Ad miralty, by whose order s they are daily victualled fr'om thie'fl ig ships it Portsmo,'uth, - We observe -that the officers of the legion have firmted a coni ,mittee for the iurpose of obtaining the settlement of ,he pay due to them and the ,men ; and we trust that the Spanish go - vernuilent will be compelled by sense of decency ere lone to recognise claims of ta nature to sacred as' those in question. Courier. A married lady ha' favoured us with the following report :-Bache-lors hen pecked by their housekeepers, 3,185 ; pe-tered by legacy huntin, relatives; 1,736; devoured by ennui and selfish cares, ?2,600 ; trout led by nephews and nieces (so called), 1.883; crabbed, cross grained, dlesulate in lif t's decline, 5 384 ; halpy, none. \- 'l'he Travelled l'ig.-At' the fair of Leish'on Bridge last .week, n poor man residing in the neighbourhood of this city, brought a pig fromt a man living at Boris Co. Carlow. The pit: was driven home by its new owner, but all its tender ftiec :ions being centered in Borris, it stole 'lff one 'fine morning, and arrived there-a distance of about 14 miles-in a few hours WVe have heard of- various anim:ils aban doning" new residences, and escaping to fitrmer and distant friends, but of an in stance of such sagacity and such feelinig in one of the swinish multitude, we do not recollect to have heard before -Kilkenny Journal. An Irishman having accidently broken :t pane of glass in a window of a house inl Queen-street, was making the best of his way to get out of sight, as well as out aof mind ; but unfiortunately, for Pat, the proprietor stole a umaerch on hitm, and having seized hitn by the collar, ex clamed, "' You brokenmy window, fellow. did )ou not'?" "1' o be sure I did," satd Pat, " and didn't you see me running house for the money to pay for it !" APPROVED REMERDIES FOR EVERY DAY MALADIt:s-For alit of Pa0ssion-WVlk out in the open air ; you may speak your miind to the winds without liurtisng any one, or proclaming yourself to be `a aim pleton. - For a fit of Idleness -count the tickings of a clock : do this for an hour, and you will be glad to pull off your coat the nex and work like se negro. For ia fit of Extravagance and Folly go to the work'house, or speak with th ragged and wretc:led inisiates of a ga?l and you will be convinced WI ho makes his bed of brier and thorn, Must be content to lie forlorn. For a fit of Ambition-go into the church-yard, and read tle grave stones; they will tell .ou the end oft ambition. The grave-will soon be your hed-ehamshr. the earth your pillow, corrupltion your father, and the worm your mother and your sister. For a fit of Despondency-Look at the thinaes which God has civen yeou inthli. world, and to those which he has pronm ised to his followers in the next. He who gooes into his garden to look for cobwebs and spiders, no doubt will find then. , while he who looks for a flower nmay turn into his house with one blooming in hi- hbsom. A GooD AND: TRUE Jn.TR.-For some months past, a per.on re fiJng in the to.wn of Armaegh, contrived to do an exten sive business with the Agricultural Bank, hut finding that the firm purposed ceneiit! dclown on hinmfor the amtount of some bill got cnshed, hle and his wife adopted a plan for settling his affairs.-l'hey gave out that he iand a most malignant fever, and in three days after he expired. The dis consolate widow, having a little property left belonging to her greatly regretted husband, actually administered, and f'oo, the painful story she made, the gentlemen concerned in executinff the alndmiis tration, net only pave their services gratis but alo raised somie money fer h:'r, a' poor John was a general favour;te. A gentleman belonging to Armtigh hap tensed to be in Liverpool about three weeks ago. and to his great surprise tnd terror observed John a short distanre be fore him. Having aumnsed up sufficient courage he went up to hima ; John at flost denied he was the person, but on finding the gentleman would not he imposed on, he confessed all anid iromnised'to'pay ·ihen able. When the gentleman came honme he went to the widow tind asked had he returned home from Liverpool, on whlic'h she got very angry, nsserting, that her poor husband had died of two clays illness.. T''he gentleman piersevering in his asserlion the widow said, if he wap seen it must be hiis ghost -However, to settle the dispute the grave was opened, and it was dis. covered: that the coffin weas only filled with clay. His creditors, we understand p.arpa)se givintl him.a clear receipt for his cleverneis .- Kilkenny Journal., TARISNO CARE OP TUE: IAGA?O.-The flhlowing daippearsin'a privindeial Anmericlan patn ler :-' l'ravellers should be ceireful to Ideliver'their baggange th piroler ierso,s; ias a. gentlemane a. f'w days since, oam silighting.fcom sk sa ge.coanch, !nrussed his taife to anl stranger, and she' has not been heard of sine:", By a Poli'h edlct,-any sinner -who eat on na.fat-dsdy, was sentenced to have all hiis ,teeth drawn, • ' ? : ; I .n , 'Ex sTocer?a.-Althonghlt It might be thlought by'somte very airiguli, how, we obintined our knowledIe, yvet we ps'eert'it'i fact, that ladles ii.lwayse pull uoff the Left stocking last. 