EXTRACTS. The Latb King.— The, melancholy tidings of his late Majesty's decease were nowhere, and by no class of men, received with more unfeigned and heart felt sorrow, than 'by the naval veterans at Greenwich. In addition to the cir cumstances which endeared William IV. to them, in common with the rest of the people, their professional pride was riot a little gratified by seeing in possession of the highest dignity in the empire one who Kaa. spent so much of ;his 'life, on their own element, and who had identi fied himself with them by a participation in their labours and perils. Ever since the accession of the sailor King it was' impossible to be long in the company of a Greenwich veteran without, hearing something of his Majesty's doings at sea and on shore. Many an anecdote have, we heard of his Majesty's early days related with all the enthusiasm of youth by the shattered . and battered hulk .of some once noble craft. ? With most of these anecdotes the public are ' familiar, none of them were manifestly apochry-r . Ehal, but were told with so , evident a elief on the part of the narrator, that while you smiled at the gullibility of poor. Jack, you could not but admire liis devotion to .their object* Few now remain of. the late King's contemporaries among 'the inmates of this noble ?asylum j 'the late epidemic thinned their number much;' but while Greenwich Hospital stands (and long may it stand,) the ex ploits, 'both festive and patriotic, of the sailor King will be handed down from 'ono raco of heroes to another. — Times. Slow Poisons. — Professor Thompson, 'in his lectures at the University of London on- medical jurisprudence, states that it .was by the effects of arsenic in minute doses, on the living system, gradually undermining and supping the fortress of health, that the Italian proficients in slow ;poisoning were enabled to carry on their murderous acts with bo much certainty. Garelli, physician to the Emperor Charles VI., 'investigated the1 nature of thu aqua toffana, a celebrated slow poison, the dread of nearly every distinguished family in Italy, and found that it was a solution of arcenous acid in aqua cymbalariae. It produced, -says Hahnneman, a gradual sinking of the powers of life, without any violent symptoms ; an indefinable feeling of illness, failure of strength, feverishness, want of sleep, an aversion to food, drink, and other enjoyments of life, 'dropsy generally closing the scene, with black miliary eruptions and convulsions, or colli quative perspiration and purging. — Times. Singular Discovery. — Arsenic in Candles. —At the meeting of the Medico-Botanical Society, Earl Stanhope in the chair, Mr Everitt, . the, professor of chymistry, made some remarks 'respecting the tests for arsenic, and afterwards demonstrated its presence in .the composition candles. Having fully proved the existence of the poison in the candle, in the proportion of; at least two grains in each (and he stated his belief that four grains were a more correct statement,) he then proceeded to assign a reason for its use. Candles which are made of tallow have too low a melting point to -admit of the use of a curved wick, Sterine or spermaceti, either of which has a much higher melting point, is therefore' employed- in making the composition can dles, and to prevent its running into grain : or crystallizing, a certain quantity of wax was added, which it was found would fully answer the. purpose. It was afterwards ' discovered that a small quantity of arsenic would effect the same object, and it being considerably cheaper, it was adopted into use. The .Professor further stated, that when he had made the discovery, and it had become bruited abroad, his opinions were. confirmed 'by two or three manufac turers, who acknowledged using the poi son. He left :it to the members of the profession to determine whether arsenic thur volntilized, and coming in contract i with the lungs, would prove deleterious. Judging from 'the effects of other gasses, he thought it would be injurious. — Times. On Spectral Appearances — Variations in the supposed form and manner under which the dead have appeared, and in the purpose of their apparition, will be found in all nations, corresponding to the manners, religious system, and natural scenery of each country. Thus some hear the shrieks of ghosts in the howling storm, sec them stalk gigantic in the grey mist upon the hill, and recognize their voices cheering the hounds through the dark forest, or over the wild heath; others behold them incomplete armour, mingling in the shock of battle, and announcing to his hero his approach ing fate. When the want of funeral rites was considered us the greatest of evils, the departed spirit was seen naked, shivering, and with piteous looks and accents earnestly requesting the boon of a little earth to cover its bodily remains. Later systems have presented cherubic forms of embo died light, haggard shade blackened with internal fire, and dismal spectres' entreat- ing to be relieved from the torments of purgatory ; and I have heard a crow of English Sailors, who were confident they saw their Wapping landlord pass by them on Mount Vesuvius, and march into Hell through a smoking crevice of tho moun tain. I shall now leave it for any one to determine whether partial or universal illusion is most likely to assume such different garbs — and whether it becomes a man of sense, and a philosopher, to reverse the case of tho appellant form King Phillip, and appeal from the world, sober and enlightened, to tho world, ignorant and fanatical. A Cockney -Water Party.— What can be more amusing than Searle's yard on a fine Sunday morning. ' It's a Richmond tide, and some dozen boats are preparing for the reception of the parties who have engaged them. Two or three fellows in great rough trousers and Guernsey shirts, are getting them ready by. easy stages : now coming down the yard with a pair of sculls and a cushion — then having a chat with the 'jack,' who like all his tribe, seems to be wholly incapable of doing any thing but lounging about — then going back again, and returning with a rudder line and a stretcher — then solacing them selves with another chat — and then wondering, with their hands in their capacious pockets, ' where them gen tlemen's got to as ordered the six.' One of these, (he head man, with the legs of his trousers carefully tucked up at the bottom, to admit the water, -wo presumc-r— for it is an element in which lie is infinitely more at home than on land— is quite a, character, and shares with tlie , defunct ..oyster, swallower the celebrated name of ' Dando.' Watch him, as .taking a few minutes respite from his toils, he negligently scats him self at the'edge of a boat, and fans his broad bushy, chest with a cap scarcely half so furry. Look at his magnificent, though reddish wiskers,' and. mark the somewhat- native humor with which he 'chaffs' the boys and prentices^ or cunningly gammons the gen'lm'n into the gift of a glass of gin, of which we verily believe ^he-'swallows in one day as much as six ordinary nien, without ever being one atom the .worse for it. But tho party arrives, and Dando re lieved from his state of uncertainty atad inactivity. They approach' in a full aquatic costume, 'with round blue jackets,' striped shirts, and caps of all sizes and patterns', from the velvet scull cap of french manufacture, to the easy head-dress, familiar to the students of the old spelling books,, as having on the authority of the portrait, formed, part of the costume of the Rev Mr Dil worth. This is tho most amusing time to ob serve a regular Cockney water-party. There has evidently been up to this period no inconsiderable degree of boasting on every body's part relative to his knowledge of navigation ; tho sight of the water rapidly cools their courage, and the air of self-denial with which each of them insists on somebody else's ' taking an oar,* is' perfectly delightful. At length, after a great deal of changing and fidgeting, i consequent upon the election of a stroke-oar— the inability of one gentleman to pull on this side, of another on that, and of a third to .pull at . all, 'the boat's crew- are seated. ' Sliovc her off! ' cries the coxswain, who looks about as easy and comfortable as 'if he were steering in the Bay of Biscay. The order is obeyed; the boat is im mediately turned completely round, and proceeds towards Westminster-bridge, amidst such splashing and struggling as never was Been before, except when the Royal Georqe -.went down. 'Back .wa'ater,- sir,'* shouts '.Dando;, -.*,- Back wa'ater, you sir, aft; ' upon which every body thinking he must be the in dividual referred to, they all back water, and back comes the boat, stern first, to the spot from whence it started . ' Back -water, you sir, aft ; pull round, you sir, for'ad, ca'nt you?' shouts Dando, - in a frenzy of excitement. ' Pull round, Tom, ca'nt you?' re echoes one of- tho party. ' Tom an't for'ad,' replies another. ' Yes, he is ' cries a third ; and the unfortunate young man at the imminent risk of breaking a blood-vessel, pulls and pulls, until tho head of tho boat fairly lies in the direc tion of Vauxliall-bridge. '^That's right — now pull all on you ? ' shouts Dando again, adding, in an under tone, to somebody by him, ' Blowed if liever I see siteh a sot of muffs ! ' and away jogs the boat in a zigzag direc tion, every one of the six oars dipping into the -water at a different time ; and tlie yard is onc'o more clear, until tlio arrival of the next party . — Box. 