MISCELLANEOUS. NEW INSTRUMENT OF DESTRUCTION.—An officer of rank, " well known in the political and scien- tific world," advertises that he has discovered a new compound rocket that will set an enemy's ship on fire 2000 yards off, and a shell twice as destructive as the old one. He offers these interest- ing articles to privateers, African traders, &c.; " Pro- vided with such means, besides several others, the smallest vessel will (he says) infallibly destroy or compel to surrender, any first-rate ship of war !" TENACITY OF LIFE.—In the turning over the half-burnt hops in the ruins of the premises of Messrs. Wigan and Co., near Tooley-street, lately, the firemen discovered a cat, which, though ap- parently lifeless, soon revived when exposed to the air, and is now in a state of activity. The animal had been buried under the hops three weeks. WEST TRESAVEAN MINE.—A very extraordinary rich lode of chrystalized tin is discovered in this mine, at the depth of only 7½ fathoms from the surface. The lode is seven feet wide, and worth full £200 per fathom, taking the lode altogether. The leader, two feet wide, is worth considerably more. The mine is expected to make great profit immediately, as the lode holds good, and improves in the shaft-sinking in its underlay. THE NEXT BEST THING.—There are some whim- sical anecdotes which might be classed under this head ; as, for instance, that of the Irishman, who enlisted into the 20th Regiment because his brother belonged to the 21st, and wished to be near him ; or the chuckling of the fellow who boasted of his good fortune because he had drawn the next num- ber to the grand prize. One of the best specimens, however, of this species of humour, is the answer given by a simpleton, who, on being asked whether he understood German, replied, that he he did not know anything of it himself, but that he had a bro- ther who played the German flute. The latter joke has been spoiled in the telling by some dull dog of a penny-liner, who has sent it on the tour of the provincial papers thus mutilated :—" Do you speak French ?" asked a gentleman, when examining the qualifications of a Hibernian candidate for the office of travelling valet. " Not exactly, Sir," was the reply, but I have a cousin at home who plays the German flute beautifully." After such a blunder as this we may believe that Goldsmith's joke about Turnham Green (turn them green) or the story of the lapsus linguæ and the leg of mutton were really perpetrated. ENGLAND A CONVICT COLONY.—It is not, we believe, generally known that England is the con- vict settlement of the Channel Islands. The fact is so, nevertheless. On the 18th instant, some men who had committed an offence at St. Hel- lier, were ordered to " find security for their fu- ture good behaviour, and in default thereof to be banished to England (the convict settlement of the channel Islands) for the term of three years." Some years ago, it was an everyday oc- currence for the Magistrates of Scotland to ba- nish whomsoever was brought before them " be- yond the Tweed," which, it is said, gave rise to the Berwick landlady's remark, that she ne- ver knew a Scotchman " gaug back again." CHOICE WINE—Prince Metternich's celebrated wines, made on his estates at Johannisberg, are £600 the hogshead. The first quality is hardly ever sold. It is like the Steinberger, the picking only of one or two of the finest grapes on the bunch. DOVER STEAM PACKET RACES.—Much interest was caused on Monday morning se'nnight, in con- sequence of its being known that the Water Witch steam-packet. Captain Hayward, a new and very fast steamer, was about to make a trip to Calais, with the Courier fast-sailing French mail packet, the latter having high pressure en- gines. A vast number of persons were present on the flowing of the tide, to witness their de parture, when both packets cast off their ropes at the same time. The Water Witch took the lead, which she kept in exceeding fine style, and arrived at Calais seven minutes before her op- ponent, and, after landing eight horses, carriages, and her passengers, which occupied about an hour, she returned again to Dover, and was enabled to save her tide into the harbour, thus having gone to Calais and back to Dover, waiting one hour at the former place, in the short time of five hours and forty minutes. This is considered the great- est steam packet feat since they have been esta- blished. MORE HUMBUG.—The PITTSBURGH ADVOCATE says—There is at present in our neighbourhood, a man who knows how to extinguish any fire, burn- ing house, steam-boats, carriages, and sea-vessels on fire—and even if a whole city is on fire— without the use or water—by means that can be applied at any season—whether hot or cold— at any place and without any expense—What next ?—NEW YORK PAPER. RISE OF THE COTTON TRADE—In the beginning of the reign of George III. (1760) this trade gave employment to 40,000 persons, and the value of goods produced was £600,000. It now employs 1,500,000 persons, and the value of goods pro- duced exceeds 31,000,000 lbs. The cotton yarn annually spun in England would, in a single thread, girdle the globe 203,755 times ; it would reach 51 times from the earth to the sun, and it would encircle the earth's orbit eight times and a half. RECEIPT FOR FASTENING LEATHER UPON ME- TAL.—A. M. Fuchs. of Bairere, says, that, in order to make leather closely adhere to metal, he uses the following method :—The leather is steeped in an infusion of gall nuts ; a layer of hot glue is spread upon the metal, and the leather forcibly applied to it on the fleshy side. It must be suffered to dry under the same pressure. By these means the ad- hesion of the leather will resist moisture, and may be torn sooner than be separated from the metal. DEFINITION OF A TORY.—We pit a man for being a Tory in these times : he is a poor creature that the march of events has left behind, a duck- legged drummer-boy, who cannot keep up with his regiment ; he is a being of a by-gone age, singing an old song, telling a forgotten tale ; his mind is hung with cobwebs ; he is the preterpiuperfeet tense of politics ; an extract from the lumber-room where we have long since thrown our ghosts, witches, and alchymists.—TIMES, March 29, 1832. The TIMES is now one of these " poor creatures," and is in a fair way to be thrown back into the " lum- ber room," in consequence of its shameless tergiver- sation and want of principle. A CONJUROR OUTWITTED.—Some time ago pro- fessor of legerdemain entertained an audience in a village, which was principally composed of colliers. After " astonishing the natives" with various tricks, metamorphosing wine into water, &c.;, he asked the loan of a halfpenny from any of his ADMIRERS. A collier, with a little hesitation, handed out the coin, which the juggler speedily exhibited, as he said, transformed into a guinea.—" An' is that my bawbee ?" exclaimed the collier. " Undoubtedly," answered the juggler. " Let's see 't," said the col- lier ; and turning it round and round in an ecstasy of delight, thanked the juggler for his kindness, and, putting it into his pocket, said, " I've warrant ye'll no turn't into a bawbee again." BORROWING A KNOCKER.—" Why, you'd better knock the door down ? what do you want ?"—" Och, my darling ! don't let me wake any of YOUR family ; I'm jist using your knocker to wake the paple next door : I'm out d'ye see, and they've niver a knocker"—rap ! rap ! rap ! A HUNGRY LION—A writer in the SOUTH AFRI- CAN JOURNAL relates, that a Dutch settle at the Cape, Lucas Van Vouren by name, while riding one day, across the open plains, saw a lion at some distance. Lucas made a circuit to avoid him, but soon perceived that the lion had a mind to have some converse with him, before permitting him to pass. The Dutchman had no arms and his horse was jaded ; yet, on approaching a favorable spot, he set spurs to its sides, and galloped off as the only chance for life. All the Dutch are stout gen- tlemen, which was greatly to the rider's disad- vantage in the present instance. The lion, nimble and furious with hunger, speedily overtook the fugitives, and one bound on the horse's back, be- hind Lucas, brought the whole to the ground. The Dutchman, happily, was unhurt, and crawled from the spot, leaving his assailant so intent on worry- ing the horse, as not to notice the doings of Lucas, who made off, with all speed to the nearest habita- tion. To the fierceness of the lion's appetite the man owed his life. On returning to the spot next day, a few clean-picked bones were all that re- mained to substantiate the Dutchman's story, who, in telling it afterwards, used always to lament the loss of his saddle, and to consider its abstraction as the worst point in the lion's conduct, " seeing." (as Lucas gravely observed)" it was a thing for which he could have no possible use." FOOD FOR REFLECTION.—A clergyman, living not a hundred miles from Derby, a short time ago, concluded his sermon (against profaning the Sab- bath) with the following words :—" Brethren, next Friday is my tithe-day ; and those who bring their tithes, that are due to me, shall be rewarded with a good dinner ; but those who do not may depend, that, on Saturday, they will dine on a lawyer's letter." SNUFF TAKING.—It is curious to see the various modes in which people take snuff. Some do it by little fits and starts, and get over the thing quickly, These are epigrammatic snuff-takers, who come to the point as fast as possible, and to whom the pun- gency is every thing. They generally use a sharp and severe snuff—a sort of essence of pins' points. Others are all urbanity and polished demeanour ; they value the style as much as the sensation, and offer the box to every individual around them, as much out of dignity as benevolence. Some take snuff irritably, others bashfully, others in a manner as dry as the snuff itself, generally with an eco- nomy of the vegetable ; others with a luxuriance of gesture, and a lavishness of supply, that announces a moister article, and sheds its superfluous honors over neckcloth and coat. Dr. Johnson's was pro- bably a snuff of this kind. He used to take it out of his waistcoat pocket instead of a box. There is a species of long-aimed snuff- taker that performs the operation in a style of potent and elaborate pre- paration, ending with a sudden activity ; but smaller and rounder men sometimes attempt it. He first puts his head on one side, then stretches his arm, with p nch in hand, then brings round his hand as a snuff-taking elephant might his trunk, and, finally, shakes snuff, head and nose together, in a sudden vehemence or convulsion. His eyebrows, all the while, are lifted up, as if to make more room for the onset, and when he has ended, he draws him- self back to his perpendicular, and generally pro- claims the victory he has won over the insipidity of the previous moment, by a snuff and a great " Hah !'' SHIP BURKING.—The true object in assurance I quite understand to be that which you have so able defined ; but it is against the fraudulent insurer that the public are now called upon to guard ; against those who, as has been so clearly and posi- tively shown by the evidence of Mr. Woodroffe, the secretary to the Seamen's Society at South Shields, and that of Mr. Ballingall, a manager of a shipping company, and a surveyor of shipping at Kirdaldy, and others : it is against those, I say, who insure their weakly- constructed and their old and unseaworthy vessels at double, and even at treble their worth, in the confident hope and expectation that they will be lost, wholly regardless of the valuable lives, together with the property of others, that may be on board of such badly-built, or rotten and worn-out ships, that I would enact laws to guard. Most justly was it observed by Mr. Bal- lingall, before the Select Committee on Shipwrecks, that the safety of the crew of our shipping is of vast importance to the state, that it imperiously claimed the attention of the Government to the safety of all navigable vessels ; and he added, with equal truth, that, of the many vessels lost at sea from being unsafe, few or none of the crew sur- vived the melancholy catastrophe to account for the cause of the disaster ; and even where any did sur- vive, scarcely one in a thousand could explain the cause, or, indeed, ever thought of it. And in answer to questions 118 and 131, Mr. Ballingall states it as his confident belief, that vessels are very commonly insured for very much more than they are worth. Mr. Woodroffe also declared before the committee, that he knew an instance of a ship that was comman- ded by an old friend of his, who was lost in her, with all the crew, in the year 1833, and was insured for £2,100, and which sum, this witness added, he believed was of course recovered, though, as he said, he should have considered any man insane who would have given even £400 for her ! Mr. Woor', roffe stated further, that, when this ship was going out of the harbour for the last time, he observed to his triend, the captain—" Christopher, I really would not go to sea in that ship :" to which the poor fellow answered—" It is summer time ; my wife is ill, and I have a family ; I will venture this voyage, and no more, if God spare me." She went to sea and was lost, and all hands perished ; and this too in the summer season, be it remembered ! How the consciences of the owners of this vessel may have rested at ease, after thus virtually caus- ing the death of the captain and crew of their wretched, unseaworthy ship, we are not told ; but this much I will say, that had I been guilty of si- milar conduct, I should have thought I had com- mitted something very like murder. Mr. Wood- roffe gives some other examples of that kind, and he states, that in twenty-five months only, there were 143 ships lost out of the Tyne, amounting to 30,778 tons ; and he adds, that he does not believe there is a single good vessel belonging to the Tyne, that is, not one properly seaworthy in every res- pect.—CORRESPONDENT OF THE SHIPPING GAZETTE. 