THE SWAN. The Colony of the Swan seems to be rapidly advancing in numbers and m independence of foreign aid. There are now two newspapers, " The Perth Gazette" the serai official, published by Mr.M'Fall, and the " Guardian" a new jounral, published by Mr. Clarke, the most eminent o " lawyer" of the Colony. In consequence of the free tone in which the latter indulges of the measures of the Government, Sir James Stirling has considered it necessary to introduce the odious Castlereagh Gagging Acts, in all their ferocity. Perhaps the best method of exhibiting the viewsofthe Governor as to the Press will be to copy from the Gazette the " Proceedings in Councilupon the second reading of the Bill. The " third reading'' having been ordered, jumping over that great and best proceeding in all British modelled Legislatures, be they even the very ghosts thereof in substance, the " Committee," the Bill may be considered as past. It is a verbal transcript, (localities alone excepted,) even with the transportation clause for second offences included, of that disgrace to British history, the Castlereagh Act. Thus it appears that there is no security for Colonists in any part of the world " Free Colonies," as well as "penal" Settlements, without that great remedy for all evils, " Legislation by Representation, upon the most extended constituency." We copy the following from the Perth Gazette Tyrannical as the proceedings ofthe " Councillors" seem to be, they yet sit with open doors—some little redemption of their offences; but if they " gag" the Press they can proceed as they please, with the most perfect impunity ;— " The doors of the Council Chamber were thrown open to the public at 1 o'clock, and the space allotted to strangers was soon filled up—a lively interest having been excited, and an erroneous opinion artfully promulgated, respecting the Bill for the adoption of the English laws relating to the Printers and Publishers of Newspapers. His Excellency the Governor having taken the chair, and the orders of the day having been read. The Hon. P. Brown, Esq., Colonial Secretary, rose and presented a petition, which had been placed in his hands in the course of the morning by several mechanics and laborers, against the bill about to be read for the second time, regarding the publication of Libel, the petitioners conceiving that similar Acts were not adopted in other Colonies, and that the licentious abuse of the Press, was sufficiently controlled by trial by Jury. After the petition had been read, the Advocate General, Hon. G. F. Moore, Esq", observed, that it might be well to set the petitioners right, upon a point in which they seemed to be in error;—they were of opinion that the laws regarding the Press were not in force in the other Colonies. He held in his hand the local Acts of those Colonies, and there they appeared in all their force. His Excellency the Goi ernor.—It is evident the petitioners have labored under a great misapprehension with respect to the adoption of these laws in the neighbouring Colonies ; they do exist there as in England—and they are put in force by a Military Jury. I should have objected to the receipt of this petition altogether, as it is couched in terms highly reprehensible, and founded on gross misrepresentations, but my desire to admit every possible indulgence induces me to waive the objection. A petition was presented from Mr. W. N. Clark, as Editor of the Guardian Newspaper, against the adoption of the Act relating to Libel, as it was a measure brought forward to crush public opinion, and to annihilate his Journal, which had lifted curtain and exposed the abuses of the Government. [The petition was worded in a most uncourteous manner; and allusions were made to this Journal, which the writer must have known were false, and truly malicious in hi m to fabricate. We can but pity the weak invention of the enemy.] The Colonial Secretary observed, that he felt some delicacy in presenting this last petition, from its tone and character; hut knowing that it was His Excellency's wish to give every latitude, he had done so. An Act to adopt an Act of the llth Geo. 4, and 1st Wm. 4, c. 73, " for the more effectual prevention and punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels," was here read by the Clerk to the Council. The Governor then rose.—In proceeding to propose the second reading of the Bill which has just been read, I think it right to offer a few observations on the purport of the Bill. The general principle is this :—It supplies a remedy in cases of abuse or slander against the reputation of individuals, and is a security to the general body. If the people of England enjoy the benefits derived from these enactments, it would be madness in us to debar ourselves from their wholesome inflnence, by delaying the passing of this Act. It has been 1 fi principle of jurisprudence for many years to bring into perfection the laws relating to Libel, and they have been modelled and remodelled, revised and amended, until at length they are incapable of further improvement. The last law was passed in England in 1830, and was the finishing touch to the great principle. It could not come into operation here, until brought before the Legislature. If the Act now under consideration be contrary to the principles of the enactments ofthe Parent Country, let it be withdrawn ; but, on the other hand, 'if it is in accordance with the spirit of those laws, I claim from you, Gentlemen, as my birthright, the passage of this Act; not alone I—standing here as the Representative of His Majesty —claim it, but it is the privilege of every British subject, to require and claim the enjoyment of the English laws; whether he be an old man, tottering to the grave, or a mere child, it is his unquestionable privilege to claim that protection which the laws of the British realm afford to His Majesty's subjects. It' has been attempted to misrepresent the principle of this Bill, and the public mind has been shamefully abused; but with the individuals who have promoted this opposition we have nothing to do. I stand here to fulfil the laws of my Country fully and effectually; I therefore leave the Bill in your hands, and claim that it may be passed. The Advocate General—Your Excellency directed our attention at the last sitting, to the reduction of the sum to be required from the sureties ; I am now prepared to propose that it be reduced to half the amount fixed by the English law. This sum appears to me sufficient to cover any damages awarded in any action in the Civil Court. 1 think it expedient to reduce the sum to £200 for the principle, and a like sum for the sureties. The Council then proceeded into committee, and discussed the several clauses of the Bill. The Governor observed, that the strongest argument in favour of the passing of this Bill, was, that without it, we should be left under the stigma, in the minds of strangers, of not enjoying the rights and privileges of the Parent Country. The Bill did not check the full expression of public opinion ; but it was necessary to afford security to individuals who stand more in need of the protection than the Government from the attacks of licentious writers. The Government could proceed against the offender and punish him by fine and imprisonment. The Judge Advocate said, that it was our boast—and we felt a natural and justifiable pride in the boast—that we were a section of the parent stem, and we should have reason to complain if we fell short of attaining the benefit of the laws and institutions of our Country. He, for one, trusted that we might never go beyond the British law. After some few further remarks, the Bill was ordered to be read a third time on Tuesday the 24th instant." [FBOM THE MONITOR.] ' For the perusal of Bishop Broughton, and his Secretary the Rev. Ralph Mansfield, late // esleyart Minister. The following are all extracts from the Morning Chronicle. They go to show, that while the Tories are raising a no popery cry both at home and in New South Wales, their politics led them to support popery in the person of Don Carlos, the pretender to the Spanish Throne. In short, the religion of the Tories is neither Protestant nor Roman ; or rather it is, both, and either, as occasion may serve. The religion of Tories, is that which will keep the priesthood in power and wealth, and make them independent on the people in their livings and fees. Therefore, whoever he be, whether a Foreign King or an Eng(ish King, who will support priestianity, no matter whether it be the priestianity of Do a Carlos, or ol any other high Churchman, thai is the man for Tories ; and such is the new high Church firm of Broughton, Mansfield and Company—In illustration of these remarks we quote the following from the Morning Chronicle.' DONCARLOS. ' The following " Royal Decree," published by Don Carlos, we commend to the special attention of our Tory Contempora ries. It will no doubt stimulate the pious zeal of The Standard in favor of the Pretender, and furnish The Post with an additional proof of the wisdon of that liberal and enlightened Prince.' "UNIVERSAL MINISTRY. 'Department of Grace and Justice—Royal Decree. 'Always desirous of putting a speedy and happy end to the horrible disasters of the present contest, which is obstinately maintained by a party combating without any kind of right, that which has incontestibly come to me by my Crown, and employing all its remaining impiety and ferocity to annihilate, if that were possible, the holy religion of Jesus Christ, to destroy morality, overthrow^ the principles of Bocial order, and lay waste and ruin my heloved country ; sacrificing to his frantic and sacrilegous fury, the ministers of the sanctuary, and the peaceable and honoN able inhabitants, my Royal and paternal heart has thought, thai the best means to allay this effect of the anger of God, so justly excited, is humbly to implore his divine mercy to coal tinue to shed his benedictions on my army and all my faithful subjects. In consequence I order, that in all the churches of the kingdon, which are not under the yoke of the usurpation, public and secret prayers be put up, invoking the powerful intercession of the Holy Virgin, under whose guardianship, by the special title of Virgin de los Delores, I 1 have placed, and again place my army and the whole kingdom. " I THE KING. " Given at Aspeitia, August 25, 1836. "To Don Juan Battista de Erro." 4 Cobbett, a keen observer, wss most struck with the sympathy of the Protestant as well as-Catholic Clergy with the Pope, during the period when the prospects of the head of the Catholic Church were somewhat gloomy. The abstract love of establishments, got the better of the sec-, j tarian feeling. The Presbyterian Clergy of New England, he says, put up prayers for the Pope! and were overjoyed when he recovered his former influence in " the Church." We have, in the admirable letters of Peter Plymley, written during the time when it was a mark of loyalty in England, to speak handsomely of the Pope, a corroboration of Cobbett's statement,.' " Upon the slightest demonstration towards Naples, (says the Rev, author), down went Sir William Hamilton upon his knees, and begged for the love of St. Januarius, they would help us off with a little money; all the arts of Machiavcl were resorted to, to persuade Europe to borrow; troops were sent off in all directions to save the Catholic and Protestant world ; the Pope himself was guarded by a regiment of English Dragoons; every Catholic clergyman who had the good fortune to be neither English nor Irish, was immediately provided with lodging, soup, crucifix, missal, chapel-heads, relics, and holy water. In the midst of all this fray of saving and defending, this crusade for conscience and Christianity, there was a universal agreement among all descriptions of people, to continue every species of internal persecution ; to deny at home eveay just right that had been denied before; to pummel poor Dr. Abraham Reee and his Dissenters; and to treat the unhappy Catholics of Ireland, as if their tongues were, mute, their hearts cloven, their nature brutal, and designedly subjected by Providence to their Orange masters." 