TJimD REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONERS \- OP NVl'lONAL EDUCATION IN IRELAND wmi THE YEAR ENDING MARCH. 1036. To His Excellency Henry Cotutantln* Eurlof Mulgrave1 /.did Licidenaiit Governor, and Governor General of Ireland* ..-.,..-. ?' C Concluded from our lint). 11\. The nnthor animadverts upouthe preraco to our Drat number of extracts from. the. New Testament, because it states tliat the number contains the whole of the Gospel of St. Luke. The author finds that a few of the verse* have been summed up in our own language, instead of being given literally, und this he culls a mutilation. He says further i — ?' 1 have no hesitation in saying that this part of the'firat chapter of St. Luke, which the commission ers have left out, is one of the roost important passages —perhaps I might say the most important passage— j., tho Gospel of that EvangflUt i if so in the esti mation of our church, because it gives more fully than is elsewhere given In the Gospels, the account |of the incarnation of our bleBsed Lord.' I Have we then omitted the matter which shows the I incarnation of our Lord? No, | wo have given it ' And, in the sixth month, the angel Gubricl was sent from God into a city of Galilee called Nnxareth, to a virgin espoused to a man whose name waB Joseph, ot' the house of' Dav'U;'nn-l the. virgin's name was Miry. [Andthe angel saluted h«r as one pi-culiarly bleasedof God } and intimated to, her that, although die was a virgin, sho should bear a, son, by the im mediate power of the Holy Ghost, and that she should null Ilia name Jesus, which signifies Saviour. This haina wn« g'jveri to. Win, because, as St; Mnttlicw tella itrt/hu was to save his 'people from their sins. Tho same evangelist says thu't Jesus was to bo born of a virgin, thut nn undent prophecy might be fulfilled which said, Behold ii virgin shall be with child and shall bring forth a soil', dud they shall call .his name Emijmiuiel, which, , being '''interpreted,, is God with '':When'.the nngel had finished his : communica- tion,] Mury said, behold' the handmaid of the Lord; licit, unto, me according to. thy word. - And the. angel departed from lker.1.' ' V Y_,'.' '.' ' .... ., . ? Tho part placed above ' between brackets is so put iil order to 'show that' it' is not in Scripture language. This we occasionally do, according to the plan which we announced in the preface to the first number of our extracts udm the Old Testament,, and which is ns follows !fp'rWh'en passages. are introduced not in Scripture language* (chiefly summaries of some por tions of the narratlvd,)' they* nro '? enclosed between brackets, and usually distinguished by being printed in a. smaller, type.11,; It will bo observed' that the summary of the omit ted verses jiot pnly contains tho substance of them, but 'also, in addition to this,' thu explanation (taken from the Gospel of St. Matthew, and which Luke had omitted,) of 'the 'signification' and reason of the name .of Jesus, .which it wad more important to in sert, because the.Gospel by Matthew is not among the Scripture extracts hitherto edited by the board. An examination' ' of ? the, original ' vers,«» will; we think, at once explain; to any person accustomed to prepare Scriptural ? instruction for youth, why wo thought it best to give a'summary of them in a work intended for school lessons. V ..'..''., Thus impressed, we regard the objection which we are noticing as a mere criticism oni' an alleged verbal inaccuracy. '' But having heard some time since that it had becntnude in another quarter, we. directed the preface to bo cancelled beforo we. had' learned that anything hadbecn said by the author upon the sub ject. This*wa9 accordingly done, rind in ' the prefacd to the next edition, tho words .objected to will be omitted altogether.1 ? ? ? ', '. \ ????--. To suppose that we could really mean or hope to deceivo the public into a belief that we were giving the go.-pelof St. Luko verbatim et llheatiin when we were not doing so, is a supposition which it is impossible that any porson giving us- credit for common sense', putting common honesty out of ibo question, could seriously entertnin. ??????? 12\. The author make? a- statement respecting a member of the board, Dr. Murray, which, as Dr. Murray is now absent from Ireland, we feel ourselves particularly called upon to notice; ' ' ! The author hiiying formerly predicted that no Scrip ture extract* would ever- be used in our schools, his prediction failed,: and it seems ho has. been told so.' As he had declared himself desirous that extracts' should be used, it might perhaps have been expected that he would express satisfaction at finding- that the iiict wus as ho desired, though not as he predicted ; but instead of doing so lie makes it matter of -charge igaiu.it Dr. Murray, that the extracts have been sanc tioned by him. He nays— . ' ? : 'When I ventured on that prediction, with the I'idschood of which ' the noble und ' learned lord re proaches me, I did w.hat he called on your lordships ,0 do — I believed the declaration of a Roman Catholic urchbixhop made upon his oath. In doing so, I know that I was wrong! I- own that I have justly subjected myself to the taunt of the nbbleand learned lord, and '. promiso him that I never again ' will offend in like manner. '' But trite it is, my lords, that I said in 1832, that no- -Scripture extracts could bo agreed upon by the different members of the board. 1 said (his, because I was sure that tlta Protestant commis sioner* could not consent wholly to abandon the Pro testant version of the Scripture and to adopt the Oouay in its place.. On the other hand, I 'believed hat the Roman Catholic. commissioners would admit 'f nothing but the Douay version; therefore I said hat no Scripture extracts could be agreed upon. I jolieve this, und^veritured to- predict it accordingly, jecnusc I knew, (I forget whether I then stated such ?jo be the ground of my belief,) that-Dr. Murray had :io sworn before tho Commissioners of Irish Educa tion Inquiry in the year 1824. I have the report of 'hese commissioners before me, and will read an ex tract from tho evidence of Dr. 'Murray upon which I minded my prediction. He was asked — Supposing that portions of Scripture should be extracted in the words of the Protestant authorised version for in stance, would there be any objection to this being used crjunlly by 1'rotcntimt and Roman 'Catholic children? tir. Murray's answer upon his oath,' was, ' I think that if any words attributed to our Saviour were given under any other from than that which is set down in the Douay version, nn objection would lie against it. As to extracts, if they are given as Scripture, it must be remembored that we 'have all along said we could not propose to tho children any thing us Scripturo except what is taken from our own version.'' The author docs not. quote faithfully. What he gives as Dr. Murray's sworn answer to a particular question, is made up of an answer to one question, and of part of an answer, to. another. We give ex tracts in the appendix, from the examination of which the author speaks. It will be seen by these that Dr. i Murmy did not abject to a compilation from Scrip ; turo, which should be conformable both to the -Pro- testant authorised and Roman Catholic versions. Be sides, after the examination had taken place, a work, composed entirely of selections from the Protestant authorised version, was sent to' him by the commia atoners, and he returned it with the following 'letter to the chairman i-^r . .?'-.'?, , % ?? . . .., , . 'My Dh.vk Sir— I havo tho honour to acknovr le-lgo the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, which, owing to my absence from, town, only reached me this morning.. . , ' Ah tho work which you. have had the goodness to send mo is a compilation taken oxclustvoly and verbntim from the Protestant version of the New Testament, 1 think it would be open to tho objec tions already stated by tho Catholic bishops to .the couiiiiissionuru with reference to a similar work. Al low me, however,' to observe, that those objeotlons ini^lit, in my opinion, bo removed, if tho matter of tl'tc work wure abstracted, both from tho Catholic and l'roU'.ttnut versions, wliuli they substantially agree, without thu words being taken throughout llberatlra from either, according to tho principles .explained by uk to the commissioners wheu list wo bad tho honour cf an Interview with thum. ' , . ? ' 'I havo tho honour, tea.,' (Signed) , . ' D. MuitnAV'. ii Thomas Franklaml Lewis, Esq.' This letter Is given in tho very report from which the author purports to quoto. Yot, with it before him, he states that lie believed tho Roman Catholic uominliiHioiiers would ndnitt of nothing but tho Donay vnrsiun j mid, beemme Dr. Murray approver of tho extracts which wo aro now publishing, which nro not tuken eitluir from thu Protestant vcrnlun or tho Ito man Catholiu version cxuluitively, but are nn original compilation avowedly made by ourselves upon ncom parinon of thu l'rotustnnt and Douay versions with thu original, bcuausa Dr. Murrny approves of this work, a work conformable to tho vluwa expressed in his examination and In his letter, he is charged with perjury ? And ns if this wore not enough, the author inlimulcM thut he will never aguhi believe a Roman Catholic bishop upon his oath. This is beyond comment. - ? 13\. The author, in a note, laments that the Pro testant ecclesiastical commissioners should have ob jected to supplying the Roman Catholic children with the Douay .version. of the New Testament when it was proposed to them to da no by his Majesty's government ; and in order to fasten a charge of in consistency in this respect on the Archbishop of Dublin, he quotes the following words from an an swer formerly given by the archbishop to an address from his clergy : — . , '? ' The Douay version is permitted to be used un der the KiWaro-pIabe system. And I agree with them (the promoters of the Kildare-pluce schools) in think ing that there is no translation of the Bible extant which is better than none, when that in the alterna tive.' What the archbishop thus said hud regard to a translation' of Scripture without notes i he re ferred . to ? the system pursued by tho Kildure-pl aco society, which was ? merely to permit .the Douay translation to be used, in schools without 'notes ; whereas the proposal of the government, following the recommendation of a committee of the House of Commons, was, that the commissioners should give the, Douay version with notes.- To : this tho arch bishop and the other Protestant ecclesiastic commis sioners objected... Had it been proposed .'to the Ro-, man Catholic commissioners , to supply .Protestant ehildren'not; merely with the authorised Protestant version,: but with a version inculcating Protestant doctrine, they would have 'declined administering a' fund which was to be so applied.' ,- , ';. . ? ??, : : It seems difficult to conceive' on what 'principle a Protestant prelate should; 'lament 'the Protestant commissioners were not employed in inculcating Rb-i man Catholic doctrines. Whdf'would the author have said if they had been so employed ? . ,'.', ' 11\. Tho author quotes former expressions of the, A'chbishop of Dublin, to show that he ; (the arch-, bishop) did not originally propose that tho new system ; of education should be universal.'. The author then represents pur last report as demanding that it should be uulversdl/.'and.says, '.'.« I, think.it hardly possible, ulthough the'rep'birt bears the signaturo 'of every mem ber _ of , the/ cbminUsion, that .it' could have been unanimously agreed to.' The answer to this is, that there is not the slightest. inconsistency between what ? the Archbishop formerly said and what is proposed by the report. ? . , The expressions of the Archbishop of Dublin, which the author ; particularly quotes; are— - ' .' '' ?; From all that Ihaye been able to learn, I have been convinced that no' one description of school can be the best adapted'to all parishes alike. _ ? ? '? The rector of each parish must be left to judge ' what system is best suited to his* own ; and I urn very far from wishing that a more imperfect system should bo'introduced in any place where one intrinsically better can be made available. MI never understood that it was intended .' to sub stitute such (national) schools for those; on a more perfect system, in any place where such should have been introduced and found to Bucceed, but to rescue from hopeless ignorance those wh'o'(whether by their own fault or otherwise,) could not be brought to avail themselves of any. better plan. .; .. ? ... VWhce schools on the Kildare plan, or on one intrinsically better, are found to work, well and to embrace the great mass of the* population, I Bltould be truly sorry to see an inferior one substituted. 'But in the many districts where the case is otherwise it does seem to me highly desirable that at least an at tempt should be made to impart some useful know- - ledge' to those who' would, otherwise, either be left in hopeless ignorance, or would learn' more evil 'than good from perhaps some hedge schoolmasters, 'who ? may be secretaries to a band of incendiaries.' If the report required, as represented in the pam phlet, that the new system, should be adopted uni versally, or to the exclusion of a better where a better existed, then it would be inconsistent with the Arch bishop of Dublin's former expressions) but it does no such thing. Your Excellency desired us to state in it, 'what extension could be given to tho new system of education, consistently with tho demand for Instruction, and with due regard to the preparation necessary for training schoolmasters upon whom re liance could, be placed, in respect to competency, character, and discretion ; and what amount of funds might be annually expended beneficially by the state for that purpose.' In answering Jms query we said, ' Tire population of Ireland amounts to about 8,000,000, and of these, probably there aro 1 ,140,000 (or about a seventh of the whole,) between the age of seven and thirteen years'. ' We are satisfied that at least one-half of that number would require the aid' of the national schools ; and as we do not think a school shall, in general, much exceed 100, we con sider 'that there should be 5,000 national schools established, each under a competent teacher.' Instead, therefore, of proposing that tho new sys tem should bo' universully adopted, we merely give it as our opinion that the aid of. the national schools would bo required by half of those who are of tho age for education. ' ? The view which we thus expressed is completely borne out by the second report of the commissioners of public instruction. It shows that there is a de« plorablu deficiency of schools in many parts of Ire land; that there are 443 parishes without a school in any of them j that there are 5,633 schools sup ported by payments from the children ; and that the great majority of these (amongst which are many called hedge schools) are conducted for the education of the poor. '- ' ? * ? Tho schools for the poor, which are thus - support' ' ed by payments from the children, and which are so numerous, have been repeatedly represented as of tho very worst description ; they were so represented by the commissioners of education of 1812, and again: by the commissioners of 1825. These are the schools for which the report would have tho national schools substituted; and this is precisely what the Arch bishop of Dublin desires in the expressions which the author quotes. ' We have now gone through' the whole of the pam phlet, and have answered, we hope, every tangible part of it. We have thus noticed, it, because it was your Excellency's wish that wo. should do id ; wo should otherwise havo spared ourselves so ungrateful a task. We, therefore, hope it may not again be deemed necessary that we should give a formal con tradiction to the accusations .which prejudice or ma .lice may from time to time put forth against us. If per sons who see or think they see, anything in the' work- ing of tho system committed to us will communicate with the board upon thu subject, they will find us over ready, to tho utmost of our power, to apply a remedy to the evil. If they will not do so, and will yet assail our proceedings beforo tho public,' it may, wo think, be safely left to tho candour and good sense of the country, without any interference from us, to discriminate their motives, and deal with their state* raents according to their deserts. (Signed) '. liEINSTER ' RICHARD, DUBLIN FRANC. SADLER JAMES CAUL1LE ?.-?''?? .' ' A. R. BLAKE July 13th, 4836. . ? ROBERT HOLMES. ,- 