EXTRACTS. PRESENT STATE OF ENGLAND. (From the Currency, and us connexion with national distress.; Fortified by nature against her ennes willi n people above all others sober and industrious, a soil eminently productive, minerals of unequalled value, variety, and abundance; above all, with talent, ingenuity and energy, surpassing every nation on the earth England is at best a wretched, Unhappy, oppressed country. Around us the dormant the materials for labour, the surface of the earth have cultivated, the treasures below exhausted, the produce luiuiiinnriiciured : yet a great part of our people are idle, ill-fed, fretful mendicants. in the better walks of life our youth want occupation, their energies wither 01 arc perverted Even the patrician affection of those who move highest and haughtiest in the great would, often but lil disguises the lean skeleton of dignity. Of our occupations, how large a part waits upon aristocratic taste. How much more certain a road to affluence is patronage than merit. It has been proved that two-fifths of our people are really idle, either In poverty or split door. Of the remaining three fifths what is the proportion of producers, of those who increase our wealth, and omissions national superiority r What, rather, is the proportion of those whose dee will belong to the patrons, to whose gratification they subserve? Art and science never flour shed as now, never were so many devoted to the pursuit of them. But do we infer strength from hence Surely not For art ever nourishes under a despotic, or old- anarchical government, when properly is most partially disturbed. Yet, in England, government is not despotic, for that is comparatively free; it is the despotism of wealth that bears everything down: yet not of wealth, for we are not so wealthy as we were, hut of credit ; the despotism consists of those to whom the state has given eight hundred millions of promises to pay to what pay? whatever (as they contend) a pound sterling happens to be worth ; and it has been shown, that it may by caprice, or accident, to-morrow be won til ten-fold as much at to-day. These creditors of the state are the oil garchy who patronise the rails. Who then are the supporters of our constitution ! That small remainder the oppressed and lax- ridden agriculturist and manufacturer, and they, poor men, with bended backs, sland Uko Alias, fretfully sustaining all the burdens of the state. It is grievous to think that they, their interest being one and the same, should have been made jealous of each other, by those who prey on them both. It is clear as day, that a great though silent pro- prietary revolution has been effected in that country since the war. The war mixed ingredients of society have been alchemist, and the mixture is now sub- siding into two well defined strata, for the middle classes are almost lost-they have risen to be patri- cians, or sunk to be plebeians. The remarkable feature in our society Is the co- existence of wealth, want, and idleness of wealth which does not believe want of capital, which does not employ labour that men having their heads and hands unemployed should not make for themselves food and clothing: that we should have at once a patrician and a pauper aristocracy, but dependant upon the industry which intervenes and divides them that the generality of men cannot live by Industry, cannot raise themselves to independence, cannot of themselves exert the energies given them by nature, cannot work and defy the world, but must perforce cling to the skirts of some friend, some person, some benefactor, or else sink into Idleness and still vation that those who are employed should live by offices and cares for the concerns of others, and not by increasing production. It is not so In America: these men stand by the force of Individual strength, by the exercise of individual energy, they stand and prosper, and can defy their neighbours and the world. Yet, they enjoy the advantages of society, and the subdivision of labour, and each man takes to himself a rateable share of the surplus which subdivison enables society to produce. This is the condition of freedom and of nature. In this country, although for ages property has been locked up in mortmain, by the unequal laws of our Norman conqueror?, and the extortion J. of monastic superstition ; although modern wisdom has done nothing to set loose This wealth to industry and competition, yet even here, the same state, at least much of the same freedom existed till 1836. It was then that we were proud, and happy, and generous, mighty and free. It was then that those national songs were written, those anthems in our valour, generosity, and might, which now grate on the car like the mockery of woe. For then all men were industrious; Industry brought plenty, content and independence ; content brought harmony e, harmony brought unity and the unity of independent Individuals made our nation spirited, powerful, and victorious. Now, we are not nearly so strong, or so fierce, or so independent as we were. The present well-digested system of patronage, penetrating every section of society, and reaching each man to court the pleasure or serve the will of his neighbour, has niAile us servile', self diffident, weak and cowardly. We have established associations for mutual protection, benevolence, and support, trusting that nully is strength, But we are united as sheep driven by a wolf, in class ship which has neither object nor existence in a state of freedom ; seeing not the enemy which we dread, we crouch together like children from a ghost. Such associations are well enough in their way : they are necessary in the state of things from which they spring, but surely they bespeak a broken spirit. and individual and national weakness. What is the alkali by which society is blended a nice Industry from competition for property, and the produce of labour. What acid his death illicit its power, and decomposed society in England ' Tasiuion. Yet iv e have BOO millions of funded property. Why do men bury their capital in the funds instead of employing Hin conjunction with labour? This is the deception. The Sandgate suit the inside of wealth, a complex menus by which one "man is in allied to live on the labour of another. Men often think that when they put money in the funds, they add to the ladies of the state, and ask how capital could be employed if their were no funds. They do not remember that when A boy in B sells out the money is not left in idleness. Again, it in said, that money accumulates in large mines in London. To appearance this is stupendously true, but true to a very small extent in fuel. Money deposited with bankers is not kept in idleness, and, excepting the reserve at the Bank of England, no great amount stagnates; therefore, the reason why capital and labour do not amalgamate is, because capital in (net does exist, li exists in appearance, but the appearance, is occasioned by the deficiency, and not by the menus ; In debt, and not by assets. The national debt is a means by which one in it is enabled to consume the produce of another man's labour, therefore the one to master, the other Is servant. Do we need another reason for the patronising the spirit of the age.-" Albion." 