Ehrgltsh"xttracts. +C'5 CLU D~d - R~OM `OUR' tt`'. I ",the mean time the boat camne near, drn3 Teigue joined us, and after some dif .i'iutlty in getting abiard from the rocks, and adjustiing ourselves in proper trim in the most frail bark that perhaps was ever h~unched on water; we rowed out into the .lake; and here really the apparent peril •of 'our situntion deprived me of the 'pleasure that might otherwise be enjoyed 'o the picturesque scenery around; the bottom of the boat was covered with water, which. oozed in through a sod, of 'turf, that served as a plug to the ho'e in its bottom, the- size of my head i and Teigue O'Gallagher, who sat at the head of the boat surrounded by his dripping dogs, almost sunk it to the gunwale, and every now and then, the dogs uneasy at :their confinement, tumbled about and dis turbed our equilibtruin ; if a gust of wind '?nd come, as it oftein does on a sudden lro?tn the hills, we should have been in a perilous state. As it was, the two young .men who rowed uqs and who, it is to be 9lpposed, could swim, enjoyed our d?etrous state, and out of fin told us stories -of suddeilhurricanes, and of the dangers '.nd deaths that have happened to navi gators on this lake; we, therefore, de 'dlined a protraetcd expedition, and only 'desired to be landed- on the island, where we arrived in a short time, and then had ~opportunity of witnessing the arcana of illicit dlistillation. The island that at a distance looked so pretty with its copse. wood, its sheeling, and its wreathing smoke; when we reached it, presented n gly and disgusting a detail as possible; .and a Tenters or a Cruikshank, could only 41o .jusice to the scene, ard pre-ent t lively picture of its uncouth accompani atenats. A half roofed cabin, in which was a 'aging fire, over which was "sutspended the pot wiih its connected head and worm; 4wo of the filthiest human beings, hall naked,squnlid-unhealthy looking creature-, with skins encrusted with filth, hair long, -uncdoiibed, and miitted, where vermin of all sorts seemed to quarter themtselvesand nidificate.; and where (as Born says,) 4" horn or bone ne'er dare settle their thick plantations;" these were the operatives of the filIhy process which in all its -details, to be cartied on in nastiness. .John B:urleycorn, though hero bold, O ( Noble enterprise; SVlWhen Irishmaan distil his blood, They cleanliness despise. 'The whole area of the island was one .dunghbill composed of fermenting grains; there was abo'tt twenty immense hogs either feeding or snoring on the food that lay beneath them ; and'so alive, with rats was the old concern that one of the boat men compared them in nuniber and in -trusiveness tn flocks of sparrows on the side of i shelling-hill adjoining a corn mill. I asked one of the boatmen where the men- who nttended the still slept. SOch, where should they sleep hut on the grains wttli the. pigs ; they have never been off the island these six months, they lhive never changed their clothes, and, I believes though they are convenient .enough to the water, they never washed themtnelves." " And are they no :' fraid- :', ?.;?.Vhy-, who would they be :afraid -of but4,the . rats," " And do you never go to divineAworship ?" " Ah, that \- they don't, its little. they care about reli gion-one ofthem, is a Protestant, and he curses so much " that i's enough to keep Ghost, angel,.or devil off the place-, .and in troth the Catholic. is not muchi better, may be the priest wont have work enough with.hiam let. . I was truly disgusted wi'h the whole scene, and anxious !p quir.u I was vexed and distapointed to f?id such a romantic and b nutiftdl spot so dcfiled, so desecrated I might say, by. a manufacture that has proved: of. incalculable mischief to the penceful-habits, thle moral character, and religious duties of: the -people of the cointry-buf we wou'ld not be allowed to part belore we ipnrtook of Ithe r,.duce of the pot. With all his fatlts, .Pat is not deficeient in generosity, atd he is ever rends to sharc--yes, and ofter to wavnste the liquor whith he hits , cualir delight in manufcturing : becaniuse perhaps, tite undertaking iq attended with risk, and gives birth't, adveitlroius eihgageinents, and escapes; and, asuthe' son says,. ·inA Irlihmnnis all in his glory is there." To the obove discrlition, we add a few reflections from Letters from the lr.sh Highlands : " Among all .the striking peculiarities, which arrest the.attentioih of an English stranger, on his first visit 'to Ireland there is none, I have often' thought, that must at once excite such surprise, and lead the rninid to such sad anti sober re flections, as the hostile feelings of the majority of the people towards the law of the land. They will make use of its strong 'irnz occasiohally to oppress an inferior, or to wreak their vengeatnce on an e(qual; but they never look to it with the feelings whicih an Englishman cherishes i they haAve not leairned to regard it as the pro. tector of their persons and properties, and the guardian of their dearest rights and liberties.. Frmin the rebellious code of Ribandilsa, which dornms him to dlestruc. tion who, yentures 't, pplieal to the Iri bunals ofjustice against ,the hand.of mid night violence', to the easy good nature of the peasant, who, without 'adivahtage ti himself, assists his neighbour in conceal ing the keg of whiskej,! or 'thte bile of emuggled'toab:tro, the sfIrit is the same. The hand of the law ha s* been auainst every man--:nd now, e'ivery man's htndt is, in turn, ralsed against .the low, But it is not for''me to leadyou-bacek in the trtldetn itntlis of his 'ory, to point out the Vr6figs ,hiclth poor liehland has received at the htnds of her conquierors,. You know 'i: The visital to Olen Veagh, took place sonse years ' gn.,l have reann to believe, tat in consequence of 'rtan-- mn..ts. th tshe tevntt' delarntnt, illicit dis t'lttasion has leng ceased in tlan Veagh. that her sons were" once ltm'ed lite wild bea.ts. tlrli li thi 1 *oodsd ofConriiZght; and where is the wonder then, if they ? l-d, to. recognise. a benefactor, when they beheld, it is trut,1 awi tid civilizstion in one hand, but in the other a frightful a,.comnpnniment of whips and scourges ? Need I remind you that until the reign o' James I., who, perhapi never more truly than on this point, desert ed the title of the English Solomon the poor Irish pleaded in vain to be governed by English law ? This was a favour granted only to a few, while the majoriry of the natives, the mere Irish, as they were disdainfully termed, were denied a parttcipation in the rights and privileges of English subjects, and were thus compelled to govern themselves by their own barbarous usages and cus toms, while they were exposed, almost without protection, to the outrages oftheir more favored neighbour4. A more enlightened policy has at length succeeded to theee days of darknes ; und let us hope that after a time the govern ors and the governed will form but one people. As they. carried on a.continual warfare ag?inst the law, and all its tinik ters, it becanme necessary that they should be acq ,ainted with its intricacies, and esti timnate well the terrors of its senetions. And this they have done, The lower orders of Irish, though an uneducattd, ate not an uninformed people, and upon- this subject, which is of such vital importance to them, they often show a knowledge, not only of the common points, but also of the technical niceties, which is far.beyond any thing that would be met with in an Eng lish peasant. They understand exactly how far they may go without hazarding the animadversion of a magistrate ; und. often as they exceed the bounds of moderation, yet still oftener do they venture upon the very verge, and there stop short, to the surprise and admiration of all sjtectators." 