" When the creeds and formularies of an ignorant age, are attempted to be perpetuated amongst an enlightened people, nothing can prolong their duration, but the interests with which they are incorporated, or the secular honors and advantages to which they lead. But when the professions of the lips are totally at variance Kith the dictates of the mind and the impulse of the heart, and this variance is the effect of sordid motives, operating on a large mass of society, is not the system which is productive of so much evil an abomination which evry wise man vmt condemn, and every good man deplore? Of all the existing religious systems, which is there that has manifested any tendency to intellcctuallise mankind ? Has not their primary object been rendered by the Priests, to depress thepiojile, in order to elevate themselves—to make them first, the victim of weak fears, and dense ignorance, in order to establish the sacerdotal domination ? When the religious sentiment is tied down to positive and immutable formularies, does it not exhtbit a repugnance to the increased and progressive intelligence of the age ? Is religion alone to stand still, and not to advance and be kept in unison with the augmented knowledge and encreased civilization of the age P"—Professor Hampden's Address to the Committee of the University of Oxford WE noticed shortly in our last, the able, and unanswerable manner in which Mr Thomson, A.M., of the Melville-street Academy, had annihilated the claims of the Established Church of England, Bishop, Archdeacon, and all, to an exclusive supremacy here. That gentleman has since carried out his arguments so conclusively, that nothing remains to he lifted on that subject. In complying with his call upon us to proceed with the views we had before propounded, we find the ground very much limited. There is, however, yet abundance heretofore untrodden, for never was the love ofpower and ofaggrandizement, natural to man, more strikingly illustrated, than by the conduct of a great portion of the Clergy of these Colonics. It is not only as respects the anxiety for the good things of this world, which perhaps all, more or less feel, but a desire for "personal uplifting" exhibits itself in a manner, any thing but in accordance with original apostolic humility. We have so often exhibited the folly of the titular assumptions of " Aly Lord Will. G. Australia," that his affectation of Colonial Peerage has now become BUbject only of public amusement. When "My Lord" arrives, we shall shew fwe have indeed already done so,) that not only was it never intended to erect "theSee" of Australia, (of itself an evil, which, while Britain is anxiously endeavouring to cast off, it is, to use Lord Liverpool's words,. " too bad" to introduce here, at the Antipodes, where the very idea of an Ecclesiastical Peer is of itself a cap and bells Barthololemew Fair mockery of nobility, which, at the present day, none but the very weakest could indulge in) it not only we say \va6 never intended to create an Ecclesiastical Peerage in these remote regions, but it is further utterly impossible that any Bishopric established here could carry with it, the titular appendages attached to the Baioniil Bishoprics of England. We repeat, we shall shew this, when Dr.. Broughton arrives, to demonstration. It is not only the folly itself which is so objectionable in tine Ecclesiastical Commanding Officer of the Commissioned Clergy here. Such an example, so set, in such a. quarter, cottTff not fail to'bkve the to be ejfpeetedeffect'u pon the whole corps. They consider themselves (of course with particular exceptions, for there are certainly Clergymen lie're highly estimable in every consideration,) a superior order somewhat upon the principle set forth in that especial "Established Church" book of principles, the "jLexicon Theologicupt• in which the Clergy and the People are thus contrasted. "Capitur clericus pro viro docto, scicntifico, perito, scientia pleno, repletoetexperio. E contra:, Laipus. capitur pro viro indocto, imperito, in 'sipiente et lapideo, unde ' Laicus' dicetur a Laos (we have not the Greek character)" Grceci, quod est lapis La tine; et sic omnis clericus, est laudabilis—Laicus vero, in quantum laicus, est viluperandus."— Now, the free translation of this is " the Chaplains of this Colony, inasmuch as they are Chaplains, are highly, educated, accomplished gentlemen, distinguishedfor humility, disinterestedness, and every other estimable quality—the people, inasmuch as they are the people, are a canaille, Qvhose only purpose is to find the Clergy, their superiors, the means of revelling in luxury." It would seem that these most liberal sentiments, put forth in a book of high (ecclesiasticalJ authority, are looked to as the text, and a comportment adopted as a practical commentary thereon. Nor would an anxious desire lor personal aggrandizementappear limited to the chief alone, it would seem to pervade (except as before excepted) the daily recruited already strongly mustering corps. It is remarkable that in order to this, it has become necessary to adopt a " revolutionary" spirit of insubordination to the real Head of the Church here, the Chief Authority, any thing but consistent with that regard to " discipline" which the Clergy should be the very first themselves to inculcate, as well as by example as by precept. We assert, and we defy refutation, that the Bishop of Australia, as the law now stands, has not the slightest authority to interfere with the authority possessed by the Head of the Government over every individual of the clerical establishment receiving pay out of the taxes levied upon the people here. It is our custom never to make assertion with accompanying proof. We proceed thereto. Let us go by steps. Let us first see the nature of the clerical establishment here ; then let us proceed to the manner in which it is supported. It is quite clear that every Clergyman possessing office and emolument of any sort must derive it from some source. The Church of England possesses various of these. It is unnecessary to go through the sources of income of the higher classes; it is sufficient for our purpose to refer to those of the great body,, which we will call, for distinction sak<% the working Clergy. These sources consist in chief substance in tythes, derived from incumbencies, familiarly called " Benefices." An extraordinary mist seems to interrupt the vision of the Clergy here, or perhaps we might rather say they are disposed to interpose it between the vision of the people and their own position; they seem to consider themselves to Have become per solium, (and a good jump it is) parochially benefitted Hectors—Vicars (appropriate or impropriate) Curates, (and perpetual too) or possessed of some other of the various endowments in which the Church of England, in England, plenissimo voce, rejoices. BUT NOT SO. Before there can be Hectors and Vicars,, and Curates, and Donatees, there must be Rectories, and their great Tythes, and Vicarages, and their small Tythes, and Curacies, and Donatives, and the numerous other el cetera of '' the Church." These however cannot come of themselves, they must be established either by prescription or law. The former we do not trouble ourselves with, it is so entirely out of the question; and who is the man who would venture even to uUxr the word Tythe, with a view to its infliction upon the people here, in the Legislative Council, such as it is, of either Colony ? And here it may not be entirely useless to shew summarily somewhat of the nature and origin of that great national evil, against which the whde voice of the people of the whole United Kingdom is now so loudly directed, " Church Preferment." It consists (excepting of course the high Dignitaries, the Bishoprics, Deaneries,. &c.; &c; ,, the Chaplaincies we shall comerto. by and an& bye]| r of thosje called; ".'Benefices," their very essence* being, that they are held, npt fbr years, nor durante bene placi<o,but quomdiu bene gesserihl, for life. They originate^, with the feudal system, under whic'H all the lands of private proprietors were held of the Prince as gratuitous donations, "and Were thence called Bencficia. The Pope assumed the privileges of a Feudal Lord, and the power to distribute the preferxnepts | of the Church at pleasure; which commencing first in Italy, sopn extended itself to England, and thus the ecclesiastical charge of a particular. portion of'tlie'people, '"a Parish" or other similar division, was called a " Benefice." The Ecclesiastical,duly was divided by the Canons,of the Church, into, the " simple'"' and the"sacerdotal." The duty of the first is limited to Chaplains, Chanters, and the like. The sacerdotal are the Parochial Clergy, who alone are charged with what the Canons call the " cure of souls." It is quite clear, tint there cannot, by possibility, be a single one of the " sacerdotal order" as canonical ly so called here, because there is no single circumstance of their tenure, from the appointment to the investiture, bearing even the very slightest analogy to that of the Parochial Clergy of England. The Colonial " Chaplains" are to all intents and purposes like all other Chaplains, of that portion of the " simple" order of the Priesthood. This description of Clergymen were so called, because they are consideied to officiate only in private Chapels; and that they are totally distinct from " the sacerdotal order" (the Parochial or " Beneficed" Clergy) is proved by the fact, that the Chaplains to particular high personages are especially permitted to purchase dispensations to hold a plurality of benefices*. It is thus evidently indisputable that the only tenure of office of the Clergy here, is, THEIR COM- MISSIONS FROM THE KING. They arrive here—they do duty—they receive pay, by virtue of their Commissions alone. Deprive them thereof, and what would they be ? fundi officio. Is there an example required? We have one at hand. The Rev. Mr. Knopwood (next to Mr. Marsden, of Sydney, the senior of the Clergy of both Colonies) was the Commissioned Chaplain, doing duty at St. David's Church from its crection. Encreasing age and ill health induced Mi". Knopwood to retire from the laborious duties then imposed upon the only Chaplain at, or near Head Quarters, and he was succeeded by one of the Assistant Chaplains ofJVeiv South Wales, the Rev. M r- Bedford, who has since done duty at St. David's. Mr. Knopwood's quarters were removed to Clarence Plains, as of course Mr. Bedford might he removed to some other quarters, should it be the pleasure of the Chief Authority to make another change. If any of the Colonial Clergy are entitled to assume seniority, it is assuredly Mr. Knopwood. But it is, as we have repeatedly shewn, an utterly empty assumption. That the ecclesiastical position of the Commissioned Chaplains here is then precisely similar to that of other Commissioned Chaplains, Military or Naval, with their regiments or their ships, is perfectly evident; the Bishop and the Archdeacon being the Chaplain General and his Assistant, respectively. That they are amenable to martial law, again we have the means of proving by precedent in the Colony. We were ourselves present (we refer tn Mr. Kemp for particulars) at the Court Martial (Colonel Molle, of the 46th Regiment, President,) Lefore which, one of the Colonial Chaplains, (and a highly popular and esteemed one too,) the Rev. Mr. Vale, was brought, in the time of the ever regretted GENERAL MACQUARIE, upon charges preferred against him by Mr. Campbell, the Secretary to Government. Will it be doubted,, then, that Sir John Franklin could place any one of the Commissioned Chaplains in arrest, who might so comport himself, as to come within the charge of "conduct unbecoming the character of an officer and a gentleman," or any other charge within the Articles of War?" Whowilldeny this? Ifany there is, we should like to hear the grounds of his denial. This journal is invi edly open to him. On the other hand, what is the nature of the authority possessed, even by the Corps Commanding Officer, the Bishop, over the Clergy, his Subalterns ? What it is, we do not venture to state, for we believe it to be both undefined and unde- finable; but we shall state what it is nol The Bishop possesses not the power to induct" the most favored of his Chaplain into a " Benefice" here of any sort, for the best of reasons, because there are no " Benefices" here into which to induct him. What other power the Bishop may possess, we repeat, we venture not to state but we dp asserl;, confidential y, that it ij totally a barren one—a shadow—vox et preterea nihil—rdivested of substance 0f any description! What, if Sir John Franklin was to order a general change in the quarters of the Colonial Chaplains, commencing with St. David's, would_an» one of them venture to refuse.to "viarcli' upon the receipt from the, Tpwo Adjutant of the garrison arder to that eflfccl ? If h t djd sp refuse, and was placed in arrest for " disobedience of orders," could the Bishop himself, the soi disant Colonial Noble, the " Lord If ill. li Ecclesiastical Baron of Australia" release him ? Assuredly not! Assuredly not a foot could he budge" from his (one hundred pounds per annum rent allowance) quarter! For what do the Chaplains receive fifty pounds a-year forage allowance, but to enable them to march wherever and whenever " the service" may require them! Again. There are here, both Chaplains and Assistant Chaplains. When " My Lord Australia" arrives, could " My Lord" give a step of promotion to any of them ? Could he confi-r upon them any rank beyond that expressly created in and by their Commissions? Can they possess any other ? By what means ? None by any possibility, but by a new Commission! From whom must it emanate? Could the Bishop issue one? Could " My Lord Will." again we ask, by any possible contrivance, bestow a single step of rank ? Could he promote an " Assistant Chaplain" to the rank, even of " Lance Chaplain," so as to enable him, to take precedence of the Rev. Mr. Myers, or cither of the other " Reverends," in esse, or in posse, arrived—about to arrive—or about' to receive My Lords Will's ordination ? We assert, NO ! and we defy refutation ! If any of the Assistant Chaplains have received new Commissions, tlio Town Adjutant should call for them, in order properly to arrange the Clerical " Rosier," now that the Corps is beginning to muster strong. We have alluded to the Bishops power of ordination. It is said that he possesses this; that by imposing his Right Reverend, Right Lordly (Colonial) hands upon Colonial Neophyte*, they come forth lieverend Clerks in Holy Order." And what then, without the Chief Authority, aye, and without the Legislative Council, even such as it is! What more can "My Lord" do for them—what can he do mHh theui? Has he even the ghost of a " Benefice" to which to " induct'' them? Could he obtain for them one single shilling of the current coin of the Realm, without it was SIR JOHN FRANKLIN'S pleasure to pass it through the (quasi) Legislative body? What a farce, then, is not this " lawn sleeves" playing at Bishops, and ordinations, and the rest! What a perfect mockery is it not to hear talk of " My Church," and " My Parsonage," and "My Glebe"—no! we mistake here—alas! for the people, " the Glebe" is not a shadow ! It is a reality, and a sad one too, exceeded only in false pretence by the receiving annual incomes, {of themselves greater than a great portion of the regularly educated and graduated Clergy in Eugland receive, in total, for their services,) in lieu of Glebe, while there are Glebes possessed, of themselves of value, far beyond any possible the most sanguine hopes or expectation of the possessors ! We have exceeded the convenience of our limits, although we are only upon the threshhold of the subject. We believe, however, we have said enough for the present, to prove the assertion with which we set forth, that the Colonial Chaplains here have not one single, even analogy, in common with the Parochial Clergy of England—that they, are Commissioned Officers immediately under the orders and at the disposal of the Chief Authority, who is, both dejure and de facto, the sole head of the Colonial Church; and that his oi'ders for its disposition are paramount. We shall proceed however, in due time, in more detail, furnishing an accurate statement from the most authentic sources, of the pay and emoluments of the Colonial Chaplains and Assistant Chaplains respectively, exhibiting a recklessness of th« public property which no man can coa- template without wondering how such, things can be ! We stated in our last, that 1 Captain Cheyne had applied to succeed Mr. Prank- • land, as Surveyor General. We under- (tand that Captain Cheyne's tender of his aervice6 was inclusive of his present adiministration of .the Roads and Bridges. It is quite impossible, however* that his ofier can be acceded tOj unless in the case of Mr. Frankland'a remoral from the office altogether, when of course the immediate patronage would.be with Sir John Franklin ; and. in that case, weare well convinced g is'Excellency would not pass by that old and esteemedofficer, Captain Boyd, of the Royal StaffCorps, whose education, ability, and experience for so many years actively employed in military surveying, during the whole Peninsular war, give him every claim to succeed to the chief administration of the Department of which he is now the second in authority. But if Mr. Frankland leaves the office, as it is reported, upon " leave of absence(the nature of which, under such circumstances, even Mr. Frankland's " Country Ensigncy" would enable him sufficiently to understand) we believe there is a positive order of the Secretary of State, that in all cases of Heads of Departments being^absent on leave, the next in authority shall do the duty. Thus, therefore, we apprehend in cither case Captain Boyd will succeed to a Department in which lie has comported himself to the satisfaction equally of the Government, and of the people. WE have received the London Journals, per Mayflower, to the 5th January inclusive. The King was at Windsor, according to the " Court Circular," in "a very satisfactory state of health." The most active preparations were making for the opening of the Parliamentary Campaign. The state of parties seems, by all appearances, to be liLlle different from that which existed at the close of the last session. The Tories seem confident of being able to carry " the Lords"' through the impending storm of Peerage Reform, and it would further seem, that the Whigs are not very much inclined to spread sail to the wind. Many of them are old men, and cannot be cxpected to renounce opinions they have held for thirty or forty years; many of them are rich men, and dread violent changes; many of them are connected with Members of the Upper House, and disposed on this account' to deal tenderly with its privileges. There may be error in their judgement, and selfishness in their motives: but in this mixed world of iallible beings, no party that h is a great cause to support against powerful adversaries, can afford to expel from its ranks all who are not purely disinterested, and perfectly enlightened. The proper tactics of the Liberal party are therefore obvious. They must adopt the system of compromise, or rather of mutual toleration, so often exemplified in constructing a Ministry, which is expresed by saying, that certain points wherein its Members do not agree, are not to be made " Cabinet questions." Peerage Reform must be considered a topic on which every Liberal Member is free to hold his own own opinion without breach of faith to his associates. It would be unwise to table a motion on the subject, because this would merely display the divisions of the Liberal parly, and place some Members in a position which would injure them in the eyes of their constituents. But those who advocate Peerage Reform need not fear that their tongues will be tied. If Lyndhurst continues to fill his present station in the Tory camp, there will be no want of slaughtered and mutilated bills, and honest Radical Members will find abundant occasions to express their senti • jnents, without the formality of motions, •l he newspaper press, too, will agitate the question greatly, We believe Peerage Reform to be indispensable. Odious aud disgraceful as the Lyndhurst plan of operations is, we believe nothing short of a regimen and kicks and insults will open the eyes of the apathetic, church-ridden, tithe-worshipping population of England, to the necessity of Peerage Reform. We have little doubt of the Liberal journals acting upon the • views we have stated. •The Examiner, after some remarks on the dead-lock of last session, judiciously ob- serves—" As we have long foreseen the difficulty, we also think we see the w&y; through it, and it has seemed to us, that until-the public judgment is ripe on thk question, i< is impossible to force the Go*- vernntent to a declaration." The peopl^ must put themselves forth, before a Minis* try can lead them, and in an imposing attitude too! That this will be the cas6 in the course of the existing session wd find every " sign of the times" to justify the opinion. The suffering of the poorer orders, ex* tending far among the middle classes, had been extremely great, iu consequence of the severity of the weather. It is an appal' ling fact, but it appears by the Parliament tary evidence, that one hundred thouasnd persons die annually of want in London^ one-half children under three years old. We have already made known to our readers the last attempt made uiion the life of Louis Philippe, on the 27tli of December. The young man who fired the pistol into into the carriage window seems to have made up his mind to his fate, and with a determination quite beyond what might be expected from his years, not exceeding nineteen, he refused to give his name, or declare any particulars whatever, by which he might be traced. A few days only had however elapsed since his apprehension. No doubt the activity of the French Police, if not the means which that body know so well bow to apply in prison, will bring to light every particular. The state of the Queen's troops in the North of Spain seems extremely critical. Bilboa is closely invested by the Carlists, and General Evans seems too much occupied with keeping down internal discontents in " the Legion," amounting to frequent mutinies in his best Regiments, to be able to make auy decisive movement towards its relief. We have a very n«airelative in General Evans' family, and although Aids-de-Camp in general are little disposed to look ?t the black side of their master's affairs, in the success of which their own professional interests are so materially concerned, yet from his communications to his family in England, (from which we have communications of tli 4th January,) it would appear that he expects the Legion to disband itself iu June, when the two years for which the enlistment of the men were taken will expire. General Evans was all but blockaded by the Carlists at St. Sebastian at the end of December. It would seem that there is so little hope of any decisive success, that the officers of the Legion were only kept logetheir by unwillingness to resign with the enemy in view. But if the General keeps his pledge to his constituents of Westminster to be present in bis place in Parliament at the opening of the session, we apprehend there will be an end of tha enterprize, the success of which has been any thing but what was either hoped or expected. The following wi I be found to contain some interesting paniculars :— " In consequence of a communication from Gen. Godfrey, who was despatched to Madrid relative to the present lo.v state of the finances of the Legion, a meeting of the officers in command of regiments was being held at the Lieut.-General's quarters, at the hour when the post- office here closed (England^ for letters on Sunday last. The reply of the Spanish government to that officer was unsatisfactory and disheartening in the extreme. They stated that they considered the British Legion had been paid up to the end of the present month ; and that, so far as arrears were in question, they of course held themselves iu 110 manner responsible. This astounding intelligence to officers who have received nothing hut the paltry field allowance, paid quarterly, gave rise to conjectures as 10 the past, to firm resolutions as to the future, and to the expression of suspicions as to the integrity of officers of high rank in the Commissariat Department. The subordinate officers of every grade, who, of course, more severely feel the want of money for so long a period than the members of the Council, and observing the silence that was kept respecting a matter in which their interests were so vitally involved, determined upon adopting their own measures. They accordingly met—the officers of each regiment exclusively, and though without any previously concerted arrangement, decided not to serve much longer unless some satisfactory arrangement were made for the payment of the arrears due—security for future payment from the 10th of January next, which is the limited time for the settlement of this dispute—and security also that until the termination of the service, after that date payment shall be regularly made monthly in advance. The officers of one regiment, I understand, agreed to accept three shillings a day for messing money, until sufficient funds were in the Treasury to pay up the arrears, provided the government engaged to discharge the claims of officers and men wounded in action, and of the relatives of those who were killed in action, or died while in the service. This is an honourable proposition' oh the part of those who made it, but' it must be regarded 1 as a great sacrifice. However, in' the present state of the Legion, distress and honourable feeling contend as to which has beeh the prompter of these measures. Of my own personal knowledge, I know many officers who seldom or never have a breakfast. They are worse off than the men, who I have before told you get an'excellent breakfast of chocolate or coffee regularly every mornihg. The officers, on the contrary, are limited to their rations; viz.—a pound of beef, a pound of bread, and a pint of wine. These are but short commons, ahd to those especially. who are obliged to Bleep upon a bed of boards, or who are posted oh an advanced picquet, and obliged to be walking about during the night. The faces of the shopkeepers of San Sebastian who have given credit to the Legion are daily Incoming more oblong, and from their physiognomies at present, I am nearly satisfied that they would as soon as the Carlists had entered the town, as that wis should have driven them from the lines. They may thank their own perfidious government for it. Much of the money destined for the Legion has been given to satisfy the mutinous cravings of the Spanish regiment*, and a great deal of it has been expended in constructing the fortifications on our lines. There is another report afloat, accounting for the deficiency in our funds, which, as it reflects upon the character of an individual, I shall forbear mentioning for the present. Dec. 21.—So far exhausted is the military chest, that even money enough was not to lie had to pay the trifling sum of a real and a half a day to about 150 or 200 men employed working at the fortifications on the lines. We hear, too, that the contractors for supplying provisions to the men, seeing no prospect of being paid, are becoming disheartened on account of the predicament in which they are convinced they have been involved, and have begun to show symptoms of a desire to recede from their contract. In consequence of the remonstrances addressed to the Lieut.-General, whose situation at present is any thing but enviable, notwithstanding the sincere convictions of the troops that he, so far from being blameable for the amount of arears dne to them, most heartily deplore it—he has been induced to publish the following general order, with a view to the settlement of all reasonable claims upon the * Spanish * # government. * * » * « I regret to state that a disposition to mutiny has manifested itself during the last three days in that distinguished regiment the 3rd, commanded by Colonel Churchill. A report was circulated amongst tha men that he was determined to retire from the service in disgust at the manner in which the Legion was treated by the Spanish government. The rumour was owing to a very prevalent opinion in the Legion, that Colonel Churchill was resolved to stand as candidate for the representation of an Irish borough. In fact, he was said to have tendered his resignation absolutely, but in consequence of many officers of the regiment having also tendered their resignations, he was prevailed ujion to withdraw his letter of resignation, and obtained leave of absence for six weeks. The regiment, on the following day (yesterday) was ordered, it being their turn of duty, to supply the picquet of 160 men opposite Ametza. That number turned out, but hearing that so many resignationsbadbeen tendered, they refused to march. Owing to this insubordinate conduct, the Lieut.-General persuaded Colonel Churchill to remain, and last night the order granting him leave of absence was rescinded. To-day they have partially returned to their duty, hut in a manner that certainly is by no means creditable to them, and that to a grea' measure tends to tarnish ilie laurels which their bravery in the field, and their hitherto unsullied conduct in their cantonments, had won for them. The contagion, I have just been informed, has reached the 4th and 10th regiments." " .Agitation" seems to have been highly organized 111 Ireland. Mr. O'Connell has " the Association" upon a footing quite equal in point of influence and importance to a Local Parliament. He has placed the " Directory I iu the bauds of the most able and popular men, so as that while he is carrying on " ayilaliun" in Parliament, it may not slumber in Ireland. At a meeting in December, he developed that which he purposed to submit to the House of Commons early in the session, for the " reform" of the lithe question, and the relief of the-poor, llis plan is to the efiectthat the tithes should be commuted, upon the principle of the Bill thrown out by " the Lords"' last year, throwing the weight of it from the occupier of the land upon the landlord, and appropriating the , whole amount to the relief of the poor. The Protestant Clergy to be paid by Government, out of the produce of the Church lehds, which are to be sequestrated to the Crown for that purpose, and as they " die off" the establishment to be reduced to an amount neeessary only for the actual demand of the existing Protestant population. This plan would obviously so tend to overturn the " Church Establishment," that it is not likely to be adopted. It will be objected to by many as desecrating the revenues of the establishment by devoting them to the purpose of providing for the bodily necessities instead of the religious instruction of the people, and by others, on the more reasonable ground, that "it makes the pauper population of Ireland a charge upon the resources of the empire, instead of upon the lands to which their numbers and their poverty give value. But though thus exposed to objections on both sides, there are undoubtedly soihe weighty reasons in its favour; and it is not perhaps unworthy of consideration even from those who are most disposed to reject it. The position of Ireland is such as to interpose difficulties in the way of any introduction of poor laws. There has not yet been any charge upon the laud for the support of the poor, and consequently the landlords have been accustomed to regard the whole of their income as their own—and very [many, probably, among them would feel as a serious inconvenience any such deduction from their rents as must be produced by an efficient law for the relief of pauperism. We are aware that this is a case in which 110 prescription can be pleaded against the right of those parties for whom the mieasure is needed ; but it is nevertheless a point which ought not to escape the notice of the Legislature. And besides this, owing to the absence of any poor law, an amount of distress and pauperism exists iu Ireland which might, if at once relieved, absorb a great proportion of the rental of the country. Any fund, therefore, which could fairly and properly come in aid of this charge should not be overlooked in any law which may be framed upon the subject, and with the feelings that Irishmen in general entertain in reference to tithes, it is not to be wondered at that this impost should present itself as the readiest and most appropriate source from which aid might be drawn for the purpose. To an Irish audience, therefore, this proposition is not unlikely to be acceptable. The following is the close of Mr. O'Connell's speech :— " I have, said Mr. O'Connel, to hand in two sums of money from England, which he did with great pleasure, one amounting to £25, and the other to £104. The first of those sums came from the English Catholic gentlemen, and had been remitted by the Honorable Charles Langdale, brother to Lord Stourton, one of the most influential of the old baronial families. The letter which conveyed it announced, also, that in addition to £5, which the writer himself forwarded, he sent £10 each from the Messrs. Maxwell. (Hear.) The next sum of £101, ivas the subscription of three aldermen, and fifty-two members of the common council of London (loud cheers), and also of forty other highly respectable merchants of the city. (Hear, hear.) after a few observations, Mr. O'Connell said, I don't care for Feargus O'Connor or Mr. Daniel Whittle Harvey. Neither of them are honest politicians. Mr Harvey is a man of considerable talents, he is a man of great worth as a private individual; hut in his public political capacity, the only one in which I speak of him, he is not honest. It is true it can be said that I exerted myself to obtain a place for him. I did ; I exerted myself as much as I could to get liim a place. It is said that my influence with the ministry is great, and yet they refused iny request. (Hear.) 1 saw that the steady principle was not in him; but 1 likewise saw that if he got place, we would have 110 more steady or staunch supporter, and I wished to secure him to our cause, (or I consider him to be a man of great abilities. I therefore importuned the ministry, those of them with whom I was acquainted, in his favor; and yet, notwithstanding the great power 1 am alleged by the Tories to have over them, they would not grant what I asked and what was the consequence? Just what I foresaw.' Mr. Daniel Whittle Harvey became an ultra-Radical. I leave Mr. Harvey and poor Feargus to the Tories. I envy them not for their leadership of the Tory-liadicals, or the praise which they receive from the Tory press. Let us act for ourselves boldly and openlj', and maintain our position.—. Let us persevere—let us manifest an idomitable resolution to obtain justice, and trust me we will not be allowed to proceed unsuccoured. We will persevere. We are, it in true, only making an experiment whether without a domestic parliament we can get! justice. We are making an experiment to see whether Englishmen are willing to do us full, fair, and impartial justice—an experiment which once I believed, and which, even now, I almost believe will fail. I fear, I verj much fear, that from a parliament Bitting in England we never will obtain our full just rights. But the very moment I ascertain this to a certainty, that moment we will fall back on our own resources, and demand, as our last resort, a domestic legislature. (Loud cheers)." Mr. O'Connell read to the meeting a long list of names of Members of the Common Cnnncil of the City of London, who had joined " the Associationand contributed liberally towards its "rent." We insert this list, as many of our readers may wish to see the names of the City of London Local " Lower House of Parliament," who are in communication with the (substitute) Local Parliament of Ireland:— " Members of the Court of Common Council of the Cily of London, who are desirous of becoming members of the General Association of Ireland, for the purpose of procuring justice and equal laws lor the whole people of that country, being persuaded that moral power, directed in a peaceable and legal manner, is the best way of accomplishing' those essential objects :— Aldermen Harmer, Lainson and White; Deputy J. Blackett; A. Galloway, R.Taylor, V. Figfrins, J. T. Bedford, Geo. F. Manner, W. A. Beckwith, U. Price, J. Ramshaw, J Charles, E. Mottram, G. H. Heppel, J. M. French, W. Marchant, Thos. Davies, J. Bey non, W. Johnson, H. Palten, C. Pearson, Wm. W. Pritchard, T. Pewtress, E. Fletcher, S. Jones, E. Watson, Stevens, W. Laurence, J. Laurence, W. Kepling, J. Holmes, J. Hoppe, T. H. Hall, Wm. Croucher, G. Lamb, T. Lett, J. Hoole, B. E. Browne, Deputy Alderman, R. D. Alderman, S. Bayless, David Gibbs, W. Alex. Redpath, M. Fibby, T. J. Halt, J. Parker, N. Negus, J. Hoard, J. Cur tis, J. Drinkald, G. Selsnn, Deputy T. Whitby, T. Marsden, D. W. Ware, C. Wood, R. Williams, W. Stiff, J. Lowe, J. Swain, W. Botterill, J. Ball, W. Harding, W. Stanton, member of the Northampton Town Council, J. Gurney, Dr. Lynch, W. M'Mahon, I. Windham, N. Wood, G. Langham, C. Vyse, R. Burnett, C. Williams, J. Maheary, C. Burch. Win. Cumining, Major Revel, W. D. Saul, M. Scales, T. Prout, SV. C. White, A. Pickard, J. A. Galknvav, J. Anderson, F. Haydon. W. H. Swift, 'Win. Scales. Wm. Hlswortb, J. I. Mills, B. Tipper, A. W. J. Harrison, J. Swiney, J. Ewens, J H. Powell, F. H. Paine, J. Evans, J. Beckwith, T. Emmett, R. Bell, Wm. Marsden, J. Shepherd, R. Champion, and J. Carter, Esquires. Having now given our readers a summary of general events, we will proceed to particulars. Of these there are lew worth mention—indeed we have already furnishtd them with every thing of importance to the end of the year, it is only the few first days of January that we have before us. The journals are fully occupied with distressing details of losses by shipwreck in the Channel and on both sides the coast during the dreadful tempests of December, and of losses both of life and property in England consequent upon the storms of snow, and oilier unusual inclemencies of the weather, with which the whole United Kingdom had been visited. The details are appalling. We copy the following from the Globe of the 5ih January :— " All the necessary arrangements for transferring to the Board of Admiralty the packe 1 establishment of the Post Office, have been finally completed, and the transer will immediately take place. The Post Office will of course regulate the times of departure, and in other respects advise the Admiralty as to the services which the mail packets are required to perform ; but it will most probably rest with the Admiralty to determine what description of vessel is best adapted to the particular service required, as well as to appoint officers best qualified for its command. It has, however, been arranged, that all contracts for the packet service of the Post Office, about to be transferred to to the Admiralty, are to be under the management of the Treasury." We observed last week that the Armenian language was now underntood to be the most nntient of the existing world. We copy the following from the above mentioned journal :— " At a meeting of the Royal Asiatic Society, specially convened, a paper was read from Mr. Bruce on the antiquity of the Armenian language, written to prove that it was spoken by Noah, and subsequently by all tiie" in ii abitants oFt'lic" earth"priortothe' 'coli - fusion of tongues. The writer states in this paper that a native of Armenia has less diffi- culty in learning a foreign language than a a person of an}' other nation." i Since writing the above, the Damson, from London the 13th January has arrived. Our own papers are only to the f 5th, but we have been favored by a friend, to whom we are under many obligations for similar kindnesses, with Bell's Messenger of the 9th January, and the Hamphire Telegraph and the Portsmouth He raid to the 7th. The following are their principal contents:— We have much pleasure in being able lo announce the safe arrival of Colonel Ar thur and family, all well on the 17th February, at St. Helena, having gone round Cape Horn. His arrival in London may be calculated therefore about the end of March. We have already noticed the deaths of the Duke of Montrose and General Hulse It is reported that the Whig Ministers will purchase the Tory Lord Hill from the command of the Army, by bestowing upon him Chelsea Hospital, vacant by the death of the latter, lo be bestowed upon the Marquis of Anglesea. The vacant Marshall's " baton" is not to be bestowed at present. The 62d Regiment was not given away on the 8th January. The celebrated Mr. Luke' White was returned to Parliament for the County of Longford, in the Gazette of the 7th of January, vice the mad Lord Forbes deceased. In the same Gazette the celebrated Staffordshire bankers, Messrs. Hordern and Co. are bankrupts. They had estab lishments in all the large towns o! Staftordshire, and their verv large issue of paper will no doubt cause much inconvenience. The celebrated Mr. Fonblanque, who succeeded Lord Eiskine as Attorney GeneralLO George IV. (when Prince of Wales) father of the Editor of the Examiner, died on the 4th January, ;iged 77. He was senior King's Counsel and father of the Bar. Sir F. Roe, th-5 Chief Police Magistrate of London, had been engaged, for the first week in January, by order of " the Home Office" in enquiring into the existence of a regular Spanish Inquisition, sitting at a large house in Broad- street, and composed of the Agents of Don Carlos. Tiie object is understood to be to seize and bring before it all the Queen's Spanish supporters in London, and threaten lhem with death, if they continue their proceedings. The result is not known. In Bell's Messenger of the 8th January, there are appalling details of the dreadful state of distress existing in the south of Ireland. Hundreds have died of actual want. The state of the Revenue, published on the 7th January, was highly gratifying. The increase since last year was as follows:— Customs - - - - - £1,093,534 Excise 1,199,414 Stamps 181,113 Which, with other heads of service, made a total increase of £'2,570,937. 11 is remarkable that, as foretold by the advocates of the measure, the reduction of the Stamp Duties on newspapers has increased the Revenue thereon. •The celebrated General Mina died on the 24th December. We have much pleasure to state that., by a combined movement between the Spanish General Espartero, and General Evans, and the British Royal Marines, and seamen under Lord Hay, the Carlisle were totally defeated before iiilboa, on Christmas Day, and the siege raised; the most favorable results are 'anticipated. The intelligence was received, by via Paris, by express. It is reported that the British Government' will now take the Legion into British pay, to prevent its being disbanded, and to trust to a bill of indemnity from Parliament at the ensuing Session. The Tory " Bell's Messenger" says, " it would be so much money lost forever." It appears, however, that there is some ground for the report; for, on the same day that the intelligence of the relief of Bilboa was received by Paris, the news reached the Admiralty by a Government steam boat Comet, from Bilboa, in ninety-two hours, and Commander Lapidge, of the Ringdove, and Lieutenants Otway, of the Comet, and 1 Hardy, of the Saracen, were all promoted I on the instant. 1 Mr. O'Connell has made public, in nswer to a letter from Mr. Went worth] Beaumont, the nature of his demands for Ireland. He thus defines them. "As long as Ilive, Ireland shall not be free rom peaceful, but energetic agitation ; till there shallbeperfect religiouf equality, and not one particle of political, civil, or temporal ascendency on either side f 9 This is tolerably sweeping. As we predicted, in a preceding column, the French Police have ascertained the name, &c.; of the youth who shot at the Citiz-n King. He calls himself " No. 2.;" but he is discovered to be a saddler, named Mfunrer. The proceedings against him are carried on with the darkest secrecy. The Navy Pay Ollice is abolished, consolidated with the Paymaster General's office. It is understood that Lord Hill has stipulated for a Brevet* previous to his retirement from the command of the army, to extend to Captains of 1822. It was expected to be in the Gazette, of the 10th January, as follows :— «' 42 Lieutenant Gtnerals to be Generals, to Sir \V. Anson, inclusive. 59 Major Generals to lie Lieutenant Generals, to Sit J. Nichotts, ditto. 64 Colonels to bo Major Generals, to Sir W. Gomm, ditto. 141 Lieutenant Colonels to lie Colonels, to Lieutenant Colonel Dalyell and Lieutenant Colonel Fox, ditto. 121 Majors to be Lieutenant Colonels, to Major Johnson, ditto H. P. 121 Captains to be Majors, to Captaiu Kelly, ditto R M. The Lieutenant Generals include those of 1819 — the Major Generals, those of 1821—(lie Colonels, those of 1829 —the Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, anil Captains, those of IH'22. Including the Royal Artillery, Kngineers, and Marines." Immense quantities of potatoes are now imported from France to Ireland and England. The price is reduced considerably thereby. The Superintendency at Canton, now held by Sir G. A. llobinson, with £6000 a-year, is abolished. The trade is to be left to the " Factories" and individual enterprise. The parting message of President Jackson, at Washington, on the 5th December, was received at Liverpool on the 27th. Van Buren, is President—Johnson, Vice President. Ten thousand sheep perished in Romney Marsh alone during the severe snow storms. The destruction occasioned by the thaw in the first week of January is stated as having been to an immense amount. A Radical Dinner was given at Bath on the 6th January, to the Radical Members, Mr. Roebuck and General Palmer. Colunel Napier made an ultra Radical speech. We shall copy it in our next. Consols (January 9,) 90|; wheat (quarter,) 58s. ; barley (ditto,) 33s.; flour (sack,) 48. 