SANDWICH ISLANDS. We continue our extracts from the Sandwich Islands Gazettes : Since our last, the U. S. schooner Enterprise has left this port for San Blase and Mazatlan ; she sailed in company with the American brig Griffon, and the Sandwich Islands schooner Kermandie (Honduras.) Commodore Kennedy, in the U. S. ship Peacock, it is said, will visit the ports of Upper California, including Monterey, Santa Barbara, etc, and will sail from here early in the following week there is a wide opportunity at California for the arm of protection to exercise itself in favor of the signers, who have been subjected to in- conveniences by the authorities of that country, in the transaction of their business and we are confident in the belief that the Commodore will get a hearty welcome from his countrymen whom he is about to visit. The more immediate cause of the intended visit of the Peacock to California is a petition to the Commodore signed by the Acting American Consul at this port, and the principal merchants and others whose affairs are more or less connected with the California trade, which represented sundry occurrences at the coast, whereby Americans have suffered loss by delay imprison- ment, and seizure. There is now a case on the docket ; there is a rumour that the brig Bolivar has been seized lately, for what reason, what substantial reason, no- body knows ; when the Commodore pops in at Monterey, we venture to opine, he will find out the why and the wherefore. DINNER ON THE PLAINS On the 20th September last, there was a runner at the country seat of J. C. Jones, Esq., in honor of the officers of the Peacock and Enlti prise. The viands were from fair to middling, we wish we could say more, but as no one, we are sure, came to eat only, or to drink only, we refer to a more agreeable part of the entertainment the hilarity and apparent happy feelings of the guests; every one appeared to enjoy himself, what more could every one wish ? Food, in the native style, was abundantly served up, baked dog (dog ! only think of it was among the dishes, and it was not to be sneezed at. Since our last, the U. S. ship Peacock has sailed, and the French ship La Bonne has arrived. The English man of war Action is expected to visit us shortly. Willi the protection of so much naval force from the respective countries, to which foreigners resident here owe their citizen- ship, it may appear almost evident to our friends at home that we are secure in the enjoyment of our rights and privileges in this land of our adoption that it will seem evident to those who, though far from us, are interested in our welfare, that the protecting spirit of our native land is hover- ing around our heads, and spreading the broad shield of justice over our interests. Yes, they will think so ; it may be true. The American Commodore after his arrival had several conferences with His Majesty and the chiefs. Topics were discussed there which have a hearing upon the most sacred interests of foreigners ; aye, upon their most sacred rights : the rights of pro- prietorship of foreigners' cálales,-esUtes of which they have become the legal possessors, were discussed ; the rights of the King and chiefs to expel foreigners were talked about. The policy of leasing land to strangers was on the tapis. The treatment of prisoners confined by the Sandwich Island government was treated upon Debts against the government in favour of Americans were brought forward. DEATH BY LIGHTNING At Katia, on the 15th October, a native boy aged about eighteen, was killed by lightning. The lightning first struck the grass near the boy, and set it on fire before it touched him he died instantly, being dreadfully scorched and disfigured. PllODUCEOFTHE SANDWICH ISLANDS. -For the information of our readers abroad, we subjoin a memorandum of several articles of merchandise which may be rated among the productions and exports of these islands ; although we cannot yet furnish statistics of quantities, neither prices current for this market, yet it may be interesting for some to know the names merely of the productions of this group. Hides and goat skins. Salting large quantities for export. Arrowroot Superior quality. Tapas Native cloth, used for sheathing vessels and covering the roofs of houses. Mats-Native mats, very scarce. Boards-A few boards are sawed at Hawaii, but not many. Tobacco Tobacco grows without cultivation, and considerable quantities have been exported from the islands ; large lots might soon be obtained with a little assistance from agriculturists. Fire wood Large quantities of fire wood are disposed of in this market to the shipping, and to families. &c.; Beans-Deans suitable for vessels' stores are frequently to be had in limited quantities. lia flers for house frames. Knees Hard wood knees for boats and vessels. Castor beans for making castor oil may be had in considerable quantities. Superior castor oil is now made at Oahu. Colton-Cotton by the cargo, ought to be obtained at Oahu sume exertions are progressing which will soon open the door to this staple. Sugar-Some lots have been sent from the islands, and sugar plantations are start- ing up with good earnest. Molasses Where sugar is made molasses must be abundant; one word of the Sandwich Islands molasses-it is splendid. Coffee-The coffee which has been produced hero is called first-rate, the only fault in it is that there is too little raised in a short time it will, without doubt, be forthcoming in large lots. Indigo-It is a proved fact, that indigo of capital quality may be easily raised at the Sandwich Islands. Swcatmcals-Good sweet meats are made hero of several sorts. Corn-Indian corn is raised. Paint oil-It is manufactured from the Fukui, or candle nut, in large quantities ; it is used and exported. Koa wood resembles mahogany, and is very excellent for furniture. Beef and pork These articles are packed here. Sole leather, calfskins, goat skins,' &c.; Skins and hides are tanned and dressed at the Sandwich Islands in various modes and the quality of the leather has been proved to be good. Moss-A species of moss called pure is found here, and is used for stuffing for beds. Sandal wood Quantity very limited. lied ochre-A red earth which answers for paint with very little preparation, and is exceedingly abundant. Chalk-A plenty of chalk is found at Oahu. Beware ye Counterfeiters Some villain has lately racked his paltry brains to discover the art of imitating that portion of the currency of Oahu known as " cut money," and has succeeded in producing sundry miserable lumps of lead, which have been thrown into the market during the existing scarcity of small change ; no doubt for the particular accommodation of the public. A man who will employ his time in cheating the community in so con- temptible a manner, entitles himself to the epithets of rose, scoundrel, and thief, and if any friend of honesty will point to us the name of the scamp who manufactured this counterfeit coin, we will grace the columns of the Gazette with it, that the mark of "'Cain" may be stamped upon his execrable brow. Foul play suspected A gentleman who visited Antwerp some time since, now in this port, met two sailors in the above mentioned city, who stated very plainly that the loss of the ship Catherine, by fire, off this harbour, in the fall of 1863, was not entirely accidental. There always hung a dark mystery over the case of the Catherine's destruction, and if it was caused by mischievous conduct " the murder will out." The names of the sai ors are unknown to the gentleman who encountered them, but they acknowledged themselves to have been of the crew of the Catherine. We have the pleasure this week of announcing the arrival of H. B. M. sloop of war Alison, the Right Honorable Lord Edward Russell, Commander, from England, via South America and the Mar- queens Islands. We are assuredly force- made in these latter days in an abundance of good things Enterprise, Peacock, La Bonne, and clean ! What a glorious list ! This little fraction of terra firma is not wholly forgotten, Gracias a Dios I NAMINGTHBSTRKETS.-Some time since we alluded to the project of naming the streets of Honolulu, and asked the public, the question of its expediency ; as nothing has been said against it, we infer that the idea is a good one " silence," they say, gives consent." To give the streets a legal title will depend upon His Majesty the King ; but its custom will answer as well as law, why not, for our immediate convenience, name some of the roads and bye-ways in the village, through the columns of the Gazette. Died, at Honolulu, the infant son of the Princess Nahinaina, the sister of his Majesty, after a short life of a few hours. It is supposed that this child would have been considered - presumptive heir to the so- vereignty of the Sandwich Islands, had it survived. Hard living in the Whale Fishery. communicated for the Sandwich Islands Gazette The following extract is made from the log-book of an English whale ship, formerly in these seas with thirty-six men. " Provisions expended on board the ship during the year 1828:" 532 lbs. salt pork ; 5472 lbs. salt beef; £200 lbs. fresh pork; 792 lbs. fresh beef ; 8 191)3. biscuit ; 54 gallons pearl barley ; 300 gallons flour; 216 gallons molasses ; 20 gallons oatmeal ; 240 gallons split peas ; 100 gallons peas, vice coffee ; 24 gallons rice ; 440 gallons rum; 120 gallons vinegar; 8100 onions ; 500 pears ; 12 melons ; 40 bushels sweet potatoes ; 144 pumpkins ; 2000 oranges; 1 bushel Chili peppers; 52 terrapin ; 3200 cocoanuts ; 220 bread fruit ; 120 bunches plantains ; 120 sugar canes; 963 fowls; 03 popular; 90 pine apples; 50 citrus; 150 taro roots 8 bushels limes ; 3360 lbs. Irish potatoes ; besides cabin stores, as tea coffee, sugar, butter, cheese, etc, and many hundred weights of fish. Poor fellows ! FIRE On Saturday last, the 19th of August, at Kaholaloa, in the suburbs of Honolulu, a large native built house was destroyed by fire, at about half-past one o'clock p.m. The alarm was instantly spread in the town, but owing to the extreme combustibility of the materials, of which the house was composed, it was soon reduced to a heap of ashes. The house was the property of his Excellency Governor Keikioova, of the island of Kauai the value of the property destroyed is not precisely known, but great quantities of printed mats, boards, and fishing nets were consumed. We are very seldom visited by [ fires, but from the nature of the old fashioned native houses it behoves us to use due caution. DOGS. What a perfect nuisance are those abominable beastly imitations of the canine species, accept dogs-, which infest our village; such a raw-boned, skinny, wi ted looking assortment of ghosts outfit to he banished from our society in these reformed times. It takes three of them to raise a growl, and six to bark, and then each yelping cur of them is obliged to lean against a fence. Will any one have mercy on our nerves, and buy their skins at a shilling each ? 