On Tuesday night, was produced, the drama of " Angelo round Verona." The piece has been so often in representation, it that the actors are quite at home in their respective parts, so that its H pleasure to witness the performance, instead of having to sit for hours to hear them shelter and stammer; which is not only put it out to the hearer, but lo ob and even a meaning of the dialogue is totally out of the question, To this succeeded a comic ' dance, by Mr. Fitzgerald, and it so pleased the gods, that they loudly vocife- rated for an encore, which being complied with, they insisted upon a hornpipe, and their wish was again accorded to. The amusements of the evening concluded with what is styled, " The Grand Hur losquo, Operatic, Farcical, Bombastic, Extravaganza," called " Othello Travel tie." The immortal bard's splendid tragedy, frittered down into two acts of the vilest doggerel imaginable. It is a complete stretch of the absurd which cannot go further. The piece we should pronounce to be a miserable failure as a performance, although individually, each of the company, did their best to support it. Not OHO of the actors, with the ox- J ceptiouof Miss Winstanley, could deliver the lines with any thing like propriety \- certainly she had but little to do, but that little showed that she had studied on which part of the dialogue the emphasis should be placed, of this the rest I were totally deficient!. It is a performance that would answer very well for a benefit night, but can never become either a favorite with the public, or a stock piece. There is a variety of singing, which went off execrably, and set our teeth on edge. Mr. Collins was the Duke of Venice ; he was tolerably lue-' cessful. Erabantio, an old codger, and senator of Venice, was sustained by Mr. Dyball very fairly. Othello, Moor of Venice, formerly an independent nigger, from the Island of Hayti, by Mr. Win-¡ tors was a failure; he out-Heroded Herod, lago, Othello's officer, once a native of the Gaultee Mountain!, county of Tipperary, province of Munster, and Kingdom of Ireland, was played by Mr. Buckingham, who appeared not to be perfect in ha s part, judging from one or two blunders, one of which kept the audience waiting at least a couple of minutes. Iloderigo, a very silly youth, and very partial to Mrs. Othello, by Simes, was the most comic character in the piece ; it was evident that he had studied it. Cassio, a man of note, but still an injured man, rather in liquor, or the liquor there, was sustained by Mr. Lee, the worst specimen of burlesque comedy we have ever seen that gentleman attempt. Lodo vice, a very respectable gentleman, whose chief duties consisted in carrying an umbrella over the Duke's head, and sporting a broad brim hat, tied under his chin, by a red cotton handkerchief, was enacted by Mr. Peat. Mr. Fitzgerald as Montano, caught in a row with Cassio, but not disposed to fight, was successful. Mr. tíhrihhs was a very knowing first police- man, armed with a hot poker. Mrs. Larra was a bouncing Desdemona, a very good natured lady, wife of Othello, and not a bit too well treated by him; poor Mrs. O in every embrace, appeared on the point of being suffocated. Miss Winstanley looked very engaging and interesting as Emely. Mr. Knowles did the ghost of Desdemona, and looked sufficiently frightful for the occasion. There was miserable scene shifting, and the whole piece appeared to have seagoing in the most careless manner. On Thursday night was produced the tragedy of " Richard the Third," it having been performed the preceding Monday for the benefit of Mr. Spencer, which gentleman upon this occasion again enacted the character of the " crooked backed tyrant," on the whole, most ably; it is unquestionably his chef draws, and has not been surpassed by anything that has been played upon the Sydney boards. His dress, looks, action, and manner, were all in keeping, and fully shewed that Mr. S. bad well conceived the character. In the tent scene he was particularly effective, and every passage drew down a round of applause, which was well deserved. There is another point, and one of no small consideration, in Mr. Spencer's acting-he strives to please, and therefore never fails in giving satisfaction in his Shaksperian characters, to which he must confine himself in this line he has no equal here -we do not except Knowles himself- but out of Shakspeare his manner is too stiff and formal, Mr. Knowles doubled the characters of Buckingham and Richmond without the slightest occasion, and with bad effect ; the illusion was destroyed. Mr. Peat should unquestionably have played the former. Re that at it may, Mr. K. was about as imperfect at usual that is, without knowing many complete sentences in either character. Mrs. Jones, as Prince of Wales, played very passably ; her dress became her much. Master S. Jones was interesting as the Duke of York. Mr. Lane made a hit as King fleury, and was applauded ; it is a pity he does not always play with the same feeling and effect. We did not approve of Mr. Collin's Stanley ; he had a very disagreeable motion of the logs, and appeared to be calculating " what next?" Mr. Peat was very fair as the Lord Mayor ; it is a part in which no one can shine. Ilntoliffe and Tyrrel were both sustained by Mr. Lee effectively ? Mr. Buckingham was respectable us Norfolk. Mr. Dyball, as Lieutenant of the Tower, played very fairly. Miss Douglass was successful as Queen Eliza- beth ; the workings of her paternal feelings were well developed. Miss Winstanley was rather interesting as Lady Ann, but she delivered the greater part of her sentences in too high a key. Mrs. Larra was effective as the Duchess of York, The piece as a whole went off well. The house upon the rising of the curtain was thinly attended, but filled at half-price. During the first part of the evening it was difficult to distinguish either stage or actors, from the house being filled with smoke arising from the lamps. The orchestra appeared horribly out of lune, and did anything but draw forth dulcet tones. Monday next being Easter- Monday,, will be brought out "The Dog of Mon larges" and in Don Giovanni ;" in the latter piece Mr. Buckingham will play the jchaiaetorof Leporello, in the place of Mr. Knowles, who upon this occasion has been shelved. The dog Brain will perform. Mrs. Taylor enacts the Don. 