THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. IT is with much pleasure that we insert the Yearly Epistle of' that pious and respectable denomination of Christians, who are generally known by the name of Quakers. The Epistle throughout, is remarkable for its piety and sim plicity, and contains some solid and judicious observations on the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures. One sentence is well worthy of at tentive consideration " That whatever any man says or does, which is contrary to the Scriptures, though under the profession of the immediate guidance of the Spirit, must be reckoned and ac counted a mere delusion." It is manifest that if such a principle as this were universally adopted, it would tend to unite all orders of Christians in bonds of harmony and love, and to annihilate those superstitious practices which have too long contaminated a great portion of the Church. YEARLY EPISTLE. To THE QUARTERLY AND MONTHLY MEETINGS OF FRIENDS, IN GREAT BRITAIN, IRELAND, AND ELSEWHERE. Dear Friends,--We salute you in the love of the everlasting Gospel; fervently desiring that grace, mercy, and peace, " may abound towards you from God the Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour." Our Meeting has been large, and we have cause thankfully to acknowledge that the great Head of the Church, who has often made himself known amongst Us on- these solemn occasions, has not withdrawn his presence from us, but has again perihitted us to re joice in: his favour.. We desire that we may yet ,more and m'ore approve ourselves the true disciples oftour Lord Jesus Christ, by evincing a fervent love one towards another.- The grace 'of brotherly love . has long'marked our Society. as a Christian com. inunity; and may it ever. be preserved amongst us! SWe believe:that it is at all -times acceptable'in the sight of our Father in heaven, and we regard it as an evidence that. the life of religion is vigorous in our souls when a close watch is maintained against every Sting which tends to ,break in upon this precious bond. The spirit of enmity is truly the spirit of the devil. How comprehensive is the precept of our Lord, " Whatsoever, ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." The carrying OUt of this principle in our individual conduct, would exclude all evil surmising and harsh and hasty judg ing one of another, =and woiuld be one great means of maintaining the Church in. harmony and. spiritual health. " How tender would it make us of the reputa tion one of another-how careful not to offend, and ,equally careful hot to receive offence ! We earnestly press it upon Friends every where, thatrat all times, and under all circumrstances, they labouir to cultivate so holy an'd heavenly a spirit. We have -received epistles from our Friends in Ireland, .and from each of the Yearly Meetingsairi America, and have felt that it isgood: for us thus to have our dear brethren brought to our affectionate remembrance. . The amount of. he sufferings of. our members for tithes.and other ecclesiastical demands, including the charges of distraint, reported to this Meeting, is up wards of eleven thousand one hundred pounds. The Friend, whom we noticed last year' as a prisoner at 'Carlow, in Ireland, in support of our anclieit Chris. tian testimony against tithes, has been liberated under the authority of a clause'in an Act of the Legislature, passed during the last session of'Parliament. Often as our religious Society has declared its be lief in the divine authority of the'Holy Scriptures, and upheld the sacred volume as the only.divinely au thorised' record of the doctrines of true religion, we believe it right at this time to revive some important declarations of Scripture itself on the subject.. It is expressly declared by the :Apostle Peter, " that the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy men of God spake as they iveie moved by the Holy Ghost"." (II. Pet. i. 21.). The Apostle John declares respecting the Gospel which he wrote, " These are writtenathat ye.might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believ ing ye might have life through his name." (John xx. 31.) _ Yery pertinent and comniprehensive is the lan guage which the Apostle Paul addressed to Timothy: " From a child thou. hast known the Holy Scriptures, which are able-to 'make thee 'wise unto salvation, through faith which, is in Christ Jesus. All Scrip ture is given by'insjiration of God,- and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness; that the man of God may be per fect,, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." (II. Tim. iii. 15-17.) Again the Apostle says, " Whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that ive, through patience and comfort of'the Scriptures, might have hope." (Rom. xv. 4.) Finally, our blessed:Lord, in refer ence to those Divine writings of which the 'grand ob ject, according to his own 'declaration, was to tes tify of himself, emphatically declares ' :the Scri'tu're cannot be broken." . Although most of these passages relaie to the Old Testament, our Society has 'always freely acknow ledged that the principles developed 'in: them. are .equally applicable to the writings of the Evangelists and Apostles. In conformity with these principles, it has ever been, and still is, the belief of the Society of Friends, that the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, were given' by inspiration of God; "that, therefore, the declarations contained in them rest on the utiliority of God himself; and there can be no appeal from them to anyother authority whatsoever. That they are able to make us ,wise' unto salvation 'through faith which' is in Christ Je'us;' being the appointed' means of making known to us the' blessed truths of Christianity. 'That- they are the only divinely authorised record 'of the: doctrines which 'we are bound as Christians to believe,, and of the moral principles which are to regulate our actions. That no doctrine which is not cbntained in the Holy Siriptures' can' be 'required of any one to be believed' as an article of faith. 'That whatso ever any man says or does, which is 'contrary' to the Scriptures, 'though under professionn of the immediate guidance of the Spirit, must be reckoned and accounted a mere delusion. We trust, however, that none of our m.embers will content themselves with merely entertaining a sound view of the Holy Scriptures, but will remember that they are given to us that'they may be diligently used, and that we may \obtain a right understanding, of them' in'the 'fear of the 'Lord. Let us nedver forget that their true purpose is, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, to bring us to our Lord Jesus Christ, that by'a living operative faith in Him, we may ob tain reconciliation with' the Father, and be made par takers of ev.erlasting life.. As the Holy Spirit influences our heart, and en lightens our urnderstanding, we' are brought' to a lively apprehension of the character and oflices of the Messiahh, aid Christ, received liy'fTaith int:o the soul, and ruling there by his Spirit, becomes our sure and only hope of glory. We have always helld, that the reliance, of the penitent soul for the forgiveness of sins, and for acceptance withi :our heavenly: Father, must ever be placed on the sole'ground of the free mercy of God in Christ Jesus. " For all have sinned and come short of thelgloiry of God; being justified by his grace through the redemption which is in Christ Jesus, whom God. hath set:' forth; to be a propitiation through faith in 'his blood, to declare his righteousness fo. the remission of bins 'that are past, through the forbearance of God, that he might be just, and the jlustifier of him that'believeth in Jesus." (Romans ni. 23-26.) We tehink it right plainly to declare, that we have never acknowledged any. principle of spiritual light, hlife, or holiness, inheirent, by nature, in the mind of man. Like our early Friends;,we believe in no prin ciple whatsoever of spiritual light; life,' or holiness, egcept the influence of the Holy. Spirit of God,'be. stowed on mankind in various measures and degrees through Jesus Christ our Lord; We are deeply so licitous that the precious doctrine of the Holy. Ghost, as plainly unfolded by our Lord Jesus Christ and his Apostles, may be maintained amongst us in all fulness. May we never depart, in word or deed, from that Christian profession of faith on the sub ject which has been so carefully cherished 'by the Society of Friends from its first rice to the present day. This is a subject ori which we may venture to appeal to the experience of many of our dear.,Friends, in various conditions of life, 'who have enjoyed but little of those outward advantages which have fallen to the lot of others. There are those of this description, as well as others, we fully believe, who have known much of the free and immediate visitation of the Holy Spirit. Submit yourselves, dear Friends, to these visitations; accept them as evidence of the continued and unmerited goodness of God to your souls. They bring the mind into tenderness and contrition before the Lord, present the blessed truths of the Gospel, as they are recorded in Scripture, with clearness to the understanding, fix the heart on Jesus, yoke down the evil propensities of the natural man, and lead to the patient bearing of the fruits of the Spirit, love, joy, ;peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, and temperance." To this list-of Christian virtues, we may add that godly sincerity and sterling integrity in which the Christian endeavours to main tain a conscience void of offence towards God aid' man. SWe would remind, you of; the encouragement which the Lord Jesus has given us to a fervent exercise of soul for this divine influence. " If ye then, being evil, know how to give, good gifts unto your children, how much more shall', your Father, which is in heaven, give his Holy Spirit to them that ask him.?" !We entreat our dear Friends every where to strive after a life of true holiness and devotedness to God: a life springing out of that. state of mind, in which self is kept in subjection under the power of the Lord Almighty. Mayg:we all of us be enabled to say with the Apostle, " I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless, I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me' and the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the Son of God, :lwhloved me, and gave himself for me.".; When such comes to be more generally our ex perience, the truth as it is in Jesus willindeed flourish' amongst us.;iand,' under his' grace and governiment, our blessed portion will: be the unity of the Spirit, in the bond of peace. Signed, in and on behalf of this Meeting, by SAMUEL TUKE, Clerk of the Meeting this..year. 