ELLEN NEWTON. [ꜰʀᴏᴍ ᴛʜᴇ “ʟᴀᴅʏ’ꜱ ᴍᴀɢᴀᴢɪɴᴇ.”] “A goddess! but a goddess who descends To make her human mate immortal with her love! * * * * * But fniiur,fairer still, When the dark cloud« sprea I o'er our shining life, In sickness, and in sorrow, «ml ia toil Winn by the suffering oouoh she sweetly tends, With «tap that yields no sound, nud ey o tltatoUim* in. el.e,, Deoming ilevotioo duty. Benuleous being, Who elnirr-3 ourgtiof,nn I, »bating,soothesthopang : Tor tbcn m m lee's, mid all his miserf, Bliss etui remans with such a minisirant " D'ttratlitht Younger'» Revolutionary Epie. Tho last rave of nf. nuiumnul nun hod shed their beautiful cnmt.cn glow over (he face of nature, brightening up oorao fat-off steeple, or Hoping lim writers of the river with ils pu i plu dye, which ovory now und then peeped out as it meandered thoupli Ihe gieen fields uud sleeping woods, making the .cene look like fauy land. D lyllgbi, fast departing, appeared lo the eva io flsp its wings hkn a hird as it Illinois us dUiuitt flight, when E len Now ton, seated on the bedsiJo of her sick mothoi, lotted first upon ihe lovely landscape, then upon the pallid fere of tho invalid ; sud she thought how Uko wmo the spirit and iii« day-both quivering to depart ; bolh irradiated with a light so inn sot ml eui, that it seemed ibu hue of some belter world. The sun sank behind the hills, end each little .tar began to trim its slumbering lump, when tit« »¡ck mother, turning, enid, '- Ellen, ray dear child i did you soe yon sun sink lo test i I know rou did. 1 siw you wa.clung ii, mid you tboiigbt 1 should -»¿y r behold its light again," . " Oh, no ' dear mother ; 1 hope you will live to Ree many,ninny suns rise and set," Bul there was ? ferve* in the muiuier in which Ellen proiiuuuaud the word ho¡>», wnich too plainly told it was bul [a forlorn one. " Ellen, you're a gond, nfivctioiiate girl,'said Mrs« Newton, " nuil you wish to buov up inv spirits, but I feel that within in« which says I shrill never mote ?eu ita beams in this world, but I trust I shall in a better. Ob ! Ellon, though 1 am trembling on the brink of ibe stave,! feel it joy I never experienced before ; for I r.m going from a elimo of but row to that f.n-off happy land, whence no traveller returns ; lluro, 1 shall meet my dear relations, my children, my Saviour, and naver, uevor be turu away from them." " Denr mother, you must not distiess or iitfQe yoursoll by alking of Ileso things ; tho itoo or Biys rou must keep quiet, and you wtllyul recover." " Never 1" ejscululod the dying woman ; " and it caminí distress me to talk about h.r.ren,iny future burne, where 1 shall be so happy. All smiles-no tears CHU flow lhere % and vu. Hilen, will sonn join me, if you live a life if virtue and love to God, Obi never, for lite nuke of a lillie comfort here, or because of the frowns of the world, to-get your duty to bim. Piny to him and trust in him, und he will lend you through all dangen?. E'en though you walk ihiough ihe valley of the shadow of death, you need fear no evil, for hu will be with you, his tod and his staff, ib y will comfort you. I havo «?.en the sun set euee moto, mid ut»v, like bim, 1 ?will lie down end try to sleep, for I feel exhauited and very f,iint " As Ehen removed the pillows which propped her mother on the bed,the tears fell fast down her ohei k ; but the room being now nearly dirk, the invalid «lid not observe thom-she only wonderod why her gentle iiu-se was so silent. Lorn/did the warm hoa-led girl watch by the bed- side of her parent. T he lime for taking her medicine was past, but as she appeared to sleep, E len fe ned to disturb her. The deep tone ot tha villaje clo-k was stiiking the hour of two. when the bick woman roused lierstll, and said, *' Ellen, will you te I your father I wsh to see him I I cannot last loi>g,-the film of death is coming over my eyes." Ellen left the room in search of her father, whom she found in the next apartment anxiously waiting to hear how his wife was. When they reached the bedside of the invalid, they found her evidently stupor had come upon her, so that she seemed quite vntonscious. After a little, she recovered sufficiently to discern who wera in tho room and exclaimed, "Oh, my husbind! 1 shall soon be taken from you, but do not giieveforme, I shall be very, very liappy, Henry; only mind and follow me; let us meet in heaven, ani spend a blissful immortality to- gether ; and my child, my child'! you, loo, shall come, and then we will sin? in sweet union the praises of our God ; but you must tread in the paths of teligion, if you wish this to be the ca=o ; and 1 charge you, Ellen, that unless Edward Connerly forsake his lormer habits, and live an upright life, you never give your hand to bim ; but if-if-ho refoim-" convulsive shudders began to shake the jioor sufferer's traine, "you- you may- you nny." (.he gasped. One deep groan, and her spirit had winged its flight lo heaven. Wo pa--s over the atigui-h naturally fell on such occasions fur one much beloved. Mr. Ne«ton now found his only consolation in his daughter Ellen, and -she well repaid her ialheis's love ; but it was wi-h great anxiety he day by day, w tnefsed the rosy blush of her cheeks uiving way to the pale hue of ihe lil) ; mil her uhoic fiams gradually wasting away, occasioned by her unremitting care of her Lit-; mo her. For weeks she had attended hei couch, many nights without lasting the sweet ref.eshment ol' steep, t) ! hew deep ! how lat-ting is woman's love. Winn even the stern biow of mm suiks under mis- fortunes, her spirit w11 bear him up and sooth his rare. It is in the sick room-in the prison-on the ?bed of death-when all consolations seems to cease ; that wom-in hovets near to supp .like an anj;el sent from heaven. O'I, reader, if yuu< have eier fell «hat it is to b3 loved by a dear, a vir tunis woman you have (bunk of the honied vvaisr which flows from the springs of Parad'se. Ellen became daily mote languid ; and Mr. New- ton (leteimined upon trying wht-tlier change of scene and the bi.icing tur of the sea-side wou d ajain re- store her to her health. They fixed u .on the pretty town of H-, from its being warm beneath the cliffs, and the hills possessing all that was needed to nn invigorating atmosphere. In about a fortnight they were cointortably ensconced in a neat little cot ta.-e. It was so near the beach, that in tha winter the waves came within a few yards of the door, and al i-piiug ti .es were evan rude enough lo enter with- out invitation. The change soon mai'e a visible dif- ference in Ellen's health, and, in ashoit time, she was sufficiently well io enjoy n wallt upon the sands, and occasionally, lo lake a sa.I Often would she gaze upon the fine extensive views from the Downs ; . tut still the beach was her favourite, for there she ' \ co ild look upon ihe sea. a-id think of one far away, ' i rocked on its briny brenst, on whom three turn nets ¡ EU tis had shone since she had seen bim ; an I she , ' would often fondly build a bower of happiness, yet to i ft come -, or mournfully weave u cypress wreath to bind ! litr youth'.ul brow One evening when taking her accustomed walk,' with a little boti of poems for her companion, alie ' found she had strolled so far from the village, that the shades of n gilt were fast gathering around her, and f at she could la-'dly legain the house before it WJS quite dark. Ellen turned io hurry home, when close upon the track she perceived a group of men, busily employed cenvejing a quantity of small pack- ages from a long low boat which had ciept so noise losslv and close io the shute that sha had not seen or lie.ird it until that moment. Her curiosly was excited to know what they could be doing, for lhere was no .ship in the offing from which they could have come. ' Gaiin,' upon them, yet still huuying on, a pistol was fired from the cliff, and before its tones had " ceased to echo from, hill to hill, three men cama -winding down from the heights by an untrodden and ' dangerous path, "Their appeaiance caused an evident sensation among'the sailors; they stopped, then worked willi greater fury to git tin goods they had tike» fiom the ves el back again. Hy this timo the three men had gained the beach in safety, and Ellen could p aioly petceive they were dressed in the uni. torm of revenue ' fficers t»he dreaded the meeiiog between men of such de-perate character, and as they were still some lilt e distance a head, and appeared nit to have no iced her, trembling willi fear, she detetmined io conceal herself behind some of the jut ing pieces of. cliff, which the storm had rent from I its breast, »here she could see the movements of the parties without atlracting attenlion. 'The pievenlive mon advanced ur.t'i within a few yatds of the b al, wh..-:i they stopped, and she could hear them demand of the wiiors what they had in their vessel "Wha'e thal to you, you land-shark 1-minti your own business,'" cried one of iba suspicious jinny who seen.cJ lo lake ibe lead. " liu". it is oui business to know what ia in your boat, nn 1 whe'e y>u brought it from," letorted th> prevoutive-man j '. and m the kin«'* name we com- mun I you io m mm ui immediately, or we must proceed to lake it by force." " That you »bail never do," said the sailor, " while I boro brealh in my bodv 1-come,ho-a-hoa my boya-, shove her off!" oiied he to bia comrades; " lot's show these lubbeis tua way to answer an noir ii question.''. The men bad noVopnergut itàirjtrawny sbouhleraS to ihe slo*n of ihn boat, their tho coast-guard I rushed upon them, uni n dreadful xtruitgl» ensued ; they would sunn bave beeu ovutcnie by the supe- rior number of tboir opponents, had not the alarm of the pistol brought ti body of m-ii bom tho station bouse, nt «bout a quniiorof n milo up tho baaoli. The smugglers percviving this reinforcement, lent J'I their energios lo shove tho boat off from the I 'horn, und gi King her fairly nil mt, tho men jumpn.t to, und weru full I wo ra 'lea' length at sea bolero (hu new aomors ronohvd the 8)0t, One of the préven- tive mun lay bleeding upon tho sand, dieadfuhy wounded, mid the smugglers bad left ono of their own comrades behind upon tlio bench. First of nil, fl'iMjC thoir pistols uficr ihe fugutives, who were ah cody leo fur off for their ebote to luke effnot, the preVBtilivo-mcn next secured their prisoner, who offarod no resistance ; then they picked up their wounded mun, and acioss their shnuldois conveyed him to the station house. All that wo have related oooupied hut n fhort time in action. Ellan had witnessed ibu conti.ot, and willi ibu timidity of one uimcoust'.met) lo ibe sight of blood, and the sound of brutal i.rnlis, lind m-urly fainted ; abo lind seen the rough faces of both tho parlies, excepting tho countenance of one lull young man, who, sti.uding with his back to her, leant upon the gunwale of ihe boat, appearing to tnko no interest in the struggle ; this she thought wini the one who had bon left behind ; ii seemed stiango that he should not haye endeavoured to save himself. As soon as tho coast was qu'te clear, lint fearful girl shrunk from her hiding-place, hurried home as fast as her trembling limbs would carry her, and arrived at the cottage just as Mr. Nuwton, with anxious fears depicted in his countenance, was going out in search of hi« lost daughter. "How now, my dear 1-whero have you been all this time X' cried the nervous parent; "I was just has'etiin« to look for you. Butch, how palo you look-what is the mat er!" Kilto sunk down into a chair, unable to answer a vvotd. "La Bliss you, sir! she has seen a hobgoblin, depend oo'i," said the servant woman, as she un'Ld her young mistress's bonnet, and tried to res'.oto her to life by the iffluvia Irjm an old fashioned smelling bo'.tle. " 'They be very common in these 'ure parts: there were Betty Feinting nearly tumbled over tie clift ni ihe sight of un. which tuned out to be a donkey's cats, which twiddled in Ihe moon; and Johnny 'Joh, too, he see the ghost of his g cat grand mother, who used to tell fortunes here; the poor j feljr come home to his wife white piilrifi.nl. " Hush, hush -be silent woman."siid Mr. New- ton ; '- she is now coming to hcisetf a little, and will soon be able to tell her own story without your assis- tance." When Ellen was sufficiently recove ed she related to her father all that had passed j and, after receiving an injunction from bim never to wander again so far from hame, they retired to rest | The next morning, while silting at breakfast, Mr. Newton sent his man to leam the name of the unfor- tunate prisoner, and any particulars which might be extracted fruin lum- When the man had returned ho was sent for into the parlour to communicate tho news. " Well, John," said Mr. Newton, " what is his namoi" " Edward Con-roner." "Edward Conncrly ! ' exclaimed Mr. Newton, and his daughter at the same moment : '' impossible." *' Well, sir, 1 doant know ; it arent for me to con- tradict my betters, but if it aient Edward Conncrly, or Connut by. or some such n mc, may I never kiss Joan again " " Well, well ! never mind, my good mm. De- pend on it. Ellen, he has made some mistake," said Mr Newton, tu-ningto his daugh er. But El on hid (.one : as soon as she had heard the name of | Conncrly she had rushed out of the rjom. " They said it be the one that ii ed the pistol al the prcvcntil-man " continued John, '- who be badly »ounded, and they hardly tamk will get the belter on't." "Indeed" said Mr. Newton trying to hide hil emotion ; " bul don't let's hear any thing moie about it John. You may go now." The affectionate -f ithcr instantly sought his daugh- ter, whom he found in her own room in violent hysterics. It was now evident to him thai his daugh- ter was deeply attached to Connelly, and he could not prevent a s:gh escaping from his bosom. " 1 will leave her lill she is more calm," he said to the servant who attended her, and quitted the loom. TtiB next day found Eden very low in spit its, but yet res'gne 1. " Father," she ¡>.iid, "jou do not, cannot believe that Edward is guilty. 1 am sure you cannot for I swear to y ou that I saw itali; It was not he-he did not stir. Oh! would to God Iliad known it had been he, for then I might have saved .um from the imputation of so horrible a i rim?.". The prisoner was removed from the village of J II- to W-gaol, to take bia trial for murder. | Thither did Mr. Newton and his daughter repair, and as the assizes were then on, ihey lud not long to wait for the aw ful day ; but howtver short the time, | it appeared lo Conut- rly and li s unknown f lends to fly on leaden wings. The day at length arrived, and the pa ent and his «.Ililli early took their seats in the hall of justice. The court was already nearly full, so deep was the intciest for the late of the unhappy man. Many a hardy, sun burnt seaman's countenance might be seen among the crowd, eager to hear the lot of a biothcr tar; and many a rosy-faced blue-eyed girl, whose chnrms were heightened only by her plaio country ^irb lind come to see the handsome sailor The judge, haviiig lake« hisse.it. read over the, ndictmeiit. and put the question of " guilty or nut Milly,'" to which the prisoner relut ned, in an unalter ng voioo. " no1 guilty." The trial was ihcn pro- j .eeded in by ihu learned counsel who appeared on ' ichall of the crown, concisely stating the facts of the I Jiicouiiter on the beach, calling the j-iry's attention to .he most prominent features against the p isoner, and winding up by saying, .' the wojnded man had since lied, from the effects of a ball which entered tbe right si-le of his neck, the side on which the piisaner was standing : and on the sand at his f.et were found two pistols-one had been discharged, and ihe pow- der was wet. Tha unfortunate man's last words were. ' that is the man who has_ brought me to this ' I think ihe case is clear, ft.r, independently of the crime of murder, the prisoner's 1 fe i» forfeited for five years to the king for smuggling. If crimes of this, kind nrc allowed to escape without punishment, we shall never be safo in our homes Hie duties ol the | customs will never be collected." 'The lea ned coun- sel, before -utting down, called Henry Johnson and [ William Paine, who both bore witness as to the identity of the piisonor, but were unable to slate,| whether he v.-as the person who shot the preventive man or not. 'I he judge then rose and addres3etl the prisoner: - " Edward Connerly you bave heard tie charge I rought against you by my learned brother. 1 he circumstantial evidence of Ihe case appeals to be very much against you- You know the awful sen- tence which, if lound guilty, will be pronounced. Havo you any thing to say ?" The prisoner for a moment or two covered his face with his hands ; his whole_ frame shook-a desperate a ruggle was going on within. He tunk his hands ! away, all trace of suffering and fear had vanished, and, confronting the judge with a steady look, he said-"My lord judge, and fellow-countrymen, 1 am a sailor-, 1 had been for nearly three years in the liol region i-f the east j _ my burnt brow can well attest it has not received its hue from the fickle rays of England's suns. 1 sighed lo see my native shores again. 1 longid lo see once mare that fair girl whom I lefi as pure as the mountain snow, yet warm hearted as the noontide breeze. Was it not natural 1 should wish to ee such objects again 1 A vessel was j in port, Called La Helle Matilde, whose cap am had di.-d of a roa'ignant fever then ragiug it» Calcutta, and I agreed to navigate her home. After a continuance of favourable gales, we arrived in the Channel, when, as if my mother country were angry to see her sjn return, the wind arose and howled around my helpless bark. 1 had | no pilot on board ; ii thickened to a storm. lu vain were cables put out, they snapped like twigs from the j grasp of a falling man. A cry of honor arose-the vessel had sir nek, and tha water was fast pouring in through the plan1, s Death stared us iu the face ; some men drank and swore the r senses away -, others I on'their bended knees sought for succour from Hea- ven Hut every effort was fruitless ; one dreadful I s.-a parted the vessel in iwo, and we were launched into the foaming waves-some to enter an unkuown I world with cuises on their lips. Lashed lo a spar for nearly two hours. 1 felt ihe briny water wash over [me; and j et no sound of human voice was near, I save new and then the last gasp of some fellow being as he sunk to rue no more. My senses were going I could no Lmger see Methou¿hl I lay upon | a downy bed, in a garden of fljwers, lulled to sleep by the soft music ol beautiful girls who Quted around me. I know no more till, as if disiurbcd fiom a i pleasant dream, I awoke, and saw a dark featured man standing over rae ; endeavouring to pour some i brandy down my throat. 1 was in the boat of the ¡smiifrgleis. I asked them not who they «eie, but 1 ,thankedihemfor my life. OUI who can tepaysuch a debt ,as this,! »nd -ycbnow ¡you would taVo^awny frcmmuthnt wliícli you'can iu-Ver'give again." But to return-being a little recovered,« 1 began to look around mo, at.dsaw thai the boat was Ulled with tubs of spirits; I guessed immediately the character of my deliverers. We noarcd the shore f my native lulls rose plainer and plainer upon my sight; tlio boat groundel, and we wire on ihe boich 1 j'ltnped out, bul being (till f int. stood for stippoit willi my back against the stern of the boat. 1 he icuffle between the preven ho men and mv preservers is true; but as 1 siniid hete before the Lord, 1 never lifted my hand. I was then taken lo the station hou u, and from thence hillier, to answer .'or crimes I never committed," " Put," in erruptcd ihe counsel, ' bow do you explain the pis als being found at your feet! ' " 1 had a brace ol' pistols upon my person when the «hip was Wrecked, and my position altoi wards can account lor their being wet," " How emne oue of them to ho unloaded 1" " I cannot tell ; but, hanging nd I do upon the brink of nu eternal woild, 1 nlleat ugem that lum inneoent " " Have you any wltnonos to proro the ttutb of what you have iffi ra eil ! Have, you any that oao speak as to the first patt of your improbable sto y 1 ' ' Nu; alas! none. I lett my oouinrv ni dictate, and I know not where to find'that rff-ctiunue girl Ii um wham I wus torn away to visit fuiuign clunes ; and as tu A Knees.no1 my conduct on the coast, there we e m ne save the smugglers, wl.o bare gone no one knows whither-perhaps have i ensilad in the sea,-the two men who oppeai ngHiust me, und the unsleeping eye of God : be saw my notions, aud to him 1 trust my cause-" " Yos ! yes, yes 1 lhere is-there is," orieJ a female voice milong tho ciowd. A buzciog stir went ihiough the court at ibis interruption. The judge lequestud that ibe person might ho brought 1 rnard and pla-ed m the mines«-! ox. A deep silence again reigned around, man «gcd man brought forward a j ou ig and iieiilbliog girl, wbo leant upon his aim foi support. " Good God ! it is she-it is Ellen !'' articulated the prisoner as he H etched our the dock, with leelings of the deepest nile e«ted depicted in his countenance. His eyes were fix« el uj.mi her, und a light ol hope and joy sparkled in bis ban some features " Ile is innooant-he is innocent!" exclaimed the beautiful gi . ; and then, as if for the ti st lime r-coll cling where sin« stood, n deep b usb passed over her pallid face; but it so n disappouiud, and she ra sod her lurg» muk eyes to tbu judge, imploring rt-ercy. " My lord, you cannot believe that be is I juin ; no. io! 1 will tell you-I will tell rou a I," ea pad ibu gir', and she slopped for breath. I be w o'e court wus guz ug on her in admiration, tors a eely ever lud limy seen one HO lovely as the lorni willoh then stool before thuin. Her laou was of the true mclsucb 1 mould, shaded by the dark bair »Lilli hung down insimplunegligenceoneitborside; her nose was neaily Grecian ; uud her spaiklingeyes '.eimed with such brightness, that, wore it not f. r tl.oir lou.; silkeu lashes, mau'« eye cou d scarcely dara to look upon them; her mouin waa »mai', wi'h lips lather pouting, seeming us though sirrow wer« their osst, yet as ii, like the opotmig leaves of n flower, thov could hurst into mirth ; her figure wea short und a little enhonpoint ; ami us be' nob voice s-undod through tln> hall, deien Ung ihe causa offne for whom lhere was already a rising svmpa'hy in the bents i-f (hose p esenf, slid appealed ilka some gooil spirit wingen from the skies. " My Lord," «be continued, " 1 »as walking, as is mv «ont at eve, upon the sun. s, «ben turning to retire home, I pe oeived ibu punies allu led to. lu fesr. I Lui myself behind the jutting cliff, and saw all iLat pi sied. He never moved, ile is mt guilty." " When we 0 you fi ai acquainted with the pri «onei ?'' inquned the officer uf ibe crown. "' Beter« he left his home I knew bim well. Ile was my companit.it bv the firetide, and in the fulo. We grew up together like branches upon the same stem." " Did you know the prisoner when upon th - beach 1" '. No," answered the bsioio girl, " or I could have saved this mockery." During ibis course, and while be gazad upon the fair g-rl, Couneny seemed us though new life had tuen pou-ed luto bim. He drank in her word« rs the thirsty oi-.m-I 111 the (lygeri eagerly stretches out its timk to the! sireum. E len hd-I avoided looking at Lim ; at length their eyes mot, and a still deeper g'ow suffused her cheek. Altern little further eioss-exnm.nation, the judge inquired ot ihe prisoner if be had any (bing lunher to Mute. " No, mv lord," answered Connerly, " I leave my causa 111 ihe hands ni Him who t-esili all our actions, and who will proteel the innocent." Having put ou the« black cup, the judge proceeded to pronounoH ibe awful senleuce. "Elwartl Con- nor!»," |,a said, you are found guilty, by n jury of twelve of your counttymeit, of the capital cunio of murder; for which it Is my sorrowful du'y to sen- tence you to be haoged bv ihe i.eck, by the bands of the common haugruin, until you ure dead, nnd that vour body be then given lo the surgeons for dusec ii ni. 1 have nquested a ilaigvmen to visit you in your eel', mid it is mv prayer, young mun, that you may be lorgiven,autt find m-rcv in the dreadful day." V hum of dissatisfaction ran through the court, and many a cheek that bal known uo tear for y eira, felt henetiinp irinklmg down its hardened furrows. Lim Ellen hoard ihosiokeniiig doom without seeming consentis. No sigh inse liom herborn, her eyes note fixai und flier, tho soul appealed to have dr-pa lo.l and loft ibu lloyd but a moving forin. Mr. Newton ted Ins beut- br.,k"n daughter from the court to et-ek comfoit in their bo can bind the wounde 1 brea 'I be eeooml tiny uftor tba nial was Appointed for til-exocu.ton ; nu the evening before. Ellen visited E I ward in Ins cell. The turnkey iel liar in without speaking, making as lillie noise as possible. 11* lutkid the doir, and the sound of his feet died away along the stone passage lauding to the prison. Ther* was no sound of human being near. " Ed- ward," exolnimad the affectionate girl, " Edwa-tl, dear Edward," but no voies answe c1:-wai she ¡bil ulone 1 had ha escaped 1" She listened attentively, and thought she beard a voice speaking in n wh spur. Tua rays of the setting sun burst through ihn iron gialiug of the o ill, and fell upon ihe fuoa of Connelly. Ho waa on his kneas, Ins banda wete clasped fe,vently tog thor, and his eyes were lifted towards ibu light. Hu pray ml. She beard lum articulate bur name, tlio dying words of her mother were ni liai thoughts, and she wopt hitteily. The sound of her grief louooil tho supp-i cam, who hastily sprang up lo chide the intruder on his devotions. 'The lingering sun was shining full on Ellen's brow. It was bis own true love. For one nu'in.-nt they gazed, depiivud ol speech, then rushed into each othel'a nrnis \- Ob, Ellen ! Elien ! ib.it we should meet thus," cried Connerly, " to muet, but to be seveied, till wo are joined again in ibu realiuB of bliss; ti put tho cup to our lipa, bul lo hnve it dashed upon the ground. Uut why do I tu'kthusl How can you love mel A trai cr to my country ! a niurdeter !'' ' Edwa'd, any i ot so. You ato iiofguilly. You ne innocent," sobbed'the dark- eyed girl. For woiian when sha truly loves, even though the ohjsot ol her hopes be stigmatised with tha blackest u^mes, believeB no ill of ibu chosen objsol oi be' hopes: she love«, and loves for ever. " Do you, can you think that lam innocent 1" exclaimed Coona ly ; " than I am happy-I can die rt-sigued." The knocking of the gao'er nt the door, told t'ioai their lime was past, and they must part to me>-t no more on earth. 'Farewell, dear E len, farewell," artieu'atetl tho prisoner, es ho once moro pressed the weeping girl to bia bean; " you love me, and you believe me innocent ; these thoughts will support-these assur. »noes will comfort me. But for you, dearest Ellen, rcuy your consolation be above; remember we shall meet lhere." '. I do love you, Edward, and I have a right to love you, for 1 bave a dying motlici'd consent;" and sho related to bim the scene ut the commence- ment of ibis story. Whon she bud finished, she still, "Edward, lulus pr*y together, era wa pari. We shall never pray together again." The two lovers knoll down, and their supplications, their thanksgivings, and their praises, wafted by tboir mingling breaths, arose before the thrown ol God. Their tears foil last upon the ground, but as ihi-y p lived, a peace, a calm ibe world can never give, s o'e through their mindi. Dut feelings. O ! what a scene; two fond hearts before the alter, seeking n bless ng fretn their bnnvenly Father, Thrir breast.-, are lu'e to lura ; he sees their faults, be knows their thoughts. Tuey rise happier, much happiar than they were before. 1 bo turnkey bad been waiting some time, but dared not interrupt such holy moments. As Boon as they bad ended, be came in and conveyed the almost fainting girl from the prison. The stately pillar bad fallen to the ground, and left the irr uhirering aloa«; the ship had lost ita towering masts, aud floated careless down the stream ; deprived of all lot which abe wished to live, of «II she loved, poor Kilon Newton wai like A blossom plurkeil ftom 1 i,s purent bought hut le wither mid lo die. Lady ihe neit.inoiiiiiig the streets around the I gaol weie thronged hy ibu curious ami sympathising inhabitants of VV- io witness the lust momonts | of the cmugglor. Al the appointed hour the pri sonor waa oonduotod from Ins coll, and asomdod tho tcnlTdd willi a lirra slep ; they were about to I put di« cap over his eyes, «thin he turned lo the sbetit}, sud ssid, ' Mnr 1 bo allowed in sp-nk it few words before 1 noi launched luto o ornity ? Ii is but a snnll boon." " * on mar," replied the offiepr " My couutrj tuen, my fullii«-biiiiigs,'' said Con i erlv, turning lo the multitude, ' j ou behold before i nu un unfortunate, but nu innocent min. A (t,vv days ago I looked forward lo bright liars of hap- piness my bark neureil rnv nativo oountri, and nil be foinl iinigiuiiigs of hours long gone bv, fliltel once more over my spirits , the voice of hnmt», the scii-o of lov?, returned ngniti , in fancy 1 bnuti led o'or tho hills, or lar musing bv soino murmu log brook, thinking of nought but j >y to ooma Ho« sail the change n few lu ut« bave wroueht * non the dark cloud i have gathered round nit b-ow , I am oondeionod of horrid crimes ne'er acnmniittod, for iv hu li in n few second« I «ball appear in an »torniil world, ihe gulf will he orosso I-1 can ne'er re- turn. May God in Ins ineroy forgiv- mi »eonarire i\Iv lime is abor', very short, but beloro 1 part fur ever, let me do what pnodloni Lawn of mi, then, not io lay your hopes, your tieasun-B here below; ibe summer may glow willi wa mt li, mid (be bright lays ot the sun mai kin Hy shine, but the lio«r-frosts of winter will com», and then your troisura will be lost, your hopes bins ed. Hie world is like a beaut,ous lontlaoape, reflet- ted in ihe »rater, the gieeu fields, the doited bills, the waver- ing foliage, tho blue vault spangled o'er with f livery clouds, meet your eye , vou think it is un E len ; a sense of joy runs through jour veins at thought of having found so dear a spot, and hastening to taste its sweets, you fall upon (he tide, the placid stream gives way beneath jour x eirlil, und rou find, iib s, too laie, that nil l8 cold an I death below liku thou toe advico of a dying nun, und lio-ird not your brightest gems on tnith hut place tin m in henv II, und all will howell Firowell my fuer de-i neu more farewell !-Relieve me, 1 sin iiinooent-mun- con! 1 ' Ata given signal the cap was over his eyes, the , rope was round his neck, for the sheriff faired ihe peop'e might use and roscun the prisoner from his fate. Tor an awful moment of the drop, n colin still roiguod tun >ng the oro« c1, when a man trout arnon? them bounded on the «oaf fold, and with one fea ful cut severed the cord. Hie platf mi descended, mid with ti tha prisoner, unhuii. -"Oh, khori-si^htel oieaturee," shou ed th« no«-vmer, in the hoar.e tun-s of a seama - " you would bave destroyed the innocent, rou would hive committed murder. l-l alone, am ' the guilty one, the ia¿mg waves would not luke my life-it was I «ft for you Is it not writ!, n ' wh si s'leddeth man's blood, br min shall ha blood bo shed ;' ibev dated not disub'y the Maker. I L-l lha guiltless go," continued he, casting off me < otp, and removing the ion! from tho neik ot ihe prisoner , and fold og his anns, he stood giziug | upon the aston shod multitude. A shout of j JF rent the air at this bsppv dr lirsranae, which was followed hy a low sinh of woo, I for the sailor wl o bad thus boldly stepped forward ] was well known to moil of tboss present, ns loin 1 Paga, commonly cailed Rap, a notorious and des- perate smuggler. | Alter enan an interruption, nothing more could at tint time be done. Couiicrly and Page we a both c n lune I baik to ibe gaol, and on the next day ibe caje waa agun (nought forward, when it uppea ed the sta eitlem < f Connu ly was oor eel and Pa j« was recot,iut>ed bj him as one of llu b^al'a orew. 'lie story of Piige is simply told. After the? 1 fl the b aub, the wind still blew a g tie , the boat filial with water, and tim were till cast adrift on tha waves. Hit companions, no doubt, found a ira ory grave , be wa« picked up on thu rocks at IJDIII distance f om II--, and had not till tho eva ung before the execution, bend that tin inno oen< was about to luffei for the guiltv . II» imme- diacy huBtened io W-, and arrived ju«t in lime lo «ave tho life of Conuerlj. From Pages «ild ai,d io nantie charac er he was we I Lionn to mmy of ibu II ibiemen and gentleman residing in the i eigbbourhood, who in erceded with the king on his behulf, and on account of bia laving so hnnoural ly and freely offurod his Ino to savo that ni a ¡.u-ltlesa man, succeeded in getting th« punish- ment of di-a'b mitigated lo ibu of serving in his Mij- stj'i, nai v lor the reina-udot of his day*, where hi, get erous hebav our, uud extremo bravery end fidelity, bave caused bia former crimea lo be for- gotten. Na need not sar with what j^v E len beard the sweet ridings of mercy , her young spun togo once in ira from l'a bed of sornw like a droo| mg leaf refreshed wi.h rain. Eluard Connerly immédiate y joined (hu ¿o..d old mm and his afficiioua e daughter, and was w'loomed bv thom as ona Irotn the grave C ingra ululions were showered Upon him frcm all side« , and in a few month' the happv lover lui the beautiful and bluthing E K ii to ihn altar, as his bride , and for mail) vears tiev lived in the li ile cutta,;« °" 'be «encoast where tho greatest of human ruueiy was turned into the extieuie of human b | p ness. [limy l »AVID icgBther in the prison, and lime ro'led on, and ibdt time which was ao Bpcnt, like Î Ibe sun when It Blood s-ill thu' tho work ol the Lo.d might be peifoimeil. brought about a huppr eel.vera ice. Had they patted ero ther bad prared together, the fatal cor 1 uiiglii hnv.- buen lus oneil, and the fatal beam have tallen ero the cord wat cut lu two; had their revotions been less sincere, their piety lesa ardent, the heart ot the gaoler might not have buen scftened to have g anted them the in- dulgence of those few but aus| actons mom, nu of de'ay, and a deutb of ignominy would Imre gea'ed tim «oom of the one, and would have entailed per- petual misery on the ollie- ; but the good work was wrought by n superintending Prevnlenco by a pio coss at once simple, intelligible, ami just.] 