THE ESTABLISHED CHURCH. I We have received the following communication from a very intelligent and | worthy correspondent. Tile strngyle now \ going on " at Home" in order to obtain a ' separation of the " adulterous" connection j between Church and State, renders the ; subject at the present moment full of, interest. j " The propriety of connecting Church and | State begins to be discussed in good earnest; I and every man who considers the subject now feels himself one of a great jury, on whose verdict is pending the permanence of the connection. I "The Bible is recognised by all Protestants, I as the supreme rule of faith and conduct, and in all questions relative to matters of religion and morality, tT the constitution and ad- I ministration of.the Church, the appcsl, in the first instance, ought evidently to he, ' to the l-yw and io testimony.' Of the Bible we may say what has be.-n finely said of TRUTH, that, in its guidance it is our interest and our duty implicitly to trust, following its pillar of fire tVougli the daikness and the dasert, even though the liirht should but suffice to make us certain of its own presence. In the part of the subject to which we proceed we will attempt to demonstrate from scripture that a; it is unjust, and inexpedient, so also it is unlawful and in.iious to oonncc!: the faith and ordinances of Christianity with the affairs of Civil Government, even although every sect and pr.rty should he treated with equal favours, and no one he made to suffer at any other's expence. We shall find that it is not the mode of alliance of Church and Stats merely but the fact, the existence, ihe, principle of the alliance, which the supreme authority of scripture uniformly denounces and reprobates. Since as we hold, the connection of sacred and civil powers is, if not the most disastrous evil, at least the cause of the most disastrous evils which have befallen Christianity, we might well expect that some reference would be made to it in the volume of inspiration; from which we venture to undertake to prove from the practice of the Apostles, from the express injunctions of the Holy Ghost, from the predictions of the ancient Prophets, and from the sufficiently plain manifestations of apocalyptic vision, that, the system of chartered Churches is. directly cuntrary to the will of God, and must therefore be a gross abomination in his sight. Before proceeding to adduce evidence of a minuter and more definite kind, we may remark, that the principle of compulsory taxation for religious objects is vicious and unjust, it must, of course, follow that it is completely at variance with the law of perfect morality by which the Bible is every where pervaded. Tlie principle militates against rectitude; therefore it militates against scripture. This sequence is sufficiently clear and legitimate to warrant the inference, that a chartered Church is unscriptural. Let us now examine whether more diiect proof be not attainable. By an analysis of the system of establishments we see that the great points in which it differs from the system of non-conformity, is in re-' f;;rence to the financial question of the mode of its support. The latter is maintained by voluntary contribution,, the former by the levy of a'determinate assessment. In invegr, tigating which of these is the scriptural plan, of course the first appeal is to the scriptures themselves; ' In what manner we ask, were the Apostolic Churches supported ? All parties allow-that it was in-the manner of the non-conformists ; in other words the Apostles did not impose exactions on tjieir followers for the spread of .the Gospel,. Uut accepted merely what was voluntarily bestowed., .Thisfact one would -think pretty decisive; hut the sticklers fpr a political cliarter produce various theories to show.,that it proves nothing. , Spme of them say that, an establishment in the apostolic age woiiltlhave been impolitic; others tliat it would, have been unnecessary ; others that it Would have been impracticable. If it would have betn impolitic and '.unnecessary when-the •Church wa» feeble, much more must it be when the church is powerful andextensive. If it is practicable now, it must, we boldly, assert, have been so in the primitive age.. This is .easily proved. 'For it is perfectly eelar that the Apostlegjhad as great an influence and authority oyer ths Christian believers, as ever political Sovereign had over his own-subjects; art authority however, riot of force • or constraint,' hut of good will, kindness and affection. The'very ,fact that multitudes deserted the Synagogues of Judaism^ and the shrines cf idolatry, counted the reproach of Christ, greater riches than all worldly happiness, and for the Gospel's sake underwent with cheerful intrepidity, all kinds of privations^ siifferfng and death, indicates of itself such an attachment to the faith, as would never allow self-interest or worldly feeling to come into operation. Persons who sacrificed their ease, their safely, and their lives, for the religion they professed, would surely he willing to contribute of their pecuniary resources for the spread of the Gospel. Had the first tcaehers of Christianity, then, insisted upon it as an essential duty, that a determinate sum should, at regular periods, be contributed by every believer for the purpose mentioned, it is evident that the scheme would have been cordially acquiesced in.— Now, having stated this, and bearing in mind what a chartered church establishment is, as it is possible that our present communication may be already inconveniently Ion* for your c. lumns, in our next we will demonstrate frorn Scripture the truth of the position we have herein taken, and which we defy to be refuted from the same source." 