• To the Editor of the Review. Sin,—I wish to be permitted to offer a few comments upon a letter .which appeared in your last ^number in respect to the dignities possessed by the Bishop of Australia. As my object is to avoid all personal offence to Dr. Broughton, I >.1\all confine myself to general remarks upon the order of Bishops altogether. I do not see that Df; Broughton is to blame for seeking to rank with what he believes to be " his order " I wish to shew you that, the whole order has assumed rights, privileges, and emoluments to which they are .not entitled bylaw either Divine or human. It is written in the law of God, ' Thou shiilt not steal,' and he who takes that gift which was deposited in his charge for the good of his neighbour, und appropriates it to his own use, is as great a robber as lie who way-lays the unwary traveller on the highway. 1 Woe be to the sliep* herds who do not feed themselves. Should not the shepherds feed the flocks ? Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, but ye feed not the flock.' Much must be conceded by every discreet mind, to the nature of the times, and much to the necessary expenses of office; added to those suitable and appropriate conveniences becoming the rank and condition of every individual. It is a mistake to imagine that the feeling of the rich are not to be consulted upon the subject of appearances, as well as of the poor; and it is reasonable to belie re, that had it pleased the Supreme Being to throw the fates of the first twelve bishops among kings, princes, and nobles, as a standing order, He would have provided them with that mode of life, which would have enabled them to be offensive to none. But on the other hand, excess, the result of pride, is ;'s bad as defect, the result of fanaticism. While the feeling of the rich and the great are consulted, that is no reason why their appetites should be pampered. To all that is becoming, decent, and'appropriate, the Bishops have a righl, but beyond this, nothing. I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened, but by an equaliti/, that now at tliis time, your abundance be tor their want, that their abundauce also be for your want, that there may he an equali'y, as it is written, he that gathered much had nothing over, mid he that gathered little had no lack." To reason by analogy, have we not had many men of high bir'h, even prime ministers of very limited means, who have, nevertheless, discharged the dutesof their situation, with becoming dignity ? Surely, therefore, if the dignity of so elevated a civil officer requires but a moderate income to uphold it, how is it that such immense ecclesiastical endowments, as were provided by the Laity for the good of the people, have been appropriated exclusively to support the dignity of & spiritual officer t Dignity! why should a bishop seek for dignity ? The very name of bishop bears with it essential dignity To encircle the Lord's annointed with superfluous purple, and gold and ermine, is to offend thedisnity of the WITNESS <>F JEHOVAH, with the pomp, and glare, and heat of a Turkish Harem- The hands and head qnd feet of a bishop are dignified. But oh! how undefiled—how clear as crysial—how spiritually bright—when,like St. Peter's they are washed from the stains of the world ! Is it not written, " How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of those who publish glad tidings," Use, universal use, the highest order of use, adds adi^nity to the mitre, which " Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed withIn Short, bishops would have been the angels of God on earth, had they • accounted their spiritual duties their own, their wealth the people s. In the manner, moreover, ofihe appointment of bishops,(the people deploreanothercalamity. The first bishops who received immediate conceeration from the bands of the Lord, and who were Favoured with personal communication, even after he rose from the dead, made the appoint- \- ment by lot, pure, and spiritual creation, the first •fruits of Divine conceciation, they were doubt- , less wise in committing the choice, of such an angel to the hands of that being, which none could properly discharge but God. They perched the awful consequences of confiding a ' power, which wielded the interests of this world and the next, to one who might be an angel in dress, but in heart a deul. A thief, a murderer, a Judas, had been already found among their number—had preached the kingdom of God, and bap. tized in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and they shrunk with horror at the possibility of their being the instruments of putting another fiend into their assembly. They therefore committed the power to Him, to whom by right belongs " the kingdom, the power, and the glory." In the present day, this power is the Lord's no longer, and to choose, it) behalf of the Deity, is given to one, whomay not only de- . nv him in works, but who may discredit His ex-, 1 istence. It may be, perhaps, urged, that the Dfcitj still presides by another medium, viz., by over-ruling the minds of men! But if this process were a right one, oould not they who perceived the things that .-" angels longed to look ; into" have adopted it ? aud is it not a proof, because,being the most ready method, that.it> re*- jecting it, they deemed it dangerous' More- over the excellence of the a|k>stle's plan is proved bv the evils which have attended its rejection. ( defied the possibilityof a choicc tainted by indirect means, whereas the present plan is open to "•intrigue and treachery." In His over-ruling providence, the Deity operates upon the minds of men in two ways. The good he influences by the word, the evil by satanic spirits. Who cannot see a satanic spirit influence in the pi«sent choice of bishops ? For example :—A minister has a tutor who instructed him in Litin, and Greek; this minister fancies the honor of having had a tutor, wlio afterwards became a bishop ; and so forthwith the minister sends his tutor for consecration. . It a clear case, that the will of God could not be a minister's fancy, and a tutor "s Latin ; and, therefore —n sight to make the angels weep,—episcopal elovaiion is effected contrary to the will of God. The choice of men IO fill the subordinate grades, involving much less importance, is not committed :o a layman ; therefore, why should a choice so holy b-: prostituted to the caprice of every new minister who inay be called into office ? So long as any nun bas ihe power of saying you shall, or you shall not, be a bishop, so long will the Divine order of consecration be held in doubt by the people; and so long will indirect means be used, to accomplish an elevation to an influence and office, which is the only one in tlte world, that the Saviour condescended to vest in his own hands.— I am, sir, &c.;, PRESBYTER, 