ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. Tuesday last, being the day appointed by public advertisement for laying, or rather re-laying, the foundation stone of the cathedral church of Saint Andrew, the most interesting spectacle that has ever occurred in the Colony was witnessed by the Sydney multitude. At 11 o'clock His Excellency the Governor arrived at St. James's Church, where he was re- ceived by the Lord Bishop and a deputa- tion from the Diocesan Committee, who, with a numerous and highly respectable congregation, had assembled for Divine Service, during which an anthem that had been prepared for the occasion was introduced, - the music was both masterly and touching. Of the vocal performances we cannot say so much : the solo was a complete failure, and produced a most unpleasant effect. With- out stopping to criticise further, we shall pass on to the luminous and eloquent discourse of the right reverend Bishop, which was taken from the Psalm 87, v. 1 to 4, wherein His Lordship with happy effect traced the genealogy, if we may so call it, of the Church of England, from tho earliest period of Christian worship lo the present day, and adduced many and beautiful illustrations in proof of its identity with that acknowledged by God, and established by our Saviour and his apostles. Herein, too, was contained a high and much deserved tribute to the memory and worth of the original pro- jector of the intended edifice - Lachlan Macquarie, Esq., whoso name has always been, and ever will be, associated with feelings of warm admiration and esteem. The sermon concluded with some impres- sive practical remarks, in which His Lordship directed the thoughts of his hearers from their earthly temple, to that " Not made with hands, eternal in the heavens, whose builder and whose maker is God, and whose chief corner- stone is Christ." - At the conclusion of the service, the Governor headed a proces- sion, including almost all the civil officers, several naval and military, and a large body of gentry, followed by an interesting train of children belonging to the parish schools, bearing their respective banners. The cavalcade passed through King, and George streets, amidst a great con- course of spectators, until it arrived at the site of St. Andrew, a few yards distant from the latter street, where His Excellency dismounted, and, ac- companied by the Lord Bishop, Judges Dowling, Burton, and Kinchela, the High Sheriff, the clergy, and many other functionaries, proceeded to the foundation, when the Governor deli- vered a short address espressive of the pleasure he felt at participating in so interesting and important a ceremony, and of his gratification at witnessing the demonstration of so much joy and hap- piness. He was then presented by the Bishop with a silver trowel, suitably inscribed, and a vase, containing a col- lection of coins, with the following in- scription and translation : - Quem Octodecim Abhine Annis in Fundamentum Ecclesiæ Cathedralis D. O. M. Sub Nomine Sancti Andreæ Apostoli Consecrandae, Lachlannus Macquarie, Coloniis Australibus Tene Præsidens,, Haud Ita Procul Collocaverat Lapidem, Priore Situ, Propter lmmutata Platearum Spatia, Minus Commodo Evadente, In Hunc Locum Removeri Jussit, Atque Ad Honorem Dei in Christo Denuo et Postremum Posuit RICARDUS BOURKE, Honoratissimi Ordinis Balnei Eques; Legtlus; et Colonise Præfectus ; Decimo-Septimo Calendas Junii Anno Salutis Humanæ CID : IOCCC : XXX : VII. TRANSLATION. The stone which eighteen years ago had been placed at no great distance, as the foundation of a Cathedral Church, to be consecrated to Almighty God, un- der the name of St. Andrew the Apostle, by Lachlan Macquarie, at that time Governor of the Australian Provinces, in consequence of the original situa- tion proving inconvenient, through the changes which have taken place in the direction of the streets, was removed to this spot by command of Sir Richard Bourke, Knight of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Lieutenant-General, and Governor of the Colony: by whom, to the honor of God who was in Christ, it was afresh and finally laid, on the sixteenth day of May, in the year of human redemption 1837. The above having been deposited by tho Governor in an aperture cut for the purpose, the top-stone was lowered, and underwent the mechanical examination of His Excellency, who pronounced " This stone to be firmly laid, to the honor of Almighty God, as the foundation-stone of St. Andrew's Church, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Bishop then read a dedica tory prayer, and pronounced his blessing which terminated that portion of the day's proceedings. Seats were provided for the ladies, numbers of whom, in spite of the threatening appearance of the weather. graced the ceremony with their presence. The crowds of children, pedestrians, equestrians, and equipages, altogether formed an exhibition, than which, none will be longer remembered with feelings of pleasure and satisfaction by the present Colonial generation. At about half-past two a congregation of the Protestant Schools assembled at the spacious building in Castlereagh street, to partake of a dinner which had been prepared for them by the hospitable Bishop, and we are sure he must have experienced heart-felt pleasure at wit- nessing the happy countenances of his juvenile charge, who testified their unaffected gratitude by prolonged enthu- siastic cheers at the mention of his lord- ship's health, which succeeded those of the King and the Governor, and to which they did reasonable justice in a " bum- per." Roast-beef and plumb-pudding on no limited scale quickly disappeared to the amusement of His Excellency, who, with Mrs. Broughton and a select party, honoured the festive scene with their company. The greatest delight and pleasure was manifested throughout by the youthful throng, amounting to about 600, and they eventually dispersed with much innocent mirth. At six o'clock the Bishop entertained a fashion- able party to dinner at Petty's Hotel. Among the guests were the Chief Jus- tice, Mr. Justice Burton, Captain West- macott, Mr. Riddell, Majors England and Phelps, the Commander of H. M. Brig Victor, Mr. M'Quoid, Mr. M'Pherson, Mr. Norton, the Clergy, &c.; &c.; &c.; The cloth having been removed, the following toasts were proposed : - The King and Church. The Queen and Royal Family. His Excellency Sir Richard Bourke - Captain Westmacott returned thanks. The Lord Bishop of Australia - Pro- posed by Mr. Justice Dowling, with a suitable address. His Lordship returned thanks in an eloquent speech, in which he adverted with considerable feeling, to the able support he had ever received from his Reverend Brethren, several of whom were then present; and whom, his Lord- ship observed, had, previous to his first arrival in the Colony, sustained " the burthen and heat of the day." The Army and Navy - Major England returned thanks. The Bishop then in allusion to the Diocesan Committee of the Societies in England, who had so zealously promoted the religious interests of the Colony, proposed, as the last toast, the health of their venerable and valuable member, (whose absence, on account of indisposi- tion, was deeply regretted) - Mr. M'Leay ; and the Treasurer and Secretaries then present. - The toast was drank with much enthusiasm ; and the Rev. W. Cowper returned thanks. A t about 10 o'clock the party dispersed, highly gratified with the memorable events of the 16th of May, A.D 1837. We feel much pleasure in publishing the following very complimentary address to one of the oldest and most gallant officers of so distinguished a regiment as the 50th, or Queen's Own : it is copied from the Hobart Town Courier of the 7th April : - ROSS, March 28, 1837. SIR,- We, the undersigned, inhab- itants of Ross and its vicinity, cannot permit you to leave the district without expressing our regret at your departure, and our warm interest in your future welfare. Your zeal and ability in completing the Ross Bridge, with so much expedition and advantage to the public. Your judicious management of the prisoners under your charge, combining good order with security to the neighbourhood, and your efficacy as a magistrate claim our sincere acknowledgements. We desire to record this expression of our senti- ments, by requesting your acceptance of a chro- nometer, as a small token of our esteem and regard. We remain, Sir, your obedient servants, . P. T. Smith Arthur Smith Lewis Smith Robert Davidson Frederick Ford, P.M. G. C. Clark Charles Kerr John Foster Henry Foster James Maclanachan James Hamilton Benjamin Horne William Kermode George Parramore Samuel Horton Thomas Parramore R. Q. Kermode Francis S. Horne Edward M. Horne George Scott To William Turner, Esq. J.P. Captain in H.M. 50th Regt. ANSWER. Ross, March 29th, 1837 Gentlemen, I am so highly flattered by the kind manner in which the Gentlemen of the District of Ross, have been pleased to take notice of my humble services during the time I have had the superintendence of the building of the bridge, I feel myself unable to express in adequate terms, my sense of their kind- ness, and it affords me the sincerest gratification, that I possess the good opinion of so highly respec- table a Community, as the Proprietors of the Dis- trict of Ross. The token which they so kindly presented me with, I accept with gratitude, as a proof of their esteem, and I trust 1 shall ever retain a lively recollection of the kindness I have experienced during my resident at Ross. Permit me, Gentlemen, to request you will please to accept, and convey to the rest of the Gentlemen who have done me the honor to sign the address which you have so politely presented me with, the high sense I entertain of their kindness, accompanied with my warmest wishes for the con- tinued prosperity, and happiness, of the Colony. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, WILLIAM TURNER, J. P. Captain 50th, or Queen's Own Regiment. To B. Horne, Esq. J. P., and the Gentleman deputed to deliver the address of the District of Ross, to Capt. Turner. Mr. Barnett Levey has written us a letter abusing our reporter, because Mr. Levey says he has abused him in the Gazette. We inserted the paragraph complained of as a humorous squib, and not with any intention of hurting Mr. Levey's feelings. Mr. Levey's cause of com- plaint should therefore be against us, and not against our reporter. But Mr. Levey says that " it is his intention not again to admit him by the silver ticket, which is meant for us." Now we tell Mr. Le- vey that we would not go to the theatre, or would we allow our reporter to go, if the editor were to be compelled to pro- duce this ticket : it may be necessary tor a reporter to have a ticket, but we consi- der it unnecessary. If Mr. Levey thinks it expedient to refuse our reporter admit- tance gratuitously - he can do so, of course, it will only put us to some very trifling expense, which will in equal proportion benefit Mr. Levey's pocket. Our reporter is instructed by us regu- larly to attend the theatre, and we can- not consent to his being refused admis- sion on such grounds. If the press treats the theatre with contempt, by not noticing the performance, Mr. Levey may as well shut up the house at once. 