THE HOLY CATHOLIC CHURCH. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] ACCORDING to the Church of England we are taught to-" believe in the Holy Catholic Church,' to pray for " the good estate of the Catholic Church," and, again, in the 55th Canon, to pray " for the whole congregation of Christian people dispersed throughout the whole world, and especially for the Churches of Eng land, Scotland, and Ireland." It becomes, there fore, every Church of Englandman's duty to discover the sense in which he is taught to pray for the Catholic Church. And, in the first place, it is to be premised, that by the term Catholic Church, is not intended a particular Church-such for instance as that of Rome-but the whole congregation of Christian people dispersed throughout the whole world, of whatever name or denomination they may be, so that they do not maintain principles which are plainly opposed to the revealed word of God. The word Catholic is derived from kara and AXoo, and denotes a thing that is universal or general. Some have said that Theodosius the Great first introduced the term Catholic into the Church ; appointing by an edict, that the title should be applied, by way of pre-eminence, to those churches which adhered to the Council of Nice; in exclusion of the Arians. Catholicism, however, soon changed hands; for, under the Emperor Constantius, Arianism became so pre dominant, that the Arians were called Catholics. But the term was used much more anciently, as by Polycarp and Ignatius, the latter of whom says, in his epistle to the Smyrnaeans:-" Where soever the Bishop shall appear, there let the peo ple also be: as, where Jesus Christ is, there is the Catholic Church." The term, as now used, implies, 1st., That the Church of Christ is Universal or Catholic, in opposition to that of the Jews, which was con- fined to a single people, whereas the Gospel is preached universally, and all are invited to par ticipate in its privileges; and, 2ndly, it is ap plied to orthodox Christians, in opposition to Arians, &.c., who, by their various heresies, have separated from the Church, and denied the Catholic doctrine, "concerning one God and Three Persons,' Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and that other concerning the incarnation of Christ, by which God and man was so united as to make one person." 