[?] To join instruction and delight in one. Creech. The Auld Grey Mare. — An honest farmer, afew miles from Dumfries, was often found fault with by his wi e for staying too late in town on the market nights. At last she set out with him one day herself, and in the evening forced him home rather sooner than he wished. Accordingly they mounted the old grey mare — he on the saddle, and she on a pad behind him. They rode on till they came to a small brook that crossed the road, when the mare put down her head to drink, and after being satisfied, again went on. " Now," said the gude- wife, " if you would do like the mare — when she has enough, she stops of her own accord ancl goes on ; and cannot you do the same? "True, gudewife," said lie, " bnt if there was anither auld grey mare on the other side o' the stand, and the ane saying to the other — ' Here's t'ye, and here's t'ye,' there's na telling when they might part." Great shrewdness and spirit frequently are hidden under seeming dulness. Some time ago a young fellow joined a regiment as ensign, who was very uncouth in his ap pearance. The following day, a Captain, who was a sort of regimental wag, looking in the face, said, " May beg leave to ask what induced you to mako the army your profession ?" " That I might have now and then an opportunity of cheeking imperti nence," was the promp reply. The Shepherd. The next time that Hogg's business carried him to Edinburgh, he waited upon Scott, who invited him to dinner in Castle-street, in company with William Laidlaw, who happened also to be in town, and some other admirers of the rustic genius. When Hogg" entered the drawing-room, Mrs. Scott, being at the time in a delicate state of health, was re clining on a sofa. The shepherd, after being presented, and making his best bow, forthwith took possession of another sofa placed opposite to hers, arid stretched him self thereupon at all his length; for as he said afterwards, " I thought I could never do wrong to copy the lady of the house." As his dress at the period was precisely that in which any ordinary herdsman at tends cattle to the market, and as his hands, moreover, bore most legible marks of a recent sheep- smearing, the lady of the house did not observe with perfect equani mity the novel usage to which her chintz was exposed. The shepherd, however, re marked nothing of all this — dined heartily and drank freely, and, by jest, anecdote, and song, afforded plentiful merriment to the more civilized part of the company. As the liquor operated, his familiarity in creased and strengthened ; from " Mr. Scott," he advanced to " Sherra" and thence to " Scott," " Walter" and " Wat- tie," until, at supper, he fairly convulsed the whole party by addressing Mrs. Seott as " Charlotte." The Yankee Lawyer and the Qua ker. — I guess you've never been in the States. There you'll see the great Daniel Webster ; he's a great man I tell you ; King William, No. 4, I guess, would be no match for him as an crator ; he'd talk him out of sight in half an hour. If he was in your House of Commons, I reckon he'd make some of your great folks look pretty streaked ; he's a true patriot and statesman, the first in our country, and a most particular cufe lawyer. There was a Quaker chap too cute for him once, though. This Quaker, a pretty knowin' shaver, had a cause down to Rhode Island ; so he went to Daniel to hire him to go down and plead his cause for him ; so, says he, " Lawyer Webster, what's your fee?" " Why," savs Daniel, " let me see; I have got to go down south to Washington to plead the great insurance case of the Hartford Company ; and I've got to be at Cincinnati to attend the Con vention ; and 1 don't see how I can go to Rhode Island without great loss and great fatigue; it would cost you, may be, more than you would be willing to give. ' Well, the Quaker looked pretty white about tlie gills, I tell you, when he hear J this ; for he could not do without him no how, and he did not like this preliminary talk of ii is at all: at last he made bold to ask him the worst of it, what lie would take ? " Why," says Daniel, " I always liked the Quakers ; they are a quiet, peaceable peo ple, who never go to law if tlicy can help it, and it would be better for our great country if there were more such people in it. I never seed or heard tell of any harm in 'em, except going the whole figure fur Gineral Jackson, and that everlastin', al mighty villain, Van Buren ; yes, I love the Quakers; I hope they'll go to the Webster ticket yet, and I'il go for you as low as I can anyway afford; say 1000 dollars." The Quaker well nigh fainted when he lieerd this, but he was pretty deep too ; so, says he, " Lawyer that's a great deal of money ; but I have more causes there ; if I give you 1000 dollars, will you plead the other cases 1 shall have to give you?" "Yes," says Daniel, "I will to the best of my liumbleabilities." So down they went to Rhode Island, and Daniel tried the case, and carried it for the Quaker. Well, the QuakeV, he goes round to all the folks that had suits in court, says he, " What will you give me if I get the great Daniel to plead for you ? It cost me 1000 dollars for a fee : but now he and ine are pretty thick, and, as he is on the spot, I'd get him to plead cheap for you ;" so he got 300 dollars from one and 200 from ano ther, and so on, until he got 1 1 00 dollars ; jist 100 dollars more than he gave. Daniel was in a great rage when he hcerd this. " What," said he, " do you think I would agree to your letting me out like a horse to hire ?" " Friend Daniel," said the Quaker, "didst thou not undertake to plead all such cases as I should have to give thee? If thou wilt not stand to thy agreement, neither will I stand to mine." Daniel laughed ouf, ready to split his sides atthis " Well," says he, " I guess I might as well stand still, for you to put the bridle on this time, for you have fairly pinned me up in a corner of the fence, any how;" so he went good-humouredly to work, and pleaded them all. — Sayings and Doings of Sam Slick. Anecdote of Sheridan.— At a disso lution of Parliament Sheridan hurried off to Stafford, with the intention of again trying his luck with that borough. One of his fellow passengers chanced to be an elector ; on discovering which, Sheridan took the opportunity of asking for whom he should vote. The other, ignorant who it was that put the question, replied that neither of the candidates were much to be depended on, but that he would vote for the devil sooner than the scamp Sheridan. The conversation here dropped for a while ; but, having in the interim contrived to learn from the coachman the name of his opponent, Sheridan resumed the discourse by observing, that lie had heard say there were many corrupt rogues among the Staf ford electors, and that among them was one Thompson, the biggest scoundrel in the borough. " I am Mr. Thompson," ex claimed his fellow traveller, crimson with rage. " And I am Mr. Sheridan," re joined the other. The joke was imme diately seen, and the parties became sworn friends ever after. Prompt Answer. — Chateauneuf, keeper of the seals- of -Louis XIII., when a boy of only nine years old, was asked many questions by a Bishop, and gave very prompt answers to them ail. At length the Prelate said, " I will give you an orange if you will tell me where God is ?" " My Lord," replied the bov, " I will give you two oranges if you will tell me where he is not," Koscipsko.— The Cossacks, in their course of plunder, came upon the rustic habitation of Kosciusko. The horde bran dished their spears over the veteran's head, and persisted in plundering his cottage, when he endeavoured to convince them of the injustice and barbarity of their unroiii- 'ary conduct. Finding his remonstrances ineffectual, he bared his bosom, showed his wounds, and exclaimed, " Soldiers, respect the asylum of a soldier, or disho nour your profession !" " Who art thou?" demanded the Cossack leader," who speaks our tongue, and dares thus address us ?' " I am Kosciusko !" The leader and his followers fell at his feet, ancl craved for giveness. Platoff, on hearing this, ordered a guard of honour to be stationed at the humble residence of the Polish patriot. — Austria and the Austrians. Monk Lewis. — Lewis was fonder of great people than he ought to have been, either as a man of talent or a man of fashion. He had always dukes and duchesses in his mouth, and was pathetically fond of any one that had a title. You would have sworn he had been parvenu of yesterday, yet he had lived all his life in good so ciety Mat had querish eyes- -they pro jected like those of some insects, and were flattish on the orbit. His person was ex tremely small and boyish — he was indeed the least man I ever saw, to be strictly well and neatly made. I remember a picture of him by Saunders being handed round at Dalkeith House. The artist had ingeni ously flung a dark folding mantle around the form, under which was half-hid a dag ger, a dark lantern, or some such cut throat appurtenance; with all this the features were preserved and ennobled. It passed from hand to hand into that of Henry, Duke of Buceleueh. who, hearing the general voice affirm that it was very like, said aloud, " Like Mat Lewis! Why that picture's like a Man!" He looked, and lo, Mat Lewis's head was at his elbow. This boyishness went through life with him. He was a child, and a spoiled child, but a cliiid of' imagination ; and so he wasted himself on ghost-stories and German ro mances, He had the finest ear for rhythm I over met with — finer than Byron!s. — Sir Walter Scott. Biirri.su Guiana. — T.'iis colony, including Demerara. F.sspquibo, and Beruice, is according (o Sir Andrew ILdlidny, capable of being made die most productive of tlie British dominions; tlie soil being a rich alluvial compost, nearly 150 feet, in depth, and inexhaustible, both as to quantity and quality. " If," says Sir Andrew, "cultivation and population proceed, and ad vance in any thing like the ratio they have late y done, it would be matter of little import, in rs f.ir as sugar, rum, molasses, coffee, and even cotton are concerned, a few years hence, though all the islands in the Carribhean Sea were re turned to the bottom of tlie great deep. British Guiana could furnish a supply of those articles for the whole world, and for 10,000 years, and still have fresh soil to bring into cultivation." Longevity of Printers. — In twenty-three printing-offices in Paris, there were printers iu each whose ages ranged from forty to seventy ye.irs. An aged master-printer asserted that he had known more than fifty compositors or press men who had passed their sixtieth year. Among thirty-five persons engaged in one office, one- third ranged from forty-five to seventy years of age. A printer who worked in an office, a few years ago, said there were, out of forty workmen, twenty-five whose ages ranged from fiity to seventy. This office was very appropriately termed im primer ie des bibassicrs, or, " the print ing-office for grey-beards." There are seventeen printers now working in Paris, of whom seven are seventy years of age, one eighty, and anotlu-r eighty-two. A printer woiked in the office of Didot the younger, until his death, when he was eighty-six years of age, and another continued to work until the age of eighty-four. Among the deaths in Paris in one year there were twenty-five printers, whose ages varied from fifty-five to seventy-eight years ; and among the returns from the hospital for the aged, the deaths of four printers were announced, whose ages were res pectively sixty-four, sixty-nine, seventy-five, and seventy-eight. — French Paper. 